 My girlfriend and I had been going through a lengthy rough patch. We were both spending our first summer away from home, having just finished our sophomore year of college together. Sex just hadn't been on the menu lately and I couldn't figure it out; I was very fit from running constantly and swimming in the lake, tanned, blond, slightly over 6 feet tall. For reasons I couldn't figure, getting laid was more of a problem now than it had been when I was single.

My girlfriend was stunning. She was in the five-foot-eight range, long blond hair, beautiful full lips and green eyes. Her body was to die for, and her heart-shaped hips and ass were the foundation of many of my daydreams.

Anyway she had been working a lot that summer, and even when she got home and I was over at her place cooking dinner, she wasn't acknowledging me much. I would rub her feet, drop off Starbucks for her where she worked, and she still pulled away when I tried to kiss her neck in the kitchen. 

We talked about it multiple times but it always boiled down to how I had needs and felt like I deserved a lot more than what I was getting. This just made her mad, because she didn't know (or wouldn't say) what was causing the problem. She just didn't feel like having sex and felt like I shouldn't make a big deal about it.

One night when I was sleeping over she was laying on her back in the queen-size bed, staring at the dark ceiling. I was propped up on one elbow watching her. She gave a deep sigh, and then looked over at me.

"Look," she said, "maybe you just need to go for it. Just start touching me and see what happens. I'll let you."

"I'll let you" set off some red flags, for sure, because my first thought was "what the fuck?" I hated the thought of being "allowed" to touch my girlfriend, especially since we had once had such a strong sexual connection. But I was so horny, feeling so deprived, I moved closer to her under the covers and ran my hand along her thigh. 

She took my hand and put it on her breasts, over the t-shirt she was wearing. I felt her nipples harden and she bit her lip, and I could tell she was responding how I'd hoped. 

She let me squeeze and caress her nipples through her shirt for a few more minutes, her back arching and her mouth opening to let out soft, whispery moans. Then she took my hand and guided it down her belly to the waistband of her yoga pants, and I gladly slipped my hand inside. 

She wasn't extremely wet yet, but I licked my fingers and started rubbing her clit with the lubrication. She turned her head and buried her face in the pillow as a moan took her breath away, and her legs spread wide to give me better access. 

At this, I made my real move: I put my body against hers and started kissing her neck, tracing my tongue under her ear while my right hand kept working on her now-wet pussy. She was moaning and squeezing my arm, grinding her ass into the bed.

I let her breathing calm a bit as my hand slowed, and then I pulled her shirt over her head. Her back arched and her breasts were an inch from my face, and I took her nipple into my mouth. She moaned again and ran her fingers through my hair as I licked and sucked, getting her going again. 

"I need to tell you something, please, just let me talk for a second," she said breathlessly. 

I stopped what I was doing and sat up a little, waiting for her to begin.

"I think part of our problem right now is that I've kind of met someone," she blurted out. "Nothing serious or even concrete but... I'm sorry, I just think about him, and I don't know what to do."

"Well..." I began, feeling sort of lost. "Do you still feel the same way about me as I do about you?"

"Yeah, yes, I promise I'm still in love with you. I do still love you. But I don't know, there's just this fantasy thing going on in my head right now, and I can't stop thinking about him. I see him at work and then I come home, and you're here and you're wonderful, but this guy is just filling my head."

She apologized, saying she knew how this must be making me feel, but truthfully I was feeling mostly blank. I was still very aroused, and a part of me had always wanted her to fuck another guy while I watched. 

I didn't really know what to say, but I told her it was okay, and she was forgiven and didn't need to be sorry. She held me then, squeezing me and saying she was so glad I felt that way.

"Listen..." she said, "Do you think... you might let me hang out with him sometime?"

This took me aback, but I said yes. I was thinking more about my fantasy now, about her fucking this guy, and her coming home to me with dirty details. I was still worried about my own relationship and the sex life problems. But this? This was new territory, and I was open to it.

"If you want to hang out with him I think you should," I said. "Can I tell you something? I've never said this to anyone before."

"Yes, anything," she replied.

"I think it's kind of hot that you might be physically into another guy, for some reason. I've had fantasies about watching you with someone else and I think it would be insanely hot for you to maybe... hook up with him once?"

I said it like a question, watching the skeptical look on her face, but as I finished talking she put her hand on my chest and I could see her biting her lip.

"Really? You would let that happen?" she asked. I nodded, keeping eye contact with her as a smile started to form on her pretty face. A mischievous smile.

"Oh my god," she said, drifting off in thought. "I'm sorry but I want to fuck him so bad... I am so turned on right now..."

And then she kissed me, her tongue slipping into my mouth, and swung her leg over mine to straddle me in bed. Being able to talk about this openly seemed to have really changed the dynamic between her and me, and I was loving it.

"Baby, I want to do this. I want to fuck him in front of you. If you actually think it's something you want?"

"Yes," I said. "I want it. I want it for you, and for us, and I can't wait..." I pulled her down to me as I said this in her ear: "I can't wait... to see his cum dripping out of you. I can't wait to feel your freshly fucked pussy and make you scream when you get home."

She moaned and reached down between my legs to feel my rock-hard cock, her mouth going to my neck as she started to stroke me inside my boxers. She kissed down my chest and belly, getting closer to my dick. Slippery pre-cum had leaked onto my belly and she licked it up, kissing my skin with her tongue, making my whole head tingle. 

She took my cock into her hot mouth, drooling down the shaft as she slowly pumped me in and out between her lips. Her cheeks sucked inward as she lifted her head up, rubbing her tongue across the head of my cock in a way that had me hyperventilating and dizzy.

She pulled my boxers off the rest of the way and then lay down next to me, kissing me so that I could taste the salty-sweet pre-cum on her lips. It was so hot, hotter than anything we had done in a long time. I moved so that I was on top of her, her legs wrapping around my waist as we kissed and I squeezed her ass and thighs. I started to pull down her yoga pants, admiring the thong she was wearing while I did. There was a wet spot between her thighs now, the little bit of fabric soaked in her sex. I could smell how turned on she was.

I ran my mouth from her knee up to her waist, using my teeth to pull the waistband of her thong down over her hip. She rolled over on her stomach then, with her legs slightly spread apart, giving me room to pull her thong off the rest of the way. I kissed up from the back of her knee to her perfect ass, licking from one cheek to the other, my tongue getting slightly closer to her ass and pussy with each pass. She had fistfuls of pillow, and her hair was over her eyes, and I could hear her gasp as my tongue finally made contact with her ass. She was so wet that her pussy had actually started to drip, and her sex was smeared between her legs. It tasted so good, and I relished running my tongue from her pussy to her asshole, carrying her juices with me. 

She was up on her knees now, face still pressed into the pillow, to give me better access with my tongue. I was lapping at her asshole as she took deep breaths and pressed back into me, two fingers going into her pussy. 

"Please put one in my ass, God, please..." She said breathlessly over her shoulder. "I want it."

I was more than happy to do as she said, and as my finger slid into her wet asshole a loud moan escaped her lips. I pumped my finger in and out slowly and I thought she was going to scream. 

"I'm going to cum, oh God I'm going to cum! Don't stop!" she said as my tongue went back to her pussy, my finger still penetrating her ass. I kept the same rhythm until she bucked against my hand and face, and she actually screamed into the pillows now and fully arched her back. 

When she started to come down from the high of that orgasm, I sat up, rubbing some saliva on the head of my cock. She stayed on her knees with her ass in the air, swollen pussy lips visible between her thighs. Seriously, I thought to myself, what is hotter than that?

"I want to feel you in me, right now," she said. I was already about to press the head of my dick to her slick entrance, and when I did she made a guttural sound and put her head back down, spreading her legs just a little more. 

I entered her smoothly, her lubricated lips feeling like absolute heaven. She was so silky and hot, and her back had this sheen of sweat, so when I reached one hand up to run it along her body I felt it under my fingers. It was one of the most intimate moments I'd ever experienced, her pushing her ass back into me while I ran my hands over her gorgeous shoulders and down her spine.

We went at it like this for a few minutes. I took long, deep strokes into her and she kept her position, squeezing her eyes shut, her mouth wide open as she took in big gulps of air. I pulled out of her, my dick glistening with her juices, and she rolled onto her back. She brought her knees up and spread her legs as I got on top of her. I positioned myself and slowly slid back into her pussy. Our lips met and our tongues mingled, my brain practically melting at how hot this sex was.

I used one elbow for support and put the other hand on the side of her face, my thumb on the corner of her mouth, and when our lips parted to breathe she turned her head slightly and took my thumb into her mouth. She started sucking on it while I fucked her, alternating between suction and just licking it and my other fingers, and it felt so good I came deep inside her as her own orgasm lit her up.

We laid together after that, basking in the amazing session we had just had. When we were both breathing normally again she rolled over against me, putting a leg over my midsection, and asked in a whisper if she could really still fuck this other guy. 

I didn't think I had any more left in me, but as I said yes my dick was instantly hard again and we went at it for another hour before falling asleep covered in sweat and each others' cum.

The next day, she left for work in the morning and I met up with some friends to get lunch. I was out on a run later when she got home, and when I returned there was a vehicle parked out front that I didn't recognize. It didn't occur to me that I should suspect anything, because in our neighborhood visitors park wherever. Could've been someone across the street, or anyone, really.

So I walked in the door, not making much noise just by force of habit, and from the entryway I heard a male voice, which was odd. My ears perked up and instead of announcing my presence I tiptoed in my socks and running shorts to peek around the corner. 

She was there, on the couch, with a guy's hand on her leg. They hadn't heard or seen me yet, and suddenly he leaned over and kissed her on the cheek. I was so surprised I didn't know how to react, if I even could.

She seemed startled but turned her face and kissed him back. The kiss was a little awkward at first but they both got into it very quickly, and as she put her arms around him I realized... this must be the guy! He looked to be fairly handsome, of similar build to me but with darker brown hair.

Of course I would be home since I didn't have to work that day, and she must have known that, so the fact that I was out running when they arrived was serendipitous for her. She was taking advantage of it, and she was going to fuck this guy in our house! 

I couldn't believe it, but just as he started to squeeze her breasts through her shirt I shifted my weight and the hardwood floor made a loud popping noise. She broke off the kiss suddenly and looked over in shock to see me there, shirtless, in nothing but my shorts and socks with a raging hard-on.

"Oh my god!" she said. "I'm sorry, I did not expect you to come home... I'm sorry..."

She looked really upset, so I calmed her down right away. The guy just looked confused, but he kept quiet. 

"Look don't worry about it," I said, "I'm not freaked out, okay? Sorry for scaring you, but everything is cool. I'm gonna go take a shower and I'll come back out in a few minutes."

"Okay... you're sure?" she said, seeming aghast that I would react this way even though we'd discussed it. After all, she hadn't given me any heads up about her plans for tonight.

"Yes. Please, don't stop what you're doing on account of me."

"Well..." she said, turning back to the guy whose lap she was practically sitting on, "okay, then!" She gave me a beaming smile and went back to the kiss. He didn't seem like the brightest bulb in the drawer, but he was definitely into whatever was going on.

I headed for the bathroom and got in the shower, my dick so hard I could barely stand it. I rinsed off quickly and then thought about taking my time -- didn't I want to let her have her fun? I struggled not to jerk myself off in the shower, wanting to savor this experience, and I got out and toweled myself off after letting the water rinse away the sweat. 

I grabbed a t-shirt and jeans and pulled them on, no boxers, and headed back to the living room where my girlfriend and her fantasy man had been sitting. I came around the corner and was shocked by what I saw.

Not in a bad way, though -- she was on her knees between his legs, sucking his dick, while he leaned back into the cushions with his eyes closed. She was only wearing her underwear, and his shirt was off. She looked to be really into it, and the scene turned me on almost to the point of spontaneous ejaculation right in my pants. Once again I couldn't believe this was happening.

I walked over and she lifted up her head, giving me another smile. Her spit was dripping down his cock, which looked to be about the same size as mine with a slight upward curve. A thin strand of drool connected her lips to his dick when she took her mouth off it and pumped her hand up and down, causing his whole body to tense up. 

"Baby, come here..." she said. I leaned down next to her, and she kissed me with her wet, swollen lips. Her mouth tasted different, no doubt because of where it had just been, but it only served to turn me on more.

"I know this is weird," she said, "but have you ever, even once, thought about giving a guy head before? Because this is amazing."

I contemplated where this might be going, and decided I was okay with it. "Well what guy hasn't?" I said innocently, giving half a shrug. She grinned at that, still pumping his throbbing cock with her hands. She said she'd been thinking about it, about the idea of a threesome, and wanted that more than just to fuck Brad.

"And I kind of think... that it might be hot if we all shared each other. Hot as hell, actually," she said. "Come here and try this with me. Brad said it would be okay." (So that was his name!)

She kissed me again, her tongue gliding into my mouth, tickling my brain. I couldn't think, except for one phrase: Oh, yes. I was going to do this.

She moved back a little to give me room, and Brad made no move whatsoever. I didn't want to make eye contact with him because I just wasn't quite that comfortable with what was going on, but I took his cock in my hand and realized that this was going to be extremely sexy. His cock was slippery from Christin's mouth, and I was overcome with a want to suck it.

I leaned over and touched it to my lips, my mouth beginning to water in anticipation, and then I took the entire thing in my mouth at once. He stiffened and lifted his hips slightly, clearly enjoying what I was doing.

"Holy fuck that is so hot," Christin said, touching herself while she watched me suck Brad's dick. I couldn't help but agree -- I knew I was far from being gay, I've always been nothing but straight, but something about this just lit me up. I sucked enthusiastically, running my tongue over his cock head, thinking how my girlfriend had been doing this very thing moments ago and this cock would soon be deep in her lovely pussy.

I came up for air, and she said, "Okay, we can do more of that later, but right now, I really need some help here." She got up and sat on the couch, and started kissing Brad. He reached into her underwear and slid a finger in, and she bit her lip hard. She looked at me and said, "Baby, can you please eat me out?" He pulled her underwear down past her ass, and I removed them the rest of the way.

I got between her legs as she kissed Brad deeply, and he squeezed her nipples as I started licking up both her thighs. She moaned and spread her legs way out, and I sank my face into her sopping pussy. Her juices had dripped down over her ass and I tongued that as well, enjoying every second of this. I looked up while working her clit with a wet finger, and I could see flashes of tongue in their kissing. She was stroking him again as well, and I took a second to record this to memory. So. Hot.

She started to moan in a rhythm as my tongue worked her clit and pussy lips, and I kept going until she bucked and came against my face. I let Brad have a turn, watching as he picked up where I left off. She was laying on the couch as Brad and I sort of switched spots, his tongue running up and down her pussy while she and I shared a long, passionate, wet kiss. 

"Alright, this is amazing you guys, but I need to get fucked now. Can we go to the bedroom?" she asked, making eye contact with me. I nodded, and the three of us got up and walked to the bedroom.

She sat on the edge of the bed and told me to strip, which I did, and she pulled Brad's pants down and he stepped out of them. Now we were all naked, and she looked up at us while stroking a dick with each hand. She started sucking us both off, starting with me, moving her mouth from one to the other. I loved seeing my girlfriend being so into this -- there was nothing I didn't like about what was happening. 

She laid down on the bed, and motioned for Brad and I to join her. She pulled Brad on top of her, and he was positioned with his cock at her entrance while they kissed again. I was laying propped up on an elbow watching the interaction, and I was in heaven. She reached down and stroked him, his pre-cum oozing onto her belly, and she turned to ask me if she could fuck him. 

"Are you kidding? Go for it," I said. "I can't wait."

"Well neither can I," she said, and let go of his throbbing dick to grab his shoulders. At this, he reached down to hold his cock and rub the head on her dripping pussy, which made her moan and writhe under him. "Please just put it in," she said in between gasps. "I can't take it anymore."

He shifted his weight forward just a bit, and barely a foot from my face, he started to slide his dick into my girlfriend. As soon as he penetrated her she moaned loudly and pulled him into her, and within a few seconds he was buried all the way. It was such a climactic moment for me, and my mind was in places I can't even explain, but I knew there was more to come. Much more.
