 Beautiful memories from summer days past will remain with me forever. My name is Roger, but everyone calls me "Big Rod." It isn't a reverse nickname, as my many lady friends will attest. I'm in good shape, handsome and athletic, and I enjoy partying until late into the night.

I work in the restaurant industry, and for many summers I waited tables in a beach community on the East Coast. I enjoyed the many friendships I had during my time working near the beach, but I particularly had one special friendship that spanned through several seasons with a girl named Maureen. 

Maureen was a pretty and petite blonde work colleague of mine, whom lived about four miles from me. Maureen was known to everyone as "Mo," and she often partied with my crowd. 

Technically she wasn't my girlfriend, as we were free to see whomever we wanted, but she was my regular booty-call gal for quite some time. Mo would often brag to her girlfriends about my sexual prowess, and her lady friends would often tease me about wanting me to make them tingle like I did Mo. She had a great ass, and her boobs were small but very cute on her frame. She also was a natural blonde, although she shaved her blonde hair down below, even though I would have loved it if she didn't.

During my third summer of working with Mo, another girl began working with us, whose name was Alice. Alice had long dark black hair, and like Mo, she was cute and petite. However, Alice had larger breasts than Mo, and she was a bit more curvy, with an absolutely amazing ass. Alice would often smile at me, and she started to become a regular face in our crowd. Alice lived across the street from me, very close walking distance to the restaurant we both worked in. Alice had killer hazel-green eyes, that seemed like they pierced right through me.

During one night of drinking, Alice came up to me at the local bar that was our regular hangout and told me that she thought I was hot. However, Alice didn't stop there...she also told me that she knew I banged Mo, and that she thought Mo was so freaking hot. I really didn't think much of the remark at the time, and just figured Alice was drunk. However, for several nights after that Alice would go out of her way to tell me how attractive she thought Mo was.

I would often end up at Mo's house, late at night, and would sober up there before driving home for some quick sleep. One particular night, after a wild night of drunken sloppy sex with Mo, I drove home about 5:00 a.m., and slumped out of my car heading up the driveway to my house, when I saw the lights in Alice's house across the street turn on. Alice's door flew open, and she waved to me to come across the street, which I did. 

Alice asked if I had just been at Mo's, which I replied yes...she asked, "did you guy's just 'do it'?" 

Surprised by her question, I answered matter of factly "of course we did."

At which point, Alice grabbed me and kissed me passionately...."mmmmmm," she said, "I can taste her."

Alice pulled me inside her doorway, and slammed the door, pushing me up against the door. She grabbed at my belt, and opened my pants, dropping down to her knees she yanked at my now growing cock. "I just want to taste more of Mo," she quietly said, as she began to lick my cock. 

Before I could react, Alice had my entire cock in her mouth, and she began pulling off her clothes. "Rod, I want you to fuck me like you fuck Mo," Alice begged. Alice's awesome tits were in my face, and I knew there was no stopping myself. She was stripped down to reveal a blue thong, that was sort of just like a string down her ass. Alice stood up from her knees, bent over in front of me with her hands grasping a table near her front door, and began grinding her ass on my bulging dick.

"Slide it in me, please!" begged Alice, "I need to feel you inside me." 

Alice moaned to me about how good Mo tasted on me, and that she wanted me to fuck her, so she could taste both her and Mo. I literally tore her thong off, and rammed my large thick cock inside Alice. Alice was not fully shaved downstairs, but was neatly trimmed, and her brunette hair was different from Mo's clean shaven snatch. Alice came on my cock almost instantly, and began shaking violently as she banged me hard up against her door. Unlike Mo, Alice was mutli-orgasmic, and she came hard for what seemed a very long time. Several minutes later, I told Alice that I was getting close, and didn't want to come in her. Alice slid off my cock and grabbed my arm, pulling me into her bedroom. Alice threw me on her bed, and straddled across me, with her face in my crotch. She proceeded to suck on my until I came in her mouth, and she swallowed my load as she moaned loudly. After taking a little breather, we went at it three more times, as the morning wore on.

When It was time for me to leave, Alice said, "Every Time you fuck Mo, I want you to come here and fuck me after...don't clean up after you are done with Mo." 

Alice also made me promise that I would not mention this to Mo, as Alice said she felt funny about the situation. Hence, the next several weeks went by, and I banged Mo several times late at night, only to follow up by banging Alice into the morning. Eventually, I told Alice that I really wanted to tell Mo about what was going on....Alice still begged me not to say anything, so I remained quiet about the situation as the summer wore on.

Of course, keeping secrets is not easy. I had mentioned to a couple of my guy friends about what had been going on with Alice, and they could not believe it. They all wanted Alice, and they were jealous that I not only got to bang Mo, but also was tapping Alice. Before long, at a late night party, when I was leaving with Mo, my friend Lou drunkenly said something too loud about me and Alice, and Mo overheard it. When I got back to Mo's house, she asked, "Are you also sleeping with Alice?"

I was surprised by Mo's apparent concern about my sex with Alice, since we had both repeatedly made it clear to one another that we were free to see other people. I explained the situation to Mo, and noticed that she was blushing when I let her know that Alice thought she was hot. Mo sexually attacked me that night, and told me, "I have never been so turned on."

The story I told Mo about Alice made her so wet and hot, we proceeded to have the best sex that we had ever had. When we were finished, Mo begged me to call Alice from Mo's house, "Please tell Alice that I know...and tell her that I want her to taste me but not from your cock." 

I dialed Alice's number from Mo's phone, I could hear surprise in Alice's voice when she answered. I apologized to Alice, and said "The cat is out of the bag." 

The next thing I knew, Alice and Mo were on the phone, telling each other how they both wanted to share me, and each other. Alice told Mo to get in my car, and that we should both get our asses over to her house immediately. We sped all the way, and ran up Alice's driveway...she greeted up at the door naked, with her gorgeous tits and large erect nipples waiting eagerly for us. Alice kissed Mo passionately at the door, as she had the first time I was with Alice. Mo groaned loudly, and told Alice how beautiful her body looked. Alice grabbed at Mo's t-shirt and quickly undressed her, almost before I could even close the front door.

Watching Alice and Mo play with each other's naked bodies was the biggest turn on of my life. The two of them each made other climax quickly, as we all lay in Alice's bed naked together. Mo was so turned on to see Alice come so hard, Mo yelled, "Damn this girl is so fucking hot!."

Alice begged me to stroke my throbbing cock, as I continued to lay back and watched the two of them rub one another. Finally, Mo turned toward me, and put her mouth on my bulging member, as Alice licked her pussy. 

"I can't take it, this is so hot." Alice moaned.

"Fuck my pussy with that fat cock!" Alice pleaded.

I proceeded to fuck both of them hard and fast for so long. As I was fucking Mo, she shouted, "I love this fucking cock!" and Alice smiled broadly as Mo rode me. 

Alice was rubbing her clit wildly, as I pounded Mo harder. A little while later, I shot my load into both of their faces, and they kissed each other, licking my jizz off one-another. We all collapsed into Alice's bed, thrilled, beyond satisfied, and exhausted. Our three bodies all glistened with sweat, as I lay in between the two gorgeous women...it was the luckiest night of my life.

Both Alice and Mo promised that this was just round 1, and that we had the rest of the summer to all be together. It was the best summer of my life, and the remainder of the summer did not disappoint.