 I sincerely hope you read and enjoy my entry in the Summer Lovin' Contest of 2011. With each story I write, I look forward to your comments and reactions to my erotic stories. Your comments help me understand what is expected and desired by readers of Literotica. All of the characters in this story are over the age of eighteen. 

*

The summer of 2011 would be long remembered by the Williams family of New York City. Sam, Nancy, Marcy and Mark would enjoy a lifetime of fantasies in just one summer. This is their story, as told by each member of the family.

Sam:

We are just an average family of four, a happily married forty-something couple with twins, a boy and a girl. 

My wife, Nancy and I, planned this summer vacation as a high school graduation gift to our children, Marcy and Mark, who turned eighteen last month. We decided to rent a house in Cancun, Mexico, for the summer. 

Nancy and I were high school sweethearts and married shortly after we graduated. I'm a successful stock trader, and Nancy is a high school physical education teacher. We're both in good physical condition, and have made exercise a way of life for our entire family. We often take family bike rides and hikes as well as being involved with sporting activities year round.

We're so fortunate to have two great kids Mark is a fine, well-mannered young man, Marcy is a lot like her mother, a spitting image of her twenty years ago. 

A week after the twins' graduation, we left for Cancun. We have taken few vacations over the past twenty years, both busy with our careers. We chose summer to go as the kids had the entire summer free before starting college.

Stepping off the airplane, we were breathless as the hot, humid air consumed us. The terminal building in Cancun wasn't air conditioned so the process of going through customs and collecting baggage was excruciating. We were lucky it was a slow time at the airport and not many passengers were being processed. Going through customs still took a little time and then we were on our way to our summer home, after renting a car.

The airport was about twenty miles from the beach house, but I had thought ahead to bring my GPS from home. We couldn't wait to get to the house and begin our vacation. Marcy and Mark stared in awe as we passed through the hotel district with the massive hotels and long, sandy beaches lining the route. Our vacation home was just a kilometer outside of town, right on the beach.

We all piled out of the car, not wanting to take the time to even remove the luggage from the trunk as we raced for the front door, eager to see what was awaiting us. The house wasn't fancy but had everything we needed. 

The living room was very open with sliding doors facing the beach.. The home had a small, fully-stocked kitchen, two full bathrooms and three bedrooms. It wasn't large but none of us intended on spending a whole lot of time indoors anyway.

Mark and Marcy zipped outside, checking out the beach while Nancy and I finished touring the house.

"Hey kids, go get the luggage from the car before you do anything else," Nancy shouted from the doorway.

The twins ran back, retrieved the bags from the car, and brought them all into the house, each taking their own bags and claiming their rooms. Neither took time to unpack, they just grabbed the first bathing suits they could find. Mark threw on a pair of board shorts, Marcy put on her skimpy little white bikini.

"Young lady, you're not wearing that in public," I couldn't help saying.

"Leave her alone Sam, she's eighteen and we're on vacation," Nancy said as Marcy ignored me anyway.

"Wait until you see some of the bikinis I brought," Nancy said.

"You're going to wear bikinis? You never wear a bikini."

"Why not? I work hard for this body and I'm going to show it off too!"

"I can't wait to see you in them."

"Let's get unpacked."

Nancy and I unpacked, putting our clothes away before changing into our bathing suits, ready to explore the beach. Nancy stepped out of the bathroom, wearing a tiny red bikini, smaller than Marcy's. She turned around to reveal the g-string to me. 

"Damn, are you going to really wear that?"

"Absolutely! Does it look bad?"

"Hell no, you look fantastic! You've just never shown your ass in public before."

" Then enjoy the view." She shook her ass flirtatiously.

Nancy took my hand, and led me toward the beach, searching for two available chairs close to the water. Every eye on the beach focused on Nancy. She was sexy, beautiful and confidant as she strutted down the beach, her tits almost bouncing free from the tiny strips of material covering them, her hips swaying with each step, accentuating her gorgeous, tight ass. I was having a difficult time controlling the growing erection I was getting watching my sexy wife. She had never dressed like this in public, at least not since we had married twenty two years ago.

The twins were in the water, making new friends and surfing in the waves. Marcy had attracted attention from a group of college boys. Mark was showing off, no doubt trying to attract attention from the girls with his surfing ability.

"Aren't you worried about the kids seeing you wearing that? We'll have to keep a close eye on Marcy, I don't like the looks she's getting from those guys." 

"No, they're adults. After the initial shock of seeing my ass, they'll get over it. Your daughter will be fine, she's a big girl and can take care of herself."

We placed towels on chairs, claiming our spots as Nancy skipped into the water. I followed at a slower pace. Nancy's entry into the water drew the attention of the twins, who ditched their new friends and ran over.

"Mom, you're embarrassing us," Mark said, looking around to see if anyone else was staring.

"Don't talk that way to your mother" I shot him a warning look.

"You worry about you, I'm a big girl," Nancy said. "I'm on vacation and will do what I please so get away, go have your own fun." Nancy ignored the kids, wading deeper into the warm water.

"Mom, can I borrow one of your bikinis?" asked Marcy. She and her mom had almost identical bodies, they often borrowed clothes from each other.

"Sure, they're in the top drawer of the dresser in our bedroom."

Marcy skipped away briskly, toward the house. She emerged a few minutes later wearing one of her Mom's, pissing me off as she ran past, entering the water with a huge grin on her face. Every kid on the beach was staring at her as her firm tits bounced and her tight ass flexed as she ran. She was also wearing a g-string, her ass now totally exposed.

"Look what you've created." 

"I think it's cute."

"I give up."

"Good," Nancy said as her hand grazed against my cock. "I thought I asked you to loosen up."

"Hey, the kids will see."

"Nobody's watching."

That was just the beginning of the first day, frolicking and flirting with each other on the beach. Every chance Nancy had, she'd slide her hand into my shorts or flash a tit. I had never seen her act like this and was just hoping the kids wouldn't catch us in the act. 

Marcy moved down the beach and settled in with a group of college-age boys, some distance from us. Mark had moved the other way with a girl he'd met.

It was getting late, and the sun was setting. Nancy and I went back to the beach house to have a drink and relax on the deck. 

Mark:

Julie and I flirted all day, exchanging touches and hugs as we played in the water with the other kids. Julie was eighteen, a typical beach babe, blond, blue eyed, big tits and pretty. She wore a tiny yellow bikini and shook her tits to get my attention. She had her sights set on me, as I did her. We were immediately attracted to each other, separating from the rest of the group.

Julie and I searched for a secluded spot at the far end of the beach, looking for privacy. Our all-day flirting had come to a head. It was getting late and I was horny as hell. As we stood kissing in the dark, my hands fondled Julie's naked ass, as our tongues met in a passionate kiss. Her tiny, delicate fingers slid under the waistband of my shorts, finding my growing erection.

"I really like you." I was out of breath, anticipating how far she was willing to take this on the beach. 

"I like you too but I can't have sex with you, not now," Julie said.

As the words escaped her, she dropped to her knees, tugging my shorts down to my ankles, exposing my throbbing eight inch cock, twitching with each heartbeat. I stepped out of them as she wrapped her hands around my swollen cock, staring at it, sizing me up.

"Oh God, you have such a nice cock!" Her eyes scanned the length of my shaft, examining every inch.

Her fingers explored the length of my shaft. Her head moved toward my cock, I felt her hot breath. I shivered in anticipation, my cock twitched and throbbed. Her curled tongue touched the tip, tasting my salty discharge- a string of pre-cum glistened in the moonlight, trailing from the tip to her tongue. Her tongue traced the sensitive underside, circling the head, driving me mad with lust.

"I want your cum," she said, her words muffled as her mouth surrounded the head of my shaft.

She started sucking my cock, sliding up and down, slurping and gagging every so often as she forced my manhood deeper into her mouth, touching the back of her throat. One hand cupped my balls, the other stroked me as she rose and fell, her lips wrapped around my throbbing, swollen cock.

I guided her movements, my fingers tangled in her hair, pushing her head downward as she slurped, sucked and stroked me. I was losing control, unable to fight off the impending eruption. My cock swelled, jerked and twitched as I exploded , surprising and gagging Julie. She swallowed, then gagged, unable to keep up with the volume, cum oozed from the corners of her mouth. Each forceful blast gagged her as the hot, salty semen hit the back of her throat.

Cum glistened in the moonlight as it coated Julie's face, neck and chest. She did her best to consume as much as she could but I came so much, she just couldn't keep up, still gagging and gargling on gooey semen as load after load shot into her mouth. I grunted quietly, trying not to alert anyone else on the beach of our actions. Cum oozed into her mouth as my orgasm subsided, she hungrily consumed it, smearing what had escaped her mouth with her hand as she purred in content. 

As I softened, she released my cock from her mouth, looking into my eyes as she licked her lips, her hands smearing cum over her neck and chest.

"Mmm, that was so good. Maybe tomorrow it'll be my turn, I never fuck on the first date." 

I could hardly reply as my knees buckled. "Fuck yes."

Julie stood and we kissed, my salty taste on her lips. We made plans to meet the next morning and spend the day together on the beach, expecting the next night to be even hotter.

Mom and Dad were already sleeping, exhausted from the first day of vacation. I entered the house quietly, moments later, making my way to my room, noticing Marcy was still out, her bed still made. I never gave it a second thought, went to bed, tired and satisfied.

Marcy:

I never had a steady boyfriend in high school, was always busy with activities and sports. I did get some attention from the boys but just never had time to pursue a relationship.

I made a lot of friends that first day and was off drinking with two guys I'd met on the beach. I couldn't remember their names, I was pretty loaded. I had just about reached my limit and was ready to go home for the night. The two guys I was dancing and partying with had other plans.

"Come back to our hotel with us," one of the guys said.

"I don't know, it's getting late."

"Oh, come on, it's not that late. We'll get a taxi," said the other guy. 

I didn't say anything, just followed them out of the club and got into a taxi. We all slid into the back seat as one of the guys gave the address of their hotel to the driver, speaking perfect Spanish. It was a short ride to the hotel, but those boys didn't waste any time getting to know me. They were touching, kissing and fondling me as soon as the cab started moving, each of them playing with my tits.

The second we got out of the cab, they shuffled me to their room, scurrying down hallways. Upon closing the door, the men were all over me, one kissing me, the other behind me, cupping my tits. Within a few minutes I was standing naked between them, their erections rubbing and grinding against me. Everything happened so fast that I had no time to react or reject their advances.

"Hey guys, go easy. I haven't been with many guys, and never two at once. I hope you have condoms." My mind raced, worrying about my safety. I was excited, horny, and flattered that these two hunks wanted to share me.

One of the guys had a very large cock, it must have been nine fat inches long, or more. The other man was average in size, rock hard and twitching in anticipation. These boys were like jackals attacking their prey, panting, ravaging me.

If I hadn't been so drunk, I never would have even considered doing something like this. I'm sure I would never had gotten into the taxi with them sober. This was way beyond my comfort level, but I was aroused, uninhibited. 

The guy with the smaller cock sat on the floor, his face buried in my pussy, the other man kissed me passionately, his huge cock bobbing against my stomach. I was amazed and intrigued by the size of his cock. I wrapped my hands around the thick shaft, stroking it, feeling the veins protruding as it throbbed. It was so thick it took both hands to manipulate it. I hardly noticed the man's tongue darting in and out of my pussy, I had total focus on that big stick my hands were wrapped around.

I was losing focus on the big cock, becoming more aroused by the man between my legs.

"Fuck me with that big cock," I moaned. "Please be careful though."

The man sitting stood up, my guy with the monster cock carried me in his arms to the bedroom. He sat me on the edge of the bed, intending to sink his cock into me as he tore open a condom. I had other thoughts, dropping to my knees, stretching my lips around his fat cock, reaching with my free hand to stroke the other man's eager erection. My lips had to stretch around the head of his cock. It was larger than any I'd seen before.

. As I struggled to suck it, I couldn't wait to feel this monster squeeze into my pussy. I tried to satisfy the guy but just couldn't do it justice, it was too damn big for my small mouth.

I gave up, releasing both cocks, sliding up onto the bed, motioning for the men to join me, curling my index fingers. I was ready, slipping the condom over his big cock. The other guy stood next to the bed, I turned my head, engulfing the smaller cock, my nose buried in his pubic hair. Big boy was sliding up between her legs, stopping to suck each nipple, inserting his fingers into my already moist pussy. I gasped , almost unable to breathe in anticipation of his huge cock.

He stopped sucking my tits, sliding up onto me, I felt the huge head of his cock rest against my labia, parting the moist folds of my cunt, I twitched in anticipation, the head already filling me. 

He arched upward, guiding his massive meat into me with his hand, easing in as I shuddered in an immediate orgasm. My pussy was stretched to the point of hurting. He had only the head of his cock in me when I came the first time, I guess it's natures way of lubricating for the big one. I yelped as he slid it in, about halfway, then started working it slowly in and out a little further each attempt. His cock was larger than anything I'd ever had, stretching my pussy, hurting me, but in a good way. 

I couldn't breathe, unable to suck the other cock, but stroked him vigorously, squeezing his cock hard as my pussy consumed the huge cock. I felt like I was holding on for dear life! 

I was full of cock, unable to take it all, he was touching and pushing against my inner walls, almost lifting me off the bed. It was painful having him try to force himself all the way into me, I just couldn't take it.

"Easy, That's all I can take. You're going to kill me with that fucking thing!" He complied and started moving in easy thrusts.

His pace quickened as his mast slid in and out, filling me completely, my pussy stretched around it. I kept stroking the other cock at a feverish pace, sensing the other man was about to cum, his cock swelling and twitching. I turned, reaching to stuff his cock into my mouth just before he exploded. 

His cock swelled, erupted and gagged me. His hot sticky semen flowed from my mouth as I plunged onto his cock, milking him with my hand, slamming up and down. His cock shot another load as he grunted, almost a growl, pulling me into him by the hair, not allowing me to back off, my nose pressing into his pubic hair. I gagged, choked and kept milking him as he exploded, more cum then I expected . He just kept shooting load after load, forcing himself deeper, slamming into the back of my throat. I gargled, trying to catch a breath between eruptions.

The other man's pace quickened, his balls slapped my ass, and he tensed. The veins in his neck tightened as he roared and erupted, filling the condom. His cock swelled to the point I thought I'd tear, but he continued to expand and punish my pussy, pounding in and out as he erupted. I felt each spurt of semen as it swelled his shaft, dumping into the condom.

I screamed in orgasm again, my thrusts in time with his. His cock throbbed each time he released, expanding the condom like a balloon with each spurt. When he finished cumming his cock softened, still filling my my pussy.

I had cum all over my face, neck and hair from one man, my pussy raw from the other. As he withdrew, I gasped, my pussy now a gaping hole, his condom peeled off as he withdrew, leaking his hot gooey semen onto my thighs. 

Both men stepped away, thanking me as I lay exhausted on the bed.

"I hope we'll see you again," one man said as we dressed.

"We'll see. Call me a taxi, please."

I returned to the beach house, sneaking in, as everyone was sleeping. I climbed into bed wondering if everyone else had a day as wild as mine. I was sore from the pounding the boys gave me but quickly fell asleep with a smile on my face.

Sam:

It took a few weeks for things to get spicy for Nancy and me. Nancy's bikinis were attracting attention from every red-blooded male in sight, I was getting a little attention myself, so Nancy said.. We had never explored sexual fantasies outside of our marriage but this summer would prove interesting.

One day I couldn't take it anymore. Nancy had teased me all day and had even removed her top.

"Let's go fuck!" My balls were aching.

"Already? It's early."

"Hey, I'm horny now. We can fuck later too."

Nancy stood, topless, and jogged back to the beach house. It looked like the scene from the movie 10. Her tits bounced up and down, drawing the attention of everyone on the beach, including the kids. 

Mark:

I approached Marcy. "What the fuck was that?"

"Wanna go see?" Marcy asked, wide-eyed and curious.

"That would be weird. Can I bring Julie?"

"Sure, but be quiet, we don't want them to know we're there."

I hurried back to Julie and gave her the details. Marcy, Julie and I slowly walked toward the beach house, giving our parents time to settle in, knowing an interesting scenario probably awaited us.

"I had no idea Mom had such a hot body," I said.

"You fucking pervert," Marcy said.

"I think they're hot." Julie raised her eyebrows. After all, they weren't her parents.

The master bedroom was in the back of the house, but we weren't sure what was going on so we approached the house quietly, sneaking into the living room. We entered the house, noticing Dad's bathing suit on the floor. Sounds were coming from the back bedroom.
