 Note:  This story is mostly true, with just a little bit of embellishment.  Enjoy! 

*

"Why aren't you having sex with Trevor?" asked Jen during lunch with her best friend. "If I had a housemate who was: a good looking guy, with a big cock, knew how to use it and liked to eat pussy .... I'd be fucking him two to three times a week. Maybe even two to three times a day on the weekends!"

"You're such a slut!" replied Tina, laughing. "Believe me I've thought about it ever since I broke up with Steve two months ago. I see Trevor naked a lot. He's a nudist and doesn't wear clothes around the house in the summer. His cock is out there for me to see all the time. After two months with no cock, other than my plastic one, I need a good fucking by a hot, hard, throbbing, stiff piece of man-meat. But if I start having sex with Trevor I'm afraid it might ruin a good friendship. I'm also concerned I may become a slut again; like I was in college -- having sex on a daily basis with several different guys, and sometimes girls, including you. I'm lucky I didn't get some kind of STD from all that sex. Jen, even you thought I was a slut and too easy back then." 

Tina paused, took a deep breath, then continued: "When I see Trevor semi-engorged, I get wet just thinking about how good it would feel to have his big cock sliding in and out of my pussy. When that happens, I go in my room and jill myself off thinking about him. That's as close as I've come to fucking him."

"Sometimes you can't see the forest for the trees, Tina!" cried Jen, "I'll bet he'd love to have sex with you. I don't know why the two of you can't be 'friends with benefits'. You're more mature now. You've had several stable relationships. You could handle it with out becoming a slut; fucking everything that moves like you did before. Just fuck him, not all his friends, until the next boyfriend comes along. Who knows, it might even be Trevor!" 

"I don't know." replied Tina. She turned her head slightly and stared out the window for a minute or two then said, "Maybe you are right. Maybe I can handle it better now."

"Why don't you invite me to your house so I can meet him?" said Jen

"So you can meet him?" Tina asked and paused before continuing, "Yea right! You just want to fuck him! You are such a cockslut sometimes!"

"And you're not? Like last night when you let that guy feel you up in the dark corner of the bar? That wasn't slutty?" asked Jen

"Well okay, it was." Tina agreed, "But I got all horny from the weed we smoked in your car before we went in and my nipples needed some attention. If you really want to fuck my housemate, I mean meet him; why not come over after work tomorrow? It's Friday and you can stay over if you like." 

"I can do that!" Jen responded, a little too enthusiastically.

Tina, "I'll let him know you're coming." 

"Oh I'll cum all right," said Jen, "all over his big cock with you watching! You know how kinky I get sometimes. Even though it was years ago, I still remember that guy we had a threesome with in the dorm when you sucked on my nipples while I was riding him and I licked your pussy while you were getting fucked." As her thoughts drifted back to that time, secretly Jen wondered: 'Maybe this weekend will be another one like that.'

Ignoring Jen's last remark, Tina asked: "What time do you think you'll get there?"

"Probably around 5:30 or so, and he doesn't have to wear clothes on my account." answered Jen. "You know I'm an exhibitionist and enjoy nudity too. You guys live in the country. No one will see."

"Then I'll be the only one dressed?" asked Tina not sure of how she felt about watching Jen with Trevor; but secretly knowing it would turn her on to see this big, slick cock slide in and out of Jen's cunt. Secretly knowing her bisexual side would drive her to participate; to lick and be licked while enjoying acts of carnal pleasure. 

"Suit yourself." said Jen.

--------------------------------------

The next day while eating breakfast Tina watched her housemate, Trevor, fix something to eat for himself. Naked as usual, when he moved around the kitchen Trevor's big cock, even though flaccid, swayed to and fro in an inviting manner. Tina thought back to the conversation with Jen ... when she admitted to her friend, and herself, that she would really liked to have him fuck her with that big cock of his. She imagined how good it would feel to ride him to ecstasy and felt a small tingle between her legs as her nipples began to push her blouse out.

"Trevor, do you remember me talking about my friend Jen?" asked Tina pushing her chest out a little so he could see her excited state.

"I think so." replied Trevor turning around quickly (which he did purposely so his big cock slapped against his thigh) to face Tina. He saw her nipples standing out and smiled inwardly to himself. "Is she the one you went out with the other night? The one you said I would like because she has big boobs and trims her pussy similar to how I manscape?"

"Yes. That's the one." answered Tina "She's coming over after work today for a drink with us. Will you be home?"

"I should be." Responded Trevor "I'm playing golf with a client at 1:00 so I should be back here around 5:00."

"Good" said Tina, "Jen wants to meet you after hearing me talk about you."

"Uh oh! What did you tell her?" asked Trevor feigning concern as he broke into a smile. "So she knows I'm a nudist then?"

"Yes, and she told me she is too so you don't have to worry about being dressed when she gets here; which will be around 5:30. In fact, she's planning to be nude too. She said she's looking forward to hanging out naked somewhere other than at a nude beach." answered Tina.

"Okay, I can handle that." responded Trevor. "Are you going to be the only one dressed?" he asked.

"We've discussed this before." Tina responded in a somewhat huffy manner. "I don't mind your nudity and I'm slowing warming to the idea of practicing nudism with you. We'll see." Tina responded. 

While driving to work Tina's thoughts vacillated from being nude with them ... to ... maybe joining in the sex she knew would happen between the two of them and exploring her bi side ... then back to staying dressed and leaving when they started to get it on. She thought about Jen's comment that she could have sex with her housemate without becoming a complete slut again. What did Jen call it? Oh yea, 'Friends with benefits'. Maybe she could handle that without becoming attached to him. She was sure Trevor could handle a FWB relationship based on the number of times he had overnight guests.

Without realizing it, she had already made the decision and crossed a line with her thoughts as she drove down the freeway. In her mind she pictured Trevor's big, hard cock and how good it would feel filling her up. She could feel her pussy start to tingle giving away how she really felt. Pulling into the parking lot at work she confirmed the decision she wasn't really aware she had made while driving; tonight she would get naked and fuck Trevor and maybe even have a threesome with him and Jen. Once she made that decision, she felt as if a huge weight was off her shoulders. She couldn't wait to get home at the end of the day.

-------------------------------------------------

Trevor finished the last of his scotch at the 19th hole and wished his client a good weekend. It had been a good round of golf. Not just the way the two of them hit the ball, but Trevor picked up a new project from the client that would keep him working at a good rate for the next few months. As he drove home, he was on an emotional high. He just landed a new project and in a short while Tina's buxom friend Jen would be on his deck with no clothes on. His cock started to swell at the thought.

Trevor exited the shower with his big cock nearly fully erect. He had been fantasizing about Jen bouncing up and down on his lap while Tina watched. The bathroom was totally steamed up so he grabbed his towel and headed to the living room to dry and cool off under the ceiling fan. Just then Tina walked in.

She was used to seeing him naked and had seen him fan himself with a towel before to cool off after a shower but she had never seen his cock so engorged. "It really is gorgeous." was her first thought; and "I'm going to get fucked by it tonight was her second." She just stood and stared as desire built up in her loins and her pussy started to lubricate itself.

Seeing Tina stare at him, Trevor knew what was happening but made no move to cover himself. Instead, he subtly pushed his hips forward as he dried off to make sure his cock was in full view for her. After waiting a few seconds to make sure she had an eyeful, he said, "Glad you're home. How was work?"

Tina was a little dumbfounded at that particular question since she spent nearly the entire day thinking about how good his substantial cock would feel filling her pussy. She couldn't just blurt out that she was horny as hell and seeing his beautiful cock was making her wet, but she felt she should say something in response. After what seemed an eternity to her, but was really just a few seconds, she replied: "Work was just the same old BS. I'm really glad it's Friday and looking forward to a few drinks on the deck with you and Jen."

"Why don't you change and I'll get us each a glass of wine." Trevor said as he continued fanning himself with the towel which caused his cock to enticingly sway to and fro.

"Great idea! Meet you on the deck in a minute." Tina responded and walked to her room with a residual image of Trevor burned in her brain. She removed her work clothes and stood in front of the mirror admiring her generous breasts, large areola and thick nipples. She imagined Trevor was in front of her and hefted them up. She bent her head and licked one long, stiff nipple then the other pretending it was Trevor's tongue and not hers. 

She was looking forward to this evening but didn't want to seem too excited; even though she was. She put on a tank top that was a little small to attract attention to her tits and a pair of tight, gray cotton gym shorts. She looked in the mirror again and was pleased with how her tits were clearly on display, her extended nipples pushed at the fabric, her sexy thighs were exposed and the tight shorts showed a bit of a camel toe. She wasn't naked, but nothing was really hidden. A good 'interim step' she rationalized to herself.

As she came out the back door to the deck, Trevor was already seated on the small couch with two glasses of wine on the table. Tina made sure that as she walked towards him, her hips and breasts swayed enticingly.

"Wow!" said Trevor taking in the lovely, sexy sight before him. "You are one hot babe!" As he patted the place beside him on the couch he continued, "Have a seat and let's get the weekend started."

Tina sat down and they clinked glasses to officially start the weekend, engaging in idle chatter about her work and his golf game. As they sat, Tina made sure her thigh was pressed against his and her chest thrust out so her Hershey Kiss sized nipples could not be missed. 

Trevor took advantage of this; slowly caressing the top of her smooth, creamy thigh with his fingers. As they continued to sip the wine he let his fingers wander to the inside of her thigh and every once in a while move high enough to lightly touch her camel toe. Tina was enjoying the sensation of his caresses and could feel herself getting wet in anticipation of what was to come. Unconsciously she spread her legs just a little to encourage his fingers towards her increasingly juicy pussy.

---------------------------------------------

The traffic was usually heavy coming out of the city on Friday nights and this Friday was no different. Jen whiled away the time with thoughts of how wonderful it would feel in just a few minutes when she got to Trevor and Tina's to hang out naked. As she approached the exit that would take her into the country, her hand wandered between her legs. She took her bra and panties off before leaving work and with no other cars around could now play with her pussy as she drove. The smooth skin surrounding her cunt was moist with excitement. She twirled the long pussy hair remaining above her slit, letting one finger brush lightly against her aroused clit. "Oh that feels good." She said to herself. I can't wait to have his tongue there and then his big cock. She pushed one finger into her juicy pussy to get some lubrication and continued to massage the now engorged nubbin. With each pass over or around her clit she could feel a pleasant tingle of passion spread throughout her body. Her nipples began to tighten and stand up, pushing out the fabric of her blouse. 

She pushed her finger into her cunt again and was rewarded with another helping of pussy juice which she smeared over her now standing clit. As she did so she shook her tits, causing her nipples to brush against the coarse fabric of her blouse sending more tingles all over and resulting in her nipples standing out long and stiff. She continued massaging her clit and the jolts of passion accelerated; bringing her close to an orgasm. Just as she was about to cum, she saw the mailbox at the end of Trevor's drive.

Reluctantly she put both hands on the wheel and pulled into the long driveway. She looked around to be sure no one could see her from the country road, got out of the car, stripped off her clothes then proceeded with excitement to the back of the house. She fluffed her trimmed pussy hair so it stood out and didn't hide her swollen labia and erect clit. Trevor would have no problem figuring out what she wanted.

As Jen, naked except for sandals, came around the house to the deck, she saw Trevor and Tina sitting together, close together and sipping wine. As she took in the situation she noticed several things that her mind processed in an instant: the deck was raised and had four or five steps up to it, Trevor's hand was between Tina's legs, Trevor did have a big cock as Tina had said and Tina was getting aroused as evidenced by her long, stiff nipples and a small wet spot forming where Trevor's fingers lightly caressed her camel toe through her shorts.

Jen used the motion needed to climb the steps up to the deck to bounce her large breasts for both Trevor and Tina to see. She wanted, no needed, both of them to suck her puckered nipples before the night was out. As she mounted the last step she stopped and struck a pose like a runway model.

Tina was the first to greet Jen as she stood up and called out, "Hey girlfriend! Welcome to the 'deck of iniquity'. That's quite a picture you're presenting for us." Tina moved across the deck and gave her friend a peck on the cheek and a hug that lasted a little longer than necessary.

Trevor was right behind her.

"Jen meet Trevor ... my well endowed housemate. Trevor meet Jen ... my sometimes slutty friend." Tina said introducing them; all the while holding back a case of the giggles.

"I want one of those hugs too." called out Trevor as he strode forward towards Jen with his arms outstretched and his cock bobbing to and fro. The two embraced, their nude bodies pressing together. Trevor could feel Jen's hard nipples and Jen could feel his cock brush the line of girl fur above her pussy. Trevor moved to kiss her cheek, but Jen turned her head to him so their lips met. Trevor pulled her tightly to him while his hands caressed her ass. The two stood there making out while Tina watched -- not surprised -- but feeling left out.

When they finally pulled apart Jen said, "Well hello Trevor. That was the best greeting I've had all day."

"Me too." replied Trevor excitedly. "In fact, so good that I want another." He pulled her to him and they continued making out. However this time Trevor's hand went to Jen's large breast and gently rolled her stiff nipple between his fingers while Jen caressed his cock.

Tina stood just a few feet away. She could see Trevor's cock grow longer and thicker as Jen caressed it. She could see Jen's nipples stand out and stiffen from his touch. She longed to be Jen right now and pinched her thick, extended nipple through her top. Her other hand was in her shorts, parting her nether lips as she explored her juicy, swollen pussy lips. She dragged her fingers slowly upward and used the moisture of her pussy juice to lubricate her clit. She slowly circled it and felt it begin to grow. Trevor had ever seen Tina nude. She was confident he would be pleasantly surprised when he saw the size of her juicy, meaty clit. She continued to slide her fingers between her pussy lips so one went on each side of her now engorged and sensitive clit. She moaned softly as she continued to massage her love button.

Tina was visually and physically stimulated. Her thoughts going back to her resolve this morning to fuck both of her sexually adventuresome friends. She moaned again as her fingers passed on each side of her big clit.

Jen whimpered into Trevor's mouth as the sensations from her responsive nipples sent waves of pleasure throughout her body. As she caressed Trevor's cock she found it was bigger than she imagined; her hand wouldn't fit around it! She felt moisture at the tip and wetted her finger with his pre-cum, then suspending their kiss, licked her fingers clean. "Oh you taste good." she said to Trevor, but purposely loud enough for Tina to hear. "I'm going to enjoy sucking your big, hard, juicy cock."

Jen's hand returned to the place just below their waistlines and slid her fingers into her pussy. She was wet in the car before she got there and the thought of his big cock filling her pussy along with the stimulation he gave her nipples made her pussy as moist as a monsoon. She pulled her damp fingers out and presented them to Trevor who promptly licked them clean.

"Tasty, very tasty!" Trevor announced. "I can't wait to taste more when I fuck you with my tongue and you cum all over my face."

"Oh baby that sounds so nice." Jen replied as she dipped her fingers into her honey pot again. "Here, have another taste."

As Trevor finished licking the pussy juice off Jen's fingers Tina, almost so quietly that no one heard, asked, "What about me? I want some too. Don't I get a taste?"

Jen and Trevor pulled apart slightly, a bit surprised that Tina, however timidly, expressed an interest in joining in. Trevor slid his hand down off Jen's breast and into her soggy pussy while saying, "She's really wet Tina. I think there's plenty to go around." He slowly slid his fingers in and out of Jen's pussy while massaging her clit with his thumb. As Tina watched his hand, Jen let out a sigh of pleasure. Then Trevor offered his shiny fingers to Tina.

Knowing that she was crossing a line that would be hard to retreat from, but remembering her earlier resolve, Tina licked Jen's pussy juice off Trevor's fingers in a very sensuous manner like she was licking a popsicle. "Yum! It is good! Almost as tasty as my own pussy juice. Now I want to taste some of yours Trevor."

"Let me do the honors." said Jen. She milked some pre-cum from Trevor's cock and once again Tina's tongue licked the proffered fingers sensuously.

"Give her a little more." suggested Trevor. "Tina do you want some more?"

"Oh yeah! Your cum is nice and sweet." said Tina.

Jen milked Trevor again but this time when it came time for Tina to lick his pre-cum from Jen's fingers, Trevor leaned in and licked with Tina. Trevor continued his licking until he met Tina's lips, then pulled her into a hug and kissed her.

This was a first for both of them and as the seconds ticked away they each got more and more into it; now fully french kissing with their arms around each other. Trevor let his hands wander down Tina's back, into her shorts and cupped her ass cheeks. Tina responded by caressing his cock. They moaned into each other as months of pent up lust boiled to the surface. They both needed more of each other.
