 My girlfriend Jane and I had been dating for a year or so. Our sex life was pretty solid and, even though we didn't set any records, we were at it four or five times a week. Jane is pretty straight-laced as far as it goes. She isn't afraid to be kinky and likes to be "helpless" sometimes. She gives masterful blowjobs and always at least tries to swallow, though there are times when I've been given the special treat of watching it spurt onto her outstretched tongue. The sight of my beautiful girl waiting, mouth agape, for a load of sticky cum is downright heavenly. 

Me, I'm the kinky half of the duo. I've been watching porn and reading dirty letters since long before I was old enough to buy them. I can't tell you how many fantasies I have nurtured right to the threshold of obsession, the hottest of which being to share my girl with another man. 

Yeah, I'd love to wind up sandwiched between her and some other woman (who wouldn't?) but there was always something about watching her take another guy's cock that sends blood straight to my loins. My fantasies would vary. Sometimes, I would share Jane with a close friend, other times with one of her former lovers. Often, I would imagine some handsome stranger, met in a bar or on the road, who would ultimately fuck my beautiful Jane to screaming fits right before my eyes. 

I would watch her take on one man, two men, even three or four men, and sometimes I would join in and direct the whole show. One of my most powerful fantasies was to be held or tied down and "forced" to watch my beautiful Jane take on two hung black men. Something about seeing a dark, shiny black dick sliding between my Jane's cute little cheeks nearly makes me cum in my pants.

We'd discussed these fantasies, of course, but Jane never seemed really interested in most of them and was adamantly against others. And so the sad truth remains that the devil himself would be buying earmuffs long before I ever got to sample two women at the same time...damn it...and so it was with sharing my beloved Jane with another man...or so I thought. Like most men, I found some measure of "safety" in bringing up my fantasies in mid-fuck. Things I wouldn't dare utter in the light of day came pouring out of me in the bedroom. 

Most often, Jane would let me talk myself right into cumming all over both of us and then politely tell me that she wasn't interested in sex with anyone else. Occasionally, however, she would react quite differently. I'm certain I've noticed that her breathing would speed up when I mentioned some well-hung stud stretching her tight, hairless little pussy, doggy style, while I plunged my cock into her mouth, and I know she was wet instantly when I told her of my desire to kneel behind her and caress her beautiful breasts as she swirled her tongue to catch the last drops of a stranger's huge load. 

All I wanted in the world was to feel and hear a stifled moan, and to feel her teeth gently clamp down on my cock while some guy sank his big rod into her. It soon commanded my thoughts both in and out of the bedroom and, believe me, it's terribly inconvenient to have to run to the bathroom at work and jerk off, just to make your Johnson go away for a while.

Before long, Jane began to resent my fantasies. She would just shut down and go instantly cold at the mention of a threesome. More than once, she asked me if I didn't love her anymore, or if she didn't satisfy me because I wanted so badly to bring someone else into our bed. Do all women think this way? It took months to bring her to realize that it was because I loved her that I yearned to see her, to help her, achieve total overwhelming sexual stimulation. I had done my homework. I had quizzed other women and with few exceptions, they would tell me they got wet just thinking about their husbands sharing them with another guy, so why didn't Jane? She sure wasn't any prude. 

Well, it seemed to upset her enough that, for the sake of peace in the household, I stopped talking about it. Of course, I couldn't erase my thoughts, I just kept them from Jane and I fantasized in my own kinky little world. Until one day....

Steve, a longtime friend of mine, who lived several hours from us, called to say he was going to be in the area for a few days, the next month, and asked if I could pick him up at the airport and drive him to a hotel nearby. Naturally I offered him the guest room, as Jane and I both have had friends stay for days or weeks at a time, and neither of us has ever believed in spending $100 a night if you don't have to. Being the ever-gracious friend he was, he asked if Jane would mind him sleeping in our house. I assured him she would have no problem with it and jokingly added that he should avoid leaving the seat up not leave the door open while he pees, just in case. I had expected a laugh. It was when he said, "Maybe I should. Maybe we can get her horny enough to fuck both of us" that I lost all control. 

My self-imposed promise not to mention threesomes long forgotten, I soon began subtly mentioning Steve frequently, under the guise of being excited to see my friend again. Truth be told, I was excited but we guys don't have to talk about it like that. What I really wanted was to gauge her thoughts on Steve. She'd seen his picture and had even commented on his good looks, but had never met him. I hoped and prayed they would not hate each other. In the coming weeks, I had talked about Steve quite a lot and had even gotten Jane to admit that she'd have been interested in him if they'd met before she met me. BINGO! 

Interestingly enough, that very night Jane was horny. At the time I was afraid to speculate, so I chalked it up to a timing coincidence. I decided to roll the dice anyway, though, and tried to find a way to squeeze Steve's name in while we were having sex. I waited until we were past the point of turnoff. Jane loves to be licked and cums harder with my tongue in her than she ever has with fingers, toys or even a cock. She can be quite violent, she nearly smothered me once, and is very, very vocal. This was my chance. 

Cleverly, I thought, I waited until she was near cumming and stopped, climbing quickly up to tease her small clit with the head of my cock. I grinned playfully and said "We'll have to be careful next week, it'd be pretty embarrassing if Steve...." AAAAUURRRGGGHHH! I'd never in my life seen a woman convulse like that. In fact, it scared me at first. I thought I'd hurt her somehow. Then I realized what had just happened. At the mention of my friend's...I'm sorry, my handsome friend's...name, my Jane came harder and faster than she ever had before. The bed was soaked. I was soaked. She was soaked, and all I had done was mention his name. Iiinteresting. Jane got very quiet then. I knew right away she was feeling guilty. If only she knew how happy I was.

Jane was pretty timid the next day or so, avoiding my eyes whenever she could. Naturally, I pounced on the situation without mercy. I told Jane plainly how much it turned me on to see her cum, and how much I wanted to see her cum like that with another man's cock inside her. Then I brought out the big guns. I told Jane about Steve's comment on the phone. I thought I had just ended our relationship. Jane's jaw dropped and her face reddened instantly. I felt horrible. I was convinced that I'd just crossed the line and had ruined both our relationship and any chance of her friendship with Steve in one swift sentence. My heart skipped a beat, however when Jane said simply "we'll see."

We'll see? Fuck! That was a good as a "Yes, make him fuck me right now!" in my book. After better than a year of fantasizing, about watching my beautiful Jane take another cock, I finally stood a chance of actually getting my wish. For the next three days, I jerked off constantly. I jerked off before work, after work, before bed, in the middle of the night, in the shower, out of the shower, even in the car. I couldn't stop thinking about how it would look and feel to see Jane giving her body to Steve. I finally had to stop because I was too sore. I'd literally rubbed myself red.

Jane, however, gave every appearance of having forgotten the conversation altogether. WTF? Had she been teasing me? Did she change her mind? Was my greatest dream over before it started?

Finally, the day arrived. Jane could not take a day off, so I picked Steve up at the airport by myself. We talked about old times, people we knew, and before we knew it, Jane. Well, at least Steve wanted it. I told Steve everything. He was excited to hear that Jane had cum so hard but, like me, he was disappointed to hear that her mood had changed so abruptly. Steve and I were like a couple of kids thrown out of a candy store. Still, we figured, if she could get horny once, maybe we could make her horny again. We immediately set our minds to trying everything we could try to convince Jane to fuck both of us, without ruining the rest of the trip...or my relationship for that matter.

Steve and I stopped at a drug store and bought condoms and unscented baby oil, which we planned to use on Jane if we got half a chance. Thankfully we were near the airport, because we got some very strange looks from the cute blonde at the register. When we got to the house, Steve put his luggage upstairs and we settled in to watch some TV before Jane came home from work. Neither of us felt like cooking, so I had planned to take the two of them out for dinner. Realizing he was road-ripe, Steve headed for the shower. A moment or two later, Jane came home from work.

As she came in the door, Jane asked if Steve had arrived. I gave her a hug and she kissed me passionately, then held on to me for quite some time, gently rocking back and forth as if to some un-heard love song. Sore or not, my Johnson pressed against my zipper. Nothing gets by Jane. She looked reproachfully at me and said "still thinking about it, Bob?" I reluctantly admitted that I was, my head sinking unintentionally. There's something to be said for unintentional head sinking, evidently. Jane's look softened to one of sympathy. Softly, she held my face in her hands and told me she wasn't sure she could handle sex with anyone she didn't love, but that she had worn special panties (my favorite black thong) and had shaved just in case. I wasn't sure how to feel. I told Jane that Steve was in the shower and that maybe she could take a peek through the keyhole (we live in an old house and all the doors have skeleton keyholes in them.) 

Jane grinned mischievously and tiptoed to the bathroom door. Steve was still in the shower, so Jane would have to wait until he stepped out to see anything. A few minutes later, I heard the water stop and the shower doors slide open. A moment later, Jane came running down the hall, one hand over her open mouth. When she reached me, she looked like she was going to burst. "Did you know how big he is?" she asked me, still covering her mouth. Steve and I had been friends for years and had gone to school together. Of course we'd measured ourselves before, but I'd only seen his cock soft. At the time, it wasn't much different than mine. Jane told me that she'd seen Steve stepping out of the shower and that his dick had been no less than seven inches, flaccid. She said it wasn't overly thick, she thought mine was thicker, but that she'd bet it was twice as long when hard. "Thanks," I said, trying my best to look hurt. I wanted to cum right there.

Dinner went well, and Steve and Jane seemed to hit it off. When we came home, however, things started to heat up. We all sat on the couch to watch some TV. I told Jane she looked "tense" and suggested that she needed a backrub. She gave me an "I know what you're up to" look, but before she could say anything, Steve said "Oh, here, let me," and began to systematically squeeze and rub her shoulders. Jane's eyes widened and she seemed to want to be anywhere but there, but she soon relaxed under Steve's firm touch. Steve was smart. He was giving her the "therapeutic" massage, a strong, sterile type of massage, not the overly intimate kind that would certainly have drawn a halt from Jane. Damn, why hadn't I thought of that?

It wasn't long before Jane was actually leaning back on Steve and directing him to new parts of her back and shoulders. I sat back and watched, my granite-hard cock straining against my jeans, hoping this would go somewhere. Steve then told Jane that he was having trouble reaching everything, as her long-sleeved shirt was in the way. Before Jane could answer, Steve's hands were in front of her, slowly and gingerly opening her shirt buttons. Once, I saw Steve "accidentally" drag his palm across Jane's breast as he opened the front of her shirt. In the time it took for the wet spot on my jeans to reach the size of a dime, Jane's nipple seemingly sprung from her breast, giving the appearance that her bra had its own nipple. Jane's got nice tits, too big for a 36C but too small for a D. Her areola are the size of a 50-cent piece and a beautiful medium brown. I could have sworn I saw a look of real pain on Steve's face. Jane sighed ever so softly and then actually looked around to see if anyone had noticed. We had.

Steve made up some story about being uncomfortable and asked Jane to sit between his legs, so he didn't have to twist his body. If she didn't know he wanted rub the head of his cock on her lower back and plump, solid ass, she should have. Jane complied. She seemed to be without a will of her own, I thought. Steve resumed his massage, leaning Jane's back against his chest, and her wonderful ass squarely against his dick, I thought. I could feel the pre-cum flowing through my boxers. Steve pulled Jane's shirt down over her shoulders, exposing her bra straps, and continued to rub her shoulders, upper arms and back. Without warning, he pushed his hands gently over Jane's shoulders and down her chest...cupping her big tits in both hands. Jane's eyes closed and she seemed to sink into Steve, sighing again as her fists clenched on his thighs. I knew it would happen then. Steve and Jane would fuck tonight, and I would be there to see it.

After that, time seemed to speed up. Jane's shirt vanished, followed soon by her bra, leaving her big, beautiful boobs free in the air. Steve wasted no time in abandoning his "massage" and began kissing Jane's neck, while cupping, pinching and rubbing her tits alternately. Jane's back arched and she whimpered...she actually whimpered...when he gently bit her neck, right below her ear lobe. Baby oil? We don't need no stinking baby oil! I could take no more, at this point, and motioned to Steve that he should do something about her jeans. Steve took the hint in a flash, and smoothly rubbed his way down to her belly, and nearly tore her jeans open. Jane's back arched even more. Steve took advantage of this and slid Jane's jeans over her thighs and down to her knees. I took over from there. I made short work of Jane's shoes and quickly tugged her jeans off her lower legs. I noticed goose pimples on her legs and belly...and a big wet spot, not only on her panties, but on the inside of her jeans as well. 

Steve's hands hovered over Jane's boobs and belly for a few minutes, but it didn't take long for him to travel to her thighs, hips and, finally, her panties. Steve's face showed amazement when he felt just how wet my girl was. When he trailed that first finger down the front of Jane's panties and across the wet spot, she moaned wantonly. Jane pushed her pelvis out and reached behind her to the crotch of Steve's jeans, where she and I both gasped. Steve's cock was nearly a foot long and bulged out of the left leg of his jeans. It almost reached his knee and looked like a stick of pepperoni. Shit! Was this a good idea? What if Jane liked Steve's big, long dick more than mine? What if I lost her?

However concerned I may have been, I was ten times as horny and there was no turning back. I tore my jeans off and worked on Jane's panties. I couldn't believe my eyes as I pulled her panties down her legs. Her juices stuck to the crotch of her thong and a long string of it followed as I removed them. I noticed a near puddle in her panties too. I was amazed. I had NEVER seen her this wet before. Steve was meanwhile kissing and biting Jane's neck and shoulders, and had taken to sucking on her ear lobe. Jane must have been enjoying it because her head was tilted to one side and she was biting her lower lip. A river of juice ran from her pussy. I could see Jane's already swollen lips tightening and relaxing, as she moved her hips up and down, humping thin air. 

I knelt in front of Jane and gently touched her inner thighs with both hands, tracing her outer lips up to her clit and down to her little brown ass. Jane began to moan in earnest and turned her head to devour Steve's tongue. She twisted in his lap and rolled completely over, so she was lying on his chest, all the while exploring his tongue with hers. Jane got up then, on her hands and knees, and began to remove Steve's pants. Steve quickly attached himself to the nearest nipple. Jane practically growled as she fought with Steve's jeans, finally winning and yanking them roughly to his ankles, along with his briefs. Steve's dick stood proudly like a flagpole over his legs. Naked, it looked even bigger than through his jeans. It was thick and veiny, and the head shimmered with pre-cum, which continued to ooze steadily from his hole.

"This is it. Here it comes," I thought, as Jane lowered her head to his cock. Gently, she wrapped her hand around his big shaft and slid her fingers up and down the entire length. It was Steve's turn to sigh. Steve's cock grew more solid, finally standing at about ten inches. It had to be as big around as a flashlight. I was dripping pre-cum onto Jane's and Steve's legs, but neither of them seemed to notice.

Jane slowly and deliberately touched the head of Steve's dick with her magic tongue. I will never forget the sight of the sticky pre-cum trailing back to her mouth, or her engulfing his whole head and sinking slowly down his shaft. Jane started to gag at about halfway but backed off and fell into a slow rhythm of taking almost half Steve's cock and pulling it all the way out. Jane's lips popped loudly every time the rim broke free of the vacuum of her mouth. Steve was in Heaven. I lay on the floor on my back and slid my head under Jane's beautiful ass. I licked and sucked every tiny bit of her that I could reach. She was so wet that several times I had to stop and swallow or risk choking on her juice. When Jane came the first time, her whole body tensed. Steve and she groaned at the same moment, as she must have bitten down on him. I couldn't wait to feel that.

Jane continued to suck Steve for a moment before she stopped and looked right into my eyes. She said only, "Honey, can I fuck him?" I responded by pulling myself to my feet and jamming my cock all the way into her mouth. Jane had no problem accommodating my shorter cock and took me right to the base, while jerking Steve with her hand. Steve wasn't one to miss a hint, though, and he quickly jumped up and positioned himself behind Jane, pieces of condom wrapper flying in all directions. Steve didn't even try to enter her slowly or gently, and he didn't need to. Jane was so wet he could've slipped his leg into her without a problem. Steve grinned at me, sweating profusely and grunting as Jane's pretty lips slid up and down my rod, her eyes boring into mine. 

It was the hottest thing I had ever experienced. Steve tried rolling a condom onto his cock. I remember finding it slightly chilling that he ran out of condom long before he ran out of dick. Jane's eyes widened a bit as Steve rubbed the head of his cock back and forth, between her clit and her hole. I felt her throaty growl, a moan suppressed only by my meat, when he roughly shoved his pole inside her. He went all the way in. Jane's teeth dragged a bit, when he hit bottom and pushed her into me, nearly gagging her. Jane said nothing, just continued to suck, as Steve slowed down and began to long-stroke her. He pulled his cock slowly out, almost all the way, and then pushed it back in slowly but with great force, pushing her every time he bottomed out. I came at that instant. I came like never before. I had no control whatsoever. My entire body contracted and I could not move. I could only lay still and feel my cock pumping spurt after spurt of cum into my lovely Jane's mouth. Cum was leaking out the sides of her mouth and down my shaft, into my pubic hair and onto the floor. I must've cum like six men, as Jane gulped two and then three times to swallow what she could. I think it was too much for her as she took on a look of nausea, but she recovered quickly and even licked my shaft clean as Steve pushed his big prick deep into her.
