 I sat on the edge of the bar stool nervously, smoothing my skirt with trembling hands. Taking a deep breath and another long swallow of rum and coke, I willed myself to relax. I couldn't believe I was actually sitting here waiting to have another secret sex session with my lover. With that thought, I tossed back the rest of my drink. 

"Wow, I like how you swallow," I heard from behind me. And, turning around and standing, I looked up into a pair of caramel brown eyes and felt my mouth go dry at how sexy Jason looked out of the scrubs he wore around the hospital where we worked. "Thanks," I replied with false bravado, "I have many hidden talents." 

"I know you do," he agreed, greedily gazing at my sheer, low cut blouse where my breasts were nestled in their plump, rounded glory. "I can't wait to discover more of them," he responded as he grasped my hand pulling me closer. "Let's go," he commanded, "I've already booked a room."

I allowed him to pull me along by my hand, out of the hotel bar and into an elevator. As the elevator doors closed, he pulled me into his arms and kissed me deeply while grasping my ass in both hands. We exited the elevator quickly at the sixth floor, anxious to get to our room. 

Once inside, he pulled off my clothes and let them fall to the floor as we sank into the king size bed. Head thrown back and eyes closed, I relished the feeling of his mouth on my neck- sucking and licking sending shivers through my body. I felt him grasp both my wrists in his hands bringing them up over my head. Then, he sat up and proceeded to snap my wrists in handcuffs. I was shocked but also deliciously scared and thrilled. "Now what are you gonna do, sweetheart?" he asked, grinning his sexy smug grin. He reached under a pillow and pulled out a scarf which he began to tie around my eyes as a blindfold. Next, I felt a silky noose encircle each of my feet pulling my legs apart. I pulled against the sensation and felt a fiery pain as my left nipple was pinched cruelly. "No, no," he chastised, "you have to be a good girl and submit if you want pleasure."

At this point, my brain was ringing with warnings but my pussy was so fucking wet. I couldn't believe how turned on being his helpless, sex doll made me feel. Quivering with anticipation, I waited for his next move. I could hear him moving around the room and my imagination was running wild. 

I heard the door to the room open and then hushed whispering. I was a bit mortified to be on such display for anyone walking in. I could hear the rustle of clothing and smell scented candles and feel the light breeze of the ceiling fan as it made my nipples tighten. 

Footsteps approached the bed and I felt a pair of hands gently slide up my legs, kneading my flesh and rubbing sweet, scented oil into my skin. A second pair of hands began to work the oil into my arms and shoulders. I was speechless and extremely aroused as my body was being simultaneously explored by two people. The large, strong hands on my legs were now working between my thighs, stroking and oiling every fold and petal. Then, they captured my clit between both thumbs and a grinding pressure was applied until I pleaded for mercy. The other hands had moved from my shoulders and were now fondling my swollen orbs, rubbing them together, and pulling on my thick, pink nipples until I screamed. 

Slick and dripping with arousal, my pussy was stretched wider as my legs were spread further and tied tighter. I felt a tongue dip into my sweet honeypot, teasing and tasting. Then, another tongue joined in a tumultuous kiss, probing and twisting together as they lapped at my cunt. One mouth sucked my clit hard, while the other worked up and down my slit, stopping to tongue fuck me. It was too much and I began to buck against that long, writhing tongue as I came. 

Panting, I could still see stars against my closed eyes lids from my intense orgasm, as I felt the men above me shift positions. One straddled my chest and brought his throbbing cock to my lips, pushing into my lips and filling my mouth. As I struggled to suck his long, hard dick, I felt my pussy being pierced with a thick, wide prick that plunged deep and hard with no warning. As they settled into a rhythm, I was drowning in sensations, awash in the salty taste and musky scent of cock, assaulted by the groans, moans, and grunts of their lovemaking, crushed beneath their sweaty, muscular bodies. I could feel my cunt begin to tighten and spasm in orgasm, clenching and squeezing at the unrelenting cock that slammed into me faster and faster. I was screaming around the dick in my mouth, barely able to breath as it shoved deeper into my mouth and throat. Suddenly, I felt them both tense as geysers of thick cum poured into my body. I swallowed and gagged, choking on the hot sticky cum flowing down my raw throat. My pussy pulsed with passion like it was greedily, sucking up the cum that exploded deep within it. 

I felt battered and bruised yet sated and relaxed. My body was limp, completely ravaged by the beastly desire of these men. I had never orgasmed that hard or that many times and felt awe struck by the experience. 

I felt my bonds loosened and my handcuffs removed. As the door closed, Jason gave me permission to remove the blindfold. He stood there looking down at me with a gleam of pride in his eyes. "Baby, you were so hot," he exclaimed, "They loved you." I was mortified as everything became clear. Jason hadn't fucked me but had enjoyed watching others use my body, as he pleasured himself. He had mentioned this was a fantasy but I had underestimated what lengths he would go to fulfill it.