 The day had started beautifully, I'd had great surf at one of my favourite secluded beaches and was looking to kick back and relax on the beach for a while.

I must have dozed off for a while and woke up a bit hazy, without a second thought I stripped off and went for a swim to liven myself up. As I walked back up the beach I noticed a couple of people further down the beach, they were far enough away for me not to worry that I was naked, I went back to my spot and stretched out for a bit more sun.

A short time later the couple from down the beach strolled by, looking intently to where I was laying, they smiled and waved so I waved back. The woman was a bit on the large side with big breasts which were swaying nicely as she walked, you could tell the guy was fit, both had all over tans. 

They approached me said hello and asked if I was a local, I was painfully aware of my semi-hard on and that it was in full view of them both, along with that I couldn't keep my eyes off her breasts, which really didn't help my situation. I introduced myself as did they, my cock was hardening by the minute. Being at ground level I had a perfect view of both his and her pelvic region, what was glaringly obvious was the fact that his cock and her pussy were shaved clean; his cock was also hardening and quite a nice specimen too. It was then that he said that I was just what they had been looking for and asked if I was up for a 3sum. I responded with a grin and why yes.....of course.

We headed for the section of beach where they had set up camp, I was told to lie down and "enjoy", I did as asked and was promptly attended to by Sue, who proceeded to play with and tease my cock, Wayne had positioned himself beside her and was also caressing me, I had Bi experiences before so was welcoming the attention. It wasn't long before Wayne had his lips around my swollen cock sucking and licking all over my cock and balls, Sue had positioned herself above my face so I could indulge in her sweet pussy which was incredibly wet. Wayne had altered his position a little and was now caressing my ass while sucking hard on my cock, I was at the point where I could not hold back and shot jet after jet of cum down Wayne's throat, he easily swallowed all I had and left Sue help him to clean my cock and balls of all traces of cum.

Sue was keen to continue and got on all fours so Wayne could enter her from behind. I took position under Sue so I could lick her clit while Wayne fucked her hard, every so often his cock would come out of her pussy for me to suck the juices off, which were combining with the pre cum that had been oozing from Wayne's bulbous cock head, when he came I got to taste the cum oozing from Sues pussy, Sue had cum at the same time as Wayne so I got a mixed taste of male and female cum. Wayne with drew from Sue and was spent but sue wanted more, she told me she had a special surprise and If I was good she would share it with me. I looked to Wayne who had a wry smile on his face and said I was gonna be a lucky man.

Sue went to a bag and took out a bottle of lube, then she took out another bag which I assumed had my surprise. She asked if I enjoyed Wayne's finger on my ass, to which I replied that it made me cum in next to no time. She opened her bag and told me that I was going to experience something much better this time. She told me to get on all fours and that she was going to do some ass play. I did as asked. She lubed me up and played with my ass while Wayne had stuck his head under my cock and was busy sucking my balls and massaging my cock. I hardly felt the first finger slide into my ass, but the second had an immediate impact on me, a slight twinge of pain but not too bad at all. I was in seventh heaven, Sue told me to lie on my back so I could watch the next "event". Out of the bag came a small strap on cock which was quickly fitted to Sue. I had never been fucked before but the thought of what was to happen next excited me and I told her that I wanted her to fuck me, she ran her finger across the head of my cock wiping a big glob of pre cum which she pushed into my mouth making the whole scene extremely erotic.

She slowly ran the fake cock across my ass while spreading some more lube to prepare for the "grand entrance" she pushed the cock slowly into my ass which seemed to accept the visitor with glee, the sudden pain of the cock faded as my ass relaxed, Wayne at this stage had started milking my cock again and I was in heaven, what a fantastic sensation, Sue fucked me slowly but thoroughly and the look on her face as she pounded my ass was something else, she was enjoying this more than I was. It wasn't long before I shot cum all over the place or mainly on me face, chest and all the way down to the base of my cock. 

Sue pulled out and told me I was a good boy and also a good fuck. We all went down to the water to wash up.

I left the beach that day wondering if this would ever be repeated.