 It was a couple years ago and I still can't remember how it all started. I think I was on one of the adult sites looking at profiles when I saw their ad. They were a couple about my age (40's) and lived out in the country in eastern Colorado. They were looking for couples and singles to get to know. I figured, what the hell and sent them a message.

I was surprised a few days later when I got a reply from the wife asking me to send a picture. She had sent me one of them and they were a good looking couple so I replied with one of mine. I'll be honest here and say we were all just your average looking people, which isn't a bad thing at all. Just like the neighbors down the street a bit.

After chatting on the phone a few times and sending messages back and forth, they finally asked me if I'd like to meet. They live a few hours from me so we decided on an upcoming weekend. I really didn't know what to expect so I kept any expectations down to a minimum.

Finally the weekend came and I arrived at their house about 9 on a Friday night. I had brought a bottle of wine along so as we got to know each other, Roger opened the bottle and Sandy and I continued to chat. The night continued to pass and nothing was happening. I was pretty sure nothing would until out of the blue, Roger asked if I'd like to watch some porn with them. That was a no brainer.

I can't remember what we watched because I was watching Roger and Sandy. Watching as they started fooling around, kissing and some quick feels was getting me hotter than any movie could. When Roger was playing around under Sandy's sweat-shirt, I finally got the nod to come over and join in. Sandy was a great kisser. Soon my hands were also under her top, gently massaging her breasts. They were so soft and her response was so passionate as her eyes closed and she reached down and fondled both of us through our jeans.

It wasn't long before Roger got up and returned with some blankets and pillows and laid them out on the floor. Before I knew it, we were all three naked and fondling each other on the floor. I moved down and started to lick Sandy's pussy while Roger moved up and was getting his cock sucked. I had a great view of this and it was turning me on more and more. Finally, Roger told me he wanted to switch places since Sandy wanted to suck on my cock for a while. Roger's cock was about the same size as mine only I was uncut and Sandy had never sucked one like mine before.

I'll have to give Sandy this, that woman knew how to make a man feel good. She sucked me for quite a while before Roger rolled her over and started to fuck her from behind. That was when she asked me if I'd like to get beneath her and eat her while Roger fucked her. That way we could 69. As I licked away on her clit watching Rogers cock sliding in and out, only inches from my eyes, I knew it just didn't get any better than this. Sometimes he would pull all the way out and I could hear the sounds as his cock left her pussy. Once when he said he was getting too close, he pulled out and his cock plopped down on my face. I wasn't sure really what to do so I just continued to eat Sandy with Rogers cock resting on my face. After a while, Roger reached down and started stroking himself with the head of his cock now close to my mouth. It had taken me a while but I finally understood what he wanted. I took a couple tentative licks on his shaft and finally took the head of his cock into my mouth and started sucking and licking. Sandy in the meantime was moaning and rocking back against my mouth and his cock. After a few minutes of this, Roger slid back inside his wife and I continued to alternate licking her pussy and his shaft. 

It didn't take too much of this before he let out a cry and began thrusting harder and harder. He tensed up and with one last thrust, buried himself as deep inside her as he could. I could feel the throbbing of his cock as he sent wave after wave of cum deep inside her. I figured it was now going to be my turn to fuck her and waited until he would pull out and I could take his place. I found out soon that Sandy wasn't done with me eating her yet though. After Roger pulled out, Sandy sat up on my mouth and pushed all of Rogers cum out of her pussy and into my mouth. It was either swallow or drown. I chose to just drink their combined juices until there was nothing left.

After cleaning Sandy out, I moved to Rogers position and started to hammer away at Sandy's pussy. I was a bit surprised when Roger took my old place and started to eat Sandy and lick me at the same time. When I felt Sandy's muscles contracting as she orgasmed once again, I was lost. I shot my load deep inside her. When I pulled out, she once again sat up and emptied herself into Rogers waiting mouth.

It was 2 in the morning when I was finally allowed to fall asleep. It had been a long time since I'd been totally drained like that. We've gotten together a few times since then and each time it is just better and better.