 I couldn't help but notice Eric was all excited about the upcoming weekend. I think all the discussion allowed him to sort things out...and it was decided he didn't have to encounter pussy...that was my role. Plus, he found some really hot porn for Laura's home-theater...he had a few Sci-Fi things, too. After our last visit, porn and lube were the first things to be packed and Laura didn't even bother with the guest room, this time. When we arrived, we hung things up in her room. "You know, it's nice to have a man's clothes in that closet again." 

"Things good?"

She hugged me, "Things are good, Robbie."

"Glad you guys are here." She hugs Eric.

"I know you guys just got here, but I have to finish a couple things for work and go to the store. It's just been crazy lately. I feel bad...I want to spend as much time as possible with you all, but I have to run into the office and drop off spec's and this damned sketch for a new project. Teri was going to work on it this weekend. So, I really have to get it to her."

"No problem...we can check out your office."

"Laura, it's all good."

"Thanks guys...but do you need a drink or anything before we go?"

"Depends what you mean by anything."

"Oh sweetie, I promise you, there will be a lot of "anything," once we drop things off...I'll be done and I'm all yours for the weekend. We can talk on the way."

"Then...let's do it!"

She poured me an iced tea and we headed out the door.

Eric, excited to share his movie choices, pulled them from his jacket. He passed them to the front, between the seats, "Check these out...one is about a hot married couple that end up doing the pool boy, the mail man and a plumber...they do any guy that comes through the front door...and all hot, with big, pornstar dicks."

She squeals, "Oooooh...my favorite!"

"Mine too...pornstar dicks...!"

"The other is about a foursome! Again, a married couple. They set up an orgy by inviting his two college roommates to visit. They have a bisexual reunion, of sorts, and include the wife. It's fucking hot!"

Once we got there, we looked at a resort in North Carolina, they were working on. It was late Friday afternoon so the office was fairly sparse. There was no one at all in Laura's group, so Eric felt comfortable to talk about an encounter we had in his office. Of course, he had to go into detail about the dildo he kept in his desk.

He looks around, smiles at the two of us and nods to Laura, "Where do you keep yours?"

"You're such a damned tease...If you have to know, I keep it in my purse. It's just a little vibrator. She pulls it out to show us.

"I knew it!" He grabs for it, "Yea! You got multiple settings! I wouldn't mind if it were a little bigger, though."

"He always loves big."

"A lot like me."

"And me. too...guess everybody likes big."

"So you use it at your desk?"

"Whenever."

"Whenever? Come on Laura...tell us."

"Fine! Yes, I've used it here, late at night, when I'm horny...and I've used it when I'm stuck in traffic."

"I want to be in your carpool!"

She laughs, "I wouldn't need the vibrator then!" 

"Give me that thing and let me finish this note for Teri. We need to get moving."

Then we went to pick up a few things at the hardware store; she had a few jobs to do around the house and I told her we'd help. When we got back, I replaced the bathroom tile and showed her how to do the grout. Eric got the step-ladder and replaced bulbs in the kitchen and bathrooms

As I was handing him the last bulbs, "Thanks for helping me with this house stuff. The tile is perfect...and these damned can-lights are nearly out of my reach; it's hard to replace the damned bulbs."

"Why doesn't Tim help?"

"Well I didn't ask...I don't want him to think I'm helpless...or dependent...or worse, needy. But I am glad you guys are helping...it's nice to have a guy around the house to help with some of these things. The only thing is...you two would look really hot in tool belts. Mmmmm that would be fun...I'd love to see you in tool belts!" 

"That visual's really not helping at all...look at this! Eric points to his crotch, "Hard as a rock" 

"Laura...your ass would be smokin' hot, peeking under a tool belt. Maybe, you need to get one for Tim?"

"Mmmmmm...that sounds hot!"

With her hair tied back into a pony tail, her face was radiant and she lit up the room. As I stood there, in the kitchen, I was reminded of her striking beauty; her body was so firm...feminine and shapely...she was an amazing woman!

From there, we were still talking, no-stop, and went out to grab a bite. It was a short walk, only several blocks, but it was just starting to get cold. We got bundled up and headed out. We found a nice corner table and continued to discuss work and what was going on...just how we all were doing, especially her. She was so excited about Tim and the future...she was so vibrant. 

"Oh...oh...guys, before I forget to tell you! You know the way Katie's been so curious about things...has to know every minute detail. The other day she told me that their sex has been super-active since I started sharing our exploits. We have a groupie! She lowered her voice to almost a whisper, "Our sexual activity has inspired them. She even told me that her husband likes to use her vibrator for his butt."

"And then! Her voice got even softer, "I don't know what it means...but she told me she's been fantasizing about a threesome, or foursome, with you two."

Almost startling, we heard a sharp voice, from near the bar, "Well, hi neighbor!"

The lady approached us and Lar jumped up to hug her, "Mrs. Adams! These are my friends Eric and Rob...they're here for the weekend. I went to college with Eric. Guys this is Mrs. Adams...er Darla...she's my neighbor down the street. She makes the best marmalade."

"Oh dear, thank you for that! It's something I can do; you help me so much."

"Laura's such a treasure...she watches over me and checks-in. She helps me with my garden, all the time. It's nice to meet such handsome young men...oh my...are you brothers? You look so much alike."

"No, we just happen to share the same features...and you're not the first person to say that."

Eric adds, "People always think we're twins." 

"Please excuse me...you certainly could be twins."

"Would you like to join us?"

"Oh no dear, I'm here for carry-out...I love the food and I don't always like to cook for myself. I'm an old woman...I like to curl up with a book and a glass of wine...cooking is not always practical when you're alone. And the walk is good for me."

"Oh there it is now...they got it ready...I'll leave you young people to your dinner."

"Well nice meeting you Mrs. Adams."

"Oh it's so nice to meet you boys."

She went about her business and waved as she left. We finished and waited for Laura to finish her beer...we had a great time talking and laughing about work...and life. When we walked back Laura positioned herself between us and grabbed our hands. "Thanks for being there for me, guys...you're both pretty special."

"I think you are too, sweetie."

We had just sat down and Laura went into the kitchen to grab some wine. She yelled, "Sorry guys...you okay? You know how I am...I need to clean up...just a minute...it won't take long."

Eric smiles, "It's all good."

"Were okay...take your time...you need help?"

"No, it'll be just a minute."

While she was in the kitchen, we heard the clatter of the dishwasher and clinking glasses. Eric looks at me, "She's just like you, Robbie...always busy and racing to get things done."

"And you too, Eric."

"Oh, I know...I know! We're the same...probably why we all get along so well. You think?"

"Yep! And just a few other sexy...um...um...attributes."

Eric and I couldn't hold back...he stripped off my shirt and pulled my pants open...we were all over each other. Our pants were bunched at the knees and we were stroking each other. I fondled his balls, cupping them in my hand to feel the weight and volume. I love that velvety, smooth skin that holds them; the skin was taut from the weight, when I let go. With the other hand, I stroked, up and down. Already swelling in girth and almost, rock-hard, I circled my fingers around the shaft and guided it to my mouth. I loved feeling him, pulsing and throbbing between my lips. 

When she came back in the room, I looked over to see her smiling. I think she almost dropped the bottle...she was so ready for what promised to be a night of crazy, sex. Without any pause or relinquishing my handful, I half-heartedly apologized, "Sorry, Lar...we're horny as fuck! We almost did it in the car on the way, up here...but we wanted to wait...for you."

Eric chimed in, "But sweetie, we can't wait anymore...you have to be ready for some threesome?"

We didn't need to say anything else; our eyes spoke for us. She watched as I scanned up and down her body, drinking in the sight of her tight, little frame and those beautiful eyes. The sight of a nice cock was always a big turn-on for Laura and she returned the gaze. There was no doubt in her eyes...I knew the intensity of lust and the sight me going down on Eric would push her over the edge. "Fuck yes! I'm ready...ready for some men! Take me...fuck me...do anything you want...I'm all yours' for the weekend!"

We had her heart racing...I think she could hardly breathe, but she was still talking, non-stop. "Fuck...I've been thinking about you guys all week. Those beautiful dicks! Fuck, I need my boys...so fucking bad!!"

Her clothes evaporated and she was finger-fucking, moaning for something more substantial. Her breathing finally catches up and she grins, "I wanna wrap my whole body around those big dicks...I love those dicks...the feeling inside me...when they stretch...and fill me, full! You guys are a fucking fantasy." She laughed, "You know...I almost lost it, back at the office, when you were teasing me about the vibrator. I was ready to do it on the desk."

"Well, we're on that same page...you need to get your ass over here."

We both sat back on the couch while she mounted us; over and over, we gave her exactly what she wanted. I remember we both jerked between turns, while she almost wore herself out, playing cowgirl. When she first got to me, she looked me in the eyes and teased, poking and rubbing it through her lips. When I spread her legs, she sank back slowly onto my dick...she squeals and groans, "Yessssss...that's it...fuckkkkkkkkk! That's what I needed...mmmmmmmmmm...yesssss...yesssss!"

First, I felt the caress of her lips, as they slid down over the shaft...then that intoxicating heat of a pussy. She wiggled her hips, feeling the dick...and the fullness she craved; it filled her body and poked at her cervix. "Fuck! That's perfect...mmmmmmmm...right there! I love that...fuck me...fuck meeee...mmmmmmm...that's it! You guys...need to fuck me all night...don't fucking stop!"

At one point, she was enjoying Eric and looked over, "Now it's your turn sweetie...so fucking sexy, stroking like that...but I wanna have both...please...please! Give me both!"

Immediately, I had a plan, "Honey, let's use that stool?"

In seconds, we had her bent over the barstool, prone and ready for pleasure. She arched her back, to push her perfect, rounded ass up into the air. 

We both looked her up and down and I groped at her breasts; my squeezing caused her to groan. I was so hard, a small gasp passed her lips when I penetrated her in one big push. As it pushed at the soft walls and filled her insides, I closed my eyes and savored the pleasure that hugged my dick...it felt incredible. And when Eric pushed into her mouth, I buried myself deeper...she was completely sandwiched by her two boys...and skewered on cocks. We started humping into her with a sensual rhythm, a perfectly executed spit-roast. Filled and fucked from both ends, I hammered her cervix and Eric hit the back of her throat; she loved it this way...we both knew it, all too well.

Always hot to give pleasure; she wanted her body to be a sex toy. Pleasuring two guys was so exciting for her, she was leaking over me and salivating all over Eric...she was gonna need some major hydration, after we finished. 

Eric punching and probing at her throat...me, pounding from behind...our grunts and moans showered down over her body. When I felt those cute cheeks bounce against my groin, I groaned, "Uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...fuck Laura...fuck...uhhhh...uhhhh...that ass's amazing!" 

I repeatedly pull out and plunge back in...my strong, muscular hips bury it deep inside. "Honey, you look so fucking hot with two cocks!"

"Dude, ya know she loves this! Uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...take all this dick...fuckin', take it all!"

I smile at my boyfriend and grunt, "Fuck...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...she is one fucking hot, girl sandwich!" 

He grins, "Dude, you know it!"

Moaning with some muffled acknowledgment, we fucked harder...and harder. Slamming into her from behind, I grabbed for her shoulders and fucked her full-on. This was too much...we felt her body stiffen and her pussy quivered wildly over my dick. The warm waves of orgasm flooded her body. Like Laura, we enjoyed the ride, pumping into her body till she finally relaxed, limp over the stool.

Both dicks emerged, glistening with her sex and thirsty for more. "Fuck that was sweet! I need that too...I need spit-roasted, too! Lar, you wanna fuck my ass? Can we use a dildo?"

Despite her dazed state, she was ready for more and smiled, "Mmmmmm, I can grab one...if you don't mind using one of mine?"

With a big cheesy smile, he said, "Fuck! It'll be perfect...I bet it's really worn!"

She turned and ran off to the bedroom, "Honey, you know it!" 

He looked up, "Right now, all I can think about is...is having you feed me that dick!"

He had taken her place on the stool when she returned with a dildo and lube. He immediately grabbed me between his lips and started sucking, taking as much as he could.

After a little face fucking, he kissed the tip, running his tongue over the slit. Licking oozing juice, he reached up to grip the shaft. He held me, admired his prize and gently stroked over the length. His tongue, close behind, sensuously moved up and down over the turgid flesh...then working my balls, he treasured their content, gently licking and kissing over the straining sac. When his lips were back over the swollen helmet, he reached around to grab my ass and push me deeper into his mouth. I felt his lips ripple down over the shaft; I knew he wanted me to use his mouth, again...he wanted me to fuck him. I took over, held his head solidly and pumped my hips forward, deeper into his throat.

Laura, standing behind, pushed her toy slowly into his ass; she started pumping him and patted his ass, "Fuck! That's some hot man ass!"

"You gotta love it," and I gave it a playful grope. I joined her and rubbed my hand over his ass, squeezing my hands into the muscled flesh. I gave it a playful swat, "He loves the two cocks, Laura. I think you like fucking a man's ass...don't ya?"

A big grin was followed by, "I do...I really do like it!"

I was in front and Laura was on her knees behind him. As we pumped him, spit dribbled from the corner of his mouth and he moaned around my big dick. His moans, muffled by flesh, added sensory pleasure as they flowed around my erection. It was mind blowing watching Eric being spit roasted between us. The most difficult part was trying to focus while being so distracted by the steady thrusts with the toy and the hard dick flopping below his body. When I felt his tongue working over the shaft and the tip poking at his throat, my loud moans drew his attention; he looked up to see my face, bathed in lust-filled pleasure. 

She eventually grabbed it and started stroking him...but after a few minutes of watching Laura, fuck and stroke my boyfriend, I tightened the grip on his head and made that familiar groan. He knew what it meant and prepared himself for the reward. Now, with only one thing in mind (shooting down his throat), I wrapped my hand around the base, let out a long moan and fucked the tip into his mouth. 

"Uhhhh...uhhhh...here I cummmmm!" Jacking my dick off into his mouth, I felt things surge up from my balls and spray over his tongue. When the heat fell on his tongue, he stayed on my cock and started swallowing, hungering for his man's taste...his reward. I bucked my hips forward and repeatedly shot into his mouth, my dick, pulsing its thick, creamy juice. Eric swallowed as fast as he could and pushed his hungry ass back onto Laura's toy. 

Piercing my gasps and groans, "That's it! Take it...take it...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...take all that cummmmmm!" Toward the end, his swallows slowed and he savored the taste of his man. After I finished, I let out a long moan of relief and pulled a much softer, and satisfied, dick from his lips.

"Fuck Eric! Fuck!"

His breathing was choppy and he was groaning...I knew he was about done, too. After just a few more erratic thrusts, she shoved it deep into his belly. With every bit of the toy in his ass, he couldn't hold back any longer and she wanked his load over the floor. "Fuck! Laura...don't stop...fuck me, deep...don't stop...gonna cummmmmm...cummmming...cummmmmming!" Since his orgasm had come gradually, over 30...40 minutes of hard play, he had an incredible release...cumming hard, with a ball-draining load. Without saying a word, she got down on her knees and licked it from the floor.

"Fuck! Eric, you know what I need...let me suck him, clean." Always ready, he grinned, sat up on the stool and spread his legs. His dick had started to soften, but that was immediately changed, when it touched my lips. I pulled a few drops of seed from the shaft and worked it deeper. I held him there for a second; he felt warm and I could feel it pulsing back to life...something that gives me great pleasure. He knew I wanted my mouth fucked. He slowly pushed to the back of my throat and started pumping, almost sinking my lips into his pubes. I loved that swollen cock between my lips, stretching them wide and sliding in long steady strokes...fuck, it was incredible! I loved to watch him slide through my lips...when it was all shiny with spit. As those thoughts passed, he repeated them, "I know you love that big dick stretching your lips and fucking you in long...strokes."

My eyes traveled up over his firm body and met his, acknowledging that he read my thoughts! I never said anything about it, because it really happened all the time. It showed how perfect we were together...we are twins...lovers in sync with each other. Spreading his legs a little further, "Suck me, dude...suck me! Fucccckkkk, that's good! Suck that dick...feels so fuckin' good!"

Laura, finished with cum retrieval, shared a long, sloppy kiss with Eric; she used her tongue to share the seed from the floor.

"Yummmmm, that's just delicious!" as she stretched over the couch to settle in and watch things happen. Sexy as always, she played with her nipples and pumped a couple fingers into her twat. I pushed my tongue tight against the shaft to where I could feel veins...he started pumping harder and faster. It didn't take long before he was panting and moaning...and Laura was smiling. He couldn't take it anymore; he used one hand to steady himself and he pounded the back of my throat. I produced muffled, encouraging moans, with each of his strokes, pushing the swollen head down into my throat.

After just a few more minutes of moans, he says, "Now, I'm really fuckin' close! Gonna blow a load...you gonna...fuck... take it?" As his euphoria played out, he humped my face in a frenzy to cum. The heat hit my tongue, as he screamed, "Cumming...cumming...take it...take that fucking load...cummmming...fuck...fuckkkkkkkkkkk!

*************************************************************************************************************
