 We met up a couple weeks later, just before she started to consider Tim more than a coffee date. She arrived on Friday afternoon; she planned to stay at Eric's place and we met her at the door. We greeted her with the usual small-talk about her drive and how cool it was that she could visit. She was looking hot, in jeans and skimpy t-shirt; and when her tits pressed against me, a warm hug became indescribably erotic. 

"Well, we've got some time; we have a table at 7:30, just down the street."

"Do you think I need to change? I like to be comfortable when I drive."

"With you on that...I do the same. But, no, it's all good...what you're wearing is perfect."

"Like I said, it's just down the street, and it's where we had one of our first dates."

"Super...that's really cool." She got a little quieter, "I'm so happy you and Eric found each other...he's pretty special."

"Thanks, Laura...for saying that! I know...he is special. Speaking of first dates...how'd it go?"

"It was good...we went out for a drink the other night...Wednesday night." She blushed, "To answer your question...I don't know? It's been so long since I've gone out on a date...you know." ' "You guys have to meet him...I told him about my visit this weekend. I think things could work...it's a good start for me. Anyway, he seemed interested in meeting you two...actually meeting my friends! My husband wanted nothing to do with my friends. Tim's a client so he he's met most of the people in the office. Only a couple of my close friends know about our little date, though."

"That won't' last long."

"I know office gossip is crazy...this's juicy stuff that will spread."

Eric came out of the kitchen with his appetizers, "Well you need to show him off...when are we meeting him?"

"Soon, sweetie...I hope soon...we'll see where things go."

Eric grins, "Does he have a big package?"

"Stop...we haven't got that far!"

"You know, we need to know these things."

"Shit...Eric's got the food covered and I'm supposed to be doing drinks...sorry, I'm slacking. What're you drinking? We got cocktail stuff for mixed drinks, wine, beer, juice?"

"Do you have a chardonnay?"

"Got it...Eric, you?"

"Maybe...that new beer in the fridge?"

"I'll grab two."

"You like the same beer, even. Again...the twin thing...you two are meant to be together. Anyway...so I gotta tell you all! Katie had all kinds of questions. She wanted every detail. And we're convinced that I should be paying you guys for your therapy services."

Eric clarifies things, "So what you're saying, sex is good for your health...or it's therapeutic?" 

"It has been...it really has helped me sort things out."

He replies and directs a smile at me, "Well...every encounter with that man has been good for me." 

We laugh and I reply, "Well regarding payment, I really think you are paying us!" We all laugh some more and talk while I brought in the drinks. You could feel chemistry between the three of us. Whenever we were within reach, she was casually rubbing her hands over something...a leg...arm...shoulders. Undoubtedly, she was looking for a little more therapy...but we all were. We small-talked over drinks, for about 20 minutes, before things started to cut loose.

I gave in and initiated things by sliding a palm under her breast, "God, those tits are smokin' hot! And I love that t-shirt!"

"You like my breasts don't you?"

Before I could answer, "Oh sweetie, he's mentioned those nips numerous times. He loves your titties!"

"He's not lying...I'm a little infatuated with your breasts. I have a hard time not staring...you know? I feel like a fucking teenager."

"Oh, I've noticed...I think it's cute. I love the attention...it's nice to get noticed by hot man!"

I blush, "Well, thanks sweetie." With my help, she slipped off her shirt and bra.

"You know, they are fucking awesome!" I went after both, holding them and pressing into the soft, feminine firmness. I probably spent a good ten minutes fondling, sucking...even nursing. I was so focused on Laura for that moment, I completely lost track of Eric. I moved down over her body, tracing my tongue over her taut belly, and sucking at her navel with my lips. Continuing down, I scattered soft kisses over her hips and thighs. Eric positioned himself next me and moved his face next to mine. He watched my lips suck at her pussy, "Kiss me bro. I wanna taste Laura on those lips."

Our lips met, "Eric, you wann try?" 

"We can do it together," I laugh, "I do think she needs more tongue."

"Oh god...that's it guys...fuck...yessssss...yesssssss...perfect...more tongue...fuckkkkkkkkkkk...more tongue!"

We push her legs back and spread them. Taking turns and together, we lavished her with attention, licking over her labia...pussy...and clit.

"Buddy, you take over." She splays her legs even wider to give us more room; I slipped a couple fingers into her while he was nibbling clit...she was going insane. With that, I leaned into her and pressed my lips to hers. We opened our mouths and wrapped tongues in a tangled orgy. When I probed the G-spot...her hips quickly acknowledged her needs, grinding my fingers deeper. Her muscles clenched and grabbed...I could feel them tighten and tug at my fingers.

"Dude...look at what she's doing...fuck she's tight!"

"Don't you want it put it in me?"

"Yea!" But before I had a chance, she pushed out breathy moans, "Oh god! I'm cumming, already...cummmming...yessssss...cummmmmmmming...cummmmmming...honey, I'm cummmmmming!" 

With juices seeping, I replaced the fingers with my tongue. I was able to lap up the juices, glistening over her lips and inner thighs. Once finished, I left a trail of kisses up over her body. As our lips met, again, in a soft kiss, I could feel my dick brushing against her. She moaned as it pushed into her, "Yesssssss...fuuuuck meeeeee...mmmmmm...fuck me! Fuck, that's it yeeesss...yesssss!" 

As the tip pressed against her cervix, my balls were flattened against her tight her little ass. We both leaned down to kiss her on the lips. She whispered, "Cum on me...I wanna feel it...please." 

I leaned in to her body and pushed myself deeper. Ready to launch into another orgasm, she threw back her head. "Fuck...fuck yessssss, oh god that feels good," she screamed.

I kept pounding into her and Eric kept jacking over top, screaming, "Fuck yea...fuck...gonna cummmmmm!" 

"Honey, cum for us...give it to me...cum for us!" 

He groaned, "Fuckin' gonna cum all over...all over...you!" Jacking even harder, his first spray splashed her tits. It was musky and pungent...her puffy nipples looked like candies, drizzled with sweet, sugar droplets. As more sprayed over her tits, she squealed and used her hands to smear it all over. 

"That's it honey give it to me...mmmmmmm...yesssssss...cover me...cover me with that hot jizz...its steamy hot!" She scooped up some and rubbed it between her legs, soothing...and satisfying to her clit. So fucking turned on, her fingers rubbed circles for only a few moments, before she screamed again...cumming even harder than the first time. Her tits were bobbing with my rhythm and her body lurched forward from hard, pounding thrusts. She moaned and thrashed around, but I fucked her through it, slamming hard till her breathing reached a calm. 

She was done and moaning softly, but Eric and I continued to work her, with cock. Slowly pumping, I kept edging myself closer. He used his dick to smear cum over her breasts, glazing every inch of the firm-fleshed mounds.

Hoping to set her off again, I'd pull out and tease her by slapping myself over her pussy lips...and that flaming red bud. I was super close, with her legs propped on my shoulders, but Eric's hand slid down her body. She grabbed a sharp breath as his fingers lightly touched her; seeing the reaction, he grabbed some lube and rubbed back and forth over the bud.

Her moans quickly became intense squeals, "Oh god...fuckkkkk! You two are fucking crazy! I'm...I'm fucking cummm...cummmmming again...this's crazy!"

"Again...oh god, I'm cumming! Yessssssss...cummmmmmming! Yessssssss Yessssssss!!" 

As orgasm washed over her body, it felt as if she melted around my pumping dick. After three, I expected her to pass out in some kind of pleasure-induced sleep. Eric, watching it all unfold, started stroking again...that gorgeous shaft...I reached out and stroked my hand over his chest and those tight abs. "Dude, I adore you...and that body. That body...that dick...you are so fuckin' hot!"

He grinned, "Robbie, you're likin' that pussy, too."

"I do...you wanna try some?" 

"You finish." 

Laura moans, "This's fuckin' hot! My old boyfriend cums all over me and I have his boyfriend fucking the hell out of me...and I've cum three fucking times! So fuckin' wild!"

"Honey, I want you to cum." She looked into my eyes, "Fuck me...fuck meeeeee...wanna feel every fuckin inch...fill me with that thing. Yessssss...god yessssss!" 

Eric, stroking hard, yelled, "You called it, Lar! Fuck, this shit's hot!"

"Honey, you like watching me fuck your boyfriend? Don't you?"

"Fuck yea...it's hot...you both look so fucking...sexy!"

With a shy and mischievous smile she started grinding into me, "You think?" She locked her eyes with mine and grabbed at her tits, pinching, pulling and tweaking. Fuck! Those beautiful puffies...she's workin'it...she's fuckin' workin'it!

"Fuck Lar...that's it...that's gonna do it...he's gonna fuckin explode!"

Her legs still on my shoulders and straight up in the air, I couldn't hold back any longer. I pushed them back to where her knees were almost rubbing her breasts. Her pussy was stretched tight and I just pounded my way to release. I grunted with each thrust, "Fuck'in tight...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...fuck, Laura!" 

Finally after edging forever, I felt that surge in my balls and moaned, "Oh fuck, this's it...I'm going to cum!" My body tensed up and found its relief, "Cummmmmmmming...yea baby...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...cummmming!" Accompanied by her gleeful squeals, I pulled out to spray wildly over her body. She replaced my hand and pumped till it subsided and the last few drops tumbled into her muff. Eric leaned in, put the head in his mouth and sucked it dry. 

"That's it baby get it all!"

"Fuck...Eric...Laura! You know, you give new meaning to a threesome...you two are fucking amazing!"

"I think it's you boys, sweetie. My two hot, sex therapists...that's what you are."

"I do think I could use a little shower...I'm dripping with seed...I sort of like it, though."

Eric said, "I know what you mean. I like to smell Robbie on my skin."

"You're right, sweetie...I'm not showering. I love the scent of a man...after rubbing it over her skin, she licked our taste from her hands.

We went to dinner and talked endlessly about work and the new man. We knew they'd gone out for coffee and then a beer, more recently, but we had to hear every detail. We teased her little and you could tell things were going good and she was interested. And, of course, we talked about our college days...it was cool for me to share and hear more about Eric's exploits. Laura really wasn't the type to hold back or censor, either. It was cute to watch Eric blush and roll his eyes over some of the stories...we all have them, but it was nice to hear more about him. As promised, I really had to go...I had to get home to Tina. We parted when we got back to Eric's, because Tina and I had a date planned for later in the evening, with a glass of wine and a fire. I knew they were disappointed but understood how important it was. 

********************************************* Before she headed out, she wanted to visit the garden. Eric called to see where I was at with things; he knew we'd closing and in the middle of finishing things up. Of course, I had time for Eric and Laura and told them to come on in. The afternoon was clear and sunny, one of those incredible days you often have at the tail-end of fall. The warmth of the sun cast a comforting glow over the garden. Things were really beautiful because there were still some hints of fall color, but leaf drop allowed more sun to penetrate the tree canopy. I gave her a grand tour, through the tropical and succulent exhibits as well as the new Japanese Garden. She really loved the Tea House and that's where we paused to sit and talk.

"We missed you this morning, Sweetie...but I understand. You take care of your wife...she sounds like a keeper. Well, you're both keepers."

"We still had some fun this morning, though!"

Eric grinned, "We sure did!"

"I bet." 

"We got to relive some morning wood memories," Eric's grin grew.

We were slow to part and talked for a while...it was just the right time and place for conversation. Once we finished our goodbyes and she drove away, we talked further. Eric, decidedly gay, felt his familiarity and affection for Laura made the "orgies" possible; and it was unlikely to ever happen with any other women. He said, "It's helped solidify where I'm at, sexually...I'm gay! What I mean is...I was struck with our differences...differences between you and me."

"What do you mean?"

"We are identical in so many ways...all, except pussy...remember when we were both licking on her! I was between the legs of my former girlfriend, a hot girlfriend, even. Anyway, I was sucking clit and pretending it was your nipple. This morning, I struggled to not scream out your name, during a blowjob."

"Really?"

"Fuck yeah! And you...you were slurping pussy like a mad man...couldn't get enough!"

I smile, "Dude, its pussy...I crave it, as much as what's between your legs!"

"I know you do and it's all good...I'm fine with that...you know that. Rob, I think I had love for her...I think we loved each other. I never realized that when we split, but I remember the pain I felt...but I never put things together. I think she was my first love."

"From the sound of things, Eric, I think she had the same feelings and maybe, made the wrong choice...and married him. But, if you'd gotten married, there probably would be complications with your sexuality...it would've become messy, too. Her new guy, Tim, appears to be a right choice, maybe. He's less like her ex and more like the type of guy she seems to be seeking."

"You think so? I hope he is. She really deserves that." 

"I do...I really do."

"She was probably the only women, I can connect with that intense emotion...the kind of emotion I feel for you."

We continued talking as I wrapped up things...checking temps, locking things for the evening and going through production houses.

"I think we're alone now...are we?"

"I know we are...why?"

With a little smile, "We need to be alone for this!" He kissed down over my chest and belly to slip his fingers into my belt. I felt him loosen it, "And we need to lose these clothes!" I stepped out of my jeans and he dropped to his knees, "Dude, this is totally where I belong!"

"I know...I know, Eric...we belong here, together. Laura has strengthened that for both of us." His fingers sensually stroked up and down the shaft, feeling all, that defined the surface. I could hardly wait to feel it sliding through his lips...I was so ready for that relief. He leaned in to swirl his tongue around the tip; it darted over the slit and licked up a drop. "Mmmmm, that's what I need, Robbie...I want more of you!" He continued nursing and licking the head, coaxing it for more. His tongue swirled wildly before moving his lips further down over the thick shaft.

Lulled from the thoughts of Laura and our threesome, now, it was just us...together...satisfying desires. Confined within a jungle of poinsettia, I leaned back on my elbows to watch a sexy holiday scene unfold. Fuck, we could be calendar boys for the month of December! I didn't voice my thoughts, but within seconds he pulled off and laughed, "You, sort of, look like a Christmas card!"

"Fuck Eric, I was thinking the same thing...we looked like gay calendar boys! We could be the pin-up for December!" We both laugh but then he said something really touching, "You know...this's all I want for Christmas...I want you!" 

"I know, sweetie...I'm thinking' that same thing."

I watched him lustfully admiring my dick and rub his hand over my taught abs. In its glory, the cock was swollen and bobbing inches from his face. He quickly returned to caressing and stroking the fruit of his manly desires. Even though we'd been together forever, and every aspect of my body was vividly pictured in his head, he loved to hold me...touch me...and lick me. Celebrating every inch...every vein, he rode my dick with his mouth, over and over and over. I felt the head pulsing and pushing at his throat, "Uhhhh...uhhhh...yessssss, Eric...yesssssss...that's it...fuck, that's good...uhhhh...uhhhh...I want you for Christmas, too!"

I thought to myself...we were good for Laura, but she's been good for us, too. That Christmas everybody got what they wanted...Laura got a new man in her life...and I got to spend the day with Tina and Eric, both my soul-mates. It was wonderful...