 As Tina crawled over to me, her face still covered in my cum, and took my cock back into her mouth I just knew that this had to be a dream. Not only had I come home early and caught Tina and my wife Rebecca in a lesbian tryst, I also finally got the chance to fuck Tina. She was all that I could think of since I first met her and now here I was living my fantasy of a threesome with my beautiful wife and her super hot friend. I was quickly brought back to reality as I felt my cock enter Tina's throat.

"That's right! Deep throat that cock baby!" Rebecca said as she pushed Tina's head forward. Tina pulled her head back off my cock and took a deep breath. "Holy shit! I love this cock." Tina squealed as she took my cock back into her mouth. Rebecca laughed as she pushed me onto my back. "Now it's time for you to finish what she started." Rebecca said as she straddled my face and lowered her sopping pussy to my mouth. My tongue went to work immediately as Rebecca began to squirm in pleasure. Her juices flowed freely into my mouth as she began to hump herself against my face. My tongue danced across her clit and Rebecca moaned loudly. I began a heavy assault on her clit. Licking, sucking, it was more than she could take. She grabbed my head and held it hard against her pussy as she flooded my face with her cum. As she came down from her orgasm, she released her grip on my head and fell to the bed beside me exhausted. Tina smiled at me from between my legs. 

As she stroked my cock she smiled and asked "Are you gonna make me cum like that big boy?"

"No doubt about it." I said as she positioned herself over my cock.

"Let's find out." Tina said as she lowered herself onto my waiting member. She eased herself down the entire length of my rod until she was completely filled. She slowly started to slide up and down my cock as I reached up and started to massage her wonderful tits. Her pace began to quicken as I gently pulled on her nipples. I leaned up and took her right nipple in my mouth as she began to grind on my cock. She started moaning louder as I gently bit down on her nipple. I knew she was getting closer to cumming again so I laid back and grabbed her hips and held her in place. I then began pounding into her with all my might. She yelled out in pleasure as I pounded her pussy hard and fast. Tina fell forward onto my chest as her orgasm came. She bit down on my shoulder and screamed as her pussy squirted all over my cock. As she tried to compose herself I flipped her over onto her back and began slamming into her again.

"Yes! Yes! Fuck me! Fuck me! Make me cum again. Make me CUMMMM!" Tina screamed as her pussy exploded into another orgasm. Rebecca laid beside us smiling, happy at the events that were happening. I eased my cock from Tina's spent pussy, and Rebecca leaned forward and took my cock into her mouth. She cleaned my cock of Tina's cum and asked "Are you ready to cum?" 

"I am. You know what it is going to take."

"I do, and I can't wait." Rebecca exclaimed with excitement as she positioned herself on all fours. I quickly entered her ready pussy and began fucking her hard. As I fucked her she lowered her head to the bed and reached down and began rubbing her clit. As she rubbed her clit I licked my finger and got it good and wet. I eased my finger to the entrance of her ass. I gently pushed it in to the first knuckle as she moaned out. I continued to ease my finger in and out of her ass as I continued to fuck her from behind. As she started moaning louder, getting closer to another orgasm I eased another finger into her ass. She really began moaning as I finger fucked her ass. "I'm ready! Fuck me now!" I pulled my dick out of her pussy and eased the head into her ass. Tina sat up and watched in amazement as I continued to slide more of my dick into Rebecca's ass.

"I can't believe you are letting him fuck you in the ass."

"I love to get fucked in the ass. You would too if you would try it."

"I don't think so."

With that I pulled almost all the way out and slammed my dick all the way back into Rebecca's ass causing her to groan deep in pleasure. "That's right, fuck that ass." I was happy to oblige and started fucking her hard and fast. Rebecca screamed in pleasure as her orgasm hit her. Her body tensed up as she came tightening the grip on my cock. The tightness of her ass was too much for me as I erupted inside her. My cock spurted rope after rope of cum into her ass. 

Exhausted we fell back onto the bed. I looked at Tina and Rebecca and smiled. My dream had come true. I hoped that we could do this again and I knew from the look in Tina's eyes that it might happen sooner than later. Rebecca crawled over to Tina and kissed her and smiled. "Did you enjoy yourself?"

"That was awesome. We should have done this way before now."

I laughed and said "I'm ready for some more whenever you are ready."

"Hold on there buddy. I need a little bit of time to recover." Tina said laughing.

Rebecca said "Why don't we all go take a bath and get ready. We can go eat and then come back and see where the night takes us." Tina and I agreed as we got up and headed toward the bathroom. I jumped in the shower as Rebecca and Tina climbed into the bath. As I showered I heard moaning coming from the tub. I opened my shower door and saw Tina standing in the tub while Rebecca knelt in front of her licking Tina's pussy. "Hey! That's not fair. I thought we were gonna wait until we got back." I joked. Tina laughed and Rebecca looked at me and smiled and said "She said her pussy was hurting from getting fucked so much so I was just kissing it to make it feel better." I just smiled and rolled my eyes and went back to finish my shower.

We finished washing up and got dressed and went out to eat. We talked and laughed at dinner never bringing up what had just happened before we came out. We ate and enjoyed a few drinks and enjoyed being with each other. Later that evening we paid the bill and left and walked to the car. As we piled into the car the sexual tension started to grow. We knew what awaited us when we got home and we couldn't postpone it any longer. I drove home quickly anticipating the wild unadulterated sex that was coming. No one said a word about it but we all wanted it; we all needed it.

I pulled into the drive and we walked inside and into the living room. Rebecca and Tina sat down on the couch and I sat in the recliner beside them. We sat back and relaxed for a while just watching TV. A little while later I heard quiet moaning and kissing. I looked at these two beautiful women kissing and fondling each other's breasts. My cock began to grow and I knew it was game time. I got up from my seat and knelt down in front of Tina and eased her legs apart. I smiled as I noticed she wasn't wearing any panties underneath her skirt. "You naughty girl. Not wearing any panties." Tina just moaned and I took the cue and eased forward and gently licked her pussy. She moaned and pushed her hips forward anticipating my tongue making contact again. I eased her pussy lips apart and started licking her tasty pussy. My tongue couldn't move fast enough as I enjoyed one of the sweetest pussies ever. I eased my finger inside her glistening pussy and began finger fucking her as I sucked on her clit. She broke her kiss from Rebecca and grabbed my head and smashed my face hard into her pussy.

"Oh God! Suck my pussy! Make me cum! Make me cum! Now!" she screamed as she was primed for another orgasm. I sucked harder on her clit and pressed against her g-spot ready to bring her to the point of no return. Rebecca stood up from the couch and started stripping off her clothes ready to jump into the action. As she discarded the last of her clothing she knelt on the couch beside Tina and pulled Tina's shirt from her body. She pulled Tina's breast away from her bra and quickly inserted her nipple into her mouth. Tina could take no more; her body spasmed as she came. 

"Ok! That's enough! That's enough!" Tina laughed as she pushed my head away from her pussy. "My pussy can't take anymore. I am done."

Rebecca kissed her and said "Take a break. I'm going to have some fun." Rebecca pushed me down to the floor and crawled on top of me. She kissed me passionately as she grabbed the bottom of my shirt and pulled it over my head. She then started kissing my chest and stopped to lick my nipples before working her way down my stomach. She made quick work of my jeans and boxers and quickly swallowed my growing cock into the back of her throat. My cock found its hardness quick thanks to Rebecca's skilled tongue. As she sucked my dick she spun her body around and straddled my face. I took advantage of this 69 position and buried my face into her wetness. My tongue licked every inch of her wonderful pussy as she continued her incredible blowjob on me. As I lapped up her honey I eased a finger into her ass, which made her moan. I knew she enjoyed the ass play so I started to alternate fucking her ass with my finger and shoving my tongue into her pussy as far as it would go. The double penetration was enough as she dismounted my face and quickly hovered over my cock in a reverse cowgirl position. My cock eased into her pussy with little resistance and she was bounding up and down my slick cock in no time. She leaned forward and told me to stick my finger back into her ass. I eased my finger back into her ass and soon after added another. I then started finger fucking her ass as she rode my dick with aggression. When she could take no more she pulled up off of my cock and slid my cock into her ass. She found her pace again as she leaned back and began riding my cock again.

Tina sat in amazement as Rebecca took my entire dick up her ass. I watched her as she began to caress her body as she watched her best friend get ass fucked. She started licking her lips as she fondled her nipple with one hand while the other gently rubbed her pussy. I reached up and caressed Rebecca's tits and pulled on her nipples as her wild ride continued.

Rebecca asked Tina between ragged breaths "Are you ready to play again?"

"I don't think so my pussy is worn out."

"Then I guess you will have to get fucked in the ass then."

"I don't know. It looks like it will hurt."

"It will at first, but then it will feel better. Trust me, I'll be here with you the whole time I promise you will love it."

Tina smiled a devilish smile. "What the fuck, let's give it a shot." 

Rebecca dismounted me and sat on the couch leaning against the arm rest. She spread her legs and beckoned for Tina to come to her. Tina got on her hands and knees and laid her head on Rebecca's leg. Rebecca stoked Tina's hair and reassured her everything would be ok. I sat down beside Tina and started caressing her tight, fat ass. I eased my face between her cheeks and gently licked around her puckered hole. She jumped at the new sensation still not quite sure of what was happening. As I continued to lick her ass I inserted my finger into her hot wet pussy. I continued to gently ream her as I got my finger nice and wet from her juices. I pulled my face back and gently rubbed her anus with my finger. Then I easily inserted it to the first knuckle. She moaned out loud and bit down softly on Rebecca's leg. I slowly fucked her with my finger until I could tell she was enjoying it. Then I surprised her when I eased another finger into the tight hole. She was really enjoying it and I was too. I positioned myself behind her and removed my fingers. I rubbed some lubricant onto my cock and positioned it at her back door.

A brief moment of panic set in Tina as she started to squirm. Rebecca reassured her and she quickly calmed down. I took it slow and eased the head of my cock into her tight hole. She grunted in mixed pain and pleasure as I entered her ass. I gently pushed in inch by inch, adding lubricant every couple of inches until I was buried full hilt inside her incredibly tight ass. I eased back about half way before easing it back in. It took her a little while to get use to my girth but she eventually started moaning in pleasure. I quickened my pace as I spread her ass cheeks apart. 

I was a man possessed. I not only got to fuck my new object of desire today but now I was taking her ass too. This had to be a dream. The room was filled with the sounds and smells of sex. I started to pound my dick into her ass as she screamed out in pleasure. I was on the brink and there was no going back. I pulled my cock out and then slammed it back into her gaping hole all the way and held it as my cock started painting the inside of her. I kept cumming and cumming; I thought I would never stop. I finally withdrew my spent cock out of her well fucked ass and watched as my cum leaked out of her gaping ass.

Tina fell forward into Rebecca's lap and sighed. "Wow. That was awesome."

Rebecca caressed her hair and said "I told you you would like it."

Tina laughed and said "Yea, but now I won't be able to walk straight for a week." We all laughed and got up and headed toward the bathroom to clean up again. What a day. I hoped that there would be more days like this to come and I knew in my head that there would be. And there was sooner than I would have ever thought.

*

If you liked this story please leave feedback. I love to hear comments from all my readers. Let me know what you think and if you want I will right more about my adventures.