 Later in the evening...Eric's standing at the edge of an ottoman and pumping pussy-drenched cock into my mouth, while I get down on Laura. I'm pounding hard and she's nearing an epic orgasm...I could sense she was going to explode. She bit her lip and thrust against my body, impaling herself on her desires. Her pussy clenched and pulled against me whenever I pulled out. She missed having a cock that could stretch and fill her, the way she needed. Now, that we were making love, she wanted to feel it deep inside, hitting her cervix and splitting her tight, little pussy; the needs she had were animal. 

I pushed my tongue tight against the shaft; I could feel the veins that defined the surface, pumping blood to his gorgeous flesh. He was panting and moaning...getting closer. It felt so good to have him sliding through my lips...all shiny with spit and pushing at my throat. When I thought about how it would be to throat him (the way I always wanted), I started thinking about Robin (an ex from another time). She could fucking deep-throat cock, like nobody else; I'd call her my little pornstar. Not all women would be comfortable with that label, but she loved it. I wished I could do what she could do...I wish I could do that for my Eric. Though, clearly satisfied with my cock-sucking, he was moaning, louder and louder, "Suck me, dude...suck me! Fucccckkkk, that's good! Suck that dick...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...feels so fuckin' good!"

Laura joined in, "Fuck me...Rob, fuck meeeeee...mmmmm...yesssss...fuck meeeee...want all that big cock!" He needed little encouragement, but Laura loved what she was seeing, "Oh Eric...fuck him...so hot...fuck'm...makes me so wet!"

Fuck, this's crazy shit! My mind is like a busy intersection, wandering through the past and bumping into the present. Here I am, in the middle of a hot threesome, sucking my boyfriend and pounding the hell out of his former girlfriend...

*************************

Back to the beginning...How the fuck did this happen? And...how did we get here?

Well....we went to visit Laura, one of his best friends; she was going through a rough patch, with a divorce, and Eric thought she could use a friend. We decided to stay with her for the weekend, but on Friday night we'd meet her out and have dinner. Then, we'd all head back to her place for a couple days.

When we arrived, at the restaurant, there she was with those beautiful, blue eyes and a super-tight, blue dress...yes, a blue dress. She was single, now, and dressed for the prowl. A college classmate and a former girlfriend, they dated their junior and senior years, but things ended shortly after graduation...a pretty typical scenario for college. I had met her at a conference only last fall and she was so happy to see us. I got a warm hug, as if we were old friends...she even kissed my cheek. She was that kind of personality, always warm, welcoming...and passionate. Anyway, we had a great time....she was a little flirty...a little racy. Even hinting about being tempted by a couple guys in the office and ready to try a threesome! When that was mentioned, it was overheard at the next table; I noticed a guy smile when he heard the word, threesome.

Well into dinner, she paused, looked over and kissed my cheek again, "Rob, I'm really glad you could make it! Eric thought he might be able to drag you away."

"Thanks Laura, I can get used to that."

A little flirting at the restaurant became aggressively flirty, when we got home. Between her actions, the conversation and her change to single status, I could tell something was in the works...something was going to happen. I'm certainly not going to make any moves, but if it happens, I'm worried about Eric. This could be very awkward or uncomfortable for him. Though she was hot...brunette, 5'6"...5'7" with gorgeous, firm tits...maybe 34...a tight little ass. She was just hot!

When we got to her place, we dropped our bags in the guest room. In the corner, there were some boxes labeled with her husband's name. "Yea, that stuff needs to go to John's place; he thought he had everything but I keep finding things that he really needs to keep...things from his family...some old albums. He was into vinyl and I have no need for those." 

"Maybe that's something you guys could help drop off tomorrow?"

"Sure we can help."

"Been wanting to get it out of the house."

"I understand."

So, we had a little conversation over drinks and the flirting became more obvious than what went down at dinner. I went to grab the bottle of wine and came back to find her topless and on top...on top of my Eric. Emboldened by wine...I guess, she was straddling his lap and exploring with her tongue, in an intense kiss...a very intense kiss. His hands ran down over her back and grabbed at her breasts; I'd been admiring them all night. As soon as she broke from the kiss, she looks up for a second, "Do you want to come play? Tonight, I want both of you, sweetie...but you're gonna have to lose the clothes."

I nodded and started tearing clothes off. This's gotten a little wild, but I guess it all makes sense, after she told us she never had orgasms with her husband. And, they hadn't had sex for a year and half, before the breakup. This poor woman was ready for anything...and everything, at the same time! Looking back, I'm glad we left the restaurant when we did...or the three guys at the next table would've gotten an invitation. She was that desperately horny! 

Then between his fingers, I was distracted (excited might be better) by a glimpse of a nipple. I couldn't help myself, yelling, "Laura! Fuck! You got puffies!"

"You like, Honey?"

"Fuck yeah, I like! Mmmmm...this's going to be real fun!"

After the distraction, reality started to take hold...knowing what he'd gone through, I wondered how Eric would react. He was gay and here he was under an ex-girlfriend and kissing. He seemed to be okay, though. After all, he was grabbing some tit...pinching at her nipples...and she was smokin' hot. Obviously, we were on the same page and he knew exactly what I was thinking, because he made a point to smile and wink, "Yeah, it's all good...now worries."

"Okay buddy...then let's give her what she needs...I'm in, if you are!"

"Cool, then get your ass over her...from past experience, she's a handful! I need your help!"

I was rubbing through my underwear; the other clothes were scattered on the floor. With a big, sexy smile, she leaned over to kiss the tent, while her hand slipped them down. Everything popped forward to weave around, just inches from her face.

"Mmmmm!" She said, "Yessssssss...this is going to be fun...look at that, Eric!" His reply was a nod and smile. 

She looked into my eyes and grabbed a handful, "He was totally right about you, honey!" She slowly ran her hand over the entire length, several times, before coming to rest in the pubes. Grasping at the base, she rubbed over her face and bounced it against her lips. She worked her tongue over the tip and down the underside. She took as much as she could, but she kept sucking and working herself, lower and lower, till her face wasn't far from the base...I could feel the tip pushing at her throat. When she started moving, up and down, my eyes rolled back and I started groaning. "That's nice...just like that...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...that's it...fuckkkkkk!"

It didn't take long before I felt familiar lips sucking at my balls...Eric was working a nut into his mouth (he loves to feel how heavy they are on his tongue). Laura was bobbing wildly over my dick and I groaned louder, but my mind wasn't really processing the entire scene that was unfolding. When I looked down and saw them, satisfying their needs (and mine), I couldn't believe all this was happening. Blood pulsed into my dick...it was harder...larger...and I was more turned-on than ever. Then they both paused and smiled up at me with their blue eyes...could this get any better? 

She took it back into her warmth and choked a little, when I fucked into her mouth. Then it was Eric's turn; he took over and pushed it all the way up to his throat. His face was almost buried in my thick, brown pubes. I reached up to run my hand through his cropped hair, as he went up and down, over my dick. His tongue licked and stroked the underside and he pulled off to swirl it over the tip. 

When it was her turn, again, "Got an idea, babe...you're gonna like this!" He rolled her off his lap to position her on the floor, on her knees.

She looked up at us, "Fuck, you guys are twins! These are twins! I got two big dicks all to myself...this doesn't get any better! They're even more beautiful, side by side...I'm like'n twins!"

Eric smiled, "I enjoy the twin-thing, too, every time I wrap my lips around that dick." 

"Oh sweetie, I understand that...it's fucking gorgeous...my ex had a pencil dick."

Excited to have two, she sucked both, going back and forth. She was insatiable, it seemed. We face-fucked her forever, until she finally looked up, "You guys really need to fuck me...it's been a long time...too fucking long...I want you, both." 

"You got us all night, sweetie." 

"Buddy, if you're okay, get in there...you've got a past...it should all be familiar." I guess I was still a little worried about him, but it really all comes down to sex...and even to a gay man, she's smokin' hot.

She lies on the couch, spreads wide and moans, as he slides in, "Mmmmmm...baby, that's what I missed most. That nice big cock...he's my old friend." His cock head pushed forward, splitting her lips and stretching her like she hadn't been in years...when he penetrated her, he pushed the breath out of her body, and she gasped.

"Mmmmmmm...feels like yesterday...you are still fuckin' perfect!"

Eric grins, "Happy to help, Lar...does feel amazing!"

"Fuck meeeee...ooooh god damn, Eric...that feels so fucking nice...fuck me...fuck me with that dick...that big dick...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...love it!"

While Eric and Laura enjoy their sexual memories, I grind my lips into hers with deep penetrating kisses; then I licked over her body, biting at those nipples...they're so hot, raised off those firm, mounded tits...puffies, fucking love'em! "Laura, your nipples are so fucking hot!"

She really had no interest in her puffies, just what we were doing for her senses, "Uhhhh...uhhhh...mmmmmmmmmm...fuck...s'amazing...fuck meeeee!"

When I made it to her clit, she squeals and runs a hand though my hair...pressing my face into her muff. To give me room, Eric leaned back a little and we raised her butt with a pillow. Moving back over her body, I stopped to watch my boyfriend fuck. It was amazing to see Eric pounding himself into a woman; his cock, and her pussy, were glistening with her juice. I moved closer and felt my cock raging into some ridiculous state of rigidity. Then I teased her clit; like my cock, it was pulsing with blood and swollen hard. Though, it had been a long time since she had a man go down on her...she knew the pleasure it would bring! When I first licked the little hood, her most sensitive spot, she squealed and moaned. My lips closed over it, and I started sucking and flicking it; pleasure responses shot through her body...a million nerve endings made her quiver. Her breath was coming in gasps, but she kept pushing against us and rolling her hips...pushing into my lips...and pushing against his thrusts. 

Soon her body was jerking, wriggling and squirming, as we brought her closer and closer to climax. "Mmmmmmm...you boys...mmmmm...you're gettin' me there, already!" Her body stiffens, but her hips squirm wildly beneath us. She screams, "Oh god...oh god...cummmmmmming...oh god...cummmmmming...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...cumm...mmmming so...harrrrrrd! Yesssssss...yesssssss...fuck...cummmming!"

I was all focused on that little bud, till she started bucking her hips around; but Eric kept pumping into her, steady, through the orgasm. She was quiet and trying to catch her breath, but we could see a need for more; it was in her face...in her eyes. He looked over, "Sorry bud, I know you need some...you get in here...uhhhh...uhhhh...fuck, I know you're gonna like her...she's fucking hot!" He pulls out and lets me take over. I scoot her over to the ottoman, lie her face-down and spread her legs. Her crack glistened with sex; I stroked my dick a few times up through her labia...she wanted some and immediately rolled her hips into me. When I pushed in, I could feel her pushing back. She moaned as the reality hit...in one evening, she was about to be satisfied by a second man, "Ohhhhh god! Two men...two men fucking me...men eating my pussy...this's the best! Fuck me more!"

I felt intense heat wrap around my dick and started stroking into it, pumping hard and fast. We fucked, long and hard, while Eric stroked into her face and teased her with his dick. That night, she took everything we could give her, loving every minute, groaning and meeting each thrust...always begging for more. "Fuck meeee...fuck meeeee...love a big one...my first threesome...oh keep fucking meeeee...Robbbbieeee!"

We traded her back and forth, several times. The room was filled with sounds of sex...hard sex...the grunts, moans and squeals overlapped each other. When he pulled out, instead of shoving back into her, he stood over me and smiled, "Want some?" 

"You read my mind, buddy!" It was juicy with her taste, "Mmmmm...best of both worlds...girl juice on my boyfriend's cock," and he pushed through my lips. 

Eric's standing at the edge of an ottoman and pumping pussy-drenched cock into my mouth, while I get down on Laura. I'm pounding hard and she's nearing an epic orgasm...it was her second, that evening, but I could sense she was going to fucking explode. She bit her lip and humped against my body, impaling herself on her desires. 

In our frenzied, wild fucking, I flipped her and plunged back in...I hooked my arms under her knees to spread her legs. This way, I could get deeper! My hips were a blur as I pounded her, over and over. "Fuck girl, that pussy's so fuckkkkkin' tight...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...fuck!" Her pussy clenched and pulled against me whenever I pulled out...it grabbed hold. With each stroke, I felt it squeezing and caressing. Each time I slammed back in, she met my thrusts, "Rob...bie ...fuck it...fuck that...tight...pussy...love havin' two big cocks!"

She was crazy, fucking horny and, on top of that, her husband was a big disappointment in bed. The way she talked at the restaurant, she'd been relying on toys and masturbation throughout the much of the marriage...I think she wore out vibrators. Anyway, Eric had been telling her that she needed to get back in the game and forget about everything...put it in the past. All great advice, but he used himself as an example...talking about how he has been satisfied. He told her that once he realized he was gay (with bi tendencies), and we started dating, his sex life has been the best ever. All this undoubtedly amped-up her interest in both of us...two men she felt comfortable with, one of which she dated. Now that she had us both making love to her, in her first threesome ever, she just wanted to be satisfied...she had an animal need for satisfaction...she was desperate for cock...desperate for seed!

He was moaning, "Suck me, dude...suck me! Fucccckkkk, that's good! Suck that dick...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...feels so fuckin' good!"

Laura joined in, "Fuck me...Rob, fuck meeeeee...mmmmm...yesssss...fuck meeeee...want all that big cock!" 

He needed little encouragement, but Laura loved what she saw and wanted more, "Oh Eric...fuck him...so hot...fuck'm with that big cock...makes me so fuckin' wet!"

I knew he was probably grinning with pride (I didn't have to look), when he mimicked, "Oh Lar...fuck him...so hot...fuck'm...makes me so fuckin' wet! Fuck that dick...fuck'm...you look so fucking hot. You look happy...so happy...feels good doesn't it? That dick makes ya feel good!" 

Lost in the act of satisfaction, she grinned but said nothing till the waves started, again. Screaming and gasping for breath, her body quivered and bucked into me. "Fuckkkkk! Oh god...cummmmming...cummmmmming...again...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...cummmmming...cummmming! Oh fu...uuu...ck!"

Again, she exploded, in what seemed, almost, like an expression of freedom. Freedom...or release from going unsatisfied for a long, long time...I don't know? It seemed different. Her legs pressed tight around me, but I never stopped pummeling my hips into hers. This time it seemed to last forever; she just kept screaming and I kept grunting into her. Her screams were screams of pleasure...screams of release...screams of happiness that echoed through the house. I even started to wonder if the neighbors could hear. That was it for me, too...she was still moaning and coming down from the peak, but I had to pull out. The very second I left the warmth, I sprayed over her body...the strands overlapped and formed tiny puddles. Without hesitation, she rubs it all over, covering her belly and those beautiful tits. To finish things off, she swiped her hands over her lips and licked the palms.

"Wooowww...wowwwww...damn it...fuck, you two are amazing! The best fucking sex in years! Fuck!" 

"It's like it used to be with you, honey! But, in a threesome, it's twice as good. It all makes sense, because I'm fucking twins...you guys could be brothers!"

"I know Lar...we're thinkin' the same. It's hot and sort of taboo!" He looks at me and grabs the lube, "That was good...but it's my turn?"

Laura and I smile as he replaces her on the ottoman; he pushes his ass up into the air. We both run our hands over his ass and down over his thighs. Lar says, "He's always had a cute ass...nothing's really changed." 

"I know...when we go running, I always hang back and watch." 

Laughing, "That's true...he does...he really does. It's nice."

I knead his cheeks and tease a little, taking things really slow and rubbing myself over the muscled hole. After some nudging and poking, he groans, "Robbie fuck me...put it in...put it in me...need it bad!"

Finally I push forward and he moans when he feels the head poke inside; I let him relax some before going all the way. Still tight as hell (Eric's always tight), I gradually work deeper to where my pubes are brushing his cheeks and then I take it all...all the way in, as deep as it can go.

"Mmmmmm...that's what I want from my man...mmmm...Robbie...that's it! Fuck me!"

As I start with the long, steady strokes, she screams, "Fuck, this is hot...I love this...fuck his ass! My two hot twins are fucking!" 

"Uhhhh, that's good...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh," as I fucked faster, he slammed his ass back to meet my hips. "Love it...fuck me...uhhhh...uhhhh...fuck me...stretch it...stretch that hole...yessssssssss!"

"Oh Eric...sweetie...you love that...you're hard! You love your man's big dick! Fuck, this's too yummy to just watch!" Laura couldn't take it any longer, "I'm taking care of that cock, sweetie!" She scooted underneath to suck him, while I humped into his ass.

Once she had it in her mouth and her lips were tight, I grabbed for his hips and slammed harder, thrusting and grunting into taut, muscular, man-ass. "Mmmm...there's nothing like this!" Despite blowing a load all over Laura, maybe ten minutes ago, I was at the brink. I was ready to fuckin' explode...grunting, moaning and pummeling his hole...pummeling...that solid muscular man-ass! That was it...all she wrote; I pushed balls deep and unloaded into his belly! He felt that warm rush of velvety, smooth cream spray his insides. "Fuck me...my...ass feels...so fucking good...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...fuck me...gimme that load...fill me...in my belly...uhhhh...uhhhh!"

Spurred by the sensation of his man's cum, Eric screamed, "I'm gonna cummmm...Lar...gonna shoot in your mouth...can't hold it...fuckkkkkk...cummmmming...cummmmmming...fuck!" She swallows every drop licks her lips and declares, "Honey, you still taste the same!"
