 It had been six years since we had graduated from college, and for the first time since graduation, all three of us were together again. From the enthusiastic hugs at the airport and then the conversation and laughter during the dinner we shared at a local restaurant on the way to my home, it was clear that while plenty of time had passed and we had kept in contact, the comfort and attraction between the three of us when all together in the same physical location was still undeniable. 

Having returned to my cozy, semi-secluded home in the suburbs, we all sat in the living room, sipping wine and continuing the tales of our lives. With the exceptions of the location – a house – and the presence of alcohol, it could have been any of our final two years of college together: The three of us, tight-knit friends-with-benefits, sitting and chatting and sharing a drink together. Then, Justine and Beth had been roommates while I lived in another dorm across the main quad; now, they were much-welcomed guests who had fortunately been able to clear time in their hectic schedules to come and visit me for a weekend. 

As I sat in the recliner and took another sip of wine, I allowed my eyes to truly linger on Justine as she told Beth about a recent situation at work. The Florida sun had certainly added a glow to Justine's skin, and may have also been responsible for the lighter shade of her shoulder-length brown hair. As when we were in college together, she wore virtually no make-up, just a thin gloss upon her lips – an enticing strawberry flavor, as I had discovered upon meeting her at the airport earlier in the evening – and red fingernails. Her red dress was indeed elegant, with a plunging sequined neckline that permitted a very welcome display of her cleavage, a display which Beth and I both certainly appreciated. The long slit up the skirt of the dress revealed that she was wearing stockings held up by a garter belt, one of its descending white straps definitely noticeable against the well-toned thigh. The red heels provided enough of a contrast for the white stockings to truly attract the eyes. Surprisingly, however, she wore hoop earrings, something she had never worn during college for fear that they would pull at her ears and widen the piercing holes more than was considered safe. 

The conversation turned back toward me, but a few minutes later, the two beautiful young women were again chatting primarily to each other. I took the opportunity to once again study Beth, and was equally impressed. While noticeably shorter than Justine, Beth was also paler in complexion, a testament to living in northern Canada ever since graduation and spending virtually every waking moment inside to conduct her research. As in college, Beth preferred the color black for her outfits: a somewhat-tight sweater, form-fitting slacks, and a pair of low heels. Four tiny earrings adorned each ear, plus she bore a small sparkling stud against her left nostril. Beth's black hair flowed over her shoulders and down her front, and she absently twirled several strands around a finger as she listened to Justine. 

It felt so good to be in their presence once again. Especially since all three of us had been in several failed relationships since graduating from college, I was thankful that I had thought to invite them to spend the weekend with me. I had absolutely no doubt that our chatter would eventually give way to intimacy, but for now, I was quite content to simply sit back in the recliner and openly admire the two stunning beauties perched upon the sofa. 

*****

The intimacy began when we finally went to bed... together. I was on my back under the covers, with a very feminine head resting softly upon each shoulder. An arm wrapped around each of them, I held the two women close to me as they absently stroked my bare chest, dipped a finger into my navel, brushed my thighs through the sweatpants I typically wore to bed, caressed my stiffening manhood. My eyes closed, I reveled in their touches: inherently familiar, yet full of rediscovery due to the lengthy passage of time. 

No words were needed. And as their hands occasionally made contact with each other upon me, I smiled to myself in the darkness, having always enjoyed watching Beth and Justine in their own intimate encounters. But eventually, their touches slowed and ultimately ceased, their breathing falling into the regularity associated with sleep. I stayed awake a little longer, immensely enjoying the closeness with two of the people who had been most important in my life. 

*****

I awoke in the morning to the scent of French Roast coffee, faint yet unmistakable. Justine was gone, clearly the one who had brewed the morning nectar, while Beth and I held each other as she slept. The feel of her pajama-covered breasts against me was a welcome sensation, as it had been over a year since I had last even hugged a woman. Simply waking up in the morning and not finding myself alone in bed was a tremendous thrill in itself; walking up with Beth in my arms made the morning extremely special for me. 

Gently, I kissed her forehead, and she stirred in my arms. She was clearly lost in that odd hazy phase between sleep and consciousness as she nudged me to my back and lay upon me. Underneath the covers, I slowly caressed her as I kissed the top of her head. A few minutes later, as Beth finally awoke and lifted her head to give me a semi-conscious smile, Justine nudged open the bedroom door and carried three mugs of coffee on a tray. 

"Just like old times seeing you two like that," Justine quipped with a smile. Beth simply giggled softly, awakening further as I held her a little tighter. 

*****

Deciding we wanted bagels for breakfast, I headed out into the snow and to a family-owned bagel shop a few blocks away. When I returned, my two beautiful guests were still upstairs, and I was not at all surprised to open the bedroom door and find that Justine's sleep shirt had been removed; she knelt upon the bed, straddling Beth's waist as each woman lovingly touched each other. 

"Just like old times seeing you two like that," I parroted with a smile. Justine simply laughed softly, her eyes inviting me to join them. While it was indeed tempting, I knew that they both would want – and need – some intimate time alone together, so, despite my growing erection, I simply approached the bed long enough to give each of them a gentle kiss to the cheek before retreating from the bedroom, closing the door to allow them their privacy. 

As I sat in the dining room with a bagel and a newspaper, I eventually heard Justine's beautiful cry, and instantly knew that I had made the correct decision in leaving my two longtime friends alone upstairs. Simply imaging what Beth had possibly done to produce such an exquisite sound was arousing in itself, and I found my hand stroking slowly at the front of my jeans. 

*****

After my guests had eaten, while Justine showered, Beth and I retired to the living room. Sitting on the sofa with the stunning young woman straddling my lap, I gazed deep into her eyes as she gently stroked my chest through my sweatshirt. After a few moments, our lips naturally drew together, the slow kiss at once warm and electrifying. 

My hands wandered from Beth's shoulders to her chest, squeezing her breasts gently and feeling her contented moan. I slowly began to unbutton her pajama shirt as the kiss continued, baring her torso to my view once she leaned back from me and helped me to remove the black garment. 

"Bite me hard," she requested breathily, "just like you use to do." 

Rising up on her knees, Beth leaned toward me, offering a breast to my lips. My hands cupping her lower cheeks, I took the proffered nipple into my mouth, sucking gently like a newborn baby for a few moments before trapping the lengthening bud between my teeth and tugging gently. The change in breathing above me signaled that I was doing exactly as she wanted, as she perhaps needed, and I tugged a bit harder, then a bit harder, then a bit harder. 

Then I bit her, firmly, at the base of the nipple. Her hands stiffened at the back of my head, and the hiss above me was unmistakable. My own hands moving up her back to hold her in place, I bit her again, harder, holding the bite for several seconds before releasing her breast from my mouth. For a moment, I looked fondly upon the markings left behind by my teeth, then switched to her other breast and bit my longtime friend again, the soft groan evidence that I was indeed hurting her. 

With one arm still wrapped around her back, my free hand moved between her thighs and began to stroke her sex through the pajama bottoms and panty she wore. I felt Beth shudder as I bit her again – harder – and stroked her with a little more force. I continued biting her and stroking her, enjoying her sounds of hurt and delight, drawing the sweet nectar from her so that I could feel it upon my fingers despite the two layers between my hand and her sex. Eventually, however, I stopped biting her, alternately simply kissing and suckling each breast. I stroked her with more force as she moved against my hand until, finally, her orgasm overtook her, her hands clutching my head to her chest and her powerful, heavy breaths irregular and full of desire and thankfulness. 

As Beth calmed, I kissed her between her breasts, directly over her heart, and she lowered herself so we could share a warm kiss. 

"You two make a nice picture." 

Blushing and giggling softly as we held each other, Beth and I both turned toward Justine for a moment, then Beth hid her embarrassed face in my neck. I held the shorter woman with care as Justine approached us, sitting beside us on the sofa and stroking Beth's cheek before pulling her close to share a brief kiss. 

For several minutes, the three of us simply traded kisses and touches, then Beth finally slid off the sofa, picked up her pajama shirt, and headed upstairs to shower. 

Left to ourselves, I leaned toward Justine and rested my head upon her shoulder, a hand upon her thigh as her damp hair brushed against my head. Wearing a pair of tight black jeans and a form-fitting black turtleneck, her every curve was quite noticeable as my eyes tracked down her body. It was clear that Justine was not wearing a bra, as her nipples were certainly prominent, tenting the thin fabric. 

After a brief, quiet chat, I sat up again and we naturally drew closer to each other, forming a warm, heartfelt embrace. When Justine dropped a hand to my growing erection, I certainly did not mind, and as she unzipped the front of my jeans, I kissed her with more enthusiasm, compelling her to continue. 

Before I knew it, Justine knelt upon the floor between my thighs, slowly pleasuring me with her mouth. She held my hands, allowing us to connect on yet another level. Her actions were slow, deliberate, with her tongue providing the bulk of my pleasure. She would often look up at me, her smile evidence that she was certainly enjoying having her mouth obscenely filled by my manhood once again. 

Eventually, she released my hands, and, as her jaw was apparently a bit sore from being held in an open position for so long, she sat back on her heels and slowly stroked me, working her jaw to release the tension as her eyes were affixed to mine. Reaching out to her, I caressed Justine's cheeks, my eyes and my touches clearly communicating how much I was enjoying having her once again treating me so intimately – "friends-with-benefits" indeed!!! 

In time, she returned to sucking me again, the movement of her head a bit quicker this time. My hips began to move in counter-rhythm to her motions, and more than a few times, I knocked at the top of her throat, causing Justine to grunt or moan softly each time. She had never attempted to deepthroat me when we were in college together, and I was not about to break the mood to attempt it at that moment. 

As Justine's movements slowed again and she finally lifted herself from my throbbing erection, Beth returned to the living room, smiling immediately when she saw the adult activity taking place. While Justine stroked me and gazed fondly up into my eyes, Beth seemed to sashay toward us, ultimately kneeling behind Justine and fondling her breasts through the turtleneck while gently kissing the back of her head. "This is just like old times, back in college," Justine whispered to us both, as if speaking any louder would profane the atmosphere of respectful carnal delights. 

"The only difference," I countered, "is that I haven't fucked either of you yet." 

I thought of those many nights – and sometimes early mornings – in their dorm room when I was alone with these two beautiful and understanding roommates. I remembered countless times on my back on the beds (always pushed together) or on the floor, with one of them riding me hard and fast and the other perched over my face. In my mind's eye, I pictured them both kneeling before me, furious fingering either themselves or each other while taking turns stroking and sucking me before avidly sharing the resultant climax. I recalled sitting in a chair, masturbating as I watched them enjoying each other. I remembered spooning with one of them under the covers, fondling her chest and repeatedly filling her body as the other kissed either her or me passionately and stroked the area of the joining. My mind replayed those moments when I was taking one of them from behind as she feasted upon the other and enjoying the sounds of their ultra-feminine squeals of delight. 

But what really filled me with desire for these two young women, these two longtime companions, were the innumerable times I would awaken in the morning, or sometimes in the middle of the night, and find myself between them, each of them clutching me in her sleep. That they were both comfortable enough with me and especially with each other to essentially "share" me just as each of them was "shared" between me and her roommate had made those particular moments especially meaningful to me. 

...and equally as meaningful was the fact that, all these years later, Beth and Justine both knelt before me, sharing my pulsing erection, taking turns stroking me or suckling at the tip or giving me gentle licks, and as they took turns teasing me, they would also touch and kiss each other, appealing to my visually-oriented mind, captivating my interest in more ways than one. 

Justine finally backed away. "Take him all the way," she instructed her former roommate. 

Beth nodded with a smile, then stood. Her pleated black miniskirt was perfect for what she had intended, which was clear as soon as she stood. Straddling me, she held up the front of her miniskirt and lowered her pantyless body upon me, ultimately impaling herself with a long, lustful moan echoed by my own voice as I watched our joining. I reached up to briefly stroke a breast through her black blouse, and Beth watched with genuine interest as my hand touched her. 

Sitting beside me on the sofa, Justine spread her legs and began to touch herself through her clothing. Her eyes moved up and down Beth's body as the smaller woman began to slowly rise and fall upon me. "It's good to see you two fucking again," Justine admitted, reaching forward with her free hand to gently scratch the other woman's bare leg just above the knee. 

Leaning forward, Beth placed her hands on the back of the sofa, on either side of my head. "Stay still," she told me. "Let me do all the work. You just relax and enjoy." 

"Yes, Mistress," I quipped with a smile. 

Faster and faster Beth moved upon me, rising and falling with more force, more need. It was so good to feel her warm wet passage surrounding me. It was so good to feel her breath in my face as she fucked me. 

"I'm going to drink from you afterwards, Beth," Justine informed. 

That seemed to be the catalyst, causing Beth to move upon me even faster. Her breaths were harder, her eyes closed as she focused upon the sensations at the base of her torso. My hands roamed her body, often returning to her chest to squeeze or even gently tug at each breast. The scent of sex was unmistakable in the living room, adding another level to our much-anticipated reunion. 

At the end, I could not remain still has Beth had instructed me. My hands cupping her lower cheeks, I essentially held her up and rutted into her, my grunts joining her squeals and moans and raspy breaths until, clutching my head tightly, orgasm overtook her, enticing me into joining her and filling her body with my essence for the first time since the night before our college graduation. 

Seemingly a heartbeat later, Beth was on her back upon the carpeted floor, with Justine hunched over between her legs, slowly sucking the combined passions from the smaller woman. After returning my anatomy and clothing to a socially-acceptable state, I knelt beside Justine, touching her fondly, filled with an odd sense of pride as she savored the combined passions. 

I was indeed thankful that she and Beth could come to visit for the weekend. 

*****

After a light lunch at a nearby restaurant, we returned to the house and sat and chatted again for a while before turning to strip poker. This had always been a fun and enjoyable game for us in college, not just because of the nudity involved, but primarily because none of us were really any good at poker (or at card games in general), and it was good to see that nothing had changed in this area during the intervening years. We did make use of a favorite rule we had added to the game in college: Whoever won each round was to remove any one piece of clothing from whoever had the worst hand in each round; since there were three of us playing, this also ensured that the game would last longer before someone was fully nude. 

Beth, still pantyless, was fully nude first. Two rounds later, Justine was fully nude. It was a rare win for me, and as the winner, I had the right to control any sexual activity that – with us, at least – often follows strip poker. Invoking my right, I politely ordered my longtime companions back upstairs to the bedroom, although I felt somewhat "overdressed" wearing just my briefs and my right sock. 

"I'll just watch you two for a while," I said as they both climb onto the large bed. "I'm sure I'll join you eventually." 

Justine smiled and Beth nodded her understanding. While I leaned back against the wall, my eyes feasted upon all the naked female flesh before me as Beth knelt upon the bed in profile to me, Justine assuming a similar position behind her and slowly touching her intimately. 

Beth closed her eyes and sighed happily, a slight smile just barely turning up the edge of her lips. My eyes worked like a camera, capturing every millisecond of this special woman-to-woman coupling, burning each beautiful image into my brain. 

Watching the duo upon the bed, my erection renewed, and Justine turned to me momentarily, looking appreciatively at the growing bulge. Leaning forward, she whispered something into Beth's ear, causing the passive beauty's smile to broaden. Justine cupped Beth's chin, turned the sweet face, and they shared a kiss. 

I watched as they kissed and fondled. Eventually, Beth turned around to face her partner, continuing their pleasant activity. I have always enjoyed watching two young women being intimate, and, especially since I knew both of these young women personally, this particular sapphic display really pulled at my heart. 

Beth soon took the lead, maneuvering Justine to her back upon the bed and planting a line of kisses from one breast to another and then moving slowly downward... and through it all, Justine looked at me through half-opened eyes as her fingers toyed with Beth's hair. Even though I was not actively involved, it was clear that my presence meant a lot to Justine, that my witnessing of this woman-to-woman intimacy added an additional thrill to the experience. As Beth began to feast upon her succulent lower lips, Justine reached out a hand to me, pleading with her eyes for me to approach the bed and join in the fun taking place. 
