 My wife and I needed a spark to reignite our sex life. Our sex was still good, it was just very routine and we were both getting a little bored. We had already introduced toys and were looking for something more. We discussed many different options, but none seemed appealing to both of us. 

"What about a threesome, I asked?"

"With another woman"? responded Sue. 

"No way, I don't want to see you having sex with another woman."

"Ok, what about another guy?" "I would have no problem with that." I said.

"Let me think about it," responded Sue.

A few days later Sue asked me, "Ok, so if hypothetically we were to go forward with this, who would the third person be?"

"I don't want a stranger, and it can't be someone we are too close with."

"How about John?" I suggested.

"Yeah, John sounds like a good idea," said Sue.

"Great," I said, "Let's invite him over one night and see where the night takes us."

So the fateful night arrived and both Sue and I were excited about discovering how the night would go and if John would go along with what we have planned.

John came over and after some small talk, we sat down to watch some television. Sue brought out the drinks. She figured that no matter how much everyone would be into the idea, alcohol would help loosen them up. 

As the evening progressed, we all drank a bit too much, and I suggested that maybe we play some cards. 

"Sure, why not" John responded. 

So we played some texas hold-em and 5-card draw for a while. 

Sue, feeling bold and feeling the effects of the wine, suggested that "we make the game more interesting."

"How so?" John asks.

Sue smiled that coy, sultry smile and said "We could play strip poker." 

John looked at me nervously, not sure how I would respond to him seeing my wife naked, or my wife seeing him naked. 

"Sounds good to me," I said.

I took the first hand with a full house. I looked up at Sue who kicked off her shoes and tossed them into the corner. John opted to shed his belt. 

Sue took the second hand with two pair, tens and eights. I pulled off my t-shirt, and John removed his socks and shoes. Sue took the next hand as well. Off came my shoes and socks, and John's shirt.

John won the next hand and Sue took off her top showing her black lace bra that showcased her 34C tits. I stood up to unbutton my jeans. I turned around and wiggled my ass while dropping my jeans, as I turned around it was clear that I was getting excited already.

I won the next hand, John took off his pants, and was sporting some nice wood as well. Sue took off her pants, showing her full butt covered in only a string bikini panty.

Sue took the next hand and both John and I did a little dance as we removed our boxers. John had a nice size penis, around 8 inches, and I could tell that Sue was enjoying watching it swing around as he danced. I am of average size, around 6 inches, but thicker than John.

"I guess the game is over," said John.

"Not yet," said Sue, "I still have clothes on."

"But what will happen if you win?" John asked. 

"I'm sure I can think of something" said Sue. 

John won the next hand and Sue reached back and unclasped her bra. She looked at me and smiled and she slid it down revealing her tits to John. 

"I have no clothes to take off, so what do I do? I asked. 

John said, "how about you make out with Sue for a minute." 

I moved over to where Sue was sitting and putting one hand behind her head, I pulled her to me. We started slowly sucking on each other's lips, but by the time John called time our tongues were battling. 

"Looks like someone really enjoyed that one," John said as my dick was now at full attention.

I won the next hand. Sue stood up and did a little slow dance for us as she pulled down her soaking panties showing off her neatly trimmed pussy that were oozing her juices. John looked at me and asked what he should do for losing. 

I smiled and said "how about you suck on Sue's nipples, i'm sure she would love that." 

John crawled over to where Sue was sitting and gave her a kiss on the lips and then began to nibble at her neck, moving downward. His mouth found her hard nipple and he took it into his mouth while pinching the other nipple. He then switched nipples. 

When the minute was up Sue was moaning in pleasure. 

I won the next hand as well and suggested that Sue suck my cock while John licked her pussy. Sue came over and got on her and and knees and started hungrily sucking my cock, with her ass up in the air. John got behind her and stuck his face in her pussy. The instant John stuck his tongue inside her she let out a huge moan around my cock. It was so hot that I almost came in her mouth right then. 

John won the next hand and said "that last one looked nice, how about you suck on me while he goes down on you." 

I slid down between her legs and looked up at her with a smile. As I started to lick Sue's clit, I slipped one finger into her and curled up to rub her g-spot while I nibbled on her clit gently, alternating the intensity between her g-spot and her clit. Her legs were shaking and she was whimpering as her pussy got juicier and juicier, and within minutes she was shaking violently.

"OHHHH MYYYYYY GODDDDD!!!!!! I'm going to explode!!!!" she screamed. Her coming made her clamp down on John's cock, causing him to explode in her mouth. She was unable to swallow it all, and it oozed through her lips and dribbled down her chin. I started licking gently as her orgasm subsided and I could swear her lips were so engorged they pulsated with her heartbeat.

Sue straddled me as she grabbed my cock and guided it inside her wet pussy. She was bouncing up and down and I could feel her pussy gripping my dick as she had another orgasm as she rode me. Finally my toes curled as I exploded deep inside her. She smiled and licked her lips as she bent down to give me a long, hot kiss.

Sue looked over at John and said "Now it's time for me to feel that cock of your inside of me."

John needed very little encouragement and laid Sue down on the floor and pushed the head of his cock inside her juicy tunnel and held still for a moment. Sue lifted her hips up to meet his cock as John slowly feed his cock into her.

John and Sue kissed deeply as John began pumping into her. Very quickly they settled into a good rhythm. Sue told John to stop and asked him to move to the couch so she can sit on him and he can take her from behind. He gladly moved to the couch and sat down behind her while she mounted him reverse cowgirl style. 

Sue sits on his cock with her back to him, which gave me a great view of his cock as it enters her dark-haired pussy. I watch as he fucked her, watched his pole moving in and out of her cunt, watching as her clit and inner lips become engorged with her arousal, turning a darker shade of pink the more he strokes in and out of her. His balls were jiggling back and forth, her breasts were bobbing in rhythm as she frantically roud him, moving back and forth and up and down on his cock.

I wasn't too surprised to notice that my dick had become stiff again watching them in action. Sue saw it as well, and motioned for me to come closer. So I went to stand on the couch beside them and she began to suck on me as she rode John.

After a few moments, she released my cock and looked up at me. "Kiss me," she says in a breathless moan. I knelt next to Sue and started kissing her. After a few brief moments, she grabbed my head and pushed it downward, first to her breasts, then to her belly, and finally to her pussy.

"Lick my clit while John fucks me," she moaned. "Make me cum hard!" 

Feeling his cock graze my tongue as he was sliding in and out of her pussy and I kiss her clit is at the same time weird and yet it excited me. Hesitantly, I moved my hand down to get a quick feel of his hard shaft, slick with their juices, as it moved in and out of Sue's pussy. It's so exciting seeing two people up close. 

After a few minutes of this Sue stiffened and moaned as she climaxed for at least the third time. 

It was too much for John to handle and he started cumming in Sue. Seeing his cock twitching and jerking in her was too much for me as well, and I put my cock back into Sue's mouth, and started fucking her face until I couldn't take it anymore and grabbed her head and let out a huge groan as I emptied my cum into her mouth.

We all lay back panting on the couch. John looked at me and Sue and said "we should definitely do this again some time."