 My wife and I once had a threesome with a male friend of ours. Ever since then, she had promised me that she would have one of her girl friends join us sometime. One night, while her best friend, Lila was at our house, she quietly made plans, to keep her promise. It was the holidays, and the girls decided that Lila would party with us. Since she lives several hours away from us, they decided that she would stay over that night.

My wife is 5-8 with long dark hair, great C-cup boobs and, she has the tightest ass I ever seen. Lila is 5-4 with long red hair, DD-cup jugs, shapely legs, and a round little butt. She is a cutie and she knows it. She knows that her boobs are her best feature, so she flaunts her chest all the time, especially around me. 

Lila is forever wearing tank tops; about four sizes to big, letting her boobs spill out the open sides when she moves. When she really wants attention however, she wears clothes that are way too tight, pushing her jugs out the tops of her low cut outfits and dresses. Whenever she is around, I have a perpetual hard on which she and my wife have both noticed.

It was decided that we'd go out to a local country music bar, for dancing and drinking. It was unusually warm for the season and both girls wore matching outfits. They had on skintight jeans, boots, and matching red tank tops which were at least two sizes too small. Both sets of boobs were showcased in all their glory.

I could tell they were not wearing bras as their nipples were straining the fabric on their tops. Their jeans looked like they were painted on with the fabric curling into their pussies. They never both dressed like this, and I had a feeling something was up and, it wasn't just my cock.

We arrived at the bar and the girls began drinking beer, like it was water. They wanted me to dance with them, together and I did so. Every time some other guy would try to muscle in, they told him to get lost.

When the slow songs played, they both curled up into my arms and danced very close. Each girl nuzzled my ears, or neck while we were dancing. As the evening progressed, they began to alternate rubbing my cock through my jeans. As tightly as they were hanging on to me, no one could see what they were doing, but I had a raging hard on most of the time.

As we got closer to midnight, they started getting even bolder. They placed my hands on their tits and told me to have fun. I squeezed my wife's boobs, while palming Lila's, too. Suddenly, each girl slipped out one of their breasts, so that no one could see, and I had bare boob flesh to handle.

Lila's was soft and dark from a tanning booth, and so very large. The areola was huge and pink, with a large hard nipple, in the center. She asked if I liked it and I gave it an affectionate squeeze.

Not to be out done, my wife's tits are tanned also, but she still has tan lines from a bathing suit. Most of the breast is milky white, capped off with a small dark areola and nipple. I gave hers an affectionate squeeze, too.

When the clock struck midnight, both girls kissed me deeply, and pawed my cock, together. My wife said that it was probably time to go home. We each got in the car, all in the front seat.

On the drive home, the girls pulled up their shirts, letting out their tits, and kept tempting me with them. My wife, sitting next to me kept my cock at full attention by unzipping my jeans and pulling it out. She stroked it lightly and, Lila reached over to help out.

By the time we got home, I could tell that these girls were ready for some serious fucking. While I pulled in the driveway, they pulled off their tops, leaving them behind in the front seat when we all got out. I opened the door to our apartment and they strutted in with their bare boobs bouncing proudly in the night air.

After locking the door, Lila walked over to me and almost ripped off my shirt. My wife worked on my pants and then both girls yanked them down. Lila commented on how big and thick my dick is. 

She dropped to her knees and began lightly stroking the steel hard shaft. Her thumb would glide over the tip of my cock head and cause me to shudder. Her other hand was lightly exploring the fur around my balls, and filled her hand with them.

Lila then moved her mouth to my dick, quickly gobbling up my hard log, while my wife was kissing me. I managed to get her pants undone while Lila was slurping pre-cum and saliva around my engorged member. I shoved my hand into my wife's jeans and discovered no panties. I parted her fur, and entered her slit with a finger.

She moaned loudly as I slid my finger in and out of her wet pussy, and then said that it was time to cool off just long enough for all of us to get undressed completely. She ripped off her jeans and Lila rolled hers down, too. I yanked my boots off, and then tossed my pants to the floor. My wife turned on the stereo and disappeared into the kitchen. Lila returned to her knees and resumed her blowjob.

When my wife returned, she said that she had a surprise and that I was to lie down on the floor and close my eyes. I did as I was told and shut my eyes. I heard a hissing sound and some giggling, and then I felt a cold substance on my body. It was whipped cream.

Starting with my nipples, the girls licked off the tasty sauce with their tongues. They applied more and more, each time going lower and lower. Then the texture changed and it was a runny sauce. Turned out it was chocolate. They poured it all over my cock and balls, saying that they were going to mix two great tastes.

I could not tell who was doing what, but I knew that I would not last long at this rate. One girl was licking chocolate sauce off my balls and the other was licking it off my dong. I was more than ready to shoot and told them so.

They said to go ahead, and suddenly, I had two mouths on my rod. The pressure was too much and right after more sauce was applied, I fired an explosive load. I peeked and watched as chocolate and my spunk coated the girl's faces.

My dick was reenergized when I saw what they did next. The girls began to lick the gooey substance off each other. I had not anticipated this, and my dick was instantly hard again.

When they had cleaned each other off, my wife said that they were going to service me all night and to just enjoy what was going to happen. Then Lila stood up, spread her legs apart and began to play with her pussy. It was the first good look I'd gotten at her nude body and it was wonderful. 

Her huge boobs hung low on her chest, but they were firm. Her nipples were harder than at the bar and stuck out from her breasts a good inch or so. As my eyes traveled down her body is could see her very flat belly. Her pussy mound was completely bald and she had no tan lines anywhere. 

Her fingers snaked into her box, and her thick pussy lips protruded outwardly. She moaned for my wife to help out and she came over to her. Lila put my wife's hand on her clit, and told her how to finger it. 

My wife was a little hesitant, so Lila put her hand on my wife's clit, and showed her how. My wife's legs buckled with pleasure, as Lila flicked the nub back and forth. My wife quickly recovered and mimicked the motions of her friend. Each girl was trying to bring the other off. Panting, breathlessly, they asked if I was enjoying the show. All I could do was nod. 

My wife inserted two fingers into Lila's cauldron and slid them in and out quickly. Lila came first with a low deep moan. She got my wife off by returning the favor. Her fingers skillfully danced in and around my wife's pussy. She thumbed her clit and my wife exploded. The sounds of her, cumming, raised the roof.

Panting, my wife told me to fuck Lila first, as she was busy recovering from her own explosive climax. I needed no further invitation. My dick was very hard, so I had Lila crawl on top of me. Facing me, she lowered herself onto my dick, and sank to the hilt, with a contented groan.

Together we began to fuck. While I sucked on her magnificent boob flesh, Lila bounced up and down on my dick, with her big tits flailing in the breeze. My hands mauled those monsters and I rolled and tugged at the turgid nipples. Lila ground her cunt on my rod, rocking back and forth with abandon. 

I changed positions and rolled her onto her back. I placed my rod between her big love pillows and began to tit fuck her. Lila greedily licked at the tip of my cock as it escaped the fleshy tit valley.

Newly refreshed, my wife said that she wanted to join in on our action. I came up with an interesting plan and we went into the bedroom. Except for her massive boobs, Lila is very slight and petite. I had my wife lay out on the bed with her legs dangling over. I then told Lila to crawl on top of her, and lay on her, on her back.

Puzzled, she did as instructed, also dangling her legs over the edge of the bed. My wife reached around Lila's torso and began caressing her large jugs. That elicited a soft purr from Lila.

As for me, I had two very inviting pussies, one on top of another, just inches apart. I rubbed my dong along Lila's slit and then along my wife's. They both quivered and begged me to continue.

My cock was more than ready as I eased it into my wife's gaping hole. Her cries of pleasure were loud, as usual, while I pistoned her box. Suddenly, I pulled out and entered Lila's wet nest with a single thrust.

Lila gasped and began pulling and tugging at her own nipples. She cried out with unintelligible sounds while I was fucking her tight box. My wife was mauling Lila's jugs, helping keep her friend fired up. 

I moved my dick back to my wife's tunnel of love and rammed it back in. Lila whimpered, but while fucking my wife, I fingered Lila's clit, shooting her right over the edge with a yelp.

Quickly I again enter Lila. This time I pumped in and out slowly, wanting to last as long as I could. Lila kept trying to find her clit, but I pushed her hand away and kept on fucking her. My wife said that she needed some attention, so I reentered her quickly. This time I let Lila find a clit, but it was my wife's that she found.

My wife rocketed to another noisy climax due to Lila's deft touch. Then in unison, they asked me to cum on both of them at the same time. Positioned as they were, it would be easy.

I put my straining manhood back up into Lila's pouting hole and began fucking her in earnest. My balls bounced off her ass, while my wife was caressing her friend's body. When the pressure inside my balls built to its inevitable end, I told them to get ready. 

I felt the first rush of juice spurting out of my dick and deep into Lila's tunnel. I pulled my cock out in time to see the second blast hit my wife's love lips dead center. I aimed upwards again and I hit Lila's mound. My spunk had splattered all over both girls' pussies.

Lila moved her hand down to rub in the steaming hot juice into both my wife's and her dripping cauldrons. My wife was still squeezing Lila's tits and moaning loudly, again in the throws of lust.

Finally they crawled off each other and stretched out on the bed. The girls moved so that I'd be between them, and then curled up in my arms. They both thanked me for a wonderful fuck, and my wife said that she loved me. I kissed both of them, and we all fell into a deep sleep.

After a few of hours sleep, Lila stirred, and gently moved her hand down to my dick. She began to lightly stroke it, running her fingers along the shaft and over its head. I awoke from my sleep, with a rapidly growing hard on. Lila whispered that she loved watching a dick get hard, and she was encouraging mine to harden, very quickly.

I rolled onto my back to give her easier access to my dong and balls. Lila scooted down, moved her head, lowering her mouth to my cock head. She slipped it between her lips and slowly bobbed her head up and down.

Due to all the movements, my wife began to stir also. Lila said that she'd like to get my wife going again, and removed her mouth from my prick. She slid one hand onto my wife's breast and began kneading the nipple. A low moan soon escaped my wife's throat.

Lila crawled over me, and moved her hand down my wife's smooth belly. Gently, she parted the furry love lips, and a finger easily snaked into the dark, wet, tunnel. In and out it slid, and finally caused my wife to wake up. 

She moaned for Lila to keep finger fucking her. Lila needed no further incentive. Lila inserted another finger and sped up the tempo of her hand. My wife began to buck her ass up and down to the rhythm of Lila's expert touch.

Lila was stretched out across my body, so I started massaging her sweet ass. She let out a contented moan, but otherwise paid no attention to what I was doing. I spread her legs and found her dripping pussy, so I inserted a couple of fingers. Lila really began to purr, but said that she wanted to concentrate on my wife for the time being.

I told Lila that my wife loves to be eaten out, so she moved between her legs and put her lips on my wife's wide-open pussy. Her tongue slithered out and darted across my wife's clit. She lightly gnawed on her pussy lips, alternately sucking them into her mouth. Lila inserted her talented tongue into my wife's fiery snatch and probed her deeply. My wife screamed out loudly that she was cumming while Lila tongue fucked her.

Covered with pussy juice, Lila moved up to my wife's face and began kissing her and mauling her boobs. My wife responded by asking Lila to turn around. Lila placed her pussy in my wife's face. My wife lapped at Lila's bald pussy.

My dong was about ready to explode watching this scene. Writhing in passion on the bed, both girls were devouring each other's cunts with abandon. I could tell when either would cum because they loudly screamed upon its arrival.

After each had enjoyed several climaxes, they finally turned their attention to me. My wife moved her cum stained face to my straining cock and impaled her mouth on it. Lila began licking my balls while she was fingering her own pussy.

Then, the girls decided to share my cock. Lila licked up one side, and my wife went down the other. My rod would slip from mouth to mouth as the girls went to town on it. Lila was ringing her tongue around the underside of my cock head, and my wife was sucking in my balls. I could not hold back, and I told them I was going to cum. They increased their tempo and told me to go ahead. 

Lila began to pump my dong and that pushed me over the top. With both their mouths on my rod, I let fly. Cum spurted up and out of the hole and both girls tongues tried to catch it. When cum flowed down the side of my shaft, both girls licked it off.

Spent finally, my dick started going limp again. The girls went back to playing with each other. They kissed each other deeply, savoring the taste of cum, and their own pussy juices, in their mouths. My wife was palming Lila's beautiful jugs while her tongue was exploring her mouth. 

Lila decided it was time to be passive and let my wife do the work. My wife moved her head to Lila's large breast and began to suckle the fully engorged nipple. Then she moved to the other breast, and performed the same movements. Lila was moaning softly that the feeling was wonderful. My wife mauled the large boobs while she kept her mouth firmly clamped to the nipple.

While I watched, my rod was growing again. I stroked it lightly, keeping it hard. My wife noticed, and told Lila to stroke my rod for me. I moved over to her and Lila reached out with her hand. My dick was hard now, and she slowly slid her hand up and down the shaft.

My wife kissed her way down Lila's firm belly and then parted her short legs. She began kissing Lila's pussy lips parting them with her tongue. Lila began squirming and thrashing while my wife lapped on her clit.

Lila's juices flowed out all over my wife's face as she licked her pussy clean. Lila was higher than she had been all night. I could tell, because her hand was clamped tightly, around my dick.

Lila was thrashing and bouncing her ass on the bed in the throws of climax. My wife did not stop and continued to send Lila higher and higher. She nuzzled Lila's cunt lips with her teeth and grazed her clit with them, also. My wife sucked on the hardened little nub that was the key to Lila's passion. 

She inserted her tongue into Lila's raging inferno and ran it in and out. That was enough for Lila. She screamed that she was exploding, and came with a rush. After making Lila cum again with her tongue, my wife told me it was time for me to enter Lila, with my hard dong, and fuck her really hard. I had not really fucked just Lila and I was eager to do so.

Lila's eyes lit up as I moved between her legs. I teased her cunt with my dong, sliding it up and down, outside her moist slit. Gasping for breath, she begged me to give her my dick and to hurry. I smiled and thrust my cock in with a single lunge.

Lila let out a loud yelp, and thrust back with her ass. My wife reached around me and tickled my balls while I slowly moved my cock in and out Lila's wet cauldron. Then, I fucked in and out as fast as I could, bouncing my balls on her ass. Suddenly, I slowed the pace and Lila tried to speed up the tempo, but I held out as long as I could.

My wife moved up to Lila's boobs again and began to suck on them. Lila was thrashing around the bed, totally out of control. She pleaded with me to cum inside her, and my wife nodded yes in response.

I picked up the tempo of my thrusts. I spread Lila's legs wide to allow me deeper penetration. Her boobs were being licked and suckled by my wife, and her cunt was being pounded by my dong. Lila rocketed over the top, screaming that she was cumming.

Again, I slowed my pace, but my wife told me hurry along. So, I began to really fuck Lila. My balls bounced off her ass and the bed bounced with the force of my thrusts. My wife stopped sucking on Lila's jugs and just watched. She would lightly rub the mounds with her fingers, but she was focusing on me. I was nearly ready to cum. My wife urged me to fill up Lila's cut with my sauce and Lila begged me to keep splitting her open.

With that, I sped up, and suddenly exploded with wave after wave of cum. My rod spazmed and spurted, deep inside Lila's cunt, filing her completely up. Lila screamed loudly that she loved getting fucked by my cock. My wife moaned loudly and said that she came, just sitting and watching us. 

Exhausted, I fell onto Lila's chest, totally used up. With my dong still inside Lila, we all cuddled together. My spent dick slowly slipped from Lila's pussy and was followed by a river of spunk. Lila moved her hand to her cunt and rubbed the sticky goo back into her pussy. She said that she did not want to loose any of my jiz. My wife kissed Lila and then me. She asked if we had had a good time. We weekly nodded yes. 

We now have threesomes with Lila as often as we can. My wife enjoys it more than she did having one with my friend. So do I.