 Ivy took one last look at herself in the mirror, the tight red dress barely covered her ass and when she bent over her ass was fully on show. Just what she wanted, she didn't come to play tonight, she knew what she wanted and she was out to get it. 

I downed the tequila shot placed in front of me.

"That is disgusting." I grimaced to my friend Sasha.

"Lighten up girl." She replied rolling her eyes.

Sasha was just as bad as me when it came to Sex, she loved it. She was adventurous, and, just out of a relationship she was ready to be fucked by many men.

"See anything you like?" I asked her.

"I see lots of things I like, but where to start is the question.." Sasha's eyes roamed the room. "What about you?"

"Hmm.." I had seen twins earlier. 

Two tall broad shouldered men, both blonde, about six foot. But I hadn't seen them for a while.

"Nah." I shook my head and ordered us another round of drinks.

"Listen, I'm going to make my move. Will you be okay?" Sasha asked getting up from the bar.

"Girl, go and get fucked and tell me about it tomorrow okay?" I said.

"You going?" She asked.

"Nah, but knowing you, you'll end up going home with someone."

We both laughed, I watched Sasha saunter her way through the crowd and immediately she started grinding up against someone. I rolled my eyes and turned around. That's when I saw them. The twins were at the bar and they were both staring at me.

I acted like I didn't see them and started to drink my vodka. The liquid burned my throat making me screw my face up.

"I certainly hope that isn't your orgasm face." I heard a voice in my ear.

I turned slightly and saw one of the twins standing beside me.

"Well why don't you find out." I licked my lips.

His eyes widened slightly.

"Well here's the problem.." He started and nodded at something behind him.

I felt a pair of hands on my shoulders and turned to see the other twin staring at me.

"We come as a pair." The first twin said.

"And did I say that would be a problem?" I challenged.

The twins laughed and high fived each other.

"Oh girl are you in for a good time!" One of the twins said.

"So what are your names?" I asked finishing my drink.

"I'm Curtis." The twin in front of me said.

"I'm Syed." The twin behind me whispered in my ear before kissing just below.

"Do you have somewhere we can go?" I asked.

Curtis shook his head. "Do you?" He asked.

I couldn't take them back to my place, my parents would be home. I shook my head.

Curtis frowned for a moment.

"Fuck it we don't need a 'place' there's a decent alley behind this bar." Syed informed us.

"An alley? What the hell do you take me for?!" I asked.

"A slut." Syed replied shrugging his shoulders.

I contemplated this for a moment, did I really need or want sex that badly? Outside? Where anyone could see?

"Fuck it, take me there now." She ordered.

She got up from the bar and followed as Syed led the way. They left the club and Curtis took hold of her hand, they walked for a moment going behind the bar into a dark alley.

"Won't someone see us?" I asked looking around.

"So what if they do?" Syed asked lifting one eyebrow.

I giggled and pulled him closer to me.

Immediately Syed started kissing me, we kissed for a while before he stopped and Curtis took his place. Curtis was a great kisser. As we continued kissing I felt hands at the hem of my dress, Curtis still had his hands pinning me against the wall so it must've been Syed. Curtis pulled me away from the wall as Syed lifted my dress above my head.

"I'm going to call you devil okay? Wearing a little tight red dress in a bar and not expecting to get fucked. You're a devil." Syed whispered in my ear.

"Actually.. I was expecting to get fucked and I had my eye on you two all night." I admitted. 

Syed smiled at me and turned me around so I was facing the wall.

"Put your hands up here." He instructed holding my arms up.

I placed them against the wall.

"Now, put your feet apart a little." He asked.

I did what he asked.

"You first or me?" Syed asked.

I heard them whispering for a moment then heard zippers. 

Suddenly I felt two cold, firm hands on my breasts. 

"Ah!" I moaned out and the sudden unexpected touch.

My God these hands felt incredible. They stayed still for a moment, before each hand became two fingers, teasing my nipples between them.

This sensation caused me to moan loudly, my judgement of where I was became clouded. I didn't care who heard or saw. I was finally getting what I wanted. I stuck my ass out as the pleasure intensified. I need a cock. NOW.

"Ohhhh, oh yes!" I screamed out as the hands continued their work on my nipples.

I felt a hand running down my ass cheeks and parting them slightly.

"Fuck." I heard Curtis (I think) hiss out.

"Look how tight she looks bro." The voice said.

Suddenly the hands left my breast leaving me standing there breathless. I heard a chuckle.

"Fuck yes! I get first dibs on her ass!" Syed said. 

Okay now I knew the difference in voices, this'll make moaning their names easier!

The hands came back on my breasts, I threw my head back in pleasure.

"Does that feel good Devil?" Syed whispered.

"Fuck yes!" I moaned.

Syed continued to tease my nipples as Curtis started stroking up and down my pussy using his whole hand.

"Christ I don't even need to open you up to know how wet you are!" Curtis admired.

"Hurry up! I need you!" I moaned impatiently.

Curtis and Syed laughed.

"Patience little one. You'll get everything you need." Curtis murmured. 

He continued stroking using his whole hand, then I felt him slip a finger into my pussy lips.

"Oh!" I screamed.

I was wet and there was no denying it. I was dripping. My pussy was aching, I needed a good fucking to sort me out. I was desperate, God I was ready to beg if I had to! 

Curtis ran his finger up and down my slit for a moment before entering it straight into my pussy, I let a breathy sigh out. 

"God, you are soaked." Curtis breathed. 

He continued to pump his finger in and out for a moment while Syed continued his work on my breasts then they both stopped.

"Right bend right over for us okay but come away from the wall." Curtis asked.

I stepped back a little then bent over, Syed came and stood in front of me so I had full view of his dick. It wasn't the biggest but it certainly was thick, I knew what he was about to do and I couldn't wait! Just as Syed pushed his cock into my mouth I felt another entering me from behind, I moaned against Syed's cock which only made him shove it in further. Okay so much for not being big, I was about to gag on this! He pulled back slightly giving me a chance to breathe before full on thrusting roughly into my mouth, I could feel his balls against my chin. I started choking slightly and when I looked up he was smiling down at me. Curtis was going slow into me at first, giving me chance to adjust to this feeling. But after a while he picked up his face and started completely pounding into me. He was holding onto my waist for support and Syed had to hold onto my head to keep me in place.

This feeling was incredible and Curtis was making me lose all my senses, I came again and again on his cock until he emptied his load into me. I felt it filling me up. Syed hadn't cummed but as Curtis took his cock out, so did Syed.

"Fuck!" Curtis groaned. "You're in for a treat bro." He told Syed as they swapped places.

This time I had Curtis' cock in my mouth and Syed was behind me. Syed was a lot rougher than Curtis and boy I was feeling ripped apart, I'd feel this in the morning and for weeks to come. But I was loving it.

After Syed had cum into me they let me stand up, catching my breathe for a moment.

"You are sensational Devil." Syed told me.

"I could say the same about you two." I told them smirking.

"Come here little one." Curtis motioned me closer with his finger.

I walked closer to him and he lifted me up and straight down onto his cock.

"How about both twins at once?" Curtis asked then kissed my lips.

"Fill me up boys." I moaned throwing my head back.

Syed didn't take pity on my poor ass, he just drove his cock straight in there making me scream loudly. I was sure people who had walked past us stopped and stared. Now I had two cocks at once. The boys were holding me up, well, Syed was and Curtis was bouncing me up and down on each of the cocks. 

I couldn't stop the screaming, the cumming, the begging for more.

This was more than I imagined. This was better than I planned. This was everything. 

We started moaning in Unison, the boys starting to get sloppy. My eyes were rolling back, I had to rest my head on Curtis. I was panting and screaming their names as they came inside me.

"Fucking hell girl, you are a different league. Think we could see you again?" Syed asked as they got dressed.

Curtis handed me my dress and I slipped it back on.

"I definitely think you can see me again." I eagerly agreed.

Round 3? Yes please!! 

"Chuck your number in there for me then," Syed asked passing me his phone.

I typed my phone number in and named myself "Red Devil" then passed it back to him.

"See you soon boys." I blew them a kiss as I walked off.

I couldn't wait to see them again.