 "My God, it's actually happening," I thought, as I walked into the upscale hotel room, followed by beautiful girlfriend ... and our guest.

A few weeks before, my girlfriend said she wanted to make my birthday extra special this year and asked if I had any ideas. I had to think, since our sex life lacked nothing: tons of sex, slow, hard, gentle, rough, every way and position imaginable, in public places, role play, we did it all and we knew exactly how to fulfill each other. Plus, my girlfriend is utterly gorgeous and her body is unbelievable. Imagine a 5'6" blonde, big, blue eyes, tiny frame with double E round, perky breasts, flat stomach and little waist, perfectly shaped hips and ass, amazingly toned legs, smooth slightly tanned skin, and a delicious pussy. Even after all this time, just seeing her naked gets me hard and the best part is, she never wears revealing clothing, so the wonders of her body are just for me. 

Although Stacy was open to just about anything, there was one thing we had never done, but I was almost afraid to ask.

"Well, we could involve another person," I said carefully, not wanting to start a massive fight. 

To my surprise, she gave me a devilish smile and said, "Oh really? And did you have someone in mind?" 

This was another potential landmine. "Well, there is that Eve girl from your work. You two flirt all the time." 

"I didn't know you fancied Asian girls?" she responded. 

I shrugged and reminded Stacy that I had never met Eve, so she couldn't accuse me of lusting after her. She smiled with a little uncertainty, nervous about me seeing another girl naked, but finally said, "Let me see what I can do, but you're not fucking her!" 

"No problem," I said, with a giant smile, still not sure it would ever work out.

Over the next few weeks, Stacy flirted with Eve more and more and eventually invited her to join us in a hotel on my birthday. They never mentioned the world "threesome," but there was no talk of leaving the hotel and we were hoping a little wine might get Eve warmed up to the idea, so to speak. 

The night had come and although we had talked about it a lot (a little too much for Stacy's liking), I still couldn't believe I was going to experience every guy's ultimate fantasy.

* * *

The three of us entered the hotel living room, put our things down, and Eve and Stacy sat down on the couch, chatting away. I put some music on and poured us some wine. There was a bit of nervous tension at first and I was worried that Stacy might back out, but after a few more glasses, we were all buzzing and Stacy smirked and said, "Eve, darling? What I'd reeeeeaaaaaaally love now is a long, hot shower. Would you join me?" (Man, I love this woman). 

Eve giggled and nodded enthusiastically, "Yes." Stacy continued, "Jake, you better join us, since it IS your birthday after all. Is that ok, Eve?"

Eve looked me up and down and said playfully, "Do you think he'll fit? He looks pretty big." I stand 6'6" and at 210ibs with an athletic physique, I dwarf both girls, especially Eve. She actually looked scared of what I could do to her petite existence.

The wine had had its effect and Stacy winked at me and said, "I guess we'll just have to squeeze tight together." Good God. 

When we got into the bathroom, I dimmed the lights and suggested, "Eve, why don't we help Stacy take her clothes off?" After pulling her shirt over her head and removing her full, lacy bra, skirt, and panties, I caught Eve staring at Stacy's naked body. "I do it every morning and night," I thought.

"You're even more gorgeous than I imagined!" Eve remarked. It was so hot seeing another woman stare at my girlfriend with lustful eyes. "Though I have to admit," Eve said shyly, "I've been imagining for ages." Obviously, we got the right girl!

"Thanks, babe!" said Stacy. "Your turn."

I was careful not to be caught admiring Eve's body or Stacy would get jealous, but these two young ladies were quite a combination. Stacy was only a size 4, but had bikini model curves. Eve, on the other hand, was also only 5'5", but like most Asian girls, everything about her was tiny. Tanned skin, thin, toned hips and curves, and small but perky breasts with dark nipples that were already hard with the anticipation of what was to come. Best of all, both ladies had shaved for the occasion. 

Stacy was quite possessive of her man and made sure she was the one who undid my pants, revealing my already bulging cock. Eve's eyes burst open, "Oh my god. I've never seen one that huge before!" Stacy grinned, proud of my nine inches of manhood, despite the pain it sometimes caused her.

The shower was steaming and Eve lifted her slim leg in first, allowing the water to drip down her chest. Stacy stood in behind her and I followed so we were all facing forward. I reached for Stacy's hands and slowly guided them over Eve's body so that only her hands were touching her coworker's skin. They ran along Eve's slender shoulders, over her tiny back, down her sides, and across to the petite mounds of her breasts and erect nipples. 

"Pretty nice, babe!" Stacy said. She was not bisexual, but I could tell she was finding the experience of feeling up another girl erotic.

Eve's little brown puppy dog eyes lit up. "Are you sure my boobs are ok? I mean, they're so little compared to yours."

I used Stacy's hands on Eve's breasts to pull us all together in a hug, forcing Eve's ass into Stacy's hips.

"Oh, no, angel, you're gorgeous!"

Our fingers drifted down her back and over her small but sculpted ass, around her firm thighs. Eve was clearly enjoying herself and was slowly swaying to the motions of Stacy's touch. Finally, Stacy slid one finger into Eve's pussy, who let out a moan as her clit responded to Stacy's touch. 

"You're pretty wet, aren't you gorgeous?"

Eve nodded shyly. 

"I guess Jake isn't the only one who's been waiting for this a long time!" Stacy said. I kissed the back of her neck and pressed my rock hard cock against Stacy's round ass to show how much I appreciated it. 

"Eve," I said, "Time for you to turn around."

Eve spun, facing my girlfriend. I gently pulled them together and watched their soaking wet breasts press together, Stacy's huge, round tits, and Eve's small, firm mounds. Their nipples brushed against each other's and I let my hands drop to Eve's hip and brought her dripping wet pussy into Stacy's. 

"Mmmm, you feel so warm, beautiful," Eve said, and draped her arms over Stacy's neck and slid her tongue in her mouth.

A gorgeous Asian girl making out in a steaming hot shower right in front of me was almost too much; I was about to explode. They kissed sensuously like only two women can and ran their hands over each other's nipples, cupped each other's breasts, followed the lines of their back down to their asses, and finally let one finger slide inside the other's pussy. 

"Ohhhhhhhh," Eve moaned with her eyes closed and mouth gaping open with pleasure. 

Watching them stare in each other's guys as they fingered each other made me push my cock harder against Stacy's ass and reach around and play with the breasts I love so much. Stacy took her tongue from Eve's mouth and turned and slid it into mine. 

"Eve, I think Stacy needs to be kissed." I said.

Eve leaned back towards Stacy's lips. 

"Not there, sweetie" and I guided her shoulder down, so she was crouching just inches from Stacy's cunt. She gave her pussy a quick, wet peck and then slid her tongue from top to bottom up my lover's clit.

"Mmmmmhmm," Stacy shuddered with pleasure. "That was soooo good, babe." 

Eve smiled and then went to work, kissing and licking and sucking and tasting all of Stacy's juices and sliding her little hands along the backs of Stacy's thighs and butt.

"Yeah, lick me, baby. Lick it all." Stacy only talked dirty when she was really aroused.

I knelt too and drove my face into Stacy's beautiful ass, grabbing her firm globes and circling my tongue around her tight asshole. The sensation of offering her pussy to another woman's tongue, my familiar lips in her ass, and four hands running all over her lower body made Stacy's legs buckle.

"Ohh God. Whatever you do, don't stop!" She braced her hand against the shower wall to keep from falling, the sensation was so intense. 

The more we licked and sucked, the more Stacy teetered with pleasure. 

"Eve, eat her like it's the most delicious thing you've ever tasted and if you don't lick up every drop, it'll be taken away from you forever." She obeyed and indulged voraciously. 

"Don't stop! Don't stop! I'm close," Stacy screamed as she grabbed Eve's head and pulled it hard into her cunt. 

I reached up and groped Stacy's breasts, pinching her nipples so it hurt, and violently driving my tongue into her asshole. 

Eve's fingers spread Stacy's pussy lips, exposing her swollen clit, and then buried her mouth, swallowing it. 

That was all my baby needed.

"Ohhhhhh," Stacy moaned and her legs crippled, falling back into me. I held her while Eve continued to suck her clit, almost more than Stacy could handle. Wave after wave of orgasm flashed through her and her whole body writhed in uncontrollable ecstasy before finally collapsing in my lap, heaving from exhaustion.

"That was ... earth-shattering. I think I had about 8 orgasms there." 

"You tasted so yummy," Eve said. 

Stacy leaned over her shoulder, feeling the stiffness of my cock.

"You're having fun, aren't you, baby?" 

"Oh yeah. Watching you two is phenomenal." 

Stacy paused nervously for a few seconds, worrying about what she was about to suggest.

"But you want to do more than watch, don't you, baby?"

I studied her face and decided to go for it. "Do you think Eve needs to be taught a lesson?" 

This was our code word for rough, anal sex. Stacy would often purposely provoke me in the bedroom, just so I'd rip her clothes off, roughly bend her over so her ass was piked in the air, spank her, and slam my cock deep in her ass, sometimes without any warming up.

Eve watched Stacy's reaction. "I told you, no fucking!"

It was all or nothing. "I know, baby, but her ass is so tight and she deserves to know what you get to enjoy every night."

Stacy's expression changed. "Well, you are the master and it is your birthday. Just go easy on her."

Eve didn't know what we meant, but she wasn't one to shy away from fun. "I'm game. Give me the best you've got, birthday boy." Oh God, she had no idea what was coming. I never thought we would get to this. 

Eve faced the falling water, I stood behind, and Stacy pressed her perfect breasts into my back and guided my hands over Eve's tiny curves as I had done for her. Nobody compares to my lover, but Eve's body was just so tight and little. Obviously, the thrill of knowing my girlfriend was watching me fondle her coworker made it even hotter.

I let Stacy lead, moving my hands to Eve's firm tits and throbbing nipples, flat stomach, gorgeous legs, tight ass, and finally, tiny little pussy. She was absolutely dripping. I slid my finger up her slit to a point at her clit, which made her jump a little. I massaged it in circular motion and Eve grinded her hips into my finger. I reached between her legs from behind with my other hand and pushed my finger into her cunt. 

She was so tight, she had to wiggle her legs farther apart to allow me entry. "Wait till she feels my cock," I thought. I reached deeper inside to her G-spot, which made her go wild. It was obviously her first time being touched there. 

"That feels soooo good. I had no idea that existed!"

"Jake knows how to please a woman, eh?"

"Honey," Stacy began, "Have you ever had a penis in that tight little ass of yours?"

"What?? No!" Eve replied, startled, especially as the tip of my 9" member brushed against her ass crack.

I waited for Stacy to give me the official go-ahead. She smiled approvingly.

"It's going to hurt at first," I said, "But just focus on my finger on your clit and try to relax. Now lean forward and arch your back, sweetie."

Her thin torso bent over, raising her tiny little ass in the air, just asking to be fucked. Water hit her back and slid down to her ass crack.

Stacy parted her ass cheeks and I grabbed the front of Eve's hips and pulled her ass towards my bulging cock. I lined the tip of my cock up with her tight little knot. 

"Go on. Fuck her, Jake. Fuck her ass."

I reached for Eve's clit with one hand and massage her nipples with the other. I leaned forward as she braced her arms against the front of the shower, pushing her ass back into my cock. 

The throbbing head of my cock poked through her right asshole and I slowly inched forward, just as Stacy used all her strength to pull Eve's ass deeper onto my cock. 

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhh," Eve screamed in pain. "Too deep!" She had nearly all of me, but I ignored her agony.

"Don't worry, babe, it'll get better." I kept rubbing her clit and nipples and Stacy kept the rhythm of her ass sliding forward then pounding back into my cock.

Her ass was the tightest thing I've ever felt and at first, I had to struggle to get in all the way, but now, her tiny butt gripped my cock as she pulled away and then slammed back in, each time deeper than the last.

"Mmmmhm, it's soooo big." 

"Ready for more?" I said.

"More??? There's more?"

Instead of answering, I pulled her cheeks as far apart as they go and put my hands over Stacy's, forcing my cock so deep inside Eve that it nearly pulled her off her feet.

"Fuck, you're going to split me in two!"

"Is it hurting too much?" I was about to stop.

"Yes, but I want it. I can almost feel it in my throat. Fuck me harder!!"

"Wow," I thought, "She asked for it."

I bent my back into it, thrusting into her little Asian pussy while my girlfriend watched admiringly. 

"Oh baby, I'm getting close," I said after my cock slid in and out of Eve's tiny ass a few more times, shaking her entire frame. 

"Oh yeah! Deeper! Come on, deeper!" Eve begged. This little chick had spirit!

Fucking Eve while caressing her tiny curves and feeling my girlfriend's body wrapped around my back was definitely the hottest experience I've ever had. The forbidden pleasure.

"Oh my God, I'm getting close," I said. 

Just when I thought it couldn't get better, Stacy knelt down and slid her tongue up my ass crack as I pounded deep into Eve. No girl had ever done that to me before and it felt weird at first, but there was no way I was going to stop fucking Eve.

As I hammered into her friend, Stacy's sucking and tasting my ass brought on sensations I've never felt before. My cock was ready to explode in orgasm.

"This is it, here it comes," I screamed, ravaging Eve harder than ever before while having my girlfriend indulge on my ass.

"Yes! Yes! Yes! I'm gonna cum!" Eve screamed in a panic.

I looped my arms under Eve's shoulders pulling her body deeper onto my cock and in one giant motion, pounded the farthest yet, exploding cum from my throbbing head deep inside her.

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh" I let out in a massive release at the same time as Eve screamed "Ahhhhhhhhhhhh! Still going! Still going!" so I kept pounding.

I didn't realize, but Stacy had been touching herself while licking my ass and timed it so that she burst out in orgasm just as we did. 

"Stace! You came too, my love?"

"Well I couldn't let you too have all the fun. Besides, I guess I just love seeing my man fucking a beautiful woman."

"Never in my whole life," Eve said, "Have I ever had an orgasm like that. It was like my whole body was exploding. I just never knew that was possible. When can we do it again?"

"There's always next year's birthday," I joked, knowing full well we'd never be able to wait. 

This was the first of many amazing threesome experiences for Stacy and me with different girls, but I'll always remember the best birthday present ever: our evening and three-way orgasm with Eve.