 It hit me for the first time when Samantha called me at work that day. She was wondering what was happening with me and I was telling her about meeting you when the whole thing crossed my mind. How erotic would it be to share a woman with you who I had already been with before? I decided to invite Sam over for a drink.

We were all sitting in the living room talking. I could tell right away that there was a strong chemistry between the two of you and I would take very little coaxing to get you together. The only thing that concerned me somewhat was the fact that Sam was over the top in her nastiness. I had been with raw, animal-like women before in my life, but this woman way by far the wildest and just plain dirtiest I had ever been with. I was not sure if you could take it because I knew when she got like that it brought out the animal in me as well.

I decided I would break the ice by laying it all out on the table. "So Renee, Sam should tell you some of her stories sometime," I said, "she really likes it hard and rough."

Sam looked up at me with a smile, immediately catching the drift of where I was going. "You know it baby," she said.

I could see from the look in your eyes that you had just picked up on the fact that we had been lovers before and it seemed to turn you on. I saw Sam move over closer to you on the sofa, grabbing your face between her hands. She looked you in the eyes, "That's right babe, Rob used to ravage me like a dirty little whore."

She then kissed you deeply and pushed you down on the sofa. She grabbed one breast in her hand and brought her knee up between your legs applying pressure to your pussy. "You think you'd like that Renee," she asked, looking you intensely in the eyes, "you think you'd like the two of us to treat you like a nasty little slut?" 

You were somewhat nervous and excited at the same time. Sam then moved her head down putting her lips to your ear, "I asked you a question bitch," she said before taking your lobe between her teeth and biting down just enough so that you could feel it.

"Yes," you moaned, "yes I want you both."

Sam reached for your blouse, grabbing it with one hand and tearing it open. Your bra unclasped from the front and she quickly undid it with one hand. She grabbed one of your nipples, pinching it hard between her fingers. "Fuck those are nice tits," she said as she moved her mouth down to suck on them.

I watched her massage and suck on your breasts with an animal like intensity. She stopped only for a second to look over at me. "Get over here and get those pants off of her, she ordered, "get that pussy ready for me." 

I did as she asked, moving over to the sofa, undoing your jeans and pulling them off over your legs. You were already soaking wet from the attention Sam was paying to your breasts. When she saw that I had you ready for her, she slid one hand slowly down your smooth stomach. You felt her hand on your pussy as she parted your lips with her fingers and quickly shoved two inside of you. "That's it baby," she said, "I like it nice and wet for me to eat." She immediately began kissing her way down your stomach before burying her face between your legs and eating you voraciously. I heard you start to moan and I knew she as hitting all the right spots. I knew your moaning would be getting to Sam as well. It was only a matter of time I knew she would be getting into one of her nasty waves of desire. 

"That's it bitch, moan for me," she said, "you've got such a sweet little pussy. I bet you Rob just loves fucking the hell out you." She dove back between your legs, taking your clit hard between her lips and sucking it in so that she could flick it with her tongue. You started to squirm beneath her feeling the tingles run through your entire body. 

By this time I had undressed already, so excited with everything I was seeing that I hardly knew where to start. The next time Sam looked up she saw me stroking my rock hard cock. "Bring that big dick over to me Rob," she said, "I want to taste it too."

I kneeled down on the sofa beside you offering my cock to Sam. She raised her head from between your legs and then took me all the way down her throat sucking me hard and deep as she shoved her fingers inside you and fucked you hard with her hand. She then switched back to eating your pussy again as she used her other hand to jerk me off. The only sounds in the room were our moans and Sam's slurping sounds as she continued to work both of us with her hands and mouth. "Fuck you guys are making me so hot," she purred, "my pussy is so fucking wet. I saw her look back between her legs and then bring her hand up to smear her juices over your lips. "That's it babe," she said, parting your lips and shoving her fingers into your mouth, "lick my pussy juice off of me." 

Sam moved up your body again looking you in the eyes as she kissed you deeply. You could taste yourself on her mouth as she offered you here tongue. My cock was absolutely throbbing and aching with desire. I saw Sam's ass in the air and started to move behind her, ready to tear down her pants and ram myself inside of her and satisfy my hunger. Sam simply looked back at me with a smile. "Not yet you horny little fuck, she said, "you guys need to get me out of these clothes and take me to the bedroom." 

I grabbed you by the hands and pulled you up from the sofa. We quickly helped Sam out of here clothes, then I led the both of you to the bedroom. Sam immediately got down on the bed, spreading her legs wide as she pulled herself back to the headboard so she was half sitting. "Now Renee", she said, "get on your hands and knees and give me that hot mouth. I want to feel you eating my sweet pussy."

You did as she asked, crawling up between her legs and then burying your face in her pussy. This was the first time I had seen you with another woman, and from Sam's moans it was obvious that you knew exactly what you were doing. It turned me on even more knowing that it was a pussy I had eaten and fucked so many times myself. Sam's moans started getting louder as she reached down grabbing you by the back of your head and pulling you into her even closer. "Fuck you're good baby," she said, "you like eating pussy don't you. You like eating pussy that your man used to have his cock in all the time. Yeah baby, he used to fuck me until I could barely walk." I wasn't sure, but I hoped Sam's talk was turning you on.

I know that hearing and watching all of this I could not control myself any longer. Seeing your ass in the air I got behind you on the bed and drove my cock into you in one hard thrust. I grabbed you hard around the waist and started fucking you wildly from behind. I could tell from Sam's moans that you were driving her closer and closer to an orgasm. Seeing me and feeling me fucking you so hard was driving her even more wild. "That's it," she cried out, "fuck the little bitch, fuck her hard while she makes me cum."

Soon all I could hear in the room were Sam's moans as you sucked hard on her clit. "Fuck yes," she suddenly cried out, "I'm going to cum, I'm going to cum all over your face. Her hips shot up on the bed against your mouth and her body started to shake on the bed as you took her orgasm from her, making it wash over her entire body. 

Sam was never one to rest after an orgasm. It seemed to drive her into even more desire. She reached down quickly, grabbing you by the hair and pulling you up on top of her until you were face to face. My cock popped out of you as she pulled you away. As Sam looked you in the eyes you could see that she was out of control. She started licking her own juices off of your face, a low moaning escaping from her throat as if she was a purring cat. I saw her look at me with her wild eyes and I knew what she wanted. 

I positioned myself behind you as you got on top of her and I slid my cock inside of you. Sam grabbed you by the face again, looking deeply into your eyes as I entered you and started fucking you. Her words had become inaudible and the purring was quickly becoming a kind of growl. I waited until I knew the moment was right and I pulled my cock out of you to drive it into her. This was what she wanted. She pulled you down tight to her, digging her nails into the skin of your back as she started thrashing wildly on the bed below us trying to meet my thrusts and drive my cock into her even harder. You could feel my stomach against your ass as I kept driving into her with as much power and force as I could. After what seemed like an impossible time of taking her this hard, her growls started to get shorter and louder. I knew she was about to cum again. She grabbed you even tighter, pulling you hard against her as she let out a scream. I felt her pussy contract around my hard cock and her scream seemed to go on forever as she thrashed wildly on the bed, almost throwing both of us off of her. 

Suddenly I heard your voice. Being sandwiched in all of this fucking had driven you over the edge as well and all I heard you say was "Me. Please. Me!"

I pulled out of Sam and slid my cock into you once again. Sam was quickly regaining her senses. She pushed you up so you were on your hands and knees and slid down so that your breasts were hanging in her face. As I grabbed your hips and started to fuck you with harder strokes, she began to work on your nipples with her mouth. Suddenly I felt a hand brushing against my balls every time I drove into you. I realized from your moans that Sam had reached down and was now playing with your clit. Your moans were getting louder and louder from all of this attention. 

Suddenly I heard Sam again: "Come on Rob, let's make this bitch cum harder than she ever imagined." She started sucking harder and harder on your nipples as she rubbed your clit even faster. I increased my pace as well, taking you hard, deep and fast with my all y weight behind my cock. Your breathing was getting shorter and I heard Sam alternating between sucking on your breasts and talking to you. "That's it baby, cum for us, give it to us, come on, fucking cum for us." As your orgasm hit you your entire body seemed like it was vibrating on the bed. I heard you cry out loudly as the shock rushed through you from head to toe. Sam wrapped her arms around you and pulled both of us down on top of her again. "Yeah baby," she said, "I just love making a woman cum so hard." 

At this point my balls were aching from holding back my own orgasm for so long. I turned out that Sam had something planned that I had never experienced before in my life. As I rolled over on the bed and pulled you up beside me, Sam moved around to go down on me and immediately started giving me a wild blow job. I pulled you up close as we both watched her sucking me off. I felt the cum rising in my balls and, just as I was about to shoot my load in her mouth she stopped and grabbed me hard around the base of my cock. "Fuck," I said, "I was going to cum so hard."

Sam just smiled "I know, don't worry, you will thank me later."

As my urge to cum passed she went back to sucking me again right to the brink of shooting my load and then doing the same thing again. She must have done this about five or six times. All I know is that it was now starting to hurt and I was losing my mind, needing to cum more than I ever had before.

Suddenly I heard Sam talking to you: "Get on top of him and take him deep inside of you, you're both going to love this."

You did as she said, straddling me and taking me inside of you all the way to the base of my throbbing and aching cock. "Now don't move," she said, speaking to both of us.

I felt Sam's hand gently grab my aching balls and start to massage them. With her other hand she took and finger and slowly shoved it deep into my ass. As she continued to work on me with both hands it was as if I had lost control of my entire body. Sam knew exactly what she was doing and it was as if she was pulling my orgasm right out of me. You could feel me swelling harder and bigger inside of me than you had ever felt before, then, suddenly, with an amazing force I started throbbing and shooting my cum inside of you. It lasted for so long that I thought I was going to pass out. It amazed me that I came so much it had filled you up to the point where it was running back out of you all over my balls as I was still cumming inside of you. I could barely catch my breath when I heard Sam's voice again. "Fuck that was amazing," she said, "I've never seen anyone cum so much or so fucking hard." 

You and I were completely exhausted from all of this, and, although Sam suggested that we keep going, we convinced her that we could just lie together and rest for a bit. We did that, but when Sam started playing with your pussy again...