 I had made friends with Stacy and Greg at the gym I go to. Stacy caught my eye the very first time I saw her. She had a vibrant, mischievous energy about her. And her body was spectacular. She stood 5' 8" and was beautifully curvy. Strong and sexy she had 37" hips a 29" waist and a stunning, bouncy pair of natural 38 DD breasts that got my cock hard just looking at them.

Greg was a lean, fit, good looking hunk of a guy. He was friendly and reassuring, plus he had a kind of magnetic vibe do him that I couldn't quite place -- and found curiously intriguing.

One Friday, ran into them both at the gym and discovered that they knew each other. We ended up working out together -- which was both stimulating and a strain as I had to resist staring at Stacy's stupendous curves. 

After we were finished, Greg asked us back to his place for beers and a movie on his new TV. Stacy knew Greg and had been to his place before so I followed her on the way there. When we got there Stacy opened the door and we walked in to a very welcoming, spacious home. Greg called down from the upstairs and told us to make ourselves comfortable, and told us he'd be right down. Stacy told me, "you might as well go into the kitchen and get the beer. I'll go set up the TV." I went into the kitchen while Stacy went into the family room. I heard the TV go on, followed by loud, distinctly sexual moans. 

"Hey, check this out!" She called to me.

I went into the family room, beers in hand, and stopped in my tracks. On a big screen LCD TV, there was the image of a muscular blonde stud down on his knees -- and he was sucking the cock of an equally hot, brown haired, brown eyed hunk. And his cock was HUGE! And all this was being done at the command of a scrumptious, stacked woman with platinum blonde hair, who alternated between uttering instructions and encouragement to the blonde cocksucker.

"That's it, take that cock deeper. Mmmm, now bob your head up and down on shaft, oh yeah, suck that cock you whore!" she instructed while pushing his head further down on the thick shaft.

At that moment Greg appeared in the doorway. "Oh, I forgot that was in there", he said without a trace of embarrassment. "I know Stacy likes the guy-on-guy action, but how do you feel about it Mike? We can change it to something else if you like." he checked.

I managed to stammer out something about, "...it being okay in principle, it just wasn't something that I was necessarily into in practice."

At this point Stacy jumped in, "Well it might not be something you've been into before, but it sure looks like it's something you'd like to be!" she said, pointing at my obviously erect penis tenting my shorts.

I blushed with embarrassment at my body's tell tale reaction but before I had to respond Greg ran with Stacy's assessment. "Well in that case, you've got to check out what happens next," and re-directed our attention to the screen. 

The blonde was now kneeling beside her boyfriend talking him through what was obviously going to be the finish to the blowjob he was giving. "Oh babe, you're doing a great job. I knew you'd be a natural at sucking cock. He's getting close babe, he's going to reward with a big juicy load of warm goo." Her boyfriend was getting about a third of the huge cock into his mouth and she was jerking the rest of the shaft with her hand -- fast -- her large breast jiggling in time with her masturbation. "Oh, that's it you fucking slut, you love that fucking cock." She pulled his head off the raging hard-on and the boyfriend let out a starved gasp of frustration, obviously wanting it back in his sucking mouth. But the blonde had a different idea. "Open your mouth," she said, "I want to watch him shoot all over my boyfriend's slutty cock-sucking face."

At that moment Stacy reached out and caressed my shaft with her hand and exclaimed, "Oh my god Mike, you're hard as a rock!" In my fascination I hadn't even noticed she had moved right next to me! 

I moaned at the touch of her hand, while at the same time the tanned stud proceeded to erupt all over the boyfriend's face. The girlfriend groaned in approval as she milked a truly enormous load of jism onto her boyfriend's extended tongue, into his mouth, all over his cheeks and finally onto her own stupendous breasts, which she immediately instructed her boyfriend to lick clean. "Oh yeeaahh, you LOVE that spunk! Lick it up you bitch -- lick it all up!" An order to which he complied with obvious, slutty enthusiasm.

I was left gasping from the combination of Stacy's caresses and the incredibly hot action on the screen. I was astonished to realize that I wished I was playing the role of the boyfriend!

Stacy practically read my mind, which probably wasn't difficult. "Well Mike, I do believe you enjoyed watching that!" she said, grinning.

I stood frozen, my mouth moving, but finding no words to explain myself. 

"You know," she purred seductively, "since you seemed to like that so much we happen to have everyone we need to try that out right here. I'd LOVE to play the girlfriend role and make my boyfriend suck off a big, hard, juicy cock for me, and I know Greg happens to have the big cock part covered. Well...that would leave you in the role of the cocksucking slut boyfriend wouldn't it?" she said, squeezing my cock gently for emphasis. I let out an involuntary gasp as she continued, "And something tells me that's EXACTLY the role you want to play..."

She leaned in and whispered in my ear, "I understand that you're shy about it, that's only natural, but trust me, once you feel that juicy hard on against your tongue you'll wonder why you didn't suck one sooner. And I'm sure you'll want to make up lost time after that", she added, smiling mischievously.

I gulped bashfully -- but I didn't say no to Stacy's idea. She took that as acceptance and pushed forward. "Here, why don't we all get a little more comfortable." She started by stripping off my t-shirt and shorts leaving me standing naked and erect in front of both of them. "Greg, why don't you show Mike what you've got for him," she said presumptuously while she stripped off my clothes. "Gladly," Greg replied, smoothly complying.

"Holy fuck," I murmured involuntarily as Greg stepped out his shorts and his enormous hard-on sprang into view. "Doesn't it look delicious?" Stacy exclaimed, seeing my reaction. "And he cums in buckets too -- even more than that guy in the movie!" she said with obvious relish.

"But don't let his big dick make you forget about me," she said coyly, taking my chin in her hand and directing my gaze to her as she peeled off first her shorts and then her snug workout top. Her gorgeous globes, which had been tantalizing me all through our workout, spilled out and jiggled enticingly as she pulled the top over her head. "You like these don't you," she asked rhetorically. "You're very good at being polite when you take your looks...but I know you like to look at them. And you know what? They feel even better than they look!" She took her breasts in her hands and squeezed them lovingly, "Ooooooohhhhhhh," she moaned, "I'm going to love feeling your hands all over me."

My penis jumped and my eyes widened expectantly. "But first," she said, reigning me in, "You've got some cock to suck for me."

I gulped hesitantly, but Stacy immediately took charge. "Get on your knees," she instructed, pushing down firmly on my shoulder. I sank to my knees and watched with a mixture of curiosity, arousal and uncertainty as Greg walked over to stand beside Stacy -- which put his juicy schlong almost exactly in front of my lips. "Mmmm," Stacy knelt down beside me. "Looks good doesn't it?" she asked as she wrapped her hand around my cock and stroked. "Uuuunnhhhh", I groaned in response to her stroking. "Don't worry, you're going to love sucking cock, and I bet you're going to be a natural too." She took Greg's shaft in her hand and pulled it to my mouth, tracing the head around my lips. I closed my eyes immediately and drank in the sensation, the velvety smoothness, the heat. "Lick it," she whispered in my ear. My tongue extended of its own accord and licked Greg's huge know -- tentatively at first and then with more urgency, more hunger. "Oh yah Mike, keep on doing that." Greg let out a moan. I licked his head some more, then without thinking I reached up and took his shaft in my hand and began to sluttishly swirl my tongue all around the head. Greg moaned again. And then Stacy whispered in my ear, "Yes, you're ready," I felt her deliciously soft breasts squish against my shoulder as she put her hand on the back of my head and pushed my mouth down onto Greg's juicy cock.

"Mmmmffff!" I uttered in surprise as the fat schlong penetrated my virgin mouth. I was flooded with a burst of sensations, the pliable head, the steel hard shaft, throbbing, alive, hot in my mouth. Stacy guided my head through several strokes before pulling me off of Greg. "Oh my goodness you're a fast learner!" she exclaimed, now stroking my hard-on with one hand and Greg's with the other. "Now let's give you a taste of cum so you know what you're in for." I panted in pleasure as she stroked our cocks in unison. She started at the base of Greg's shaft and pulled her hand along it until a tiny pearl emerged at the head, "mmm, that's what I'm looking for," and she repeated the motion not once, not twice, but four more times until there was a big, pearly drop of pre-cum shimmering on the head. Then she took her ample breast in her hand and used her nipple to scoop it up. She brought the cum covered nipple to my mouth, "Lick it," she insisted. I didn't hesitate, my tongue reached out and my lips surrounded her hard nipple, basking in its warmth, shape -- and the sticky glob of Greg's pre-cum. "Ooooooohhhhhh, that's niiiiiicccceeee," she moaned, "but you can do that later. Right now you've got a blowjob to finish!"

With that she withdrew her breast and guided my head back to Greg's hard-on, pulling on Greg's ass to thrust his cock into my now hungry mouth. I gasped again as it entered. "Oh, you love how that big hard cock feels in your mouth. It looks so hot sliding between those sexy lips. I knew you were going to love sucking cock...I knew you'd be a SLUT for it." For the next 15 minutes Stacy gave me hints on how to suck Greg better, urging me on to take him deeper, suck him faster, work his shaft with my hand. Greg was moaning and shaking -- obviously getting close to cumming -- which only turned Stacy on even more.

"That's it Mike, jerk it off, you're gonna make him cum. Where do you want it? In your mouth? Mmmm, I've got an idea, make him cum on your face. Would you like that? To feel his hot spunk squirt all over your face?"

She pulled his cock out of my mouth. "Well?" She repeated, "would you?"

"I don't know," I mumbled.

She smiled at me, "then how come your cock jumped in my hand as soon as I said it?..."

Tell me, she insisted, "Do you want him to cum on your face?" But she already knew the answer.

I did.

"Here, I'll help you." She jerked his shaft with firm, quick strokes. He groaned with pleasure and a big drop of pre-cum oozed onto the head. She gasped and jerked him faster, making the drop grow until it threatened to drip off his cock.

"Lick it up," she ordered huskily. When I hesitated she repeated, "I said lick it up," and pushed my head back towards his cock. She jerked his shaft rapidly, tugging on the slick shaft. "Stick out your tongue, you slut." I obeyed immediately my mouth hungry for his spunk as she spread the pre-cum on my outstretched tongue. "Oh yeeeaahhhhhhhh," she whispered approvingly, "you're going to love this aren't you? This is what you've been waiting for."

I was breathing rapidly, all I could utter was a throaty, "...un-huh..."

"I want to hear you say it," she said. "Tell me what you want."

"Oh Stacy, I want his spunk." I started haltingly.

"Mmmm, yes I can see that," smiling devilishly. "And where exactly do you want it?" She coaxed. She had slowed the pace of her stroking slightly, keeping Greg ready, but not bringing him off yet.

"On me..."

"On you where?"

"On my face!!" I blurted out, "on my face, and in my mouth. Oh yes, lots in my mouth, I want to taste his tangy cream. I want to be drenched in it!!"

"Ohhhhhh, then that's exactly what you'll get my sexy, cocksucking slut." She resumed jacking Greg off faster. "Greg shoots a big, big load and we made sure he hasn't come in over a week so drenched is what you're going to be," (they'd planned this, I realized then!).

As if to confirm it, Greg let out a loud moan announcing his impending ejaculation. Stacy stroked his swollen faster. I saw his cock swell in her hand and then it began - as if in slow motion, I watched the first ribbon of jizz spurt out of Greg's gorgeous cock and arc towards my face, hitting me on the chin. The next spurts were more powerful -- and more abundant -- the second shot squirted directly onto my tongue. My head jerked reflexively, surprised with the force and warmth of the spunk splashing onto it. I saw Stacy smiling lustily, her tongue at the corner of her mouth, as she enthusiastically milked thick, sticky white ropes of jism onto my panting face. He ejaculated copiously all over me, Stacy urging him on all the time. "Oh Greg, he loves it!!! Soak him with it, make it messy for him. Make him swallow a HUGE load!" I lost track of the number of times that Greg spurted his delicious pearly seed onto my waiting face, into my open mouth. When his ejaculation finally subsided I was coated from forehead to cheek and my mouth was full of what felt like a cup of jizz. 

"Oh Mike, you're a mess, a totally sexy mess!" Stacy declared gleefully. "Greg you came in buckets!"

Then Stacy asked kindly, "Are you okay?"

I just closed my eyes, smiled and nodded. "More than okay," I replied.

Stacy smiled in return and reached down to stroke my own rock hard cock, standing at attention and throbbing in the air. " think we need to do something with this," she said, "and I know just what to do."

She gently pushed me down onto my back and placed the head of my cock between the slippery lips of her pussy. She slowly lowered herself onto my aching rod. I gasped with the pleasure, her snug, wet opening embracing my hard-on. "You like that, huh?" I nodded in ecstasy. She smiled as I disappeared inside her. Then she started riding my cock up and down, squeezing me in her exquisite embrace.

As Stacy started fucking me, Greg's jizz was cooling on my face. Once she got her rhythm going she announced, "Here, let me help you with that mess." Smiling mischievously once again she slowly dragged those beautiful DDs back and forth across my face, coating them with Greg's semen. "Here ya go babe," she said, "You've waited very patiently to get your mouth on these...and I know you don't want to waste any of this delicious sperm," and with that she deposited her heavy breasts onto my mouth one after the other. I happily lapped at them, savoring the salty taste of spunk combined with the velvety softness of Stacy's boobs. It wasn't long before my moans of pleasure increased. The combination of Stacy's slippery pussy and her cum covered mounds was bringing on my own orgasm - rapidly.

"Oh yeah babe, you're getting close." She slowed her pumping motion on my cock and then stepped off of me leaving my hard-on throbbing in the air. I groaned with disappointment. Once again she smiled mischievously. She wrapped her hand around my slick penis and began stroking firmly. "Don't worry," she said, "you get to cum too. You just have to be patient for another minute or two." Stacy was kneeling over me still jerking my cock. "I loved watching you lick Greg's sperm off my boobs, your tongue looks soooooo good lapping up that delicious white goo. And I think you liked it a little too, you didn't miss a single did. Do you like having my cum covered jugs in your mouth Mike?"

"I do," I admitted between gasps of pleasure, "I love how they feel on my tongue, against my lips..."

"And?" She encouraged.

"And I love that sticky, gooey, messy cum!!"

"Mmmhmmm," she agreed, "you do don't you. You're a full on cum slut aren't you?"

Hearing the words made me shiver in agreement. "Well?" she persisted, giving my cock an extra squeeze. "I am, I'm a cum slut, I love it! I love having it all over me." I burst out in response to her stroking. "Yes, you are. And you're my cum slut, and I'm going to make sure that you get all you can handle." Stacy said, her eyes twinkling. With that, Stacy wrapped her big, soft breasts around my pulsing meat and starting tit-fucking me expertly. I threw my head back in pleasure as she milked my bursting cock to an enormous ejaculation.

"I want you to cum all over my breasts and then you're going to lick up all that yummy freshly spurted spunk while Greg and I watch." The feeling of her jiggling boobs, the thought of shooting my sperm all over them...not to mention the prospect of having to lick them clean after ... was all it took. My cock throbbed, Stacy responded immediately, quickly pulling back and jerking me off with one hand while cradling her ample mounds with her other arm. The next second I was ejaculating copiously in her cleavage, on her nipples, and all over her. Even with her aiming my shooting cock at her boobs some spunk escaped and splashed on her face, which only made her smile even more.

She continued gently milking my cock until she was sure that she had got all the jism from me. Then she took my hands as she lay down on her back, pulling me up and onto all fours above her reclining body. "You've got some work to do my cocksucking cum slut," she grinned, as she put her hand behind my head and pulled me down towards her beautiful, jizz coated breasts...

Like the story? Have a favorite part? Would you like to read about further adventures? Send me feedback and let me know!