 This night I had a date with a younger white guy that was a customer at the bank that I worked at. I met him out at a club one night, and he asked me if I would go out with him sometime. We decided to make a date, and decided on the night we would go out. It was a couple nights later, and I didn't want my kids to know who I was going out with, so I told him I would meet him at his house, and then we could go out from there.

Needless to say, when I got to his house, he had drinks already fixed and said why don't we just sit here for a while and drink. I didn't care what we did, and was just getting used to being around him without being in a work environment, so I told him that was cool. After a few drinks he started kissing me, and trying to get me in the mood. After awhile, I was as horny as I thought he was, so I decided what the hell, I would fuck him, even though he was a customer and I had never done anything like that before.

We were in his bedroom and he had stripped off all my clothes and he had taken all his clothes off and we were into some heavy oral sex, when I looked up and this gorgeous Spanish guy was standing in the doorway with no clothes on and a huge hardon. I didn't know this guy and he really looked young, and I kind of freaked out and asked Danny, what is really going on. He told me that he had told Freddie that he had a date tonight, and that they had planned what would happen. He said that he decided to get me to drinking and then get me into bed, and then the plan was for Danny to slip into the bed with us. I had never done anything like this before and before I could answer him with a yes or a no, Freddie came over to the bed, and started licking and sucking on my pussy while Danny was sucking and licking on my Tits. I looked at the both of them, and thought, why not, since whether I tell them yes or no, they will probably do it anyway. I calmed down, and just let the feelings take over. It was a great feeling to have two sets of lips on me, sucking and turning me on in ways that I had never felt before. Danny finally decided to fuck me and stuck his cock inside of me, and started riding me, and Freddie had moved up to my tits. After Danny came inside of me, Freddie moved in to take over on my pussy. Freddie and I fucked for a while, and Danny was just licking and sucking on my tits, and then I told him, bite them, and when he started biting on them, I really got turned on, because I love feeling pain on my tits. My tits are huge, 38 DD and love attention. 

Danny and Freddie decided to ask me if I had ever had two cocks in me at the same time, and when I said no, I had never felt that before, Danny told me to get on top of him and ride his cock. I did this and then he pulled me down so that Freddie could reach my ass, and he put his cock inside of me, and then they started fucking my pussy and ass. This was really a great feeling and they both came the same time I did. 

After awhile, Danny got to the point he couldn't even get his cock hard, and told me that was about all he could do. Freddie told me, that if I wanted to, we could move this fuckfeast to his shop, and continue to fuck some more. I was so turned on by this time, and wanted more cock, that I decided to tell Danny goodbye and that we would see him later.

I followed Freddie to his shop and we went inside and immediately stripped off our clothes and fucked the rest of the night. Freddie told me that Danny had called him up and told him about meeting me and how he wanted to get both of them to fuck me at the same time. I asked Freddie if they ever did this before and he told me, yes, but I was the first one who had wore Danny out. Freddie was a great lover and we kept this up for quite awhile. We tried different positions and had a great time together, fucking all night long.

I gave Freddie my phone number and we planned on getting together some more. I had a taste for his cock, and didn't want to give it up. Freddie told me that he enjoyed being with me, and wanted to do it again some time.

I got dressed and drove home. I saw Danny a few days later and he asked me if I had enjoyed our date. I told him, I had never had a date that ended like that but I had really enjoyed our date. Then Danny told me, do you want to know how old Freddie is, and I said sure, how old. He then told me he was only 19 years old, and that he owned his own company and was doing great for a 19 year old. I couldn't believe that I had fucked a 19 year old, and how great a fuck he was for being so young. To this day, Freddie still calls me trying to get me to fuck him again, but I have never met him again. I would like to know that threesomes are always great, but have never tried it again. One day I want to try it with two big black cocks, but till then, I will just think about the night I had two guys, and what it felt like to have two cocks being pumped inside of me at the same time.