 All combinations of 3 way sex - MMF, FFM MFstrapon.

A word from Tina.

I have put this in the category you found it, but really it should be in one called 'for bi people.' Sorry if it offends.

*****

I hadn't been fucked, yet, but I had cum twice. Once when my husband Gordon finger fucked me as his friend Don kissed me and caressed my tits and secondly when Don nestled his deliciously thick and wonderfully hard cock in the cleft of my bum as he rubbed my clit and Gordon sucked my tits.

Gordon and I have been married for just three years; we have no children largely by choice, but also by age, he is fifty eight and I am forty nine. It is not a typical marriage, but then it is not an open one; perhaps slightly ajar might be the most apt description. Both of us occasionally slip through the open door to play away from home, but we never discuss what happens the other side of the door or ask questions. We both know that the other knows, but we never mention anything.

Like many men Gordon has a big thing for seeing two women together. Also he has big things for seeing me with another man and me seeing him with another guy or woman. Gordon is just about as bi as I am, see what I mean about it not being a typical marriage?

Gordon has a fine body. He's quite good looking, just over six feet and weighs around two hundred pounds. Although he works out regularly and plays tennis a couple of times a week his physique is showing the signs of age, but I do not mind that and in any case so is mine. I'm five six with long, black hair that would be flecked with streaks of grey if I did not attend to them. Generally I wear my hair down and probably a little too long for a woman of my age for it tumbles down over my shoulders and onto my back and chest. My body is ok, but there's a little extra padding round the hips and bum and my thighs could be slightly less chunky. Most people, particularly men, however, pay little attention to that for their gaze tends to be focused on my breasts. They are big. In UK measurements they are double D plus, in US sizes, fuck knows. So that's me. Oh yes I am as blind as a bat and do not get on well with contacts so I wear glasses, usually horn rimmed.

We were both aware of the other's 'biness' before we became partners and subsequently married. In fact when I met Gordon through work I was leading a fairly full on lesbian life style. At the time I was living in New York working for a global ad agency. He was a consultant advising us on what persuades people to buy products and knew the woman I was living with. He had known her for some time and one night the three of us ended up in bed. I was pleased to find that I had not become a hard core les as I enjoyed Gordon as much as I did Hayley. He was my first man for five years!

When I moved back to London we slowly got together and became a number. I am not sure whether it was an aid or a detriment to our relationship, but Gordon lived in Oxford where he lectured in applied psychology at the university and I moved into my parent's house in Barnsbury, north London. They had died a few years previously and it had been rented out whilst I was in the US. I had left the agency and was working freelance so that provided an ideal living and working space for me.

As we went through our 'courtship' we made 'confessions' to each other, but I never quite owned up to having lived the life of a lesbian for five years, although of course Hayley may have told him. Equally Gordon did not tell me about the numbers of men he had been with and just how deep into the Oxford gay and bisexual scene he was.

Nevertheless After a year or so we got married.

****

It was in one of those 'mellow moments' when we'd had terrific sex and were lying in each other's arms sharing a spliff and talking that he said. 

"Well how about with another man?"

That excited me. The idea of making love to another guy as my husband watched was a surprisingly strong turn on.

"Would you join in or just watch?" I had asked taking a deep drag on the joint.

"Both, see how it goes" he replied.

However, nothing happened on that front for a few months.

Gordon was on business lecturing at MIT and we were in Boston staying in the Copley Marriott. I love New England generally and Boston in particular and I was tagging along for the ride and the great seafood. It was around nine in the evening when we were drinking in the bar. Gordon had to go to our room to send a contract from his laptop and I got chatting to a guy who had been sitting at the bar. Gordon joined us half an hour or so later.

We arranged to have dinner the next night and one thing led to another and we were in our suite having another drink before going into the bedroom and undressing. In the end they both fucked me and later I got them to wank each other. They came on my tits.

I got so turned on both by having sex with another guy in front of Gordon, but more so probably by seeing them masturbate each other. For some time after that my mind would wander back to seeing them holding each other's cocks, to looking at the expressions on their faces as they rubbed each other and as they made each other cum. I acknowledged to myself that I wanted more.

And I got it.

The second time we did it a few months later it was less spontaneous. Gordon could not think of a friend who we could involve; hardly surprising really when we had both agreed that the boys should play with each other as well as look after me. I was becoming more and more convinced lately that Gordon enjoyed the attentions of another guy in Oxford rather more than he let on to me and hence, I was not surprised when quickly after we had discussed using an 'escort' that he had lined it all up.

Again they both fucked me. At one time we tried doing it with Gordon from the back and Peter from the front both up my pussy, but it didn't work. In the end Gordon took my bum, which he'd had numerous times before and Peter had the front entrance.

Later I revelled in helping them suck each other, but neither came in the other's mouth; they reserved that for my tits and tummy.

And now we were doing it again. Don was divorced. We only knew him from the local pub that Gordon and I visited sometimes together and sometimes alone on a Friday evening. He and I got on well and if it hadn't been so quite close to home and he wasn't a mate of Gordon then he and I could well have gone further! It was rumoured that his wife had left him because she found him with another guy although that was not substantiated. Gordon managed to do that one evening, although he never fully explained how. He didn't also fully explain how he had broached the topic, but informed me that Don would like to join us. That excited me for I did fancy him and the idea of him and Gordon together was a massive turn on.

The three of us went to lunch at a local Italian one Sunday, drank just a little too much Frascati staggered back to our house and simply went to bed. I had been worrying as to how we would actually get it on when Don came round so Gordon orchestrating it with the boozy lunch first worked great. He took over when we got back to the house for no sooner were in it than he said.

"I have to make a few calls so why don't you two get to know each other better?"

"How do you mean?" Don asked.

Gordon smiled. "Well you are two consenting adults aren't you?"

The look on his face when he returned to the living room twenty or so minutes later to find us in each other's arms on a sofa kissing was a sight to behold and that made me love him even more, in my way. At first we stopped but Gordon said.

"Don't let me stop you."

"Are you sure?" Don asked.

"You bet your fucking life I am. You just carry on and let me watch."

Don and I got back to it and gradually we got bolder. We sank back on the sofa so he was half lying on me. The kisses became deeper with open mouths, sucking lips and plunging tongues. I was ruffling his long, greying hair and slipping my fingers inside his dark blue with yellow stripes shirt causing the buttons to pop open. He tentatively at first, but then more confidently as he found no resistance from me or Gordon cupped, squeezed and stroked my breasts and pinched my nipples. He slid his hand inside my scoop fronted top and rubbed my breast through the thin bra sending shivers of pleasure and desire through me. I reached out for the interestingly large and thrillingly hard lump that had been pressing into my leg for the last few moments. It felt good.

Glancing over Don's shoulder my eye caught Gordon's gaze. He smiled and nodded encouragingly looking down at where my hand was now rubbing Don's cock through his dark blue linen trousers.

Don scooped one of my boobs from the protection of the bra cup and mad the usual appreciative noises that I was no so used to hearing. He squeezed it nicely and pinched and pulled my nipple as he thrust his hard on more firmly against my hand. I took that as an invitation or a request and I slid his zip down. Surprisingly easily I got my hand inside his thin trousers and boxers and gripped the bare flesh of his dick.

"Oh yes Tina" he groaned into my ear as he eased my other boob out of my bra, rolling that and my top down so that both of my tits were bare.

It was getting pretty steamy when Gordon chimed in.

"Why don't we get a little more comfortable and use the bed?"

"Sounds good to me," Don replied sitting up.

"Tina why don't you go up and get ready for us?" Gordon suggested.

I left the two of them and went upstairs. Taking my bra and top off I fluffed up my black hair and checked myself in the mirror. Pleased with what I saw for my boobs, given their size do not sag that much and my tummy is childless flat. I slipped my skirt off and contemplated whether to keep my panties on or not; I had already decided to keep the lacy topped holdups on so I took the black thong off. After all it was an Agent Provocateur special and had cost a ridiculous amount considering how little there was of it; I didn't worry about the holdups getting damaged for they were just straightforward Wolfords at a tenner a pair.

Getting into the bed just under the sheet I waited for my lovers thinking. 'Where the bloody hell are they?'

They weren't much longer and they came in bearing wine and glasses, ashtrays and cigarettes and Gordon's tin containing the spliffs.

Standing at the foot of the bed where I could look at both of them they undressed. They both had good bodies with Gordon looking the fitter and leaner and Don having the bigger dick. Both were nicely hairy.

They lay either side of me and I kissed them both.

"Welcome," I smiled. "I thought you had changed your minds."

It was only a short time later that as I was kissing Don and he was rubbing my tits that Gordon caressed my pussy lips as a prelude to shoving his fingers up me and finger fucking me to that first, ice-breaking climax. That was quickly followed by Don making me cum from rubbing my clit as he nestled his cock between my bum cheeks making me wonder whether that was going to be used this evening?

We all messed around on the bed for some time. Rolling around with both of them kissing and caressing me it was a pretty much straightforward threesome I guess with me excitingly the centre of attention; for a while that was perfect. It was not long, though, before Gordon said.

"Go on Don fuck her, she's ready I can tell. Right Tina?"

"Mmmmmmm how did you guess?" I smiled back looking at Don and saying. "How do you want me Don?"

He fucked me from behind with me lying on my side kissing and being caressed by my husband. Don didn't take that long before cumming. As he pulled out, Gordon immediately shoved his cock in and fucked me hard and quick. It was quite some feeling to have an orgasm by one man that was transferred to another, especially as the second one was my husband!

We rested for a while. I could have gone on of course, but then women can can't we? But men? Especially early middle-aged men, they have to take time to recover.

We shared a joint, had a cup of tea, wandered naked around the house, had some cheese and biscuits and then started kissing and caressing again. They both quickly showed signs of recovering particularly when I placed their hands on the other's dick. I watched Gordon carefully and, as I suspected, directly Don started stroking his cock Gordon' reacted very quickly.

"That nice?" Don grunted.

"Mmm, smashing," Gordon sighed clearly pushing himself against Don's hand.

They were kneeling either side of me so I was able to join in. I stroked my way up their thighs and cradled a pair of balls in each hand.

I saw them looking intently at each other as both of them reached out with the hand that wasn't holding the other's cock. Don put his hand on Gordon' shoulder. Gordon seemed to welcome it and leaned forward as he slid his arm round Don's waist. I found it so exciting as I thought 'are they going to kiss?' And they were. It was incredible to see their bodies close the gap between them, their chests press together, their hands pump the other's cock and their mouths meet. My husband is kissing another man went through my mind as I squeezed both pairs of balls. Momentarily I felt a surge of jealousy for he seemed to be enjoying it a little too much in my opinion, but that passed as I got more into what they were doing. The jealousy vanished and was replaced by excitement.

I watched their mouths grinding and their lips squirming as undoubtedly their tongues plundered inside the other's mouth. Their hands started to roam over the other's body and although they couldn't get to their cocks, for I was holding them they went up and down their backs and onto their bums. 

I was realising that I was becoming rather redundant, but so excited was I becoming at seeing Gordon and Don getting it on that I didn't mind.

"You ok with this?" Gordon asked me.

"Yes," I whispered alternating my hands between stroking their cocks and balls and rubbing my tits and pussy lips.

"And are you Gordon?" Don asked as they broke their kiss.

"Yes. Yes I am Don, are you?"

Don beamed a broad smile. "Oh yes Gordon, very, very much so."

"Good," my husband replied in a taught sounding voice.

Don backed away coming nearer to me. I took that to mean he was offering me his cock so I leaned forward, pulled it towards me and kissed it. He was now fully hard so I took him into my mouth.

"Mmmmm lovely Tina that's great, but what about Gordon?"

I slipped the dick out of my mouth and looking at Gordon first then at Don I croaked. "Well why don't you look after him Don, I'm sure Gordon will be ok, won't you darling.

He nodded. Don leaned forward and taking Gordon' cock in his hand he licked his length before doing to my husband exactly what I was doing to him, sucking his cock in long, greedy gulps. I had of course seen Gordon being sucked before, but that didn't detract from the excitement and pleasure I gained this time. With my mouth full of Don and one hand cradling his balls I reached out with the other and after stroking Gordon' balls I held his cock as Don licked and sucked it. This freed up Don's hands and they almost immediately found my tits that I gratefully pushed towards them. He pinched my nipples wonderfully. We kept on like that for a while until Gordon wanted his turn so we switched round and I sucked him as he sucked Don. I was holding Don's prick so they both had free hands and I revelled in having four hands groping and caressing me.

For some reason we suddenly stopped. I don't know why? I was sitting up between them where they were kneeling looking at each other.

"Well Gordon?"

I could see the apprehension in Gordon' eyes as he pondered on what Don meant, just as I was.

"Sorry," Gordon muttered.

"I meant what now Gordon?"

"What do you mean?" Gordon stammered.

"I would have thought that was simple, what do you want now?"

"Oh dear" Gordon smiled looking from Don to me and back again.

"What?"

"I don't know."

"How do you mean? You don't know what I mean or what you want?"

"Both I guess."

"I see" Don said looking at me. "And what about you Tina?"

I truly didn't know what he meant when he addressed me, although I suspect Gordon knew perfectly well that Don was asking him whether he wanted to fuck or be fucked. My heart was pounding at the thought.

"What about me Don?" I asked stroking his nicely rounded bum.

"What would you like is to do now."

"You and Gordon?"

"Yes."

Looking at my husband I said in a croaking voice. "Whatever you both want to do."

Smiling at me, Don looked at Gordon and said quietly.

"Back in your court then Gordon."

"Yes I see, but I really don't know. What would you like to do."

"The truth?" Don asked again looking at me as if for confirmation. I nodded and smiled encouragingly.

"Of course."

Don moved closer to Gordon, ran the back of his fingernails across his chest, let his hand wander downwards onto his cock, stroked that and then looking right into my husband's eyes said quietly.

"I would like to fuck you Gordon."

His words exploded into my mind. They were as exciting and erotic as I had ever heard. I gasped. Gordon looked at me and I nodded.

"Well Tina?" He asked. "Ok?"

"Yes darling" I breathed.

"Yes Don please fuck me" Gordon replied.

"Got some lube Tina?"

"KY ok?" I replied leaning over and opening my little toy drawer that contains a couple of vibrators, the little metal balls, condoms, almond and baby oils and the jelly; an advantage of not having children I smiled.

"That'll be fine."

I handed it to him.

"Why not lay on your front Gordon and get ready for me" Don said.

I sat beside Gordon' head as Don took the KY jelly and smeared it over Gordon' bum making him jump and sigh. He took a condom from the door. "Ok Tina?"

"Yes of course," I replied watching him slide it onto his cock.

"Ok darling?" I asked Gordon stroking his hair and feeling such powerful love for him. I couldn't understand how I could feel that when he was about to be fucked by another man, but I did.

Don got behind Gordon and taking hold of him by each hip he whispered.

"Kneel up for me a little Gordon, it'll be easier like that."

Gordon raised his bum, but kept his knees and head on the bed. I wanted to part of this. I wiggled closer and lifted his head and rested it in my lap. His arms went round me and pulled my tummy tighter to his face, he kissed it.

"Ready Gordon?" Don asked positioning himself between my husband's slightly parted legs. He was holding his condom covered cock about horizontal to the bed. It was nearly touching Gordon bum.

"Yes Don" Gordon said as I felt his grip tighten on the flesh on my hips just above my buttocks.

It really was an incredible sight to watch Don move the tip of his cock inside the crease of Gordon' bum, presumably right on his anus. I saw him push his hips a little and grip Gordon' hip tighter with his spare hand.

"Ok?" He asked.

Gordon grunted what sounded like a yes before gasping and saying sharply. "Oh fuck" as his fingernails dug into me. I stroked his face and whispered. "I love you Gordon."

"Ok Gordon" Don said rubbing his back. " 

I didn't see Don move for a moment or two and then I saw him edge his hips forward a little. Gordon again gasped and cried out. We both reassured him. Don slowly edged himself further into Gordon until I could see he was in as far as he could go.

Gordon didn't react any more, but simply lay against me very tense as I held him. I could remember that feeling very well from when I first had full anal sex. Although we had never discussed, it the concern that Gordon displayed at being fucked suggested to me that he was probably a top and was used to fucking, but not being fucked.
