 Note: This story is non-fiction and a fantasy I've had for a while. It's one of those typical fantasies where married men would love to see their wife with another woman for a threesome. So I'll change the names of the parties involved to protect this horny married man from the northwestern part of the states. 

So here's how I want my fantasy to play out...



My name was Gary and I'm fifty-two years old. I'm 6'-0"" with blonde hair, blue eyes, and blonde pubic hair over my seven-inch cock. I'm married to fifty-year-old Robyn who was 5'8", short chestnut brown hair and brown eyes. She had a nice pair of D-Cup tits that are still perky for her age and a bit of a chubby ass. She keeps her pussy hairy and loves to have her clit licked. Her cunt is so juicy and tasty!

Robyn worked with forty-six year old Jodie who had shoulder length silky blonde hair with a few strands of brown, green eyes and I would estimate to be perky C-Cup tits and the beginnings of a chubby ass. She has a bit of a raspy voice that adds to her sexiness. Jodie was divorced and seemed to bounce from boyfriend to boyfriend. She's hadn't had a new boyfriend for six months now.

It's now early May and the nearby town of Westfield was having a Cinco de Mayo celebration this Friday night. But this year, Robyn invited Jodie to tag along with us since they both had a hair pulling stressful week dealing with their asshole supervisor. I loved the idea of Jodie tagging since I'd secretly have dreams of fucking her. These dreams often end with me jerking off calling out "Fuck me Jodie. Fuck me."

Robyn got dressed for the celebration by wearing a blue Mexican cotton long sleeve tunic dress. It had different colored flowers embroidered on the top of the dress. She also wore sandals on her bare feet.

I wore a tee shirt with blue jeans and sneakers without socks.

Jodie eventually pulled up in our driveway and got out of her car. She wore a purple cotton long sleeve tunic dress. It has white flowers embroidered on the top and front of her dress. She also wore sandals on her bare feet. 

I offered to be the designated drivers so my two dream girls could drink as much as they wanted. I wanted that because I had an ulterior nasty motive in store for later tonight. I can't help it but I'm becoming a dirty old man when it comes to sexy women whether they're older or younger than me. I'm getting to the point where any have way decent port in the storm is okay by my new standards. But Jodie was drooling hot! 

After Jodie gave Robyn and me a little hug, we piled in my Jeep Cherokee then I drove off over to Westfield.

After arriving in town, I found a designated parking lot set-aside for Cinco de Mayo.

I found an empty parking spot and parked my car.

We got out and headed off to the celebration. 

The town of Westfield blocked off part of Maple Street downtown for this celebration. Both sides of Maple were lined with numerous vendors selling Mexican food, Margaritas, Mexican beer, Sombrero hats and other souvenirs for Cinco de Mayo. Both sides of the streets had strings of Christmas lights strung to help give it that Mexican party feeling. Way off in the distance, we could hear Mexican music playing from a DJ. 

I paid the $10 per person entry fee and we were off to party and my two sexy gals were ready.

We first hit a vendor and bought some burritos to eat before the gals started drinking. 

After getting some food in our stomachs, the gals rushed over to the next vendor.

They were ready to drink away their stress so I bought them each a Margarita. I got some bottled water to stay sober.

We walked around and checked out the vendors while the two gals drank their Margarita.

Thirty minutes had passed and the gals finished their second Margarita when we arrived at the DJ playing Mexican music. The romantic song La Gloria Eres Tu played. 

Then to my surprise, Robyn and Jodie joined some other couples started slow dancing with each other on the makeshift dance floor the DJ provided. It was a sexy sight to see my wife slow dancing with another woman and seeing that their breasts lightly touching each other. My thoughts flooded to Jodie's backside. All I could think about was how I wanted to walk over there and fondle Jodie's butt cheeks while they danced. Squeeze her butt cheeks. Rub my cock against the crack of her ass. Grab her, spin her around and slow dance with her and kiss those sexy lips. I shook off that nasty thought before I embarrassed my self by getting a pump tents in my jeans.

So after their slow dance show was over, we walked on down Maple. While the gals walked in front of me, I couldn't help but to stare at Jodie's backside. Then on other occasions, I would take discreet glances down at Jodie's manicured toes. I have to since I have a foot fetish. In fact, I'm always taking discreet glances at women's bare toes. And I thought Jodie had some sexy feet. Her big toes were rounded and the index toe protruded our past the big toe. 

We went up and down the Maple and saw all the vendors. The gals had drunk four Margaritas each and I could tell they were really buzzed. This was exactly where I wanted them. So we agreed to head back to the house after hitting the bathroom.

During the drive home, the gals were chatty.

"Sandy is such a fucking bitch," Jodie said talking about their sixty-year-old female boss.

"You got that right. A total cunt," replied Robyn.

I was surprised to hear Robyn talk like that. I heard her use some of the bad words but only when we were home alone. 

"You know what I think is her problem?" said Jodie.

"What?" Robyn said.

Jodie hesitated for a few seconds. "She really needs to be fucked. Maybe that'll take the asshole out of her personality," said Jodie.

I was a little surprised to hear Jodie talk like that, as this was the first time I heard those words coming out of her mouth. I liked it and it was a turn-on.

"Maybe we should have Gary fuck Sandy?" Robyn jokingly said then reached over and patted my right thigh.

"That's what I need. A good fuck," said Jodie.

I couldn't believe my ears what I heard. But hearing that made me believe that these girls might be primed for some real fun after we get home.

So all the way home the girls continued their bashing about their asshole boss Sandy.

I pulled my Cherokee into the driveway and shut off the engine. I looked in the rearview mirror. "Jodie, with all that you had to drink tonight, I'm thinking it might be best if you spend the night with us. You can sleep on the Futon in our den."

Robyn glanced back at Jodie. "He's right, Jodie. If you get a DUI, Sandy will fire your ass. And love every minute doing it."

Jodie pondered our offer for a few seconds. "You're right. I'll spend the night and don't want to give that cunt Sandy the pleasure of firing me. Besides, I have to take a piss."

I was dancing inside while I opened up my door and got outside. I also loved hearing Jodie fling around those bad words. In my mind it made her sound sexy.

Robyn and Jodie out of the car and we all headed inside our home.

Once we were inside our home, Jodie made a beeline to the bathroom. After she was done peeing, and wished I could have watched, Robyn took a piss.

We all met back in the kitchen.

"I'll tell you what, why don't you gals go into the den and pick out a movie to watch on Netflix, I'll stay here and make us some Margaritas.

Robyn and Jodie smiled at me then walked out of the kitchen arm in arm and headed into the den. 

I was singing and dancing inside while making up a batch of Margaritas.

I finished making a batch of Margaritas and poured out three glasses.

I took the glasses into the den where Robyn and Jodie sat on the Futon ready for some more booze. 

Robyn sat on Jodie's left side and Robyn on the Futon.

I walked over to the Futon and glanced at the movie on the TV. "Which one is this?"

"Some French movie called To Be Daring," said Jodie.

"Oh, subtitles," I said walking over to my Lazy Boy chair and sat down with my Margaritas.

The movie started and the opening scene was a surprise to me. It showed an Erotic Dancer, named Nicole dancing naked on a small stage in a Paris bar filled with people. Then Nicole danced and got on her knees and rubbed her pussy in front of the people.

I thought Robyn would immediately stop the movie but she didn't. I then recalled some mornings when I got on the computer and saw that she had looked at some Lesbian sites during the middle of the night. Perfect. I said in my mind with a smile while I drank my Margaritas. The gals had their eyes glued to the TV while Nicole on the movie had an orgasm while rubbing her pussy in front of the people in the bar.

After some more Margaritas went down the gals throats, another scene in the movie appeared where the roommate of Nicole's watched Janelle masterbated in front of her. This was a start an attempt to get Janelle to be a daring woman. The gals were quiet while they watched that scene and sipped on their Margaritas. I was a happy horn dog with the way the evening was progressing so far. 

The movie moved forward. It had a scene where Nicole and Janelle were in a tunnel in the Paris subway in a cubbyhole by the subway train tracks. Both girls wore long black coats and had previously removed their bras and panties. In order to be daring, the two girls started to rub their pussies. Then Janelle turned and started to kiss Nicole then rub the Nicole's pussy.

I glanced over and Robyn and Jodie's eyes were glued to the TV. I could sense that their breathing was a little heavy and a desire to do that to another woman filled their minds. I noticed that their two glasses was empty.

"Another Margaritas?" I asked them.

"Yes," they both answered without taking their eyes of the TV of the two women in heat.

I got up and walked over to the Futon and picked up their glasses.

I walked over to the kitchen playing it cool but inside I was dancing up and down for joy. I poured the gals another drink and headed back into the den.

The movie progressed to another scene where Janelle was dressed in a red shirt and blue jeans. Janelle sat on the floor by her bed and rubbed the crotch of her jeans. She was showing Nicole that she could rub herself and fake having an orgasm. I took this an opportunity to see if my night would turn out the way I wanted it to end.

"I bet you gals couldn't be that convincing by doing a fake orgasm."

Robyn and Jodie looked at me then at each other. "Sure we can," said Jodie. 

"Prove it," I said and discreetly crossed my fingers. 

Jodie and Robyn looked at each other. 

"Yeah, why not," replied Robyn with a grin that indicated she thought this would be fun.

Jodie and Robyn set their Margaritas on the floor then kicked their sandals off their feet. 

Jodie's right sandal landed in my lap. I glanced down at it and had the nasty urge to sniff and lick it. I kept my cool and left her sandal in my lap. I turned my eyes at Robyn and Jodie anxiously waiting for their show. 

The gals opened up their legs and leaned back in the Futon. 

They both pushed their dress up against their crotch with their right hands. They started to rub their crotches and pretended to be in heat.

"Ohhhhhh..." moaned out Jodie while she rubbed her dress material into the crotch of her panties. 

"Ohhhhhh..." Moaned out Robyn while she rubbed her dress material into the crotch of her panties. 

They continued to rub their dresses into the crotch of their panties and pressed their heads back up against the Futon. They both turned up the fake heat.

"Oh....fuck me Gary. Fuck my pussy," moaned out Jodie while she rubbed her dress against the crotch of her panties.

I was stunned to hear Jodie say that. Completely stunned. 

"Oh...fuck me Gary, Fuck my cunt," moaned out Robyn while she rubbed her dress against the crotch of her panties . I wasn't as stunned with Robyn saying that since she's moaned that often when I fuck her in bed.

"Oh...I'M CUMMING! I'M CUMMING!" cried out Jodie and she closed her eyes and arched up back and brought her feet up off the floor pointing her toes up at the ceiling.

I stared at her toes and wanted to lunge over there and suck on her little tootsies. Especially those rounded big toes.

"MY CUNT IS CUMMING. I'M CUMMING!" cried out Robyn while she also arched up her back and brought her feet up off the floor pointing her toes up at the ceiling.

"How was that?" asked Jodie while she reached down and picked up her Margaritas drink off the floor.

"That was good, but for real is better," I said.

"That's the truth," said Robyn while she picked up her Margaritas drink off the floor.

"You got that right. And if I would have rubbed much longer, I might have actually had an orgasm and wet my panties," said Jodie then she took a drink of her Margaritas.

"That would have been a sweet sight," I said.

Jodie looked at me and gave me a little wink that she approved that comment.

We went back to watching the movie.

The girls finished their Margaritas and I decided not to get them another one. I wanted them a little drunk but not so drunk where they would pass out and ruin my plans.

So we watched the movie and it progressed to another scene where Janelle hooked up with some handsome rich guy. She was in that guy's mansion with the guys sister eating dinner. After they were done, the guy instructed Janelle to stand up. He then instructed her sister to get up and stand in front of Janelle. He instructed Janelle to fondle his sister while he was pressed up against Janelle's back. It wasn't long before that guy had Janelle rubbing his sister's pussy. 

I glanced over at Robyn and Jodie and I could sense their breathing was heavy and might be getting wet from this scene. Plus the sight of Robyn's left knee touching Jodie's right knee was also a good sign. So I went in for the kill.

"Why don't we play a little game?" I said the gals.

"What kind of game?" Jodie curiously asked.

"The game where you two sexy gals obey my every command. Like that guy on the movie."

Robyn and Jodie looked at each other for a second then looked over at me. "Sure," they both said in unison.

"What do you want us to do?" asked Robyn.

"First I want you two to hold hands."

Robyn used her left hand and held Jodie's right hand. They looked like two teenagers on their first date and hitting first base. 

"Good girls. Now, I want Robyn to lean over and give Jodie a light kiss on her lips."

My heart raced while Robyn turned to her left and looked at Jodie who already turned and looked at Robyn. My heart raced even faster while Robyn leaned in closer to Jodie's mouth. I seemed like it would take forever for their lips to touch. Then Robyn's lips finally made contact with Jodie's lips. It was a quick kiss and then Robyn moved her head away.

"Good girls. Now, Jodie, I want you to give Robyn a kiss on her lips. But this time, make it a little longer."

Robyn and Jodie looked at each other. Jodie moved in closer to Robyn and their lips touched. They kissed for a few seconds. Not a hot kiss, but an introductory kiss that looked like two teenagers on their first date.

"Good girls. Now, lets knock it up a notch. I want a passionate kiss," I said while the gals looked over longing for another command. 

Robyn and Jodie looked at each other and moved in closer. Their lips touched and started to passionately kiss. I was fucking hot to finally watch two woman kiss live. Jodie placed her arms around Robyn's body. Robyn placed her arms around Jodie's neck while their kissing started to heat up fast. They closed their eyes. I could sense they started to French kiss. I watched Jodie and Robyn's tongue dance around out of their mouths like they were sword fighting. 

Since their eyes were closed, I grabbed Jodie's sandal off my lap. I sniffed in indication where her feet one occupied. I ran my tongue up and down her sandal. I know it was a bit nasty but that was the Margaritas taking over. 

After a few seconds of kissing they stopped and looked back at me. I could sense they longed for some another commands and felt it could be hotter.

"Stand up."

Robyn and Jodie got up off the couch.

"Slow dance."

Robyn and Jodie placed their arms around each other and started to slow dance. 

"Press your breasts together. Nipple to nipple."

Robyn and Jodie obeyed my command and hugged tight to where their breasts were pressed nipple to nipple against each other. Then to my surprise, Robyn and Jodie kissed again like two lesbian lovers.

"Sweet. Now, I want you to stop slow dancing and move about six inches apart."

Robyn and Jodie stopped dancing and moved about six inches apart. They didn't have to be exact, as I just wanted some space between them. They looked over at me for my next command.

"Robyn, reach out and I want you to cup Jodie's breasts with your hands. Jodie, I want you to reach and cup Robyn's breasts with your hands."

Robyn reached out and cupped Jodie's breasts. 

Jodie reached out and cupped Robyn's breasts.

They both looked at me for another command.

"Squeeze and fondle each other's breasts."

Robyn and Jodie obeyed and started to squeeze and fondle each other's breasts.

"Sweet, now, I was you to rub some fingers around the nipple areas. I want you to get your nipples hard so we can see them through the material of the dresses."

While Robyn and Jodie continued to massage each other's nipples through the material of their dresses, I stood up and walked over.

I stood behind Jodie and decided to take another risk. I reached over and ran my hand the backside of her dress. I could feel her butt cheeks through the material and they felt nice and tight. Jodie didn't resist so I started to squeeze her butt cheeks. Jodie didn't resist.

I moved away from Jodie's backside and walked over to their sides. "Robyn, I want you to reach up under Jodie's dress. I want you to rub the crotch of her panties."

Robyn and Jodie removed their hands from each other's chest. 

Jodie had a hint of a smile as she was looking for this next command.

Robyn reached up under Jodie's dress to the crotch of her panties with her right hand. She started to rub Jodie's crotch with her hand. 

Jodie closed her eyes, and cocked her head back a little and enjoyed the feeling of another woman rubbing the crotch of her panties. Her breathing was started to get heavy again. She started to move her hips forward and backward a little in sync with Robyn's rubbing.

"That's enough for now. So Robyn, stand up and I want Jodie to do the same to you."

Robyn pulled her hands out from under Jodie's dress and stood up.

Jodie reached under Robyn's dress with her right hand to the crotch of her panties. She started rubbing the crotch of Robyn's panties.

Robyn closed her eyes, and cocked her head back a little and enjoyed the feeling of another woman rubbing the crotch of her panties. Her breathing started to get heavy also. She started to move her hips forward and backward a little in sync with Jodie's rubbing. "Yes," Robyn moaned out in a whisper.

"Stop rubbing Jodie. I want you to removed Robyn's panties."

Jodie stopped rubbing and grabbed Robyn's white cotton panties. She slid them down Robyn's legs and to her ankles. Robyn stepped out of her panties. 

"Robyn, do the same to Jodie."

Jodie stood up while Robyn knelt down. 

Robyn reached up under Jodie's dress and grabbed Jodie's blue cotton panties. She slid them down Jodie's legs and to her ankles. Jodie stepped out of her panties.

"Hand me Jodie's panties."

Robyn handed me Jodie's panties. I immediately sniffed the crotch of Jodie's panties. "Mmmm, I love the smell of pussy at night," I said then licked the inside the crotch of the panties. I dropped them to the floor.
