 Tonight was the big night. My girlfriend and I had been talking about doing a threesome before but now we were ready to take the next steps. She had always had a fantasy of being with multiple guys at once, and I had always wanted to try a threesome with her and another girl. I knew if we wanted to actually have a threesome instead of just talk about it, I would have to cave into her wants and have a male, male, female threesome. The thought of me and a buddy pounding my girl out turned me on, the idea that she was so hot and needed to be taken by multiple men got me excited. I thought that even if I couldn't be with my girlfriend and another girl it would still be pretty exciting to see my girlfriend railed by me and a partner. We had continued to talk about it for a week or so, but today we were going to do it and make it happen. It was all set up now for how we were going to go about it too. We didn't want it to be with anyone we knew that we would be running into on a regular basis, and to make it more exotic and taboo we figured we would go out to some night clubs in the area and see if we can find an enterprising young man to make it happen. 

My girlfriend, Jade spent a lot of time getting ready for the night before we headed out from our apartment. We showered together and had a quickie in the shower to get the night started. I stepped out afterward to shave my face before we headed out and she stayed in the shower to shave her legs and pussy extra nice and smooth. As I shaved in the mirror over the sink I could catch the blurry reflection through the shower door of her slowly moving up her leg with the razor. She had nice long legs and was just a bit shorter than me, the perfect height. Afterwards she came out and covered her body with all of these oils and lotions which made her whole body glisten in the light. She took some time getting her hair all set with an iron and blow-dryer. Jade had long black hair and she was able to get the perfect little curls to form at the end that made you scream I want to fuck you as you watched her face moving toward you wrapped in the curled, perfectly sculpted hair, like she was a model walking on a runway. 

Jade decided to wear a dark blue dress for the night along with gold jewelry in the form of a necklace, bracelet, and earrings that dangled down in a shimmering golden waterfall like affect from her ear. Her tan skin made the gold and blue pop even more. She would draw the attention of anyone that saw her walk by. She was so beautiful, so sexy. I put on my designer jeans, some dress shoes, and a fitted top. I applied some cologne while she put her perfume on, both of us sexy, fresh, and feeling great. We headed out to the club that she had picked for the night, Inferno.

We started the night off with some drinks. The red and white strobe lights of the club were flashing, the music was thumping, and people where dancing and mingling all around. It was a pretty extravagant club with multiple floors and bars. We started to get a little tipsy after a few drinks and Jade looked deep into my eyes.

"Are you ready to do this?" she asked.

I smiled, "Yes, let's make it happened" I replied. 

With that she pulled me over to the crowded dance floor and we danced and rubbed up on the other men and women dancing to see if we could find someone friendly to get to know better. The plan was to allow Jade to find a guy that she felt comfortable with that was very sexual and would be willing to hop into a threesome with us. I trusted her to pick a good looking guy, after all, she picked a great looking guy like me, so I knew she had good taste and would find someone to make her happy.

We were having a bit of trouble finding someone open enough to our idea, and a few balked when we approached them and let them in on what we wanted to do. All the dancing and drinking made me have to go take a leak, so I let Jade know and headed off to the bathroom, fighting my way through crowds of people to find the restroom. I don't know how long I took, but when I came back to the dance floor area I searched for Jade and didn't see her. I gave another glance across the floor and then realized why I had missed her. 

I saw my jade with her arms tightly wrapped around the neck of a man a bit taller than her. He would have a couple inches on me. Their bodies were pressed together tightly and he was caressing her thighs with his hands. Their faces where locked together in a passionate kiss, and their bodies rocked back and forth with the music. I got a small knot in my stomach seeing another man making out with my girl, a slight feeling of jealousy. At the same time, it kind of turned me on. Jade was so hot, she could just draw in a young, hot guy like that. I walked over to the dance floor behind where the guy was so that when Jade broke away from the kiss she could see me. I knew this is what we had been looking for.

I danced along with the music and when Jade finally broke away from their embrace she saw me over his shoulder. She looked over at me all sexy, and raised her eyebrow a bit in a suggestive manner. I knew it was on. She spun around and kept dancing, grinding up on him with her ass, moving her body from side to side. At the same time I slowly danced closer and closer to them until I was in front of her. As I came in she smiled and pulled me in towards her, put her arms over my shoulders, drawing me in. Her shoulder swayed from side to side. At the same time she stuck her butt out in that tight dress of hers right into the guy's crotch and rubbed it side to side in lockstep with the music.

Jade turned her ahead around to face the guy, "Hey Ryan, you don't mind do you? This is Sam, he likes to have fun too" she said as she slowly pointed a finger at me. 

"No, this is great!" Ryan blurted out as he continued to grind on her butt.

I nodded my head towards him and presented him with a big smile which he returned.

We danced together for some time and eventually Jade started making out with both of us, one after the other. We all pulled in tightly together rubbing up on each other. It was really hot. After several sessions of this she whispered in Ryan's ear and then pulled away to look at him. He looked over at me, and then back at her, then nodded his head up and down several times. She grabbed both our hands and started pulling us to the door of the club. It was on!

We stormed out of the door of the place, eager to find a cab. Since this was such a popular club there was a line for the taxis, and Jade pulled our hands along with her to go down a side street to see if we could catch one on another street. She then hugged our shareholders, walking in the middle of us as we talked and laughed, giggling down the street. We got to another street and Jade asked me to keep an eye out for a taxi, she wanted to get to know our new friend Ryan a little better. I watched as the 2 of them walked down an alleyway where it was a bit dark and off the main street. I sat at my post on the sidewalk waiting to hail the next taxi to come by.

I couldn't help but keep glancing over at the alleyway. Jade pushed Ryan up against the brick wall with her hands on his chest and started making out with him. She had him completely seduced. I turned back to the road for a bit. I kept looking for a taxi, a few went by but they were full and didn't stop for my hails. I looked back over at the alleyway. I could faintly see Jade, now in a crouched position with her knees stretched out, pulled open and to the side, pushing her dress up her thighs. She was crouching there in front of Ryan who was up against the wall. Her head was bobbing slightly back and forth. She was giving him a blowjob! Ryan's head leaned back with ecstasy. I could tell he was enjoying it, I knew he would, Jade gave great head a combination of those thick lips and the fact that she could blow a cock like a champ.

I didn't realize my girlfriend was such a slut, I thought. Taking a stranger in her mouth like that. This was going to be a fun night, if she is that fired up already. I started to yearn for my own dick to be sucked. I finally spotted a cab and saw it was coming over, I quickly whistled and called out "Jade, Ryan, Cabs here!"

They quickly got themselves together and headed over as I opened the door to the taxi and told the driver where we were going. We piled into the car with Jade in the middle and us guys on either side. Once we started moving Jade looked over at me and I turned to face her to look directly into her eyes. She was looking at me so passionately. She took both her hands and grabbed my face pulling me into hers and gave me an intense full kiss, sticking her tongue into my mouth to play with mine. It was a wet and slobbery kiss from all the Saliva she had from sucking on Ryan's dick. At first I was a little taken aback, but then I let her take control and the kiss grew in passion. I could taste the traces of Ryan's dick from her mouth, but instead of being weirded out by it, it just made it even sexier. We were all so hot and ready to fuck. While we in were in the car, Jade started massaging our dicks from over the top of our pants. The driver was oblivious to our cocks growing hard from Jade's massaging.

When we got the apartment we went straight to the bedroom. Jade sat on the edge of the bed and crossed her long tan legs. She was so beautiful. She pulled the straps from the top of her lovely blue dress down over her shoulders and slowly pushed it down to her hips. She then uncoupled her bra and threw it across the room leaving her breasts exposed. Jade had wonderful breasts, they were the size of cantaloupes but were nice and perky, not those saggy ones. Her nipples stood at attention, Ryan pulled his shirt off and went over to Jade and started sucking on her right nipple. I took my shirt off and went over to suck on her left.

After some moans from Jade after massaging her nipples for a bit she slowly pushed me back a little and guided Ryan in front of her.

"Wait till you see this dick Sam." she stated as she tugged at Ryan's belt and unzipped his pants. "Come here baby." With that she pulled out Ryan's dick which was semi hard and started stroking it fiercely with her right hand. It got hard really quick, and... I was impressed. With the dick hard Jade was able to get both her fists around it with a bit of room to spare.

"Damn, that is a big dick sweetie, you sure you are going to be able to handle it?" I asked her.

She looked up at Ryan smiling, "ohh, he knows I can handle it," and with those words she pushed her hands into a triangle around the base of his cock and then proceeded to slowly engulf her mouth over his penis. She didn't stop until her nose went into his neatly manicured pubes that were trimmed above his dick and his rod was fully lodged into her throat. It must have curved all the way down her esophagus to fit in there. She just looked up with her sweet eyes, with the dark eyeshadow around them, up at Ryan as the dick throbbed inside her mouth. Gazing at him.

"Fuck, this girl is amazing," Ryan gasped. With that Jade began bobbing up and down on Ryan's dick again like she had done in the alley.

I started to pull off my pants and shoes until I was totally naked and then pushed my dick in front of Jade, she took some time away from Ryan's now massive, veiny hard on and focused on giving me head while Ryan tossed the rest of his clothes off. Jade then started alternating between our dicks with her hands and mouth. After a bit of this she stood up, spun around and pulled her Dress and thong down to her ankles, leaving her heels on. She then climbed up onto the bed doggie style and offered us a nice view of her ass. She looked back at us and slapped her butt. "Come and get it boys" she ordered us.

Ryan was quick and jumped on her before I could move. He plunged his dick into her now dripping pussy and started fucking her nice and good. I went over in front of Jade, and got settled on the bed, and let her suck my dick. Jade was having a good time and was moaning and screeching with Ryan's thrusts. From this position I could see her getting fucked real well. I followed the contours of her body back and over her ass and then to the man fucking her doggy style. Ryan had a nice athletic body, he had pretty chiseled muscles and looked like a college athlete. His eyes were focused on her ass as he continued pounding away at his prey. 

After a bit of the continued thrusting Jade looked at me, "Get down underneath me and lick my clit while he fucks me" she told me. I slowly slipped under her on the bed and did what she asked. I ended up being really close to Ryan's dick thrusting in and out of her, and it made me feel a bit uncomfortable, but I could tell Jade was enjoying it as I flicked her clit with my tongue. We got into a good rhythm and Jade was squirming with pleasure. I think Ryan liked it too because he was thrusting harder to the point that he was making his balls smack into my face, never had something like that happen before but I was so caught up in the moment I let it slide. I could smell the sex in the air. Ryan's dick, balls, and ass were completely smooth besides the trimmed pubes above his dick. He looked like he took good care of himself, like he just came out of the shower and was ready to fuck.

Ryan then opened his mouth, "You got him Jade?" he asked. Jade, from her positon above me grabbed my ankles and pushed her abs down onto me, holding me in place. "Yes, I got em" Jade replied back.

"Wait wha..?" I started to stammer, suddenly Ryan pulled out of Jade and she shimmied forward a bit still holding me down. She moved her ass and pussy down to over my chest and I lay below her, upside down looking up with Ryan's Shlong dangling right above my now exposed face. He had his knees on the bed and there was not that much room between my face and his crotch as he hovered above me, his wet cock slowly gyrating around as he repositioned himself. 

"Open up" He demanded.

"What the fuck are you talking about?" I blurted out a little frightened. Jade then spoke up.

"Let him stick it in your mouth baby. It will be fun for you and I want you to do it. So do it."

Ryan then followed up with "Yea, open up those sweet little lips."

"But... I don't do that" I stammered. 

Jade then took control of the situation. 

"Listen, you are going to open up and do what we tell you." She moved her hand away from holding down my legs, but still held me in place with her elbow, and then grabbed my balls with her hand.

"You are going to suck Ryan's dick, and you are going to like it, now do it, or else." With that she tightened her hand around my balls with a clenched fist, and I felt pain shoot up though my body. "Now give it to him muscles." She instructed Ryan.

With that, Ryan pushed his dick onto the top of my lips. I held them tight and refused his entry, but He kept poking at them.

"Spread your lips and take his manhood" Jade ordered me. She again started to squeeze more tightly on my balls.

With Ryan still pecking at my lips with his engorged cock I did the only thing I could think of to do. I parted them and let his dick slide inside my mouth. I could taste both Jade's Juices from her pussy and his man musk in my mouth. His dick was slid in against my tongue. He began face fucking me with his dick. It was long thick and veiny. Jade could hear me gurgling as I struggled to breathe with the massive rod shoved in my mouth. She asked Ryan, "how is it you hunk, is my boyfriend good at sucking your dick?

Ryan replied as he continued thrusting "Yes, Sam here has a real nice mouth, he makes a great cocksucker."

I couldn't say anything with the dick in my mouth, and my eyes began to tear up from choking on the dick.

Jade slowly spun around still on top of me. She was now face to face with me. "Look Sam, you do what we say and we will give you the best orgasm of your life, don't, and I am going to teach your balls a hard lesson, and you will never be allowed to fuck me again. So what do you say, will you do as we say?"

I thought about it a moment and then tried to say yes, but it came out all muffled with the dick in my mouth.

"What was that?" Jade said smiling as she hovered over my chest watching closely as Ryan's dick kept thrusting.

Ryan pulled out for a second, and left my eyes a clear view to Jade's face.

"Yes, I'll do what you say" I stammered as I caught my breath.

"Perrrrrrrrrfeeeeccccctttt" Jade distinctively exclaimed as she slowly backed off of my body.

"Hop over and suck Ryan doggie style while I eat your dick"

Without saying another word, I spun around to face Ryan, and hopped into the doggie style position and started to suck on Ryan's dick again. I started to get better at it now that I had the feel for things after he had face fucked me. It wasn't so bad, I mean after all Ryan had a great, muscular, good looking body and he enjoyed it, so what was wrong with what I was doing? It is not like he was an ugly guy or something. I could see he was turned on by it, by me. It was actually kind of fun slurping on his member and teasing it, teasing him.

As I lay on all fours on the bed Jade slipped underneath me. She started sucking on my dick and got it really hard again. I could feel how wet and hot her mouth was. She took it out for a second to say: "Let me show you some tricks you can use on our lover." She then did a number of splendid moves on my dick which felt great. I realized she would exhale and then engulf my whole dick and I tried it out on Ryan and realized it worked! I was able to take him much deeper without gagging, but not all the way. I also swirled my tongue around his head like Jade did it to me. It had a nice, smooth texture on his bulbous head. I licked the full length of his cock up and down with my tongue.

Jade started to move her hands around my ass and massage my cheeks. She pulled them apart, pushed them back together, and continually squeezed them. She then moved her head a little lower and then started to lick under my balls, in my perineum, and slobbered it up with her mouth sucking on the area. Then she went a little bit farther, I could feel her tongue start flicking my asshole. Having her lick me down there was so erotic. Jade had never done that before. I felt like I had been missing out all this time on this amazing feeling I was now experiencing. My dick was pointing straight up and she slowly stroked it with her hand, I felt like I could just cum right there from her rimming my asshole. I was in ecstasy. I was still working Ryan's dick in and out of my mouth as Jade performed her wonders.

I felt her hand leave my ass for a moment. When it came back I felt it pull at the corner of my asshole dripping wet. She must have licked the tip of her finger. She started to probe around the edge of my tight butthole until she found my sweet spot. Then she forced her finger into my anus up to the knuckle. I felt a burning sensation in my asshole as she violated me in this way. My asshole clenched around her finger. After she gave me a second to adjust she started slowly mover her finger in and out. It started to slide in and out easier and she pulled it out again. I heard her slap her hand on her pussy a bit and shake it around like she was masturbating. Next thing I knew the hand was back on my asshole dripping wet and this time when she pushed in with her middle finger, it slid right in. She had lubed my bumhole up with her pussy juices! She really got into it now and began to finger fuck my butthole faster and faster. 

While she was doing this I was still sucking off Ryan and had her massaging my dick with her hand. I never felt so much intense pleasure before. The sense that it was taboo turned me on even more. I felt this burning sensation in my asshole that both hurt and felt good at the same time. In never felt this type of feeling before. It made my dick which Jade was stroking want to shoot out cum like crazy, it was intense.
