 The rest of the afternoon was consumed with naps and a stroll to the falls. There's a spot on the Canadian side where you can pretty much guarantee the mist will get you and it was well populated as it was a ninety five degree day. Everyone wanted to catch some of the cooling mist. The attire You had chosen for me for this escapade was a lightweight pale turquoise cotton tee that ended mid thigh. I added bright pink shoes with four inch heels and matched my toe and fingernail polish to them. 

We wandered into the throng of mist aficionados and in no time at all we too were ever so slowly becoming drenched in the cooling vapors. The wetter we got, the more prominent my nipples became. It also became quite evident that I was wearing no panties as the flimsy fabric clung to my ass and thighs. Looking around, there were several women whose headlights were also on high beam, but in my case the light blue material molded itself to my braless contours like paint. You ogled me like you wanted to take me right then and there, sending shivers down my spine. Other men were were eyeing too, as well as some women, others were simply keeping their thoughts to themselves, and the kids all seemed oblivious to the erotic display.

We hung out for a while, then headed back, drying out quickly in the sun and heat. By the time we got in the elevator again, you'd never know how much on display I'd been just a few minute prior. Again there was a very cute guy in the cab and I got the urge to display myself. Once the doors shut, I pulled the tee up, over my head, and off, treating him to a display of my b cups, stiff nipples, and hairless snatch. We got off at 15 and on the way out, I draped the tee over his shoulder. Looking back as the doors closed behind us he was staring mouth agape as I strutted off down the hall enjoying the feeling of my bare breasts jiggling away.

We both showered up again and got ready for dinner. You'd told me we had reservations at a great Italian restaurant a block from the hotel. I was really looking forward to the evening and at that point starving. Not only would we be dining at one of the best places in North America for osso bucco, but we'd be joined by two other couples and the plan was to all get naked after. You'd brought another sexy little silk chemise from Victoria's Secret for me to wear, this time a rich smoky grey with a touch of black lace in the vee of the neckline. Again there was a wisp of a thong to accompany but instead of grey, it was a mixture of sheer and lace, all black. I added black stilettoes with slender straps. then did my hair up atop my head, leaving a few wisps dangling down here and there. I actually happened to have some grey eye shadow virtually the same shade as the chemise and applied a liberal dose. My nails were repainted to a deep claret color.

Just before heading out the door, You produced a small jewelry type box and popped it open. From it You removed an exquisite collar of black lace about two inches high with an oval fire opal stone at the front held in a pewter setting. As You 

fastened it around my neck I felt a flush of excitement. Somehow it made me feel very possessed, very much at your beck and call. Next You produced a pair of matching opal studs to replace the dangly sliver earrings I usually wore. I noticed that You also slipped something into the pocket of your blazer at that time.

I felt very special and very much on display as we strode down the hall to the elevator and the feelings rose appreciably as we crossed the busy lobby. My nipples strained at the satiny silk and my breasts jiggled away as I walked. The grey silk rippled ever so slightly as it slithered back and forth on my hips. I'd learned to love being naked in front of people but this was somehow even better. All eyes were on me in a busy environment in broad daylight. I felt myself getting a little wet.

Then we were outside. The sun was just beginning to set, turning the western sky a color not unlike the opals I was wearing. I smiled mischievously as we strolled along the sidewalk, my heels clicking away. It was only for a block but it was wonderful to be out in public wearing so very little.

Inside the restaurant, we were escorted by the maitre de to a table where a couple were already seated. They introduced themselves as Mike and when the waiter delivered a martini to him and a cosmo to her, we asked for a duplicate order then slid onto the banquette. You were to my right, Candice to my left and Mike beyond to Candice's left. She was done up in a short oxblood leather skirt and a sheer black blouse that clearly showed off a sexy black lace bra beneath. Sitting with her legs crossed, the skirt rode up high, showing off the lacy tops of black stockings. Her hair was jet black and quite short, almost boyish but perfectly suited to her pert nose and high cheekbones. 

We had just settled into the small talk when Pete and Pam arrived. They were quite a pair, he well over six feet tall and totally bald, her barely over five foot with long flaming red hair, a tiny slender build, and heavily freckled complexion. You seemed to be familiar with everyone and I found myself wondering if you had already fucked these women. I found them both extremely attractive, particularly Pam. 

It didn't hurt that she was wearing a black strapless dress that was little more than a large tube sock, clinging to her hips, waist, and tiny tits. Her hair came down past her ass and the dress ended barely an inch beyond that. She tottered along on huge platform shoes with extreme heels. She and Pete sat down, ordered gin and tonics both and the conversation moved along. The waiter reappeared after a bit, we ordered, and ordered another round as well. 

While we were waiting for the food, the conversation drifted off to shopping. Candice, Pam and I all comparing notes as to where they might head the next day. At one point I noticed Candice's hand on your thigh and also realized that she had allowed her leather skirt to ride even higher so that now I saw the bare flesh of thighs about the top of her stockings. Her hand drifted to your crotch and came to rest on the bulge created by your cock. She glanced over at both of us and then returned to the conversation but kept her hand parked in your lap for most of the dinner, only removing it on occasion as she needed to facilitate eating. I'll bet you were hard the entire time.

After dessert and coffee had been served and savored, the three women all slipped away to the little girls room while You, Mike, and Pete stayed behind. After we all had unburdened our bladders, we touched up makeup at the mirror. Candice had removed her bra while in the stall, her breasts now clearly visible through the sheer black fabric. I hiked up my hem and slipped the lacy thong down and off, making certain that both Candice and Pam got a good glimpse of my hairlessness. Pam grinned devilishly and the three of us exited the restroom.

Back at the table, I tossed my thong into the middle of the table before we sat down. 

Candice proceeded to add the bra to the pile and announce "I already wasn't wearing any panties, so... " 

Of course everyone in the immediate vicinity heard and the girls all received some pretty intense scrutiny as we exited (not that they wouldn't have without her pronouncement). It was dark out, but there was plenty of light from the street lamps as well as an abundance of honky-tonk neon. I swear the traffic came to a standstill as we sashayed down the street and back to the hotel. I found myself really enjoying the sight of Candice's breasts bouncing away through the sheer blouse. 

Once inside the hotel we all piled into the elevator and You hit the button for the 21st floor. It turned out that You, Pete and Mike had earlier made arrangements for a large penthouse suite as a playroom for the night. As soon as the door closed I pulled my chemise up and off, handing it to You once I had. I was left wearing only heels and the opal embellished collar.

Pam and Candice both giggled, but joined suit and within moments there were three naked women in the cab with three guys holding onto their clothing for them. Candice was standing right in front of You and proceeded to grind her bare ass against your crotch. Pam and I were ahead of her,eyeing each others feminine forms. At the 19th floor the elevator halted and the doors parted.

None of us had been paying too much attention to the floor designator. We all stepped off assuming we were on the correct floor and ran straight into two couples in swimsuits who were obviously headed for the pool. We all just kind of stopped short and gasped. The other couples were more than a little surprised to see three naked women. Before we realized what was happening, the door to the elevator closed and there we were.

Pam started to giggle at the absurdity of it all and Candice and I joined in. One of the other guys said "Don't know what party you're headin' to but it should be a humdinger." You quickly respondeded "We ARE the party and it will be taking place on 21 if you'd like to join us."

"Thanks, but no thanks, I think we'll just head for the spa." he responded.

"If you change your mind, just come up and knock." One of the girls was very hot looking in a skimpy black string bikini with gold accents. I could tell You would have liked to have unwrapped and savored that lovely creature, but it seemed You figured you'd better not push it. There was plenty of juicy ripe pussy in our sextet all dying to get pumped.

Another elevator cab showed up, depositing yet another couple in the hallway before the six of us took it over. They were older and completely flabbergasted by the scene. We just smiled and said good evening as we squeezed by them, leaving them with mouths agape as the elevator door closed. 

Once on the 21st floor, we ran into no other guests before we reached the room. It was huge with one of those ridiculous round beds and mirrors all over. There was a good sized jacuzzi which was filled and according to Candice after she dipped a toe in it "Just the right temperature." The bathroom was immense and all an ochre colored marble. I sat down to take a pee, leaving the double doors wide open so that all could see. After I flushed, I transferred to the bidet and rinsed myself up all ladylike again, then toweled myself dry.

By that point You had stripped naked with Mike and Pete close behind. Your cock was hard as a rock and it looked like You were dying for some action. I could tell You wanted to get your hands on Pam. You'd been eyeing her furry snatch from the moment she slid out of her dress. This was a case where the rug definately matched the curtains, firebush that was long and lush, but nicely trimmed at the same time. I knew You had a thing for redhead pussy and here was a magnificent example. 

Pam noticed You ogling her and sauntered over to grab your cock, then lead You over to the bed where she proceeded to lay down and spread her legs wide in the air. "Kitty wants some attention."

Positioning yourself on all fours between her legs You planted a kiss on her labia then buried your nose in the mound of russet fur just above. Your tongue emerged and began to explore her slit, probing until finding her clit, then playing and teasing it for a bit before wandering downward to have a taste of the juices that were already flowing freely from her fuckhole. Sticking it in as deeply as possible, You tonguefucked her before pulling it out and sucking her flaps into your mouth to swish around and suck on. She groaned in delight at this. I could tell that you both were in heaven. I'd been on the receiving end of that sort of attention and I knew just how wonderful it felt. Whenever You treated me to that sort of attention it felt like my uterus was melting, my entire pelvic region a gooey mass of ecstasy.

My right hand drifted to my crotch and I began to finger myself while my left played with my nipples, alternating from one to the other. They had been rigid and begging for attention all evening and it felt good to play with them. 

I watched as Candice reached between your legs to grasp your rigid cock. It was your turn to moan in delight as she stroked it and cupped your swollen testicles. 

"Fuck that feels good." You exclaimed between licks of Pam's gash.

Candice released your member only to position herself on her back with her head between your legs, enabling her to take it in her mouth. As she did, Mike straddled Pam's shoulders, pinning her arms to her sides. He guided his rigid tool into her mouth and began earnestly facefucking her. I was amazed at how deep she could take his shaft. I would have gagged for certain but she seemed to thrive on taking it deep enough that his balls met her chin. 

Candice's legs were spread invitingly. She sported a thin sliver of jet black pubic hair that tapered off just above her now distended labia. I knelt at the side of the bed and honed in for a closer look before putting my tongue to work on them. She was very wet and in no time at all the combination of her love juices and my saliva were dripping on the floor. 

I felt Pete's hands on my ass cheeks, repositioning me slightly so that he had access to my hole. On his knees behind me he pushed his shaft between my thighs. I reached down and guided it into my opening. He pushed and in it went. Soon he was thrusting away at me as I continued to slurp away on Candice's sopping wet quim. 

We continued like that for quite a while, then altered positions and partners several times before You and Pam took center stage in the middle of the bed with her on her knees straddling You as she slowly impaled herself on your rigid fuckpole. 

She was flexible like a gymnast and just kept sinking down down down until finally your cock disappeared deep inside her. At that point she started grinding away at You, her exotic muff of fur rubbing against your abdomen with every move she made. 

Mike and Peter treated me to a wonderful DP on the floor. It was largely a tangle of legs, but they both managed to get their cocks inside my vagina and I became totally lost in the moment. Then Candice sat on your face and You too got double teamed. Pam and Candace swapped positions back and forth several times over the next hour or so before You finally pumped your load deep inside Pam. I remember looking over soon after and seeing your creamy white spunk dribbling out of her well used cunt and onto your abdomen. It didn't stay there long however, as both girls set to work slurping it up before then swapping a big sloppy cumslobbery kiss. 

Us three girls trotted off to enjoy the oversize shower and were soon joined by you three guys. We stayed there long enough for the men to get sucked good and hard again by each of the three girls before heading for the jacuzzi. After a few minutes in the warm bubbles, the ladies climbed up and sat on the edge of the tub platform so that the guys could return the favor. 

After the girls had all come several more times from the oral ministrations, we dried off and then returned to the big bed, each with our own partner for a long leisurely fuck in numerous positions. It was delightful to have You back inside me and it was was also incredibly sensual to see how the others made love. Everyone seemed to settle into a different position that was best for them. When Pam finally exploded in an orgasmic oratorio, we all went over the edge as well in one big thrashing flailing screaming groaning yelping physiological fireball of sexual ecstasy. 

Throughout the night there were frequent little side trips of sucking and slurping and fucking and at one point I mounted You with Mike and Pete to either side, a dick in each of my hands. Pam and Candice were wrapped in each others' arms blissfully asleep. I pumped away on three penises at once then finished all three off one by one in my mouth. We slept 'til dawn before donning thick terrycloth robes and disappearing back to our respective rooms on lower floors. 

On the way down in the elevator we encountered the cutie we had run into the evening before, also wrapped in a robe. She gave us a sly grin, knowing full well what we'd been up to all night. As we got off at our floor she sensually pulled open her robe. She too was naked underneath and we got a lovely flash of sweet tits and a furry little brunette bush. 

We both slipped off the robes and I was amazed to see You hard again even after a night like we'd just had. As soon as the door to our room closed behind us, I dropped to my knees and was soon rewarded with a fresh mouthful of briny jizz. We slept for several more hours before rising to shower and head downstairs for lunch.