 Hello.

This is the first story I have ever written outside of an academic setting. As an aspiring writer I hope to develop my writing skills by continuing this story as a series. Comments on what needs work, as well as comments on what went right, will be extremely appreciated.

Tremendous thanks to Passion_Pen and Palindrone from the bulletin boards for not only editing my story but for encouraging me to expand on my original draft. Also thanks to felicia1011 from the Volunteer Editors list for her lovely comments.

~Leslie Hemmingway

*

It was finally happening. After 6 weeks of shameless flirting, playful touching, and come-hither smiles, my lab partner was finally coming over for sex. I'd been hinting for him to "stop by my apartment some time" since the second week of the course but he never seemed to get the message. A week longer and I probably would have resorted to writing "Fuck me!" on my shirt. 

His name was Mark and he was a six-foot-five stud with broad shoulders, a muscular body and a boyishly handsome face. He also had the distinction of providing me with my first real challenge in a science course: I could ace a chemistry test with my eyes closed, but as soon as I saw Mark I'd forget every formula I knew. Yeah, Mark was drop dead gorgeous.

Unfortunately, he was also dumb as a brick. I have yet to figure out what he's doing in a university chemistry course, other than "he needs it to graduate". I get the privilege of working with him because he got the lowest score on the first quiz, while I got the highest. Naturally, the professor paired us up, assuming I wouldn't mind. He assumed correctly. 

At first I thought I was lucky to have him to myself several hours a week, until I realized he wasn't jumping at the chance to have sex with me. It was the same problem I have with most guys at University: they think because I get good grades that I'm not up for sex. It's not really fair; I have a great body and I take good care of it. I have no trouble getting guys when I go clubbing, but due to my busy workload that rarely happens anymore. 

Getting laid in University would be easier if I could dress the way I liked, but I have an image I need to cultivate. In the early days I'd show up to class in cute outfits, all done up to turn heads. Guys were all over me but my teachers and classmates would dismiss me as some ditzy blonde. They were shocked to discover I was actually a straight-A student. So I switched out my nice clothes for baggy ones, toned down my makeup and started wearing glasses. Now I'm respected, but I can't get laid to save my life.

"Not tonight, though!" I thought to myself as I selected my outfit for the evening: a blood-red bra and thong proudly displayed under a white, see-through belly shirt and a pair of low-rise jeans. The outfit was topped off with a pair of seductive red heels that matched my lingerie.

I was doing my makeup in the bathroom when my roommate Jenny passed by. She was walking around in her school jeans and a designer bra, her long brown hair let loose around her shoulders. It was the sort of lounging look she sported when she wanted to relax but was planning to go out later. It was a good sign; I wasn't in the mood for keeping things quiet tonight.

When Jenny saw me dressed up she raised an eyebrow.

"Going out?" she asked. 

"Staying in!" I beamed.

She eyed me over. "Who's the lucky guy?" 

"Mark."

"The hot guy you were studying with last week?" she said with interest. "He finally bit?"

"Yep." 

"What'd you have to do, slap him in the face and tell him you wanted him?"

"Nope," I replied while applying lipstick. "I lent him my textbook earlier this week. I simply called him up and said I needed it back... tonight!" I punctuated the last word with a loud 'click' as I snapped the cap back on my lipstick.

"Oh yeah?"

"Yep." 

There was a slight pause. 

Jenny gave me a dubious look. "So... Mark's coming over to drop off your textbook?"

"Well, yeah," I said, touching up my blush. "AND for sex."

"Does he KNOW he's coming over for sex?" 

"He will when he sees THIS!" I said, gesturing to my ensemble. My breasts were practically hanging out of my bra, my thong was hiked dangerously high over my waist, and my makeup screamed 'harlot'. "Besides, it's Friday. Who studies on a Friday?"

"You," she said flatly.

"He doesn't need to know that." 

She was right, though. I usually did study all weekend, mainly because I worked Monday through Thursday. Which is why I was keen to pull off this nice, easy booty call. 

"Mm...." she replied. She continued to stand in the doorway, studying me. An awkward silence fell over us.

"What?" I asked, turning to her.

"So, are you thinking of, like, becoming 'serious' with Mark?"

I nearly gagged. "That's a joke, right? Could you SEE me with a moron like him? When he talks it makes me want to tear my hair out." 

"So, you just want him for sex, right?"

"Well, yeah-....." I turned to her, a little suspicious. "Where are you going with this, Jenny?"

"Well.... I was thinking, why don't we fuck him together?"

"Huhn?" I said, dumbstruck.

"We'll fuck him together. You know, like a threesome!"

I didn't know what to say. Normally Jenny stayed well away from any guy I was interested in. Furthermore, she had never expressed interest in girls before, so this was a surprise. I knew I wasn't a lesbian; sure women could be beautiful, but the thought of being intimate with a girl had never crossed my mind.

"I don't know," I managed to say after some time.

"You don't want to?" she asked, raising an eyebrow. I looked at Jenny for a moment. She was a gorgeous, small brunette with a curvaceous body and no reservations about showing it off. Her features and charming personality had lured many guys to the bedroom next to mine in the time we'd lived together. I confess she'd turned my eye a few times when she was dressed up but actually doing anything with her had been unthinkable until now.

I trusted Jenny as a friend even though we'd only known each other for 6 months. We'd even, in a state of extreme inebriation, fucked a couple guys in a shared hotel room. But that was different. For her to just casually suggest a threesome really threw me off and my first instinct was to say 'no', yet...

Jenny seemed to be reading the conflict in my face. "Are you afraid I'll take too much of his attention?" she asked.

"No..."

"Are you worried it will be awkward afterwards?" 

"I don't care if things are awkward with Mark. He's just my lab partner," I answered.

"I meant between us, Claire."

"Oh. Right." I looked at Jenny, trying to find the right thing to say. "I'm just... I'm not sure, Jenny. Don't get me wrong, you're beautiful, but you're also, like, my friend. My good friend."

Jenny seemed surprised, and a bit touched. After a moment she bowed her head and said with a smile, "Well, how about you just think it over, then? If the time comes and you want to be alone, I'll clear off."

I wanted to say something more, but in the end I just said "OK."

Jenny left for her room. I went to the kitchen and got out a bottle of Jack Daniels, hoping a shot would calm the butterflies in my stomach. I downed one, and then poured myself a second as I sat on the couch. I stared into space, uncertain why I was so nervous. 

Jenny, my roommate and friend, wanted to have a threesome with me. Was that a big deal? Do roommates do that? Does this mean she had the hots for me? Did I have the hots for HER? I'd kissed girls before, sure, while drunk, but not her. Or had I, and forgotten? Oh God is that what this was about?

I nervously sipped my shot, and then noticed the top of the glass. My lipstick had smeared all over the rim. Suddenly, visions of the evening I had originally planned conjured up: Lipstick residue all over Mark's body, lip prints on his firm chest, streaks of red on his hardening cock, second-hand smears all over my breasts, left behind by his stained lips. 

Then I began to picture it on Jenny's breasts. Not just from Mark's lips, but from my own. I pictured her smiling at me, giggling as I left residue on her body, and then leaning over to do the same to me... And it was OK. Nice even... 

I felt myself sink into the couch as a buzz washed over me. The butterflies in my stomach were dispersing. Our large, overstuffed couch was very comfortable. I considered having a third shot but decided not to. 

I was lost in my thoughts when Jenny came out to the living room. She'd dressed in a short, sexy black dress that really showed off her body. The tall black heels she wore made her legs look amazing, and the view went all the way up to the middle of her thighs. Her prominent hips and ass were accentuated by the tight dress, and the thin straps and low neckline left little of her firm breasts to the imagination.

Jenny blushed, and I realized I was staring. I looked away, embarrassed. It occurred to me she was waiting for an answer. Perhaps it was the alcohol, or perhaps it was how stunning she looked, but somehow I no longer had any apprehension about her 0. I knew I could trust Jenny, and if I could trust her I could anything with her. 

"... Alright," I said.

Jenny smiled at me before going to the kitchen. She came back with her preferred bottle of tequila and another two shot glasses. She sat down with me and poured herself a drink. We sat quietly for a bit. It wasn't an awkward silence, but it began to wear down on me. Now that I'd made my decision I felt my nerves starting to return.

"Have you ever done this before?" I asked.

"Yes, several times. When I was with Jack," she replied frankly.

"Oh..." I felt oddly disappointed.

"And you?" she asked. 

I shook my head. 

"Excited?" 

I giggled awkwardly.

"Are you nervous?"

"Kinda."

"Well... just think of it as two friends sharing a guy. Like we were sharing anything else." The advice didn't seem particularly helpful but strangely made me feel better.

"Jenny?" I asked suddenly.

"Yes?"

I wasn't sure how to ask the question.

"... Why now?" I said.

"Why what now?"

"Why... are you suggesting this now?" 

She was quiet a moment, as if thinking. Finally, she smiled and simply replied: "You look nice tonight."

I wanted to ask if she was answering the question or changing the subject but instead I found myself saying, "So do you."

There was a knock on the door. I stood up anxiously. I hurriedly adjusted my shirt and jeans and asked Jenny how I looked, even though she'd just told me.

"Sexy," she grinned.

I went and opened the door. Mark was stood there, a foot taller than me, his muscular frame enhanced by a thick coat. His black hair was smartly gelled up, and I felt myself melt as his brown eyes fell upon me. He started to say something but trailed off as he looked me over.

"Hello, Mark," I said, leaning on the door frame invitingly. His eyes trailed from my head to my feet, stopping a few times at my breasts. He was speechless, slack-jawed. I simply stood there, letting him stare at me, eating up the attention. Finally, he spoke.

"... Claire?" he asked, like he wasn't sure it was me. 

"Yes?" I said.

"You look, uh.... different." I took that as a compliment.

"Come on in," I said. 

"Um, alright..." He entered, looking confused. "I brought you the book."

"Thanks," I said, taking it and unceremoniously tossing it aside. "Would you like to sit down?" 

He looked like he was going to say something but reconsidered. "O... OK," he said as he followed me through. I could feel his gaze on my ass as we crossed through to the living room. I let it sway as I walked for his benefit. 

When we entered the living room his attention was pulled away first by the liquor on the table and then by Jenny sat poised on the end of the couch. She flashed him a smile, and her eyes sparkled as she got a good look at him. 

"Mark, this is my roommate Jenny," I said. As she stood and walked over to him I suddenly felt a bit defensive. I think I stepped closer to Mark but Jenny didn't seem to notice. She placed a hand on Mark's chest, and he stared at her dumbly until she spoke.

"Can I take your coat?" she said sweetly.

"Oh. Sure," he said, letting her help him out of it. Underneath he had on a low necked t-shirt pulled tight against his muscular frame. He followed her with his eyes as she went to hang it up. I took the opportunity to hook my arm through his.

"Come sit down, Mark," I said. 

"Alright," he said simply. I poured him a shot of Daniels, and he took it, sipping as he looked at me. "So..." he said after a moment, "you two sure are dressed up."

"Well of course we are," I said, giving his arm a squeeze.

"Are you guys going out somewhere?"

I tried to hide my exasperation. I heard Jenny giggle in the hallway. 

"No, Mark," I replied, running a finger along his chest. "We were thinking of staying in tonight."

He looked at me, uncomprehending.

"... With you," I added. 

He looked around, still not getting it. Good God, Mark...

Taking one last stab at subtlety I put my head on his shoulder, looked into his eyes, and said: "Mark, have you ever had a threesome?"

He gave me a suspicious look.

I batted my eyelashes seductively. He studied me, and his expression shifted, like he was starting to put things together. After a painfully long moment a bright smile spread across his face.

"Ohhhh," he beamed at me. "I get it." 

I was going to say something sarcastic but the urge dissipated when he put his arm around me. A fire had started burning in his gorgeous eyes. As he looked at me I started to blush in spite of myself. Oh God, Mark, you're an idiot but you're a fucking hot idiot. 

Our moment was broken when Jenny came back and sat down on Mark's other side. To my annoyance Mark began to check her out, ogling her legs. I wondered if that's what this whole encounter would be like, Jenny stealing attention away from me. I got myself another shot. 

Jenny and Mark began to make small talk, sipping their drinks. She was leaned back, her head on her hand with her legs crossed, giving us a good view of her legs and thigh. She was flirting with him through her body and words, though her eyes kept meeting mine. It seemed to me that she was holding back and I realized she was waiting for me to make the first move. Having waited six weeks for this I didn't need to be told twice. 

I sidled up close to Mark so that I was pressing my body against him. Putting one hand around his neck and the other against his hard, flat stomach I began to caress him sensually. He turned to me, looking surprised. His eyes met mine, and then trailed down to my breasts. He was quiet a moment.

"So how come you don't dress like this at school?" he eventually said.

"You like me like this?"

"Yeah. You look... amazing." 

I leaned in and planted a slow, sensual kiss on his lips.

"I'm glad you like it," I breathed in his ear after our lips parted. He put his hand behind my head and pulled me in for another kiss, this time rougher, open mouthed. I leaned in more, draping my leg over his lap. His hands were making their way along my body, tracing the contours of my tight bra, exploring my lower back and squeezing my ass. I shivered with delight every time he touched me, and he seemed to enjoy what he felt under my clothes. 

Our kissing was interrupted by Jenny moving up to us and slipping her arm around Mark's neck. He turned and grinned at her. Without a word they began to kiss, harder and more intensely than we had. His hands began to explore her body, caressing her more prominent curves. 

I stayed where I was, watching them for some sign of breaking, but when it began to look like he was having more fun with Jenny feelings of betrayal washed over me. I was about to just get up and leave when Jenny reached over and tugged on my shirt, her attention still on Mark. It took me a second to realize what she meant.

I pulled my shirt off, fully exposing my red bra, and leaned in again, putting the back of Mark's head between my cleavage. Surprised, Mark turned around into a face-full of breast and lace. Laughing with delight, he began to play with my body, planting kisses on the tops of my breasts. Jenny in the meantime sat back and watched. I was beginning to get the rhythm of things; we were taking turns with Mark, taking turns escalating, and it was actually kind of fun.

Mark jerked back from my breasts when he noticed red was smearing all over them. He touched his fingers to his lips, looking alarmed as they came back red.

"It's just lipstick, Mark," I giggled. It was stained all over his mouth. "Come here," I said, giving him a long, solid kiss on the lips. 

"What?" he said, looking bemused.

"It looks good on you," I laughed.

"Very feminine," Jenny said, still watching us.

"Ha ha," Mark muttered, trying to wipe it off with his hand. "Why do chicks wear this stuff anyway?"

"So you can see which parts of me you haven't kissed yet?" I suggested.

Mark looked at my breasts and grinned. "Guess I need to get to work."

We resumed making out, Mark's hands finding their way to the back of my bra, trying to undo the hooks. Playfully I grabbed one of his hands and threaded my fingers through it, pulling him in for another kiss. He kept trying to get my bra off one handed, growing frustrated as our kiss carried on. Finally, I let him have what he wanted and undid the final hooks myself, letting him pull my bra off, leaving my breasts dangling freely in front of his face. He immediately buried himself in my cleavage. Typical, but not unwelcome attention.

As Mark played with my breasts I noticed Jenny stand up and begin undoing her dress. Letting it fall to the floor she revealed herself to be bra-less, wearing only a black g-string and her heels. As she stepped out of the dress she caught me staring at her and she blushed slightly. I'd seen her breasts before but today they looked somehow different. Enticing. They were perky and round, nicely complimenting her short, curvy physique. 

I decided to step aside and let Jenny have another turn with Mark. As they made out I undid my jeans and worked them off, leaving me in only my red thong. On a whim I decided to put my heels back on. It seemed a bit slutty, but I had to admit they looked really hot on Jenny. 

Mark was firmly getting straddled by Jenny at this point, his hands groping her ass unabashedly. She was grinding against him, rubbing her taint against his package as they roughly kissed. It was evident she was starting to get damp down there.

During a breather, Mark looked between the two of us. "Are you guys going to kiss?" he asked. 

I looked at Jenny, strangely nervous. She responded with a mischievous smile. Sliding off Mark, she sat beside him and beckoned for me to come over. I hesitated, then moved to Mark's other side and sat down. 

Still smiling, Jenny leaned toward me across Mark, her full breasts jiggling as she did so. My stomach fluttered. She was so beautiful.

"Don't be shy," she said soothingly. She put the tip of her finger beneath my chin, as if to guide me to her. Slowly I leaned in, her soft lips meeting mine in a light, sensual kiss.

A shiver ran down my spine. I giggled nervously but kept going. My heart was beating so fast. Our tongues began to caress as our kiss heated up. My mouth began to fill with the taste of Mexican liquor. 

We stopped a moment. She was smiling at me, caressing my hair. I gave her a bashful grin.

"Feel better?" she asked.

"Yeah..." I replied. It was the truth; kissing Jenny had been a lot easier and a lot more fun than I had expected.

She leaned in and planted a long kiss on my lips. When she finished I noticed she had my lipstick all over her mouth. Remembering my reverie from earlier my eyes trailed down to her breasts. They looked inviting, so round, like they were meant to be squeezed. I'd never actually touched another girl's breasts before. I looked at her again, and she knew what I was thinking.
