 It had started out as a fairly normal night. It was one of our last nights at college before the break and Tyson and I only thought of spending it together. We may watch a movie, play poker, but the one definite was sex. There was no doubt in my mind that we would be spending a night having one of our hot, long sessions of lovemaking. The very thought of his hands touching and feeling my body, his hard penis penetrating me, made me wet. Even the sudden invitation to our friend Angel to hang out with us that night didn't dim my anticipation.

The night was going to be a long one, but I didn't mind. I was with two people I found very attractive. Angel was beautiful, with a nymph like body, full lips, and beautiful eyes, however, Tyson was more my type. Great, soft hair, dazzling green eyes, and the body of a runner was what I wanted; him having a penis was also a big factor.

The night was dull at first, movies, popcorn that was it. We taught Angel to play poker, which did open us up to alternate opportunities. It wasn't long before a game of strip poker was instituted. I had never really seen a naked woman in front of me, even though I was a woman. The sight turned me on a little; as had the kissed we'd shared to make Tyson all hot and bothered. Things finally took off.

She and I were lying next to each other, watching the screen. I felt his hands slip up my thighs and into my crotch. From the way Angel writhed and moaned, I knew he was doing the same to her. We held onto each other, savoring the feeling as his skilled hands parted us, finding our pleasure spots, making us wet. Angel was biting my neck, stroking my breasts; I brought her mouth up to mine while still begging Ty to go harder. I massaged and pinched her nipples, making them erect, making her move and call out. Ty's head soon descended between my thighs. I tensed in anticipation as he sucked on my clit, using his tongue ring to further my pleasure. His other hand was still up Angel, but I didn't care. The feeling was amazing as he brought me up to the edge and let me back again. The feeling of her nails raking across my skin caused my senses to peak and spiral. I couldn't take much more. I had to have his dick in me, filling me, bringing me absolute pleasure.

Finally, he entered me. How he could keep both of us so occupied, so enthralled and amazed me. His cock filled me as he thrust, hard. I could feel him completely. He kept thrusting deep into me; stroking my fire to seemingly unattainable limits, I could feel my body preparing for the orgasm that was inevitable. She had her arms snaked around me, her teeth on my shoulder, moaning, heightening my experience. I couldn't think, couldn't breathe, and just called out unintelligibly till I finally came. He didn't stop, but kept thrusting, making the feeling last as my body spasmed and I called out! I wanted more.

He did move to Angel, to satisfy her, to make her peak. I felt a moment of jealousy as he entered her and she called out, but I was soon amazed at their movements, fascinated. I ran my hands down his back, down his backside, till I was down at the base of his penis. I wrapped my fingers around it and applied pressure, making him groan and lose his rhythmic thrusting for just a moment. His hand found my pussy as he continued banging Angel, finally making her peak.


He lay back on the bed and I could see that he was still very obviously erect. Angel mounted him and began to ride him as I positioned my self over his face and he ate me out. I had full opportunity to play with her and suck on her tits. Her head was thrown back as she moaned in pleasure, making so much noise, till she couldn't go any more. I was far from finished, even if she was.

She moved off his cock to fall down on the bad beside him, gasping, breathing hard, her breasts rising and falling swiftly. Watching her brought the scratch marks of my skin to have a burning sensation that continued to fuel my desire, my need.

I then straddled him. Holding my pussy just above his stiff penis as I kissed him, nibbled his ear, kissed and nibbled his nipples. I brought my face over to Angel and kissed her again, long and hard. It had the desired affect of me feeling his cock tense up, touching my cunt. I slowly maneuvered him to my opening. I was still so wet. I slowly slid him into me, pressing my pelvis against his, catching my clit in-between them. I placed my hands on either side of his head and started to thrust my hips. I immediately felt myself entering that amazing state again. I was driving myself harder. I could feel the tense ball form in my stomach and start to spread across my body. His hands were on my hips, coaxing me into a faster pace.

This was just the right movement to bring me to climax the strongest and quickest. Within seconds (which seemed like hours) he had me to a screaming climax. As the tight ball of orgasmic pleasure left my stomach to bring wave after wave of pleasure to the rest of my body, I noticed him tensing up and bringing me off the bed as he arched his back. This was the most amazing male orgasm I had ever seen from him. Then I felt it.

My eyes were plastered open from what I was seeing, and feeling. Along with the last waves of orgasm, I could feel his cum fill my cavities. It was an amazing feeling, and just enough to send one last powerful wave of ecstasy from my head to toes. I was satisfied and we all just lay there. Exhausted. After a few minutes of nothing but the sound of heavy breathing, Angel turned to me and whispered in my ear, "We have got to do this again." Oh, do I so agree!