 Jason leaned back in his pool enjoying the sun and the comfort of escaping the heat. He looked up to see Brittany stepping down the ladder into the pool. He loved the view he had as her bikini rode up slightly revealing more of her ass. He had to look away to keep himself from becoming overly excited. He had always found her attractive but being one of his good friend's younger sister he had just left his enjoyment to watching her in a bikini. She was 18 now and seemed to become hotter by the day.

Her ass was perfectly for him, nicely rounded and firm. She had long brown hair and her boobs were by no means huge, but she was far from flat. To Jason they were the perfect fit for her body. Jason longed to be able to squeeze her ass, but refrained from doing anything. He relaxed for five minutes as Brittany timidly stepped into the cool water before finally diving in. Jason left the pool to dry off and get dressed before heading to work. On his way inside he looked back and saw one of Brittany's seductive smiles, and stopped momentarily as she seemed to rub her nipples quickly before anyone else looked.

When Jason finally got home from work he was all worked up, his mind had not left the image of Brittany during his four hour shift. He was home from college for the summer and glad when he saw no cars in the driveway, meaning he would be home alone and free to jack off so his thoughts of Brittany would finally leave him.

He walked in the door and was headed straight for the bathroom when he saw Brittany.

"What are you doing here?" he asked.

"Your sister has a track meet and I'm staying here for the night but didn't wanna watch it."

Jason remembered that it was a state meet so it would take quite a long time, and realized that he would be alone with Brittany until at least 10 pm, which gave him a good five hours alone with Brittany.

"Oh so what have you been up to?"

"Nothing really there is nothing on tv, and swimming alone is boring."

Jason was conflicted, he knew this was his chance to make some sort of move, but still felt he should refrain. "I'll swim with you," he figured this was a way to either make a move, or at least would put more pictures in his head.

Brittany agreed and stripped down to her bikini. Jason deliberately stared at her ass as she passed him. Brittany noticed when she looked back at him. "What are you doing?"

"Enjoying the view."

Brittany continued her walk to the pool and walked him, Jason changed quickly and joined her. Jason swam up to her and decided to see how far things would go tonight.

"So Brittany how have you been?"

"Good, you?"

"Good, the girls at school are wild."

"Are they pretty without beer goggles?"

"Yeah they're hot, but none of them compare to you."

"Thanks, you're not so bad yourself, but what would you find so nice about me?"

"Well you have the nicest butt I have ever seen."

"Really? So you were enjoying seeing me in this bikini?"

"Oh yes."

"And what does seeing me like this make you want to do?"

Brittany climbed up to the edge of the pool so Jason could see her whole body, her top had rode down slightly so her nipple was barely covered, but it could be seen through the thin material.

"Well, it turns me on," Jason responded.

"How much does it turn you on?" Brittany shifted as she said this and her bikini bottom shifted allowing an almost perfect view of her pussy.

"A lot."

"Enough to go to the bathroom."

"Maybe."

"Do you like to jerk off thinking about me?"

"umm, well...yes."

"What do you think about doing to me?"

Brittany had control of Jason and knew it. Jason was rapidly hardening, and was glad that he was mostly under water so Brittany could not see.

"Well I think about having sex with you."

"Come on Jason, give me the details, turn me on."

"Well, I picture you bending over with that ass of yours pointing up in the air for me."

"Keep going," Brittany said slowly bringing her hand down to her pussy.

"Well I imagine sticking my cock in her wet hot pussy and driving into you while you moan in pleasure. Then I feel myself shooting loads and loads cum into your tight pussy."

"You really think about this don't you?"

"Yeah, I see your liking it."

"Yeah, I wanna know how much you like it." 

Brittany slid into the pool and reached down till her hand grasped Jason fully erect penis. She stroked lightly up and down a few times before letting go. Jason had been ready to go before he got home and now he was barely able to contain himself.

"You really like it, but I bet you'll like this even more," Brittany said as she shifted and grinded her ass into his rock hard penis. Jason was in shock at how turned on he was, and could not verbalize a response right away.

"I gotta go inside." Jason got out of the pool and bolted toward the house, he simply discared his bathing suit and wrapped himself in a towel. Brittany followed him I, but kept her bikini on. She saw Jason sitting on the couch and promptly sat on his lap a wiggled her hips slightly. Jason's cock stuck through the towel and into Brittany's bikini covered crack.

"You keep this up and that bikini of yours is gonna have more than water dripping from it."

"I want you to masturbate for me Jason, I want to see you cum."

"Only if you take off that top and I can cum on your tits."

Brittany didn't respond, she just stripped from her top and revealed her tits for Jason to see. Jason started to stroke his shaft slowly at first, but quickly gaining speed.

"Pay attention cause this is gonna happen fast."

Jason locked eyes with Brittany and continued to stroke faster and faster. He felt his balls begin to churn when Brittany grabbed his hand and stopped his stoking. Jason had a pained look in his eyes because he had to explode but Brittany had stopped him. She looked up at him knowingly as she positioned herself so his cock was between her tits. She looked down and kissed the head of his cock and start to move her tits up and down around it. Jason had already had more than enough and his cock erupted into Brittany's now open mouth. Spurt after spurt, and she simply swallowed it all.

When Jason's eyes opened he looked down at Brittany and smiled. "That was amazing."

"Now it's my turn."

"I need a couple minutes."

"I don't want you to use that yet I want you to use your tongue."

"Oh, I can handle that."

Brittany leaned back onto the floor and spread her legs so Jason could remove the bottom half of her bikini. He slowly kissed her thigh, working his way up. She had just teased him badly and he was ready to return the favor. Jason would get close to the pouting lips of her pussy and then go back to her thigh, or just work near it. Brittany couldn't take any more of it. "Jason, if you stop teasing me I'll let you fuck me anyway you want to."

Jason was not going to pass up this opportunity, his tongue attacked her clit. It darted in and out of her. He could taste her juices which were starting to flow freely. Brittany started moaning as she felt her orgasm building. She was writhing in pleasure. She thrust her hips forward and held Jason's head to her pussy. Her orgasm ripped through her, and had she not been holding Jason's head the pleasure may have knocked her out.

When she finally stopped cumming and came back to earth Jason said, "So now I get to fuck you any way I want?"

"Yes."

"Are you on the pill?"

"No."

"I don't have any condoms."

"You don't need any, fuck me in the ass. It's tighter and you'll like it even more."

"Oh you really are dirty."

"More than you know."

Brittany positioned herself so her ass was pointing up at Jason. He lowered himself, and tried to penetrate her, but her ass was too tight. "Here let me help that get in," Brittany said as she put her lips around the head of his dick and working her way down. 

With his cock freshly lubed, Brittany repositioned herself for Jason. This time though he picked her up and bent her over the couch and he slowly slid his cock into her tight ass. He worked it in little by little, getting part way in, pulling back, and then thrusting back in. Finally he got all the way in and started to find a rhythm working in and out. "Come on Jason, fuck me harder, give it to my ass baby," Brittany moaned.

Jason did not need to be told twice and he quickly picked up the pace slamming his dick into her. He felt his balls smacking into her pussy. Brittany reached a hand down and was fingering herself rapidly. She was working herself toward another orgasm. Jason continued to pump into her, he knew he had a few minutes even at the high pace. Brittany felt a second orgasm of the night come over her, and Jason felt her body tighten around him, and continued pumping. He felt his balls churn, and his cock tighten and swell. His cock finally let go and he shot cum deep into Brittany's bowel.

Finally he slowed down and pulled out. Brittany slid down and worked her mouth over his cock and cleaned him off, enjoying the drops of cum on him. "That was amazing Jason, I wanna do it again sometime."

"I'll fuck you anytime Brittany."

"Good, you know Mellissa is sleeping over tonight too, right?"

"Yeah, so?"

"Well, she has changed in the last few years."

"How so?"

"She had sex for the first time, and now she can't get enough."

"Mellissa? No way she would be like that."

"Yeah, for her 18th birthday she wanted only one thing from me...She wanted me to eat her pussy. So I did, and ever since then she has been begging me to find a guy we can have a three way with."

"And are you asking me to be that guy?"

"I think I know you will say yes, so tonight at like 12:30 I'll bring her down to the basement. You better be ready because she will fuck you till you have nothing left in you."

"I'll be ready."

Jason went down in his basement to wait for what was to come later that night. He knew Mellissa more as Missy and she was very attractive. She had an ass similar to Brittany's and had legs that went on forever. Her chest was not very large, but he assumed it had grown since he last saw her. He was ready for a fantasy he had played out in his mind years ago. To save his strength he set an alarm for 12:20 and took a nap.

The alarm shocked him out of his pleasant dreams, and he wondered if it had all been a dream. That notion was killed when he heard a knock at his door. "Come in." he called out. In walked Brittany and Missy. Brittany had on short shorts and a tank top over her bra and panties. Missy was in a bra and thong panties.

"Wow Missy, you're ready for business."

"I hope you are."

"I told you she was like this."

"I'm ready, but I had an idea. Since you love sex so much, I think we should start with Brittany eating your pussy, while you suck my dick."

"That sounds good. Brittany has a magic tongue, I've never came harder than when she ate me out. Then I love sucking cocks, you better have plenty of cum for me, I'm hungry for it."

"What about me? My pussy gets no attention in all that," Brittany said.

"Well, I have something you can stick in their," Missy said pulling reaching into her panties. She pulled her vibrator out of her pussy.

"I like keeping myself ready, when I feel the need I just turn it on and it does the work for me."

"Well if I can get you off, than I will work for me."

With that they all stripped, and sat on the cushioned floor. Brittany positioned herself under Missy's pussy so she could suck on it as soon as it was lowered, and she inserted Missy's vibrator into her own pussy on turned in on its lowest lever. Missy stroked Jason's cock to its full size before lowering her lips onto it. 

Jason was in heaven. He looked at the scene before him: Missy's mouth was working over his cock, her ass was slightly up in the air as Brittany worked her tongue into Missy, and Brittany was working a vibrator in and out of herself. Jason did not know how long he could last while looking at the scene, so he closed his eyes and enjoyed the feeling that Missy was giving him. 

Brittany was enjoying herself as well. The vibrator, even on its lowest level, was feeling incredible as she worked it in and out, and Missy's pussy tasted better than any cock she had ever sucked. Missy's was the only pussy she would suck and the only one (other than her own) that she would even play with. Brittany enjoyed the effect she was having on Missy as she could feel her start to hump her face, and knowing that Missy had a cock in her mouth made it even better.

Missy was finally getting what she wanted. She could not wait for Jason to fuck her, she was on the pill and wanted to be filled with cum. Her real fantasy was for Brittany to suck Jason's cum from her pussy. For now though she wanted to feel Jason explode in her mouth. She could feel her orgasm begin to approach as Brittany worked her tongue furiously in her because she too was getting closer. Missy took this as a sign to work harder on Jason. She sucked him all the way down (she had mastered he gag reflex long ago).

Jason took Missy's head and held it completely on his dick as he felt himself cum, shooting deep into Missy's throat. At first he expected her to gag or choke, and was ready to let go, but when he realized she was swallowing it all, he held her head there longer.

Brittany's orgasm rushed through her as she furiously worked the vibrator. Missy felt Jason's shooting cum down her throat and humped Brittany's face harder. The two orgasms around her got her off quickly. The three of them held together in one collective orgasm before Jason let go of Missy's head and Brittany removed her head from Missy. They all sat up at took a deep breath of relief.

Missy pulled Brittany closer to her and kissed her. Their tongue's warred and the cum that remained in Missy's mouth was swapped back on forth. Jason felt himself getting hard again watching this. Missy looked back and noticed this. "Good you're ready for more, and so am I, Brittany I hope you don't mind sitting this one out because I want that cock in me badly."

Brittany did not object because she knew there was no getting between Missy and a cock. Jason sat back on the couch and relaxed as Missy straddled him. She grabbed his cock and held it as she lowered herself onto it. Jason cupped Missy's ass as she had herself fully adjusted and on his cock. He gently squeezed her cheeks and she slowly rocked her hips forward and backwards.

Brittany sat across the room watching, and idly stroking her clit and toying with her nipples. She would be ready to get hers later on when the time came.

Missy put her hand on Jason's shoulders to give herself the ability to push faster and harder. She wanted Jason to come fast, she knew she could feel an orgasm from Brittany sucking the cum out of her pussy. She worked fast and hard. She went up, down, and around. Jason sensed her need and pumped as fast as he could building his orgasm quickly. He felt his balls churn and Missy's pussy tightened around his cock as it exploded shooting into her, not as deep as into Brittany but still deep. Missy continued grinding up and down, milking everything Jason had in him.

Finally she removed his cock from her pussy. "That was amazing," Jason mustered.

"I know I have a lot of practice," Missy responded.

"Anytime you need a cock, just give me a call."

"I will, Brittany come eat this hot cum from my pussy."

Brittany was ready for action and the taste of cum. She leaned down as Missy spread her legs wide. Her pussy glistened with juices and cum. Brittany had never tasted mixed cum before and was surprised by the taste. It was tangy, sweet, and kind of salty. She loved it and slurped it up furiously. Brittany was fully rewarded when Missy's orgasm overcame her and Brittany was flooded with juices.

Jason watched this and was ready for one last go. He brought Brittany over to him and had her position herself in a reverse cowgirl. He wanted to watch her ass work over his cock. Missy straddled Brittany's legs. Thus when Jason pumped into Brittany it would make Brittany grind into Missy and have Missy in the perfect position for later on.

Jason slowly pumped as he got himself warmed up again. Brittany started to rhythmically move her hips, and Missy started to finger herself with a vengeance. This continued as Jason felt the pressure in him build slowly as he was worn out from earlier. He enjoyed the view of Missy grinding into Brittany as he fucked Brittany, and Brittany's ass went up and down. It took ten minutes, but he finally felt his orgasm building to its peak.

"I'm gonna cum," he called out.

Missy knew he could not cum in Brittany, so she pulled him out of Brittany and into her while fingering Brittany. Brittany felt her orgasm first, and moaned from the intense pleasure. Missy's orgasm came as she felt Jason unloading all he left into her pussy one more time. Jason pumped with all he had feeling Missy's sopping pussy working him.

They worked till they all had nothing left, and promised that this would not be the last time they did this.