 "Are you ready to go yet?" 

Olivia hustled to put on her white sneakers as she heard her boyfriend give the signal that he was waiting on her. She checked to make sure that her heather gray camisole was smooth on her figure and that her flared turquoise skirt came down to her mid thigh. She turned off the light and went into the kitchen. 

The 25-year-old with wavy light brown hair hugged her boyfriend and kissed him with excitement. Olivia had met her boyfriend, Charlie, at a bar about a year ago. They went to different colleges but were in the same graduating class. At this point, she was sleeping at his place at least four times a week. 

"Alright we really need to get going," Charlie urged. 

"Why? We have plenty of time to get there." Olivia had been waiting to go on their date to the amusement park for a while now. 

Charlie seemed bothered that she was questioning him. "Well we need to pick up my little brother now. My mom said that she wants him out of the house and that I should spend more time with him." 

"So he's going with us now!" 

Annoyed by the situation as well, Charlie shrugged, "I can't help it. I don't want to have to babysit him all day either but my mom is stubborn, you know that." 

Olivia was disappointed that the romantic day was spoiled. It was even the perfect summer day for it. "I don't care that we have to 'babysit' him. He's 18; he can take care of himself. It's that we won't get to spend our day together." 

"Olivia, there's nothing I can do. Just try to make the best of it. Now it's just going to be a fun group day," Charlie snapped, venting his frustration. 

Olivia sat down in the passenger seat of Charlie's 3-seater truck cabin. "Should I move into the middle seta or are you going to put in the bed seats?" 

"I'm going to put in the bed seats. You're fine in the passenger's seat, for now," Charlie replied as he screwed in a set of cheap seats in the truck bed. The two fold-up seats, which rested on the bed on the truck against the rear windshield, had been lifesavers for Charlie whenever he needed to seat more people legally in his truck. Living in New Jersey, he needed everyone to be buckled so he wouldn't get pulled over. 

***** 

The couple started the drive and Olivia soon noticed that Charlie was not going the fastest route to his mom's house. "Why are we going this way?" Olivia wondered. 

"Because Trey lives this way." 

The girlfriend shook her head in confusion. "Why are we going to his house?" 

"Well, with my brother going with us, it's now a group activity. So we might as well take advantage of the buy group discount and add an extra person. Trey's free and wanted to go." 

"God dammit," Olivia mumbled as she rolled her green eyes. "Of course." 

With her dreams of a perfect day at the amusement park with her boyfriend already dashed, Olivia just decided to stop caring. She wasn't happy, but she could deal with it. 

When they pulled up to Trey's apartment, the former collegiate football safety, and Charlie's roommate senior year, ran out of his house in basketball shorts and a tank top. He smiled and waved as he approached the car. 

Charlie waved to him from the driver's seat and pointed his thumb back. Trey got the hint and hopped in back. He strapped himself into the bed seat. 

They then pulled away and drove to Charlie's mom's house. The red truck stopped on the gravel and Charlie honked the horn. "Let's go, David!" 

His little brother, who looked similar to Charlie but with a lighter shade of dark hair, ran out of his house. He looked thrilled for a day at the amusement park. He was less thrilled about having to sit in the exposed bed of the truck for the half-hour drive. 

***** 

Still early in the morning, the group of four arrived at the amusement park. When she saw the entrance, Olivia's mood improved, knowing she'd have a good day anyway. 

After buying tickets, they all started walking quickly into the park, pointing out which rides they wanted to go on. Olivia reached down to hold Charlie's hand. Charlie pulled away and said he didn't want to make the others feel uncomfortable. 

Olivia understood, but was briefly reminded again of what could have been. 

Being the youngest, David was overtly the most excited. "Let's go to The Bolter! No, wait. Let's go to the Haunted House!" 

"Alright, calm down, my man. Let's see what everyone else wants to do," Trey chuckled. 

"How does everyone feel about the Double Shot?" Charlie surveyed. 

"Sounds good to me," Olivia spoke up. Trey and David agreed. 

The lines were fairly short due to it being a Tuesday. It was definitely worth it for young couple to take a day off of work because it was such a nice day. 

Soon enough, they were all walking though the short metal entrance gate and ran towards the red seats on the ride. There was a lot of anticipation as they sat in the suspended seats, swinging their legs. The ride attendant checked their overhead restraints nonchalantly. 

A voice-over announcement played on a speaker. It reminded them that the ride would shoot them up into the air and drop them twice so they should keep their arms and legs constrained the entire time. 

Olivia sat in between Charlie and his younger brother. Trey sat next to Charlie. The four Millennials shot nervous grins at each other. They heard a click. 

"AAAAAAHHHH!" They all screamed as they were shot into the air. They were then immediately dropped. They felt their hearts in their stomachs as they fell to the Earth. 

They were shot up again. Olivia could see the entire amusement park. She scanned her head as they neared the pinnacle of the ride. She jerked her head to her left and David immediately turned his head away from her. Was he just staring at me? 

The ride ended and the gang got off laughing. They walked out the exit and approached the image booth. It had a myriad of screens, showing pictures from all of the rides. They were for sale, but nobody ever bought them. 

Trey and Charlie pointed and laughed at their group photo due to their faces of horror. Olivia, on the other hand, noticed why the highschooler might have been staring at her. 

Next time I go to the amusement park I'm wearing a sports bra, the Olivia thought to herself as she stared at the picture taken during the drop. Her 32D's were floating in mid air inside of her gray cami. Fortunately, nobody noticed. 

After the ride, they plotted their next move. "I actually need to pee," said Trey bluntly. "So do I," David followed up. 

Charlie saw Olivia smirk. "What's up, Liv?" 

"I just find it funny how your little brother always follows Trey's example." 

Charlie agreed. "Yeah, he always thought Trey was so cool. At one point he even wanted to play football like him." 

When Charlie looked back at Olivia, she had a coy smile as she anxiously twisted in her skirt. "You know, we're alone now," she hinted. 

"And...?" 

"You can kiss me now and we won't be making them uncomfortable." 

Charlie looked around the public space. He saw all of the people walking by and felt uncomfortable. "I mean, I'd hold you hand now, but I hate when I see people doing PDA. I don't want to be responsible for it." 

Olivia rolled her eyes again and pursed her lips in discontent. Trey and David walked out of the bathroom. 

"So which ride is next?" David was pumped up and ready to go. 

Olivia peered in one direction and then twirled in her skirt to look in the other. "Let's go on that roller coaster," Olivia pointed. 

The black football player complimented, "I love the skirt, Olivia." 

The brown-haired girl blushed. "Thanks, Trey." She searched to return the compliment, but with him in black mesh basketball shorts and a white and blue striped tank top, Olivia knew she needed to come up with something more believable. "I like when you show off your bicep tattoos, they're cool." 

Charlie was mildly irritated that he wasn't the on to compliment his girlfriend first. "Alright, let's over to the coaster." 

In what was becoming the norm, an eager David led the way to the ride. Olivia was close behind him. The pep in her step was due to the confidence from Trey's compliment. 

When they got into line for The Bolter, a fast roller coaster with a lot of loops, Charlie and Olivia sat on the metal railing that sorted the line. Seeing that David and Trey were in conversation, Olivia subtly slid her hand into Charlie's pocket. 

Once he realized her end goal, Charlie yanked her hand out. He was irritated. "What are doing?!" Charlie whispered sternly. 

Olivia was surprised by his reaction. She whispered back, "I was just trying to have some fun." 

"Well, stop. I don't want them seeing." 

"Why not? What's the worst that could happen? They'd think it's funny." 

Charlie placed has hand on his forehead in exacerbation. "I don't want them thinking that you're like that." 

Olivia became defensive. "What do you mean like 'that'?" 

Not seeing a good ending to the conversation, Charlie moved to his next point. "Never mind, let's just have a platonic day. Okay?" 

Olivia sighed. The line moved forward and they were next on the ride. The coaster sat four across and they lined up in the queue. Charlie was in front and then Trey was right behind him. David was in back and started talking to Olivia about her new job. 

As their car stopped with a hiss in front of them and the gate opened, Charlie turned back and whispered behind Trey's back, "Olivia, come sit next to me." 

Olivia excused herself from her conversation with David. "It's okay, we're having a platonic day anyway." She turned back and asked David about his classes. Charlie got the hint. 

They sat down and got ready for the acceleration. David rubbed his hands together in anticipation. "Are you going to keep your hands up the whole time?" he asked his brother's girlfriend. 

Olivia smiled. "Of course, but only if Trey does," she motioned towards Trey. Trey nodded his head playfully. "Let's do this!" 

David was excited to feel like a part of the group of 25 year olds. 

The coaster shot out of the platform, earning its name. The people on the ride screamed and hollered as it climbed the hill quickly and went straight down, then up a loop. 

On a flat part, Olivia turned her head to look at the faces of her friends. She saw Charlie's face, which was exuberant. She then glanced at Trey. She was caught off guard when she witnessed his eyes darting down at her breasts, which were bobbling from the car rolling on the metal tracks. 

She then turned to her right and saw that David was doing the same. Olivia glanced down at her turquoise skirt and it was still at her thighs. At least that's staying in place. 

When the ride ended, the four young adults stood up and headed for the exit. As usual with a marque attraction, they had to exit through the gift shop. "Let's look at our photo!" David called out. 

Charlie went up to the counter to buy a bottle of water and said he'd catch up. 

He stepped towards the booth that displayed the photos taken during the most dramatic drop. David scoured the screens for the familiar faces. "Found it!" 

David then abruptly doubled back towards the group that was approaching close behind. "Never mind. It's actually not that good," he shrugged. "Let's just go to the next ride." 

"Hold on, dude!" Trey laughed. "Let's look at it." He grabbed David by the shoulder and pulled him along. 

When the 6'2" Trey and considerably shorter, 5'4" Olivia, approached the booth, Trey immediately recognized that he should have heeded his little buddy's advice. 

All four of them had their hands up in the air, and once again Olivia's ample chest was raised into the air after not dropping at the same rate as the coaster. This time, however, there was an added element. 

Trey and David were marveling at Olivia's chest with deep focus. The look on their faces almost made it seem like staring at her chest was part of the ride. It was clear to Olivia that Trey and David were uncomfortable. She took it as a compliment and it kind of made her smile to see that she was captivating the attention of the attractive gentlemen. 

She knew that they knew that she knew what they were doing in the photograph. So instead of pretending like it wasn't there and allowing things to be awkward for the rest of the day, Olivia decided to just own the situation. 

"It looks like you guys are suspending them in mid-air with your minds," Olivia giggled as she made eye contact with the two guys. 

David and Trey knew exactly what she was talking about. They uneasily chuckled back, not knowing how to respond. 

Hoping one of them would have actually said something to ease the conversation forward, Olivia was left to keep digging them out of the awkward hole. She looked at the two guys and continued, "I'm glad you two could come with us today, you're too funny. Let's just not let Charlie see this." Olivia expressed playful angst. 

Trey and David looked at each other with a sense of relief. Still being a little immature, and not realizing that they were already fully in the clear, David attempted to demonstrate to Olivia that he understood the new social norm. "If you want a really funny picture then you should flash the camera on the next ride." 

The taller black friend slapped his palm to his face. Olivia tried not to laugh, as she understood that David was just trying to seem like he was in on the fun. She grinned at David and responded, "That would be a funny photo. And without my top on you'd have an easier time defying gravity with your mind." 

David's face reddened from the hot older girl's flirtatious innuendo. 

Meanwhile, Olivia noticed that Charlie had bought his water and was making his way over. The group photo was still on the screen. Olivia demanded to the dopey teenager behind the booth, "Can you change the photos, please!" 

"It's automatic. I don't control it, ma'am." 

"Turn the screens off for a minute, please!" Olivia pleaded, not wanting to see how Charlie would react to the picture. 

The teen refused. Trey stepped forward and firmly commanded, "Turn it off." The booming voice scared the teen and he shut off the monitors just in time. 

***** 

After a few more rides, they all went to eat in the dining area. Trey, David, and Olivia chatted during lunch, but Charlie didn't say much. He wasn't happy with how Olivia had reacted to his policy for the day. 

They threw their trash out and walked back to the amusement rides. They rode the Pirate Ship and walked through the House of Mirrors. For Olivia, the House of Mirrors was just constantly seeing reflections of David and Trey checking out her chest and her bubble butt that was visible in her flared skirt. She tried not to laugh and she realized that she was starting to have a good day after all. 

"What's next?" David asked again. 

"Tilt-A-Whirl," exclaimed a chipper Olivia. "And, look, there's no line right now!" 

"For me the bathroom is next," Charlie held up his finger as he stood uncomfortably. "My fault for ordering the burger." 

Olivia expressed disappointment. "But there's no line right now." 

Trey spoke up. "I mean... I don't need to go at all." 

"Me neither," David echoed. 

Outnumbered, Charlie ceded, "Okay, well you guys just go on the ride and I'll catch up." 

The three others looked at each other and nobody had an objections. "Ok." 

They approached the nearly empty spinning ride. The giant revolving platform had many spinning platforms within it, each one with its own freely spinning car that sat four people. 

David led the way towards an empty car. He glanced back and saw Trey behind him. The 18 year old suddenly stepped to the side and bent down to tie his already-tied shoelace. Trey and Olivia slid onto the curved faux leather bench. David popped up and slid in, conveniently next to Olivia. 

This was not lost on Olivia, who found it to be cute. "So who's steering? Because I have no clue how to," Olivia admitted. 

The metal wheel that spun the semi-circular cart was sitting in front of them. "I will," Trey announced. 

The ride operator came around and pushed down the universal metal restraint. The restraint didn't keep people in place, it was just meant to stop people from flying out. 

Whirling filled the air and the platforms started to move. The group continually slid from side to side together as the ride revolved in a circle, which dipped up and down as they went around. Inside of the cart, Trey turned the wheel hard, spinning the cart quickly. 

The three screamed and shouted as they picked up speed. They began to slide really hard inside of the curved bench. At one moment, they would all slide to the left and Trey would slide Olivia into David. At the next moment, they would all be squished together on the other side with Trey being pressed into the sidewall of the cart. 

Olivia couldn't help but to notice how muscular both, Trey and David were. Trey obviously hadn't stopped working out, even after football. And David, a lifeguard during the summer, had a swimmer's body that she pressed against every forceful turn. She watched Trey's powerful, inked arms crank the wheel. 

With the momentum built up and the steering looking easier, Olivia decided to give it a go. "Can I try?" 

"Of course!" Trey let go. 

Olivia grabbed the wheel and it wasn't quite as easy as Trey had made it look. The spinning cart became out of control. They began to slide all over the place on the bench. It was a lot of fun, but also tumultuous. 

As Olivia spun the wheel during a turn and they all knew they were about to slide again, Olivia felt a large, firm hand on her right thigh. She glanced at Trey, who was trying to brace himself. 

Upon seeing what Trey had done, David cautiously moved his hand off of the restraint bar and placed it on Olivia's exposed mid-thigh. The girl with light-brown hair was well aware that they could have easily braced themselves with the railing, but didn't care. She just kept screaming with them as they gripped her toned legs. 

The spinning came to an end and they sat there to reorient themselves. The restraint bar was unlocked and it suddenly became awkward again with the two hands resting at the hem of her skirt. Once again, Olivia found away to escape the unease. "Thanks for keeping me steady, guys!" Olivia stood up. 

Trey and David were relieved again. As they strutted across the black platform, Olivia could see David adjusting his pants in front of her. There's no way, she laughed internally. 

Just then, they reached the bottleneck caused by the exit gate. David stopped to let others exit first. Distracted by thinking about what David was doing with his khaki shorts, Olivia hadn't noticed he had stopped walking. Olivia had to abruptly halt her stride, giving no time for Trey to stop behind her. 

Olivia's jaw dropped as she felt a long, hard cylinder press against her lower back. It immediately separated her, but it was there long enough for Olivia to know exactly what it was. I can't believe that just fucking happened. 

"Sorry about stopping short," Olivia turned and apologized to Trey, acting as if she either didn't know or didn't care what had happened. 

***** 

With Charlie back from the bathroom, the group thought of how to spend the rest of their day. "Do you want to go play some games?" Charlie proposed. 

They all shrugged and agreed. 

The first game that caught their eye was a carnival classic. Charlie, David, and Trey all lined up for the High Striker. The carny asked if they could swing the mallet hard enough to send the puck up the tower to ring the bell at the top. All three boys believed they could. 

Charlie went first and did surprisingly well. He sent the puck up three-quarters of the way. He looked at his girlfriend for her approval and she gave the obligatory applause and cheer. 
