 My nipples were healing up nicely, still sensitive not really painful anymore. The little barbells got removed several times each day so that I could cleanse the punctures, but even the hydrogen peroxide only barely stung and that was just for a moment. We skipped any activities on Saturday because you had a funeral to attend out of town. I spent the morning at my apartment in the lavender teddy, savoring the lusciousness with which it caressed my body. Whenever I wore it I felt incredibly sexy/sensual/decadent and most importantly - female. It made me proud of my body every time I passed the full length mirror in the hallway and I loved the play of the pale purple silk and ecru lace against my deeply tanned skin and the manner in which my nipples poked enticingly at the fluid fabric. I wished there was someone to see me in it besides myself. I wished it was You, but then, with the way things had been with us recently it wouldn't have stayed on me for very long. In no time at all we would be naked, You most likely mounting me from behind, your swollen manhood driving deep inside me as I braced myself on all fours. 

I decided to head for the beach by myself. You and I never went on weekends and I soon found out why. There were lots of families and much as I wanted to strip down to the orange g-string I had on underneath, I opted to leave the white cotton singlet on once i'd slipped out of the daisy dukes . It came just past my butt cheeks, presenting a reasonably conservative level of exposure. 

Of course, it did allow my nipples to be quite evident. Had I gotten it wet, it certainly would have been nearly transparent, but even dry it conformed to the profile of my nubs and also made it pretty evident to anyone paying much of any attention that there was an additional bump from the lobes of the barbells to each side of each nipple. I hung around only long enough to walk the length of the beach and back. A couple times when I knew that there were no kids or moms in the line of sight, I bent over as though I was picking something up, flashing my ass and orange clad privates to a man or two that was in the field of view.

It was a frustrating day. I wanted to have sex so badly and knowing that You were hundreds of miles away only added to it. I recalled the evening before and realized that much to my surprise I was getting wet thinking about licking away between Abby's legs. I'd never have thought I would not only have oral sex with another woman, let alone the next day find myself craving it again. Like I've said before, You seemed to know just where to lead me, just when I'd be ready for the next threshold and before I realized what was going on, gently guiding me across it only to find that it became a requirement in my life. 

Sunday You were back again and as it turned out, the wait was well worth it. When You arrived around ten I answered the door in the nude freshly showered and shaved. A much needed embrace and long sensual lip lock was followed by me on my knees sucking away on your cock until I was rewarded by a mouth full of your hot creamy man juice. 

After a moment to regain my composure You pulled your pants back up then handed me a plastic shopping bag. Inside was a simple white T shirt and the loveliest little white lace G-string. I slipped the tiny little confection on and then the T. The deep bronze of my tan in distinct contrast to the crisp white cotton was striking as I checked myself out in the mirror after donning a pair of chunky white high heels. Like the singlet the day before the T was barely long enough to conceal the tiny patch of lace that clung to my crotch underneath.

We stopped at a Starbucks for iced latte's. It was moderately busy and I loved the opportunity to be seen in such skimpy attire. The moment we stepped into the air conditioned space, my nipples went rigid. There was one young man who couldn't keep his eyes off me as well as a couple who obviously were whispering about me as well as they sipped on grande somethings through fat green and white plastic straws. 

Outside again, I deliberately dropped a napkin on the sidewalk so that I could then bend over to retrieve it. I don't know who else might have noticed, but I'm certain that You got a good glimpse of my bare posterior as I did. Once we were back in the car I again marveled at what an exhibitionist I'd become once You had led me down that path of possibilities. Sitting with my bare legs and backside against the leather seat I tucked the T up just under my breasts, offering You a clear view of everything from there down, the tiny patch of lace barely concealing my hairless slit.

I wondered what was in store for today. Whatever it was to be I found myself excited, perhaps more so than normal for some reason. Maybe it was just that I'd spent the past day craving a release.

We drove for forty five minutes out into the countryside before arriving at a storybook sort of a farmhouse replete with buttercup yellow clapboard siding and pale blue shutters. There were fields to each side and a high clapboard fence was evident to the rear. Several cars were out front and as we climbed out of the car I heard the shrill whir of cicadas. 

Approaching the front door it opened while we were yet twenty feet away. There stood a lovely brunette, even more tan than I, naked as a jaybird. Her smile was as captivating as her deep brown eyes, her breasts were tiny little mounds and her crotch was as hairless as mine. 

"Hey there handsome. What have you brought us today?"

"Holly, this is Corrine. Corrine, this is my very dear friend Holly." 

Holly wrapped her hands around the back of your neck and draped her naked body across the front of You. Your hands groped her backside and your mouths connected in a long languid kiss. It was clear that there existed an intimacy born of prior carnal encounters. I envisioned You mounting her on all fours or spread legged on a sofa. I felt simultaneous twinges of both jealousy and arousal. 

When Holly eventually released You, she led us into and through the house to the back where a generously scaled swimming pool filled much of the region bounded by the aforementioned fence. Two more women also greeted us, and although not with the same level of intimate enthusiasm for You that Holly had, it was obvious that You knew them and the fact that they also were naked seemed to be the most comfortable situation imaginable. Anna was a mocha skinned beauty with frizzed out curly hair, disarming crystalline blue-grey eyes, breasts a little larger than mine but pointier and with large dark nipples, a tiny waist that then flared out to shapely hips, and a thin little strip of short black pubic hair no more than a quarter inch wide. The third beauty, Ellen, had to have been of Celtic lineage with long curly dark auburn hair, devilish brown eyes, breasts roughly the same size as mine, and totally shaven. Scattered about her trim frame were pale freckles, seemingly covering every inch of skin.

Despite the fact that I wore very little, I suddenly felt quite overdressed and pulled the T over my head and off followed by stepping out of the wispy g-string. Holly quickly found me a cool mimosa and before long the three other women and I were lost in conversation. Standing outdoors with them, the warm sunshine caressing my bare flesh, I was perfectly at ease. 

Halfway through the tall beverage, I realized that You had disappeared. Around the same time Holly sidled up to Ellen positioning herself with one foot between each of Ellen's and placed a hand at Ellen's waist. It was almost the pose for a foxtrot but instead of dancing, their right breasts pressed against one another, nipples grazing in the process. Ellen positioned her hand similiar to Holly's and then they drew closer to one another so that their breasts were tightly squished together. Ellen's foot and leg were now between Holly's and their upper thighs rubbed against each other's pelvic region. Their mouths drew within inches and then they locked in a passionate kiss, free hands grabbing one another by the back of the neck as they each dry humped each other.

Anna reached into a tote bag that had been sitting on a nearby table, withdrawing a shiny silver cylinder about six inches long with a rounded end. Sitting down in one of the chaise lounges then spread her legs wide, lewdly displaying herself and her puffy dark labia then used her fingers to spread them apart revealing shockingly pink inner lips. She twisted something on the flat end of the cylinder and a faint buzzing sound could be heard as she then lay the device against the pinkness and closed her eyes. Slowly stroking the metallic stimulator over herself, a blissful grin descended across her face.

When my attention returned to the other pair Holly was kneeling on the ground, face buried in Ellen's crotch. Ellen appeared to be enjoying this immensely, her lips parted and at the same time smiling. As her eyes met mine she extended a hand in my direction, motioning for me to come close. 

As I did so she held her palm out and I placed mine in hers. She drew me close. Holly aknowledged my presence by running a hand up my calf, bringing it to a rest on the inside of my knee. Continuing to minister to Ellen she drew me in tighter so that the three of our bodies were pressed together. Her hand traveled up the inside of my leg. Tantalizing slowly I felt her fingertips grew closer and closer to my sex. I knew I was getting wet and when she finally made contact with my vulvae I practically came just from the connection.

Ellen wrapped an arm around my shoulder and drew her face close to mine then lowered her lips so that she could kiss the nape of my neck. Holly's fingers were beginning to probe between my vulvae. Ellen guided my hand to her breast and moved her lips upward so that they met mine. Her lips were soft, at first gentle as they barely grazed mine then more insistent as our mouths locked more firmly. Her tongue slipped between my lips and began to gently explore my mouth just as I felt Holly's finger enter me, slipping easily between my pussy lips with ease. I slipped off to a different plane, kneading Ellen's soft breast and wrapping my other arm around her waist.

Holly shifted beneath us withdrawing her fingers, moving her oral attention now to my crotch. She immediately located my clitoris with the tip of her tongue, at first tickling it a bit, rousing me further before then burying her tongue as deeply into my vaginal slot as she could. It was nowhere near as deep as she could with her fingers or You could with your cock, but it was absolutely heavenly to feel her ever moving tongue inside me like that. She was making slurping sounds and clenching my leg with one hand, Ellen's with the other. 

Briefly breaking Ellen and my lip-lock, I glanced at Anna over on the chaise facing us with her legs still splayed wide. The silver device was gone, replaced by a large purple element that she was thrusting in and out of herself with one hand while she played with her own breasts with the other, all the time keeping her eyes trained on the three of us locked in our three way embrace. As my lips returned to Ellen's I felt Holly's tongue withdraw only to be soon replaced by a pair of fingers. I gasped as she thrust them deep inside me as did Ellen. Holly had her left hand between my thighs and her right between Ellen's, treating us to a duet of finger fucking. I realized that Ellen was feeling exactly what I was as our tongues darted in an out of each other's mouths.

Holly continued to work away at us like that as we whimpered a squirmed, mashing our breasts and faces against one another, the wave of orgasm slowly building within us. I envisioned Anna still spread eagle in the chaise watching, driving herself toward her own crest with the purple device. Eventually my mind went numb to everything but the overpowering sensations that emanated simultaneously from every region of my body and then it happened, the cresting of an intense orgasm, crashing down on me like a giant tsunami. 

It happened for Ellen too. Pulling her face away from mine she let loose an unworldly shriek of pure animalistic ecstasy. We clung to one another trembling from the intensity and clamping our legs tight around Holly's hands and forearms. She in turned squealed in delight over the outpouring of strogen fueled ecstasy that she had induced.

Continuing to tremble in each others arms, Ellen and I stood there for several minutes after Holly had extricated herself from between and below us. She wrapped her arms around our quivering bodies, softly and sensually rubbing our shoulders, backs, and buttocks as we came down from our orgasmic high. Taking turns we each kissed her deeply and passionately before finally breaking apart and returning to the world around us. Anna was still in the chaise, but the purple device now lay on the side table and her legs wer crossed in a far more demure pose than earlier. She had lit a cigarette and was sipping a tall icy beverage.

As Holly and Ellen plunged into the pool, I realized that I was dripping in sweat and the inside of my thighs were slick with a mix of perspiration, Ellen's saliva and vaginal fluid. Following their lead I dove in to the water warmed to tepid by the sun. It was barely cooling but nevertheless felt wonderful. We swam and played, stroking and fondling one another whenever close enough to. Anna soon joined us and before too long I had tasted her smoky lips as well as Holly's. 

Holly got out of the water and perched at the side, feet dangling in. Anna paddled toward her then gently pried her legs apart so that she could gain access. With her face planted there she brought Holly to a well deserved orgasm of her own. Ellen and I then followed suit so that over the course of an hour or so, each of us treated her to an orally induced blast of sexual euphoria while the others first furnished and the replenished a tall drink. When finally I emerged from the water Anna handed me one and much to my delight I discovered it was a perfectly prepared Hurricane. It disappeared quickly but another soon appeared as though by magic.

We lay in the sun for a bit, drying off quickly and then taking turns sensually anointing one another with tanning lotion. I reveled in the sensation of two pair of delicate hands slathering the stuff all over me and then marveled at how different each of their breasts felt as I returned the favor. Anna's nipples were much larger than any of the rest of ours and quickly responded to the slightest stimulation, standing proudly erect almost as though they were miniature little penises. I half expected that they would ejaculate given enough stroking. Ellen's freckle laden orbs were firm and barely pointy in form while Holly's were like small sacs with barely a trace of droop to them. All jiggled delightfully as we pranced around and played. 

An impromptu round of tag led to another dunk in the pool which ended in a four way embrace in the shallow end and my being led out of the water by Ellen and Anna. They spread out two huge towels in the small strip of mowed lawn adjacent to one side of the pool. Anna knelt down, lowering her face to my dumbell studded nipples to lick and suck on them for a bit before making her way down the front of me across my navel and abdomen. It took no coaxing on her part for me to part my legs to allow her access to my sex. Soon I was enjoying the luxury of her tongue on first my labia and then my clitoris. Every bit as skilled as Holly she soon had me close to the brink but just a skillfully backed off before I crested. 

Wrapped up in my own experience, I hadn't noticed that Ellen was attending to Holly in much the same manner. She also backed off prior to Holly going over the edge. At that point Holly switched places with Anna but instead of burying her face between my thighs she instead intertwining our legs, positioning her crotch against mine at which point she began grinding against me. 

It felt a bit strange initially but then my clitoris took over, sending little bursts of pleasure through my body every time we connected just right. After only a few minutes of this Amber interceded, prodding us apart a bit as Ellen handed her a fleshy colored flexible shaft thing that on closer inspection was a toy with phallus heads at each end. I gasped as Amber fed an end between first Holly's and then my pussy lips and into our vaginas. Slowly we worked our way back closer to each other. I felt the artificial penis head against my cervix deep inside me. 

Holly began writhing in every direction and I attempted to follow her lead, squirming away, one end of the flexible shaft deep inside each of us. It was great fun, but I got the impression that I would never actually be able to orgasm this way. Just as this thought crossed my mind Ellen squatted over me spreading her legs and lowering her crotch to my face. As she did I could briefly see clear up inside her vagina which appeared as a pinkish red cavern as it approached my face. When she was close enough I raised my head, extending my tongue to greet her. I felt her slide a soft pillow under the back of my head and I proceeded to administer the best cunnilingus I knew how. Having only days earlier tasted another woman's sex for the first time I felt like an amateur but Ellen seemed to enjoy it nevertheless.

Based on the sounds I was hearing, I imagined that there was similar activity going on at the other end of things. Not only did that turn out to be true but at one point Ellen and Anna swapped positions. I was surprised at how much larger Anna's lips were as well as her clit. Almost as large as a pea it was easy to locate and actually throbbed ever so slightly when stimulated. We carried on like that until both of them came at least once, groaning and shrieking in the process. 

I was becomng a bit frustrated with being unable to climax but that was not to be for long. Holly untangled herself from me, letting the floppy shaft linking us slip out from inside her before slowly easing it out of me as well. Anna instructed me to get on all fours and as I did I saw her strapping on a black leather harness of sorts to which was affixed a stark white artificial penis. It glistened in the bright sunlight and unlike the two headed snake that Holly and I had been sharing it was magnificently rigid protruding almost menacingly from her pelvis. Once all was firmly secured she then approached me from behind and straddling me eased first the tip of it and then most of the shaft into my all too eager vaginal hole. Anna then proceeded to ride me from behind, almost as well as You. But unlike You she also administered an occasional open handed smack across my ass as she slammed away at me peppered me with "compliments" about "what a good little cunt" I was and how I was her "sweet little fuckpuppy".

It was all intoxicatingly, obscenely effective in driving me to an intense orgasm that left me whimpering like a schoolgirl by the end. After Anna withdrew the artificial penis I rolled onto my back and soon fell fast asleep. The girls roused me after a bit, concerned that I not burn in the sun that had crested in a virtually cloudless sky. We spent the rest of the afternoon lolling about, occasionally gracing one another with erotic attention. At one point the sound of a small airplane droned overhead and we all arose to jump up and down and wave. I have no idea if the pilot or anyone that might have been aboard saw us but it was great fun to think they could. 

Before You reappeared to whisk me away again the girls got me off once more taking turns going down on me and then utilizing the purple dildo that Anna had started the afternoon with. Before heading to the car You handed me a luscious diaphanous silk robe that was overprinted in pastel flowers. It did virtually nothing to disguise my nudity beneath but it felt lovely. 
