 I just about keeled over when I walked into the pool on the Saturday of Memorial Day weekend and saw who this year's lifeguards were. I knew them of course, heck, just last year I'd graduated high school with them and I'd thought I'd never see them again since we'd all headed off in different directions for college! Well, they headed off. I went to the local state University so that I could save some money by living with my parents. 

Mitch and Ethan... the two guys I'd pretty much spent my entire high school career lusting over. Although with Ethan I can't explain exactly why.

Okay, so the guy's hot. Like, even in high school he had the kind of body that resembled drawings and sculptures of a Greek God. Girls are going to lust over him, right? But he was such a jerk to me! There were times when I hated myself for lusting after him the way I did. Because my last name is Walters and his last name is Walton, we almost always ended up seated somewhere near each other and he would always act like a five year old who was afraid of catching cooties around me. It's not like I ever did anything, heck I would get so nervous that whenever he tried to talk to me I could barely formulate words. But apparently my very existence annoyed him or something.

My crush on Mitch, his best friend, made a lot more sense. Mitch was on Varsity Swimteam, Senior year he was the captain, and he looked like it. Broad shoulders, long muscles, and these gorgeous curls that all the girls would coo over. He was always super sweet to me, as if making up for Ethan's jerk-wad ways. I'm a shy girl, so when a seriously hot and popular guy like him says hi to me in the hallway whenever he sees me, of course I'm going to have a crush. But I knew it didn't mean anything special, that's just the kind of nice guy he was.

Being shy, it's a lot easier to lust from the distance than actually try to do anything about it. 

"Hey, Allie! Ethan, look, it's Allie!" Mitch jumped up and hugged me, making me giggle out loud and swoon a little inside. For once it was a sunny and warm Memorial Day weekend so neither he nor Ethan were wearing shirts. 

Okay, I'm not a virgin, I'm almost 19 and I managed to pop my cherry during my freshman year at college with my very first-ever boyfriend, but when a guy like Mitch is shirtless and pressing his yummy chest all up in my face, I'm going to swoon a bit. It happens. I bet even girls who have had sex with tons of guys would swoon a bit. 

"Hi Mitch," I said, grinning up at him. Butterflies were careening around my stomach, because the man still had his arms around me, but who cares? Enjoy the moment! Vive la France!

I might be getting a little giddy, I admit it.

"Hey Allie." As usual, Ethan sounded kind of annoyed. I peeked around Mitch's muscled arm to see him sitting at the lifeguard table, glaring at me as if he couldn't believe his high school pestilence had managed to show up yet again.

Screw you asshole, I thought to myself. This is MY pool. 

I mean, it's my neighborhood's pool, but I live here and he doesn't and that makes it mine. Plus I've spent every day of every summer here, from Memorial Day's Saturday to Labor Day's Monday. Rain or shine. I'm like the postman, but with the pool. And it's not an easy task, let me tell you. Do you have any idea how many Memorial Day weekends have temperatures in the fifties and sixties, combined with freezing cold rain? Let me inform you: 90 percent of them. At least in this part of the country.

Sometimes I wish I lived in Texas. Or Arizona. Although I'd miss the winter.

But I digress. I do that a lot. Especially when I'm trying really, really hard not to think about how one of my high school crushes has his arms around me and the other one is glaring at me like I'm the Bubonic plague. 

"What are you doing here?" Mitch asked, after giving me a second, briefer hug. Sadly he let his arms drop after that one. My body tingled, all fizzy and happy that he'd held me at all. 

"I'm the designated pool rat," I said with an answering grin. Even though I'm shy I've always found it easy to talk to Mitch. He's just that kind of friendly personality. Plus, you know, you get lost in his hypnotizing blue eyes and suddenly all your little fears and doubts just melting away. "And this is my pool."

I say it loud enough so that Ethan can hear it, wanting to give him a heads up that I'm going to be around a LOT and he's just going to have to deal with it. And I try not to let the answering groan bug me. 

"Ignore him," Mitch advised, ushering me over to the table where Ethan is still sitting, still looking all tall, dark and annoyed. "He likes lazy days at the pool where he can slack because no one showed up."

"Then you're going to hate this place," I informed him cheerfully. "There's about five to six pool rats, although I'm the oldest one. I'm surprised the others aren't here yet."

Oops, spoke too soon. Just as the words were out of my mouth, the Johnson twins came barreling out of the men's bathroom. They were the youngest pool rats, they'd joined the club last year when they'd turned eight and were finally able to come to the pool without their mom supervising. Shockingly they were pretty well behaved most of the time, but I think that's mostly because they were afraid of having their pool privileges revoked. 

While Ethan and Mitch were distracted by the incoming pool rats, I took the opportunity to scoot away and pick out my favorite chair. It was on the same side of the pool as the lifeguard table, but far enough away that it didn't impinge on their space. Which Ethan should appreciate. I usually make buddies with the lifeguards, just because I'm at the pool so often, but I don't know if that's going to happen this year. We always have four guards in total, but I'm never going to feel comfortable just hanging out with them while Ethan's there, I know that already.

I wasn't quite hot enough to jump in the pool immediately, so I just arranged my towel and myself to my satisfaction and pulled out my e-reader. 

Yeah, I know, it's not the best idea to bring electronics to the pool, but the kind of stuff I've been reading lately isn't something I'd be comfortable getting a real book of and carrying it around with me. Even that 50 Shades stuff has become okay, but my fantasies have been going in a slightly different way... I have to admit, the spanking and domination stuff turns me on, but lately I've been getting even kinkier than that. 

Threesomes. Sex with two smoking hot men. Lexie Blake, Golden Angel and Laylah Roberts all sucked me in with hot alpha men and spankings, and then got my engine going over menages. 

My eyes wandered over to the two hunky lifeguards that I'd fantasized about separately in high school and a little smile crossed my face. Guess I'd probably be fantasizing about them this summer too, in an entirely different way. Hey, a girl's got a right to her own fantasy life, and with both of them prancing around with their muscular bodies and very little clothing, I know they're going to popping up in my head later tonight when I take out my vibrator. 

Smiling to myself, I hunker down into my book.

******

The next couple of weeks pass pretty much as I expected. I make friends with the other two lifeguards, Gina and Teresa. Surprisingly, neither of them are interested in Ethan or Mitch. Teresa has a boyfriend and Gina has a girlfriend. There are a couple of pool bunnies that show up on a pretty regular basis.

Different from pool rats because the bunnies only show up when there are hot lifeguards, and they don't show up every day like me and the other rats. I was thinking that this might be the summer where I'd get a life outside of the pool, but with Mitch and Ethan working there, how can I stay away? Even if it means I end up masturbating every night. 

Ethan seems to have resigned himself to my daily presence, although he's still not friendly. He tolerates me. I can hang out at the lifeguard table, it just means that he ends up being pretty quiet. At least he's not outright mean or teasing me anymore, I figure that's a step up. Mitch, as usually, is super friendly and a lot of fun to hang out with. He's turned into a major flirt - me, his fellow lifeguards, the pool bunnies... It makes my heart flutter even though I know it doesn't mean anything. From overhearing bathroom talk I know he's already gotten it on with at least one of the pool bunnies. 

Listening made me jealous, but I'd be lying if I said it didn't also turn me on. Shockingly, as far as I know, Ethan hasn't followed suit. He just broods and does his job. Why I find the moody brooding so hot is completely inexplicable, but there it is. Every so often, usually when I'm in the middle of a particularly hot scene on my e-reader, I get the weird thought that he's checking me out, but when I look up at him he never is. Still, it's a fun little fantasy to have. Makes me feel all squirmy inside. 

Once or twice I've gone into the bathroom just to play with myself because I can't wait until I get home. Too horny. 

As usually happens, eventually the summer storms start rolling in. When that happens the lifeguards send everyone home, but the older pool rats are usually offered shelter in the lifeguard office, which otherwise never gets used. It's got a small couch, some armchairs, the unused lounge chairs from around the pool, and the kickboards that the swimteam uses. I'm the only poolrat given a consistent invitation to come in and play cards when the thunder and lightning starts, usually from Mitch. 

One day I showed up while it was already raining. 

"Are you kidding me?" Ethan groaned when I appeared in the doorway of the lifeguard office, umbrella in one hand and pool pass in the other. 

I gave him a dirty look. "There's no lightening or thunder yet. No reason I can't go in the pool."

"He might have a point, you know," Mitch said, chuckling, as his long, hard body unfolded from the chair he'd been sitting in. They'd obviously already started to set up a card game. "Sometimes you take the pool rat thing a little far."

"If I'm not here every day, rain or shine, then I don't deserve the title of pool rat," I said. Just as I spoke, two of my fellow poolrats were coming up behind me, both girls in their early teens who were constantly mooning over Ethan and Mitch. Can't blame them. 

Just as they reached us we all heard the ominous roll of thunder. 

"Sorry girls," Mitch said with his most charming smile as Ethan heaved a sigh of relief behind him. "You know the rules, that's a half hour wait."

Both of the girls groaned and turned to go. I just gave Mitch a pleading look.

"Let me guess," he said with a deep chuckle that did delightful things to my insides. "You want to come in and wait it out with us."

"Well it takes me fifteen minutes to walk home," I pointed out. "At which point I'll immediately turn around to come back here as long as there's no more thunder."

"Alright," he said with an exaggerated sigh as Ethan grumbled behind him. "Come on in, sweetheart." He opened the door for me, playing the gentleman in a mockingly teasing way that had me giggling.

Ethan just ignored my entrance and turned on the radio. 

There was no chance of any of the other pool rats showing up, we all knew what thunder meant. We might come out in the rain, but no one liked being sent home due to lightening or thunder. Anyone who hadn't arrived yet was either already turning around to head back home or was staying put until the wait was over.

I played a couple rounds of poker with them before I got tired of Ethan's churlish attitude. The thunder had continued coming at odd intervals and finally we spotted some lightening, so I was just about to leave when the radio made that awful beeping sound that signaled a weather advisory. All three of us groaned as the radio said that it was a severe storm warning and people should stay where they were until it lessened. 

"Sorry guys," I said, with an apologetic shrug. Mitch smiled at me and Ethan just shrugged.

"Want to play another hand?" Mitch asked.

"Nah, I think I'm just going to read for a bit," I said. I figured Ethan was probably tired of playing cards with me anyway, I could let him and Mitch just hang for a bit. Besides, I'd gotten to a particularly good part in my book before leaving for the pool this morning and I'd been looking forward to reading more while I was at the pool. Of course, I hadn't figured on being trapped in the office for so long - the weather report this morning had said scattered thunderstorms but I'd been hoping they'd be scattered elsewhere.

When I'm reading a book that I'm really into, it's like the rest of the world falls away. Even if the rest of the world is two total hunks that I'm picturing in my head even as I'm reading. Their voices dimmed to a muted buzz and then disappeared as I became completely engrossed in another world entirely. 

So it was a rude shock when my e-reader was suddenly grabbed out of my hands from behind me. I was cuddled into an armchair which meant that I couldn't even spin around very quickly, the bulk of the chair and the high back kept me from being able to grab the device back. All the blood drained from my face as Ethan, my high school tormentor who loved nothing better than to tease me, danced backed with a huge grin on his face, looking at the screen.

"So whatcha reading, cupcake?" 

"Give it back!" I clutched at the back of the armchair, up on my knees. Impending doom was racing down on me and there was nothing I could do to stop it. 

Mitch was no help, he never had been, he just sat at the card table watching with an amused smile on his face. To my horror, instead of just teasing me with his possession of my e-reader, Ethan did exactly what I was most hoping he wouldn't. He looked at the screen and started to read out loud. 

"Working her jaw muscles to keep from drooling," Ethan's voice faltered a little, becoming almost incredulous. I just closed my eyes and tried to pretend I was anywhere else as he kept reading. "She kept her eyes trained on the floor in front of her as she wondered what Justin was doing. If he was going to touch her. What Chris was getting out of the bag. Trying to keep track of both of them while also holding perfectly still in her position and sucking on the gag in her mouth was proving difficult. Too many things to turn her attention to."

"What the hell..." I heard Mitch say, almost wonderingly. I wondered if it was possible to spontaneously die of embarrassment.

I should be so lucky.

"When Chris walked up in front of her and fondled her breast, she felt a little gush of pleasure between her legs. She was so wet that she wouldn't be surprised if she was actually dripping on the floor. Whimpering around the gag as he pinched at her nipples, she did her best not to move at all, sure that Justin was watching while Chris enjoyed himself. The whole two against one thing could be so immensely unfair sometimes - she couldn't get away with anything. On the other hand she knew that deep down she liked it that way."

Ethan's voice had been getting almost hoarse as he read and now it finally stuttered to a stop.

I forced myself to open my eyes and hold my head high, despite the fact that my cheeks were so hot I thought I might actually burst into flame at any moment. I shouldn't be the one embarrassed, I didn't care what they thought. I could enjoy whatever books I wanted and screw them!

They were both staring at me as if they'd never seen me before.

I hadn't thought it was possible, but somehow my face felt like it got even redder. Actually my entire body was feeling kind of hot - and I told myself it wasn't just because I'd been listening to Ethan describe a scene right out of one of my fantasies in his deep sexy voice. It was a combination of arousal from what I'd been reading, humiliation that now they knew what I'd been reading, and the despair of knowing that there was no way in hell I'd ever be able to come back to this pool house. 

"Can I have my e-reader back please?" I said, almost primly, as if I wasn't experiencing my first ever full body blush.

For a moment it looked like Ethan was debating, and then out of the corner of my eye I saw Mitch moving towards me. Turning to look at him, I almost froze when I saw the heat in his normally sparkling blue eyes. There was an intensity there that I'd never seen before, that was absent when he normally flirted with me and the other girls around the pool. 

"Is that what you're reading on that thing all the time?" Mitch asked. "Porn? Kinky threesome porn?"

He had almost reached the armchair where I was kneeling when suddenly Ethan moved, standing on the other side of the chair so that I was between them, as if they were facing off against each other. My head tilted back to look up at Mitch who was grinning down at me. 

"Have you ever done anything kinky?" Mitch asked, ignoring the dark presence of Ethan on my left. He leaned down towards me and all of the sudden Ethan's arm was around my waist, underneath my breasts, pulling me away and off of the chair. My back was pressed up against all six foot something of him and, I swear, I think I heard him actually growl. 

"Leave her alone," Ethan said warningly. 

What the heck? I suddenly felt like they were fighting over me, but that wasn't possible. Mitch was just a flirt and Ethan didn't like me... but there was no denying that the atmosphere in the lifeguard obvious had just altered. Tensed. Just like Ethan's arm.

I let out a little squeak and tapped the muscular forearm that was like an iron band around my ribs. "Can't breathe."

Immediately it loosened. But it didn't drop away. 

"She reads about kinky sex and threesomes," Mitch said, never taking his eyes away from mine. I wanted to speak up and tell them to not talk about me like I wasn't there, but my breath felt strangled in my throat. Not to mention all the distractions, like hot, hard male standing directly behind me and his arm around. Not in a million years did I ever think I'd be pressed up against Ethan like this, my back or my front, and some part of my brain was memorizing exactly how fantastic it felt. "Maybe she'd like to experience a little. Do you have kinky threesome fantasies, Allie?"

"Yes." The word slipped out before I could stop it. Mitch was coming closer again, his eyes almost hypnotizing.

Maybe this is the way a mouse felt when it was in front of a snake, knowing that it's in danger, but unable to look away or run. My instincts for self-preservation obviously suck. 

"Do you sometimes fantasize about having a threesome with me and Ethan?"

"Mitch-"

"Yes." It was like being drunk, this endorphin high that was flying through me, making me say things that I never thought I would - like the truth. I felt dizzy, light-headed, and like I was flying on top of the world. Like Icharus flying too close to the sun and knowing I'm about to get burned, knowing that my wings are about to melt and I'm going to have a shattering fall to earth in the form of reality, but right now things were too much like one of my fantasies for me not to want to indulge a little. Have a threesome with Mitch and Ethan in the poolhouse?

Yeah, I can't even count how many times I've masturbated to that particular fantasy over the past few weeks. Singular, together, whatever, the thought turns me on. Even being teased like this, pretending for one second that it might actually happens, makes the fact that my pool rat days are over worth it. I'll never be able to face them after this, now that they know, but at least I can spend the rest of my summer reliving these moments where they're both acting like they're actually attracted to me. 

Ethan's arm tightens again, pressing me against him and I suddenly become very aware that maybe he's not just pretending like he's attracted to me. Or, at the very least, he REALLY likes having a girl's butt pressed up against him. 
