 Within minutes her phone rang, it was Sarah. Lauren quietly answered, after a few seconds, she tried to calm her down explaining she was still at Dave's in a quiet sheepish voice. Amy tried to listen as best she could. Lauren was trying to tell her what had happened but couldn't. 

Amy couldn't resist a tease and said loud enough for Sarah to hear "tell her to come over and join us for the day?" 

Lauren blushed as Sarah screamed down the phone. Eventually she hung up and looked at Amy red faced as if she was doing the walk of shame at home. They stared at each other in a tense few seconds then burst out laughing, they continued their tea and breakfast chatting casually as they did.

Drying off in the ambient temperature of the room. Amy invited her to the sofa where they sat a little longer, making more small talk about each other's lives and got to know each other better. After a few minutes Laurens phone went off, it was a text message from Sarah. She read it and giggled showing Amy.

Amy took her phone and texted Sarah back. Lauren giggled and wiggled on the chair, looking at Amy whispering "should we tell Dave?" 

"Nah, he'll need the rest, leave him." Amy replied.

They laughed together and Lauren kissed Amy then whispered gently to her "I know Sarah's always wanted to have me, this is going to be fun, she has no idea what she's in for has she?" 

Amy shook her head. "can we do something special?" Lauren asked, 

Amy nodded as she continued "can we play the cum roulette game with her?" 

Amy smiled shaking her head replying "aww sweety, there's not enough of us really... but I tell you what, we could do something else if you like?"

Lauren pitted her head in interest and disappointment enquiring "what did you have in mind?" 

Amy giggled as she moved closer, kissing her lips tenderly before replying. "so, just how kinky is Sarah?" 

Lauren shrugged, "she's always bragging about her escapades, she really wants to bed me but I would never let her. But as for kinks, I know she's always wanted to try anal." 

Amy grinned a devilish grin before kissing Lauren. "I know what it is you want, and I promise that if you come around next weekend, you'll get a chance to play, but today. I think you and Sarah need to experience real intense orgasms first, don't you?" 

Lauren smiled and agreed. After a few more minutes planning what would happen when her friend arrived, there was soon a knock at the door. Amy stood up with Lauren and pulled her towel from her, dropping it to the floor. She then dropped her own towel and kissed Lauren passionately. 

"ready?" she asked. 

They made their way to the door. Lauren opened it and there stood Sarah, a shocked look on her face as she saw her best friend and a stranger standing there naked to welcome her. Sarah was wearing a simple red dress that complemented her red hair. 

She was the same height as Lauren but had a bigger bust, Amy and Lauren each grabbed a hand and dragged her in, closing the door behind her. 

"You look gorgeous! you must be Sarah, welcome." Amy greeted her.

Sarah replied quietly in surprise "er, thanks. hi. you must be Amy."

Amy and Lauren both kissed her cheeks at the same time, embracing her as they did. Sarah submitted quickly to them and kissed Lauren breathing as she did. Before she could finish, Lauren kissed her back deeply, Amy reached behind her and unzipped her dress and between them the undressed her.

Leaving her standing in her red silk bra and thong. Lauren broke the kiss and led her further into the room. Amy followed closely behind inspecting her ass with her eyes, they walked in silence until they reached the sofa. 

Sarah then broke the tension, "So what have you been up to?" nervously wobbling her voice.

Lauren replied softly "I have had the most intense orgasms of my life thanks to this pair." 

Amy reached at Sarah and unclipped her bra, as Lauren slid her fingertips into her thong and slid them down. Sarah allowed them to strip her again, then kissed them passionately in turn. Tongues colliding in a frenzy of hands caressing and touching. Sarah found herself quickly at the mercy of the girls and moaned as she submitted. 

She was stood naked being kissed and caressed by Amy and Lauren, for what seemed minutes but was only really a few desperate seconds before she felt Amy's fingers running down her to feel her hot moist pussy. She gasped and jumped a little as Amy hissed to Lauren, 

"mmmmm... I think she's ready baby." 

Sarah was giggling in anticipation and asked cheekily "I hope I get that thong back?"

Amy raised an eyebrow, looking at Lauren for clarification, she just smiled and shrugged her shoulders.

Lauren giggled and nodded at Sarah, then Amy led the girls to the bedroom where Dave was laying naked on the bed. He had been up and had remade the bed and was laying on it, he was sleeping but was sporting a big erection that made even Amy wide eyed. He had clearly enjoyed his morning so far, but was blissfully unaware as to their new visitor.

Sarah stood, an arm wrapped around Amy and Lauren, her ginger trimmed bush hidden only by Laurens fingers as she rubbed her. They looked at their prize and Amy whispered to the girls 

"I think it's time we woke him up don't you?" 

they giggled quietly and they made their way to the bed, they got onto it, Amy on the left, Sarah in the middle then Lauren. Amy grabbed his cock and offered it up to Sarah who took his head into her mouth. As she did, Amy and Lauren both immediately leaned and began licking his shaft as she did. Sarah's tongue tickled over his head and he began to move a little bit. It didn't take long for him to stir and he opened his eyes and looked down to see the three girls working on his cock.

"Is that?" he whispered.

Amy looked up and giggle "mmmhmm..." 

He leant up on his elbows to watch, the girls licked and lapped his cock, each taking it in turns to suck on his head. Sarah wiggled her ass, bumping into Amy and Lauren's hips as she did, it was clear that she had an urge to fuck him. She popped off him and looked at Lauren.

"I've been thinking about this all night." She admitted quietly.

Lauren giggled at her and whispered back "you'll be thinking about it afterwards too." 

Sarah and Amy both giggled at her in response, Sarah moved up and looked at Amy for permission, she nodded and smiled at her. Sarah and Lauren both raised up and got onto the bed, Sarah grinned eagerly as she straddled him, looking into his eyes and melted in them, hesitating as she did. 

She then looked at Lauren, her eyes looked down to his bare cock and blushed a little indicting to Lauren she needed protection. Lauren just grinned massively and shook her head. Sarah's mouth dropped and she grinned mischievously, as she held above him she dripped onto his shaft, then reached down and guided him into her.

She slid down him and moaned as she did. almost exactly as Lauren had, her eyes rolled back and she paused her small frame half way down him. Amy moved to the other side book casing Sarah. Lauren and Amy then reached and took in her c cup breasts in their mouth and sucked on them. 

Sarah moaned louder as she slid up and down him, only getting him in half way at a time. everytime she slid down him she whined, her juices easing her onto him more and more each time. She was much tighter than Lauren and her juices helped loosen her up. 

Sarah finally sank all the way down onto him and let out a deep carnal moan. Lauren giggled as she did and with Amy lifted her up and down, helping her fuck him. Every time she slid up she moaned and every time she slid down him she whimpered.

Amy looked at Lauren and they pulled her off him, her eyes opened widely as she felt his length leave her. She gasped and trembled as her pussy leaked, Amy grabbed her leg and moved it out, Lauren did likewise and Sarah ended up cradled in their arms as they held her legs out and supported her back. Lauren immediately knew what to do and they lifted her up and slid her back onto his cock. 

Sarah groaned again as she was helpless to stop it, she was now at the mercy of Amy and Lauren as they pulled her up and down his shaft. Dave moaned a little as she did, watching the girls cradle her and control her movements on him. The girls knew that Dave would soon cum inside Sarah, Lauren was becoming jealous as she wanted to feel more of his cum. 

Amy could see that Lauren was hungry for what Sarah was about to inevitably get and moaned just loud enough for only them to hear, 

"mmmmm he's gonna fill you both so much today, I hope you like cum Sarah?" 

Sarah's orgasm began as she heard the words, gasping and struggling for breath. Lauren giggled and hissed at Amy "she's like me, never had it inside her before." 

With that Sarah screamed as she clenched around him, 

"Fuck!" she hissed, 

Amy and Lauren both exclaimed "oh yeah, fill her, that's it baby." 

Dave moaned louder, making Amy and Lauren both drop her on him as deep as they could as he began unloading a large load into Sarah.

Sarah let out a loud moan of orgasm, she clenched and her body jerked in reaction, enjoying all he could give her. He pumped a few more loads into her and Lauren moved to see the look on her face.

Sarah's orgasm subsided and she rolled off him, Lauren gave him no chance to move or recover and leapt straight onto his cock. Sarah was breathless and collapsed beside Dave, kissing him passionately on the lips as she turned and faced Lauren, who was now bouncing up and down on his dick like a woman possessed. 

She was already breathing heavily, close to orgasm having watched her best friend being fucked and filled by Dave. She now wanted his cum too and was determined to get it. Dave leaned over to Sarah as he got rode and kissed her again, this time Amy moved to Dave's other side and kissed his neck and chest as Lauren slid up and down him. 

Dave extended and arm down to Amy's pussy and then down to Sarah's as his seed began to spill from her. He smeared it into her clit which made her writhe in pleasure, it didn't take long until they were all moaning. Amy moved and straddled her man's face, which he eagerly went straight to work on, lapping and sucking on the folds of her flesh. 

Dave was licking Amy and fingering Sarah as Lauren bounced on him, eager to make him cum again. Sarah's orgasm was now building back up and Amy was enjoying her man's expert fingers on her. She then leant down greeting his fingers and replaced them with her tongue. Sarah moaned loudly as Amy began sucking his cream from her.

The foursome grew into a loud noise of moans and panting, Amy's tongue lapped crazily against Sarah's clit, Dave was seemingly matching her tongues movements with his own. Lauren started to tingle and thrash on him, she clenched around him and begged him, 

"oohh yes fuck me baby, gimme your seed, I need it inside me." 

Dave moaned as she did vibrating his cries into Amy as he burst inside her. He felt his balls tighten and shot out what felt like yet another big load deep into Lauren. He continued to pump into her, as she reached behind and cradled his balls, feeling them twitch in her hand and empty. She trembled and giggled as she felt him. Slowing down on him and looking down at the mash of bodies.

Lauren slid off him and moved towards Sarah who was writhing beside them, Amy looked up at her and quietly whispered to Lauren. 

"why don't you rub your cum soaked pussies together?" 

Lauren had never done anything like this before, she hadn't even considered this, but strangely, it turned her on. She wondered what it would feel like to share such intimacy with her friend. Her smile turned to a smirk as she moved her legs between Sarah's, she was still writhing, eyes closed as Lauren moved into position. She was unsure what to expect and gently moved forwards, Dave moved and rolled to give Amy his exclusive attention.

Lauren moved in closer and her labia finally connected with Sarah's, as soon as they touched they both let out a moan. Sarah looked to see what it was and saw Lauren. Her eyes glazed as she felt the cum slide between them. They both moved their hips and grinded themselves together. 

Scissored together, their legs and hips moved in slow, rhythmic patterns as Dave's cum began oozing out between them. They moaned as they felt it, squirming and bucking in pleasure as they continued. Amy and Dave were kissing and caressing one another, passionately as Amy straddled him and continued his licking. 

By now Lauren and Sarah were moaning loudly as their pussies slid and rubbed together, his cum had now seeped from them both and was making a noise and mess between them. Amy and Dave watched as the pair tribbed and moaned. It was such an erotic sight, it didn't take long for the sexual tension in the room to build again, Sarah and Lauren were bucking against each other, their moans grew louder and they both began to orgasm almost simultaneously.

"Ohhh... Fuck!" hissed Sarah as her friend moaned in orgasm, touching their pussies together. 

As the pair moaned, Amy bent down and took in Dave's length as he continued to eat her out. nursing his spent cock, tasting the girls mixed juices on him. His semi hard length slid into her hungry mouth as she began to cum on his face herself. She moaned as she did, trembling on him, her tongue danced around his cock as his was doing inside her slit. 

Sarah and Lauren were relaxing in the scissor embrace, watching their hosts beside them. After a few moments, Amy calmed and rolled off him, then moved to his face and kissed him deeply, tasting her juices on his mouth. Lauren move too and greeted Sarah with a similar kiss. All four enjoyed their passion filled kisses in silence, Amy broke away first, breathing deeply in recovery.

"why don't you go grab a shower hun, I'll take care of these two." Amy whispered quietly to Dave.

Dave got up and headed for the bathroom, leaving the three girls laying on the bed embracing each other. They spent about five minutes just calming themselves in their embrace, Amy eventually got up and moved over towards her bedside drawer. Lauren looked in high expectation, just waiting for the cuffs to come out for Sarah.

As Amy turned, Laurens eyes bulged, Sarah gasped as they both looked in awe. She stood there with a strapon dildo in one hand and a vibe in the other. She swayed her hips as she walked back to the bed, tossing over the vibe to Lauren before pulling the strap on up onto her hips. Buckling it up as she looked at Lauren teasing Sarah with the vibe. 

Sarah laid back and allowed Lauren to rub the vibrating love toy gently massage her labia and clit, moaning and gasping as she did. Lauren was grinning, never before had she experienced something like this. Amy crawled onto the bed, the hard black rubber cock swayed stiffly as she did moving behind Lauren as she teased Sarah. 

As soon as she felt the cold rubber hit her back-end she moaned in gentle anticipation. Amy just giggled as she maneuvered herself into position. Lauren wiggled her ass as she felt Amy position the hard dildo. She moaned as Sarah did under the vibrations of the toy, it wasn't long before Amy pushed herself into Lauren's gaping soaked pussy. 

Lauren let out a moan and laugh, turning her head to see Amy's slim frame fucking her from behind. Her smile was unique, never had she seen a girl behind her and felt herself being fucked. It played with her emotions and she loved it. 

Sarah watched on as she enjoyed being toyed with, looking as Amy fucked Lauren and Lauren worked the vibrating toy into her clit. before long a chorus of moans were escaping the pair as the tension in the room grew. Amy was gripping Laurens hips as she began thrusting in and out of her with the strapped on dildo. 

"Oh shit, that's so sexy." Lauren hissed as she looked behind her again.

Her voice trembled as Amy slammed into her, Sarah was on the cusp of her orgasm when Lauren spoke, her trembling voice too seductive for her to cope with she began moaning loudly in orgasm. her knees shaking and juices flooding from her as Lauren pushed in the vibrating toy deeply into her.

"Oh yes, fuck me Amy." Lauren moaned as she began her own orgasm.

Amy continued slamming into Lauren, reaching her hands around to her breasts, caressing them as Dave does to her when in the same position. Lauren's orgasm peaks as Sarah's calms, moaning and gasping. Sarah opens her eyes and watches as the pair fuck in front of her. 

As Lauren screams, Dave walks out of the bathroom, stands in the doorway and watches the girls on the bed. His grin saying more than his words ever could. Wrapped in just a towel, Dave made his way slowly in, knowing that when Amy was in this mood, it usually meant she was in a kinky mood and it was clear she wanted to play fully with these two fine women all day.

Dave arrived at the bed, kneeling on it beside Sarah, who reached instinctively at his towel. It dropped and he sprang free, Sarah immediately grabbed it as Lauren removed the vibe from her. Sarah sat up and hungrily licked on his hardening cock. He was soon hard in her mouth and she worked on him as if it was her first. Lauren and Amy were still fucking as Sarah worked him hard. 

Lauren leaned in and kissed Sarah as she broke off his cock, passionately and seductively. Sarah then moved and shared his cock with her, them both licking at it as Amy continued fucking Lauren with the dildo. Amy looked at Dave and smiled, knowing what she wanted, He moved a little, grabbing Laurens head and at the same time as Amy, pushed his hard cock into her mouth. She gagged as her eyes bulged at the sensation of both her mouth and her pussy being filled together.

Sarah leaned back again and watched as her friend got her holes filled. Amy was taking more control and as she pushed into Lauren, it pushed her deeper onto Daves cock. Lauren moaned on his cock, Sarah looked on in jealousy, after a few minutes Dave pulled out of Laurens mouth. She was gasping for air as she looked at Sarah, then smiled as she did. 

Sarah moved again, hungry to have his cock, sucking on it again before encouraging him to fuck her. As she did, Lauren moved and laid down beside her, spreading her legs for Amy. Both Amy and Dave positioned themselves between the girls legs and together entered them at the same time. Both girls howled in pleasure as they had this couple fuck them in time with one another. Their hips moving in and out, every movement deliberate. 

The Girls laid there, moaning as they both got fucked. Dave and Amy both picked up their pace, slamming into them hard and fast. The girls moaned in unison and once again, it wasn't long before their orgasms coincided and once again the air was filled lust and noise. Both Amy and Dave, spurred on by this intense noise, slammed into them harder.

Amy then broke away, pulling out of Lauren she moved over towards the bedside drawer. Lauren grinned as she knew the drawer contained fun things. As she left, Dave rolled in between the girls, Sarah immediately straddled him and slid him into her again. Amy pulled out some lube and walked over towards the bed again. 

"That's a cute ass Sarah." Amy whispered as she arrived back at the bed.

She looked at Lauren who had picked up the vibrating toy and was playing with it. Amy cupped Sarah's ass as she slid up and down Dave's cock. Sarah giggled as she moaned, Amy then squeezed some lube out onto her palm and rubbed it over the rubber dildo, then caressed Sarah's anus with the rest on her fingers. Sarah moaned at the touch, squirming as she did. 

"Oh my." Sarah panted, completely submitting herself to the couple.

"I think it's time we had a little more fun, don't you?" Amy retorted as she gently pushed her finger into Sarah's anus.
