 (Notes)

I've had several comments along the way that my typical submissions are rather long stories and focus more on romance side of Literotica than the "erotica". So I thought I'd try a short story that is fundamentally an erotica story. Hope you enjoy this change of pace story line. 

*****

THURSDAY DINNER

Chapter One

It's Becoming Routine

I sat quietly in my cubical finishing up some busywork and doing a bit of people watching as yet another Thursday morning came to a close. My fellow cubical dwellers slipped in and out with their alternating break times for lunch as I finished up a routine report. Just as I was about to refocus my attention on finalizing the document in front of me, I noticed Amelia pass by. Suddenly I felt like the the ugly extra from season three of Survivor, who was never really going to win anyway. Amelia was wearing the same blouse that I was wearing. Yet her full breasted figure somehow made the same outfit seem quite different. My much smaller breasts didn't fill out the blouse anything like hers.

With a sigh of disgust I tried to shake the thought. 'Second tier', 'second class', and the 'backup plan' are all phrases that have been used to describe me during my college years. Of course I'm just being overly hard on myself as always. It isn't really as bad as I can make it sound on my days of mixed emotion and depression. But one glance at the nearly bursting buttons on Amelia's blouse made me settle back into my task chair with uncontrolled envy.

Toward the end of the first wave of employees leaving for the break area, Roman passed by. His tall, thin frame stood several inches higher than the rest of the group making him hard to miss. Those dreamy, dark eyes and bronze skin tones forced me to watch him pass as if by involuntary muscle movement. I admit it. I've been mesmerized by Roman since the day we first met during newbie orientation.

My chair gently swiveled to extend my viewing opportunity. Then as he was about to leave the room he caught my eye, he smiled at me, and gave the universal signal for "phone me." My heart skipped a beat wishing it meant more than what I knew it really was. "God, I'd love to get Roman alone in a room with me for just an hour. I'd give him a ring alright." I thought to myself as he waved. 

Roman, Neil and I were seated next to each other during orientation for our new jobs just a year and a half earlier. Fresh out of college we all had hopes of making it big but found ourselves like many of our age group, accepting entry level jobs and barely making ends meet.

I was seated between these two gorgeous men for two full days of training and by the time we were done, we had become fast friends. Roman's sarcasm was worthy a writing position on Saturday Night Live. Neil on the other hand was far different. He was intense and driven. Somehow our friendship grew even deeper during the first few months of working together. Now we were a trio of friends that probably would be friends for life.

We developed a unique routine in those early days of working together, that was now about a year old. Every Thursday, the three of us would get together and have dinner at one of our apartments. Out of boredom and frustration with rushing home to fix dinner alone every day, we knew there would be one night each week filled with a shared meal, laughs, conversation, and during the right season of the year a Thursday night football game.

We're not sure exactly when the actual rotation started, but it became very easy. I'm pretty certain it was Roman's idea but we all agreed that it would be fun to try. Rather than holding the weekly discussion of where we were meeting and what we were eating, we decided to rotate. Usually whoever hosted the gathering would do the cooking and let the other two relax before dinner. 

So each week I spent an evening with two gorgeous men, having dinner and enjoying their company. I started fantasizing about Roman from the moment I met him. And yes, I have a pretty rich fantasy life. Some would consider it a bit dark and sick, but I prefer to simply enjoy it. Unlike Roman's tall, thin frame Neil was built more like a football player. He played in high school ball and was on the reserve team at a small college. His full and healthy body was tight with muscles in all the right places that drove me nuts. So Neil also became a focus of my fantasy life as well. 

Okay, I truly admit this also. It bugged me. For some reason, after spending lunches together, working in cubicles near each other, and sharing our weekly dinner together, there was nothing; nothing at all. It bugged the hell out of me. Not once in the year and a half that we've worked together, did either of these guys ever make even the slightest move toward me. Frankly, I've almost gotten to the place that this platonic group of friends was becoming an annoyance than the originally pleasant gathering it once had been.

A close girlfriend from back home had started referring to them as my "two buds" in a sarcastic voice reminding me that this would never be anything other than a friendship. God I hoped to prove her wrong someday. But there were days like today when I realized that I wasn't seen as a woman worthy of being their date, partner, or intimate friend.

There were nights when I got home from our Thursday dinner feeling like I was only thought of as one of the boys and not a healthy, lovely young woman of their same age with a normal female sexuality. They didn't seem to consider me sexually or intimately. Not once did I catch either of them looking at me, even when I wore my most alluring outfits. What the fuck? Were they gay or were they simply not interested in a normal girl next door type like me? 

Okay, I'm pretty certain they aren't gay. Some of our dinner conversation had included comments about specific women at work. Of course it included big boobie Amelia and her "amazing chest".

From time to time there had been moments when I thought the freakin' dam would break and I'd do something totally insane to break the ice. Once as Roman was finishing up preparing dinner, Neil and I found ourselves sitting side by side on a couch watching the evening news. I was so tired that I nodded off, slipping to my side and leaning against his firm shoulder. Moments later, I woke up as he was helping me shift back to an upright position. God, I felt like such a fool. He didn't even want me leaning against him for a quick nap, let alone the thought that I'd have a shot at sharing his bed.

Roman also seemingly rejected me. While arguing about what tv channel we'd be watching as we waited for dinner, we started fighting over the remote. He held it high above his head, daring me to try and get it. So I tried. I climbed up into his lap and tried to climb his lanky body to get to it. Yeah, I know. Kinda lame, but I made sure my breasts were just inches away from his face as I wrestled him for the remote. He quickly relented and gave me the remote rather than continue the struggle. 

Is it awful of me to have these feelings of rejection? It's almost like I'm good enough to be there as a friend, good enough to have dinner with weekly, but not good enough to ask out on a date or god forbid make a sexual advance toward. It had been so long since I had a man in my bed that I had all but forgotten how. Something has to change.

Almost every night I had sexual fantasies about them. Some were simple erotic dreams of sexual encounters with one or the other, and sometimes both at the same time. I daydreamed about what their cocks looked like and how they would be different. I mentally played through how I would approach touching them and the ecstasy of having one of them on top of me. 

So here I am. Once again having dinner with two gorgeous men while internally fantasizing about them both. I wonder if they even realize how often I think of them sexually. I've found them both to be extremely attractive, each in their own way. Yet neither of them seemed to be interested in me at all.

Tonight was my night to host the weekly dinner. I had to know if there was nothing more than just a friendship between us, or if there was some sexual spark between us that the two of them had not acted upon. Tonight was my night and I had a plan.  

Chapter Two

Dinner at My House

"Hell no!" came a shout from the living room. Neil is often extremely uninhibited when expressing his opinions, especially on the life changing topics of modern politics. His well defined views were regularly and loudly verbalized at the tv screen when certain news channels came on screen. He continued shouting as Roman filled out the commentary that could be heard all the way in the kitchen. I think Roman would sometimes egg him on. 

The boys had easily fallen into their normal place in the living room after the long day at work as I made final preparations on dinner. This was it; this was the night I was going to find out if I was just one of the boys or if there was any chance I'd be considered as a woman by these two. 

I found myself musing about them as I prepared. Neil is strong and solid, an avid outdoorsman and sports enthusiast that captures my imagination. Roman is tall and lean with a runner's body. His eyes captivated me every time I looked at him. Both men were perpetually in my dreams and fantasies. Both were extremely attractive to me. Either would be someone I could see myself becoming close with rather quickly judging by my sexual satisfaction while fantasizing about them. 

My breath quickened as I realized that I was really going through with this. Wiping down the countertop where I had prepared a few vegetables for the salad. I thought briefly about how they would react to my plans. I glanced at the dining room table that had been set for the two men in my life. There were beers and a full salad with several meat toppings prepared for them, ready to eat. The center of the small table was left free for the presentation of the dinner entree. 

I headed off to my bedroom for a moment, calling out to them as I went. "Hey, guys. Dinner. Go ahead and eat. By the time you're done, the main course will be ready. About five minutes."

From my room I could hear them stumbling into the kitchen and on through to the small dining room that barely fit the four person dining table. They were still arguing about the evening news segment that had played a few moments earlier. 

I took deep breaths as I prepared myself. There was a momentary hitch in my breathing as I pondered whether or not I was about to commit friendship suicide. By now the guys had probably finished their salads and were ready for dinner. Finishing the deep breath, I realized that I'd never be happy until I knew for sure how these two men felt about me. "I'm doing it." I literally verbalized as I rallied myself to go through with my plan. With that, I opened the bedroom door and headed down the small hallway to the dining nook. 

As I rounded the corner Neil coughed loudly, nearly choking on the beer that he was sipping. Roman had yet to glance my direction, his focus clearly on the last remaining bites of his salad. But soon he noticed Neil's reaction and turned to watch me enter.

By this time there was no turning back. I walked into the kitchen and straight toward the dining room wearing only a sheer, see through robe that wasn't even completely closed. The thin material gently rubbing against my skin combined with emotional excitement and the complete exposure I was offering made my body tingle with arousal.

I stopped at the doorway into the dining area and asked, "Are you ready for the main course?"

Both men were completely stunned and utterly speechless. Roman's jaw was actually set slightly ajar as the confusion set in on his expression. But I had anticipated the possibility of speechlessness at this point. I had played all the scenarios through in my mind dozens of times. I considered the shock scenario, a flight scenario, and even, I hoped, a sexual devouring scenario. All the possibilities, all the directions both good and bad had been considered. But I still had to know. So I just pressed onward.

Swallowing for a moment of courage, I pulled the robe off my shoulders and let it fall to the floor, leaving me completely naked in front of them. The sheer robe slid silently from around me and fell into a pile on the floor at my feet. As I reached the end of the table, I could see the shocked looks of both men up close now. Neil was to my right and Roman to my left, seated at the spots I had prepared for them. I guess they didn't realize there was no third salad and drink prepared. 

The table edge was just a few inches lower than my well manicured muff. The time I took for personal care seemed to pay off. The boys were no longer looking me in the eye. I could see that Roman was shamelessly focused on my breasts while Neil seemed to be focused on the small, finely trimmed patch of hair that graced my pubic area.

Turning around slowly, I back up to the table exposing my ass to them. My ass was one of my features that I feel most confident about. It had always been round and tight all through school and now into young adulthood. I could feel the cold surface as my ass cheeks met the wooden edge just as clearly as I could feel my heart thumping in my chest. Taking a soft hop up onto the table, I sat on the edge with my back to them. Then slowly I drifted backward until my naked body was resting completely exposed between them on the small table. I then raised my arms above my head, stretching my body out across the small piece of furniture from end to end. 

Roman moved swiftly to slide his beer bottle to the side, permitting me to settle back on the table. Neil was still speechless and didn't move as quickly. I could feel the edge of his salad bowl rubbing against my ribs. He finally stirred and pulled the plate away, putting it on a small, decorative table in the corner of the room.

I looked directly up at the hanging light, waiting and longing for them to simply take me right here and now. But nothing. There was along, awkward pause and quiet.

In my peripheral vision I could see the boys looking at each other, then back at me as if to ask each other, "what now?"

Closing my eyes, I realized what a god awful mistake I had made. my lips tightened and my heart all but froze in place. Apparently they weren't interested in me sexually. I had made an utter ass of myself and may have just ruined a friendship with two people that I had grown to enjoy almost as closely as family. 

I could feel the warmth of my embarrassment begin to spread across my flesh, probably causing my cheeks to become red. Even exposed and offering myself to them, they just sat there. My mind started racing with thoughts of how to resolve what I had done. I could run to my room and dress quickly, hoping they had not been freaked out by my blatant actions. But by then they may have already left and I wouldn't have time to explain my frustrations with them.

"Say something. Say anything." I whispered, gripping back tears that were welling up in my emotions. But they didn't say anything. I had singlehandedly destroyed a friendship that had lasted nearly two years. My eyes clinched to hold back the potential tears when I heard a chair move, backing away from the table. It was Neil's. He was probably leaving, leaving me to my feelings of failure.

Suddenly a wave of shame came over me. Rumors and stories about this night would spread at work like wild fire. People would whisper as I walked by, 'there's the sex freak that exposed herself to two of our other employees.' I would certainly need to find another job.

But that's when my life changed forever.

I felt a hand slowly slip tentative fingers around my breast. The warm of flesh to flesh touch was so welcome that I exhaled deeply. Neil had not left. He merely stood next to the table and looking down at me he was visually exploring my body as he gripped my breast with his hand. 

His middle fingers slid between my breasts, massaging and caressing. His thumb gently slid across my nipple causing me to shiver. I fully opened my eyes to see he was gazing at my face. His somewhat astonished, somewhat amused look was comforting. He hadn't left. He leaned forward and to my surprise, he began to kiss me.

The rough exterior of Neil that was all outdoorsman, all sports fanatic, and all muscle seemed far different than his kiss. He was gentle and passionate. His mouth was wet and wonderful. I could feel the hesitancy in his breathing.

As his tongue penetrated my mouth, I could taste the sweetness of the salad dressing he had just finished eating. His tongue explored me as his grip on my breast tightened. He firmly massaged my breast as his kiss became less timid. 

My left hand reached to my side and found his hip. I gripped the side of his hip and leg, feeling him sway as he kissed me. Touching him for the first time in such an intimate way, I could feel the firm, solid muscles of his legs.

Without warning I felt my right breast engulfed by a warm, wet kiss. My nipple experienced the sweep of a tongue before being sucked into the warmth. Roman's much taller body didn't need to stand or move the chair to reach me. The hand he was using to squeeze my breast, causing my nipple to point upward into his mouth was exhilarating. He was much more forceful than I had expected but his grip was welcomed by a soft moan that transferred into Neil's mouth as he was kissing me.

My mind was racing with pleasure. Gradually the fear of losing their friendship faded, overtaken by the sheer delight of their touch. Neil had begun caressing my hair with his free hand as he kissed me, never letting go of my breast for a second.

Then I felt the most amazing sensation as Roman's right hand slid around my thigh. My body shivered with anticipation at his touch. The internal longing of my desire for them caused me to melt in their hands. I gently spread my knees, giving Roman the freedom to explore as he desire. 

There was a part of me that was afraid that my blatant opening of my legs to his touch would be thought of as crass or sexually crude. But at that moment, all I could think about was my desire to be completely exposed before them. I wanted to show them everything about me, my body, my desires, and my fantasies about being with them. The curtain of propriety was ripped open to their view.

As Roman's hand slid along the inside of my thigh and found my warmth, I reacted with a smile and groan. Neil gripped my neck as he kissed me again before moving to kiss my ear and neck. His tongue slid down the side of my neck and along my collar bone causing me to shiver. 

The sensation of two men gripping my breasts and massaging at different paces with different techniques was astounding. One was gentle and exploring as the other was playfully sliding a thumb across the tip of my nipple causing both of my nipples to become erect and engorged.

I massaged the back of Roman's torso as he was massaging my thigh and exploring the small tuft of hair along my pubic ridge. I gripped Neil's ass and could feel him flex his muscular legs, enjoying my hand. 

Roman shifted in his seat and began using both hands to playfully explore the folds of my labia. With his left hand, his fingers gripped my pubic ridge and spread my labia open to his view. With the other hand, he toyed with me, playfully watching me squirm as his fingers slid along my soft and sensitive wetness. One finger gently touched my clit, sending a shiver through my body and causing my hips to jerk reflexively.

Neil stood upright for a moment and I tilted my head to watch him. He was unbuckling his belt, awkwardly and with nervous anticipation. Shoving his pants down to his ankles, he stepped out of them easily. Neil never wore shoes in the house. It was something he said his mother never permitted. I was grateful to his mother for training him well so that he could undress more quickly.
