 Note: The following story was suggested by a Literotica reader.

*

Tia was working late in her graphics art office. When she was on a deadline she had to put in the extra hours. It wasn't something that was popular at her house but it was becoming more common place and was at least no longer a surprise. 

She had already called her husband James to let him know she wouldn't be home for dinner. He didn't mind calling for pizza but he always hated it when she wasn't around. He gave her a bad time about it over the phone and she promised to make it up to him somehow. 

Of course he expected sex and a method of repayment for her absence. Tia usually made a point of pleasing him extra well after they experienced a situation like this. It too was her favorite way to get back into his good graces.

She hung up the phone and got lost in her work. The time flew and soon it was just after ten o'clock. She hadn't noticed the time and was surprised when she heard the click of the lock in her office front door. 

She stopped what she was doing and put down the art tools she was working with. She had a quick second thought and picked up the razor blade knife again as her curiosity got the best of her. She went in search of the cause for the unexpected noise.

Tia walked softly and looked hard around the corner of her back room out into the lobby of her office. She took in a long deep breath and sighed it back out with relief when she recognized the janitors. Jeri and Gene is a husband and wife couple who do the janitorial services for the entire business complex which houses Tia's office. 

She watched them wheel their equipment carts in through the front door and waited for them to notice her. The offices were usually vacant by the time they started their work each night. Tia smiled knowing she would be a surprise.

"Oh shit!" Jeri said as she turned around and saw Tia standing there. "You scared the crap out of me sweet cheeks."

"I didn't know what to say to keep you from jumping out of your skin." Tia explained.

"No problem. I'll get over it. What are you still doing here this late?" Jeri asked a little perturbed that Tia was interfering with her plans.

"Just work, deadlines. You know." Tia said.

Tia always thought they made an odd couple and didn't have any idea what they had in common. Jeri was a short fat woman with huge tits that hung long on her chest and nearly rested against her round tummy. 

Gene was a tall thin man at least six foot four and probably didn't weight over one hundred fifty pounds. Tia didn't know it yet but she was about to find out why they were a couple.

"Damn." Gene said in a low voice but with the office as quiet as it was Tia could clearly hear him.

They wheeled in all of their equipment and began to dust everything. Jeri went to the bathroom and cleaned then filled the sink with hot soapy water and washed all of the coffee cups and other utensils that were kept for use during breaks and lunch.

Gene made short work of the dusting and gathered all of the trash from the waste baskets. He relined them with new plastic bags and carted all of the trash out to the dumpster. 

On his return he locked the front door again. Now they were all inside and he moved his equipment into the back room where Tia was working so it was not in view to anyone standing outside.

"Working late huh?" Gene said and walked right up next to Tia to stand beside her and watch what she did.

Gene's skinny thigh rubbed against Tia's hip as she sat on her stool concentrating on her delicate art work. He towered over her tiny Asian American frame even as it was elevated by the tall stool. This head and long face dangled over the front of his high shoulders as he watched.

"Yeah, I've got a deadline. I don't want to upset the client so I have to stay here until this is finished." Tia explained.

Jeri finished running the vacuum in the front lobby and wheeled it into the back room where Tia and Gene were.

"Did you draw these?" Jeri asked pointing to a few unframed pencil drawings of naked women that hung from one of the many bulletin boards in Tia's back room.

"No. Actually my partner drew them all." Tia confessed.

"Is this you?" Jeri said after she walked over to the drawings and put her finger on one of them.

"Yes. I modeled for that one." Tia admitted to the drawing of her dancing in her thong and high heels but nothing else. It was a drawing that her partner Nick drew as she danced in the strip club where they met. 

She reminisced for a moment on how much she enjoyed walking around for hours in nothing but a thong and high heels as she socialized with all of the pretty women and horny men at the club. She was brought back to reality by Jeri's voice.

"Nice tits!" Jeri said out loud and turned to walk over and stand on next to Tia on the side opposite where her husband stood. "How long are you going to be here?"

"I don't know, I guess about an hour or two yet." Tia said feeling guilty as if she was disrupting their schedule.

"I just wondered because we like your office when we have lunch. We don't eat lunch at noon like most people. We eat later and thought this place would be empty." Jeri explained.

Tia immediately felt intimidated and out of place in her own office. She felt like she blushed when she looked into Jeri's eyes. There was the look of certainty and control in those eyes. Tia almost never had that look in her own eyes. She couldn't hold her gaze on Jeri and turned her head to look at Gene.

He smiled a wicked smile back at her. Tia felt very awkward for that moment and pondered the thought of leaving only to make them happy. She thought about getting off her stool for only a moment then decided to stand her ground. After all it was her office and it was time to assert herself.

"You see, we like this work table." Jeri said to Tia but didn't wait for any comment from her. "Let's just get on with it." Jeri said to Gene. They exchanged a brief glance and put their plan into motion.

Tia didn't have any idea what they were talking about. She half expected them to break out a picnic basket and put a checkered table cloth out for their lunch. The image in her mind was clear enough to draw on paper. She couldn't draw it any better than she had it pictured in her mind.

Gene left Tia's side and went over to the cart that held their equipment. Jeri put her arm around Tia's shoulders and slipped just a little behind her then surprised Tia when she reached around with her hand and grasped the small but nice breast on Tia's chest right through her clothing. 

Tia gasped and looked back at Jeri once again. The returned look of lust and control was unmistakable. Jeri was the predator and Tia was prey. She held little Tia in place with one arm around her shoulders and chest and another hand on the back of her elbow.

Gene returned with a few long white towels or rags. They were all two to three feet long and had strings of fabric fraying from every side. The material was soft at first as Tia felt it surround and began to cut into her skin when it tighten at her wrists and ankles. 

The two janitors used the rags to bind her arms together behind her at the elbows and her legs to the stool where she sat. Tia wasn't going anywhere.

Jeri pulled her shirt over her head revealing that she had no bra to bind her massive breasts. She slipped her thumbs into the waistband of her pants and slipped them down and off of her legs. Jeri had no underwear on at all. Gene helped her and her fat breasts and rolls of tummy fat up on the work table right next to where Tia was working. 

She placed her sneaker covered feet on the edge of the table and lay back with her knees held wide. Her hairy dark pussy lay between her large white thighs surrounded by excess flesh.

Gene slipped out of his dark green jumpsuit and he was wearing underwear. He stripped off his white cotton briefs and his cock sprang out and dangled in the air in front of his skeleton thin body. He moved up to the edge of the table right next to where Tia was tied and slipped his long thin cock into his wife's fat flesh apparently finding her pussy. 

She held onto the bottom of the rolls of tummy fat as he began to fuck her. Jeri closed her eyes and Tia opened hers wide as she watched the janitors couple on her work surface. Tia felt she should say something but she truly could not find the words.

Tia expected to feel herself getting wet. She always had become aroused when she watched people fucking. This time Jeri's fat body repulsed her more than excited her. 

Gene's long skinny body did nothing for her either. Even his ass was way to skinny to interest her and that was unusual because the part of most men that Tia liked best besides their cock was their butt. She is a connoisseur of men's butts. As she watched them fuck she remained unimpressed and dry between her lower lips.

"Oh yeah baby." Jeri yelled out as Gene slammed in and out of her with a regular thrust of his narrow hips. She lifted first one then the other large breast to her mouth and licked and sucked on her own nipples. Her fingers pressed into the massive breast tissue and the large pink areola on Jeri's tits became hard and dark as she got more aroused.

Gene didn't say or do much of anything special as far as Tia could see. She watched Jeri yell and go on and on about how she loved what he was doing. In Tia's imagination there could be noting more vanilla in sex than what Gene was doing to his wife. She concluded that Jeri must have lowered her standards over the years in order to make this simple fuck like this enjoyable.

As Gene moved his hips and let his cock please his noisy plump wife he moved his hand down and began to rub his boney fingers on Tia's thigh.

"Stop that!" Tia said firmly.

Gene paid no attention to her words. He moved his hand along the inside of her soft thigh. He must have become aroused by the touch of the young Asian skin. Tia watched him thrust into his wife even faster. His long boney fingers slipped past Tia's black thong under her skirt and when he touched the entrance to her womanhood he began to spurt his sperm into his wife's womb. 

Tia watched him stop moving his hips and hold his buried cock still. She heard nothing from him but assumed he must be coming as his face was red and he had closed his eyes. Even his fingers in Tia's pussy stopped moving for a few moments.

Gene pulled his cock out of his wife and turned toward Tia. He switched hands. The hand what was insider her pussy moved up to slip across her breasts and held one of them through her clothing. A fresh set of fingers began to penetrate her pussy under her skirt. This time he was not distracted and concentrated on her.

"No! Don't" Tia resisted and squirmed on the stool as much as she could but she wasn't going anywhere.

Gene's mouth stayed closed and he made no noise as his long skinny fingers penetrated Tia's intimate place and ravaged her blouse and everything underneath it. Jeri was still making noises and licking on her big tits as she relaxed from being fucked by her husband.

Gene slipped across the buttons of Tia's blouse and it opened as each button was released. The bra she wore which matched her thong was easy for him to get around. He pushed it up out of the way but left it fastened around her chest and took hold of Tia's nipple. The pinch he used on her hurt immediately. 

Tia yelled out in pain and asked him to stop but Gene ignored her voice once again. His arms appeared to be all bone but the strength of his pinch on her nipple made Tia believe that he has muscles hidden somewhere and was stronger than he looked. 

The fingers in her pussy were relentless. They moved in a small circle around and around the walls of her vagina. Tia tried and tried to move back away from them but her knees pressed against the hard wood of the stool and kept her from going anywhere else. 

Her tethered ankles prevented any movement of her legs. She tried to kick or slide out from under his grasp but she couldn't. The rag that tied her arms at the elbows behind her began to hurt as she struggled against the assault on her pussy and tits.

"Please stop." Tia begged. She whimpered and let out small sobbing cries while the fingers continued to circle the walls of her pink flesh. It wasn't long before Jeri sat up and while she continued to play with her own nipples she began soft encouragement to her husband.

"That's it baby. Give it to her." Jeri commented. "See what this little chink can do for you."

"I'm Vietnamese!" Tia said firmly and glared at Jeri for making a racial remark.

"Alright Cong Cunt." Jeri said and smiled a wicked smile as she pulled her big breast up high and licked it with all of her tongue.

"Fuck you bitch!" Tia spat back at Jeri almost ignoring the fingers inside her. 

Gene brought Tia's attention back to what was happening when he moved over to her other breast and trapped the nipple which had become involuntarily hard in between his thumb and forefinger. The pinch was intense and Tia closed her eyes and nearly fell off of the stool as she fell to the side in pain.

"Shit!" Tia said.

Gene kept her from falling by grasping the center of her bra with his hand. It was good that he had to let go of her tit to keep her from falling. Tia felt relief for a moment but the bra started to cut into her ribs at her sides as Gene pulled hard to keep her upright.

Jeri moved one hand down to her pussy and began to toy with the slimy sperm that dripped out of her.

"Move her over here." Jeri commanded. Gene obliged. He slipped his fingers out of Tia's pussy and stood behind her.

Gene pushed the stool over in front of his wife and Jeri lay back again on the table. She opened her legs and Gene pushed on the back of Tia's head forcing her face in between the fat thighs to the sperm slick pussy Jeri wanted licked. 

Tia leaned forward as far as she could and opened her mouth as the smelly pussy of the fat janitor came closer to her nose.

Tia's tongue slipped out of her mouth and she didn't know why. She tasted the slimy cum and brought her tongue back into her mouth. The salty strong taste of the cum made a big difference in her attitude. She didn't exactly like it and the smell of Jeri's nasty cunt nearly made her gag. 

Tia savored the cum and closed her eyes when Gene pressed her head forward again. She held her breath and licked once more. This time she felt only the fat outer lips of Jeri's pussy. She knew that if she was going to lick this woman properly she would have to go deeper.

"Come on!" Jeri said impatiently.

Gene pressed Tia's face deep into the fleshy crevice between Jeri's thighs. Tia extended her tongue and tried not to breath. She felt the tip of Jeri's clit just brush against the side of her tongue and redirected it to give Jeri a thrill. When Tia hit the right spot Jeri cried out.

"Yeah!" Jeri said.

Gene pushed harder and Tia licked faster and better hoping she could be released to take a breath soon. The taste of Gene's sperm began to get better. Tia licked for all she was worth and soon even the wet cum from Jeri mixed with Gene's sperm tasted good enough to swallow. 

"Fuck!" Jeri yelled.

Gene let Tia's head go and Tia moved back to take a deep breath. She breathed once very hard and several times quickly then pushed her own face back into the sloppy snatch in front of her. Gene didn't need to force her this time. He smiled.

Tia was licking and making sure that Jeri's clit was pleased with her performance. Gene slipped his hand down the back of Tia's blouse and unfastened her bra behind her back. He reached around and pulled it forward and it slipped out in front of Tia as she bent forward but was the bra was still locked on her arms by the rag which bound her elbows.

Gene didn't care and from behind her he began to caress Tia's nice but small breasts in his hands. He kneed them like bread dough and Tia's nipples responded by growing as hard as they have ever been for him. She licked the cum out of Jeri's pussy now intent on getting all of it before she was through.

Gene slipped one hand down in front of Tia and between her legs. He pushed her skirt up and bunched it in her crotch. The wad of material made it nearly impossible for him to get to his goal. He reached down and untied both of her ankles and slipped the stool out from under her.

Tia stood now on the floor bent at the waist with her face deep between the large white thighs of her lady janitor. She licked up the entire length of Jeri's fat pussy lips and played at the top of it with her tongue on the tiny clit buried in the folds of tummy fat.

He quickly used the rags from her ankles to wrap around her wrists. Gene untied her elbows and held both of her arms over her head. He tied the rags binding her wrists together and left a tail of rag to control her. 

Gene handed the controlling end of the rag to Jeri who pulled it forward and Tia was again captured and controlled by the fat janitor lady and remained at her mercy as she licked.

"Fuck yes bitch. Lick it!" Jeri said as she pulled on the rag and Tia's wrists and arms moved over the rolls of tummy flesh and between Jeri's tits. Jeri moved Tia's wrists over one of her breasts and relaxed it just enough for Tia to take hold of the massive tit with her tiny hands. 

Tia pinched hard but no damage could be done as Jeri's breast flesh gave way easily to Tia's small fingers absorbing all the pressure they could dish out.

Gene pushed Tia's skirt up from the bottom hem to bunch it around her waist and used his boney thumb and fingers to slip the black thong down off of her hips. He moved along her soft thighs and let the thong come to rest around Tia's knees. 

It felt to Tia like she was tied at the knees and wrists. Gene slipped his hand up along the inside of her soft Asian thighs and let his fingers come to rest at the bottom of the black mat of pubic hair that surrounded Tia's sweet spot.

He slipped two fingers into her and Tia paused to object.

"No!" She said and returned to licking Jeri's pussy.

Gene smiled and moved his face down as he knelt behind Tia. He smelled with a strong inhaling breath her ass and pussy. She hadn't showered since early that morning and the body fluids he could smell excited him. 

His fingers circled around the walls of her vagina and Tia involuntarily became wet enough to accept his cock even if she had told him no. 

Gene drooled saliva on the rosebud of Tia's ass and watched it slip along her pretty skin. He pulled his fingers out of her pussy and turned his hand so his thumb could move the spit around and into Tia's ass. His gentle finger movement lasted only a few moments then he slipped his thumb deep into her ass burring it in her body and smiled as she reacted.

"Fuck no! Don't!" Tia protested and stopped licking Jeri's pussy. 

Jeri pulled on the rag that bound Tia's arms and stretched Tia's torso over her naked body. Tia had to move up onto her tip toes just to keep standing. Gene stood up and kept his thumb in her ass. His cock and her pussy were both ready. It was time and they all knew it.

"No!" Tia yelled and struggled as Gene held his cock at the entrance to her pussy.

Jeri let go of the rag and grabbed Tia by the arms pulling on her. Tia moved forward and closer to the work table. Her head was out of Jeri's groin and her torso was now leaning over the fat woman held in her grasp.

"No please." Tia whimpered

Gene and his cock showed no mercy and plunged into Tia's tender sex as his thumb jerked in and out of her ass. They moved in a broken unpleasant rhythm. Tia felt disjointed and confused by the assault. 

"Stop!" She cried.

"Keep fucking her baby." Jeri said and used one hand to hold Tia and her other hand to press on the back of her head. Tia's face fell forward and softly landed in the massive flesh of Jeri's breast. "Suck on it bitch!"
