 Tick. Tock. Tick. Tock. 

The clock ticks loudly in the quiet room, reminding me of how achingly slow the seconds are passing. I am not even counting the hours or the minutes anymore, just the seconds. The seconds until my lunch break starts. Fifteen minutes to get home, fifteen minutes to get back, ten minutes to eat and shower after a round of midday sex...twenty minutes left. Twenty minutes to have the hard, hot, sweaty sex I've been thinking about all week. My leg starts bouncing up and down under the table and I realize I am sucking on the end of my pen unconsciously. 

A week doesn't seem like that long in theory, but after sharing a bed every night for the past six months it has felt like an eternity. We've kept our phones busy with sexy photos and dirty talk, but that's made the absence both sweeter and sharper. Thinking about the photos on my phone, tucked away in my bag so I wouldn't be tempted to flip through them at my desk, I feel a flush creep up my neck. 

Tick. 

A flash of the shot of you in a suit runs across my mind, that devilishly confident smirk painted broadly across your face because you know how much I like it when you dress up.

Tock. 

The photo of your ass, its naked perfection reflected in the steamy hotel bathroom mirror, because you know how much I like it when you dress down.

Tick. 

Blurry body shapes in a steamy shower; the door partially cracked so I can see you thrusting into the hot, naked woman bent over in front of you. Because you know how much I like watching you fuck. 

Tock. 

My watch buzzes against my wrist as the alarm goes off. Fucking finally. I close my laptop with one hand and grab my bag with the other, and I'm up from my desk and out the door in record time. I wave to Becca on my way around her desk and she just grins up at me. Her beautiful, full lips are covered with that strawberry lip gloss she knows drives me wild. Our relationship has gotten so much better since we've started working late together. 

My brain replays the memory of the first time, when Becca walked into my office after hours and caught me masturbating to a video clip on my phone. She licked those amazing lips and closed the door, and I came right there looking into her stunning brown eyes. Then it was a flurry of heels being kicked off and skirts being shoved up and the taste of her lip gloss on my lips from kissing her mouth, then the taste of the rest of her body as I devoured every inch of it. 

I trip on my own feet and hear Becca giggle quietly. Grinning, I shrug my shoulders and throw her a wink before pushing open the door and getting the hell out of there. 

Fifteen minutes. Fifteen minutes to walk home. My damp panties and the sensation of my thighs rubbing against each other under my skirt as I move quickly through the familiar city streets make it the longest fifteen minutes of my life. Feeling skin slide against skin has me thinking about what else I want to feel slide between my legs. 

Pulling my phone from my bag, I see a message from you. Opening the text, the only thing you've sent is the kiss-blowing emoji. A little disappointed as I'd been hoping for a photo or at least words like, "I'm naked and in bed waiting for you," I put in an earbud and scroll up to the voice recordings from earlier in the week. I listen to the sound of your voice telling the woman from the shower that your girlfriend is in another country and wants to hear her cum. I listen to you tell her everything you're going to do to her, how you're going to make her scream your name, and how it's a shame I couldn't be there because as good as you are at eating pussy, I am even better. I listen to her giggle, then start breathing more heavily, then moan and curse through the first orgasm. My nipples are hard against the sheer, lacy bra I wore today and I have no doubt my own breathing is heavy from more than just the walk. As I slide my keys into the door, she has increased from moaning to screaming your name as promised while a second orgasm builds stronger and harder. 

I toss the earbud, my purse, and my keys on the table by the door and slam it shut. My shoes, then shirt, then bra are left scattered down the hallway as I call out, "Hey babe, are you home? I only have twenty minutes and I want you inside me for as many of them as possible." The bedroom door is closed and I can hear someone moving around behind it. Unzipping my skirt as I turn the doorknob, I push it open. Standing in just my panties and thigh-highs as the unwanted article of clothing falls to the floor, my breath catches at what I see. 

Your naked body is always enough to make me stop breathing for a second, but seeing you on your knees, your glorious, tousled bed head bobbing back and forth on the cock of what I can only imagine is an actual Greek god based on his tanned, muscular body and the glorious dark curls running down his back...that absolutely takes my breath away. His hand is knotted in your hair and he's looking down at you so intently he doesn't even notice me in the doorway. I grin. You were always good with your mouth before, but you seem to be using a few things I taught you and I'm so proud. 

He may not have noticed me come in, but you did and I can see your mouth twitch in a smile even while giving a blowjob. You pull those beautiful lips of yours off his cock and he lets go of your hair. Pushing him back gently onto the bed, you blow him a kiss. 

Then you are up and on me in seconds, hands grabbing my ass and pulling me into you as my arms twine tightly around your neck. Our mouths lock in a hard kiss, and you step us backwards into the room, pulling me with you. As we get closer to the bed you break the kiss and say, "Madison, meet Cole. Cole, Madison." Cole waves shyly as my eyes travel up and down his body. "The pleasure will be, well, all of ours," you continue. "Madison darling, why don't you bend over and show him what a real master can do with their mouth while I get my cock inside you as fast as possible?" Slipping my panties aside so you can run a finger along my already dripping slit you say, "After all, you only have nineteen minutes left and I need to be inside you for as many of them as possible." 

With a quick kiss on your nose, I spin around and kneel on the end of the bed, wrapping one hand around Cole's thick cock before engulfing the head in my red lips. As I slide my mouth all the way to his base, I feel you thrust into me with one quick, hard stroke. Cole and I both shudder and he props himself on his elbows so he can watch us at the same time. Normally my blowjobs have more finesse, but I think we're all past the point of foreplay. With your cock pounding into me, I slide my mouth up and down Cole's shaft at the same pace, burying his head deep in my throat before backing off. He's looking up at you with open desire and running his hands through my hair at the same time. Moaning at the lust in his face, I reach up to play with his balls and his head drops back to the bed, a loud cry coming out of his mouth. 

As Cole starts thrusting his hips up into my mouth, you slap my ass. "Good girl," you say between strokes, "Now make him cum for me." Your command makes me moan and I suck harder, tongue swirling around his cock before plunging back down. He thrusts hard and cries out as his cock slides deep into my throat. My eyes start to water but I keep him there, keep him completely filling my mouth and throat as I suck and roll my tongue against him. 

"Oh fuck," Cole starts to mutter, "Oh fuck oh fuck oh fuck. I'm going to cum so soon...I'm going to...I'm..." I can feel Cole's whole body tense and his cock start to throb. 

You choose this moment to reach forward and start rubbing my clit while you bury your cock inside me. I cry out hard, the sound muffled, and Cole's hips buck up hard into my face. He pulls back and slides out of my mouth. I taste the first drops of his cum as my own orgasm rolls in. Cole grabs his cock and strokes, sending rope after rope of his semen across my face and down my chest. I hardly even notice. I'm now gripping the bed, barely holding myself up as I cry out incoherently. The orgasm I've been thinking of for days, the feeling of your cock filling me so completely, the stranger in our bed who has covered me in his cum...it has all built up into a full, body shaking, toe-curling orgasm. As my pussy grips hard on your cock, you grunt and bury yourself deep, rocking back and forth with me until I'm done. How you didn't cum I'll never know. 

Cole is lying on the bed, watching me scream in ecstasy while the marks of his orgasm run down my cheek. Reaching up, he pinches my nipple and I cry out even louder. Cole sits up and kisses me, the taste of his cum filling my mouth as his tongue dances against mine. My thighs are shaking as the orgasm subsides, and your touch against my clit becomes gentle. Pulling out, I whimper and break the kiss with Cole to look back at you. 

Glancing at the clock on the wall, you move to the bed next to me and the three of us kiss in that sloppy but sexy way that happens with multiple people kissing at once. Cole reaches over to stroke your cock, and you roll back on the bed. 

Stretching up to grab your phone from the nightstand, you say, "Hey baby, why don't you call work and say you can't come back in? I want you to sit on my face so I can eat that delicious pussy again, and I want Cole to suck my cock while I do it. Then if you're not too tired, a few more friends were thinking about coming over to party. You might recognize one of them from the shower in my hotel; she's a coworker who was on the trip with me and happened to be coming back here to the home office for a few days after. Turns out she's very interested in meeting you." 

I grin and move up to kiss you, taking the phone with one hand and caressing your face with the other. "Gods I love you," I say before straddling your face. Your tongue starts a slow, lazy back and forth across my slit as I dial work. "Hey, Becca? This is Madison," you bury your tongue in me as I watch Cole engulf your cock and I bite my lip to keep from moaning. A small gasp escapes my lips though, and I hear Becca chuckle on the other end of the line. 

"Don't worry girl," she purrs at me, "I already let everyone know you have a family emergency and won't be back in the office today. Is there anything I can do for you in this trying time?" 

The snark in her voice lets me know she's playing with me and I can practically see her smirk. "Yeah," I say, breathy and low as I think about how promising the rest of the night is looking, "You can get that gorgeous ass over here as soon as you're done and sit on my face until you scream." 

A small whimper escapes comes across the line and you respond, "Yes ma'am, I'll see what I can do."

You start sucking on my clit and I cry out. "Great," I say between moans, "I can't wait to have you naked again. Mmm, fuck, yes, right there...FUCK...See you soon!" and chuck the phone across the room.