 Shelley had just returned home from a long day at the office. Pointless meetings filled up her day and she was contemplating grabbing a slice of vanilla sponge cream cake and just zoning out whilst watching reruns of Sex and the city. 

However, summer was coming up and she was working hard on her summer bikini body. She just recently turned thirty but still had the body of a twenty year old although it did take a bit more effort than before - she smiled to herself. 

"Man up Shelley -you can have some cream cake as reward post workout" she mouthed to herself and marched to her closet. 

Shelley tied her shoulder length blonde hair into a high pony. She slipped into her yoga pants, sports bra en threw on a loose Nike t-shirt. She took a quick glance in the mirror. 

"Ass for days" she said to herself. She loved how her yoga pants accentuate her curves and admitted she loved the glances she was getting from the other gym-goers whenever she would bend over or work the treadmill. 

It was pretty late when Shelley arrived at the gym. Most of the crowd was starting to dwindle out. Luckily the gym was open 24 hours and Shelley loved that she had the freedom to hit the gym whenever the urge took her. 

Shelley decided to do the circuit and started on the treadmill. As she was building up speed she had the feeling as if someone was staring at her when a voice behind her suddenly said "fit little thing like you doesn't really need to jog that fast". 

Shelley was used to lame pick up lines and being checked out by the crowd. It's not like she didn't sneak a peak at some of the guys bums every now and again. That was part of the motivation of going to gym for her. Always fun to ogle some of the sweaty muscled men!

"Why - you scared you can't keep up" she snapped back. Shelley turned around and stared into a mountain of a man. 

She reckoned he was about five years younger than her. She could immediately tell he spent way too much time picking up weights at the gym...and girls! 

"Baby - I've got enough stamina to keep going all night long" the mountain replied whilst checking out Shelley ass. 

"I normally keep going for a full weekend" she shot back and gave him a naughty smile. 

Fran was getting a kick checking out this perky blonde. He was used to getting his way with woman but it was not often they mouthed-off so much to him. He had always been smooth when it came to chatting up the fairer sex. Having a big frame and filling it out with as much bulk as possible also helped - he was sure all woman had a thing for macho men. 

"Girl - I am more than man enough to handle you. How about we go for a coffee post workout?"

Shelley looked Fran up and down. She wasn't all that in to gym freaks but he had a boyish charm that she found appealing. 

"How about you go bench something and you let me finish working out". 

She suddenly had a mental flash of Fran picking her up in his strong arms in the gym shower and plowing his cock into her!

Shelley could feel her nipples were staring to stiffen and press into her sport bra - her little knobs would have been clearly visible was it not for her loose t-shirt. 

"If you impress me enough - you might be pumping more than just iron tonight" she joked. Shelley was herself a little surprised at how corny and bold her last taunt was.

Fran got a big smile on his face: "challenge accepted" and he went straight over to the bench press. 

Shelley could feel a little moistness starting to build in her crotch. She had been feeling particularly horny the last while. Nevertheless she spun around and headed over to the next machine on the circuit. She had another mental flash of Fran bending her over in the locker room and entering her from behind. 

The mental images were really starting to get her aroused. "Slow down babe" - she thought to herself. But she was sneaking a peak of Fran every now and again. His bulging muscles were starting to form a layer of sweat and she had to admit he was putting on quite a show to keep her attention and it was a show she liked. 

Shelley was making her way through the circuit and started doing squats. "Son of a bitch" she exclaimed! She had a huge cramp in her calf and quickly fell to the floor to try and stretch it out. 

"Let me help you rub it out" a voice above her said. 

Shelley didn't usually let strange men rub her but she was cramping badly and the good samaritan was very soft on the eyes. 

"Please do" she said as her calf tightened again. The stranger immediately went to work. He definitely knew what he was doing. The cramp quickly started to loosen. 

"I am Dan by the way" the stranger said. "Shelley" she replied while sizing up her medic. 

Dan was around the same age as she was. He was not nearly as beefed up as Fran and had a more athletic build like a tennis player. She had seen him before instructing some cycling and aerobic classes. 

Dan was enjoying massaging Shelley. Whilst lying on her back, her shirt had lifted a little and exposed her belly button. He admired her flat stomach. He was sure he spotted a little bit of a wet patch between her legs. Dan was sure it was not sweat and credited it to his magic hands! 

"Lie on your stomach" he instructed. Shelley did as she was told with no objection. He continued to massage her calf, the cramp long gone. Again her shirt lifted and exposed the small of her back. Dan always rated this as one of the sexiest part of the female anatomy.

Shelley too was enjoying this little rub down. She now had a mental flash of Dan taking her in the gym locker. She secretly wanted him to let his hand move way down her leg. All these daydreams and the warm touch of a stranger had really got her blood flowing. 

"That should about do it but if you lie down on the sofa in the trainers locker I could massage it some more to be sure we got it all out" Dan said. 

"Hey Fran - throw me the key to the trainers locker, I want to make sure this pretty lady is ok before we let her go". 

"What the hell are you doing with my woman?" Fran asked jokingly. 

"Your woman?" Dan asked with a puzzled look on his face.

The three started making their way over to the trainers locker room. 

"Yeah this lass said if I could squat 100kg she would squat over me" Fran said with a smug look on his face. 

Shelley could feel both Fran and Dan's eyes focusing on her. She was really feeling horny. Some uncandid flirting and a stranger rubbing her leg had really made her horny. 

Once inside the trainers locker room Dan locked the door. 

"Please lie in the couch" Dan instructed. Shelley was not sure where this was heading but she was feeling hot and horny and resolved to just go with the flow. Besides, she had promised Fran a little something for all his work-out effort and she was a lady that kept her word after all she smiled. 

Shelley lied flat on her back. Dan started rubbing her calf again.

"Might be prudent to massage both legs" Fran chirped in and grabbed Shelley's other leg. 

So there Shelley was lying with her legs in the air getting massaged by two strangers. She closed her eyes and savoured the touch of four masculine hands on her. 

Both men's hands were starting to move higher up her legs. Slowly massaging and creeper higher, closer to her womanhood. Shelley started to yearn for one of their hands to touch her most intimate area. She could feel she was getting really moist. 

Dan's hands finally made their way to her crotch. He pressed down hard on her vagina. The palm of his hand firm on her cunt - massaging it in rhythmic circles. She could feel the fabric of her g-string slipping into her wet pussy and she loved it. The feeling was intense but she wanted more. She didn't even notice Fran had stop massaging her and had made his way to her face. 

She tipped her head back and spread her legs wide open. Dan started to finger fuck her, stuffing her panty and yoga pants as deep as he could into her clothed cunt. She was lost in this moment of lust. 

She was jolted back to reality when Fran's voice suddenly thundered above her: "suck my cock baby". 

She opened her eyes and was staring straight at Fran's erect cock. He was standing naked in front of her - he was a chiseled giant. His cock looked small in proportion to the rest of him but it was still a solid seven inches. Pre-cum was dripping from the head and Shelley noticed how smoothly shaven his entire crotch was. 

Fran cupped the back of her head with his giant hand and guided Shelley's mouth onto his eager cock. The salty taste of cum and sweat filled her mouth. Shelley got to work immediately bopping her head up and down letting his cock slide deeper and deeper into her mouth and throat with each downward tease. She was overcome with lust and wanted nothing more at that moment than to have Fran release into her mouth. 

Not for the first time that evening Fran was surprised by Shelley. He was taken a back with how cocky she reacted to his flirting but never would he have expected this babe would be giving him some of the best head he had ever received while his best friend was getting to work on her pussy. 

Seeing Shelley devour Fran's prick gave Dan all the encouragement he needed to start undressing her. He took of her shoes and jerked off her yoga pants. He took a second to appreciate her silky black thong and how it barely managed to cover her pussy lips. Even on the black gusset he could tell how wet she was!

He stepped in between her legs hooked the side strings of her thong and slowly pulled her thong down. Shelley lifted her ass as if in auto pilot still feverishly sucking Fran off as he was groaning approvingly. 

Dan lingered above her pussy. Shelley had a neatly trimmed landing strip - Dan never was a fan of a clean shaven area - he wanted to see he was enjoying a woman and not a girl. He took a deep sniff enjoying her aroma then slowly pulled her lips apart. He gently started licking her open slit rhythmically from the bottom to the top savouring the taste. 

Shelley reacted immediately to Dan's attentions. 

"O shit yeah" she moaned whilst pulling Dan face closer to her wet wide cunt. She could feel an orgasm building up with each expert lick and flick of her clit. She grabbed a handful of Dan's hair and pushed his face deeper into her. She knew it wasn't lady like but wanted to cover his whole face with her juice. 

Fran lifted Shelley into a sitting position and stripped off her shirt en bra. Her tits fell free from their confines and Fran was quick to pounce on them. Fran had never been a gentle lover and went to pawing, kissing and sucking on her tits.

Shelley had always been adventurous when it came to sex but never had she dreamed of a MFM threesome. She was being ravished by two alpha males and was enjoying every second if it. 

"I need some cock" Shelley moaned.

"Your wish is my command" Dan said as he stood up from between her legs. He had taken great care not to drive Shelley over the tipping point and just continued to build up her orgasm with his tongue technique. 

Dan dropped his pants and revealed his package. He walked towards Fran. 

"Give our lady a hand, but not too much" Dan instructed Fran. Shelley got the idea this was not the first time the boys had played together. 

Dan had the biggest cock Shelley had ever seen in person. She wrapped one hand around his shaft and started doing her best porno blowjob. She worked her hand up and down his shaft and used plenty of spit in order to get going. 

"Fuck me Fran, she really knows how to suck a dick" Dan said as he looked into her big blue eyes. 

Fran smiled "I am sure that's not all she is good at" as he slowly inserted two fingers in Shelley's wet cunt. 

Shelley let out a load moan as Fran started working his fingers in and out of her. Fran took care to rub both fingers over her g-spot each time he entered. 

Shelley tried her best to take as much of Dan's cock in her mouth as possible but realised she wouldn't be able to fit all of him down her throat. 

She finally came up for air. Looking Dan straight in the eye "I want you to fuck me" she said. 

Dan smiled "I think we have teased you long enough - you deserve a proper fucking now!"

Dan helped Shelley onto all fours and made his way behind her. Fran was eager to have his cock back in her mouth and hastily made his way back to Shelley's face. 

Shelley looked up at Fran "told you I am too much woman for you to handle" as she gave him a wink. Shelley pulled him closer. She started sucking him off again as she dug her nails deep into his sculpted ass. 

The room filled up with the scent of sweat and sex. The air-conditioning was cool against Shelley skin but she was totally flushed from being mauled by these two studs. She had never experienced the pleasure that two cocks held before but it was something she was sure she wanted to enjoy again. 

Dan pressed the tip of his cock against her wet hole and slid in with the greatest of ease. Shelley gave a load moan as she felt his cock plowing deep into her! Dan thumped into her with vigour. 

He slapped her ass "you love getting fucked by two dicks don't you" as he continued building up speed. 

"Yes I am a little slut - fuck me harder" Shelley replied. Neither one of the three could hold it in any longer. 

Dan continued pumping Shelley from behind holding on to her ass for dear life. Shelley was swinging to and fro from the force pressing back against Dan's action. Fran scooped Shelley's head with both hands and pumped his cock into her eager mouth. 

Fran was the first to break - he shot a rope of cum down her throat. Shelley's saliva had totally covered his cock and the sensation of Shelley's warm mouth and the sight of sharing this babe with his mate made the climax all the better. 

It was the most powerful climax Shelley had ever experienced. She remembered the taste of cum as Fran creamed in her mouth but the rest was lost in a haze. She went really vocal forgetting all about any other gym goers! Her pussy contracted around Dan's dick - it was the deepest she had ever been penetrated. 

Dan saw Fran cumming and felt Shelley pussy clenching and at that point lost all control shooting spurt after spurt of hot jizz into Shelley's wet welcoming pussy. 

The three collapsed onto a tired heap. A mix of Shelley's and Dan's cum oozed down her leg. The three took a couple of minutes to regain their breaths and composure. 

Fran was the first to start moving. He started pawing at Shelley's tits again as he played with his cock to get hard. Shelley now lying on her back was amazed at how quickly he was good to go again. She was still game for another round as Dan started making out with her. 

Fran entered Shelley's already filled cunt easily. This was the greatest form of lubrication Fran thought to himself as he started screwing her. Shelley started moaning again - the idea of being filled with the seed of two strangers was driving her wild. 

Shelley sucked Dan off while Fran pumped into her squelching pussy.

"Cum in me you you bastard" Shelley taunted Fran, as she could see he was about to explode. Her own orgasm starting to build again. 

Fran continued pounding like a man possessed. Shelley was overwhelmed by lust and moaned at the top of her voice as Dan took aim at her face while jacking off. 

The timing could not have been scripted better - Fran released his load as Shelley started quivering from her orgasm continuing to get more and more vocal. Dan let loose with a huge blob of cum all over Shelley's face - getting the majority on her cheek. 

Shelley sucked Dan clean and rubbed the cum off her cheek and onto her breast then just lied there completely exhausted.

Fran took a step back and admired her gaping hole and was amazed at the amount of cum dripping from their evening's roast!

The three got dressed and the guys helped Shelley out the back - she didn't care for the stairs of some gym goers as she was sure only a deaf person didn't hear her cum. 

As she was driving home she was glad she skipped Sex and the city and didn't feel like cream cake anymore she had already gotten all the filling she needed and wonder when her next "personalised" training session could be.