 This story contains explicit sexual content. If you are under the age of18 or offended by such content, do not continue. This is a work of fiction and is intended for entertainment purposes only. Never engage in sexual activity without the consent of all persons to be involved. Also, engaging in risky or unprotected sexual activities poses a significant health risk to all parties involved. Always practice safe sex.

*

Kara knew Rich was up to something. He had that wicked smile on his face again. The one he saved for special activities. She just wasn't sure what he had in store. She knew it wouldn't be anything dangerous. She just wished he would give her some clue. 

Now here he was leading her to their bedroom. He still hadn't given her so much as a clue as to what was in store for her. Once there, he turned and kissed her passionately, and she reciprocated. She closed her eyes and let herself melt into his arms. 

"Do you trust me," he whispered into her ear, rubbing her back as he did so. What a silly question she thought to herself. After all these years together, he must have something really wild planned if he was asking that. Not that her answer was going to change.

"Explicitly, honey. You should know I do." Almost as soon as the answer was out, he broke their embrace. She felt his hands at her waist, pulling her shirt out of her jeans. It was quickly over her head and off. Then he reached behind her and undid the clasp of her bra. He kissed her neck at the same time. Her jeans were next, followed by her sox. In the space of a few short minutes, she had been stripped of all clothing save her panties. She waited in anticipation.

He then picked up a mask and placed over her eyes. She could see little peeks of light around the edges, but nothing more. It was rare that he did this. It was usually when he had purchased a special toy. Something he wanted her to experience before she saw it. Of course, there was the time that he had put it on her had been very different. She had been sucking him. She had been surprised and unsure when she had felt a second cock enter her from behind. She was surprised when it was removed and she saw that she was indeed sucking her husband's cock. She had been dumbfounded when she turned and saw it was her brother's cock in her ass.

She was jerked back to the present when she felt something firm but soft being pressed to her lips. This was different. Instinctively she opened her mouth. He slipped the gag in and tied it firmly behind her head. It was firm but didn't hurt. Now she was really curious. What the hell did he have in store?

He gently but firmly guided her on to the bed. He laid her on her back, kissing her neck as he did so. She then felt him lift her hands over her head and put the leather cuffs on her wrists. He then spread her legs and in turn secured each one to the bed. She waited in anticipation. She knew she was at his mercy, her legs spread wide. 

He came over and removed the bind fold. He was just starting to get undressed. He pulled off his shirt, letting her see his broad chest. He had just finished slipping off his sox and shoes. Her anticipation was building quickly. She could already feel her pussy getting moist. Just as he was unfastening his belt when the door bell rang.

She glared at him, her eyes commanding him not to go. But he just headed out of the room. Damn she thought to herself. Of all times for someone to drop buy. Here she was, tied to the wall, her pussy was damp with anticipation, and he's got to see who's at the door. She heard voices coming from the front of the house. Though she couldn't really understand what was being said, she thought she heard her name mentioned. A sudden realization dawned on her. What if who ever it was at the door was looking for her?

Suddenly she heard two sets of soft footsteps coming down the hall. She wondered why they were so soft. Surely Rich's would be. His shoes were here in the bedroom. But why were the other persons? Her mind was racing. Surely he wasn't going to bring them in here. No, he wouldn't, he couldn't.

But he did. He walked into the bedroom followed by another woman. Her eyes went wide in shock. How could he bring someone in here? Here she was, almost totally naked. She would be humiliated. Her disbelief and shock turned to horror when she realized who this was. How could he bring one of their best friends in here like this?

But the horror started to turn to rage when she saw what came next. Rich and Tina embraced and started kissing. He moved his hand lower and stared caressing the flesh hidden beneath her jeans. At the same time, Tina ran her fingers across his bare chest.

As they kissed, he gently but swiftly performed the same feat with Tina's blouse as he had with his wife's. They broke their kiss just long enough for him to pull it over her head. As they continued their embrace, he reached around and unfastened her jeans. Then he turned her to face his wife.

"Hi Kara," Tina said. Tina saw the look in Kara's eyes. She had expected no different for her initial reaction. "I know you're angry with me and Rich right now. You'll do best if you just go with the flow." Tina had been grinding her ass against Rich's crotch while she made her suggestion. Now Rich was pushing Tina's jeans toward the floor, revealing a lacy black thong, very much in contrast to the white one which Kara still had on.

Both women were looking at each other. Tina with mischief and desire in her eyes. Kara with shock and anger in hers. Both women had similar builds, a bit on the thick side as people would say. Each about 5'4" and 170lbs. give or take. Both women were well toned as they went to the gym together 3 times a week. Kara's breasts were fuller while Tina's were slightly firmer and had smaller nipples. Tina stepped out of her jeans, still evaluating the woman in front of her.

Kara noticed that there was already a distinct wet spot in the crotch of them. Kara also knew that Tina only wore thongs occasionally, unlike herself. This started Kara thinking. Was there a chance that this wasn't an accident of timing? But her gag prevented her from asking the question. Tina winked and kept grinding her ass against Rich's cock. Kara knew what that did to Rich. He was, after all, her husband.

Rich brought his arms around Tina's waist and up her smooth, but not quite flat stomach. Kara knew Tina's stomach might be a touch flatter, but that she had the tighter, more, shapely ass. Rich's hands reached Tina's bra. It was a front clasp and Rich quickly unfastened it and slid it off her. He gently cupped her full breasts as he kissed Tina's neck. He expertly rolled her nipples between the finger and thumb of each hand.

Kara watched. She was still fighting the gag to speak, trying to free her hands, but made no progress. Here was her man, her husband with another woman. He was supposed to be hers and hers alone. She was furious with him. That should be her neck he was kissing, her nipples he was teasing. She felt her pussy quiver with longing. Her nipples were tingling with jealous desire.

She continued to watch. Jealous, angry, envious. She knew what those lips were capable of when applied to her neck. She knew the magic those fingers could work. She glanced down at Tina's sheer thong. Sure enough, there was a growing wet spot in them. That should be her getting wet from his ministrations. She squirmed again trying to fee herself. As she did so, she rubbed her ass against the wall. Kara froze. Her thong was damp too.

She continued watching as Rich's right hand moved back down Tina's belly. He paused and gently traced his fingers around her navel. Tina purred slightly. Kara felt a slight twitch in her twat. No, she must have imagined that. She did continue to watch. 

Slowly, Rich's hand continued its downward journey. Sliding over Tina's mound it slipped under the thin material that made up her thong. Kara could see the outline of his finger slipping along her slit. Kara felt herself starting to get wet again, knowing what Tina must be feeling.

Rich then withdrew his hand. Tina turned around and unzipped his jeans. She knelt down in front of Rich and started pulling his jeans down. When she pulled his boxers down, Rich's hard-on stood proudly in front of both women. Kara and Tina both let out slight moans.

"Looks delicious," cooed Tina. She took his cock in her hand. A bit over 6 inches long, it was just the right length, but it was much thicker then what she was used too. She ran her tongue over the purplish head while she caressed his balls. Kara was starting to get frantic. That should be her licking his dick. And she wanted to lick it so badly. Yet there was something highly erotic about watching her friend do it.

Rich let out a soft moan as Tina slipped most of his shaft into her mouth. She started moving back and forth over him, running her tongue along the underside. At the same time she was using one hand to cares his balls. Kara couldn't believe what was happening. She was getting eager to see what happened next. She was getting wetter by the moment and could feel her nipples harden. 

Rich looked over at Kara and saw the lust building in her eyes. There was still a bit of jealousy there, but the lust was taking over. He gently urged Tina off him. Tina stood in front of him. He deftly removed her sheer panties and turned her to face Kara. Kara would see the head of her clit peeking out between her labia, and how wet Tina was getting.

"What do you think, time to let her have some fun," he asked looking from Tina to his wife tied to the bed. Tina nodded eagerly. Kara was eager to. Eager for her husband to leave this other woman alone and to pay attention to her.

To Kara's shock, it wasn't her husband who got on the bed. It was Tina who straddled her body and put her nose to the crotch of Kara's own thong. Tina inhaled deeply and hummed softly. Kara was trying to keep her eyes on something else, but her gaze kept returning to the sight of the naked pussy right above her.

"She may be a jealous woman, but she's hot too." Tina grinned at Rich, who grinned back. "What a shame that sweet, wet, pussy is hidden by these panties. What are we going to do about that?"

"Oh," Rich was grinning in reply, "I'm sure you can figure something out." Rich got up behind Tina and started running his tongue along her glistening slit. Kara was almost beside herself. Jealous, envious, and wanting. How she wanted to feel that tongue on her twat. 

She felt something tugging at her waist, pulling on her own panties. She heard the tear and felt the string that was the waist band of her thong give way. She looked down just in time to see Tina pull them free. She watched in shock and anticipation as Tina lowered her head towards her own wet slit, her tongue sticking out as she got closer.

Soon, Tina was working her tongue over Kara's hot slit. Tina was amazed that another woman was getting to her. Of course, watching her own husband perform the same service on Tina wasn't hurting. She could smell the arousal in the air too. The scent of her own hot twat mixed with that of Tina's to assault her senses and intoxicate her.

She moaned through her gag. She had never believed she would enjoy seeing her man pleasure another woman. Watching his tongue slide over her pussy lips, circling her clit turned her on in a way she had never dreamed of. She thrilled each time he sucked on her clit. Tina was working her own brand of magic on her hungry twat. Tina had a very different technique then her husband, and was every bit as effective.

Tina felt her orgasm approaching. Kara had told her how talented he was with his tongue and teeth. She had not exaggerated. She was finding it difficult to concentrate on taking care of Kara. When he slit to fingers into her hole, it was more then she could take. Her orgasm exploded over her. Wave after wave of ecstasy exploded over her. He body wracked with spasms of pleasure.

Kara saw Rich slide his fingers into Tina's steaming canal. She watched as she saw her friend's pussy quiver and flutter. She had just enough time to realize Tina was coming when she felt her friend's lips lock on her own sensitive clit. Kara felt her own orgasm wash over her. Her back arched, her pussy convulsed. She screamed into the gag, which kept it to a low, muffled howl. She felt her own hot, fragrant nectar wash over her friends face.

Rich pulled away from Tina as she collapsed on the bed next to Kara, who also went limp. Both women were breathing heavily. Rich lay on the other side of his wife. He let both women catch their breath before continuing.

"Now, if I remove the gag, will you cooperate dear," he asked. Kara nodded her head in agreement. "Are you sure?" Again, she nodded eagerly. He reached over and she held her head up so he could untie the gag. Still slightly out of breath, she licked her lips to wet them.

"Now," she said slightly hoarse, "do you mind telling me about all this?" Her voice was curious, no hint of anger or jealousy to it. 

"Well, it really quite simple." He grinned broadly as he though of how to tell her. "Tina and I were talking a couple weeks ago. She mentioned that you told her how you had been given the please of two men at once." He grinned as he watched his wife's nipples harden as she recalled the encounter a few weeks ago. "She said listening to you describe it she knew you really had a good time. She also knew you had always balked at the idea of two women with your husband. She figured it was unfair that you weren't willing to reciprocate.

"So, we started talking about it. It was mostly her idea to do this. She figured it would help if it was someone you liked and trusted rather then some stranger. She also figured it would give her a chance to explore her bisexual curiosity. See, as good as Bob is in bed, he's fairly straight laced. Got all bent the couple of times she mentioned inviting someone to join them. We both figured that if you couldn't do anything right away, your lust would wind up winning out over your jealousy. And judging from how wet your pussy is and how hard you came, I'd say we were right."

"You most certainly were you horny bastard. And if you untie me, you will see just how right you two were." Kara had a wicked grin on her face. It quickly turned to a moan of pleasure as Tina sucked a nipple into her mouth. She held it there only briefly. 

"I'll untie you my dear, but you don't get to call the shots just yet. You have to promise to do as you're told. Deal?" Tina's voice was low and husky. Kara was shifting her gaze between her husband semi-hard cock and Tina's full breast. She figured things couldn't get much more bizarre then the already were. She nodded in agreement and was quickly untied. She sat up, looked at her husband, and grinned her wicked grin again.

"So, what's next?"

"Well," Rich said as he settled on his back on the bed, "which do you want first, cock or camera." Kara was catching on. So, this was going to be a tag team session of sort. Kara was so worked up she knew her first choice. She also knew they were counting on her exhibitionist streak.

She smiled at Tina as she moved down the bed to straddle her husband. As she turned around, Tina picked up the digital camera that was on the dresser. It was a mid range digital SLR. Fast just like the film version. Tina put the camera to her face and started taking pictures.

Kara smiled a wicked smile as she lowered herself, trapping her husbands cock between their two bodies. Rich lifted his hands and started tweaking and pinching her nipples. She was sliding her hips back and forth, running her wet slit along the full length of his hard on, making sure to get it all nice and wet. All the while, Tina was snapping away, some close up photos, some of all the action.

Kara and Rich were both breathing heavily now. He was working over both of her breasts, kneading them, pulling and pinching her nipples. She knew what they both wanted, and it was time.

"You may want to get behind us if you are going to keep using that camera." Tina quickly complied. She started with a wide view, but quickly zoomed in to get a good set of shots. Kara lifted her body, freeing Rich's hard member. Leaning her body forward, she took hold of his shaft and lined it up with her steaming twat.

Tina watched through the lens of the camera. She could see her friend's pussy opening, glistening wet and ready for a hard cock. Her own clit was itching to be rubbed as she watched Kara place his cock to her opening, and slowly lower herself down. The only sounds in the room were that of ragged breathing, the repeated clicks of the camera, and a soft wet squish as Kara bottomed out on her husband.

She stared riding up and down on your husband's shaft. She rode hard and fast, in no mood for gentleness. Each time she slammed herself down on his hard length, a wave of pleasure rushed out from her clit. She felt each ripple of his cock along her walls as she squeezed her muscles around him. She could feel him get even harder and thicker as she road. She knew he was building up a hot load just for her.

Tina was still shooting pictures. Moving around, getting shots from all different angles. Only now she was shooting one handed, her other busy working on her own clit as she recorded the scene. Tina relished the view of her best friend's juices covering her husband cock, dripping down over his balls. She had worked it into a gentle froths she was riding him so hard.

Rich could feel his own climax approach. Grunting each time their bodies made contact. He could feel his nuts begin to tighten. It was only moments away. 

"I'm....gonna...cum," he grunted out. Grabbing her hips, he slammed her down onto his own pelvis as he thrust up to meet her. He felt the eruption move up the length of his shaft and explode out the head. He could feel himself pumping his seed deep into her. Her husbands gush of cum was all Kara needed. Her own orgasm washed over her. She arched her back, letting out a guttural howl that came from deep inside her. Her womanhood clamped down and rhythmically contracted around his pole, milking every bit of his seed it could.

Tina had deliberately stopped fingering herself, which was no easy task. As badly as she wanted to cum again, she wanted to wait. She stopped shooting pictures after her two friends came, almost as one. She watched as Kara slumped forward, sliding off Rich's softening penis. She looked them both as they lay next to each other on the bed. She admired his slowly deflating cock, covered in a mix of his and her cum. The sight of cum oozing out of her friend completed the scene.

"Well, that was certainly worth watching," Tina cooed. "Now, a deal is a deal. Do what you will with this." She handed the camera to Kara, and then climbed onto the bed. "Can't have him going completely soft now can we?" With that, she leaned over, opened her mouth and slipped half his length into her mouth. "Mmmmm."

Kara lifted the camera and started shooting. She couldn't believe she was actually doing this, and really getting into it. She watched in fascination as one of her best friends gave her husband a blow job. She watched as Tina slipped his shaft out of her mouth. Using her tongue, Tina worked all over his cock and balls, almost to his ass. She was greedily getting every drop of the combined juices that had coated him, slurping noisily as she went. His cock slowly stiffened again.

Once satisfied with her work, Tina straddled Rich. Again, he watched his cock slide into a very wet pussy. He reached up and started playing with her nipples. Kara was looking through the camera lens, snapping some photos, but was getting more and more caught up in what was going on. After capturing several frames of her husband's cock buried in her best friends twat she had had enough.
