 I felt compelled to write this after reading a new submission from 'ACleanMachine.' It brought back memories perhaps I shouldn't be thinking about.



It was all Tim's fault. He is the one who asked me to give his wife a massage. "Go on, Bob. See if you can make her feel as good as you make me feel." 

Liz just watched me finish with Tim. At first she seemed a little shocked that he stripped naked for the massage. She knew I was manipulating her husband once a week for the past few months to relieve a chronic pain he suffered. But this is the first time she had the opportunity to watch. Tim started stripping all the way after the first time when I told him the shorts were interfering with the strokes.

It is difficult for a guy not to get hard under my hands stroking his back, buttocks and the inside of his thighs. When he got hard, he'd maneuver his cock downward so it and his balls were visible between his legs and my strokes brushed against them frequently and he usually got off from the contact, making a mess on the towel under him – a bonus for the patient.

Liz gasped when he came; thinking it bothered me, but little did she know how much I enjoyed his getting off. I think she could tell I got hard under my sweats while manipulating him and her watching. It was quite exciting. I used the towel under him to wipe his cock, balls and my hands. Tim rolled over on his back, his erection still intact. He put his hands under head, let out a sigh and said, "Damn, that was good." That's when he suggested I give her a massage.

"Get me a fresh towel," was her only comment as she pulled her top up and off. The sight of her small braless breasts made my sweats poke out a little more. Tim and I both got up and he went for the towel while I watched her step out of her shorts. "These too?" she queried fingering the waistband of her panties.

"Better ask Tim." I saw she never took her eyes off the bulge in my sweats.

"Ask me what?" Tim came back with a couple of towels, still naked, but his erection subsided.

"Should I take these off?"

"Why not? We're all friends here." Tim looked at me and said, "Heck, you're the only one with anything on here. Should I get dressed or are you going to join us?" 

Liz gasped again as I stepped out of my sweats. My cock stood straight out and she drank up the sight of my thick seven inches. At the same time, I was enjoying looking at her bikini trimmed pussy, already grown a little puffy.

Liz got face down on the floor and I knelt between her parted legs. I covered her back with lotion and started kneading her shoulders. In that position, my cock brushed against her cheeks quite often and I was worried I might not be able to control myself. Liz started to purr like a cat under my hands and I could sense her deepening relaxation.

Tim started getting aroused again as he knelt on the floor next to us. I expected him to say something about my cock touching his wife's ass, but the only sound was the purring coming from Liz.

Little by little, I worked my way down her back and was kneading the cheeks of her ass and the inside of her thighs. Each stroke parted her pussy lips a bit which caused Tim to say, "I've never seen your pussy like this before. If Bob wasn't in the way, I'd poke you right here and now. Gads, it's beautiful." Tim could help but stroke himself. I don't know if he knew how much I wanted to poke her myself.

I got a bit bolder with my strokes and my fingers came in contact with her lips in a way that I knew was sending sensations to her clit. This was the bonus part of her massage and my cock was throbbing in the process. Although she tried to remain relaxed, she started squirming, grinding the front of her pussy into the towel under her. I knew she was close to reaching a climax. 

I looked over at Tim who was now furiously pumping his cock and I let my fingers move inside her lips. Tim kind of gave me a 'go-ahead' nod and I came in contact with her clit which caused Liz to suck in her breath between clenched teeth.

"She's cumming, Bob."

"Yessss! Harder! Faster!" She started moving wildly. "I want to get fucked!"

"Go ahead, Bob. Fuck her."

I raised her ass up and plunged my swollen cock into her. She came in a heartbeat and I was right after her, my load deep in her. With my cock buried deep in her, she managed to turn over with a maneuver I'll probably never be able to figure out. "Keep it in me." Her pussy muscles milked me and I was staying hard. Tim bent over and let Liz take him in her mouth and he proceeded to fuck her face while I filled her pussy.

"Let's switch, Bob." I eased out of her pussy. I straddled her face and she eagerly gulped me. She gasped again as she felt Tim enter her.

Her lips, her tongue and cheeks worked me in a way I never felt before and I soon had to warn her I was cumming again. She never took her lips from me and I shot my second load in her mouth at the same moment Tim filled her pussy with his cum.

Tim rolled off her and Liz took my cock out of her mouth long enough to ask me to eat her. I moved about and buried my face in her cum filled pussy while she continued to work on my now softening cock. My tongue worked her clit and I licked all of our cum from her. 

She came once more and we all finally relaxed.

Tim asked, "Bob, will you stay for dinner?"

Liz added, "And for the night?"