 As the two beautiful nymphs made love to each others' bodies, exploring the sweet sports of the other, I could only lay back and stare. The two women, my friends Michelle and Desarae, had taken it upon themselves to have sex for me -- again -- under one condition: they would only do it while I was tied up.

Now I don't know about you. There is nothing sexier in my mind then having trust between yourself and your partner(s). The two women laying next to me are two of my closest friends and have my trust locked up. If they didn't have that, there would be no way they would ever be able to tie me up.

So there I laid, with my arms secured to the bed posts by my neckties. I had been stripped naked by the girls, my 7 inch cock standing at attention. This is torture of the best kind, as my hands could not reach out to grab and stroke it, possibly to prevent me from cumming before the girls wanted me to cum. Precum, though, oozed and drooled out of the hole, coating the area above my groin with slick, tangy cream.

My girlfriends were also naked and laying next to me, with Desarae on top of Michelle in a 69. It is always a sight to see Desarae's brown hair splayed over Michelle's silky thighs while her tongue dances along Michelle's pussy. Michelle's wavy dirty blonde hair is tied back in a pony tail, giving me a clear view of Desarae's pretty pussy. The girls' necks, bent at near 90-degree angles, are tongue-fucking the other girls' pussy with reckless abandon, and I could tell by the slurping and the moans coming from each. Michelle's hands were on Desi's ass cheeks, using them as leverage to slide her tongue into the brunette's sweet snatch.

The girls started bucking on the others' face, with pussy juice easily visible on Michelle's. I could see from my vantage point that Michelle's tongue was rippling and wiggling into Desarae's pussy, making the other girl quiver from excitement. Desi lifted her head from Michelle's lap and moaned, yet she was quick enough to slide her fingers down to Michelle's clit and rub circles around my friend's erect button. 

"Ohhhhhhhhhh, rub my pussy Desi, oh yes make me cum," Michelle said, taking her mouth and tongue off Desarae's pussy for a second, replacing them with two fingers into the warm, wet crevice. She started to move her fingers in and out, plunging them into Desarae's slit and holding them there for a few seconds, letting the girl on the receiving end moan louder, pushing her ass and pussy down harder, hoping Michelle's fingers would go deeper.

"Oh fuck me Michelle, let me be your bitch. Show him how we like to get fucked!" Desarae screamed at our girlfriend, as her arms were holding herself up, her palms flat on the bed with her arms straight, her ass humping against Michelle's fingers.

Michelle took another finger, this time licking it and pressing it against Desarae's tender asshole. Desi let out a whimper as the fingertip made first contact with the orifice, and moaned a little louder as the finger shimmied its way into her chute. With Michelle's digits filling up her two bottom-most holes, Desarae took the initiative to fill up her third hole. Leaning over toward me, she moved her upper body slightly, letting her beautiful 34c tits become dislodged from Michelle's tummy. Grasping my aching cock in her left hand, Desarae licked the tip of my cockhead, tasting the sugary substance flowing freely. Moaning as she licked me, my eyes nearly rolled into the back of my head. Her velvety tongue flicked the head before she started to bathe the underside of my cock.

She was looking deeply into my eyes while she licked me, and after quickly winking, she shoved my cock into her mouth, sliding my shaft in between her red lips. She got a good portion of my cock in her mouth, leaving a few inches visible. With her right hand, she gripped the root of my cock and began to stroke it while she sucked. She had once told me if she had the chance, she would suck on my cock for hours. 

While Desi's beautiful face was bobbing up and down on my rigid shaft, Michelle's fingers were busy inside the other girls' shaved pussy. Every so often, she would stick her tongue out and catch a dribble of pussy juice dropping from her fingers. She savored the sweet taste, letting an "mmmmmmmmmm" escape her lips. Desarae was getting ready to cum, and Michelle put her over the edge by clamping her mouth down on her clit, sucking for dear life, still drilling her fingers into Desi's slippery pussy and tight ass.

Desarae's orgasm came in waves, with tiny tremors blasting away at her nervous system, sending shivers throughout her body. She released my cock from her open maw to let out a loud moan and to announce to us that she was cumming. Michelle, on the other hand, was not ready for the tide to come in. With her mouth cleanly pressed to Desi's pussy, the first wave of cum squirted right above her mouth, flooding her nostrils with juice. Michelle instinctively closed her eyes in order to prevent getting cum in them, and soon replaced her mouth with fingers on her clit, and vice versa along Desarae's wide open pussy.

As soon as Desi finished her marathon cum, she reluctantly let go of my steel-like shaft. She had been slowly stroking it during her powerful orgasm, as if she didnt want me to cum prematurely while she was cumming. As my cock fell back to my body, she slipped away from me, off the foot of the bed and kneeled at the floor.

"I have to rest before I continue guys, give me a minute," Desi said, with her breathing coming choppy. Turning to Michelle, she whispered, "Time to let stud muffin here bust a nut."

My sweet Michelle eagerly took Desarae's place between my legs, letting her fingernails rub against the inside of my thighs. Bending down, she flicked her tongue out and bathed my balls with her saliva. It didn't stop there, as she dragged her tongue along the base of my cock before slipping it up toward the tip. My cockhead, looking purple as it was engorged with blood, was still shiny with precum, still flowing freely. Even more semen drenched my groin, as she stopped her tongue from going near the sensitive ridge.

I was nearly ready to blow my load, but I didn't want to cum just yet. I wanted to wait until Michelle's supple thighs were straddling mine, her satiny pussy enveloping my cock, her ass coming in contact with my quads. She began to straddle me, taking my cock in her right hand while her left was on my chest, trying to keep her balance. She started to rub my dick along her pussy, teasing it. The head brushed her clit, sending a spark through her body. Her eyes shot wide open and couldn't wait any longer. She buried my cock to the hilt, and she started to bounce on me, riding me like a prize pony.

After she let go of my cock, she put her hand onto my chest. Letting it slip to just under the back of my neck, she bent down to kiss me as she was fucking my cock. We kept eye contact as our bodies came together, it felt as if we were in sync with each other, working together like a machine for mutual pleasure. I felt the heat from her face, the sweat pouring out of her pores as we kissed, our tongues circling each other. I could taste a faint hint of Desarae's pussy and her cum in Michelle's kiss.

As we looked into each other's eyes, we heard several tiny slaps. Keeping one eye in Michelle's, I looked past her shoulder and saw Desarae kneeling behind her, slapping her ass, making her cheek red. The force of the slaps got harder with each thrust, and Michelle started to whimper as our friend spanked her. 

Then, without warning, Desarae reached down and grabbed Michelle's ponytail and pulled her up. Shuffling forward on her knees, Desi got right up close behind her. Reaching around with her left hand, she cupped one of Michelle's ample tits and began to roll her nipple in between her thumb and forefinger. She began to talk dirty to Michelle as she rode my shaft, barking out instructions and talking dirty: "wiggle your hips as you ride him", "you like that cock stuffed deep inside your naughty pussy, don't you Michelle?", "I bet you can't wait for him to cum so I can suck it all out of your pussy after you collapse."

Her last statement made Michelle buck on my groin as well as moan. But Desarae stopped the moaning, pressing her lips to Michelle's and sliding her tongue inside. Freeing Michelle's hair, she reached around with her other hand and grabbed her other tit and began to squeeze them as Michelle's pussy continued its unrelenting assault. Her vaginal walls began to spasm around my shaft, cutting off the blood flow like a vice, yet allowing the cum from my swollen sack make its 7 inch trip to Michelle's pussy.

I exploded deep into Michelle's soaken cavern as her own orgasm tore through her; I could feel my groin flooded with Michelle's secretions. After her orgasm ended, she fell off me with Desi's assistance. Desarae laid her down next to me before freeing my hands from their bonds. She then spread Michelle's legs and licked her lips as she eyed our friends' pussy with lust. There was a gleam in her eye as she dove in, sending her tongue into unknown locations. Michelle's eyes widened yet again as Desarae's tongue invaded her most secret place, and frantically wrapped her legs around Desi's head. 

From the sound of Michelle's moans, Desarae was hitting all of the right places, with her nose rubbing up against Michelle's clit. Desi was using her tongue as a shovel, and she intended to scoop all of my tasty cum from our friends' juicy pussy. Seeing Desarae's perfect ass wiggling in front of me, my cock returned to its hardened state and I approached Desi's ass. I shoved my cock deep into Desarae's pussy and began fucking her hard, grabbing her hips as I pulled her body into mine. For good measure, I spanked her ass harder than she spanked Michelle.

After grabbing each tiny piece of cum, she began to suck on Michelle's clit. Michelle jerked and spasmed as yet another orgasm ripped through her, and Desarae began to moan between sucks due to the fucking my cock was giving her. My balls were smacking on Desarae's pussy and as Michelle was relaxing from her latest orgasm, she watched us lustfully while she rubbed her sensitive clit.

After a good half hour of me doing Desarae's pussy doggy style, I started pounding into her and I felt my cum start to rise. I pulled out of her and she turned around, getting on her knees. Michelle was not to be left out and she got on her knees next to her. The girls put their faces very close to each other, their faces touching, their mouths wide open, their tongues sticking out and touching. I started to fist my cock and after a minute, I started to grunt and breathe through clenched teeth. I told the girls I was about to cum and their faces inched closer. They wanted all of my cum this time. Aiming in between their open mouths, my cum shot off like a rocket, landing on Michelle's tongue. Another spurt landed on Desi's. Other spurts landed on each others' faces. After my cock was done erupting, Michelle leaned over and took my cock into her mouth and started to suck hard on it, while Desarae began to clean up the cum on Michelle's face, licking it all up and swallowing. My cock got hard again and Desarae sucked on it while Michelle licked Desarae's face clean.

The girls, their faces fully clean, laid me down on the bed and began to alternately suck on my cock until I came again. Then, with Michelle on my right side and Desarae on my left, we pulled the covers up on ourselves as we fell asleep.