 I make a living by working in an office. It's not very glamorous, but it pays the bills. I was in my normal routine and counting down the hours until I could go home and relax, but as it was only 9:30, I had a large wait ahead of me. Every thing was normal until my boss Greg walked in and introduced me to the most amazingly beautiful woman I had ever seen. She had chocolate brown skin, which I love, full pouty lips, dark brown eyes and hair, long skinny legs topped of with the most gorgeous ass and probably the most amazing pair of tits I have ever seen. They were big but not to big, like a 30C I think, nice and round with hard pointy nipples. Any way, her name was Georgia and she was the new receptionist, which was great because she would be sitting directly in front of me so I could stare all day long.

I had plenty of opportunities to talk to her throughout the day and found out she was 24-liked sport and loved being outdoors. She had a great personality, but it turns out she has a long time boyfriend, so I was devastated. So for the rest of the day I had to try to forget the black beauty sitting in front of me. It was just at closing time when Georgia came up to me and asked me if I wanted to go out for a drink with her seeing as it was her first day. Not wanting to be rude, I accepted and we left together for the pub. In the car I found out that her boyfriends name was Mike and that he was a big strong black sportsman, so I new I should be careful as I didn't wanna be in hospital for any misunderstanding, but from the way she was describing him, he sounded like a nice guy.

When we got inside, it was pretty quiet, so we grabbed a booth and ordered some drinks, I had a beer and she had a cocktail. We chatted for about an hour, but realised we'd had a fair amount to drink and the conversation started getting dirty. She asked about my sex life of which I told her was pretty low at the moment. And I asked about her and Mike. She told me that they both have a very hungry sexual appetite and that they can get very freaky. All of this talk was giving me the biggest hard on and it was straining hard against my pants. But what happened next shocked me. I felt a foot sliding up my leg and up onto my lap, I looked up at her and she smiled, she was stroking my cock with her feet. I was stunned, but was loving the attention. She stopped playing with me and said, "Dan, I want to fuck you, but only on one condition, that you share with Mike". 

Straight away I stood up and grabbed her arm as we walked out and grabbed a taxi. We got back to her place and walked in the door to see Mike, and boy was he big. I was worried that he wouldn't be happy but my fears were rested when he walked up and shook my hand and introduced himself. All of a sudden, Georgia was ripping of my clothes and pushing me on to the couch. I helped her take her top of while Mike undressed behind her. WOW, his cock was like 9 inches and very fat, much bigger than my seven inches so I felt a little intimidated. All that disappeared as Georgia sunk her mouth down around my cock. It was amazing, so warm and wet and smooth, she new what she was doing. She was awesome; she would suck all the way to the base and suck really hard then go all the way up and suck the head then plunge back down again. 

I could feel her moaning, so I looked over and saw Mike licking her pussy; he was obviously great at it because she was thrashing all over the place. She looked up at me and grabbed my cock and said" I want this in me now!!" I wasn't going to refuse so I got up as she sat on the couch with her legs spread wide. I looked at Mike for approval and he nodded, so I aimed the head of my cock to her pussy and slowly worked it in. She was so tight and warm, I was loving it. I was pumping in and out of her hard, I would push all the way in and then pull almost all the way out then slam back into her. With all the effort I was putting into this, I forgot about Mike. Then she looked right into my eyes and said a sentence that has changed my life forever, "time to share". With that I felt a warm, wet tongue push into my ass, it was Mike, I freaked out but she tightened her pussy to make me concentrate and told me not to worry. I almost came right there, with her clamping her pussy on my cock and his expert tongue in my ass, it was almost too much. 

I've never done this sort of thing before and never even thought about having sex with a guy, but I was loving it. His tongue was amazing, but I was starting to worry about that huge cock, I didn't think I'd be able to take it. Georgia could see that I was starting to panic, but she reassured me by saying that it feels amazing, and was well worth it. All of a sudden his tongue was replaced by what felt like a warm, slippery tennis ball, but I was determined to take it. I leaned into Georgia and started kissing her and holding her tight. He started pushing his cock head into me, which almost made me pass out. It was so huge. With a sudden pop it was in and slowly going deeper into my virgin ass. It took ages till I felt his balls hit mine, with that he grabbed my hips and started fucking me hard as I resumed fucking Georgia. It hurt so much but felt so good as his huge tool hit my prostate and with my cock in her pussy fucking her hard, it felt amazing. 

With his pace I knew I couldn't hold on for much longer as with a scream, I sent spurt after spurt of my hot come into her womb. I didn't think it would stop and Mike was screaming because of my ass tightening on his cock. He pulled his cock out of me slowly and told me to get onto all fours. I got onto the floor and Georgia laid in front of me so I could lick her pussy. I started working my tongue in and out of her pussy as Mike rammed the entire length of his cock into me. I screamed into her pussy as she held my face into her cunt as hard as she could. Mike resumed with his previous hard fucking and I was doing every thing I could to lick all of my come from her pussy. Every force of Mike's cock made me scream in pain, which made Georgia shudder with orgasm after orgasm. She was screaming and shouting as I buried my face into her dripping pussy. She held onto my head trying to force me in deeper while I tongue fucked her as hard as I could. 

Georgia pulled my head away and told me that she needed a cock in her, so she worked her way under me and grabbed hold of my dick, when it was at the entrance of her pussy, Mike rammed his cock into my ass which rammed my cock into her pussy as we all screamed in ecstasy. We were all fucking in unison; Mike would thrust into me as I did to Georgia. She was holding on tight as we fucked, clamping her pussy down on my cock, as mike was gripping me by the hair as he fucked me harder and faster than before. I could feel his sweat dripping from him onto my back as he fucked my red-hot ass. Mike pulled my head up to him and said into my ear "I'm gonna come all over your face". With that he pulled his cock out of my ass with a pop and pulled me of Georgia and pushed told me to get on my knees. 

He held the back of my head with one hand and furiously jerked his huge tool with the other as Georgia swallowed my cock again making me moan with pleasure as she buried her full fist into her pussy. We were all moving together and moaning as we were racing to come. Mike started going harder and screaming more so I opened my mouth to the tip of his cock as a stream of come erupted from the head and hit the back of my throat with a huge force, he sent shot after shot down my throat as I swallowed his huge black cock as far as I could get it, he didn't seem to stop as I was drowning in his come. As soon as he stopped, my cock erupted and shot all over Georgia's big beautiful black tits, I kept shooting my come all over her breasts while still sucking on his big hot cock. After I had finished coming, she lay down and we both lay on either side of her, licking all of my come from her gorgeous breasts while she stroked our soft wet cocks. 

I had many other anal adventures with Mike and Georgia, and we even involve some of the other people from my office, when were in the mood for a party.