 The gentle late spring breeze carried the enchanting scent of wild lilac and honey suckle washing the deck with the seductive fragrance of summer. The spring had been a bit cooler than normal but this early June evening was just heavenly.

The conversation was light and easy as they sat reclining, sipping on chilled wine, beside the pool. Brock and Lisa had known Tom and his wife, Amber for many years, enjoying many such evenings together. Brock and Tom were built very much alike, both large men in stature and character. The look about them of strong active men, men who relished in activity rather than avoiding it. Their similarities did not end with just appearance. They were both devoted and loving husbands and fathers, putting the needs of their families before all others. It was this strength of character and moral grounding that fostered a long lasting friendship.

Lisa and Amber were also much alike. Both mothers, devoted to the raising of strong independent children. Both beautiful in appearance with the natural beauty that is generated from deep within, a beauty that radiates from their very core, not applied by brush and mirror. Their bodies reflecting the womanly curves that tantalize the senses.

The evening had started off as it did on many occasions prior. The sizzling sound of steaks cooking on the grill and the refreshing feel of an ice cold beer in your hand. The evening being a bit muggier than most that spring, they decided to eat beside the pool. After dinner Lisa and Amber cleared the table as Brock and Tom brought the chase lounges from garage after turning on the pool heater and rolling back the solar cover. 

The gentle hum of the pool pump, the crickets and the light Marlow soothed the soul, washing away the tensions of the week. 

“It is just so quite and secluded here” Tom commented as Amber settled down between his legs on the chase resting her flowing red hair upon his chest.

“We just love it out here at night, the stars just seem to come alive out here, reach down and lift your spirits. Oh honey that feels so good.” Lisa’s delicate hands felt so good as she massaged Brock’s neck releasing what tensions remained. 

“You know it is getting kind of late and we have all but finished off this bottle of wine, not to mention the Coors you two boys had while you were grilling. Tom why don’t you and Amber just crash here this evening?” 

The two older kids had left earlier that afternoon for camp and would not be home for the next three evenings and the baby was spending quality “grandmother time” with Brock’s mom. So the back yard was a peaceful haven with the only light coming from the scented oil torches their amber glow bouncing off of the gentle waves of the pool surface.  

“Honey, that sounds like such a great idea. I think I still have that overnight bag in the car from our trip to your mother’s last weekend.”

“You don’t have to twist my arm; I could hang out here forever. That pool is looking mighty enticing. That is if you two are serious.”

“Hey man you know my house is yours, you two make yourselves at home. Here let me give you a hand taking your stuff up to the spare room.”

With that Brock pulled himself up laughing with Tom as they chided one another about some baseball score and headed to the driveway. The girls stretched out on the chairs. Lisa kicked off her sandals wiggling her toes, looking over at Amber she was surprised by just how lovely she looked, the light reflecting off of the pool made her hair look as though it was ablaze. 

“That pool does seem to be calling. I checked it earlier and it was 80 degrees. That would feel so good but I know I did not bring a suite, not much need for one of those at my mother in laws Manhattan apartment.”

Brock and Lisa’s relationship had grown so strong since he had left the large law firm and joined forces with his now partner in starting their own business. The seventy hour weeks, endless travel and never ending deadlines had eaten at their relationship to the point that both had grown distant and irritable. Since his departure over a year ago they had once again found the passion and love that had pulled them through so many of life’s struggles. It was in this rediscovery they found, through heretofore absent communication, that they both shared sexual fantasies of adventure. In privacy and intimacy of their bedroom they discussed their desires to explore all aspects of their sexuality, describing time and again the scenes of hot passions many of which involved multiple partners and same sex contact. But both Lisa and Brock were certain that these wild adventures would remain fantasies, locked forever in their most private dreams

It was in that moment, whether induced by the recall of these taboo thoughts or by the emptying of the wine bottle that now lay askew on the ground between the two lounges that a tantalizing thought struck Lisa.

“You know we are all adults here Amber. I have seen the suite that you wear and it does little to hide that wonderful body of yours so why don’t you just go in what the good Lord blessed you with?”

“Hey, I am game if you are?” Amber giggled as she jumped up. In a few seconds their cloths lay in one pile beside the pool’s edge. The water felt so warm and soothing on their skin as they splashed and laughed.

“You know Lisa, I hope you do not mind me saying this but you are looking amazing. I swear it took me so long to get back into shape after Nathan but Jessica is not even a year old yet is she and look at you, you look amazing.”

“Well thanks that makes me feel good coming from you. You and Tom make such a wonderful couple. Brock and I both feel so comfortable with you two. I am glad that you two decided to stay.”

In the distance they heard the screen door close as Brock and Tom came from the house. In the darkness they could not see the girls at the edge of the pool. 

“Hey you two we thought you got lost. Why don’t you come on in the water is fine.” The girls laughed as they both kicked off the edge into an easy backstroke revealing there voluptuous figures backlit by the pool lights.

Brock stood stunned, not sure what to say or do, even in the low light you could see that his face was as red as the home made cherry pie that they had for desert. His frozen state was soon broken as Tom grabbed his arm and said “Come on bud now that looks fun.”

The two were stripped and jumping off the edge before the girls made it to the other end. It was not long until all four were splashing and laughing caught up in being teenagers again.

They all were lined up on the edge of the pool trying to catch their breath when Brock, easing in behind Lisa, said “I hope we do not keep you two up tonight but we have been getting pretty wild lately.”

“Oh Brock, don’t you worry about that. Tom here knows how to make me sing and we have not had a night away from the kids in a long time so I hope we do not keep you two up.” With that Amber turned and wrapping her arms around Tom kissed him long and hard, not a kiss shared in public but one filled with passion and desire.

Tom surprised yet excited by Amber’s boldness felt the stirrings of response as Amber’s leg brushed against his manhood. Gently freeing his lips from Ambers he began to nibble upon her delicate ear. In a whisper that only he could hear Amber asked if he would like to ask Brock and Lisa to join them. They had spoke of this very possibility so many times but had yet to pursue anything other than joining a few web pages on line.

Pulling Amber tight against him Tom looked to his left to find Brock and Lisa in a deep kiss as well. “Brock, Amber and I were wondering if you and your beautiful wife would like to join us.”

Turning to Lisa, Brock saw a fire deep in those hazel eyes and a sly grin across those luscious lips. “I think we would like that very much.” 

Deftly Brock lowered himself just a bit and lifted Lisa from the water sitting her upon the pools edge. The water upon her bare form glistened with the reflection of the torch light, giving her the appearance of a bronzed goddess. Tom lifted Amber so that the two girls’ thigh lightly touched. Brock lowered his longing mouth bringing his tongue to the very base of Lisa’s shaven love center.

Looking up he saw that Amber had placed her delicate mouth upon the now hardened nipple of his lovely brides left breast, a breast that heretofore had not felt the mouth of anyone but him. Lisa’s moan came from deep within her core.

Taking his tongue Brock explored every line and fold, tasting the juices that so freely flowed just as he felt a hand grabbing his engorged rod. A hand much different from that of his petite wife, the hand of his best friend, the hand of another man. It felt so good, stroking slowly from the very tip to the base the sensations, the warmth of the water, the taste of his beautiful wife, knowing that Amber was massaging and sucking on those perfectly formed breasts was almost more than Brock could take.

Just as Brock was sure that he was going to explode Tom released his grip and pulled himself out of the pool. Giving his hand to Brock helped him out as well. As Brock climbed out beside Lisa he saw that she and Amber were deep in a passionate kiss as they had began rubbing each others now engorged clits.

“Looks like these two did not want to wait for us once again.” Tom laughed “I hope you did not mind me touching you.”

Tom no sooner said this than Brock dropped to his knees and began to stroke the huge cock that now lay only inches from his face. Lifting the tip up slightly he ran his tongue from the base to the tip, tasting for the first time in his life the sweet musky taste of cock. Taking the tip into his mouth he found that the feeling of a man inside of him was a sensation that he greatly enjoyed and fell into a rhythm sliding the cock deep in his mouth as he massaged the balls that felt so full.

Lisa was lost in her own ecstasy. The soft gentle touch of another woman was something she had longed dreamed about and Amber was more than she ever imagined. The feel of her steaming juices fanned the flames of passion in her soul, the gentle touch of her mouth upon her erect nipples sent electricity through her bringing to life hidden and forbidden desires. Through half closed eyes she watched as Brock moved his head up and down Tom’s massive rod. As Amber slid her tongue down and across Lisa’s heaving breast she could hear Toms moans of pleasure.

Lisa screamed with the release of her orgasm as soon as Amber’s talented tongue worked its magic upon the small hood that covered her throbbing clit. Wave after wave of pleasure covered them both Amber cupped her mouth against Lisa’s flowing mound wanting not to loose a single drop. This was not the first woman that Amber had tasted but the closeness that she shared with Lisa for many years heightened her senses and brought her to orgasm as well.

Brock felt Lisa’s hand upon his thigh as she whimpered with the last remaining vestiges of self control as her climax gripped her consciousness. In that instant Brock felt Tom’s balls tighten as he moaned through gritted teeth “I’m cuming”. Instinct took a hold of Brock and he forced Tom’s exploding member deep in his throat as the pulsating lava filled his mouth as fast as he could swallow.

Exhausted Brock lay back surprised with his own desires and relieved that he now accepted and new who he was. Lisa held her face to his and outlining the gentle lines that time and concern had etched into the face of the man that she had fallen for more than fifteen years before whispered “I love you so much” then kissed him long and deep tasting the salty sweet tang of Tom’s cum in her husbands mouth.

Tom drew Amber to him and they both lowered themselves between Brock’s outstretched legs, the purple head of his still hard cock glistening with his pre-cum. All had experienced orgasms beyond anything they had experienced in the past, that is but for Brock. 

Lisa’s lips remained in their loving embrace as Amber, facing away, lowered her agile and tight form upon Brock’s raging member, filling her with his meaty presence. Tom lay prone upon the cool deck weak and lightheaded from the rush of unimagined pleasure he had just experienced.

The sight of Amber taking another man into her love tunnel brought Tom to his knees, their eyes locked for an instant as he lowered himself so as to allow him to run his tongue from the smooth surface of Brocks balls up across Amber’s stretched labia cupping her sensitive clit. Brock began to move gently inside of her but the evenings passions prevented him from lasting long in the grasp of Ambers love muscles. In massive contractions Brock’s seed shot deep into ambers waiting, longing orgasm that Tom brought forth with his guiding tongue.

“Tom do you think you two could stay the weekend?” was all that Brock could say as Lisa and Amber lay, exhausted across he and Tom’s heaving chests.

“I think this is but the beginning.”