 As I approached the hotel entrance I was feeling nervous, slightly afraid but just a little bit excited because I was about to have a threesome and neither of the men was my husband. Let me explain why.

I had taken out a loan to see my business over a cash-flow problem with a friend of ours who was also on the shady side of the law without my husband knowing about it and it was time to pay the loan off, the trouble was I couldn't pay; I had the capital repayment but not the interest.

I had an idea in how to work it out but it would take all of my fortitude to do it. I made an appointment with Tony who the loan was with.

"Hi Tina, how are you, your looking sexy as always," he said as I entered his office.

"Great Tony, I've come about my loan, its due for payment shortly, but there's a problem. I can pay the initial amount but not the interest at your rates," I said.

"Well you knew the terms when you came to me."

"I have a proposition that I think you might like." I said blushing slightly.

"Go one you've got my attention" said Tony.

Plucking up courage I went for it. "You know you've always fancied me, well how about you can have me one time, anything you want and the debts paid, but no one and I mean no one must know about it."

Tony looked stunned at first with the thing that I had just offered him, me. "Let me just check how much you owe," he said.

"Tony you know how much, now do we have a deal."

"Tina, you're a great looker and I want you but I don't think your worth it, I can get a hooker for less."

I nearly slapped his face but held back and waited for what else he had to say.

"I've got a counter offer for you, I think you're worth the capital repayment but not that and the interest," he said "now I've got a business partner who would have a share in this and I think he should benefit as well, so here's the deal. You do both for us for an afternoon and all debts are paid, up to you."

My blood ran cold on two accounts, the first that he should expect that I would take him and his partner on at the same time and also I had an idea for who he meant. "Is it Peter?"

"Yes".

"Oh God no. You know I hate him, I really need to think about this."

"Take your time babe but you came up with the initial offer and your loan is due."

I asked myself could I do it, if not what were the consequences, I had no choice.

"OK Tony, I'll do it, but one off afternoon, and if anything comes out, you know Mick will come for you, and you know what he can be like." My husband Mick is 6feet 2inches tall, 17.5 stone of solid muscle, who plays semi-pro rugby, off the field, he's as gentle as a lamb, but on it evil, and he is also very protective of me. If he found out he would probably kill them both and then me.

"Great be at the Excelsior Hotel tomorrow at noon I'll text you the room number, but first I want a look of what I'm getting." Tony said as he got up and came towards me.

I thought this might happen and was ready for it; I gave him a quick look at my boobs and just managed to evade his groping hands as I dashed out of his office as fast as I could.

So here I am at the Hotel at noon, my phone goes off with a text message "Room 412, knock and come in. It's party time!"

I gulped, composed myself and started for the lift, as I did so I got a good look at myself in the mirror, I looked stunning.

I was wearing a white semi transparent silk blouse, fairly low cut that gave a hit of the shape of my pert 34B boobs, a bouncy short red skirt that was cut mid thigh level, just short enough to be really sexy but not that short as to be slutty and bright red high heeled shoes, that showed off my long shapely legs to perfection. My long blond hair was in a ponytail. That was it no bra, no panties.

My hair and skirt swayed to perfection as I crossed the hotel lobby and entered the lift.

Room 412, I knocked and went in.

"What the fu..." Went Pete as the door opened and I walked in.

Tony said, "Hi Tina, Pete Tina here has a debt with us and has come along to work it off, as my partner I had to let you in on the deal."

As Tony said that I felt so ashamed feeling like a complete whore and went bright red, knowing what was to come and what I had to do.

Pete leered at me licking his lips and said "Tina you know what I said to you at the party a while back and you said it's never gonna happen."

"Yes." I barely whispered.

"It's gonna happen baby, oh is it gonna happen."

"Have you two got a private thing going?" Tony asked.

"No just Pete having fun at my expense and humiliation." I replied but Tony was right.

At a party a few months earlier, Pete had sidled up to me put his arm around my waist and started to gently caress my hip and bum and then he whispered in my ear. "Tina your gorgeous I would love to cum in your mouth."

I looked at him only slightly amazed as he is a bit of a bastard, stared him straight in the eye and replied. "Never gonna happen Pete, never gonna happen."

There were two reasons it wasn't going to happen, one I am happily married and two it's something I just don't like. I can't stand any man coming in my mouth, I'd done it a few times generally under duress at Uni and that is it. Even my husband only gets that sort of action on his birthday and our anniversary, unless I am really drunk and randy. He's great that way and never pushes it even though that is the thing he loves best; I'll suck him as part of foreplay but not to a finish.

"Come on Tina lets get the action going" said Tony as he and Pete walked towards me.

I told them to wait a minute and began to undo my blouse slipping it off my shoulders letting them see my bouncy 34B boobs with their hard small nipples; they couldn't believe I hadn't worn a bra. I undid the clasp at the top of my skirt, pulling the zip full down and let it slip off my hips to the floor and stood there before them naked.

Both guys advanced towards me with longing in their eyes, as they got close Tony kissed me took hold of my boobs and began to squeeze them hard, pulling on my nipples, meanwhile Pete had pushed his hand between my legs and cupped my mound, stroking my outer lips with surprising tenderness before inserting one finger into my pussy. I dropped my hand to both their groins and could feel the bulge of their expectant cocks.

I broke off from the kissing and groping and squatted in-front of them, showing them my pussy fully for the first time, like I had seen actresses do in porno movies. I unzipped their pants and got both cocks out. I bent my head towards Tony first and ran my lips around the pulsating head of his rather small cock, it couldn't have been more than five inches long and not very wide, no wonder he had issues. Pete on the other hand was of average length and girth, just enough for a girl to work with and enjoy.

I switched my oral attention to Pete and took him deep into my mouth, not deep throat but all the way into the back of my mouth. I kept up this action switching off between both cocks for about five minutes, whilst both of them fondled my tits.

What am I doing I thought, I'm sucking off two guys, who I don't particularly like and comparing the size of their cocks and thinking that one is a nice size to work with, I felt like a slut, and in some ways that spurred me on even more, as I was getting wet between my legs and my pussy was wanting some action.

Once again I stopped what we were doing and moved over to the bed and smiling at them said "preliminaries over guys, you want to fuck me well come on and fuck me." 

Tony pushed me onto the bed face down and positioning himself behind me pushed three fingers into my cunt, no warning, saying "that feels good nice and wet." 

Pete got on the bed in-front of me, took hold of his dick in one hand and my head in the other and fed his cock into my mouth again, this time with more force and a smile on his face that said to me he knew what was going to happen and how I didn't want it to.

Tony pulled his fingers from me and pushed his cock into my now ready pussy and began a short hard thrusting trying to get in as far as he could as he reached underneath me and found my clit and started to rub it. To my consternation and shame I was starting to get turned on a bit and started to push back on him.

Pete was still pushing into my mouth, getting deeper with each push until he was forcing his cock down my throat, triggering my gag action as I pushed him out. After that he eased back saying to me "now I know you can take it we can take our time and enjoy it." I raised my eyes to him and gave him a look that said I wouldn't enjoy it.

At this Tony said "if you're gonna fuck her mouth first them I'm gonna fuck her ass."

Before I could say "I don't do anal." He'd pulled his dick from my cunt and without preparing me in anyway, pushed it into my tight, virgin ass and then slammed it in all the way. I screamed round Pete's cock with the pain. Tony got into a rhythm, pounding my tight little ass hard, pulling slowly out then slamming all the way in as hard and far as he could. I was dry and the pain wasn't receding, but Tony kept on and on and on. I knew Tony would be rough and wouldn't mind if he hurt me but this seemed deliberate.

"You've got a nice ass," Tina he grunted. At least he wasn't big.

In contrast Pete had slowed down and seemed to be trying to be gentle, as though he wanted me to enjoy it. He had shortened his strokes and was just in my mouth allowing me to run my lips round the head of his cock, he bent over me and whispered in my ear, "Tony's always like this, try and ride it out he won't last long, and the second round will be even shorter."

Second round did I have to fuck these two more than once?

I decided to concentrate on Pete as Tony was just fucking me. I encouraged Pete to get deeper into my mouth and increase the pace as I ran my tongue round his cock getting it between his foreskin and the head and twirling it round and round, that got him bucking, I eased back and getting hold of his ass opened my throat and overcoming my hesitation pulled him fully into my mouth, deep throating him, I held him there for as long as I could, eased him out slightly then pulled him deep again, I was doing this time and time again, trying to hold him in deep longer and longer each time. Pete pulled back and began a gentle motion face fucking me but in a gentle way, it was as though he wanted me to enjoy what we were doing. It wasn't as bad as I expected with him. 

All the time Tony was still pumping into my now aching ass, I felt him suddenly shorten but speed up his strokes and without a word he came, shooting hot jets of cum into my ass, then simply slipped out and dropped to the floor. What a looser.

With this Pete increased the action in my mouth and I knew the part I was really dreading was about to happen, his breath started to come in short pants and he grabbed hold of my hair pinning me in place on his now throbbing cock. He pushed deep into my throat as he came, the first two spurts of hot salty cum shooting deep down my throat, he pulled back so his dick was just at the entrance to my throat and shot two more spurts into the back of my throat until finally pulling back so he was just in my mouth the rest of his cum splashing onto my tongue and filling my mouth, I wanted this to stop as soon as I could but Pete held me in place until I had swallowed all of his cum.

Pete pulled out of my mouth and leant over and said "thanks Tina that was better than I imagined it would be. I'll try and keep Tony inline for the rest of the session, but he is going to want your pussy and your mouth before we finish this."

I got off the bed and made a move towards my clothes but Tony said "where do you think you're going were not finished yet."

I looked at him and said "I told you I'd fuck the pair of you and I have, so now I'm leaving."

"No Tina you said you'd fuck us for one afternoon, now the rooms booked until tomorrow so no need to rush away."

I looked shocked thinking he couldn't expect me to stay the night could he?

"It's alright I know you've got to get home to hubby, I think we can continue this party until about four."

I looked at the clock I had two more hours to endure.

"Now come here Tina I want to fuck that nice little pussy of yours properly this time."

Pete came up to me and whispered in my ear, "fuck him slow at first then really quicken it up and he'll not last. He'll also want to come in your mouth for the finale."

"Okay," I said" but I don't want him or you near my ass again, I'll suck you off as much as you want today if you keep away from there."

"It's ok, I'm not an ass man and Tony won't go there again now he's had it. I'll think about the blowjobs though but all I want to do now is fuck you, I'm gonna hold back on this session for now, work on Tony"

I couldn't believe this Pete was being nice! It was as though he knew I couldn't refuse him anything.

I strolled over to the bed where Tony was lying on his back stroking his little dick. "Let's get this going, I didn't think I would enjoy this but I'm getting into it now." I said only half lying, I was slightly turned on more by the fact of what I was capable of than the physicality of it.

I straddled Tony and guided his cock into my eager pussy grinding down on him bending over so my tits fell into his face. He immediately began to lick and suck on my nipples getting them really big and hard and they are so sensitive any contact gets my juices flowing. I started a slow up and down motion on Tony raising up so his dick was nearly out of my cunt and then pushing back down hard onto him, I was getting into this when I realised I was now in control, Tony couldn't take what I was giving him. I can keep this up for a while and get the session over with without too much more humiliation.

I kept up this motion for as long as I could speeding up and slowing down so I controlled Tony's reaction I didn't want him to cum too soon, in fact I didn't want him to cum at all. I began to play with my clit and found my orgasm begin to build, I didn't want this I thought.

I felt Pete climb onto the bed and position himself behind me, "Oh No," I thought, "he said he didn't want my ass."

Pete was knelt behind me with his dick in his hand when suddenly I felt it at the entrance to my already filled pussy, he couldn't get it in there, could he? Pushing firmly and matching the timing of Tony's thrusts he forced his cock into my pussy, I was stretched beyond anything I could imagine. It didn't hurt I just felt stretched and full, fuller than at any time in my life.

Both of them kept up a steady thrusting into my responsive pussy, which was wet and slippery with my juices and as I became more comfortable with the feeling really began to thrust back at both of them, pushing my ass hard into Pete.

I felt my orgasm really begin to swell now and lost control of myself, my pussy was clenching on their cocks and I knew I was going to cum, soon. Pete pushed deep into me at the same time as tweaking one of my nipples, that was it I hit my climax I shuddered and let out a little gasp as my pussy clamped hard on Tony forcing him to shoot his cum into my wet hole. 

Pete was not far behind and shot load after load of cum deep into me as Tony slipped out of my pussy and my small climax stopped and I came down.

Pete stayed in me for about five minutes more before saying, "I'd love to take you up on the offer of you sucking me off again but I'm stopping now, I want to be fresh for the finish, when I get to fuck that nice little pussy of your again, you better make it good, I've been nice to you."

I looked at him and said "keep Tony from my ass and I'll make it very good for you.

I got off the bed and helped myself to a couple of glasses of champagne. 

Tony said "Tina sit over there and play with yourself so that we can both see it." 

Obeying his orders I sat on a chair facing both of them spread my legs so they could get a good sight of my dripping pussy and began to finger myself, soft and gently, if I was doing this then it would be for me. I gradually increased my pace and pressed harder feeling my excitement growing again and was nearly to my own orgasm when Tony said "Tina last act suck me off then you can go home."

Oh shit I thought this I really don't want to do as I approached the bed and kneeling over Tony took him into my mouth, Pete came up behind me and rubbed the outer lips of my cunt before slipping two fingers inside starting to finger fuck me. I could feel my pussy muscles contracting around his fingers.

Fortunately Tony wasn't as aggressive as I thought he would be with my mouth, I think he was so far gone, so for once I concentrated on him taking him long and slow into my mouth, I didn't need to do a proper deep throat as he wasn't that big, I just kept up a stead slow rhythm on him.

Pete in the meantime had slipped his larger cock into my now welcoming pussy and was thrusting his hips hard into my ass, this was hard and fast and I responded in kind I had got into the whole thing and wanted one more climax before we finished. Pete slipped a hand under me found my clit and started to rub and tease it. "Oh that's good." I thought guiltily.

Pete was intensifying his action on my clit and pussy and I knew he was close, I had to finish Tony off first, and then I could "enjoy" Pete's finish. I got Tony as deep as he could manage and ran my tongue round the head of his cock; he gasped and shot into my mouth. I got him out of my mouth as quickly as I could and didn't swallow any of his cum but he didn't seem to notice. But he wiped his cock, over my face and hair covering me in his sticky cum.

I pushed back hard now on Pete rotating my hips against him my orgasm growing as he played with my clit even more, as before his strokes slowed but lengthened and with a shout he shout his load deep into my wet hole. As he did this I hit my own orgasm which was more intense than my first.

I waited a few minutes to regain my composure and breath and then picked up my clothes heading for the bathroom when Tony said. "No just get dressed and leave I want to think about you going home with cum dripping out of your cunt and splashed over you."

I dressed as quickly as I could and red faced left the bedroom. Feeling like a whore, which in some ways I suppose I was.

As I sat in my car I got a bottle of water and tissue and washed as much of Tony's cum off my face as I could, I couldn't do much about my dripping pussy so grabbed a handful of tissue and sat on them, I reflected on what I had done and the surprising fact that I had not enjoyed it but had reached two climaxes in a situation like that. I knew two things, one I had to make this up to Mick without him knowing why and two I was never going to refuse him anything again, if I could do it with those two I could do it with the man I love more than anything in the world.

On the drive home, an idea formed in my mind that would rock his boat and assuage my conscious but how to pull it off?