 I woke in the arms of my friend and until last night, secret admirer, Ashleigh. Ash is about 5'5 with dark red almost rusty looking hair. She has hazel eyes and the best breasts of anyone I've ever known. I'm sure most of you already know who I am, but for those who don't my name is Tina Jiminez. I've known Ash for a couple of years, and had always half crushed on her. About six weeks ago, once a week, I'd find my favourite candies on my desk with a note that said "How I wish I could tell you how much I like you- Your Secret Admirer." I would talk to Ash about it, but she never said who she thought it was. Finally, I received a rose with her address in it when I arrived she looked stunning. After champagne sex sleep breakfast sex and more sex, this is where I am. I leaned over and kissed her. Ash's eyes fluttered open.

"Morning" I said and smiled

"Hey" she said and kissed me lightly

My eyes travelled down her body, noticing her curves like I never have before. She had goosebumps from the draft, and her nipples were hard. I couldn't take my eyes off of her little fleshy-brown nubs. I leaned forward and lightly licked her nipples. She shuddered and smiled softly. 

"I take it you missed me while we were sleeping." She said half laughing

I laughed and nodded slightly. "Yeah I did." I looked over at the clock. 

"Shit! We're gonna be late!" We had slept from yesterday afternoon straight through to 6:30 am this morning. Ash looked at the clock, and jumped up. She told me a while ago that she's like a demon when she's over slept. Ten minutes later while I was lacing up my boots, she came back into the living room wearing a pair of blue jeans, hiking boots a camouflage tank top with a black Adidas baseball jersey over it. She swept her medium length hair into a ponytail. Her eyes met mine and she smiled.

"What? Didn't you believe that I can be up ready and out the door in less than fifteen minutes?" 

I laughed and adjusted my T-shirt "Not at all, I just didn't think you could do it and look so sexy"

Ash blushed and kissed my lips. "If you only knew" she said and winked at me. We rushed out and walked the three blocks to school, and managed to make a complete stop at the vending machine. Ash got her usual honey bun and Pepsi, while I grabbed a bag of pretzels, a Pepsi and of course Reese cups. We munched on the way to class, and when we sat down next to each other Ash held my hand between the desks. I noticed people giving Ash little smiles and winks of approval. 

"Ash, what on earth is that about?" I asked.

"Well, everyone noticed how badly I was crushing on you and everyone knew I was the one leaving you candy and they never said a word to you about it."

I laughed "Good lord, woman, you are devious as hell" 

Ash laughed and said, "You wouldn't have me any other way"

I suddenly had a picture in my head of Ash tied to her bed completely at my mercy with my head buried between her legs. I shook off this disturbing image, and said "Oh yes I would" Just as Ash was about to reply, our professor began the lesson.

After class, Ash said she'd meet me after my next class because she needed to go to the library to do some research for her senior thesis. She kissed me and lightly nibbled my bottom lip "I miss you already" she whispered I pulled her into a hug, and kissed her neck. "Ditto" I said and ran off to my class. Out of the corner of my eye I saw Ash crash into a few lockers. Then I heard her voice "God dammit, Jake!" she yelled. Jake is her ex; he's 6'4 with curly dark hair and disturbing green grey eyes. I always thought he was a gorgeous guy, but Ash said he cheated on her and my feelings toward him turned into contempt. I heard Ash and Jake laughing, and thought the crisis was over. It's good to know that they're still friends. 

I would have gone to bail Ash out, but I was running late. I barely made it to class before the bell rang. My professor, Dr. Toby Andrews glared at me, but I blew him a kiss and winked at him. Toby and I had had a sort of affair. He's in his early 30's with blond hair and blue grey eyes. I had met him through my sister when I came to visit her dorm shortly after my high school graduation. Later that day I snuck to his office and the first thing he did was kiss me. Then we were having sex on his desk. When I enrolled here two years ago, I immediately signed up for his class. Toby and I had sex regularly until his girlfriend found out and broke up with him. Toby decided this was all my fault, and became a total dick to me. I think I saw him in the hall when Ash kissed me. A sharp voice drew me out of my thoughts. "Tina, I'd like to see you after class" Toby said 

"Ok, To-Dr Andrews." I sometimes stumbled over his name and started to call him Toby before realising that I should call him Dr Andrews. Toby smiled at me when I said this. I thought that was strange, normally he glares at me. I didn't have much time to dwell on my thoughts as Toby sprung a pop quiz on us. After 10 essay questions, the bell rang. "Whooo hoooo!" I thought, when Toby collected our papers. I hate essay questions, and Toby knows that. I used to think that he gave us essay questions just to piss me off, but he told me once that he hates reading pages upon pages so he tries to limit them. I started to leave when I heard him say "Tina, can I talk to you for a sec?" I hopped on to a desk across from his.

"Sure, Toby, what's up?"

He slid his hand up my thigh. "I saw you and Ash kiss this morning, are you lovers?" he asked

"Wow, Toby, nothing gets by you. You saw us kiss this morning, you should have seen what we did last night" I said and shook his hand off of my leg. I saw his eyes widen, and I knew from instinct that he was getting hard. 

"Look, Toby, Ash is supposed to meet me soon, can you hurry up?" I asked impatiently

"Yeah, sure. I was wondering maybe the three of us can get together sometime."

My jaw nearly hit the floor. Toby was a great lover, but nowhere near as good as Ash. The thought of me sharing my lovers with each other kinda turned me on. I thought for a minute. 

"I don't know, Toby I should probably talk to Ash about it first."

"Talk to me about what?" I heard Ash say. I jumped, and looked at Ash startled. Toby took the initiative, and said "I was just talking to Tina about the three of us getting together for dinner sometime." Ash knew I had an affair with Toby and she said "If it's all right with Tina, sure" I shot Ash an almost dirty look, but she smiled and mouthed the words "It'll be fun to fuck with his head" and winked. Toby looked at us and said, "Would tonight at my place be good?" Ash smiled and I said "Sure thing, we'll be there at 7." Toby hugged me and kissed Ash on the cheek and said, "Great, see ya later" We nodded and said "Bye!"

When we were out of the building, Ash lit a cigarette and asked

"So, why does Toby want us to come over?"

I lit my own and said "Cos he wants to have sex with us." Ash nearly choked.

"What? I thought you broke it off with him." She said

"Yeah, well he saw us kissing this morning and it made him horny." What can I say? Kissing her makes me horny too. "Weird" Ash said as we walked home.

When we walked in I pulled Ash close and kissed her. Her mouth opened slightly and I slowly slid my tongue in, stroking and coaxing hers. Her hands slid up my shirt and cupped my breasts. I felt my nipples harden under her touch and strain against the lace of my bra. Ash stroked my nipples with her thumbs. My hands left her waist and began to undo her jeans. My hands slid into the waistband of her panties, I could feel the warmth of her pussy and smell her arousal. I broke away from the kiss. 

"Ash? Let's go into the bedroom," I said softly. Ash nodded. When we got into the bedroom I laid her on the bed and kissed her breasts lightly. I reached behind her and found two black scarves. I tied her wrists to the bedpost. Ash squirmed in anticipation. I kissed her once again, while my hands travelled up and down her body. I then kissed down her neck, her breasts and I licked her nipples while my hand began to stroke her pussy. I rolled my thumb around her clit while my index finger slowly slid in and out of her. She began to moan slightly. I kissed down her stomach, her mound, and her outter lips. I pulled my finger out and licked it, savouring her taste. My hands fastened around her hips and I said "Hold on tight, you're in for it."

I slowly slid my tongue up and down her dripping slit, pushed it in a little and began to slowly stroke her inner walls. She began to squirm and whimper, begging me to go faster. I responded to this by pulling my tongue out and licking her clit slowly. So slowly that a three toed sloth would have crossed the Autobahn before I was done. I slid a finger in and moved it in and out just as slowly as I was licking her clit. I could feel her muscles tensing as an orgasm the size of Texas began to build. She was begging for the release. I licked and fucked her slowly for half and hour, and then I began to subtly speed up until I could feel mini orgasms surging throughout her. Finally I licked my tongue became a tornado while she began to scream the house down. 

She had an orgasm so big her juices covered my face and dribbled down my hand. By this time I was really really horny, so I climbed on top of Ash in a 69 and as she ate my dripping pussy I began to clean hers out. She slid a finger into me while her thumb stroked my clit. I pushed back so that I was fucking her finger. I began to moan as her finger hit my spot. Her tongue circled around my anus as I felt an orgasm building. I finger fucked my beautiful lover as she tongued me. "Ohhhh God Ash, I think I'm gonna cum! Ash!" I screamed as I began to shake. Ash was shaking underneath me as she ran her tongue around my clit and I felt my dam burst as an orgasm shook me from my head to my toes and back up again. Ash screamed into my pussy as her orgasm ripped through her. I untied her, and then we collapsed in a heap on her bed. 

At 5:00 we finally came to. Ash looked at the clock and said "Yipe! We need to get ready to go to Toby's" I looked at her and leaped up, and ran to the shower. When I came out ten minutes later, Ash was laying out a midnight blue silk dress with a scoop neck and a scoop back, along with midnight blue heels and flesh coloured stockings. She laid out a blue silk garter belt and a blue thong. I could picture her in this perfectly and was turned on again. As I pulled out a black velvet dress, I noticed she was putting her hair up. 

"Ash? Why don't you leave your hair down?" I said Ash shrugged and brushed her hair out again before running into the bathroom and giving her face and genitals a quick wash. I pulled my dress over my head and decided not to wear any stockings. I was pulling up my panties when Ash stepped out of her bedroom fully dressed. I wanted to rape her on the spot. The blue dress made her hair seem more rust coloured and it brought out the flecks of green in her beautiful eyes. "Ash, you look beautiful," I said. Ash blushed slightly and said "So do you"

I laced up my thigh high heeled boots as Ash grabbed our coats. I kissed her cheek and whispered softly "You are definitely the most beautiful creature god could make" Ash giggled as we walked out.

We got to Toby's at exactly 7:00. Toby answered the door in a navy sweater and a pair of black jeans. 

"Good evening ladies" Toby said and offered us wine. We sat on his leather sectional, he handed me a glass of red wine and Ash a glass of white. We began to talk, mostly about sex. Toby has always been a horny little boy. Ash began to stroke my thigh and she motioned for Toby to come sit next to her. When Toby sat down, she leaned over and kissed him. She undid his jeans and slowly stroked his cock. Toby flinched slightly as her breath misted around him. 

Ash began to lick up his shaft, she swirled her tongue around the underside of the head. His hips began to buck slightly, and Ash motioned for me to move. I got up and sat in the chair that Toby was in, and watched as Toby laid on the couch with Ash riding him. Seeing his hard dick pumping in and out of my lover's pussy was turning me on. I reached under my dress and started to finger myself. Ash looked over at me while I fingered myself with one hand and rubbed my nipple with the other. As Ash watched me, I watched her, she began to ride Toby's dick harder and faster as he grunted and she moaned. I wanted her and she wanted me and Toby wanted all of us. 

"Ash!" I yelled, "I want you! NOW!" Ash and Toby came to me and Ash got down on her knees and ate me like a rabid wombat. Toby began to fuck her doggy style as her tongue danced over my clit and her fingers fucked me harder. She was nearing orgasm and as she began to scream into my cunt, the vibrations of her voice and her tongue made me explode. Toby shouted out that he was going to cum. Ash tongued me faster and as she came I could see Toby tense and fuck her faster. Toby grunted as he shot his load into Ash's cunt, Ash moaned as her pussy clamped down around his cock and milked it and I screamed the roof down as I came so hard I passed out. Somewhere in the dimness of nothing, I heard a voice say "Same time next week?"