 Janine gazed at her reflection in the mirror, very pleased with the results. Not bad for a 40 year-old woman, not bad at all. She was about to turn a busy day into a fun-filled night and was dressing the part. Her hair was done perfectly and sprayed into place. Her makeup highlighted her bedroom brown eyes. Her lipstick, bright red on full lips, made her mouth look as though she was begging to suck cock, an effect heightened by her large red hoop earrings. She had her nails lacquered in bright red as well, sure to catch the attention of any man at the bar. At 5'5 and 160 lbs., Janine loved knowing she could carry off a slut look. 

The outfit she would wear was laid out on her bed. Janine chose the push-up bra, followed by a low-cut red blouse that perfectly highlighted her 36C breasts. She pulled on a black shiny miniskirt with a wide black belt, then slid black hosiery up her shapely legs. Turning back to the mirror, she lifted a leg onto the dresser and sensually caressed her calf, thrilled with the look of her red nails on the sheer black nylon. Smiling, she slid on a pair of bright red classic pumps with 5-inch heels that perfectly matched her blouse and completed her outfit with a black button-up jacket. She looked like sex and she knew it.

David walked into the room and instantly felt his 7-inch cock stir.

"My God, Janine, you look like you're ready to fuck the first guy you see!", exclaimed her husband of fourteen years.

Janine laughed and sat down on the bed, extending a stockinged leg in the air. David stared at the bright red heel and slowly let his gaze drift up to her chest. He finally rested his eyes at her mouth, where she was casually sucking on a red-tipped index finger. Her red lips around her red-tipped finger made him want to shove his dick in her right then and there.

"I don't know about that", Janine replied in a husky voice. "I want to play for a long time tonight!"

David knew what that meant. One of Janine's favorite games when she was in this kind of mood was to go to a bar, sit alone in one of the stools, and make a big show of crossing her nyloned legs. She'd lean forward, showing off her ample cleavage to anyone who glanced her direction. She'd slowly recross her legs, allowing one of her pumps to dangle precariously. Once she had her drink, she would stare out over the crowd and slowly stir it, often running her tongue up and down the straw as though it were the shaft of a hard cock. From there it was just a matter of time before some horny guy approached her, setting the stage for an evening of cockteasing. David would sit a discreet distance away, watching his sex-crazed wife squirm on her barstool as guys crowded around her. That would be the game tonight, and David could barely keep his eyes off of his sex-candy wife as they drove. After what seemed an eternity, they pulled in to the parking lot.

Janine made David wait outside while she entered the bar, feeling the gaze of several men as she clicked her way to a barstool. The bartender stuttered a bit when he took her order, his eyes drawn to her breasts. The overweight white middle-aged guy to her left glued his eyes to her, staring hard at her stockings and the garter clip that revealed itself just beneath the hem of her skirt as she crossed her nylon-encased legs for the first time. Janine slowly brought a red nail up to her lips, pretending to be disengaged as she wrapped her tongue around it as though lost in thought. The stool to her right, which had been empty, was now occupied by a twenty-something nerdy guy who was fascinated by the mature vixen beside him. Yes, her evening was definitely going to be a great escape from the ordeal of everyday life.

David walked in and looked for her. He immediately saw that she had already attracted attention. At a table in front of the bar, a group of guys – probably on some kind of boys night out – were openly gawking at Janine as she dangled a red pump. The bartender put a drink in front of her and she made a big show of leaning forward to take it, giving the bartender a good view down her low-cut blouse. She then turned around to face the group of men, all of whom had long since given up any pretense of conversation. Suddenly, Janine knew what she wanted.

Turning to the fat guy on her left, she put a hand on his thigh, brought her red lips to his ear and whispered: "I can see you want me. Too bad. But I hope you'll watch what I'm about to do. I want you to jerk off for me when you get home." The overweight guy gasped and nodded dumbly. 

Twisting to her right, Janine traced the cheek of the young nerd with her red nails and gazed into his eyes. When she was sure he was completely charmed, she put her mouth on his. After getting over his initial shock, the young man kissed back hard. Their tongues danced for a few moments. Janine pulled away when she felt his hand trembling on her leg and noticed the unexpected bulge in his pants. "You're cute", she said lustily. "I want you to watch me with those guys down there. Then, when you get home tonight, I want you to beat your big cock while you pretend you're fucking me. My name is Janine. Scream it when you squirt for me." The poor guy was so shocked that Janine couldn't resist lightly squeezing his dick through his jeans as she slid off the barstool.

David, watching from a few feet away, smiled as his gorgeous sex-bomb of a wife approached the table full of guys. They wasted no time in making room for her, inviting her to sit with them. She did so in such a way that she was still showing off her legs and shoes to most of the bar after she was seated. She then put her elbows on the table and leaned forward, giving the men a great view almost all the way down her blouse. 

The guys were, in fact, on a boys' night out. All seven of them were either married or had girlfriends. They introduced themselves one at a time, but Janine didn't give a flying fuck about their names. Their ages ranged from Paul, the youngest at 25, to Scott who was the oldest at 63. They were all babbling on about how they knew each other, and Janine took the opportunity to pretend she was listening while she grasped an ice cube between her thumb and forefinger. Staring forward and leaning over even further, she pushed the ice in and out of her mouth with her red nails. She swirled her tongue around it, the water dripping all over her fingers. Finally, she dropped what was left of the ice and licked the water off of her fingers one by one. The men had slowly stopped talking, some in mid-sentence, each of them mesmerized by Janine's obvious simulation of licking cum off her hands.

Paul, the youngest guy sitting immediately to Janine's left, couldn't help himself anymore. He slowly began fondling her thigh. David, Janine's husband, smiled to himself as he watched the young man stroke her thigh. He knew what was going to happen next. Janine leaned into Paul and moaned slightly, while the other men began positioning themselves to discretely touch her. They took turns stroking her legs, kissing her neck, and generally feeling her up as best they could without getting booted from the bar while Janine giggled and moaned and played along. She even placed her legs in one guy's lap, grinding his cock for almost twenty minutes under her red heels. He was sweating and breathless when she finally, mercifully, stopped.

After almost an hour of torturous teasing, all the while being touched and fondled by each of the seven men, Janine stood up and announced loudly: "Ok. Enough of this. I'm heading back to my place. I want eight men tonight. That's all seven of you and one more. My pick. Anyone who doesn't want to cum to my place gets replaced."

Janine could almost hear the other men in the bar praying that one of the guys at the table would wimp out. Scott, the oldest, came up behind her and whispered in her ear. "Just pick the cock you want to join us, Sweetie. We're all going to fuck you. That's what you want. I could fucking tell when you walked in here. Oh, and maybe you should grab your husband over there. He's been staring this whole time and I saw you wink at him. You're wearing your ring so I know you're married. Grab him and lets go back to your place. You're getting gang-banged tonight, Sweetie!"

With that, Scott roughly pulled Janine backwards, causing her to moan loudly as her ass ground against his hard cock. Paul, the youngest man, stood in front of her and kissed her hard while Scott humped her mini-skirted ass. The other guys stood in a circle and watched the action, blocking David's view. Janine reluctantly pushed Scott and Paul away, opening the circle of men and allowing David to gaze at her again. She strutted over to the two guys she'd spoken to earlier at the bar and motioned for them to come close to her.

"I'm going to fuck all seven of those guys tonight plus the one over there", Janine told the fat guy and the nerd as she motioned towards her husband. "They're going to put their cocks inside of me. I'm going to suck them off. I'm going to let them jerk for me. Anything they want to do. I told both of you earlier and I fucking mean it – pull your dicks for me tonight. Think of me getting fucked by all those men, my legs in the air, my spike heels casting a shadow on the wall, my cunt and mouth getting filled with spunk, cum running down my lips." Then she smiled and turned away, wiggling her perfect ass as she joined the group of men. She crooked a finger at her husband and beckoned him to join.

David leaped up from his seat and tossed a twenty on the table to cover his tab. He followed the group outside the bar and smirked as one of the guys lifted up Janine's skirt. He'd seen this before; they'd never make it home. Just as David knew would happen, one of the men began to rub Janine's dripping snatch.

"Holy fuck, this bitch is fucking drenched!" 

That did it. Janine felt herself being touched all over, right in the parking lot. Hands reached into her blouse and pulled out her tits. Her nipples were rigid and were soon being sucked by eager mouths. The men guided her to the back of the building and formed a circle around her, shoving her down on an old couch that the bar had just thrown out in the alley. She couldn't remember the last time she had been so turned on, and she wasn't about to stop.

David stepped back and watched as the frustrated men, teased to the brink, descended on his wife. He heard her moan and knew she wouldn't leave the alley until she had drained every cock right then and there. It wasn't long before the youngest guy produced a condom and buried his dick in Janine's dripping cunt, her legs wrapped around his waist as he fucked her on the couch, her red heels digging into his sides. Janine turned her head slightly and accepted someone's cock in her mouth, slobbering and sucking on the shaft while she smeared her lipstick all over the hard tool. Another man started pulling his cock, and she was just about to reach up to grab it when he exploded all over her tits. She ran her fingers through the cum, and the sight of her red nails moving through the semen was too much for Paul, who filled the condom inside of her. At almost exactly the same time, the cock in her mouth blew a load down her throat.

Feeling the young man twitch and buck inside her cunt as he came, along with having a load of cum dumped in her mouth, brought Janine to a loud orgasm. Her moans filled the alleyway as Scott, the older man, unzipped his cock and grabbed one of Janine's legs. Scott began beating his cock on Janine's red heel while holding her leg in front of him. Janine moaned and began sucking on her finger, encouraging the gray-haired man to squirt all over her shoe and stockinged leg. David thought the man's white cum spurting on his wife's black nylon looked extremely hot, and he began to slowly rub his cock. God, she could still make him hard after all these years!

The other four men moved in for their turn. Janine propped herself on all fours and grabbed the hard dick closest to her mouth. Another hard cock entered her from behind. Soon she was moaning and thrashing as her snatch was plowed for the second time that night. She looked up at the owner of the cock she was sucking and soon felt hot cum filling her mouth again. She opened her mouth slightly to let the cum drip from her still-red lips and turned around to look at the guy who was fucking her doggy style. Seeing her brown eyes with their look of pure lust, her perfect hair with bits of cum in it, and the cum dripping from Janine's mouth was almost too much for the guy. He took another look at her legs and spiked heels, the way her short skirt covered her ass; he saw the cum still on her red shoes, and he could no longer control his orgasm. He blew hard into his condom. Janine screamed as she came, then turned on to her back.

The final two guys had been pulling their cocks and staring at the scene. They moved towards Janine, but before they could get their dicks near her holes she reached up and started jerking them, her red nails flying over the hard cocks. The guys rolled their eyes back and came almost simultaneously, blowing cum all over her hands and blouse, squirting in her face and on her skirt. 

Janine slowly sat up to wild applause. David calmly walked over to her and put himself in her mouth. She licked and sucked him as the crowd chanted "Cum! Cum! Cum! Cum! Cum!". Janine saw one guy pulling his dick again, then watched as he came all over himself. She took her husband deep down her throat as the crowd applauded and yelled its approval, then rubbed herself to a third orgasm as David filled her mouth. She smiled, letting the cum drip down the sides of her mouth.

"Thank you", Janine calmly said to the crowd. She stood up, pulled down her short skirt, and walked with the group back to the front of the bar. Seeing the two guys from earlier were still there, she flashed them a cum-filled smile. The fat guy and the nerd both looked like they'd fall off their seats. She laughed as her and David headed to the car.

"You are one hot fucking slut", David told his wife.

"I know", Janine replied, "but just wait until you see what we're doing tomorrow night!"

David smiled as a wave of lust went through him...

The End