 "I'm standing on a beach. I can feel the sand beneath my feet. I can...smell the ocean. I can hear the waves crashing, and it all just feels so familiar to me. I don't look around; I can't see what's out there, but...somehow...I just know. I know because I've been there."

"Okay, so this is an actual dream. Right?" Coach Steven Blue asked. "This isn't something you are seeing...er...in a person or whatever?"

"Nope." Nina said. "This is just a dream I keep having. But...it's not like my other dreams."

"You mean...it's not like a regular dream?"

"No," Nina said. "It's not. This dream...it doesn't feel like a dream. It almost feels like a memory."

Coach Blue was sitting behind his desk, casually. Nina Knockers was pacing back and forth, deliberately, across from him as the two tried to decipher the meaning behind the strange occurrences in Nina's life.

"Alright so tell me what happens when you get sucked into the water."

Nina placed her hands on the head of the chair in front of his desk. She straightened her arms and sighed.

"I guess I...I don't know. I guess I...drown."

"You...you drown?"

"Yeah...well, not really." Nina replied. "I start to drown, but I guess...sort of...in the process of drowning...it just kind of stops."

"What stops?" Coach Blue asked, his hands propped behind his head.

"The drowning." Nina said. "Everything. I don't know."

"Everything...just stops?"

"Yeah..." Nina said, dreamily. "It's like...I'm not drowning anymore. But I'm not breathing, either. I start sinking, you know, into the water. But after a while it's like all the water just sort of vanishes."

Coach Blue nodded to let Nina know he was listening. The busty brunette continued.

"And I'm just in this dark void. And I'm falling...and I know it has an end, but I never reach it! And every time I have this dream I fall just a little bit deeper..."

"And what happens after you...reach the end?"

"I don't know." Nina said, her voice taking a more down to earth tone. "I've never made it that far. I always wake up."

"That's...the whole dream?"

Nina looked at her coach as though she had something she wanted to tell him, but ultimately decided against it.

"Yeah." She said. "That's it. I keep...wondering what's going to happen when I finally reach the end of the abyss."

"You've got me wondering now, too." The coach said.

Nina looked at her coach and gave a small laugh of relief. She felt as though she had unloaded a huge burden. She was beginning to grow accustomed to these little talks with her coach, and she had hardly even caught him staring today.

The two were busy basking in each other's presence; a clam, non-awkward silence slowly filling the room.

Coach Blue opened his mouth to speak, but was cut off when he heard a knock at the door. Startled, he changed his tone and cleared his throat before opening his mouth again.

"Ahem." He said. "Who is it?"

The visitor didn't bother answering the question. Instead both Nina and Coach Blue found themselves staring at the door as it slowly swung open. To their surprise the new assistant coach walked in.

"Hey, Blue Balls." The coach said as he crept into the room. "I just thought I'd-"

He stopped in mid-sentence as he saw Nina Knockers' beautiful face. She had her head turned in her seat and was staring at him as though he was interrupting, as was Coach Blue.

"What do you want, Dick?" Coach Blue asked, hastily.

"Nothing, nothing." The assistant coach said as he stepped in. "I just wanted to drop in. Didn't realize you had company."

The room was silent as he nonchalantly made his way over to the desk and leaned against it next to Nina. His gaze wandered to the busty brunette's huge chest, and Nina could feel him eye-humping her massive melons.

"Well, hey, Nina!" the coach said as enthusiastically as he could. Nina could also hear a small hint of sarcasm dripping from his tongue. "You look amazing today."

"Thanks." The brunette said in an annoyed tone.

Coach Dick now put on a serious voice.

"I noticed you out on the court the other day. You've got a lot of bounce!"

"Thanks." Nina said again, growing increasingly impatient.

"Man!" the coach went on. "I love watching you play! I saw you bust one for three, too! That was a great play! I thought to myself 'Wow, I'll bet she loves busting those big ones!'"

Nina gave a small shrug as she stared up at the coach with disdain. She didn't bother to answer him.

Coach Dick now looked directly at her as his face grew more serious. When he spoke, even his tone had grown in sincerity.

"So how 'bout it, Nina?" the coach asked, his eyes looking directly at the busty brunette. "Ever busted a really big one?"

"Yeah, I'm gonna go." Nina said as she hastily stood up. She walked out from around her chair and made a beeline for the door.

"Nina!" Coach Dick called after her. He let the next words fly from his mouth as soon as he thought Nina had given him leeway. "I'm having a small get-together at my place this weekend -- a pool party. Players only. You should come by."

Nina stopped, abruptly. She turned around and tried to pierce a hole through Coach Dick's arrogant face.

"Drop dead." She said. She then turned to her other coach. "See ya later, Coach Blue."

The two men eyed her luscious rear shamelessly as the busty brunette made her way out. It seemed that once she'd had her back turned she was fair game for staring.

As soon as the door shut behind her Coach Dick let out a long, low whistle.

"Damn!" he said. "Somewhere out there is a group of beautiful models just PRAYING to her!"

"What do you want, Dick?" Coach Blue asked for the second time. He was somewhat peeved that his arrogant assistant had run off the busty bombshell, and he was in no mood to beat around the bush. "And what's this about a pool party?"

Coach Dick could hear the anger and fear in his boss's voice. He was angry and afraid that his assistant might soon be surrounded by the bustiest babes Breastord had to offer, and that they'd be wearing bikinis to boot.

"Relax." He said, sitting down in the chair Nina had just gotten up from. "You're invited, too. I wouldn't dream of having any sort of gathering with our basketball players without consulting you first."

Coach Blue utterly ignored the sarcasm in his voice. He was just relieved that his arch-enemy would not be alone with all those big-breasted teens.

"Well, alright then." He said. "But I'll have to check my schedule."

"C'mon, Blue. You and I both know you don't have anything else to do."

The head coach now had a somewhat distraught look on his face. There was always the possibility of Gretchen, but lately he had taken to just staying at home and ducking his wife. That was probably where he would wind up if he did not attend this gathering, and as much as he hated the sight of Coach Dick he loved the sight of busty bikini-babes in their teens even more.

"Well, I guess I could stop by." He said.

"Not so fast..." Coach Dick said, causing a look of slight confusion to fall across Coach Blue's face. "I've got a proposition for you."

Coach Blue bent forward in his seat and rested his arms on top of his desk.

"I don't know if I like where this is going..." he said.

"Look, it's nothing." Coach Dick replied. "It's just that...I'd really like to spend some time alone with the girls. I feel like all they ever really know me as is 'your assistant coach.' I want them to know that there is a man behind the title, and I want them to know who that man is."

"Aha!" Coach Blue said, standing up and pointing a finger at his assistant. "I knew that's what this is about! You don't want me there!"

Coach Dick put his hands up in front of his chest as though someone was pointing a gun at him.

"Whoa...whoa!" he said. "Take it easy, man. It's not like that! It was just a thought. You're more than welcome to come if you want."

"Yeah..." Coach Blue said, slowly taking his seat again. "Whatever the hell you say. I'm coming, and you're not gonna convince me otherwise."

"Alright, Coach. That's cool; the more the merrier! But..."

"What 'but'?" Coach Blue asked with an annoyed expression. This conversation was beginning to feel somewhat repetitive.

"It's nothing." Coach Dick said. "It's just that if you come to my party you might miss out on a really fun time with Barbara and Beth."

Coach Blue had a blank expression on his face. He stared at Coach Dick as though he had just given him some bad news.

"What the hell are you talking about?" the coach asked of his assistant.

"Well, see...I arranged for the three of you to have a late supper together. Followed by...well, I'll leave that up to you."

"You're kidding me, right?" Coach Blue asked as though the answer was an obvious no.

"No, no..." Coach Dick answered. "C'mon, Blue. I wouldn't lie about something like this."

"Yeah you would." His boss replied.

"No." Coach Dick said. "Not about this. Not about Barbara and Beth."

"Barbara and Beth..." Coach Blue stated in a half question. "Barbara Biguns and Beth Bust...the committee members?"

"That's right." Coach Dick said. "They said they'd love to have you over...after I, sort of, built you up a little of course."

Coach Blue squinted at the other coach from across the desk.

"Why are you being so nice to me?" he asked. "I mean, first Paula and Natalie...now Barbara and Beth?"

"Look...I'm just doing what friends do. This is what they do, right? Scratch each other's backs? I'll scratch your back, and you scratch mine."

Coach Blue was still eyeing him suspiciously.

"What do you get out of all this?" he asked.

"I already told you..." the assistant coach said. "I just want the girls to get to know me. ME. Not just the 'me' they see on the court."

"Riiiiiiiight..." Coach Blue said, sarcastically.

Coach Dick sighed.

"Alright, fine. I'll level with you." He said. "Do I think some of those girls are attractive? Hell yes I do! I mean, you've seen them. They're....they're...unbelievable!"

Coach Blue now sat back as he really began listening to what the other man had to say.

"I guess a small part of me thinks that I would one day like to have a relationship with one of these girls."

Now Coach Blue raised an eyebrow as though he was shocked at his confession. At the same time, however, he felt his expression was as transparent as his assistant's ruse.

"I mean, don't get me wrong!" Coach Dick continued. "It's not like I want to...become romantic with these girls or anything. That's not me; this is all just sort of like...wishful thinking I guess. I know I'll never have a chance with these girls, for so many reasons. But at the same time I figure...it never hurts to plant a seed."

Coach Blue now sat up and nodded. Everything Coach Dick was saying was what he would expect to come out of his mouth, or any man's mouth for that matter. The hope, the realization, being at war with yourself...it was all dead on in this place.

Coach Dick's plan of attack was much different than his own. Where his plan had been abrupt, on the spot, and somewhat unconventional Coach Dick's was a more noble and traditional one. He seemed to actually believe that getting these girls to get to know him and vice versa was the way to go, but Coach Blue understood that these girls were not normal girls and they required abnormal methods in order to bed them. He had made it farther with Brittany and Brooke than Coach Dick could ever dream. He might get to see them in their bikinis, but Coach Blue had seen them bare-chested.

His mind was even more assured as he thought back to the fact that he had a wife. Although he was positive his new assistant had already cheated on his wife with a few members of the committee he also understood the type of woman he usually went for. They were models. They were older. They were busty. They were Paula, Natalie, Barbara, and all the other members of the Cantaloupe Committee. He already had his hands full with that bunch; there was no time and barely any motivation for him to bed their daughters.

"So...that's it?" Coach Blue said. "You just want to...kill two birds with one stone?"

Coach Dick nodded.

"That's all. Get out from behind your shadow, and plant my seed."

Coach Dick could tell his boss was still straddling the fence on the matter.

"C'mon, Coach...." he said to his boss. "Think about it. Think about your wife! Think about all the horrible things she's done to you! Look at what she's made you! This is your chance, man. This is your chance to get back at her. How much would it piss her off to know you had slept with two hot women like Barbara and Beth?"

Coach Blue nodded slowly as his thoughts on the matter came to a close.

"Alright." He said. "I'll do it. Just...one question though..."

"Sure." Coach Dick said, sitting back and crossing his arms.

"Couldn't you have arranged for me to have dinner with Barbara and Beth on another night? That way, I could have my date and go to the party?"

"I thought of that." Coach Dick said, rubbing his chin thoughtfully. "The women in this town are weird about having the sex talk with their daughters. Remember the last time I set you up with Paula and Natalie? They told me that Gretchen and Nina were asking too many questions."

Coach Blue nodded as he started to comprehend what his assistant was saying.

"I figured this would be a great way to get Brooke and Brittany out of their parents' houses without getting too nosy. Besides, you wouldn't want your after-school activities flaunted everywhere by some teenage girls, would you?" Coach Dick said.  

"Yeah, I guess you're right." Coach Blue replied. He wanted to comment further on the matter, but decided not to. He was afraid he might let something slip, or that his assistant might catch on to things he had done.

"Yeah." Coach Dick said as he stood up. "See? Everyone wins."

Coach Blue stood up now as well.

"You and I both know that there's no such thing as a game where everyone wins. There's always a winner; there's always a loser."

"Whatever." Coach Dick said as he shook his head. "Look, I gotta get going. I'll see ya around, Blue Balls."

A moment later Coach Blue was left alone in his office as Dick walked out.

* * * * * * *

The weekend came as fast as it was destined to go. Coach Steven Blue had spent the better part of the week waiting for this one day, this one night; this one small chunk of the evening. He now stood on the doorstep of the Biguns' house...home to the busty blonde teen Brooke and her rack-of-a-mother Barbara.

He knocked on the door, and a moment later he was greeted by the sight of Barbara Biguns and her friend Beth Bust.

Coach Blue was almost taken aback by what he saw.

Both women were wearing tight-fitted turtleneck sweaters. Their boobs were practically jutting out into the night air as Barbara opened the door. Barbara's sweater was black, but the material was stretched thin enough to make it look a bit lighter. She was wearing a brown skirt which stopped somewhat high above the knee. Coach Blue thought that it looked somewhat professional; perhaps something she wore during the workday.

Beth was wearing a similar outfit. Her sweater was a white one, but unlike Barbara's the stretching of her top by her enormous jugs almost made the material see-through. Coach Blue thought that if he stared hard enough he could make out the outline of her bra. Her skirt was a black one, and it looked more formal than anything else. The awe-inspired coach could see that it had 'layers,' but most appealing of all was probably the fact that it hung a little lower than Barbara's and fit like a sheath around her thighs.

"Wow!" the coach exclaimed as he took in the sight of the two busty women. "You ladies look amazing!"

"Come in." Barbara offered, as she stepped aside and opened the door wider.

Coach Blue stepped inside eagerly. He could view the dining room from the door, and he noticed that the table had already been set. Not only that, but the food had been served as well.

"I hope you don't mind if we get straight to dinner..." Beth said as she walked up beside her friend Barbara. "Barb and I are kind of hungry."

Coach Blue thought for a second. He had been looking forward to this night for quite some time, but he had never really pictured exactly how things would go. In his mind he would simply go straight from the door to their bras, but he opted to realize that that just wasn't plausible.

"Sure, I don't mind." He said. "I'm kind of hungry myself."

The two women gave small, barely noticeable frowns to each other as they suddenly felt Coach Blue's eyes on their massive chests.

"Okay." Barbara said, as she and Beth took a few steps into the hallway. "Right this way."

A few steps more and they were standing in the dining room. Barbara walked to the far end of the table and sat down. Coach Blue followed suit as she gestured for him to sit down on the end. As he did so he took note of Beth seating herself on his other side...across from Barbara.

The trio began eating their meal. Conversation was scarce; the only words spoken were of work-related issues and community happenings. Coach Blue could not take his eyes off their massive racks. He loved the way they jutted into the edges of the table, even though the women were seated comfortably. He especially loved how their tight sweaters hugged their chests so perfectly, and made them look even sexier.

Beneath the table his cock was throbbing, and he began to grow restless. His leg began shaking nervously as he hoped time would go by faster. Sitting at a table with two big-breasted women was a real treat, but lying in bed with them was an even better one.

"I...I'm finished." He said, with the highest of hopes.

The two busty MILFs stopped their eating motions and gave each other surprised looks.

"Oh?" Beth said. "So soon?"

"Yeah..." Coach Blue answered. "I couldn't eat another bite."

Barbara put down her fork and let it fall on a plate.

"Well...I suppose Beth and I could skip one meal. It never hurts to watch your figure, after all."

Coach Blue eyed both of the busty women's massive racks.

"Your figures look fine to me..." he said, alternating his gaze between Barbara and Beth.

The two women laughed nervously at each other for a moment, before turning to the coach at the end of the table.

"Should we have a glass of wine, then?" Beth asked.

"Absolutely!" the coach exclaimed, and a few moments later the three were getting up from the table and walking out of the room.

* * * * * * *

For Coach Daniel Dick the night seemed to be moving just as slow. He had been searching all night for an opportunity to mend things with the busty duo of Brittany Bust and Brooke Biguns, but such an opportunity had yet to present itself. He had even tried several times to force an opportunity by beginning a conversation, but he was almost always side-tracked by another pressing matter. Having all these girls in his home had proven to be a bigger responsibility than he had thought. All he wanted to do was have one more shot at the busty duo, but he also couldn't let a single girl go home that evening without having anything but good things to say to their mothers.

The night had grown even darker as Brooke swiftly and quietly made her way out the back door. Behind her, Brittany was closely following at her heels. Brooke brought a finger to her lips and shushed her friend as she closed the sliding glass door behind her.

Inside the house Coach Dick was startled as he heard a door close. Deciding to inspect the situation, he made his way out the kitchen and into the back hallway. He peered around the corner and out the door and was immediately met with one of the most beautiful sights he had ever seen.
