 Breastford seemed unusually brisk as Coach Steven Blue stepped out of his car and began making his way into the school. He had been making up excuses for each night he and Nina had had an appointment, but tonight was also the night the school principal - Evelyn Evers - had asked him to meet with her. As a result he had scheduled his counseling session with Nina earlier than usual, and despite his many hours of being at the school after-hours he felt even more awkward showing up as the last of the school-stragglers were staggering out. 

As he entered the school through the gym entrance he noticed that among the school's stragglers was the busty blonde duo of Brooke Biguns and Brittany Bust. 

Brooke and Brittany had been in mid-conversation as the door opened, but once they saw their coach and former private trainer standing in front of them their banter ceased and the two had gaping looks on their faces. 

"Coach...Blue?" Brooke said as the coach kept his head down and hardly paid her any attention. 

She and Brittany stepped to the side and let him squeeze by, and in doing so their big breasts bushed against the side of his arm. Coach Blue was vaguely aware that their huge melons were rubbing into his side as he walked past, but he was simply too preoccupied with thoughts of his meeting with Evelyn to really care. 

The two girls, however, were all too aware that he didn't seem to be paying any attention. 

"Coach Blue?" Brittany said, repeating her friend. 

When the coach still didn't say anything, Brooke stomped her foot down on the tiled floor. 

"Coach Blue!" she yelled after him. 

"Hm?" the coach said, turning around to finally face the two girls. "Were you calling me?" 

"What's wrong with you?" Brooke asked as she stepped forward and crossed her arms. The look she was giving her coach was penetrating. "Are you okay?" 

"Yeah, I'm fine. Why do you care?" he answered her, realizing that he sounded bitter. 

At this Brittany stepped next to her friend and put her hands on her hips. She, too, threw a very penetrating look at her coach. 

"What is your problem?" she said to him, accusingly. 

"My problem? What's my problem?" the coach said, now sounding angry. "What are you talking about?" 

Brooke now placed her hands on her hips like Brittany, and the two blonde teens glared at their coach more fiercely than ever. 

"You brushed our boobs!" Brooke stated, with emphasis. 

Coach Blue rolled his eyes. There was something about the duo that had changed, and he couldn't quite figure out what it was. But whatever the case he tried to push it aside and remain composed. 

"Oh please. You both know I wasn't trying to get fresh. You stepped out of the way and I passed. It's not my fault that you two have the tits wet dreams revolve around." 

The two girls exchanged glances, and after a brief silence Brittany spoke up. 

"You brushed...our boobs." She said. 

Again, Coach Blue rolled his eyes. This time he turned around, and spoke to the girls as he began to walk away. 

"I'm leaving." He stated. 

Brooke looked to her friend, and each girl saw that the other had a look of shock on her face. 

"Coach Blue, wait!" Brooke called after him as she started to power walk behind him. 

"What, what is it now?" the coach asked as he sighed and turned back around. "Did I also just try to rape you?" 

Brooke stopped as she now stood in front of him. A moment later Brittany was back at her side and the two girls no longer had their arms over their chests. Instead, their arms were at their sides and they were letting their huge breasts heave in front of their coach naturally. Their white shirts strained against the force of their big flesh balloons, and if Coach Blue didn't know any better he would have said that they were arching their backs. 

"Did you talk to Coach Dick about us?" Brooke asked of him, that accusing tone in her voice once more. 

"What are you talking about?" the coach responded. He noted that her face was flushed, more so than Brittany's. Both girls had rushed to catch up to him, but there was no need for Brooke to have been as flushed as she was. Her body temperature must have rising for some other reason. 

"Did you tell Coach Dick you wanted us off the team?" the blonde asked, she and Brittany looking at him with solemnness. 

"What?" Coach Blue said in surprise. "Why would I...did he tell you that?" 

"We asked you our question first." Brittany said, thrusting her chest out without trying to make the action seem obvious. 

"What why..." the coach sighed. "No. I didn't say I wanted you off the team." 

"But you do talk to him?" Brooke asked. "About us?" 

He was beginning to get annoyed. Brooke and Brittany did not seem to be letting up with their questions anytime soon. 

"Well, yes...er, no. I don't know, I probably do. He and I talk about all matters concerning the basketball team. Did he tell you I wanted you off the team?" 

Brittany opened her mouth to speak, but Brooke held her hand up in front of her body to stop her. Her busty blonde friend stopped her voice from making any noise and quickly shut her mouth. 

"No. He didn't. It was the committee." Brooke said, a bit melancholy. 

"The committee." Coach Blue reiterated as he nodded his head. He then looked at both girls and spoke again. "Look, I don't want anyone to get thrown off the team." 

"You lie!" Brittany said, pointing her finger at him. "You just don -" 

"Brit, calm down." Brooke said, nudging her friend and coaxing her to be quiet. "You heard him. And he's our coach. He knows what's best." 

At this Coach Blue looked surprised. He couldn't believe those words were coming out of Brooke's mouth. For months he had been caught in a game of cat and mouse with every woman in Breastford, but none more so than the busty duo of Brooke and Brittany. To hear her actually conceding defeat was like winning the lottery. 

But his victory did not bring that feeling of joy with it. Instead he was just content to be where he was, and he was satisfied enough for the three of them. 

"Look..." he said, putting his hands at his sides and taking a step toward the two busty teens. "I know I haven't been fair to you two. I haven't been fair to anyone in this place. Not you...not the committee...not my wife..." 

Brooke felt the urge to step back as he had stepped forward, but she found that her legs just wouldn't obey the instruction. She also found that she couldn't take her eyes off the man in front of her, and while she hadn't turned to look at Brittany she somehow knew she was caught in the same deer-in-headlights effect. 

"It's this place...Breastford, it's...well, I don't know what it is..." He said, struggling to find the right words. He was afraid the girls would lose interest at his befuddlement, but Brooke and Brittany seemed to be paying attention just fine. "I know I don't have an excuse. And even if I did, I don't think it would be good enough. When I came here you girls were curious. You were excited. You were innocent..." 

"Coach Blue..." Brooke said, trying to fight back her emotions. "You don't have to-" 

"Let me finish." The coach said, holding his palm out to her like a stop sign. "I didn't just take advantage of you, or my job title...I took advantage of Breastford. You girls had the potential to do whatever you wanted to do, and you still do...but..." 

The girls had stopped fighting their urges to step back and were now leaning forward, hanging on his every word. 

"But...something's changed. I see that now. I don't know what it is, Brooke, but you...and you too, Brittany...you've both changed. And that's not bad, change isn't bad...it's just change. I guess what I'm trying to say is that you two have shown me just how much I've failed. I mean, the committee tried to show me, Coach Dick tried to show me, a lot of people did; actually. I just...I wanna say thank you. Thank you...and I'm sorry." 

The two girls were gazing at him with their mouths open, as if they were staring at something they couldn't believe. Although the coach couldn't tell, their emotions were running high; and both girls felt as though they were on the verge of tears. 

"Look..." he said, interrupting the silence. He felt extremely bare after having made his confession to Brooke and Brittany, and he was in the biggest hurry to escape the awkwardness he had bestowed upon their trio. "I need to get going. I'll see you both at practice tomorrow." 

And with that he turned to walk away, leaving the two blonde teens dumbstruck; their bodies brimming with emotion. 

* * * * * * * * 

A rush of cold air filled the room as Nina Knockers heard the office door open. She had been idly tapping the sides of the chair she was sitting in with her forearms; a motion which had been causing her enormous jugs to jiggle around inside her white tank top. As Coach Blue walked inside he saw Nina cease in her movements and turn to look at him, and as he shut the door and walked around her behind his desk he saw that she was wearing the black skirt she often wore. She had obviously gone home to change, as she had not been wearing it throughout the day. 

"Sorry I'm late." The coach said, sitting down behind his desk and gazing at Nina's brown eyes as she hunkered around in her seat. He watched as she leaned forward so her butt was off the chair and smoothed out the back of her skirt. When she sat back down she raised one of her slender, silky smooth legs and crossed it over the other - an action that raised the good coach's cock in his pants. 

"It's okay." Nina said. "I'm not in a hurry." 

Coach Blue had been so distracted by her sexy legs that he was just now discovering he hadn't given her gorgeous rack the attention it deserved. Nina had her hands resting on her lap, and her arms were squeezing the massive swells of her chest involuntarily as the huge orbs pushed them out to the side. Only small segments of her arms were visible around her huge twin globes, and Coach Blue's cock was stirring in his pants as his eyes trailed from one big jug to the other. 

Nina did not seem to be making any effort to keep her massive mammaries hidden from view; beyond the obvious act of wearing clothes. As a matter fact, Coach Blue realized, Nina hardly ever seemed to make any effort to cover up in his presence. When they had first met Nina had remained closed off to him; only accentuating her bust when she felt it suited her. Now, however, Nina appeared to be getting more and more comfortable; so much so that seeing her giant rack unhindered by her arms or hands was becoming commonplace for Coach Blue. 

"God, Nina...you look amazing!" Coach Blue said, still lost in his lust for the busty brunette. 

"What?" Nina asked, raising her brows at him. 

"Oh...uh..." Coach Blue backtracked. "Nothing, nothing. So umm...what did you want to talk about today?" 

Nina let out a sigh as she put her arms on the armrests of her chair. She hunkered down slightly and let her head rest on the back of the chair. 

"I had another dream. This one was about my mom." 

"You saw your mom doing something? Like me and my wife?" Coach Blue asked, not realizing that he was leaning over his desk. 

"Not really. This wasn't like my other dreams. I think this was an actual dream." Nina said, sitting up straight again. 

"I see..." Coach Blue responded. 

Nina glanced over at him and suddenly felt the urge to smile. She'd caught her coach staring at her chest several times already, and had seen him ogling her legs when he first sat down. She even noticed that he had been enthralled by her every action; even breathing in and out garnered the subtlest of reactions from him... 

But she had to admit that for a man he was actually not that difficult to talk to. Despite all of his shortcomings Nina felt safe and comfortable with him; a feeling she had only ever felt as a child. As a result she could sense that behind his concern for her he was also hiding something else. He seemed on edge, tense even, and Nina was certain that he was simply putting on some sort of façade for her benefit. Her natural curiosity began to creep in, and she decided that she just had to know more. 

"It was strange..." Nina continued. "I think it took place in the future. It was in an office. There were a lot of people, paper-pushers...that sort of thing." 

"Did anything happen? Anything of particular importance?" Coach blue asked. 

"No." Nina answered. "Not really. It was just a really straightforward dream. Not like the others." 

Coach Blue leaned back a bit. He rubbed his chin as his eyes roamed over the busty teen's stacked body. 

"So it was a normal dream? If you ask me, a step towards normal isn't that bad." 

"I guess not..." Nina said, looking at the coach as she uncrossed her legs and leaned forward. "So why were you late?" 

"Oh..." Coach Blue said, not sure of how to handle her question. "I just I had this thing and...oh!" 

Nina's eyes jumped as Coach Blue yelped his excitement around as though he had just thought of an idea. 

"I ran into Brooke and Brittany on my way here." 

"Brittany and Brooke?" Nina asked, raising an eyebrow at him as she now crossed her arms over her huge, teen chest. 

"Yeah. Brittany and Brooke." Coach Blue responded. 

"That's all?" Nina asked. "That probably only took like five minutes. Did you guys talk for a while?" 

"I guess we must have." Coach Blue said, now starting to regret telling Nina this. 

"What about?" Nina asked. 

"I just..." Coach Blue sighed. He knew very well that he didn't have to answer Nina's question, but he also knew that when Nina Knockers asked a question you had very little say in how you responded. "I told them I was sorry and that...well, that I haven't been as good a coach as I should be. Or as good a man." 

"As good a man?" Nina asked, now genuinely interested in their conversation. "What do you mean?" 

"I don't know." Coach Blue said, hanging his head. "I guess it's complicated." 

"You know..." Nina said, noticing his internal struggle. "This whole time I've been talking to you, and you've been helping me understand everything that's going on with me. But did it ever occur to you that you can talk to me as well?" 

"I don't know." Coach Blue repeated himself. "Maybe, maybe not." 

"You can talk to me, Coach Blue." Nina said, leaning over his desk so that her face was staring up at him...her rack obscured from his view by the desk itself. "You can talk to me about anything. Now what's really going on?" 

"I saw Gretchen the other day." Coach Blue said. 

Nina's eyes flared up, and she sat back in her chair with proper posture as though she were telling him to keep going even though she hated where he was going with it. 

"I'm not mentioning that to you to be...mean." The coach continued. "I just...when I left there I was already in this weird physical/emotional state..." 

Nina turned her head to look at him. She still had her arms crossed over her busty chest. Coach Blue felt as though he was treading on thin ice and one wrong step could fill his world with icy terror. 

"And?" Nina inquired after her coach didn't say anything. 

Coach Blue sighed. 

"Nina...have you ever felt like when you are doing something right, you're also doing something wrong?" 

"Yeah, I suppose so." Nina said, thinking back to how she'd been acting to her mom, to Gretchen, to Coach Blue... 

She shook her head. 

"What are you getting at?" she asked, getting to the point. 

This time the coach was blunt. 

"Nina, I might have to leave Breastford." He said. 

"What?" Nina said, almost too shocked to speak. "Why? Is it the committee?" 

"No," Coach Blue said with a sad and angry tone. "It's Evelyn." 

"Miss Evers?" Nina asked. "She asked me about the basketball team a while back!" 

"Yeah, I don't think that's what this is about." Coach Blue said. 

"What do you mean?" the brunette asked. 

"Evelyn wants to see me. Tonight." 

Nina had been leaning forward, but she now let her back rest against the back of her chair. 

"Tonight? Tonight, tonight?" she asked, fishing for verification. 

Coach Blue nodded. 

"And you don't want to go see her?" Nina asked. "Do you think she's gonna fire you?" 

The coach shook his head. 

"She wants me to cheat on my wife." 

"Oh." Nina said, her voice dripping in relief. "That...doesn't sound so bad." 

"I guess not." Coach Blue said. 

"Coach Blue? Can I be honest with you?" the busty brunette said in all seriousness as she caught her coach's gaze. 

The good coach only shrugged in response. 

"I don't think your wife is a very good person. If you ask me I don't think you should be too worried about this." 

"Yeah, I guess so." Coach Blue said, staring down at his desk and refusing to meet her gaze again. 

Nina now leaned forward again. This time her chair scooted with her and her massive rack collided with the front of his desk. She tried to look her coach in the eye but he kept averting his gaze. 

"That's...not why you're worried? Is it?" 

Coach Blue only shrugged in response again. 

"You really do think you're going to get fired, don't you? And you'll have to leave Breastford? And we'll be stuck with..." 

Nina stopped short as she gasped. 

"Coach Dick!" 

Her coach now looked at her with the same seriousness she had displayed on him previously. The two were quiet for a moment, but then Nina decided to break the silence yet again. 

"So do it." Nina said. 

Coach Blue opened his mouth to speak, but as he did so he forgot how his mouth was supposed to work and began coughing instead. 

"What??" he managed to get out. 

"Miss Evers. You should sleep with her and cheat on your wife." Nina said, stating the obvious so that there were no questions. 

"You want me to cheat on my wife? Why would you tell me that?" he asked. 

"Coach Blue, you are the best coach we've ever had in Breastford. I really want you to be here." 

"Nina..." Coach Blue said. "I can't. God help me, for the first time since coming to Breastford I want to say no to a woman - this woman!" 

"Why?" Nina asked, unable to believe she just asked a man that question. 

"Nina I've got a lot to answer for. I'm not a good person." Coach Blue said. "But as bad as I am the people in charge here are even worse. You didn't see Miss Evers when I was leaving the Swanson's. She was acting strange. She was hitting on me! She was talking about my wife, and Madeline..." 

"Madeline?" Nina said, interrupting him. "Wow. This really does sound like a bad situation. Miss Evers pretty much does whatever Madeline wants." 

"You see what I'm getting at here?" Coach Blue asked of her, standing up from his chair and turning to face the wall. "What am I supposed to do?" 

"I don't know." Nina said. "Coach, I know I said you could talk to me about anything...but now I feel kind of dumb for saying it." 

"Thanks." He said, letting his head hang. He stood to the side of his desk and leaned up against it. As he did so he could feel Nina's eyes on him. He knew she was looking at him in pity, and he didn't want to turn and face her. 

Several moments passed, and neither person had really moved. Coach Blue fidgeted in his stance. Nina still had her arms crossed over her melons, and he could feel her gaze on him like fire. At this point he thought that Nina was only staring at him to get him to turn around and face her. He didn't feel like playing games at the moment. 

"Alright, you win." He said, turning to face Nina in her chair as he leaned against the corner of his desk and looked at her. 

To his surprise Nina's eyes did not convey the pity he was expecting to find. Instead they looked fierce and studious; as if she was trying to determine what he was thinking. 
