 "Samantha, I trust everything went well?"

"Yes, Miss." Samantha answered.

She was standing in the bedroom of the most powerful woman in Breastford. The woman was speaking to Samantha from her bed, and although it was draped with long veils so as to keep her hidden Samantha could see that there were three men in bed with her...three hunks.

"Hm. I see. Tell me, how did you manage to acquire those videos?"

Samantha's eyes went wide in surprise.

"Miss Madeline...do you mean...do you mean you don't know?"

Madeline threw her arms in the air and yawned. The three men were lying around her as she knelt on the bed. She was surrounded by large, bulging muscles.

"Well, don't sound so surprised." Madeline said. "When I order the help to clean I don't ask how they got it done."

"Oh! Yes, of course!" Samantha said quickly. "Well, you see, I embedded a small camera in the cushion of his couch."

"Ah!" Madeline exclaimed. "Yes...I see now..."

She trailed off as the muscles beneath her now caught her attention. With her right hand she began touching each man, rubbing their rippling chests tenderly.

Samantha bit her lip as she watched the censored action. What she wouldn't give to be in Madeline's position right now...with three gorgeous men laying all around her...all those muscles for her to play with...

"My other source tells me Nina is close to breaking as well. Tell me, what do you think?" she asked of Samantha.

"I...I wouldn't know." Samantha responded. "I would have to say that all the women have suffered a loss and that-"

"I didn't ask about the other women." Madeline interrupted. "I asked about Nina."

Samantha bit her tongue. Through the veil she could see Madeline gazing at her, burning a gap through her heart with her eyes and sending shivers down her spine. She had already questioned her once, and she did not think it wise to do so again.

"I...I...no." Samantha said. "From what I've seen Nina is far from where you want her."

"I see." Madeline said, as she stroked the head of a particularly beefy stud. Her hand trailed down the man's chiseled body and danced along his crotch, which was bulging from her touch.

Samantha could see that Madeline was very appreciative of the three men in bed with her, though she dared not say so.

"No matter." The woman said. "As we speak my newest safety net should be arriving. He will undoubtedly keep the committee out of my hair, as well as keep them in their places."

Samantha watched as Madeline's other hand now shot towards the bulging penis of another man. She licked her lips as Madeline squeezed and stroked at the bulges of two hunky studs.

"A new recruit?" Samantha asked.

"Yes." Madeline answered. "I suppose you could say that."

"Wow!" Samantha squealed. "He must be a hunk if you've gone out of your way to get him here!"

Madeline smiled as she took the third bulge in her hand.

"Yes well, he should be. I'm making him assistant coach to our friend Steven Blue."

* * * * * * * * * *

He sat behind his desk; his feet propped up and his hands behind his head, contemplating everything that had taken place recently. He'd gone from a one-horse home to a bevy of busty babes, and he had no intention of ever going back.

Why should he?

Where he'd come from he was an average Joe, just another tired individual doomed to a life of mediocrity. The passion he'd once felt for his work had long since expired, and the shining aura his wife once held had long since faded; faded into a dark void which either held or didn't hold his entire existence together (he wasn't sure which).

Everything he had ever worked to achieve had been swallowed.

His home -- disappeared. His career -- exhausted. His beautiful wife -- let go.

All that remained were dull remnants of what he once called a life, cast to the deepest trenches of memory and drowned in darkness. He could no longer picture those elements which made up his previous existence. He could no longer picture his wife; sitting at home desperately trying to take control of the situation...to take control of him as she had done in the past.

What he could see were the beautiful faces and gorgeous bodies of the women what now surrounded him. Their flawless figures haunted his mind, consumed his thoughts, and occupied his dreams. Never in his life had he found himself more taken by desire. He could recall instances in which he had sat behind a desk at work very much like the one he sat behind now and thought of nothing except the images of naked women that awaited him at home, courtesy of a flat screen monitor. Back then Laura would have never thought to give him relief except when it was in her benefit.

Not that he actually wanted it from her.

Like so many men he had found himself becoming more and more complacent. Laura had fit him into her life's puzzle; and he had not even found himself to be the final piece. He had kept up his end of the marriage deal. He had stayed fit, nurtured a career, and made a decent living. But his wife's agenda had been a much more selfish one. The only thing she ended up maintaining was her health, and even that was beginning to slide more and more with her eating habits and lack of exercise. He'd had to watch his wife slowly inflate, helpless to do anything as she was much too stubborn to admit it. Oh the irony!

He chuckled.

It seemed his life's book was still referencing the earlier chapters after all. His wife, his life...they had pushed him too far. They had pushed him over boundaries of every sort; pushed him all the way to this place.

Irony...

Things were much different now. He had more control in Breastford than he ever had back home.

And yet nothing had changed.

The universe still seemed to be working against him just as it had done back home. The only difference was that now, he seemed to be succeeding. It was a small window with a tiny line of sight, but at the rate things were going it was possible he would achieve everything he wanted to achieve in this place. Could it be that someone, or something, wanted him to succeed?

He cleared his throat, and then reached down and patted his leg as he thought of his achievements. He had a promising career and a beautiful house. Already he had more than he could have ever bargained for back home. But the real prize...

The real prize was the community. It was unfathomable. This place truly was like a Heaven on Earth. Not only was it filled with beautifully buxom women, but there seemed to be hardly any men here at all. In fact, he wasn't sure he had seen a single male here period. There were times when he thought he had seen a few, but they were always accompanied by women he didn't know. They never spoke, never seemed vibrant, and never showed any signs of vigor. That led him to the conclusion that he had simply imagined them.

Perhaps a side-effect of the realization that he truly was the only man in a town filled with busty women...that he was surrounded by bountiful piles of breasts.

He reached down to his crotch region and tended to his growing erection.

Of the women he had seen, the women associated with the committee were amongst the biggest prizes. Each woman held two big prizes of her own, and he longed to play with each and every flawless pair.

Paula and Natalie he had conquered, but as much as he'd liked to reassess those lovely ladies he had to admit that his chances with them were nonexistent, slim at best. He had fulfilled so many a fantasy with those two buxom women. His mind churned at the thought of Paula's massive jugs pressed up against the glass in that hot, steamy shower...and Natalie...Natalie's giant melons pressed up against him so wet and slippery...

What he wouldn't give to regain entrance into that shower once more, instead of having to settle for Gretchen and Maggie. Perhaps a three-way with Gretchen and Paula was in order. Being buried between the breasts of mother and daughter did sound like fun. However, neither would ever go for that.

And speaking of mothers, Beth and Barbara seemed to be worthy candidates for a sperm shower. Already he could picture the two blonde MILFs holding their generous bosoms out for his raging rod. But as hot as their chesty mothers were, Brittany and Brooke still had them beat. The last time he had seen them he was sure their mega-sized racks had grown even bigger, perhaps even surpassing those of their mothers. The things he had done with the big-titted duo of Brittany and Brooke...

And he was nowhere near being finished. He was going to fulfill every fantasy he could possibly imagine -- through them. He would take it slow, savoring the feeling...every thrust, every bounce, every jiggle, and even their virginities. Anything that he had ever pictured, and anything which required the talents of two big-boobed babes was at his disposal...yes, he was going to enjoy them.

He rubbed his crotch lightly as he pictured the two busty blonde teens rubbing it for him; Brooke on the left, Brittany on the right...their big boobs bulging around his face so soft and supple as he took an ass-cheek from both girls...

But he was quickly brought back to reality as he heard the familiar sound of tapping on the door. Someone was knocking.

"Hang on." He said, standing up and snapping out of his daze.

He walked around his desk and made his way to the front of the office. Luckily, the sudden interruption was enough to calm his erection, but only slightly. The bulk of it still remained; such was the power of the busty duo.

"Alright, I'm coming." He said in response to another knock on the door.

Soon after he was turning the doorknob and opening the door, viewing the person standing on the other side.

"Wha-" he said to the man standing before him. "Wha-it's...it's you!"

 * * * * * * * * * *

"Dick." Gretchen said.

The girls blinked at her in surprise. It was Brittany who was the first to speak up.

"Dick?" she said. "What does that mean?"

"Daniel Dick." Gretchen continued. "That's his name."

"Wait, wait, wait..." Brooke said, halting the subject for the moment. "This guy is going to be our new coach??"

"Yes, that's right." Gretchen said.

Brooke looked over at Brittany. The two of them had managed to get what they wanted from Coach Blue, but now it seemed as though that was going to fall apart. Now they were going to have another coach to deal with?

"Okay, so this guy is going to replace Coach Blue?" Brittany asked.

Brooked listened to Gretchen's answer intently. Brittany was undoubtedly thinking the same thing she was.

"No." Gretchen said. "Coach Blue is still going to be in charge. Coach Dick will be working under him."

"Oh, so then he's more like an assistant." Brooke said.

Gretchen's gaze was now fixated on her blonde friend.

"Don't take him lightly." She said. "This guy was hand chosen by Madeline. That means that at any time for any reason....if he feels the need to change things, well, he can."

A short silence now fell over all the girls.

This time it was Nina who broke the silence. She gazed at Gretchen as though they were enemies.

"You didn't tell me Madeline chose this guy." She said.

"Does it really matter?" Gretchen asked.

Nina opened her mouth as though she was going to speak, but at the last moment she closed it. She peered around at the girls as though she were unsure about a decision.

"I've got a question." Someone said.

"Maggie?" Gretchen replied. "What is it?"

"If this guy is who you say he is, then aren't we all in danger here? Our first team positions, I mean."

Another silence fell over the girls, this time it was a more synchronized one.

"No." Nina said. "We are the first team. It's our job to exhibit leadership. As long as we continue to perform, there will be no reason to cut us."

This sparked a deafening silence from every girl -- every girl but Nina.

She spoke yet again.

"Look, you guys have nothing to worry about. You're going to have to trust me on this."

"Easy for you to say..." Brittany muttered.

"What?" Nina asked, glaring at her.

"Nothing!" Brittany quickly replied.

"Listen up." Nina said. She stepped forward and turned to face her four teammates. "I know you guys have been through a lot. This is the first time we've had an organized sport in God knows how long. I know you're all trying your best. I am too."   The girls had their heads bowed; taking in everything Nina had to say.

"But regardless of how good or bad you are or whatever, I want you to know something. And that is...that we're here. We've gotten where we are because we exhibit skills the other girls don't have, or can't use, or whatever. Whatever those may be. I just...I want you all to know that. You're the best."

There was a short silence, and when it became apparent that no one was going to say anything Brooke finally spoke up.

"Do you really mean that, Nina?"

Nina leaned back against the wall and nodded her head.

"I do."

"But...no matter how hard we try...we'll never be as good as you." Brittany said.

Gretchen had her arms crossed as she watched the conversation take place.

"Oh." Nina said. "I wouldn't be so sure, Brit."

"She's right, Nina." Gretchen said. "You've been given a natural talent that none of us have. I don't know that we'll ever be that good."

"Alright, fine. Whatever." Nina said, stepping forward yet again. "That doesn't mean you shouldn't try."

The girls laughed for a while.

"So when's our next practice?" Brooke asked, as she and Brittany headed toward the door.

"Tomorrow." Gretchen said. "Don't be late."

The door opened, and the busty duo was gone.

* * * * * * * * * *

"You!" Coach Blue said, accusingly. "What are you doing here?? How did you find me??"

The man stepped into the office, forcing Coach Blue to step aside. He stood at the center of the room and took in the surroundings as he swiped his hand through his light hair.

"You?" the guy said as Coach Blue made his way around him. "What, you think I'm here for you? C'mon, Blueballs. Give me some credit."

He gestured to the chair in front of him, as if asking Coach Blue if he could sit with his eyes. Regardless of what the answer was Coach Blue knew he was going to sit anyway. He walked to the side of his desk and leaned against it.

"I signed a contract, Dick." Coach Blue said. "I know that thing front to back. It's skin tight. I've made it a point to know my contracts. I guess you can thank yourself for that."

Coach Dick sat comfortably in his chair and laughed.

"Relax, Blue." He said. "I'm not here for your job. As a matter of fact, I'm here to assist you."

Coach Blue crossed his arms and looked down at the coach sitting in front of his desk.

"Assist me? Why? You're a head coach. Why would you want to take a pay cut? No, no, no. I know you, and you're after my desk."

"Who said anything about a pay cut? I'm making more here than I ever was back home. And as for your position, I wouldn't want your job anyway."

Coach Blue wrinkled his eyebrows as he looked down at Coach Dick thoughtfully.

"Why?" he asked.

"C'mon, man. You know why. The reason you're here. Have you seen the jugs on these women? It's like being in a porno 24/7."

Coach Blue nodded as he thought about all the women, specifically the busty duo. Remembering where he was, he quickly shook his head and shook the thoughts away.

"Wait, wait." He said. "What's that got to do with you not wanting my job?"

"Ah that's easy." Coach Dick said. "You're the head coach, right? You got all these responsibilities and expectations. People expect you to do well. You do good, fine. You don't? You get canned. Fired. All eyes are on you. And Me? I'll stay right here, no matter what happens. And I plan on staying for a VERY long time. All I gotta worry about is...enjoying my time with the girls."

Coach Blue walked around his desk and sat down behind it. He put his hand to his forehead and hung his head.

"See? That's always been your problem, Blueballs. You never think things through. Why, I'll bet you've been here a while and you haven't even gotten your hands on some of that tail."

"That's not true!" Coach Blue said, abruptly.

"Oh really?" the other coach responded. "Did you fuck them?"

"Well, yeah, I mean...some..." Coach Blue muttered.

"That's what I thought."

"No, you know what?" Coach Blue asked, growing infuriated. "I did. I had a threeseome. With two hot women! You ever done that?"

"Not in a few months." Coach Dick responded.

"Not like these women." Coach Blue said, leaning back triumphantly.

"Well, you got me there." Coach Dick said.

Coach Blue looked at him. Sitting there now, he didn't look so much better than him. They were both around the same height. Dick's body was a little more chiseled than his was. Instead of the rugged good looks he possessed, Coach Dick had more of a boyish charm on him. He was the type of guy girls screamed about at boy band concerts.

"I'm impressed." Coach Dick said. "You're finally breaking out of that shell of yours. Too little too late, though."

"What do you mean?" Coach Blue asked.

"Nah, it's just that now that I'm here things are gonna get a little colder for you."

Coach Blue laughed.

"I wouldn't be so sure about that." He said, recalling how difficult it was for him. "Some of these women can be a little...much."

Coach Dick whistled.

"You're telling me." He said. "When I first got here and saw that Nina Knockers I almost blew a load right then and there."

Coach Blue sat upright and leaned forward.

"You-"he stuttered. "You were with Nina?"

"Yeah, she's the one who showed me the way."

Coach Blue felt like someone had hit him in the stomach with a sledgehammer. He recalled when Gretchen had "shown him the way." He wondered if Nina had given this guy the same...directions.

"What do you mean she showed you the way?" he asked.

"Well, she closed up shop and got in my car and pointed." He said. "So what?"

"She didn't do anything else?" Coach Blue asked, eagerly.

"Nothing you need to know about." Coach Dick responded.

Coach Blue sat back and glared at the man across from his desk, as though trying to figure him out. Nina was, by far, the ultimate prize. She was the battle to end all battles. If Coach Dick had won her for simply walking through the door after everything he himself had suffered through...

"Yeah, well what about your wife? Marissa?" he asked.

"She's off shooting another movie. Left a few months ago. She'll be gone for a few months more."

"Movie?" Coach Blue asked. "I thought she was a model."

"Yeah," Coach Dick answered. "She is. But some producer caught one of her photo shoots and thought he could use her in a movie. Go figure."

"Last I saw of her was in that sports mag. I didn't know she was doing movies also."

"Oh was that the bikini issue?" Dick asked. "Yeah I'm surprised you didn't know, guy. That's what started her off on television. She's been all over those beer commercials."

"You know," Coach Blue said. "The women around here don't go for married guys. You have your work cut out for you."

"Aw, they don't have to know." Coach Dick said. "But look, I should probably get out of here."

"Yeah." Coach Blue said. "I agree."

The two of them stood up, and Coach Blue grabbed his water bottle from the top of his desk. As he was showing Coach Dick the door, he took a swig of it.

"That the magic juice?" Coach Dick asked.

Coach Blue almost choked at the sound of those words.

"I'm gonna need some myself." Coach Dick added. He reached to his side, to a holster Coach Blue had not noticed. He pulled the bottle from the holster and took a long drink.

Coach Blue watched as he gulped down the liquid like he was in a chugging contest. When he was done, he wiped his mouth.
