 'Hi honey, take a seat and relax.'

When you finally arrived home after a long day at work, all you wanted to do was crash on the couch in front of the television. But that was not going to happen tonight.

I have greeted you at the door, wearing nothing but stay up stockings and a short chemise that barely covers my pale little butt. I kiss you deeply and take your briefcase and keys.

With a quizzical look, and dazzling smile, you walk into the living room to find we have a guest sitting in there. This stops you in your tracks. He is simply gorgeous, sipping his ice-cold Jim Beam and coke and is naked except for a pair of unbuttoned dark blue jeans. You immediately think of all those fantasy conversations we've had and desperately hope that I have been listening. Your dick twitches as you envisage how the next few hours are going to play out.

'Honey, this is Brad, Brad this is my husband Josh'. Brad stands up, revealing a six-pack stomach and defined shoulders, as the opened jeans slide slightly down his hips. You shake hands firmly and there is a lingering look that excites me. I give you a glass of coke and you sit down in your chair. Both of you look at me now expectantly and I don't disappoint.

I walk over to the stereo, put on a nice slow song to which I can dance. I rock from side to side, turning clockwise with a little twist at the hips; my arms above my head, bringing the chemise up to reveal the bottom of my firm arse and wet pussy. I bend at the pelvis and look at you both through open legs. 

While sensually rocking to the music, my hands start at my feet, tracing the taut calf muscles, lingering at the knees, which I bend outward, and open my legs further for your enjoyment. I straighten my legs and continue to trace my hands up my inner thigh, around to the long stretched muscles at the back of my upper legs and over my butt cheeks. 

At this point, I slide my hands through my mound and coat the fingers with my juices. I walk over to you and place a finger in your mouth. 'Tell me you want this', I say and you grab me in response, kissing me with force. Brad stands up and takes me from you, shocking you into submission. I turn around and he takes the other hand in to taste me.

He kisses me hard as his hands explore my body. I can feel his thumbs rubbing over my hardened, satin covered nipples and the rest of his hands cupping each breast. I push the jeans over his hips and let them fall to the ground, followed by the g-string that is in my way.

He places his hands around my bottom and easily picks me up. In one swift movement, he plants my slippery love tunnel over his throbbing cock and he is inside of me. I wrap my legs around his torso and he uses his arms to move himself in and out of me like a piston inside a cylinder.

He is fucking me, and my husband is breathless with the sight. From where he is sitting and we are standing, he can see the movement in and out, just to the end, before going in again. You take out your member and start to stroke it. 'No' I say, 'get undressed, but don't touch, just watch'. You obediently drop it like hot coals and undress. I kiss and nibble on Brad's neck, and he moans in exhilaration as he pulls the straps of my chemise off my shoulders. When he starts to slow, I tell him to put me on the couch beside you. 'Keep going, don't stop', and he doesn't -- he barely misses a beat as he is pounding me and sucking on my breasts. 

I hold my legs open wide and high, giving the best angle for your viewing pleasure and stimulating my deepest crevice. You wrap your lips around my other breast and I arch my back in delight. It doesn't take long and Brad is breathlessly moaning, as his legs tighten and he explodes within me with 3 or 4 spurts of jism. 

I tell Brad to sit and relax, because his night is not over yet. He goes back to his drink, 'Josh, come here', I say. 'Clean me up'. You hoped this was coming, and almost blew your load just thinking about it. You move up over me and your long hard pole comes within reach of my mouth and I willingly suck away the pre-cum that has coated its head while enjoying your attention as you begin to lick away the signs of Brad from between my legs. I reach under the band of my stockings and pull out your favorite cock ring. 

Once I am satisfied that you have completed your task, I give you the ring 'here, put this on'. I love watching you do this. Cock ring in place, you start to stroke yourself again and I push your hands away and give you the look that tells you not to touch again.

I get up and position myself in front of my new lover. I take him into my mouth and start to massage it with my tongue. I love the taste of myself and while one hand holds his semi-flaccid cock, the other finds my little bud and starts to circle it. 

Bringing Brad to attention again, I sit on him, back facing him and diddling hand facing you. 'Oh Josh, isn't he just divine. I could fuck him for hours' I say as I lift myself up on down and continue my clit stimulation. I close my eyes, loving the feeling of Brad's girth. I tell you to come over here, and you do. I move my hand and tell you to lick me again, and this time you do it with strong passionate flicks of your tongue, this time you are not cleaning, but urgently trying to bring me to orgasm. You know that you can't touch yourself until I do. 

I move your butt around so it is facing Brad and he takes your balls in his large warm hands. I can feel you moaning into my pussy as he massages them just how you like it. The pre-cum is simply dripping from you and I can tell from your groans that you desperately want release. I feel Brad's second hand find my erect nipple and he squeezes it between thumb and forefinger. Being filled; along with the vibration from your moans and the nipple stimulation brings forth the incentive my body needed and I cum all over your face. 

Thinking you can now release yourself; you bring me to the floor. I shake my head, 'not yet my darling'. You look at me with annoyance and I smile, loving the fact that even though you are frustrated, you still do as I say.

You lay there, seemingly helpless, and I bring my breast to your mouth. You suck on it eagerly and I whimper as Brad enters me from behind. I love this position and my face contorts into the 'God this is good' expression that you love so much. You clutch at my breasts and shoulder anything except your pulsing rod, which is now so hard that it looks painful. 

I move so that Brad pulls out from me and I nod your way. He takes you in. It happens so quickly that you don't even realize until you feel the warmth of his mouth envelop you. Your head falls back, your eyes roll into your head and you let out a long, guttural growl. 

You can hardly breathe with his constant and clearly experienced sucking and you can hardly believe it when he easily takes you down his throat - something I have never mastered. You head is moving from side to side and you seem to be mumbling like a madman. When he moves a finger towards your star-shaped hole, when he places that finger in a half an inch, when he rhythmically bends that finger within you, your mind takes you to another place. You can't think straight, and just let your body take over. Brad takes the cock ring off you and I bend down to your ear to say 'Come for me Josh, come for me'. Grabbing hold of Brad's head, you make him swallow your entire load. It has been so long since you have been this vocal during sex and I am absolutely thrilled. I am so focused on you that I don't realize that Brad is stroking himself and comes almost at the same time. 

For the moment we are all spent, and lay down on the floor, my husband to my left, my lover to my right and my contented self happily in the middle. 'Thank you' is all you can say. I breathe a sigh of relief and give a silent thank you of my own that my little surprise worked. Ah, life is good and the night is still young...