 Time: 60 BC

Place: Delos

Cast: Titus Fabius Marius -- Roman patrician, 19

Fabia Maria Tertia, aka Mettia -- Titus's sister, his twin

Decius Aurelius Carbo -- Mettia's prospective husband

Anjana -- Indian slave purchased on the island

Titus's ship had docked at Delos, one of a chain of islands called the Cyclades in the Aegean, to mend the damage done to it during a tempestuous gale. So fierce was the storm that the youth had actually vowed a sacrifice to Neptune if they made it to port. Of course, he had not been alone. Most sailors were a superstitious lot... often seeking to bribe the sea god for a safe journey. A skeptic by nature, Titus wondered if those gifts to Neptune really produced any effects on the weather. He had always doubted it... but did not wish to take any chances. 

Once the repository of the treasury for the Delian League, the once-powerful Athenian empire, the island had been a place of great importance. Times had changed since then and its significance rested on the vast slave market that dominated the small island. Deciding to go ashore while the captain and his men saw to the repairs, Titus was eager to peruse the merchandise. A person never knew when he might run across a true bargain in the slave market.

Headed for the island of Rhodes to commence a study of rhetoric that had become almost mandatory for any Roman hoping to hold high office, Titus was looking for excitement. Knowing that his trip had been as much an exile as a chance to further his education, he held out little hope for the prospects of any decent entertainment once he arrived. He would be expected to attend lectures, study with a master of rhetoric, and perform other monotonous tasks that built character.

Yes... all of Titus's family agreed that the youth needed to build his character. Unfortunately he had somehow acquired a reputation as a roué, a cad, and a rake. Smiling briefly as he recalled the list of patrician wives and daughters he had reputedly seduced, Titus only wished that he had been so blessed. Gossip had enhanced his reputation far beyond what he had actually accomplished... though he would be the last person to admit to it. He quite enjoyed the notoriety, finding that it attracted the attention of scandalous women who would otherwise have dismissed him as nothing more than a callow youth... naïve and unsophisticated. Titus had made the most of his fame until one irate father, a dissolute senator whose vices far exceeded his own, took offense at finding the youth between his noble daughter's thighs. Hence the exile...

Exceedingly unexpected was Titus's mother's decision to entrust his twin sister to his care. Scandal had never marred Mettia's faultless reputation... but on a trip so far away from home she would require a male escort to protect her. The youth suspected that Caecilia Metella's true intent was to have her steady and reliable youngest daughter keep a wary eye on her son. After all, no place within the scope of Rome's authority escaped the influence of their mother's noble family. Surely the cousin who was posted at the embassy on Rhodes would have served as a suitable guardian? Another was even serving as consul that year... explaining how she had secured Titus and Mettia's berth aboard a Roman penteconter bound for the island. Who would dare disgrace Caecilia Metella's daughter when she had such an aristocratic pedigree?

Chuckling to himself, the youth shook his head. If only his mother and her family recognized that Mettia was as debauched as Titus, they'd have kept her safely in Rome. Unknown to the rest of the family, Mettia shared her brother's fondness for the pleasures of a pretty girl's body. She knew every one of Sappho's odes by heart... and could easily have expanded on them from her own experience. Indeed... the girl had recruited more than one of Titus's patrician lovers... forming a ménage-a-trois that never left one of them unsatisfied. The youth would fill their drenched pussy with his cock while they lapped eagerly... even enthusiastically... at the sweet juices that flowed from Mettia's cunt. Together the twins... brother and sister... managed to seduce and satisfy Rome's most beautiful women, satiating their every desire.

All of that was over... for the moment, at least. Once they arrived in Rhodes Titus was supposed to introduce his sister to Decius Aurelius Carbo, the well-born son of a former praetor who was attached to the embassy at Rhodes as well. Caecilia Metella's cousin thought the pair would make a good match... and allow the family to ally themselves with another powerful gens. Decius's reputation as a conscientious, respectable stoic promised little joy in Mettia's marriage... but Titus vowed to fight the proposed union if his sister would not agree to it without reserve. He would not see her unhappy. After all, he was the head of the family... not his mother's relatives. As pater familias, he had absolute power over their lives according to Rome's ancient laws.

With no other passengers aboard the Roman penteconter, Titus and his sister were condemned to a long and boring voyage. Mettia could at least enjoy the rowers' tanned, muscular bodies... though her inability to do more than watch them at their tasks left her frustrated. Titus had not even had that satisfaction; his sister was the only woman aboard. 

Accustomed to their lascivious routine, both twins had suffered intensely from the lack of opportunity for wild, uninhibited sex. Alone in their cabin at night, they had been driven to masturbate by the light of a single lamp. Titus had not been able to resist the temptation of watching his sister as she tweaked her nipples after raising each breast to her mouth so that she could slowly lick them with long, leisurely strokes of her tongue. Soon her fingers would plunge into her moist pussy; occasionally she raised them to her mouth to lick the juices from them. Had Mettia not been his sister, Titus would have gladly spread her long, lean legs and impaled her on his throbbing cock... plowing her tight furrow with long, powerful thrusts that would have swiftly driven her to multiple climaxes. For her part, his sister had licked her lips provocatively as she waited for his frantic strokes to bring him to an orgasm... smiling wickedly as his semen erupted from the head of his cock. Mettia had enjoyed nothing more than eating his cum out of the drenched cunts of her friends. The trip had been sheer torture!

Arriving at the largest slave market in the known world, Titus meant to put an end to that. Surely he and Mettia could find a girl that suited both their tastes. Discovering that it would be a couple of days before the repairs on the ship were finished, Titus immediately asked the captain for permission to go ashore. His request was instantly granted. One did not refuse a close relative of one of Rome's consuls!

A few words to Mettia rapidly convinced her to accompany her brother. In Rome the very thought of a patrician lady strolling through the slave market would have been scandalous at best... but Titus wanted to make certain that she approved of his purchase. What did it matter anyway? This was Delos... not Rome!

With her arm wrapped around her brother's, Mettia walked with him into the bazaar. All around them Titus noted how the men's eyes followed his sister's figure. That came as no great surprise. Even in the noble houses of Rome, Mettia's graceful figure excited admiration... small but pert breasts, a slender waist, long, lithe legs, and an ass that swayed gently as she walked. A countenance to match the allure of her body only added to her appeal. Tendrils of her wavy, russet hair fell delicately at each side of her face. Rich brown eyes enticed even the most stoic to nod with approval.

Her normally mellifluous voice tinged with regret and frustration, Mettia leaned closer to her brother as she spoke. "Thank all the gods that the storm drove us here! We have to find a suitable girl. I couldn't have stood another night without sex!"

Taken by surprise by his sister's blunt assessment of their predicament, Titus burst into laughter. "Mettia, dear, any of those rowers you spent your time admiring so closely would have cheerfully put themselves at your service."

Shaking her head, Mettia dismissed his suggestion with little consideration. "Oh, they had fine torsos, and perhaps cocks to match, but their hands were as rough as the wood of their oars. I wouldn't have cared to let one of them spread my legs."

Titus nodded his understanding. He knew that his sister preferred a gentle... if sometimes demanding... touch. Truthfully, he would never have permitted one of the sailors to lay hands on Mettia. They would not have taken it well if she refused to give them any more than an elaborate blowjob... as she often did. Mettia was taking no chances at becoming pregnant before her marriage. Caecilia Metella had saved Titus's eldest sister from disgrace by the simple expedient of an elderly husband who asked no difficult questions when offered Maxima as a wife.

Continuing the playful banter, Titus quipped, "Well, you've never needed a prick to amuse yourself anyway. Why haven't you pulled out your dildo? I know you packed it. You never go anywhere overnight without it."

As Mettia's gentle laughter echoed in his ears, she smiled at her brother. "That wouldn't be fair. You don't have any toys to help satisfy you. I do miss its feel inside me though!"

The pair had passed through the fringes of the market without taking much notice. They both understood that those condemned to the periphery normally carried inferior products. Neither Titus nor Mettia would settle for less than perfection with this purchase; she must be a girl of impeccable quality.

Enjoying the spectacle of so many human bodies on display, Titus's sister halted before a platform of male slaves dressed in nothing more than loincloths. Mettia's grip on his arm tightened as she scrutinized several of the men... one with a particularly large bulge just beneath his muscular abdomen. "I wouldn't mind a taste of him... but that's too big for me to swallow."

"You're going to have to practice, Sis. Circe could have taken him in one gulp and asked for another couple of inches." Chuckling softly, Titus closed his eyes momentarily envisioning the Campanian slave as her lips engulfed his cock. He missed her skilled tongue. "What will Decius Cornelius say if you can't swallow him whole. He'll think that I haven't seen that you were properly educated!"

Delightful peels of laughter filled the air as Mettia smiled. Moments later though, her expression became far more serious. "Titus, do you think it would really matter to him? Everybody keeps telling me how serious, dutiful, and upright he is! I can't help but wonder about him. It sounds like he'd just lay me once a week until I'm pregnant and forget about me until it's time to produce another heir!"

Slipping an arm around his sister's shoulders, Titus pulled her to him... patting her reassuringly on the back. "Don't worry. At least you have time to learn if you like Decius. If not, then I promise you that you won't have to wed him. As long as I'm your legal guardian, you won't have to marry any man who doesn't please you."

A smile crept over Mettia's lips as she struggled to regain her composure. "You're so sweet, Titus. Thank you. If you really want to make certain he pleases me, then check out his cock when the two of you go to the baths. I want at least seven inches!"

Pleased that he had been able to comfort Mettia enough that joke about her desires, her brother gestured towards the rest of the marketplace. "I'll check on that when we reach Rhodes... for the moment let's see what we can do about satisfying you tonight." 

Passing by several eager merchants hawking their merchandise, the pair gave the slaves only a cursory glance. They did not meet the rigid standards that Titus and his sister set. Further along the quality began to improve and they slowed their pace... lingering whenever they found a girl that piqued their interest. First was a Nubian girl... her dark skin nearly matching her lustrous, black hair. Her high, firm breasts caught Titus's notice. Nodding in agreement, Mettia approached the merchant... asking for a more extensive inspection. Initially hesitant, he swiftly changed his mind when Mettia promised him a good price for the Nubian if she met their expectations. Unfortunately, the girl failed miserably. Despite the merchant's order to disrobe, she was plainly reluctant... clinging to the garment even as he pulled it from her body.

With a shake of his head, Titus rejected the Nubian. "Slaves have no place for modesty."

Mettia nodded in accord with her brother. Eager not to lose his customers, the merchant guided them through a succession of pretty girls... a blonde Macedonian whose bold eyes and supple thighs promised pleasure, a Syrian whose tanned skin and silky, black hair tempted Titus, and a Cretan dancing girl whose graceful movements displayed her dexterity to perfection. Yet none of them seemed to quite satisfy either Mettia or her brother.

Finally, the merchant led brother and sister to a tent where he said that he kept his preferred stock out of the sun and the heat. As they ducked inside, Titus noted three or four fair-skinned Gauls, a rarity that far east, as well as Greek woman reclining naked on a couch with a handsome young Egyptian. She held his rigid cock in her hands as she instructed the other women how best to please their masters. "An authentic Athenian hetaera... she's been training those girls but I'll part with her for the right price."

Disappointed, Titus shook his head but the merchant continued to the back of his pavilion where there was one last girl. Unlike any of the others, she was dressed in Coan silk, sheer enough that Titus caught a glimpse of her dark areole through the material. "This one's from India. I've been saving her for a man of rare refinement... but I've no doubt that you'll appreciate her."

His lips curling upwards as he studied the girl, Titus admired the fine specimen as she rose with languid ease. Though her skin was tan, it was not the dark shade he had noted in the few other Indians he had seen before... learning from the merchant that she was from the northern mountains when he commented on the difference. Long, black strands of her hair fell over her shoulders, curling slightly at the ends where they rested lightly on her pert breasts... high and firm, swaying ever so slightly as she approached him. 

The girl's rich brown eyes carefully assessed Titus... making no effort to disguise the fact. Her confidence and audacity impressed him... as did the slender waist and perfectly-rounded buttocks he observed through the diaphanous gown she wore. Ignoring the difference in their status, the girl leaned against his chest, her lips pressed against his as her tongue explored his mouth... nor were her hands idle. Her fingers cupping his balls, she rubbed her palm up and down his erection. "What's your name?"

"Anjana..."

Excited by the girl's touch, Titus wanted to rip off her gown and take her then and there but she had already slipped out of his grasp. Moving on to Mettia, Anjana pulled her into an embrace rubbing her breasts against his sister's as she ground her mound against Mettia's groin. The unbridled lust in his sister's eyes told Titus that they had found the perfect slave...one that would satisfy their most desperate needs. As he nodded to the merchant, Titus took the coins from his pouch... not even bothering to quibble about her extravagant cost. Anjana was a bargain at any price!

Waiting briefly while Anjana retrieved her few possessions, brother and sister could hardly control their enthusiasm. Beautiful of both face and body, their new slave inspired pure lust in both of them. More than that... Anjana was certainly no timid virgin that they would have to teach. With only a fleeting touch, the girl had proven that she knew as much as either of them... perhaps even more. That prospect kindled their ardor. What new delights could Anjana teach them?

As they left the merchant's tent, Titus and Mettia exchanged an impatient glance. Neither wanted to wait until that night to sample Anjana's pert breasts... not to mention the delight that lay between her thighs. Titus could discern a dark outline of hair just above her labia... even through the thin material of her gown. Though he knew that would lead to a dispute with his sister, he still licked his lips in eager anticipation. Mettia kept her cunt bald... and preferred that everyone else do so as well. Despite her protests, Titus would insist that Anjana's pubic hair remain unplucked. Something about the sight of it made him envisage raw, animalistic sex. Perhaps if Anjana kept it neatly trimmed his sister would not complain too loudly?

His eyes drawn to the spot between Anjana's legs, Titus noted that the fine Coan cloth was moist with her juices. The thought delighted him! Clearly the girl understood what he and his sister wanted of her... and was more than willing to please them!

Once out of the tent, Mettia leaned close enough to whisper. "Is there somewhere we can go? I can't wait any longer and we don't dare risk it in our cabin until nightfall."

Nodding in agreement, Titus surveyed the area around them. He had seen a couple of squalid taverns when they disembarked but he had no intention of taking Mettia to such a place. Yet he too craved the privacy to sample Anjana without further delay! Aware that there was no place back along the route to the ship, Titus led the women in the opposite direction... out of the marketplace and into a small grove. At first Mettia had no idea where her brother had taken them but it slowly dawned on her as she spotted the white marble of a small temple. "Titus, you can't be serious! Here... in Apollo's sacred grove?"

Titus laughed heartily at the astonishment in his sister's tone. "No, not in the grove. It's hard to tell who might stroll up on us. I was thinking of the temple itself!" He paused a moment as he observed the shock in Mettia's eyes. "Why not? From all accounts, Apollo's as randy as any of the gods. Besides, the priests only hold sacrifices at dawn and dusk. There won't be anyone there at this time of day... or would you rather wait?"

Even as Mettia opened her mouth to concur, Titus heard another voice... subdued yet insistent. "No... I don't want to wait."

Exchanging a glance, Titus and Mettia turned to consider the slave. Plainly Anjana did not want to wait. Her left hand was already cupping her pubic mound... the heel of her palm pressing against it as her fingers dug into the folds of her labia even through her gown. Grinning mischievously, Mettia licked the corners of her lips as she answered her brother... unable to turn her attention back to Titus as she watched Anjana play with herself. Unconscious of her actions, Mettia's hand followed the slave's example even as she spoke harshly to the girl. "Anjana, you must never forget that you are my slave! You are not here to indulge your carnal passions! Stop that immediately and come here!"

Abashed at the stark reminder of her place, the slave rapidly fell to her knees in front of her new mistress. "Forgive me... I will not forget myself again. Punish me however you wish."

With a smile that betrayed her exasperated tone, Mettia placed a hand on each of the girl's shoulders... deftly releasing the pins that held the Coan silk in place. Sliding sensuously along the contours of Anjana's body, the costly garment pooled neatly around her knees and ankles. Anjana's flesh was far darker than the olive skintone of most Italians and Greeks... even darker than the Syrian slave who cooked for their family at home in Rome. Still the girl's areole stood out against the dusky skin of her pert breasts. In that instant, Titus wanted nothing more than to suck at each of Anjana's hard nipples -- taut and erect -- but his sister clearly had other plans for the girl first.
