 Every time she looked at him all she could think about was his cock. Was it big and throbbing with veins bulging out from the flesh? Was it long and smooth? Was the head large and swollen? Not that it mattered. She just wanted to suck it. In fact she would gladly have dropped to her knees behind the counter to do just that if she thought she could get away with it… and not get fired. After all, he was her boss. 

Kristy could feel her pussy leaking into her panties the more she thought about it. She had been attracted to the handsome 27 year old Pharmacist ever since she started working there. He seemed to enjoy her flirting but she hadn’t worked up the nerve to take it any further. Not yet anyway. This left her in the awkward position of leaving work every night with a pussy that badly needed attention. 

Kristy was twenty, blonde, shapely in all the right places and constantly horny. Sex was always on her mind. Getting laid should have been easier. Fingers and vibrators were okay, but what she really needed was a big thick cock stuffed inside her. Not that she was inexperienced. Kristy had fucked her share of men. She just needed it more often… like three or four times a day!

She left work that afternoon with a particularly strong burning in her loins. She wanted to run right home to her vibrator, but first she needed to stop at a nearby department store. They were having a one day half-price sale on women’s underwear. At the rate she was going through panties from constantly being horny she needed a few extra pair. 

Kristy picked out several thongs, panties and bras that she liked. She really wanted to try them on first, but knew that trying on underwear was not something the store encouraged. She found a pair of jeans, glanced around to make sure no one was looking, wrapped the panties and bras in the jeans and went back to the dressing rooms. 

She put on a pair of black lacy silk thongs that felt really sexy. She bent over and looked at her ass in the mirror and could just imagine wearing them to work, bending over like that and having her Pharmacist plunge his cock into her from behind. The image stuck in her mind. Her pussy demanded to be touched. 

Kristy backed up and pressed her ass to the mirror then put a hand down the front of the thongs until her fingers were digging in her cunt. Her other hand cupped a tit encased in a flimsy bra. In less than two minutes her body stiffened and shook with a powerful orgasm. Cum gushed from her pussy and soaked the crotch of the thong she was wearing.

Kristy realized she couldn’t give them to the sales clerk in that condition. It would be too embarrassing. Besides, the store wouldn’t miss them and she was buying a number of other items to make up for it. Leaving the thongs in place, she pulled on her clothes, stuffed her old underwear in her purse and proceeded to the check-out counter.

Kristy thought she had escaped without incident as she headed towards the exit. Unfortunately security had been more observant than she thought. Two guards grabbed her at the door, asked to see her purse and pulled out the panties and bra she had worn into the store.

“Let’s go into the back, Miss. You’ll have some explaining to do. Unless you aren’t wearing any underwear, that is.”

Kristy tried to explain as she was escorted into a small office in the back. The big one closed and locked the door. He looked menacing, his muscular body standing 6’4” and weighing no less than 250 #’s. He had short black hair, brown eyes, a square jaw and a very serious look on his face. His partner was smaller, but not by much. He had blonde curly hair and blue eyes. He wasn’t smiling either. He was the first to speak.

“Take them off. The blue jeans… take them off.

Kristy looked from one to the other and realized they were quite serious. She unsnapped her jeans and slipped them down over her ass and legs stepping out of them one at a time. She stood looking at the two men quite conscious that there was still a large wet spot in her crotch. The big man’s eyes focused between her legs before looking up into her frightened eyes.

“Now the top.”

“But I…”

“I SAID THE TOP.”

Kristy wanted to tell them that she paid for all the bras, and that hers was in her purse because she hadn’t bothered to put it back on after trying the others. She realized it was futile to try and explain anything to these Neanderthals. She pulled off her top and stood naked in front of them except for the small, damp patch of silk covering her pussy mound.

“Good. Now take off the stolen merchandise and hand it to Sergeant Jones.”

She did as she was told and stood there naked with her arms by her side and her legs together. Her shaved pussy puffed out from between her thighs like a small plum with a seam down the middle. Her shapely tits hung majestically from her chest and were capped with brown nipples that pointed slightly outward. Although Kristy was nervous, she couldn’t help but feel a tinge of excitement at the way the two hunks were lewdly staring at her.

Jones lifted the crotch of the thongs to his nose and breathed deeply, then tossed them over to his partner whose name tag read McGee. He held up the flimsy black undergarment and inspected it before dropping it on the desk. Then he rummaged through her purse and pulled out her driver’s license.

“Definitely store merchandise, Kristy. It is Kristy isn’t it?”

She nodded her head, still not sure where this was going.

“Normally we would turn you over to the local authorities. There’d be a hefty fine. It would go into your record. You could lose your job. And it would become public.”

The blonde known as McGee stood and walked slowly around Kristy as he talked. He stopped behind her and checked out her creamy white ass cheeks - two perfect spheres separated by a dark crevice running down the middle.

“It would become public… all the little details published in the local papers, like how there was a large wet stain in the crotch of the panties. Be a lot of explaining to do.”

He walked back around to her front and stared lustfully at her tits and then her pussy. He sat on the edge of the desk.

“But me and Sergeant Jones are reasonable men and would hate to see a cute tart like yourself get into trouble with the law. We’re going to give you a chance to explain why we shouldn’t turn you in to the authorities. But it had better be good.”

Kristy was at a loss for words. 

“Um… well… you see, I didn’t want to give them to the sales clerk like that. You know, all messy in the front. Um… please… I’ll do anything.”

She meant what she said... at least to a point. She was nervous, but the thought of these two large men having their way with her was exciting. She had never been with two men at the same time although she had thought about it often. Her nipples swelled and her pussy started to churn. 

“You’re going to have to do much better than that, Kristy. My partner here is not nearly as easy to convince as I am. He might be more understanding if you’d get down on your knees and beg for mercy.”

McGee grabbed her arm and guided Kristy over to his partner, forcing her down to her knees. Jones unzipped his trousers and pulled out the largest slab of meat Kristy had ever seen. She looked back up at McGee who shrugged his shoulders as if there was nothing he could do about it. Jones spoke his first words in a deep voice.

“This here’s mercy. Now why don’t you show my partner and me if that pretty little mouth of yours knows how to beg for mercy. But remember, you have a lot of convincing to do.”

On cue, McGee unzipped and pulled out a second large slab of meat which he dangled in her face. Kristy looked up at Jones with her big eyes then wrapped her fingers around his huge girth and snaked her tongue across the bulging purple head. She wrapped the fingers of her other hand around McGee’s cock and started stroking it. She continued licking Jones like an ice cream cone before moving her mouth to McGee’s cock and doing the same thing.

Kristy had been horny all day. Now she had a chance to fill her sexual appetite not just with one cock, but with two. She was determined to make the most of the situation. The size of the two men worried her a little, but excited her as well. She couldn’t wait to feel her pussy stuffed full of these monster cocks. Now all she had to do was figure out how to fit them into her mouth.

She stretched her mouth around the bulbous head of Jones until her lips encircled the ridge of his crown. She sucked hard while swirling her tongue across the tight skin of his knob, then fucked just the head in and out of her mouth.

“Oh shit… fucking incredible… ahhhhhhh…”

After teasing Jones with her eager mouth, she moved to McGee whose cock was long but not as thick. She engulfed it by taking him deep into her mouth until the pointed tip pressed against the back of her throat. She bobbed her head up and down sucking and slurping his meat aggressively. He pushed into her throat a little at a time until she could feel his pubes brushing against her lips each time he thrust his cock into her mouth. McGee was close to orgasm when Kristy pulled her mouth from his cock to work on the other monster.

McGee was impatient and moved around behind her. He lifted her ass off the floor until she was standing bent over at the waist. Jones sat in a nearby chair so she could prop herself while she tried to stuff more and more of his meat into her mouth. Meanwhile McGee ran two long fingers across her already soaked cunt, burying them and twisting them around inside her. Kristy let out a muffled groan in response to the sudden invasion of her pussy.

She knew what was coming next. The fingers in her pussy withdrew and were replaced by a bulging knob of flesh pushing against her juicy peach. She felt it split open as his large cock penetrated her fuck hole and slid deep inside. Her head was spinning from the incredible pressure of McGee’s cock prying open the tight walls of her cunt. When he started to fuck her she couldn’t hold back.

“MMMmmmmppphhh… UUUunnnnggghhh… AAAaahhhhhhh…”

She was so horny her body went into instant orgasm. She stiffened then started jerking and shaking. She had to take her mouth from the large cock filling it in order to catch her breath. Jones grabbed the back of her head and slammed his monster back between her lips. Kristy was stuffed full of cock in both ends and was loving it. The initial rush of her orgasm had subsided somewhat but she still felt totally out of control.

McGee had her hips tight in his grip as he pounded his cock repeatedly into her churning pussy. He looked down and watched his glistening shaft slide in and out between her creamy cheeks. Her tight little asshole glistened with juices which continued to pour from her cunt. He could see the lips of her cunt wrapped tightly around his engorged shaft each time he pulled out.

Jones felt the warmth of her mouth envelop his monster as he slammed his cock repeatedly between her lips. She swirled her tongue over the massive head as she sucked and slurped aggressive on the hard flesh. He tried to force his cock into her throat but each time she started to gag. Spit drooled down his shaft and dripped from her chin. He wanted more and suggested to his partner that they switch.

“Good idea. Let’s see if our little thief can get that monster inside her body.”

Kristy felt herself being turned around until her back was to Jones. She straddled his lap and was slowly lowered until the swollen head of his huge cock pushed up between her legs and into the moist folds of her pussy lips. She leaned forward and pushed down until she felt her swollen peach split apart and stretched as his massive cock was forced into her tight pussy.

The pressure in her belly was unlike anything she had ever felt. Every nerve ending in her body was tingling with pleasure. He bottomed out inside her with about two inches still to go. She lifted up and slammed back down on his cock, then again and again. Kristy couldn’t hold back the orgasm which ripped through her body with an intensity she couldn’t control.

“Oooohhhh… aaaaahhhhhhh… uuuuhhhhhhh…uuuhhhhhh… oooooohhhhhhh…”

Her squeals were muted when McGee grabbed her head and shoved his cock between her lips. He began to fuck her face with a frenzy while Jones continued to pound his monster up her tight cunt. Kristy was completely out of control gasping for air as one orgasm after another surged through her body. Juices gushed freely from her pussy.

Jones couldn’t hold back. Kristy’s tight pussy gripped his cock like a vice. Cum churned in his balls as he repeatedly pounded his meat into her body. His hands wandered up to her tits and pinched her nipples hard. The next time she slammed her pussy down on his cock he shoved up into her hard driving his cock all the way into her body. A powerful blast of hot cum surged through his swollen member and erupted deep into her belly. 

Kristy lifted up and slammed down as another huge blast of cream filled her cunt. Her whole body started shaking as ripples of pleasure consumed her. She tried to scream out but only uttered muffled moans because of the cock in her mouth. The huge monster inside her continued spewing seed up her cunt until she could feel it seeping out the sides of her pussy.

McGee felt the vibrations of her throat against his cock. She gagged and choked trying to get air as he held her head and repeatedly pounded her face. Spit was drooling from his shaft and her chin. He felt a huge load building in his balls. Just before his cock exploded he pulled from her mouth and aimed the swollen head at her face. A steady stream of thick cum sprayed from the tip and splashed across her lips, nose and cheek. A second stream gushed across her forehead and into her hair. McGee pushed his cock back between her lips and pumped the rest of his load into her mouth.

Kristy had one last orgasm as Jones slowly deflated inside her pussy. He pushed her off him. She collapsed onto the floor with cum oozing from her pussy, drooling from her mouth and dripping down her face. Jones and McGee straightened their clothes and prepared to leave the room. Kristy, who had regained some semblance of consciousness, sat up and looked at them.

“No more shoplifting Kristy. But now that we know each other feel free to stop by anytime.”

Kristy smiled and waved goodbye. Yes, she thought, she was definitely going to shop here more often. Kristy pulled on her clothes and went to the ladies room to clean herself. The aching in her loins had been temporarily satisfied but she was already feeling horny again.

Kristy strolled confidently out of the store. The experience had changed her. She was going to be more bold and aggressive in the future. Tomorrow she would fuck her boss at work… or get fired. She didn’t care. In fact instead of going home she was going to find a pub and look for some helpless businessman having a pint after work. In fact, maybe she could talk him into fucking her ass… something she loved and was still in need of servicing.

Just as she got out the door she was grabbed by three policemen who handcuffed her and threw her in the back of their car. One got in the back with her while the other two sat in the front. None of them said a word as they sped off. Finally the one riding shotgun turned and looked at her with a deadly serious face.

“You really fucked up this time, didn’t you young lady? Shoplifting is a serious crime. On top of that you offered sexual favors to the security guards to drop it. That’s called prostitution and bribery. You’re going to do jail time, Miss.”

Now Kristy was scared. She couldn’t go to jail. She just couldn’t.

“Look, there’s been some mistake. Please. Please don’t make me go to jail. I’ll do anything to make it right. I’ll work at the store for free. I’ll give you everything I have in savings. Please don’t take me to jail.”

Tears were streaming down her cheeks. She looked from one to the other looking for signs of sympathy.  The car pulled into an alley and stopped. The officer in the back seat spoke.

“You and Joe go for a short walk while I talk to the little lady back here, okay?”

The other two got out of the car and walked towards the end of the alley. The policeman in the back seat unlocked her handcuffs. He was a big man like the two store security guards. Kristy was still terrified, unsure what was going to happen to her.

“I know what you’re thinking. You’re thinking that you didn’t do anything wrong, that you’ve been set up. Why don’t you tell me exactly what happened. Don’t leave out any details.”

Kristy told him the entire story. She tried to minimize the details of her sexual encounter but he insisted she tell him. Her nipples became hard and she could feel her pussy leaking as she recounted the incident. When she was finished she sat there in silence waiting for him to speak.

“From the way you told the story I would say you enjoyed what they did to you. Would you agree?”

Kristy was unsure how to answer. She noticed a police car pulling into the alley behind them and another pulling in front

“Um… well, you know, they were bigger than me.”

“The truth. I want the truth. Did you have an orgasm.”

“Um… I guess… yeah.”

“How many? Several, right? The fact is you couldn’t get enough, could you?”

Kristy shook her head in agreement, afraid to disagree. Besides, it was true.

“That’s what I thought. Turn around.”

He handcuffed her hands behind her back and put a blindfold over her eyes. He opened the door and pushed her out of the car. He took her by the arm and walked her down the alley to a door in one of the buildings. They went into a room with mattresses along one of the walls. He pushed her down to her knees.

“Wait here.”

He left. Kristy was terrified. She couldn’t see and couldn’t really move very well with her hands cuffed behind her back. Five minutes passed, then ten. Finally she heard the door open. Footsteps walked up to her. She heard a zipper being pulled down and then felt a fleshy protrusion brushing against her face. Hands went to the back of her head. A fat cock pushed between her lips and into her mouth. It quickly grew to full hardness.

Kristy was still scared but did what came natural. Her tongue swirled over the swollen head as she sucked him into her mouth. She pushed her tongue under the length of his cock and let it slide into her throat. He started fucking her face as if it were a pussy. It was all she could do to keep from choking.

This strangers big thick cock relentlessly hammered in and out of her mouth and down her throat. His balls slapped against her chin. Spit was drooling freely from her lips and dripping from his cock. She struggled for air but each time she pulled her mouth away he quickly rammed his cock back into it.

Her jaw was sore. She was helpless to move her hands and had to take his relentless pounding. After about five minutes of this he pulled on her hair and rammed his cock hard into her mouth. Warm cum splashed off the roof. He continued fucking into her mouth and filling it with creamy seed which drooled from her lips.

When he was finished someone else came into the room and pushed her down on the mattress. He unsnapped her jeans and pulled them down with her panties removing them from her one leg at a time. Then he ripped the blouse from her body. He helped her back up to her knees and pressed her face down into the mattress. 

Kristy felt a cock press against the entrance to her pussy and split open as it pushed inside her. It went deeper and deeper until it was fully buried in her cunt. Despite the humiliation of it all, her body responded passionately to this invasion. A powerful orgasm was building in her belly. The big cock slammed into her hard jerking her body forward on each thrust.
