 A long time ago I decided to explore every possibility as far as my sexuality went. The Internet has been an invaluable tool for this. Many other people with similar desires have gone there to look for potential partners, and I have been fortunate enough to get to play with several of them. Just to please myself, and to titillate whoever reads this, I've decided to write down some of my adventures. NOTE: all of these are based on true encounters I've had. Here and there I've changed relatively minor details to better accommodate the story to the written page, but that's uncommon. All of these are about people from the Internet.

#1 - Tom and Sandy

I met Tom on an Internet bulletin board about two years ago. He lived nearby and said he had an ongoing fantasy involving men with big cocks. He and his wife desperately wanted to find that elusive guy who is a) well hung and b) skilled with his equipment. Now before I pat myself on my back about what a big cock I have, let me explain. I never really thought I was that big, but then again, I didn't really know. Maybe I'm not hung like a lot of porn stars, but every woman I'd been with kept telling me how big I was - even women with no reason whatsoever to try and flatter me. I guess I've got about eight inches, I'm not sure, and it seems fairly thick. I've watched people wrap two hands around my shaft and still have plenty to suck on, for whatever that's worth.

So I decided I had what it took to fulfill Tom's fantasy, or at least I decided to take a stab at it. I only got more determined to show him the time of his life when I found out his wife Sandy wanted to watch and join in. So we set up a meeting and I drove out to their house for an evening of fun.

When I walked in, only Tom was there to greet me. He was about thirty, muscular and thin, with short dark hair and dark eyes, wearing jeans and a sweatshirt. He told me to come in; Sandy was shy and waiting in the back for him to take care of the introductions. She apparently wasn't interested in much besides the sex.

We got to know each other and after a while he disappeared into the back. Instead of Tom, though, Sandy came back out and told me to come join them in the back room. She was gorgeous... a petite, small-breasted blond with waves of long hair hanging down her back. She was wearing a tight and skimpy pair of denim shorts and a T-shirt, and I could see that her nipples were already hard. I couldn't wait.

I followed her into the back, where she promptly sat down in a chair, smiling fiendishly. Tom smiled at me and said what I already knew. She wanted to watch Tom and I go at it for a while. This wasn't my first boy-boy-girl threesome, and I had learned that just like some men craved watching two women play with each other, some girls loved to watch two guys together. I smiled back and decided quickly to oblige her. I walked over to Tom and put my hands on his hips, smiling. Before he had a chance to respond I had dropped to my knees and begun unfastening his jeans. Within moments they were discarded on the bedroom floor and his hardening prick was warming my face through his drawers. They disappeared too, and his cock sprung out beautifully for me, still half-hard. He wasn't that big, maybe six inches when he got fully hard, but I didn't care. All I wanted at that moment was to let the beautiful Sandy see me swallow whatever he had, six inches or twelve.

And swallow it I did. At first I flicked my tongue over his cockhead, watching his length bob up and down in front of me, but then I started to take his circumcised glans into my mouth and suck it, back and forth, rubbing my lips over the swell of his head time and time again. I grasped the base of his cock firmly in my right hand and started squeezing and pulling as I sucked the tip, coaxing his meat out to its full length before earnestly diving onto it and pumping it in and out of my mouth. I could easily deep-throat his length, and before long my hand was out of the picture and I was simply thrusting him from base to tip in and out of my mouth, sucking him and licking him with increasing fervor.

Tom was moaning, obviously still in that state of bi-curiosity where just having a man's mouth on your cock sends you into ecstasy. In the corner of my eye I could see Sandy smiling broadly. Her fingers were caressing her crotch through her denim shorts, her legs just slightly spread.

I pushed Tom down onto the bed and admired his fully hard prick, throbbing with excitement. I asked him if he thought he and I should get naked and he said yes; he slipped off his shirt and I removed my clothes one layer at a time till I was left with nothing but my underwear, stretched to bursting with my pulsing cock.

"Are you ready to inspect my equipment, Tom?" I asked, just slightly nervous that I wouldn't pass the bar. He responded by yanking my drawers off, freeing my hard-on in a matter of seconds.

Tom actually looked slightly disappointed; I'm not sure what he expected, but men are always the toughest to please when it comes to cock size. Sandy on the other hand took one look at my dick and I swear she purred. "That's the nicest one yet, isn't it, Tom?" she said while slipping off her T-shirt. Her little titties were pert and pale, and tipped with wondrously big nipples for such small breasts. They were hard and pink.

Tom didn't reply to her. He simply descended on my cock, coiling a hand around the solid base and starting to suck it like he was desperate to make me come. If it wasn't big enough for him, I certainly couldn't tell. I twisted myself around till we were in a 69, sucking wildly at each other's hard dicks. He was choking and sputtering on mine, trying to get it all down, but I expertly deep-throated his meat, taking it deep down inside, relaxing my jaw and letting his length penetrate me over and over.

Sandy was pulling off her shorts and out of the corner of my eye, beyond Tom's thrusting dick, I saw her tiny strip of blond pubes nestled between perfectly rounded thighs. She was thin and gorgeous, and the sheen of moisture I saw in her hairs promised me I was in for a good time.

Tom was still sucking like an infant at my cock, and it kept getting harder, thicker, and even longer as he went at it. The scent of his cock and balls just beneath my nose only served to increase my lust; as I let him fuck my mouth I got randier and randier.

Sandy put one leg up on the bed, exposing her tiny little blond bush to Tom, and said, "Do I get to check out what he's got, too, Tom? It looks nice from over there but I want to see it up close..."

Tom released my prick, licking it a few times for good measure, and moved away from me, freeing his own sex from my mouth also. "Lay back, Jacob," he asked, "so we can see how big your dick really is."

I did as they asked, lying back on the bed, my unbelievably hard cock resting on my belly, stretching up to my warm navel and slightly beyond. It was bigger than I remembered ever seeing it get, just from the promise of getting to fuck this crazy couple.

They lay down beside me, one on either side. Sandy wrapped one of her little fists around my shaft, barely getting her thumb to stretch around it (she had to squeeze it pretty hard) and slid it down till every millimeter of my dick was throbbing above her hand, the purple and swollen head shiny with Tom's hot saliva.

"It's really big, Tom, and it's still hard enough he could put it in my pussy. Not like that other guy you brought home, the male stripper..."

Tom rubbed my cockhead. "It'll do the trick," he said, and then both of them began sucking me together. Sandy was sucking my balls and Tom was fellating my nice big dick. I was in seventh heaven; there is almost nothing better for me than the feeling of two people working together to suck my dick. There was plenty of room for both of them to suck and lick and stroke at the same time. I felt like I was on the verge of blasting my hot load all over both their faces when they decided to stop. I guess they could tell how close I was, and nobody wanted to risk me being out of commission before I'd gotten to sample all the other lovely, wet openings present.

"Fuck me," Sandy said simply, and then bent over, face to the bed sheets, her slender and unbelievable ass up in the air. She reached back and grasped her lovely cheeks, parting them wide to give us a full view of her goods. Tom moved out of the way and I simply sat there admiring Sandy's gorgeous cunt for a second. It was deep and pinkish-brown, covered with a thin strip of golden hair, so wet it was shining, and flanked by a pair of thick, swollen, and pink lips. Above it was a perfectly clean and totally hairless pucker of an asshole, nestled between those firm, pale buttocks that were already spread far apart to accommodate my cock in her twat. Unfortunately, Tom had told me online that Sandy didn't like it up her ass - just like most of you girls. (From personal experience, though, I think everyone needs to give the backdoor a little more of a chance - it hurts at first, but once it stops, it's amazing.) But what the hell, I thought, with a pussy like that, I shouldn't be complaining.

I looked over at Tom, who smiled and nodded. He was slowly stroking his dick, watching my big cock intently as it moved toward his wife's cunt. I grabbed her bony hips to steady her, then began to thrust my railspike dick into her almost virgin-tight cunt. She sighed and pushed back as I put inch after inch into her, till at last the entire length of my prick was buried inside her. The wet warmth of her labia wrapped around my balls as I started to fuck her like a dog, in and out over and over, pumping her little pussy while Tom sat there and watched, occasionally reaching down to feel my dripping wet dick while it was still buried in her cunt. I spread her ass cheeks to get my long dick more deeply into her snatch, thrusting every last inch in. Tom was going crazy with excitement, watching his wife's little twat stretch around me as I fucked her. Sandy reached a hand up and started to jerk Tom off, gasping almost incoherently as she received her service from me. She pulled Tom (by his dick) in front of her and started to suck him; just like he did with me, he started to fuck her mouth, and she didn't have any trouble taking him either (I guess that's the advantage of a smaller package). Sandy was quickly coming around the thick cock shoved up inside her, spasming her tender body all around it.

But neither Tom nor me were done yet, so we all changed positions. Sandy crawled onto my face, positioning her tight (and by now very wet and musky) cunt over my face. She then leaned over into a perfect sixty-nine, taking my cock into her mouth. I eagerly stuffed my tongue into her dripping cunt, licking her clit and invading her opening over and over. But it's in my nature apparently that if I have a good chance to lick a lady's asshole, I'm going to; before long I was holding her ass-cheeks apart and rimming her beautiful butthole for all I was worth. I loved the hot and salty musk inside her ass, and lathered it up really good, till it was as wet an inch inside as her pussy was on the outside. Sandy just kept sucking at my prick, stretching her little mouth around its uncommon girth and taking it deep into her throat.

By this time Tom had moved around behind Sandy to watch me eat her. I was starting to go crazy; intoxicated by the taste of her immaculately clean ass, I began feverishly attacking her clit, my tongue circling about it in a swarm. She was ALMOST literally dripping her juices onto my face at this point. I persisted, and she came, and came again, and then I noticed Tom's sticky and moist dickhead rubbing against my face. He wanted some of the action; he wanted some of his wife's twat and who could blame him? It tasted great, smelled great, and fucked like a dream.

Tom rolled Sandy over as I moved away from the scene. Her tits were so pretty, her belly so smooth and thin, and her blond hair was becoming matted and tangled with sweat and sexual energy. My cock, still denied release, was hard as a rock. Tom didn't hesitate to lift her legs up to his shoulders and penetrate her hot cunt with his hot and hard cock. He rocked back and forth inside her, fucking her deeply. I was in no mood to stop either, so I straddled her chest and began rubbing my precum soaked head over her face and lips. She licked it up and sucked at me, as if to signal she was ready to drink my cum whenever I gave it up. Tom reached around from behind me and grabbed my meat from her and told me to turn around. While he continued to push his meat in and out of Sandy's virgin-tight pussy, I turned around and found him waiting to start sucking my dick again as he fucked his wife.

This was unbelievably erotic for me. I had a horny man's mouth sucking madly at my cock; I was watching his skilled prick maneuver in and out of one of the most pristine and model-like pussies I had ever seen, just like in the porno movies; and I was straddling Sandy's chest, where I could feel her hard and shockingly long and large nipples prodding into my thighs. But as if that wasn't enough, Sandy did the one thing she could have done to make me hotter. She reached up, legs still spread, cunt still receiving Tom's hot cock, and spread apart my ass cheeks which were poised over her face, and then, without warning, began to eat my little virgin butthole as surely as I ate her cunt. I began going crazy, using every ounce of willpower to hold in my cum as that perfect sensation of gentle anal penetration flooded my body. This was such an obscene, yet divine, fantasy that I was living out... I didn't want it to end.

But one last stunning thing was to happen... as I hovered on the edge of mind-bending orgasm with Sandy's tongue slipping deep inside my ass and probing my crack, Tom lifted up from my cock and, after thrusting himself into Sandy's cunt as deeply as possible, told me what he REALLY wanted.

"Jacob," he said, "what I've always wanted is to have a hung guy put his dick up my ass while I'm fucking Sandy. Will you do it?"

In a daze, suddenly wakened by the pause, I nodded deliriously and rolled off of Sandy's chest. Tom continued to fuck Sandy's little twat as I scoured the room for some lubricant (it wasn't too hard to find around there). Soon I had some KY and was massaging it into Tom's already relaxed butthole and over my long and molten-hot cock. I moved behind the heavily fucking couple, grabbed Tom's ass cheeks and spread them, and pressed the wide head of my cock against his shiny, lubed ass.

I hesitated for a moment; I wasn't very experienced with anal sex at the time, either with women or men, and it didn't seem possible that something the size of my cock could fit into his little ass without killing him. Sandy reassured me, though, gasping between thrusts, "He can.. mmm... take it... oh... jacob... yeah... last week he ... goddamn!... had a guy even bigger than you... oh yeah... and he took it... yeah... guy couldn't stay hard so just... yeah, yeah!... fuck him till he comes!"

I steeled myself and grabbed Tom's hips. "Here it comes, Tom," I warned him, and then began pressing my thick and hot head into his tiny little asshole. With an almost silent pop it slipped in. Tom winced for a second, but scarcely even broke his rhythm inside Sandy. Soon I had my entire length worked into his veteran ass, and I was pumping him back and forth, in and out. As the three of us fucked, stacked up like pancakes, our rhythms slowly came together into a perfect union. I was slamming my meat up Tom's rear as hard as I could, ruthlessly ass-fucking him, and he was pushing his cock in and out of Sandy's wide-spread twat wildly. I heard Sandy gasping in orgasm; Tom leaned over and bit one of her nipples and she flew into a spasm, going wild with her release. Within seconds Tom fired his load into her twat, pulling his cock out just long enough to leave a spurt of hot white jizm scattered across her belly. The sight of that almost pornographic cum-shot was the last straw for me, and, pulling Tom back on me till every inch of my cock was buried inside him, I let my load go up Tom's ass, firing what must have been a gallon of cum straight into his welcoming bowels.

The night was pretty much over then. We all exchanged pleasantries; I washed my face to make sure I didn't smell too much like pussy before going to work; and then I left. Tom and Sandy never bothered to contact me again. Maybe Tom really wasn't satisfied with the size of my cock, or maybe they found somebody else, or maybe they just didn't want ANY kind of relationship no matter how shallow and purely sexual. Who knows? And who cares? It was a spectacular night, and worth it no matter what they thought... we all had fun, we all got off, and no body got hurt.

Maybe I'll write more of my adventures later. Anybody that wants to hear more, just write to me, especially if a) you live in my area (the southern US) or b) you have hot true stories of your own from your internet adventures that you'd like to trade.