 I saw him at the Renaissance fair. I had been walking through the two large loops that intertwined making up the thoroughfare for the shopkeepers. Leather workers, Blacksmiths, Jewelers, Alchemists, Soap makers, and Traders had all come to sell their wares. It was an open-air market of wondrous delight. I was hunting, in search of treasure.

I stop at his booth. Swords and daggers adorn the walls in a visually aesthetic display. The side of the building opens to the forge that he was working. He is of Norse descent. His body is well-toned, long, and lean; a product of his craft. The air is warm for October, and he works shirtless. His blonde hair is partially braided, pulled back from his head by a ponytail.

His blue eyes travel from my red hair to the toes of my boots. He smiles appreciatively at my pirate's garb. "What can a humble blacksmith do for his lady pirate?" My mouth dries up as that smile is reflected in his eyes. I clear my throat, trying to find my voice. "I am looking for a sword, good sir." He walks over to the display, running his hands over the hilts.

"Is there something that you have in mind, or anything that catches your particular interest?" The muscles in his arm flex, making his veins stand out. I have the urge to trace them with my tongue. "Yes. I am looking for a long sword." His fingers skim the hilts, until it comes to a green leather one. He pulls the long sword from the wall; it is appropriate to my height and weight. He holds it out by the hilt.

I take it from him, testing the weight and balance in my hand. My focus in on the excellent quality of the sword. I look up to find his attention solely focused on me. It startles me. The sword slips from my grip, but I snag the hilt with my hand. I'm embarrassed at my mistake, and hand the sword back to him.

"I like it very much. What are you asking for it?" He takes the sword from me, polishes it with a cloth, then sets it back on the wall. He turns back to me. "This one's not for sale." I am disappointed. That sword would have been a compliment to my garb, and it felt good in my hand. "Thank you for your time, good sir."

I turn to my left, and start walking away. He comes out from his booth. He grabs my wrist gently, halting me. I look at him, curiously. "Come with me. Please." I nod my consent, following his lead. He heads for the back of the building to a camping trailer. He opens the door, and walks up the steps. I follow him in.

He turns. His hand skims up my arm to my neck. He lightly grasps my neck. "Now, my lady, what treasures do you have hidden there?" I bat my eyelashes at him. "I don't give up my treasures easily. You're going to plunder and pillage to find out." I lick my bottom lip.

His thumb pushes my head back. His mouth comes down on mine. His tongue seeks entrance, and I open my mouth to him. His other hand comes around my back, pulling me to him. I am nestled against him. I feel his hard dick pushing into me. I push myself against him, encouraging him to action. He backs me against the wall, trapping me.

My hands grip his sides, tugging him, trying to get closer. His hand comes from behind my back, deftly undoing my costume. I shrug out of it. We kick our shoes off. My hands go to his pants working the closing open. His cock springs out of me. My hand takes a hold of him, so I can feel his size. He is a heavy weight in my hand, and I am eager to play.

I break the kiss off, drop down to my knees, and lick his shaft. I suck on the tip, licking the underside, while I fondle his balls. His hand tangles itself in my hair. He pulls gently, effectively stopping me. I look up. He grins wickedly. "I like your enthusiasm, but that's not where I want to bury myself." He lifts me up from my knees.

He stands behind me, guiding me down the hall to his bed. I stop in front of it. There is a woman laying on it. She smiles at me. "How greedy are you, my pirate queen?" He asks. "Extremely." I whisper on a breath.

She rises off the bed, sensuously. She is taller than I and buxom. Beautiful with raven black hair. I can smell her arousal. My mouth waters to taste her, and my puss clenches. She leans forward. Her fingers stroke my slit, exploring and touching. I lean forward, kissing her lips.

She brings her hand up between us. I lick myself from her fingers. He turns my head, kisses me deeply. "My wench and I love to eat pussy. She doesn't get to very often, and is very hungry." He sits on the bed, leaning back against the wall at the head. He crooks his finger at me, then pats the bed in front of him.

I get up there with him, sitting in front of him. He pulls me back against him. He kisses me, while spreading my legs. I feel her position herself between my legs. Her fingers spread my lips open. She sets her mouth against me, and pleasure starts seeping through my veins. Her tongue sweeps me from top to bottom, seeking my sensitive spots.

His strong hands roam over my body. My hips push against her mouth wanting more. I feel her sink the tips of her thumbs into me, dipping into my wetness. The thumbs of her pads massage the inside of my lips. Her tongue dives into my hole, as she sucks on my clit. Her ministrations encourage my arousal. My vagina is soaked.

Her head comes up. "Love, I think our Pirate Lady is ready." His hand travels to my hole. He slips his finger inside of me. I arch against it, trying to take it deeper. "She is soaked, but I want a taste for myself. What say you, Lady? Would you like to taste my wench, while I plunder your treasures?" He removes his finger. I get up on my knees, and push her back against the bed.

I spread her apart with my thumbs, dragging my tongue over her. She tastes spicy and sweet at the same time. The musk of her arousal is intoxicating. I moan. I feel him sit up behind me. His hands lift my ass into the air by my hips. I shimmy myself at him, wanting more. I feel his mouth on me, more insistently than his wench, but it feels so good. I push back, driving him on.

He obliges, devouring me. I come all over his face. As I do, I push more deeply into her. Her juices coat my own face. I feel his hand on my clit, wringing all that he can out of my orgasm. I keep my face buried in her, licking, and sucking. She writhes against my mouth. I feel him moving behind me. His cock breaches my entrance. I gasp as my sensitized nerves work overtime, trying to relay it to my brain.

He pushes inside of me stroking deeply. My body struggles to accept him, but I am so wet, that he succeeds. His hands hold my hips, as he strokes slowly. The pleasure that he gives me translates to fervency in eating her out. I put my thumb against her clit, rubbing it while I shove my tongue inside her. She comes, flooding my mouth. I suck it all up, drinking it down.

When she is finished, she sits up. She takes my face in her hands, kissing me deeply. "Thank you." I smile at her. "No, thank you." She smiles back. She places her hands on my shoulders, pushing me back. His hand comes across my waist, while the other cradles my neck, holding me in place. She kisses my lips. Her finger softly strokes my clit in tandem with him.

The feeling and scents of masculine and feminine wrap themselves around me, intoxicating me. Her finger works my clit faster. My body tightens in his arms, and I come again. Her hand catches my wetness. She offers it to me. I suck her fingers clean. He pulls out of me, releases me, then lays down on the bed. She straddles his cock, sinking down. I watch her as she rocks herself into him.

He pulls me on top of his face. His tongue pushes into me. She reaches out, fondling my nipples. I place my thumb on her clit, stroking it as he pumps into her. He grabs my hips, holding me in place. His chin rubs into my clit, and he slams into her, faster and faster.

She screams as an orgasm rips through her. He comes. She bares down on him, grinding into him. She rolls off him, slumping on the bed with a smile on her face. He shakes his face against me, and the stubble on his chin abrades my clit to another orgasm. I scream my pleasure.

I back off his face. He grabs my neck. He pulls me down and kisses me. "Thank you, Lady Pirate." She nods her head in agreement. I stand up on legs that are made of jelly. He gets up from the bed, and follows me. We walk to where my clothes are. I pick them up and start dressing myself. He helps me with my ties.

When I am done, he holds the door for me, and follows me out. As I walk past his booth, he calls out. "Wait!" I halt, looking at him. He picks the sword from the wall that I wanted earlier. He puts it in a long, green leather sheath. He offers it to me. "How much?" I ask. "It is not for sale. It is a gift. A token, for the pleasure that you gave my wife and me."

I take the sword, tie it onto my belt. "The pleasure was all mine." I take my hat off with a flourish, and execute a perfect gentleman's bow. I stand up right. "A good day to you, Blacksmith." With that, I take my leave, hunting for my next treasure.