 One night while at the local bar the wife and I extended an invitation once again to the barmaid to join us in our Jacuzzi for drinks after she got off work and to our astonishment she said she would love to come out and join us.

She wanted to know if we were going to be in it tonight and we told her that if she wanted to come out we definitely would be.

She asked if she should bring anything out and we told her just her birthday suit, a smile and an open mind.

She giggled and said it sounded interesting and we told her it could get real interesting before the night was over.

The wife and I left the bar at closing time and told Emmy we would see her as soon as she got done cleaning the bar and made it out.

When Emmy arrived the wife took her upstairs to our bathroom so they could get into their birthday suits and I told them I would get the Jacuzzi ready.

While they were in the bathroom getting ready I went ahead and stripped off and took the cooler out with me.

Within a minute or so my wife and Emmy came out wrapped in large towels and I couldn't wait for them to take them off revealing those beautiful bodies.

They took their towels off and put them in one of the deck chairs and headed for the Jacuzzi.

It was winter time and quite cold outside so their nipples were hard as could be and although I wasn't cold the sight of these girls was starting to make parts of me hard.

They slipped into the Jacuzzi and it was quite a sight to see the beautiful flesh slowly disappear under the water.

Once they had become accustomed to the hot water they were ready for a drink, which I retrieved for them.

I made them get their own drinks from that point forward, not because I'm not a gentleman but I loved to watch them raise up out of the water with moonlight reflecting off their glistening wet bodies and hard nipples from the cold night air.

When they would lean over to get into the cooler those beautiful asses would stick up in the air and you could see those sweet pussy lips peaking out at you and it was driving me wild.

We had been in there about an hour and feeling a little giddy from the alcohol and were talking about almost everything under the sun when I asked Emmy just how big that kinky streak was that she has.

Leave it to me to turn the conversation to a sexual nature but that's how you learn things.

She never would tell me before when I asked her but I guess the alcohol and the present situation prompted her and she said it might be bigger than we could handle.

I just laughed and said we'll see about that and the wife said that sounded like a challenge.

I then asked if anyone wanted to play a game and they both wanted to know what it was and I told them it was a naughty guessing game.

Although they weren't quite sure they inquired as to how to play this game and I told them that our guest would be the first participant since she was the guest and we should extend all cordialities to her.

I told them that the person that was doing the guessing would be blindfolded and sit up out of the water on the edge of the Jacuzzi and the other two people could touch, kiss or lick any part of the blindfolded persons body for 10 seconds then the blindfolded person would try to guess who it was that was initiating contact with them.

If they got it right it was time for another contact to be made and they had to be wrong 3 times before someone else got the blindfold.

So if you enjoyed what was happening to you while being blindfolded then it was important to guess the right person.

Over the next hour or so we all had our turns wearing the blindfold and I don't know about the ladies but I really enjoyed my time behind the mask with two beautiful women kissing and licking all the various parts of my anatomy.

Finally my wife said that she didn't know about anyone else but all this skin to skin contact had made her horny and we all agreed so I suggested we move inside, dry off and see what kinds of indoor games we could come up with.

As soon as we were all dried off I told them to get on the bed on their knees facing each other which they did then they asked now what.

I told them to close their eyes and let their hands explore the other persons body all over.

While they did this I would go from one to the other gently kissing the backs of their neck sending shivers throughout their bodies.

After just a short time it was obvious that both girls were becoming highly aroused so I told them that the game was about to become more serious and they asked how serious and I said they would see.

I told Emmy to lay on her back on the bed and I told my wife to start at Emmys tits and lick her way down past her pussy down one leg and back up the other then she could lick her pussy if she wished.

My wife eagerly started licking Emmys body, slowly circling her nipples with her tongue and sucking them into her mouth then releasing them.

As she worked her way down Emmys body you could the level of arousal in both women rise to the point that low moans could be her escaping both of them.

They were both squirming from the excitement they were experiencing.

I watched for quite a while but then when my wife went down between Emmys legs I felt it was my duty to make sure my wife got some added attention of her own.

When the wifes hot breath hit Emmy moist pussy she let out a moan and when the wife flicked Emmys clit and pussy lips with her tongue she let out a gasp that was interpreted as and expression of pleasure.

While the wife was eating Emmys pussy I moved behind her and started to lick her pussy and this made her eat Emmy with such a feverish pitch I wasn't sure if she was hurting her or all the noise was pure pleasure sounds.

After I thought both women had had enough of this I told the wife it was her turn on the bottom and that it was Emmys turn to lick her so they quickly switched and Emmy started to work my wife over.

The way my wife was squirming around I didn't know how Emmy kept her tongue on her.

I was just sitting there watching both women enjoy themselves when my wife asked if I was going to show the same consideration to our guest that I had given her so without a word I buried my face in Emmys crotch from behind and started licking like it was a wonderful lollipop.

This was a great site to see my wife grinding her pelvis up against Emmys face while Emmy ground her ass back against mine.

I licked Emmy from her clit to her asshole and after a few trips and when I thought she might be ready I buried my tongue in her ass and she let out a squeal from excitement and the vibration on my wifes pussy from her Emmys squeal almost sent my wife over the edge.

I finally pulled back and told them that there was one more thing then it was my turn on the bottom to which they both agreed.

They asked what the one thing was and I told them to lay one on top of the other because I had always fantasized about eating two pussies at once.

After they got situated I hungrily started licking them from asshole to asshole and they must have been enjoying it because when I snuck A peek I saw they licking each other tongues and nibbling each others lips.

I could have let this go on endlessly but I wanted my turn on the bottom too.

I laid back and let both girls work their magic on me with their tongues and I was enjoying myself to the fullest extent.

It was fantastic to look down and see two beautiful women lick each side of my dick and watch as their tongues touched together.

They were licking me, and each other at the same time and it was so erotic I thought I was going to cum just from watching.

Finally my wife raised up and said she wanted to try something and Emmy and I asked her what it was and she said she wanted Emmy to sit on my cock and lean back so my wife could not only see my cock buried in Emmy but she could lick my dick and Emmys pussy at the same time.

Emmy slowly let her moist velvety pussy slid down my dick until it had totally engulfed me and it felt wonderful. 

As she rode up and down and ground herself against my cock my wife sucked, licked and nibbled until Emmy groaned with passion and then exploded into a thrashing squealing orgasmic convulsions.

After she caught her breath she said that her and my wife should switch places so she hopped off my dick and the wife slid onto it.

I didn't care because I was in a mans fantasy heaven with all this delicious pussy getting so excited that they were willing to experiment and try almost anything.

This was a wonderful feeling because after so many years together my wifes pussy fit my dick like a custom made glove and it felt fantastic.

After a very short time Emmy had my wife thrashing around on my dick like some kind of wild animal until she came.

When my wife cums her clit gets very sensitive and she had to push Emmys face away from her crotch so I told Emmy to get up there and straddle my face so I would be smothered all over in pussy. 

I was so excited I think a stiff breeze would have made me cum so I decided to move things along before I exploded and had to sit out a while so that's exactly what I decided to do.

I had both girls lay on their backs facing away from each other with their asses toward each other and as they got themselves into this position I got into the toy drawer and got out the double headed dong and licked each pussy to ensure it was wet and ready then I inserted one end into my wifes pussy and the other end into Emmys then I leaned back and told them to enjoy.

They started off moving around slowly grinding their pelvises in a circular motion then they were picking up the tempo to the point that they were bucking, rocking and grinding their pussies together with the double headed dong completely buried inside them.

I don't think you could have planned it any better because about the time I heard my wife starting to cum, Emmy was moaning with pleasure that surely had to be an orgasm working its way through her body.

Finally the two just laid there motionless with the double dong still buried deep inside each one and it looked lovely to see their juices mixed together and glistening on their inner thighs.

After I thought they had rested enough I told my wife to lay on her back and Emmy to get over her in the 69 position so they could eat each other at the same time which they eagerly did.

While they were enjoying the taste of each others juices I told them I didn't know how much more of this I could take and that I needed to release myself and asked which one of them wanted me to dump a load inside them.

My wife said she could get it anytime she wanted and that Emmy was our guest which entitled her to special privileges so I should let her have the honor of being filled up.

So without a word I got behind Emmy and slid my cock into her hot moist pussy until I had reached the base of my dick and I was completely buried inside her.

I started to slowly fuck in and out of her pussy but it didn't take long for me to pick up the tempo to the point that my balls were slamming against her clit which made her squirm even more.

With the feeling of Emmy fucking back at me, and my wifes tongue occasionally flicking my balls I slipped over the edge and exploded into Emmys waiting pussy.

Emmy was moaning and groaning into my wifes pussy and I was sure she was cumming with me.

It seemed like I would never quit cumming but the feeling was fantastic and I didn't want it to stop.

I came so much that it was oozing out of Emmys pussy and dripping down onto my wifes face and I guess it was the combination of Emmy eating her pussy and our mixed juices dripping on her but I could hear her cumming again.

We collapsed into a mass of sweating flesh and just lay there for a few minutes to regain our senses.

I lit us all a cigarette and we just lay there and smoked and enjoyed the sight of the naked flesh glistening with our mixed juices.

I told the girls we should jump in the shower and get cleaned up a little so we headed for the bathroom.

All three of us got into the shower and we took turns gently soaping each other up ensuring not to miss one inch of flesh.

After we were cleaned and dry we went back to the bed and Emmy laid between the wife and I told them this was as close to heaven as a man could get and they said it wasn't bad for them either.

We were all snuggled up together and soon drifted into a deep satisfied sleep. 

It may be hard to do but the next time we all get together we will have to try some new things to reach the level of pleasure we experienced with our first encounter but we are all willing to give it our best shot.