 Together For The First Time In A Long Time

We had not seen each other in a very long time; I think five months or so have passed since we have seen each other. I drove to his house and parked in the garage like always. I could not wait to see him or not to see him as I always put on a blind fold. This is how we prefer things right now until we are both slim Jims. 

I was so excited the entire ride there. I had taken off my shoes, my bra, and my shorts. I just had a shirt and my panties on. I drove into his garage hit the button for the door to go down. I got out of the car and took off my panties and my shirt. I put on the blind fold and knocked at the door. 

He had the air conditioner on in the house as soon as he opened the door I felt the blast of cold air hit my naked body. He gently touched my face, outlined my lips with his fingers, moved behind me and messaged my neck for a brief moment before leading me into a room, which I had a feeling was his office because we turned right after I got into his house. 

He positioned me to kneel down and I could feel him now moving around in front of me. I know he was now sitting in his chair because I could hear the leather making noise. He whispered to me to move a little closer to the chair. I did not know what to expect until I felt his hard cock hit my lips a few times. Then I opened my mouth a little bit to bring out my tongue. I licked the tip of it. I licked the shaft up and down. Because it had been a while since we have seen each other he really could not hold his excitement for long. He immediately put his dick in my mouth. He then put both hand on my head pushing my mouth all the way down his cock. I tried to use my hands to try to control him fucking my mouth, he immediately told me "no hands". He then pushed my head down harder on his cock. I could feel the tip of his cock touch the back of my throat. I started to gag a little. He pulled my head off a little so that I can get air and he pushed it back down hard. He seemed to be a little rough with him controlling my head on his cock, but I did not mind the roughness being that I knew he wanted a blow job from me and has waited a long time for one. He knew how much of his cock I was able to fit in my mouth and how deep. It wasn't long before he released his load in my mouth. I swallowed it all as always. I also licked him totally clean. 

Then I could feel that he stood up. Then he whispered to me to stand up. I did as he asked. I could feel his hands on my face, then running slowly down my neck, my shoulders, to my tits. He gently messaged my tits and gently sucked on my tits. My tits since my surgery are very sensitive. He handled them with extreme care. Then he went to my abdomen and slowly ran his hands along my hips and ass. I then felt one hand reach for my pussy. I have a totally shaven pussy so it is really easy to feel the wetness. He started to play with my clit and slipped a finger inside my pussy. I also felt a finger rub the outside of my ass. I could hear and feel our breathing getting deeper and faster. He removed his finger from my ass, but kept the fingers inside my pussy and leaded me into another room. I think the room was the bed room because we did not turn when we exited the office. We got to the room and I could feel the bed in front of me. He kept playing with my pussy with his hand. He had I think 3 fingers in me. I know I was wet as can be. He then removed his fingers from my pussy and leaded me onto the bed. He whispered for me to crawl all the way to the head board and then stand up on the bed facing the head board. I did what he had requested. I felt the bed move so I know he was gong onto the bed. He was behind me and I then felt his hands playing with my ass, rubbing and caressing ass cheeks, messaging like a piece of clay. He then started using his fingers to play with my pussy and the wetness that was there. He now inserted four fingers in my pussy and was fucking me with them. I was so close to Cuming but he said, I was not allowed to cum yet. I was to cum when he gave me permission to do so. He was using the other hand to lubricate his fingers and my butt hole. 

He moved my legs out a little so that I was slightly leaning into the head board and my butt and pussy were sticking out at him. I was getting so wet and bothered by having him fucking both my pussy and my ass with his fingers. Then he pulled all fingers out of me. I then felt the bed move some more. Then he spoke and I know he was now lying down on the bed with his head between my legs. He had told me to stand straight up with my legs parted. He continued to fuck my pussy with his fingers while he was looking straight up at it. I expressed to him and pleaded that he allow me to cum. I needed to cum so bad. He told me "No you are not allowed to cum until I tell you to cum." He was now fucking my pussy with all five fingers and had one in my ass. 

He instructed me to kneel down and straddle his face. He wanted me to put my pussy on his mouth. It felt so good feeling his tongue moving around my pussy lips, as wet as I was I could still feel his tongue moving in and out my pussy. I then felt his tongue play with my clit. He sucked on it softly and then slowly became hard. I think he make my clit grow about an inch. I was really ready to cum; I found my self moving and frigidity until I felt his teeth on my clit. I know he bit down on it slightly not enough to hurt me but I felt it. I just froze.

He then moved the other hand to my ass and started to fuck my ass with his finger. While he was sucking and nibbling on my clit he inserted some fingers my drenched pussy. He then removed his fingers from my ass. I think he must have had two or three fingers in my ass and he replaced his fingers with a vibrating dildo that was about 8 inches ling and 2 inches wide, and fucked my ass with it. I was so ready to cum. He now gave me permission to cum, but not until he gave me the signal. He removed his fingers from my pussy and I felt his entire mouth cover my pussy. He slapped me softly on the ass, which was his signal for me to cum. He was eating and sucking the white creamy cum out of me. He sucked my pussy so hard that I exploded. I came long and hard.

He then moved out from under me and left the room for a brief minute. He came back with something I didn't know what it was until he put the bottle to my mouth. He knew I was getting thirsty from Cumming and knew that he had to replenish my fluid if I were to cum again. The water was nice and cold and really crunched my thirst. He put the water down on the night stand and moved back under neither me. The entire time I was holding onto the head board of the bed. He then went back to sucking my clit and eating my pussy and he told me he was not going to stop until I squirted into his mouth. He inserted the vibrating dildo into my ass again on high and started to fuck my pussy with his fingers again, while sucking and nibbling on my clit. I could feel the tension build up again in my body and I let out a scream when he bit and sucked real hard on my clit. I could hear him drinking. I finally squirted cum into his mouth. He took it all. Then he led me slowly down off the head board and told me it was my turn. He gave me some more water and laid me down flat on the bed. He straddled me and fucked my mouth again. He had control of my mouth fucking because I could not move my head. He was holding it down on the bed by leaning on my hair. He liked when I swallowed him when he was all the way in my throat, but this time he told me he did not want me to swallow right away. He told me that when he was ready to cum he was going to pull out slightly and he wanted me to keep my mouth open. He wanted to cum in my mouth and swallow when he was done. He wanted to see his cum like they do in some movies. He just wanted me to hold it in my mouth and swallow when he told me to. I did as he asked. 

While he was Cuming in my mouth he did move a little bit and got some on my face. Then he left the room again allowing me to catch my breath and calm down a bit. A few minutes later he came back into the room; he spread my legs and started to fuck my pussy with his tongue. Then I felt the bed move while he was tongue fucking my pussy and there was another hard cock touching my lips. 

The smell of this other man was familiar. I was not afraid because I knew who it was. He was sort of teasing me with his cock. He asked me if I wanted to taste it and I nodded yes. I opened my mouth to take him but he was teasing me more with it by hitting my face with it. I felt it was hard. I stuck out my tongue to lick it and he put it in my mouth. He was instructed not to go in too deep as I could not fully deep throat yet. He must have been at least 9 ½ inches long and 3 inches round. He was the biggest I had ever had. He was instructed to be gentle. But he was also instructed to fuck my face and that he was not to let me have any control over anything. 

He fucked my face as my pussy was being finger fucked and my clit was being sucked. I then was so ready to cum but then the fingers and the tongue in my pussy stopped. The man fucking my mouth was ready to cum. I started to swallow his juice but he pulled out just a little so that the tip was in my lips and I swallowed as he came. He did pull out before he was finished Cumming and came on my chin, and got some on my tits. 

All movement on the bed stopped. The guy at my face moved away, the finger fucking at my pussy stopped. Was rolled over on my stomach and I could feel my best friend come up to my face again. He instructed me to suck him again. He was in control of my head again. I was told to keep my hands straight in front of me basically holding his sides. I then felt a hand fucking my already wet pussy. He was using my wetness to lubricate my ass. Then I felt a hard cock enter my pussy real hard and pumped in and out a few times then he entered my ass and fucked my ass. I let out a scream the best I could with a hard cock in my mouth which caused a vibration in my mouth that rally made the cock in my mouth hard.

I had all I could do from keeping myself under control. I had a cock in my mouth that I had no control of, I had a cock in my ass that I had no control of. Both men were Cumming at exact same time. The cock in my mouth pulled out, my head was no face down on the bed. The cock in my ass pulled out. Both men held their cocks over me and shot cum all over me hitting my back, and my head. 

I felt movement on the bed then the room was quiet. I was then instructed to lie on my back with my hands to my sides. I felt both men at my head. They were both jerking off while messaging my already hard nipples and sucking on them. I felt the guy on my left insert fingers into my pussy and the guy on my right inserted fingers into my ass and they fucked my ass and pussy until I came. As I was Cumming the man that was finger fucking my pussy pinched my clit hard and I squirted almost across the room. Then my friend told me to hold my mouth open. Then all of a sudden I felt cum hit my face from the left and the right. I had gotten my first cum facial. I did hold my mouth open to catch any of the cum so I can swallow it. Both guys left the room and I was left on my own to take a shower and clean off all the cum. As I took a shower got dressed and met my friend in the living room. We did not talk about anything that happened at all that afternoon. Except he did ask if I had a good time, and I told him yes. He said he has a bunch of surprises for me that he feels I am ready for.