 NOTE:  This is an adult story. If you are not a legal adult in your jurisdiction, please do not continue. If frank depictions of human sexuality offend you, please do not continue. Otherwise, please enjoy.

Chapter 5: Oral

With one hand Jenny pulled the hem of her nightgown up over her stomach as the  fingers of her other moved quickly to find her clitoris. A month ago she would never  have dreamed that she would be the type to masturbate almost daily, and sometimes three  or four times in a day. She also never believed she would have shaved off her pubic hair,  but she had done that earlier that evening.

It had all come about when Pam, a friend she'd made in her freshman year at  Smallville College, had come to her and said that it was time she and some of her friends  learned what sex was all about. When Jenny had asked Pam what she meant, Pam had  replied that they were now all 21, all still virgins, and none had done much more than  kiss a member of the opposite sex. While they may have technical knowledge, they didn't  have actual experience, and it was time they got some. They would keep it fairly clinical,  at least at the beginning, and learn what so many of the other students at Smallville  actually knew.

Jenny's movements became more deliberate. Her clitoris was hardening and  becoming erect, poking out from under its hood. She circled the nerve-laden nubbin,  teasing it to even greater hardness.

Jenny sat up and pulled the white linen nightgown over her head and deposited it  next to her bed. She returned one hand to her clitoris and with her other hand tugged  alternately at her dusky pink nipples. They were as hard and erect as her clitoris. She  glanced down at her breasts. They weren't particularly large - 34 B - but they were nicely  shaped and, when she was standing, stood out from her chest with no sag at all. Their  areolas, however, were large - covering nearly a third of each breast. She noticed how  they had grown darker as she teased the nipples in their center. The skin of her breasts  was pale - skin that normally only saw the sun when it peaked in the bathroom window in  the morning The areolas, normally pink, had darkened to a dusky rose, the nipples  another shade darker. She bent her head down toward her right nipple, straining to lick  the nipple she pushed toward her mouth. Her tongue barely reached it - just skimming  over its tip, tantalizing rather than satisfying its urge to be stroked and sucked.

"Ok," she thought to herself, "start tapping." This was a pleasure that Jenny had  discovered by accident one night when just before she left for college the first time. She  had picked up a romance novel that someone left in the Laundromat. The story was a  little interesting, so she'd brought it home with her. Later that night, while she was  reading before going to sleep, she had discovered one of the reasons so many women  read these books. It was smutty. The author described the heroine making love with  roguish man pictured on the cover. It wasn't pornographic - there wasn't any "his rock  hard cock pistoned into the soft wet folds of her quim" kind of language like in the  magazine one of her high school girlfriends had stolen from her brother - but it was  explicit and it had excited her. A little later the heroine had been accidentally slapped  between her legs with a dog's leash - and she'd liked it! Wondering what it would have  felt like, Jenny had gently slapped herself - and liked it.  She had experimented a bit,  slapping harder and then softer. Finally, she had focused directly on her clitoris. She  found that tapping it gently but firmly and persistently produced the greatest pleasure and  inevitably led to a very satisfying orgasm. Now it was one of her favorite ways to finish  herself off.

As she tapped Jenny thought back to that first night. They'd all gotten together at  Pam's house, and taken off their clothes, and then they looked at Alan and how he reacted  to stimulation. And then it was a girl's turn and she had volunteered. She didn't know why  - something had just come over her and she wanted the experience and she had also  figured if she didn't like it then it would be good to be over with it first. And then they  had started looking at her and touching her and she was excited and had asked Alan to tap  her clitoris and he did and she had an orgasm and then, right after, another one because  he hadn't stopped tapping. 

So she tapped away, the sensations growing, feeling the orgasm approaching and  then she was there and her orgasm swept through her like a wave at the beach and it was  carrying her along and touching every part of her body and it was so good, so good. She  tried to remember to keep tapping, but just after the orgasm started she had grabbed the  pillow lying next to her and hugged it to herself tightly, imagining at first that it was  Larry she was embracing, and then everybody like they had that first night and then it  was over and she was calm and relaxed and her mind drifted around her pleasure and her  thoughts about what she had been experiencing.

First of all, she thought, I do really care about these people. Pam I've known since  the first day of college. She really is a friend. And she thought all this up! And I knew  Amy, but not like I do now. And Alan was like her brother, but one, she giggled to  herself, that she wouldn't mind committing incest with. Mitsy had lived across the hall  from her freshman year. She always had guys chase after her when she first came to  Smallville, but she never had done much about it and after the first semester nobody  really paid much attention to her. Still, she could come up with some wild ideas now and  then, even if she never acted them out. At least, not until the last few weeks. When she'd  stripped off her clothes that one night after they came back from New Sun Grove and  demanded they all start masturbating, Jenny admitted to herself, she was a little shocked.

And Larry. 

There was something special about Larry. Maybe it was the way he'd kissed her  and touched her the other night. Maybe it was the way he just kind of paid attention to  her when she talked.  She felt a little flutter in her stomach. Maybe he'd be the one...if  they got that far...

Anyway, Jenny thought, they'd certainly had an interesting night. And now they  were all shaved down there, even the guys. She cast her thoughts back over the events of  the evening.

They had all gotten together at Pam's, like they had pretty regularly for the last  few weeks. Since Pam lived off campus in her own apartment it was more discreet. If  they'd been carrying on like this in the dorms, even in the suites where everyone had her  own room, the whole world would have known. Now it just looked like a group that hung  around a lot together anyway was just doing more of the same. No one had any idea.

When they got there and everyone had something to eat and drink, Pam had  started the discussion. 

"Ok, last week we all went away from here knowing we had to do some thinking.  We've been intimate - not completely in some people's books, but pretty completely in  my mind. Now we have to decide if we're going to go any further. I want to go further,  but I have to feel safe about it - emotionally. I think you all pretty much feel that way too.  So what are we going to do?"

"Well," said Mitsy, "I don't think signing a form or anything like that is going to  do it. We're not some little club or anything. But I'll say this - before we started all of this  I was kind of afraid of my sexuality. I mean, I always felt I was a sexual being, but  everything I was taught growing up and heard from my friends made me afraid of what I  would feel. And then Pam and I saw that show, and started talking about it, and then we  all got together, and well, I'm not so afraid any more. I want to learn more. I want to  know you all better. So I'll make this commitment to all of you. I will always care about  you. I will be your friend. And I will explore my sexuality with you. I'll do it safely, and  discreetly. This will be our experience, ours alone. I won't tell anyone else what we are  doing, beyond saying we are friends and like to do things with each other like go to the  movies."

"That's pretty strong," said Alan. "Do you really mean all that?"

"Yes, I do," replied Mitsy. "You've all become very special to me and I think we  can really learn a lot about sex together. And if I know you feel the same way and are  making the same commitment as I am than I'm ready to try just about everything that I've  heard about or thought about and I know I'll still be safe."

"She's right," said Amy, quietly. "I feel the same way Mitsy does. We've been  friends for a few years now, but the last month or so has been really special and I think  we've got a bond. And I'll make the same commitment. I want to find out more about sex  and how I react to it and how we all do. And I'll care about all of you. And I know if we  all make the commitment than, emotionally at least, I have nothing to worry about. As for  birth control and STD's and all that, I think we're pretty smart. I've already been to  student health and talked to them about it. Since we're all virgins and I'm pretty sure none  of us have done anything that would expose us to an STD, and we're going to be faithful  to each other, then I think we're ok on that front. And if the guys use condoms and we use  diaphragms or go on the pill or something else for women, then pregnancy shouldn't be a  big issue. Stuff always fails, but I know we'll be careful. So I'm in if the rest of you are."

"Ok," said Alan, "I'm getting the point. I guess I feel pretty much the same way.  This is kind of special. I never thought I'd have an experience like this - hell, I never  thought I'd get to be with a woman at all until a lot later in life - like maybe someone I  met at my parents' church and our parents set us up and we were both kind of losers but it  would work out. And now we've done all this, and I've found out that women really do  like sex and that you have some of the same kind of feelings I do. So I'll make the same  commitment."

"Me too," said Larry. "What Alan said. I care about all of you and this is really  special. And I want to be part of it. So I commit to care about you and be discreet and all  of that."

"Ok, you know I want to be part of it, I've already said it," said Pam. "This was  my idea and it's gone further than I thought it would but I know it's good. And I think it  will be good for all of us. So I commit to all of you as well."

Then they were all looking at Jenny. She remembered the thoughts that had run  through her mind when that happened. She liked these people, but she was still a little  scared about how much she liked sex. But, this was probably a pretty safe way to explore  that, and these people were special to her. So, she had said, "I'll make the commitment  too. I'm still afraid. I like what we've done so much. And I still masturbate all the time  and I never did, so much, before. But I think we can work it out, or I can work it out, so I  want to be part of all this."

Then they'd all looked around a little sheepishly. They knew that something  unusual and something that would change their lives was happening.

"Well then," said Larry, "What are we going to try tonight?"

"Umm," said Mitsy "I had an idea. It's kind of a physical symbol of our  commitment. It's nothing extreme, and it's not going to change you forever or anything  and nobody else will be able to see it, except maybe in the gym or something, but it will  be, for at least a while, a sign of our commitment. And I think it will be kind of sexy,  too."

"So, what are you talking about?" asked Pam.

"You gave me the idea that first night," Mitsy replied. "You know how you, umm,  well, trim yourself? I've been kind of thinking about that since that night, and I think if  we all shaved ourselves it would be sexy and it would be a sign of that commitment."

"You want to shave me?" asked Alan. "My pubes?"

"Yes," said Mitsy. "I think if we're all shaved it will be sexy and it will be a sign  of our commitment."

"So how are we going to do it?" asked Pam. "I've got scissors, but I only have one  or two razors left and I know it's better if they're sharp."

"Jenny and I can make a razor and shaving cream run," said Mitsy. "We'll be right  back - you guys get ready." Jenny looked at Mitsy like she was a little crazy, but got up  and left with her.

The rest of them got busy. They set up the massage table to lie on while they were  being shaved and then got a big stack of towels and washrags. Pam found some bowls to  hold the hot water. Then she found a couple of pair of scissors and some combs. She  could hardly believe what was about to happen in her house.

While they were waiting for Mitsy and Jenny to return, they disrobed and, under  Pam's direction, began clipping each other's pubic hair. She paired up with Alan, and  Amy with Larry.

"Ok, guys first," Pam said. Alan got on the table and leaned back on his elbows.  Larry spread a beach towel over the recliner and sat down. "Amy," she said, "it's kind of  like when you get a haircut. Use the comb to hold the hair away from the skin, and then  carefully clip. The room soon became quiet, the only sound being the snip of the scissors.  In a few minutes Alan and Larry's pubic hair had been reduced to stubble. They switched  places, Amy on the chair and Pam on the table.

"Hey," said Alan. "You're already shaved. What kind of a sign is this for you?"  

Pam looked up at him. "I'm not shaved all the way," she said. "Cut off the hair  there at the top." 

Alan proceeded, very gently.  Soon the few blonde curls that made up the triangle  of hair that adorned Pam's plump mons had been reduced to stubble.

Larry was proceeding less quickly with Amy. Her pubic hair was black, coarse  and dense and covered her thighs, the lower part of her belly and her groin completely.  Larry combed and snipped carefully, slowly exposing the pale white skin of Amy's thighs  and belly. He was carefully clipping hair from the pink lips of Amy's pubis when Jenny  and Mitsy returned with a bag of disposable razors and shaving cream for delicate skin.

Jenny and Mitsy undressed and Alan and Pam were soon ministering to them. It  was not long before their brown and red curls joined those of their friends. 

"All right, Pam," said Mitsy. "Since you're experienced at this, maybe you should  be the barber. Who wants to be first?"

"I'll go," said Larry. "Just be careful, Pam."

"I have every intention to be," she said. Actually, she was a little nervous. It was  one thing to shave herself - she knew her nooks and crannies, knew how the hair grew.  With Alan it was going to be different - and especially on his testicles.

"All right," Pam said. "I need hot water and a washrag." Jenny went to the kitchen  sink and returned with a large bowl of steaming water. "Let me help," she said.

"Ok, get him nice and wet and then rub the shave cream in." 

Jenny dipped a washrag in the steaming water and wrung it out. Gently she  washed around Larry's penis, and then up and over it and around his testicles. Larry  slowly started to get erect. She reached under his testicles and washed around his  perineum. Then she took the can of shave cream she and Mitsy had bought, shook it  gently, and sprayed a blob of it onto her hand.

"Oh gee," she had thought. "I'm going to touch him again." She took a deep breath  and massaged the white cream into Larry's pubis, upper thighs and perineum. She  dispensed a bit more of the shaving foam into her hand and gently rubbed it over Larry's  testicles. He was fully erect when she was finished.

Pam pulled the guard off the razor and gently began to shave Larry. She worked  steadily but carefully, with short, sure strokes. Between strokes she rinsed the razor in the  bowl of warm water. Soon his groin was naked as the day he was born. Pam then turned  to his testicles, stretching the skin taught and gently stroking the razor over the stubble.  Larry held his breath. He had lost his erection.

"Ok, clean him up," Pam said to Jenny. 

Jenny dipped the washrag in the warm water again and gently wiped the remnants  of shave cream from Larry.  He was pink and smooth. His erection began to return as  Jenny ran the rag up his perineum, over his balls and then, with her fist wrapped around  his penis, gently but firmly up and over its head.

"Now me," said Mitsy. She climbed up on the table and spread her legs. The tip of  her inch long clitoris was just peaking from between her labia, framed by the orangey-red  stubble that remained on her labia and mons. Alan brought a fresh bowl of hot water and  gently washed her, and then rubbed the shaving cream over and around her mons. Soon  the white foam covered her, only the tip of her clitoris, now more erect, emerging pinkly  from the white cream.

Pam chose a new razor and gently began working on Mitsy. She began across the  pad of her mons, quickly scraping it clean. Then she shaved the hair from Mitsy's inner  thighs and along her perineum. Mitsy's clitoris was visible throughout this ministration.  Finally Pam worked on her labia, stretching them gently and delicately removing the last  vestiges of hair that grew along them. When she finished Alan cleaned Mitsy. As Jenny  had done with Larry's penis, he finished with a little extra attention to her now blatantly  erect clitoris. It really was almost as big as Pam's little finger, he noticed. He rubbed it  gently and Mitsy shivered from the little zings of pleasure that ran through her.

Jenny had gone next, followed by Alan and Amy. Then it was Pam's turn. Mitsy  did the honors, quickly removing the stubble from Pam's mons and touching up the other  areas. After Alan had cleaned her up, she went to her room and returned with a hand  mirror. They passed it around, each examining her or himself. There was a lot of pink  skin between their legs.

"Now what?" asked Amy.  

"We could taste each other," said Jenny. She remembered that she had blushed  furiously, not believing what she had just said. But as she said it, she also remembered,  there was a fierce throbbing coming from between her legs.

"What do you mean?" Amy asked.

Jenny was beet red. "You know," she giggled. "Taste each other - there."

"Oh..." The room was quiet.

"Let's do it," said Mitsy. "We'll get in a circle, all of us together at once. We'll all  be joined together at once. We'll all experience a new kind of sexuality all at once."

"Well, it sounds ok," said Jenny. "But there's only two guys. Girls are going to  have to get together again."

"It doesn't matter," said Pam. "It's part of our exploring. And anyway," she  stammered, "it was kind of nice when Mitsy and I were together. So just try it."

"But, how do we pick?" Jenny asked.

"Well, since Mitsy and I were together last time, it's your and Amy's turn to go.  And it will really be three of us, at least because to make the circle work one of you will  be in line with one of us."

"Oh," said Jenny. She hadn't been so sure of this, and she had been hoping that  she'd get to go with Larry. That, she figured, would now have to wait.

"All right, then, how do we do this?" asked Alan.

"Well," said Mitsy, "we just have to alternate. I guess one on their back, the next  kneeling over, the next underneath and so on. Just get down on the floor and we'll figure  it out."

Jenny thought about how they must have looked. Four naked women and two  naked men. Alan had gotten on his back, and Pam positioned herself on hands and knees  between his legs. Her large breasts dangled from her chest, the nipple of the left one  threatening to caress the tip of Alan's erection. Larry had then gotten on his back, and  scootched himself up between Pam's legs. Then Mitsy had pulled him around a little bit,  so they all would end up in a circle. She poised herself over him. 
