 We were on our way to the beach … driving along the highway on a lovely day. In keeping with your desire to serve, you had asked me what you should wear. I had told you to wear a skimpy, low-cut top with a black bra underneath, a short skirt, no panties or thong and heels … the heels weren’t suitable for the beach … but they would be great on the boardwalk and you could always take them off to walk on the sand … and that would be very interesting for any guys watching you take them off!

As we drove along I decided that we would act out one of your fantasies … to exhibit you at the toll booth plaza. I told you to pull your skirt up … not that it needed much to show your pussy anyway. Then I told you to spread your legs nice and wide. I glanced over … your pussy was fully visible … and your pussy lips were slightly open already! Anybody looking in to the car would get a real eyeful! I reached over and inserted a finger into your cunt … it was already moist and ready for my attention … I gave it a few minutes of gentle probing as we approached the plaza … by which time it was very wet.

As we stopped, I kept moving my finger inside your cunt … and handed the toll guy a $10 bill. He looked at me as if to moan about the change … but then saw you … tits almost falling out, legs spread wide … and what I was doing to your cunt His eyes almost popped out! He fumbled around for some change … taking as long as possible … and kept looking over your way. I took the change … and kept working on your cunt. I then asked him the way to a non-existent restaurant. He paused … as if thinking … and kept his gaze fixed to the spot between your legs. Then he called over to his pal in the next booth … he gestured towards you and said:

“Joe … these folks are looking for a restaurant … maybe you can help them”

Joe duly looked down … half-annoyed at first … but then immediately fixed his eyes on you. He wasn’t in a good position to touch you … his booth opened on the other side … but he sure took a good long look! He licked his lips … his mind was working overtime. He looked at his watch … it was just before 12 … almost time for his lunch break! His eyes narrowed … still focused on your pussy … and he said:

“Why don’t you folks go and park over in the Employees Parking Area – I have a local guide in my car. Perhaps we can find that restaurant in there. Dan and I will both be over in a few minutes – if you have a little time to spare”

That seemed like a good suggestion … and I was already guessing what Joe had in mind. So I drove over to the Employees Parking Area … whilst still playing with your cunt. We stopped and went to sit at a picnic table in one corner. 

After parking the car I was hoping that Joe and Dan wouldn't take too long, though I doubted they would ... that hairless cunt of yours on such glistening display ... they knew what we were up to ... they were ready. I no sooner thought this when I looked up and saw them both approach. You had playfully parked your delicious little rear end on the table top with your feet resting on the attached bench, your bare ass on the wood, legs wide apart, with me on the bench to one side, my fingers working rhythmically on that glorious snatch of yours. The two men grinned, elbowed each other in fun and came over to us. 

"So, where you folks heading again?" Joe asked.

I told him we were looking for this nice little restaurant to stop for a light lunch. Noting their eyes fixed on your hot cunt and the workings of my fingers in your hole and on your clit, I added:

"… as you can see, my little girl here loves her play time and we both love the outdoors"

Dan just stared at your pussy, dripping now, and your tits ready to spill out of their little casing while Joe said:

"Believe it or not we see a lot of couples come through here, wanting to bust loose a bit ... hell, we've even been invited now and then to enjoy a piece of the action."

As suggestively as I could, I merely asked:

"What's your pleasure?"

and Joe said he'd be very happy to take a mouthful of your cunt that minute ... I moved aside and made room for him to bend over and lock his mouth over your cunt lips. You played with this whole situation, slut that you are ... just grinding into his face, enjoying his fingers probing as he ate you. His buddy Dan just sat on the table top next to you and swiftly reached up, lowered your bra and freed both tits, one for his hand, one for his mouth. Trying to be helpful, I reached for your right knee to spread you more, as I've done so many times with you while some stranger feasted between your legs.

I listened to Joe gurgling on your pussy, lapping and drinking as you rocked in hard orgasm. Of course Dan needed his turn too and took his place between your legs but was interrupted by Joe who tapped him on the shoulder and motioned for him to move aside quickly, while waving a monster cock. We moved you to the end of the table so that your feet hung freely. The table height was a perfect match for Joe's hips. Intuitively I got behind you on the table top to let you lean into me. By now you were naked, Dan having removed that silly little blouse of yours and the bra. You didn't have to hold yourself up now, I did it for you, making my offering to Joe and Dan even hotter. 

Dan reached over and stretched your pussy lips apart as Joe brought his face close to take a good look. Then in one thrust his meat was inside you, your moans filled the air. I watched Joe's cock pounding you and it seemed only seconds before he blew his load into you and all over you. Your body ached in its efforts to open your legs even more. Dan wasted no time ... another thick cock although not as long as his buddy's. Joe bit your nipples and caused you to moan loudly as Dan's cock dove into your fuckhole. He pounded longer, stopping to eat you, finger you, then fuck you again .... and finally his load was filling your cunt. As he stepped aside I gingerly laid you back to rest, as your legs still spread wide dangled over the edge. I positioned myself between your legs with my camera ... your sloppy whorish cunt was now dripping with the cum of these two men.

As everyone settled in a moment of après fuck silence, a man's voice crackled over Joe's radio:

“Where the hell are you? Your break is over.”

Joe replied:

"Um, we're behind the employee building boss ... could you give us a hand?" 

"Damn, one more delay ... alright, I'll be right over." 

You moaned and giggled in slutty anticipation of yet another cock arriving on the scene .... you wondered if there would be more!

Joe assumed his fucking position between your legs once more for sloppy seconds and didn't even stop when his boss approached and said:

“Hey boss … these folks asked for some directions … we’re showing them the way!”

His boss didn’t take long to size up the situation … a willing slut with her legs spread and oozing cum whilst being fucked again … he started to unzip his trousers too. He said:

“I think the dirty slut might get dizzy up so high … I think she’d feel better kneeling down on the ground!” 

I helped you up from the table and positioned you on the ground … kneeling in front of the boss. I kept taking pics … some great shots of cum oozing out of your cunt as you knelt there. The boss’ cock was already hard and ready for your attentions …he gripped your head and pushed his cock roughly into your mouth without any ceremony … he was going to use this slut for his pleasure … and he wasn’t messing around. And you were giving him just what he wanted …long, slow licks of his shaft … then sucking strongly … then licking the head … like a cheap whore enjoying her first cock of the day. The boss didn’t take too long cumming … he just wanted servicing … he shot his load into your mouth and pulled hard on your head until his hips stopped bucking. Then he pulled his trousers up and headed back …. telling the others that they should get back to work any time soon! He didn’t want to spoil their fun … after all, they had shared you with him!

Joe and his pal figured they had a few more minutes to use you … Joe pulled you up into a standing position and bent you over again … so that he could fuck you from behind whilst Dan used your mouth again. I didn’t miss anything with the camera … I took pic after pic as Joe pumped your cunt again and you gave his pal another great suck … it was obvious that you were a slut enjoying herself … 3 different strangers’ cocks in less than half an hour … your cunt was oozing with cum and was being filled again and you were now enthusiastically giving another great suck to this total stranger! This time it took a little longer … both men had already used your cunt at least once … and they were making the most of this opportunity … Joe was pumping away and feeling your tits whist Dan was fucking your mouth … with expert help from you. And I was taking pic after pic for us to enjoy later. 

Joe came first … ramming his cock hard into your cunt … emptying his balls into you. His pal took slightly longer … but shooting into your mouth … hips bucking four times as he gave you everything he had … and you took it all so willingly! Then they were done … quickly zipping their trousers and heading back to work with Joe saying over his shoulder as they hurried away 

“It was sure good meeting you folks … be sure to stop here on your way back!”

I helped you to your feet … we picked up your clothes and got back into the car … I drove over to the restrooms so that you could “tidy yourself up a bit”! You came out with your blouse and skirt on … and sat down in the car on a towel as the cum oozed out of your cunt. The day had started off well … I wondered what would happen at the beach.