 The doorbell rang. Excusing herself from her guest, Julie rose to answer the door. She was a little perplexed. She rarely got unannounced visitors, and now she had two. It was a cold and rainy night, and Julie couldn't imagine who would be knocking on her door. When she opened it, she got a shock.

"Hello." The man before her said.

"Tom!" Julie exclaimed as she wrapped my arms around him. "Come in!" 

She led Tom into the living room, where her first guest, Paul, sat on the couch. 

"Tom, this is Paul. Paul, this is Tom. Paul and I were about ready to have a drink. Would you care to join us?"

"Of course," Tom replied, "I'll have whatever you're having."

As she went into the kitchen to make the drinks, Julie heard the two talking. 

"So where do you know Julie?" Tom asked.

"She was a teacher of mine in high school. I graduated six years ago and we've kept in touch. I'm finishing up grad school and wondering what to do next, so I thought I'd stop by and ask her opinion."

"She has a few of those," Tom quipped.

"She certainly does. What about you?"

"Julie and I know each other from high school."

"And?"

"And what?"

"Well, something in her demeanor changed when she saw you at the door. You two must have some sort of past."

"We dated. On and off through high school and college. How we kept up as friends, I don't know. But we've been good friends for a long time now."

Before Paul could probe further, Julie reappeared, drinks in hand. The three exchanged pleasantries before the subject of dinner came up. Julie volunteered to make something and disappeared once more into the kitchen. The alcohol had loosened tongues a bit, and Paul wanted to know more about the relationship between Julie and Tom.

"So define good friends."

"What?" Tom asked, completely off guard.

"You said you and Julie are good friends. What does that mean?"

"We've known each other a long time. We dated... there is some shared intimacy when you date someone, regardless of how long ago."

"What intimacy?" 

"Why all the questions?"

"I just want to know."

A curious epiphany occurred to Tom.

"You like Julie."

Paul blushed and stammered a little bit.

"I've had a crush on that woman since I first met her." The words escaped Paul's mouth in a rush before he could stop it. "She's beautiful."

"Is pasta all right with everyone?" Julie interrupted the conversation.

Seeing nods of assent, Julie continued.

"Since I wasn't exactly expecting company, I would like to freshen up a bit. If you guys don't mind making sure the house doesn't burn down..."

"Go ahead," Tom said, "We'll keep an eye on the food."

Tom watched as Paul's eyes didn't leave Julie's body until she had disappeared from view. 

"You have no idea how beautiful she can be." Tom said.

"I just want her. I've never wanted anyone like this. Every time I see her, she takes my breath away. I don't get it."

"No matter what relationship I'm in, she does the same thing to me." Tom voice was sympathetic, "I never stopped loving her." 

It was Tom's turn to be amazed at what had come out of his mouth. He took a quick gulp of his drink and the two sat in silence.

Julie, for her part, had been eavesdropping as best she could. She turned the shower on and waited for steam to develop. As she took her clothes off, Julie's mind mulled over what she had been hearing. She was incredibly aroused by the conversation. Secretly, she had been ecstatic when Paul had shown up. His interest in her was not unrequited. Julie had always found him attractive, and now that he was an appropriate distance from high school age, she had begun fantasizing about him. Tonight had been an opportunity. Then Tom had shown up. Julie stepped into the hot stream of water as her thoughts mulled over Tom. They had had an interesting relationship over the years. They had lost their virginity together and since then, had sought each other out when they needed familiar company. Just a casual touch from him would melt any defenses she had. Alone with him, she stood a chance at an amazing night of passion. Julie felt a familiar tingling sensation spreading throughout her body. Of course, with Paul here, it would be difficult to give into Tom. 

"What the hell," she thought. "I'll just have a little too much to drink and see what happens." 

Upon hearing the water, Paul's mind immediately tried to picture Julie, naked, with steaming water running down her body. He let out a breath he didn't know he'd been holding and tried to calm himself down. She had been his fantasy in high school... while not drop dead gorgeous; she had a girl-next-door quality to her. And she was incredibly smart. Paul loved talking to her. And looking at her. A casual hug was enough to send chills down his spine. He wanted to run his hands through her hair, to kiss her. His breathing quickened as the thoughts ran, unchecked in his mind. That had been his plan, to come here and try. Then Tom had shown up.

After Julie disappeared from view, Tom went into the kitchen to check on the food. It was a poor excuse, even in his head, since boiling water wasn't exactly a mind bender. His thoughts were racing as quickly as anyone's. What he had said was true. He did love Julie. He always had. Tom was here to find comfort in her presence, to take her into his arms and lose himself in her. Paul was an unexpected snag. Paul was obviously infatuated with Julie. Tom kept thinking about all the options. He so rarely got to see Julie, much less to spend time with her. He might have to enjoy this night with Julie with an audience.

..................

The alcohol flowed as the night wore on. Dinner sat, half eaten, on the table. The three reminisced about earlier times, Tom and Paul swapping stories they knew about Julie. It was Paul who brought up playing a game. 

"What shall we play?" Julie asked.

"Poker?" Paul suggested.

"I'm no good at poker," Julie said.

"Strip poker it is." Tom said.

"No!!" Julie protested.

"Since we've been talking about high school and fun times, let's play Truth or dare." Tom said.

"Sure," Julie purred as she poured another round of drinks and curled up on the floor, her back against Tom's legs. "Who goes first?" 

"Paul, truth or dare?" Tom asked.

"Truth."

"Who is your ultimate fantasy?"

Paul gave Tom a look. Paul had a feeling what Tom might be driving at.

"The fairy godmother from Shrek 2." Julie piped up, "He thinks she has beautiful breasts. To this day I can't watch that movie without thinking about his perverted self."

They all lapsed into giggles.

"So seriously, who is it?" Julie asked.

"You my dear," Tom said, gently shaking her shoulders.

"Hey!" Paul said, "That's not true!"

"It's not? I'm hurt." Julie pouted.

"Your turn," Paul didn't want this to get too personal for him yet. "Truth or dare?"

"Truth."

"How does one seduce you?"

"Excuse me?"

"What does a guy have to do to seduce you?"

"I don't know, be interesting, I guess."

"Interesting how?"

"I have to be curious about him, so I guess he has to pique my interest. It's more of a mental thing, I guess."

"Let me show you," Tom said.

Before Julie could react, Tom pulled her up onto the couch to sit between his legs and began rubbing her shoulders. His words, however, were directed more toward Paul.

"First you start touching her in a way that is both non sexual and desired, such as a neck rub. She will start to relax, and then..."

"I love your narration," Julie said, "Do I get a say?"

"Shh... just relax and let me do my thing. Besides, you were Paul's teacher. Might be time to teach him something useful."

"Don't stop." Paul murmured. 

"So as she relaxes, you can feel that."

Sure enough, Julie's head dropped a bit and her eyes closed as she relaxed. Tom leaned forward a bit.

"Now you have two options. One is to let your hands drift to other places. The other, which she likes better, is to kiss her."

Tom let his lips drift over Julie's neck, using his hands to move her hair out of the way. Paul looked on, becoming increasingly aroused. He'd never been much of a voyeur, but watching the object of his desire become putty in the hands of another was almost intoxicating. Julie was oblivious not only to Paul but to Tom's voice as well. All she could comprehend was the passion building up inside her. Tom let his hands stray down Julie's back, his lips continuing to rain kisses on her neck. He reached around her, and with Paul eagerly looking on, began to unbutton Julie's shirt. Deftly, he opened the fabric, exposing her breasts. With no bra, the cool air of the room quickly caused her nipples to harden. Julie moaned and her head fell back against Tom's shoulder. Tom looked up at Paul and motioned toward Julie. 

"It would be more fun if you joined in."

Paul didn't need to be told twice. He dove onto the floor between Julie's knees, and then looked up at Tom with question in his eyes. 

"Touch them. Hold them. Play with them. Suck them, even."

Paul brought his hands up to Julie's exposed flesh. He wasn't a virgin, but this felt like his first time. Her breasts weren't too much more than a handful, but were heavy in his hands. The nipples were pink and pointing proudly at him. Paul gingerly took one into his mouth, running his tongue over the nub. 

"Mmmm." Julie loved having her breasts suckled.

Encouraged, Paul hungrily took more of her tit into his mouth and brought a hand up to play with the other one. To add to Julie's pleasure, Tom's kisses had turned into gentle bites along her neck and shoulder. Julie's breathing deepened as she became more and more aroused. She had wanted some action tonight, but hadn't imagined anything like this. As Paul's mouth changed breasts, Tom turned Julie's face toward him and planted a kiss on her lips, their tongues twisting around each other. Julie's hands grabbed Paul's head, forcing it closer to her. Her hands drifted to his shoulders as Paul gently bit the flesh around her nipple. 

"Don't stop," Julie whispered.

"Let your hands stray over her body," Tom instructed Paul. "Run them up her legs and gently massage her as well."

Paul continued to kiss and suck at Julie's breasts, but followed Tom's instructions. He ran his hands down the top of her thighs, and slipped them under the fabric of her skirt as he reached its hem. He slid his hands back up her legs, squeezing a little as his fingers reached her hips. Julie automatically opened her knees wider, allowing better access. Tom would have liked to have been there, between her knees, the prospect of tasting her pussy amazing. But he was enjoying this too, watching and feeling Julie's reaction to being stimulated by multiple people. When he was the only one bringing her pleasure, he didn't always get a chance to see her reaction. Paul's voice brought him out of his fog.

"She's not wearing panties."

"Of course not, they just get in the way," Julie muttered as her hands unfastened her wraparound skirt and pulled it free. 

Both guys got a glimpse of her closely trimmed pussy, pink, and already glistening. Julie shifted her position slightly, bringing one leg onto the couch and lying down over Tom. 

"Now Tom, help him out."

Tom waved Paul back a bit and slid his hand down between Julie's legs. He parted the folds of wet flesh and slid his finger into her slit. Paul watched eagerly, absent mindedly stroking his erection through his pants as he watched Tom finger fuck Julie. Julie writhed in rhythm with Tom's fingers. His thumb would lazily drift across her engorged clit, causing Julie to jerk with pleasure. Tom pulled his hand away and licked Julie's juices from his fingers. Julie whimpered in protest.

"I have a better idea," Tom told her, "Paul, would you like a taste?"

Paul came forward, his hand reaching for Julie's now dripping pussy. 

"No, not like that," Tom said, "Eat her out."

Paul leaned in and licked her cautiously. Julie hooked her legs over Paul's shoulders, pulling him close. He needed no more encouraging. His tongue slipped in and out, rolling around her clit. As Julie writhed, Paul found it more difficult to keep going, but her scent and taste were completely intoxicating. Meanwhile, Tom took his turn at Julie's tits. Julie could barely do anything; she was so overcome by the stimulation. Her mind cleared slightly.

"Enough oral, I want to be fucked." She said between moans. 

"Would you like to do the honors?" Tom asked Paul.

Seeing the nod, Tom told Paul to remove his clothes. As Paul complied, Tom took the time to pull Julie to him and kiss her. At Tom's direction, Paul laid down on the floor as Tom lowered Julie to him. Julie positioned herself over Paul's dick and slid down on top of him. Paul moaned Julie's warmth engulfed him. She began gyrating her hips against him, running her fingers down his chest. Paul reached up and took her nipples between his fingers, pinching. Julie squealed at the pleasurable pain, her head dropping back against someone's shoulder... Tom had positioned himself behind Julie. He reached around with one hand and began playing with her clit. Stretched by Paul's member and now with Tom's fingers working their magic, Julie was filled with ecstasy. Tom reached up with his free hand and pulled Julie's head further back. His teeth sank into the exposed flesh of her neck, gentleness forgotten as his bites left angry red crescents on the pale skin. Julie began to whimper, an orgasm building up inside her. Tom recognizing the signs of impending orgasm, continued his assault on Julie's clit, and gently closed his free hand around her throat. Julie's eyes widened; Tom had never done that before. Suddenly she was overcome by a powerful orgasm. Paul's grunts became louder as Julie's pussy closed hard around him. His hands dropped to her hips, trying to pull her down further on him. As Julie's orgasm washed over them both, Paul couldn't keep control. With a spasm, he came, his juices mingling with hers. Tom released his hold on Julie's throat and gently stroked her neck and chest as her breathing returned to normal.

"Did you enjoy that?" Tom whispered.

Julie gave an almost imperceptible nod.

"Good,"

Tom gave her a kiss and supported her as she slipped off of Paul. Paul had never felt a woman orgasm as powerfully as Julie just had. It was almost too much for him. He barely felt her get up. Julie leaned over Paul and kissed him gently on the lips. 

"Thank you," she said, "we'll have to do this again sometime."

She slipped a pillow under his head and covered him with a blanket, leaving his clothes in a neat pile beside him as exhaustion overtook him. Then she turned to Tom.

"What about you?"

"You've always known your pleasure was my first priority. Seeing how much you enjoyed that was enough for me."

"Really?" Julie asked.

"Really," Tom nodded for emphasis.

"Right." 

Julie's voice had a hint of sarcasm in it. She was looking at Tom's pants, more specifically the erection trapped inside. She ran her hand over the bulge and laughed as Tom spasmed at her touch. She quickly undid his belt and tugged his trousers and boxers off. Julie smiled as she looked at Tom's erect penis now free from its fabric prison. Before Tom could say anything, Julie took him into her mouth. Tom looked down at the top of her head, watching her lips slide up and down his shaft. He wasn't too far from orgasm himself; having found enjoyment in watching Julie come earlier. Tom buried his hands into Julie's hair, fingers digging into her scalp. Her hand grabbed the base of his member as her mouth pulled away. She licked at the very tip of his penis, her tongue swirling around the bulbous head. Her eyes looked up at him the instant before she swallowed him again. Her hands worked in tandem with her mouth, one wrapped around his shaft, pumping with every stroke, the other cradling his balls. Her fingers found the sweet spot behind his balls, driving him to orgasm. She pulled away as he exploded, his cum spraying onto her breasts. Suddenly weak, Tom dropped to the couch. 

"I know what you said about my pleasure was priority, but I just couldn't let the opportunity pass." Julie said sweetly.

"I appreciate that..."

Julie leaned over and kissed him. 

"I'm going to have to clean up again. Feel free to stay as long as you like."

Tom nodded "I'll just sit here a while..."

Julie looked into the living room after her shower. Both men were asleep, Paul on the floor, and Tom still sitting up on the couch. 

"What fun tonight was!" she thought to herself as slipped between the sheets. The adrenaline wearing off, it wasn't long before she too was asleep.