 The story of one Tom Eriksen, a wealthy billionaire who has suffered great tragedy despite his financial success. Abandoned by those he loves and shunning those that still care about him, he sets off to drown his sorrows in a sea of sexual excess and hedonistic pleasure. But some old friends will remind him who he really is.

****

The following story follows directly after "John Billionaire", "Jeff Thousandaire", and "A Billionaire's Life". This story assumes you know the primary characters from that series. Familiarity with those stories *IS* a requirement. If you haven't already read them, don't bother trying to read this one.

****

-- CHAPTER 1: Mykonos --

****

*-- MONDAY, JUNE, MYKONOS, GREECE --*

"Mmm... Your cock is so delicious." The gorgeous babe rolled her soft brown eyes up, staring adoringly at me while she lavished my stiff prick with her considerable oral expertise. Her dirty-blonde hair fell in soft waves to either side of her sharp, angular face, bouncing lightly with her head-bobbing motions. Her sculpted, dark eyebrows were furrowed in concentration. Keeping her gaze on me, she went up and down slowly, sucking with exquisite force and using her tongue to tickle the underside of my shaft. After the first few pulls, she took a deep breath and then obviously relaxed herself, focusing downward as she swallowed me to the root, using her throat muscles to massage the head of my prick while rolling her eyes back up to see my reaction.

I simply smiled and stroked her hair. The beautiful young woman pulled off to gulp some oxygen before deep-throating me once again, sending lightning bolts of pleasure up and down my spine. The girl had an intensity about her. You could see the focus and attention she put into pleasing me, determined to make an impression.

She'd made an impression alright. I'd first seen Vivienne on Paradise Beach, Mykonos, Greece. Like most of the other vacationing Europeans, she was clad in a barely-there bikini designed to attract as much attention as possible to her absolutely incredible body. Standing 5'9" (or 1.8 metres, as she put it), her legs were long, lithe, and incredibly toned. Her hips were shapely without being overly large. She had a narrow waist and a flat tummy. And her tits were over-proportionally large for her slender frame. I wanted to bury my face into her cleavage the moment I saw her, and from some of the attention she was getting from other men around, I wasn't the only one. On top of all that, she had a well-chiseled face, with angular cheekbones and a sharp beauty that simply drew one's attention to her as if she were magnetic, even at the expense of any girls around her.

In a sea of nubile girls all over the beach, Vivienne stood out above the rest, with a body that would have made the ancient Greek sculptors drool with envy. And in my perpetual mood of hedonistic narcissism, I just HAD to have her, regardless of any potential consequences.

So I had my attendant staff set me up well within view of Vivienne and her companions, three other nubile examples of youthful, female beauty. They, as well as many others around, couldn't help but glance over as my uniformed attendants arranged three lounge chairs, a large canopy sunshade, and a small table on which to put my drinks of choice. Everything gleamed of the finest materials and expensive fabrics. By contrast, the four girls reclined together on simple beach towels with no additional equipment. We were at the far Eastern edge of Paradise Beach, and while the Greek Tourism Board supplied a large number of "sun beds" and umbrellas in the middle of the beach, it was the height of the busy season and they were all already taken.

After patiently waiting, I stepped forward and settled into the center lounge chair. Immediately following me was my valet, a gorgeous young Greek woman whose ample tits threatened to burst over the top of her skimpy bikini, as starkly white as the buildings of Santorini. She set my drink on the small table along with a bottle of water for herself, and then knelt in the sand beside my chair. "How may I serve you, sir?" she asked with a thick accent, her green eyes dancing.

I let my gaze run down to the obvious cleavage she was showing me in this position, neatly framed by her curly dark hair cascading over her shoulders. I thought about how she had already "served" me just last night, her legs in the air as I pounded her cunt without mercy until I blasted wave after wave of hot spunk into the back of her womb. But now was not the time for such thoughts. I had other targets in mind.

"Nothing for now, Evania," I said gently, and then waved to the lounge chair on my left, separated from me by the cocktail table.

My beautiful valet nodded and slid onto the chair, pulling her shapely legs together and bent at the knees as she turned onto her side to watch me attentively. I glanced over just as she wrapped an arm around her torso, a motion which compressed her big tits together for my viewing pleasure.

Meanwhile, I snuck a glance over to Vivienne and her companions, my gaze hidden behind my Cartier sunglasses. The elaborate beach setup and uniformed attendants had gotten her attention. Everything screamed *money*, perhaps unsubtly; but then I didn't want to waste time with subtlety. The third lounge chair seemed to pique Vivienne's interest, especially since it appeared that I had only the one companion. And more to the point, Evania was clearly in a subservient role and separated from my chair by the table. The chair immediately to my right remained unoccupied, and perhaps the gorgeous dirty-blonde couldn't help but momentarily imagine herself reclining in it.

I smiled and then reclined back into my chair, sinking deep into its plush cushioning and letting my legs stretch out. But then on a whim, I raised my sunglasses up and turned my head to find my beautiful brunette valet still watching me attentively, just in case I needed her services. With a smile, I ordered gently, "Evania, remove your top."

She smiled, pearly teeth sparkling as she turned and reached back to unhook herself. The sheer size of her tits popped the pure white fabric forward as soon as the clasp was released, and after undoing the simple knot behind her neck, her large and pleasantly rounded breasts were left bare for anyone to see, her dark nipples already hardening in arousal.

Given that a decent percentage of women on this beach were topless, Evania's little move didn't attract TOO much attention. Still, many men couldn't help but glance over. And to my delight, Vivienne was similarly glancing over with some jealousy. Up until now, she'd been fully aware she was the most attractive thing in a hundred meter radius. But now, with Evania's darker beauty and unfettered tits, she had some competition. I knew Vivienne's type. She was energized and aroused by the rush of knowing she had a man's attention, and to lose it was something she simply did not want to deal with.

So to my delight and pleasure, Vivienne simply lay back and unhooked her own bikini top, stripping away the blue and white garment to reveal her prodigious bosoms to anyone who cared to look. And they were certainly worth the look. High, firm, round... simply a gorgeous pair of melons. She then leaned back, planting her hands behind her and thrusting her chest into the air. I saw the corners of her lips rising in a smile as she knew she'd once again drawn the attention of the majority of males in the vicinity, including me.

This was a girl ready and willing to play, and I felt a stirring in my loins as my heartbeat accelerated in excitement. Now I _really_ had to have her. So I curled my finger to Evania, and once my valet was again kneeling in the sand between our two lounge chairs, I leaned forward and whispered to her my instructions. She smiled in understanding. After all, this wasn't the first time we were doing this.

After retrieving four glasses of ouzo from our attendants, Evania, still topless, sauntered over to the girls with the tray. The four young vacationers at first looked quite surprised when the gorgeous Greek woman knelt beside them. But with some mild conversation, the girls graciously accepted the drinks. A few minutes after that, my lovely valet succeeded in inviting them to join us, and the four young ladies picked up their beach towels and moved to spread them out in front of my lounge chairs, comfortably shielded from the sun by my overhead canopy.

One girl, a green-eyed, shoulder-length blonde, seemed the most reluctant and deliberately placed her towel the furthest away from me. I knew that Evania had stated my intentions clearly, that I just wanted the pleasure of their company on the beach and in return, my attendants would provide to all their needs. Indeed, more drinks, snacks, and umbrellas were soon arriving, although there were no additional lounge chairs coming. But still, the blonde girl instinctively knew that while I didn't necessarily *expect* anything more than conversation from them, I certainly _wanted_ more.

It was a game I'd already played twice this trip. I had plenty of money and not enough companionship. I started at Naoussa, on Paros, letting native-Greek Evania show me the way. It took some time, but eventually I landed two beautiful local girls, the pair of them looking for a chance to get away from home for a while. They certainly got their wish, and neither girl spent much time with their clothes on while we cruised all around the Mediterranean for close to a month. They got to explore the world just beyond their usual reach, and I was kept well-satisfied with young pussy whenever I wanted it. But eventually the girls got homesick and we returned them back to Naoussa, full of cum but none the worse for wear.

After a couple of weeks break, it was Evania's suggestion to hit a bigger "tourist" spot. The durations might be shorter and expenses higher, but the experience certainly promised to be wilder. At Ibiza, Spain, I'd picked up a trio of young university-age girls on holiday. They had little money and were originally staying at a hostel rather far from the beach. But instead of spending their weeklong holiday at the hostel, the three of them moved onto my yacht and allowed me to shower them with clothes, dinners, and expensive gifts. And I spent their weeklong holiday fucking all three of them within an inch of their lives. Ultimately, they returned home with pleasant memories and I took another couple of weeks to rest with Evania in Greece. But then it was time to start again. I rather enjoyed how things had worked out at Ibiza, and Evania promised me that Mykonos was every bit the equal as a place to find gorgeous young girls ready to party.

She was right. Yesterday, Evania and I were at the Western end of Paradise Beach. We'd attracted another trio of girls, and by the end of the afternoon two of them certainly seemed willing to spend the next several days with me. But one of the girls was absolutely terrified of going off with a total stranger and ultimately, none of them joined me. In retrospect, I'm rather glad they didn't. Otherwise, I never would have met Vivienne.

And Vivienne seemed just as interested to meet me. The gorgeous dirty-blonde bombshell set her blanket down immediately at the foot of my lounge chair, then sat down with her legs folded to her side while leaning on one arm, bending forward to profile her naked tits for maximum appeal. I couldn't yet see her eyes because of her black Gucci sunglasses, but there was no mistaking the smile on her face. "So," she began in an amused but firm voice, with a noticeable but not unmanageable French accent. "I would like to thank you for the drink, but I make it a point not to accept gifts from strangers."

"My name is Tomas Eriksen," I said gently, holding up my own drink in a 'cheers' gesture. "But you can call me Tom. Now we are not strangers."

"Santé, Tom." Vivienne pronounced it 'Tohm' – like 'tome' with an extra breath of 'huh' before the 'o' – and smiled showing off twin rows of perfect teeth. She raised her glass and took a sip before smirking. "Although you do not look Scandinavian. You are American?"

I reached up to touch my dark hair, frosted with blonde tips, and my decidedly more Eastern features. At least I had the blue eyes. "Yes, American. And my mother is NOT Scandinavian," I noted.

"Ah." The dirty-blonde then canted her head and gestured with her glass to her naked chest. "I am Vivienne," she finally told me her name. Then she swept her hand out to introduce the rest of her friends. Cecile was the shoulder-length blonde who was still suspicious of my motives. Lucette was a slender brunette with big, brown doe eyes. And Aveline was a busty, blue-eyed redhead with a wide mouth and a predatory expression. The four of them were old friends who were reuniting two years after graduating from the Université de Bourgogne. Vivienne and Aveline were best friends who had settled into jobs nearby their school in Dijon, Eastern France. Lucette and Cecile had each returned to their hometowns, and this was the first time all four of them were together again. They had already spent two nights in Mykonos drinking and partying, and as Vivienne put it, were "looking for our next adventure" for the remaining five nights they had left.

Collectively, the girls reminded me of twenty-something Midwestern-Americans, eager to get the hell out of Kansas. They were country girls seeking the energy of bright lights, pumping music, and the appearance of being "sophisticated". Well, they were going to get all the adventure they wanted with me.

The conversation flowed easily, despite the differences with accents. I made it a point to involve all four girls, Cecile perhaps being the least experienced with English and therefore the most hesitant of the French girls. But after an hour of me staying in my seat and keeping my hands to myself (along with round after round of drinks), even she started to loosen up.

I flirted with the four of them and started dropping sexual innuendos into the conversation. Jokes went around about me keeping up with the four of them, and I retorted that even if I took them all on at once, at the end of the evening I would be the only one left standing. That led to jokes about me being an old man and it eventually coming out that I was 32 while the four of them were either 23 or 24. But I promised them I was very fit for my advanced age. From my well-toned body born of the daily workouts with a personal trainer available to someone of wealth like me, the girls seemed to agree.

After the first hour, the redhead Aveline had moved up alongside Vivienne and lost her bikini top. Her tits, while not quite as large as her best friend's, were still quite big and round. Then Lucette shyly shed her top and revealed her very perky B-cups. And egged on by her friends, eventually Cecile stripped down as well to show that she had quite healthy natural C-cups of her own, capped with pretty, pale, pink nipples.

It was time for an afternoon snack then, and the girls oohed and ahhed when my attendants brought us quite the spread. It was a cross-section of food from three nearby cafés, and all four girls rather smugly dug in while basking in the jealous looks of more than a few vacationers around us. We had all the shade, drinks, food, and comfort anyone could want on a beach, far more than the girls were expecting when they woke up this morning.

There was an interesting moment when Aveline dripped some mustard onto her left tit, and she moved to take a napkin to clean it up. But reacting quickly, Vivienne reached out and grabbed Aveline's wrist, stopping her motion. Then darting a glance to me to ensure that I was watching, the busty blonde then bent over and extended her tongue, swiping up the glob of mustard from the upper slope of her best friend's breast before taking it into her mouth, humming erotically.

Lucette looked scandalized. Cecile exclaimed, "Vivi-_enne_!" And Aveline merely smiled mischievously.

Yeah, I think we were all on the same page. I glanced over to Evania who shared my Cheshire smile.

By the end of the second hour, I invited Vivienne to take the lounge chair by my side. And knowing _everything_ that such an invitation implied, the gorgeous young woman agreed. None of the other girls protested. It had always been quite clear that Vivienne was the one I wanted most, and for the moment, the other girls just seemed happy to be along for the ride. My placing my hand onto Vivienne's leg without her objection just seemed to validate the direction we were headed. The only thing was: the girls did not yet know I planned to have them all as well.

I began by asking, "Do you have plans for tonight?"

The girls exchanged glances before Aveline spoke up, "Plans? What fun would a vacation be if we made _plans_?" She laughed musically, the other girls also joining in.

"Well," I brought my hands together, steepling my fingers. "I'm still new to Mykonos and I'm afraid I don't know the best places to go dancing. Would you ladies perhaps like to show me around?"

"We would love to," Vivienne was quick to answer before anyone else could raise an objection. "But we would need to return to our hotel to change into more appropriate clothes."

It was my turn to smile. "Nonsense. Why don't I just take you lovely ladies shopping? My treat. I'm sure we'll find everything you need."

Shopping? Four pairs of eyes lit up in absolute delight.

****

Dresses, shoes, and of course lingerie, which the girls wouldn't let me see (not yet, at least). Plus jewelry. At first, the girls were quite restrained in their selections. After all, they didn't want to upset me. But after my repeated insistence, as well as making several selections on my own and thrusting them at the girls, they got the hint: Money was no object. I was paying. I *wanted* to spoil my new companions. And as the Euros flew by, I could actually _feel_ the sexual excitement building, just like I wanted. After all, under the right circumstances, shopping can make a girl quite aroused while also subtly instilling them with a sense of gratitude. And all four girls were starting to feel the need to thank me, as evidenced by the way they each began hugging me after I made purchase after purchase after purchase (especially the big jewelry ones).

Shopping and changing into their new outfits led us to dinner at the most expensive and upscale restaurant on the island. Dinner led to dancing at a trendy nightclub, during which I finally got to put my hands on Vivienne in a somewhat more intimate manner. Her ass was just as firm as I could have hoped for, and the heat in her eyes made it clear that she would follow me anywhere. "Are you having a good time?" I asked mid-dance.

"The best!" Vivienne enthused just before I twirled her and jerked her back, where she literally fell against my chest, giggling happily. I definitely knew her type: young, energetic, and looking for adventure on holiday. She'd come to the beach with the express purpose of hooking up with someone, and from her perspective, she was about to land the whale. I was wealthy, charming, and an excellent dancer. At worst she was going to have a very pleasant hook-up. And if she was really lucky, we might even stay in contact once the holiday was over. As she fingered the pretty necklace I'd bought for her, which likely cost as much money as she made in a month, I could see Euro symbols lighting up in her soft brown eyes. Perhaps she was already dreaming of becoming my next trophy wife.

Perhaps making my point, Vivienne moved even closer to me with the next dance, wrapping her thighs around my leg and drawing my chest against hers. She held my cheek in one hand and stared intently at me from just centimeters away. "I am having a wonderful time, Tohm," she husked in that alluring accent. "But I think we can have an even better time in your hotel room." And with that, the gorgeous young babe pressed her face forward and pushed her tongue into my mouth.
