 A couple of weeks after our horny encounter outdoors in the woods with Marie, Simon and Chris we had a phone call from Marie asking if we fancied meeting up with them again. Of course we said yes straight away and Marie suggested visiting them at their home that weekend. 

Following the directions Marie had given us we journeyed the thirty or so miles to Simon and Marie's place. On arriving we found an imposing, expensive looking property with plenty of land and a long, narrow driveway up to the house. We rang the doorbell and Marie answered, greeting us both with a warm hug and kiss to the cheek. We followed her into the house through the hallway to a large, tastefully decorated living room. 

At first I was a little taken aback, because as well as Simon another couple was also present. Marie introduced the pair as their good friends Richard and Georgina. As we shook hands and said hello I noticed that Richard was a tall, tanned, muscular and very good looking. Georgina on the other hand was petit and slender; strangely attractive but nervous looking, her short, spiky blonde hair nicely complementing her lean, bronzed features. She looked almost waif-like; dressed in plain white cotton summer dress the contours of her modest breasts clearly visible.

I had to admit Marie looked better now I finally had the chance to see her in a decent light. Her long blonde hair was once again tied back and plaited, nicely showing off her pretty, elegant looking features. She looked taller than I recalled; her slender, curvaceous body done full justice by a silky figure hugging kimono-style dress. Simon too looked good; dressed in a plain white cotton t-shirt and a pair of dark flannel trousers. 

For nearly an hour the six of us sat and chatted. But just as the conversation began to wane Marie quite out of the blue suggested we make ourselves a bit more comfortable. And with that she stood and proceeded slowly to undo the zip that ran the full length to the side of her dress; letting the garment drop to the floor to reveal underneath a black basque with matching black stockings but no panties; the tight fitting basque thrusting her already ample tits firmly together. 

Taking the hint Georgina stood and quickly removed her own dress; exposing her naked body beneath. I couldn't help notice she had the most sizeable, elongated nipples I had ever seen. With Georgina's dress discarded Marie went towards her; embracing one another the pair began to kiss passionately. Marie's hands moved up to caress Georgina's breasts, her fingers rolling her extended, rubbery looking nipples. Breaking off the kiss Marie motioned me over to join them. With the three guys looking on I found myself being hurriedly stripped by the two women. Georgina unfastening my skirt, Marie unbuttoning my blouse; soon I was left in just bra, panties, suspender belt and, of course, stockings. Marie raised both her hands to my face pulling me closer; bringing her soft, warm lips to mine she kissed so deeply and sensually that I could feel my juices immediately begin to flow. As we kissed I could feel Georgina behind me unclasping the hooks of my bra; removing the straps off my shoulders both her hands reached around to cup and then fondle my tits. 

As my lips parted from Marie's it seemed only natural to turn to face Georgina. My lips moved towards hers separating them with my tongue thrusting it against hers, probing, flicking inside her mouth. As I did, I could feel Marie lean round and start on my nipples; enthusiastically licking, sucking and biting each one in turn. I felt Georgina's hand push down between my legs; slightly parting them to allow her fingers to explore the outer folds of my now soaking wet slit, totally weak-kneed as she pushed a finger deep inside my cunt. 

After several minutes Marie took my hand and led me back to the settee; gently forcing me back into a sitting position Marie knelt down in front of me parting my knees to leave room for Georgina to join her on the floor in front of me. With little subtlety Georgina forced forward and began vigorously tonguing my aching pussy. As Georgina expertly moved between lapping my clit to penetrating me fully with her warm, hard tongue, I could feel the initial stages of orgasm begin murmuring inside of me.

At this point I chanced to glance across to where the men were sitting; eyes fixed intently on us, their cocks poking out from loosened trousers each with a hand wrapped firmly around their stiff cocks, wanking as they looked on captivated by our horny display of Sapphic passion. 

Engrossed in the attention Georgina was paying my pussy, I hadn't notice Marie move away but was aware as she returned walking across the room with a large, flesh coloured plastic strap-on cock swinging openly between her legs. The sight of Marie kneeling down behind Georgina and penetrating her with the strap-on dildo brought me instantly to orgasm; wave after wave of intense, mind blowing spasms shuddering through my quivering body. With Georgina preoccupied with her own pleasure I lay back worn out; still kneeling between my parted thighs I could see the sheer lust in Georgina's eyes as Marie shafted her from behind. 

Looking across at Andy I could see Simon had moved to the side of him, his lovely hard cock firmly clenched in Andy's hand. Once again the sight of Andy playing with another man's cock made me horny as hell, even more so as I watched Andy lean forwards and take Simon's cock full into his mouth. Richard meanwhile had come over to the settee; watching his wife being dildo fucked by Marie he stood close to me, his long, thickly veined penis protruding invitingly only a few inches away. Reaching out I took hold of his cock, pulling it towards my open mouth and between my lips. Seeing me sucking her husband off must have taken Georgina over the edge, her entire body arching as she came. With Georgina making way, Marie shuffled closer to the settee; the warm, slippery tip of her strap-on infiltrating my moist crack. The sensation of being fucked this way by another woman made me gorge on Richard's cock harder still, his wife now with one hand stroking my breasts watching attentively as I brought her husband exploding to climax inside my mouth. 

With Richard's salty, gooey cum dribbling out from the side of my mouth, Georgina leant over; her mouth meeting mine hungrily tasting the residue of her husband's hot, runny spunk. For the second time that evening I could feel myself coming as Marie ground the strap-on dildo harder and faster into my wide open hole, leaving me utterly exhausted as well as a little bit sore. I must admit to feeling like a complete slut but loved every minute of it so far.

I regretted, both then and later, missing seeing Andy bringing off Simon in his mouth; my husbands very first time swallowing another bloke's semen. I did however manage to recover my senses in just enough time to see Andy shoot his own load in return into Simon's expectant mouth. A truly horny experience for me.

Sensibly, Marie suggested we take a break to have more drinks and some time to recover.

As the evening was warm Simon had opened the patio doors and with wine glasses in hand we made our way outside into the secluded garden where we continued chatting amiably. After a while I noticed Andy clearly admiring Georgina's impressive nipples which had begun to stiffen in the cool, light outdoor breeze. Neither had this escaped Georgina's attention; she placed her wine glass down on the nearby table and looking directly at Andy she raised her hands and began to play with her own nipples, pulling them out and pinching them between her fore finger and thumb. The others turned to watch Georgina move towards Andy still looking him in the eye, still firmly clawing her nipples. 

Standing right in front of him, Georgina cupped up both breasts in her hands plainly inviting Andy to feel them which, without a second thought, he duly did. I found myself once more aroused as I looked on at Andy bowing his head to take one of Georgina's enormous nipples between his lips. Behind them I could see Marie standing between Richard and Simon. She too had put her wine glass down and was now stroking both their cocks back to life, one in each hand as the two of them openly fondled her perfect tits.

As Andy was chewed on her left breast I moved across and positioned myself on the other side and put my mouth towards Georgina's other nipple, first flicking it with my tongue then drawing it in fully between my lips. I reached down and took hold of Andy's erect prick, rubbing it briskly as we both sucked away on Georgina's tits. I felt one of Georgina's hands join mine wrapped around Andy's cock, her other hand stroking the back of my head through my hair.

I wanted so much to see Andy fuck Georgina; so much so I took hold of her arm and guided her back towards the table where straight away she lay down. Andy needed no encouragement from me; moving closer to the table parting Georgina's legs he slid his rock solid cock inside her waiting pussy. As he began pumping the full length of his glistening rod deep inside her I saw Simon and Richard come over and position themselves either side of Georgina's head, their cocks straining towards her open mouth. Marie joined us and as Andy began fucking Georgina harder Marie and I went to work on her tits whilst she took it in turns to suck Richard and Simon's cocks.

Simon beside me at the table, I could feel his hand pull down between my buttocks and his finger poke inside my pussy. Lubricating, I could feel Simon's finger prying gently around the opening of my anus; probing it a little more with each movement until fully inserted, properly finger fucking me up the arse. Seeing I was clearly enjoying it Simon moved directly behind me and withdrawing his finger he softly pressed the tip of his cock against my bottom, tenderly easing it bit by bit a little further into my tight virgin arse.

Within minutes Georgina had began to cum as Andy spunked his load into her pussy and Richard did the same in her mouth. At the same time I could feel Simon's hot cum spurting in floods up inside my arse, with the combination of that and me frigging my own clit bringing me off also. 

That night both Marie and I took turns replacing Georgina on the table; me being fucked by Simon and Marie by Richard. As Simon fucked me I watched Andy go down on Richard and I finally had the chance to see his mouth filled with another mans spunk.

I felt even more of a slut as the night finally wound to an end. We eventually parted company, saying our goodbyes before heading off for home. Little was said on the journey home but we both knew then that a whole new and exciting world had opened up to us.