 This is part of an ongoing story over multiple Categories with common characters. 

*****

Next day came round and I got a text.

"Ding!"

Scott – "Hey Tom, we still on for 11:30 at Sal's?"

Me – "You bet. Looking forward to it. How's Debbie?"

Him – "That's all she's been talking about. See you then."

Me – "Will do. Later."

Man, I wasn't sure what Debbie wanted to talk about, but after what Scott had said to me, that maybe she was suspicious of him and me. I just hoped Debbie wasn't a drama queen.

11:30 and I got to Sal's; Debbie and Scott were at a table outside having beers. 

"Debbie, this is Tom," Scott said. I nodded and smiled, said hello.

"I know you," she said with a smile. "You're a customer at Cup in Time and a close friend of Jason."

Uh, oh! That's right; she's been there a few times when Jason and I sneak off to the storeroom. Okay, I bet I know where this is heading. 

Scott thought as much as well as his smile kind of faded. Debbie looked at us both and said, "Don't worry guys. I'm good with you guys sucking cocks, now let's go order some pizza." She got up and headed inside; I looked at Scott and him at me, not sure what was going to happen next.

We went inside and ordered, I told them lunch was me, I insisted. I took the number and got a beer and we went back to the table. When we got there we did the chit chat stuff, where you from, how'd you get here, what do you think about x, y and z – chit chat.

The waitress came by with the pizza and we started to eat. Scott asked if I wanted another beer, I said sure. He got up and went to get them; Debbie and I continuing to chat.

"I think guys that have girlfriends or wives and are secure enough to suck cock are hot," she said looking me in the eyes. "I've noticed Scott's become much more confident since he's been sucking your cock. So I guess thank you is in order." She smiled and took a bite out of her pizza. 

I looked into the restaurant and saw Scott watching us, smiling and waving. I smiled back. I knew I had to say something so I did.

"Scott's a nice guy. He's lucky that you think that way," Uh, not very good, but hey.

Debbie laughed. "I'd like to see you guys suck and fuck each other," she said. "You do fuck too, right?"

Scott came back with the beers and passed them out. "What'd I miss?" he asked. Oh shit!

"I was just telling Tom how I'd like to see you guys suck each other off," she said matter of factly. She reached over and tapped my forearm, "That would be so hot."

Scott almost dropped his beer and said, "Uh, uh, what?"

Debbie looked at me and said, "Oh come on Scott, I know you suck this guy's cock. Read the texts."

Scott was squirming now and Debbie continued. "My only concern is Tom's sucking "my" cock, you know Scott. How would you like it if Tom fucked me?"

Scott looked at me for help, I didn't know what to say so said nothing, took a long sip of beer. Finally he said, "You want Tom to fuck you?"

She laughed, "That's not what I said Scott. I said how would you like it?"

"I'm sorry, I don't know what to say," he replied.

Debbie looked at Scott, then me, then back to Scott. "I tell you what Scott, why don't the three of us go somewhere and you watch Tom fuck me? You want to fuck me Tom?"

I clapped my hands and rubbed them together, then said "You know you're a very attractive girl with a strong personality. It'd be an honor to fuck you, but I don't want to cause any trouble." Geez, that sounded lame, but hey, I was still trying to figure this stuff out.

Debbie looked at me, nodded her head and said, "Now I see how you got Scott to suck your cock." She smiled and continued. "Scott, let's all three of us go somewhere and fuck. Worse case is one of us gets pissed off best case is we have something new to do."

Scott replied, "Oh what the fuck, let's do it. Tom, you in?"

I looked at the both of them and said "Hell yes."

We decided it was best to go to their place – closer was one good reason – and we finished up quickly, grabbed a to-go box and took off. I followed them in my car; we got there in ten minutes and were in the apartment in twelve. 

Debbie looked at me and Scott and said, "C'mon Tom," as she went into the bedroom. Once there they began to take off their clothes, I quickly followed. Debbie opened a box on a chest of drawers and pulled out a bottle of lube and a big black dildo. She looked at me and laughed as she put down the lube. "I like it up the ass Tom." Scott nodded vigorously and said, "She does."

Okay, so Debbie's the Alpha in this relationship. That's cool I like strong women especially they aren't bashful when it comes to sex.

"Your call Debbie," I said with a smile, "Tell us what you want and in what order you want it."

She looked at me; her eyes locked on mine and flashed, "I like that Tom. Let's see. Scott, suck his cock!"

I stood up in front of the bed and Scott dropped down to his knees. "Do it like I taught you Scott," I said for Debbie's benefit. Her eyes flashed again. My hands went to my nipples as Scott's wet lips went to my cock. He licked it with his tongue then went down towards my balls, kissing my cock all the way. Once there he picked them up in his hand and began to nibble and lick, my nipples getting even harder. I saw Debbie's hand caressing her tits her eyes still locked on mine.

Scott now moved up my cock, licking slowly, his hand moving up behind as his mouth went up. When he reached the top, he took the head of my hard cock into his mouth; just the head. His tongue swirled in lazy circles around it, and then he started to go deep. 

"Oh yeah, Scott," Debbie said. "That's hot. Can you get his cock all the way inside your mouth?"

I knew he could, pretty much, and down he went, his hand leaving my cock as he got nose to crotch. I flexed my cock; he made yummy sounds, Debbie's hand sliding to her crotch. I flicked my tongue at her and smiled, she took a quick breath.

Scott came up slowly, his wet hand back on my cock; Scott had learned a lot since the first time he sucked my cock and not only from me. I took a deep breath as he started back down.

"Tom, lay down on the bed, face up," Debbie said. "Scott; suck his cock."

I did and he did; on my back, Scott on his knees, my thick, hard, aching cock in his mouth. He cupped my balls and squeezed them as he sucked.

Debbie looked at me and climbed on the bed. "Lick me Tom" she said. She straddled my face, her wet pussy an inch away from my mouth. How did I know it was wet? 'Cuz when that fine girl brought it down to me I went up for it, licking her hard, swollen clit; it was fucking great! I went slowly around it then fast and pressing hard, she squirmed a bit and moaned. Scott was till sucking my cock; I was aching, but didn't want to cum. 

This went on for a few minutes, Debbie grinding her wet, tasty pussy against my hard mouth as my tongue darted inside her. I worked my hand under her thighs, and managed to slip two fingers into her cunt. She squealed grinding harder as my tongue locked onto her clit. After another few minutes, I was close to cumming and pushed her away.

She looked at me with a quizzical almost angry look and said "What the fuck Tom?"

"Let's spit roast Scott," I said locking eyes with her. I could tell she wasn't quite sure what I meant so I elaborated. Pushing Scott from my cock I slid her onto the bed, she frowned, I talked fast. "Spit roast Debbie. Slide that nice big dildo in that perfect pussy of yours and while Scott licks you, I'll fuck his ass. Spit roast." Okay, technically not a spit roast, but she'll still love it.

She didn't know what to say, I nodded, and she said "Yes! Yes! That sounds great."

Debbie spread her legs and told Scott, "Get the dildo babe." He did, lubed it up – that really wasn't necessary – then slid it deep inside her. Dropping to his knees on the edge of the bed he went down on her.

I grabbed the lube, lubed up and smiled as Debbie looked at me. I aimed my cock to Scott's asshole and slid it forward. He backed up onto it as I went balls deep, not fast, not hard; nice and slow. He moaned as it slid in, Debbie's eyes widened and her hands went to her nipples while Scott licked away, the dildo all the way in.

"Oh shit!" she said loudly as Scott licked her big dildo filled pussy, I fucked his ass and she looked at me while it all went on. I smiled and started to fuck his ass nice and slow, nice and deep, my hands on his hips. He was into it, making grunting noises in time to my strokes. Debbie was going "Oh, oh, oh!" as Scott licked her clit, sliding the dildo in and out of her, faster and faster. She was close, at least it sounded that way and I think I was right; she screamed "Ahhhhhh!" Her hips bucking as Scott worked the dildo faster and faster. Finally she pushed him away, breathing rapidly. I pulled out of Scott's ass.

"Scott," I said. "Get me a wet washcloth so I can clean off my cock." I looked down at Debbie and asked "Want to be spit roasted gorgeous?"

She looked at me, didn't say a word, not quite sure what to say I guess. "Debbie. Do you want us to spit roast you? Up to you babe." Scott handed me the wash cloth and I wiped my cock clean.

"Yes."

I smiled and asked Scott, "What end would you like?"

Before he could answer, Debbie said quickly "I want Tom to fuck me."

I nodded, Scott smiled and he sat on the edge of the bed. I moved Debbie to the floor, on her knees in front of Scott and got on one knee and one foot behind her. I slowly pushed her head down towards Scott's cock as I rubbed her wet pussy lips with the head of my cock. She was already moaning. I slid by hard dick into her; her pussy was hot, wet and tight. Fuck, if Scott was banging this all the time, he was one lucky motherfucker! I went balls deep, tapping her ass with my balls. Scott looked at me and smiled, I smiled back and saw Debbie's head moving up and down on Scott's cock.

I wondered who was going to cum first, not even sure if I could get Debbie to cum just from fucking her, but I'd give it a try. Debbie was banging up against me as I went deeper, faster, her head not missing a stroke on Scott's cock.

"Oh fuck! Debbie!" Scott yelled as he shot his first spurt of cum into her mouth. She moaned as he shot a second, third, heck I don't know, how many spurts of hot cum into her mouth. After a bit Scott pulled away; and so did Debbie?!

She spun around, still on her knees and grabbed my cock in her hand. "I want this," she said, staring up at me. "I want this!"

I looked at her and said, "Don't swallow it; bring it to me so we can share it.

"Oh, fuck!" she said and she slid my cock into her mouth. She was on a mission as she used her wet hand tight against her hot mouth and slid up and down; fast! I stroked my nipples and wanted to cum. Her other hand squeezed my balls in time to the down strokes. I wasn't going to last long and didn't, yelling as I fired a large gob of cum into her mouth, then a second and third. I started to shake as she kept sucking, milking every drop of cum from me. After getting me to dry fire a few time she stood up and locked her mouth on mine, Our tongues collided and rubbed vigorously, each trying to outdo the other for my cum. After a bit, it was all gone: we continued to kiss.

Finally I pulled away, her giving me a semi-sad look and we all sat back to recover, totally spent.

No one said a word for a while, not sure how this was playing out. Sometimes your fantasy can be a bad thing once it's been acted on.

Finally Debbie looked at Scott and asked, "You pissed that Tom fucked the hell out of me and I sucked his cock?" She did have a way with words, must be an age thing as she was pretty young. Anyway, Scott replied "No, I'm not pissed."

"Good," she said with an uplifting voice. "Oh, but I have a question for you Scott."

Uh oh, she was one manipulative bitch; pretty hot.

"You still want to suck and fuck Tom?" she asked.

"Yes."

"Like before?"

"Yes."

"I mean just you two, let's say when I'm working," she asked.

Uh oh, I see where this is going.

"Yes," he said. The trap was sprung.

"Good," she said. "So do I. You good with that Scott, I mean it's only fair, right?"

Scott fumbled a bit then replied, "You're right, it is only fair. Fuck him whenever you want."

"But I still want to fuck you Scott," Debbie said, throwing him a bone. "You're my boy."

Scott smiled and said "I want to fuck you too babe!"

I looked at my watch and said, "I hate to go, but I do have an appointment tonight."

Debbie smiled and replied, "Oh no problem Tom; I'm sure we'll see each other again soon enough. Be sure to give me your phone number." She pointed to her phone on the chest of drawers. I punched in my phone number; it rang and went to voice mail. I hung up and put her phone back on the chest. I got dressed, they didn't. 

"Let yourself out Tom," Debbie said. "Scott and I have more fucking to do, right babe?"

"Right babe," he replied. They went back to it and I let myself out.

***********