 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of gay male sexual content.

*

I got up and took a shower, not being sure what was in store for me with Cyndee. "We have to talk Tom," she had said last night and that didn't sound good.

My bet was she was going to dump me. I thought I had spent enough time with here. The sex was great, or at least I thought so. I knew she came as we used vibrators and dildos, all kinds of wonderful stuff. I wasn't dumb enough to think my tongue could work her clit as fast as a vibrator, or her favorite clit massager; what'd she call it, Mr. Pink?

She used it on herself while she was filled balls deep by our favorite black dildo, I loved licking it to get it wet for her; she came really fucking hard. Hey, but maybe I was wrong.

Well if she did dump me, at least she'd do it at Jason's coffee shop. Maybe he would suck me off if I felt really bad about it. Anyway, I got ready and went out, expecting the worse.

When I got there she was already waiting for me. I waved and went to the counter, ordered my doppio, then went to see her. Jason wasn't visible anywhere, so maybe he was in the back.

I kissed Cyndee on the cheek and sat down.

"How you doing sweetie," I asked. "You okay?"

She smiled and said that she was. We did a little small talk for a bit then I heard my name called. Of course, it was Jason.

"Tom."

I walked over to the bar and got my cup. "How you doing Tom?" he asked.

"Good man, how about you?" I said with a slight knowing grin.

"Oh" he replied. "Really good. You know Cyndee?"

I stopped for a second then replied, "Yeah. Yes I do. She's my girlfriend."

Jason gave me a quizzical look and nodded a couple of times then said "Okay, good for you."

I wasn't sure what to make of that and went back to the table.

"So Cyndee," I began. "You come here often?"

"Yeah, it's on my way to work," she replied. "Why'd you ask?"

"The guy up there."

"Jason," she interrupted.

"Yeah, Jason; asked if I knew you."

"What'd you say?" she asked.

"I said you were my girlfriend," I replied.

Cyndee got quiet and took a sip of her latte. Exhaling deeply she said, "That's one of the things we need to talk about."

Of fuck! That son of a bitch Jason's been fucking my girlfriend!? And that slut was doing it behind my back. Mother fuckers, son of a bitch!

"So what is it?" I asked.

"He asked me out," she said.

"What did you say?"

"I said no, that I couldn't. That I had a boyfriend," she replied.

Oh, that was sweet.

"But I think I want to."

Okay, that's a bit different.

"So you want to go out with Jason?" I repeated. "But you have a boyfriend."

"Not exactly," she said. "I kind of want my cake and eat it too."

"Go on."

"I kind of want to go out with him, but I like being with you."

"Do you want to fuck him?" I asked matter of factly.

Cyndee's eyes widened. I wasn't sure if she was going to tell me to fuck off, toss her drink into my face, or what.

"Don't be rude," she said.

"No really, do you want to fuck him?" I continued. "I won't be mad or hurt. Hell. I'd fuck him if I was a girl."

Okay this was really getting weird, but what the hell.

"You'd fuck him if you were a girl? Really?" she said in disbelief. "And I suppose you'd suck his dick if you were a man."

I didn't know what to say so didn't say anything. I took a long drink of my Carolans laced doppio. I motioned to Jason that I'd like another.

Cyndee hadn't said anything, waiting for me to speak and I wasn't about to. Finally she said, "Should we break up?"

I shook my head questioningly and replied, "Why would we do that?"

She looked at me strangely and said "Because I want to go out with that guy and you don't care."

"Not true babe," I replied. "I'm happy with you and wouldn't do anything to hurt you or stop you from doing something you really wanted to do. I mean, you didn't do it and we're talking about it instead. If in the future we ain't good, we can split up, no hard feelings. But over this?"

She shook her head and smiled insincerely "I can't believe you. You're telling me it's okay for me to go out with another guy; hell even fuck him, and you're okay with that?"

"Tom!"

"Hold on a second, I have to go get my drink." I got up and went to the counter. I paid Jason for the drink and he said, "Tom. I'm sorry man. I didn't know Cyndee was your girlfriend. I mean, she's been a steady customer for a while and I thought..."

I raised my hand and stopped him, then smiled. "Interested in a threesome with Cyndee and me?" I asked.

Jason looked at me with a WTF look . "A threesome?"

"Yes."

"You, me and her."

"Yes."

He hesitated in thought then asked, "Can I still suck your dick and you'd suck mine?"

"Yes."

Jason paused then said, "Count me in."

I got back to the table and before I sat down Cyndee asked, "What did you say to him?"

"Who?"

"Jason," she said angrily.

I laughed and said, "Calm down babe, it's all good."

Cyndee slowly began to simmer down, not saying anything. After a few minutes I said "Okay, here's the deal. Nothing's changed; I still have the same feelings for you as before we talked about this. I want us both to be happy."

"Go on," she said questioning with raised eyebrows.

"You still have feelings for me or you would have just broken it off, but you didn't. Instead you want your cake and eat it too." I took a sip of my drink. "So do I. I'll take it a step farther. Why don't you, me and Jason have a threesome? I mean we talked about it a bit before."

She stopped and I couldn't read her expression. Something was going to happen; I just hoped it wouldn't be too public.

Cyndee smiled and said, "Oh, I understand now. You want to suck his cock while you fuck me?"

"I nodded," and said and smiled "And he can suck my cock while he fucks you."

Cyndee looked at Jason then back at me. "I'd like to see that. How do we mention it to him? Think he'll say yes. Can we still stay together?"

"Oh yeah, we can stay together as long as it's good for both of us," I said. "Don't worry; I'm sure I can work things out. What's your week like?"

Cyndee smiled and she gave me a couple of options time wise.

"Well that came out better than I could have hoped," she said. "Thanks for being understanding, Tom."

She got up, I gave her a kiss on the cheek, "My pleasure babe, you're worth it."

As we started to leave she looked back at Jason and said, "Thanks again."

"Anytime. Hope to see you soon," he replied.

As we walked out the door she said, "So you'll really suck his cock?"

"Oh yeah," I replied. "Guaranteed."

"That's so fucking hot Tom," she said. "I wish I had more time, I'd fuck the hell out of you right now."

I laughed and replied, "It's all good babe. I'll let you know what Jason says."

I stopped and watched her walk down the street. This was going to be fun. I went back inside to talk with Jason.

************

"Piranhas," I said. "I have reservations for three at 7PM."

Cyndee got quiet then asked "Three?"

"You bet sweetheart," I replied. "Jason's looking forward to meeting you."

"Jason," she replied. "We're going to do this Tom?"

"We're going to do this."

"Are you sure? What if he says no? What if ..."

I cut her off softly with "It'll be wonderful babe, just don't overthink it. I'll pick you up at 6:30."

My cock was already hard.

When we got to Piranhas Jason was waiting inside and he looked hot. The hostess escorted us to our table and as she did I asked about Edwin. She said that he wasn't here tonight, but thought he was supposed to be by next week sometime. I asked her to tell him I had been by and gave her one of my cards.

I had told Cyndee to let me bring up the threesome idea to Jason. "Just relax and have a nice dinner," I told her. "Things will be fine." Of course, Jason and I had it all planned out.

Dinner was excellent and after the check arrived I said to Jason, "Want to go back to my place and have a nightcap?"

He nodded and smiled, looking at Cyndee he said "That sounds good. I'll grab a bottle and meet you guys there."

On the way to my place Cyndee said, "He knows what's going on ."

"Yep."

"It wasn't a question Tom," she replied. "It's more of a statement."

We got to my place. Cyndee slipped her heels off and sat on the sofa. Opening her purse she pulled out Mr. Pink and said that she might need this, but since Jason was here there'd be no need for a dildo. As she went to the bedroom to place Mr. Pink next to the bed Jason arrived.

"All good Tom?" he asked as he took off his coat. Then he got quiet and looked over my shoulder. I turned to see what had caught his attention.

Cyndee was standing in the bedroom door, totally naked.

"I'm not in the mood for a nightcap, but maybe I can give you guys something better?" she said with a smile.

I looked at Jason and we both smiled, walking towards the bedroom. Cyndee backed away and after we had undressed she knelt down between us and took a cock in each hand. Looking up she smiled and went to Jason's cock first, her mouth slipping over the head. I knew he was in for a good time, Cyndee loved sucking cock. Once when she was sucking me I said something to her and she said, "Shhh! This is between me and your cock," and went on sucking. I watched Jason's nipples hardening up so knew he was enjoying himself. Hell, I was enjoying it and it wasn't even my turn!

But it was soon enough. That familiar mouth was on me, sliding up and down ever so slow. Cyndee did me for a few minutes then I felt her mouth slide off. It was replaced by Jason's! I enjoyed Jason's mouth, hot and wet as I slid in and out.

I wondered how she would take it and I'd have to say she took it well. As Jason sucked, Cyndee sat back on the bed and pulled out Mr. Pink. As she buzzed away I rubbed my nipples, looking her in the eyes. She was watching her boyfriend getting his dick sucked by another guy and loved it. After a couple of more minutes I pulled Jason up from his knees and laid him down next to Cyndee.

"Come help me babe," I said as I knelt down in front of Jason. She watched me put his cock in my mouth and knelt beside me. We tongued his dick together, our tongues rubbing against each other and his hard cock in between. Then she pushed my head closer to his dick and watched as it slid in and out of my mouth.

"Oh fuck Tom," she said as she fingered herself. "That's so hot."

Jason was loving it; his hands on my shoulders, his hips moving in unison with my mouth. In and out, I thought how much I loved sucking his cock then he pushed me away and said "Spit roast?"

In looked into his eyes and agreed, "Spit roast."

Cyndee had a look of uncertainty on her face as I moved behind her and slid her directly between Jason's legs. "Suck his cock babe while I fuck you," I said as my cock touched her ass from behind. She bent over, took Jason's dick into her mouth and spread her legs, understanding what we had in mind. I grabbed my throbbing cock and pushed it into her hot and wet cunt. Head in, then all the way. She grunted a bit as I went balls deep, her head moving up and down on Jason's cock. I could see her start to shake with each pump of our dicks into her.

Here I was, fucking my girlfriend from behind while she sucked my friend's cock. She loved it, I loved it and looking at Jason's grinning face I could tell he loved it. I pumped her hard and deep while she sucked away, moaning while having a cock in her mouth. Her pussy was hot and wet and I looked forward to getting it filled up with Jason's cum. Hey, after all he was a guest!

After about five minutes I pulled out and Jason gently pushed her away. She had a bit of a glazed look in her eyes; a "what next?" look.

"Want some of this Jason?" I asked, pointing down at Cyndee.

"Oh hell yes," he said. He grabbed her and lifted her up onto the bed. Lying back she spread her legs and said "Somebody better fuck me!"

Jason slipped a pillow under her ass, grabbed his cock and slipped it inside her.

"Oh yes," she said. "Oh fuck me Jason, fuck me!"

As he did I reached over to the bed and grabbed Mr. Pink. I turned it on, licked the head, and handed it to her. Her eyes widened as she realized what was next. We often did it this way, a big fat dildo balls deep inside her, Mr. Pink on her clit and my cock in her mouth. This time she'd have a real cock inside her tight twat. Jason was banging away, slow and deep, Mr. Pink was whirring and I knelt next to her head. She reached over and grabbed my dick, hungrily putting it into her mouth.

We fucked that way for a few minutes then she came and came really hard. I have to admit I was proud of her, her mouth never letting go of my cock while she came. "Yes, oh fuck!" she yelled, pulling my cock out of here mouth. "I'm cumming so hard!' and she was.

I slipped off the bed and told Jason "My turn." He smiled and replied "You bet."

I grabbed Cyndee's legs while she was still cumming and went balls deep into her. She sort of moaned, sort of gasped as I pounded her pussy. She was really wet, always was after she came. We fucked for few minutes then I stopped.

Pulling out I backed away and Jason dropped to his knees, taking my cock into his mouth. "Cum in me," he said as he started to suck.

I watched Cyndee watching Jason suck my cock. She was mesmerized I guess. She looked me in the eyes as he sucked and she smiled and began to touch her nipples.

"That's' so fucking hot babe," she said. "You going to cum in his mouth?"

"He better," Jason said then slid back down. I was aching and wanted to cum. How this would play out I didn't know and didn't care. I just wanted to cum.

I exploded into Jason's mouth, a really large hot load. "Oh fuck yeah Jason, fuck yeah!" I pumped cum into his mouth and he swallowed greedily. After a few dry fires I backed off and sat in the chair. Jason got up and pulled Cyndee close, mouth moving over hers, they kissed deeply. I knew he was giving her some of my cum and she was loving it, moaning as they kissed.

After a minute he laid back on the bed, cock still hard and asked "Reverse cowgirl?" I had told him she loved doing that and she did. I watched as she climbed on top of him. Grabbed his dick and shoved it in. Reaching over she grabbed Mr. Pink and started on her clit as she moved up and down, forward a bit, getting Jason's cock deep inside.

In looked at her and she stared at me with wide eyes, breathing a little heavier with each deep thrust. Jason was grunting too as she pumped until finally he bucked up and started to cum.

Cyndee picked up speed as his cum filled her up. Jason yelled and she kept pumping, pumping until he was drained and couldn't take any more. He pushed her off, she moved over and some cum dripped out of her cunt. I got up and pushed her onto her back. My mouth dropped to her cum filled pussy and I began to lick. She squealed lightly as I licked her clean. After I was finished I sat back into the chair.

She followed me, grabbed my cock with one hand and Mr. Pink with the other. She took my now hardening cock into her mouth and began playing with Mr. Pink as she sucked.

Jason sat up and shook his head. "She's insatiable, he said.

"And we're lucky," I said quickly, enjoying her wet skilled mouth on my now very hard cock.

Then she started to cum. She began to shake, but kept sucking me as the waves of orgasm tore over her. After a couple of minutes she pulled away and sat back onto the floor.

Jason walked over to me and shoved my cock into his mouth. He knew I had already cum and as we often did, this meant the second blow job would be hard and fast. He moved fast, his wet hand under his mouth, my cock always in contact. I ached, hard and yelled.

Jason took the cum and swallowed it, pumping hard, deep and fast until I began to dry fire, again. Cyndee was next to him her mouth seeking his, "Give it to me Jason," she said, eager to swap my cum. The two kissed as before. After a bit she pushed away and sitting Jason back on the bed she went down on him.

Just as I knew you need it hard and fast after the first time you cum so did she. Actually, she might have been the one I learned it from, who knows.

All I did know is Jason didn't take long to cum and Cyndee swallowed it, but not all of it. After Jason had finished she walked over to me, grabbed my head and locked her mouth onto mine and slid Jason's cum into my mouth. Fuck, I love this girl!

After a bit she backed away and sat back on the floor.

"That was fucking great gentlemen," she said.

"Are we done?" I asked.

She reached down and touched her clit, went "Whoa" and pulled back. "I need a bit of a rest down there, but it's still early in the evening." She giggled and looked at Jason, "You have to be any place?" she asked.

He laughed, "Are you kidding? What would be so important that I'd have to leave?"

"I agree," I said. "This was really good."

"And it'll just get better," Cyndee blurted out, then frowned and looked at me, "I mean uh."

I laughed and side "Don't worry babe, I'm sure there'll me more times. Right, Jason?"

"Oh fuck yeah," he replied.

Later that night after Jason actually did leave; after all three of us each had cum at least one more time; Cyndee and I talked about what had happened.

"We good babe?" I asked.

"Am I good with you sucking a man's cock and you letting me fuck another guy?" she replied with a smile. "Hell yeah I am. What do you call that thing you guys did to me?"

"The fucking your mouth while fucking your sweet pussy?"

"Yeah, that's it. I loved that!"

I laughed and said "I thought you would. Spit roasting; it's called spit roasting."

"Yeah, I liked that a lot." She replied. "We're good Tom, you're still my boyfriend and I'm your girlfriend if that's still okay?"

"Still okay?" I walked over to her and held her in my arms. "Of course, only a fool would break this off. But we should make some rules to be sure no one gets hurt."

"Rules?"

"Yeah," I said. "Can you fuck Jason when I'm not around or does it always have to be a three way?"

Cyndee frowned and thought about it a minute, "That's a good question. Can you suck his cock and he suck yours when I'm not around?"

She had a point. I may have a nice number of cocks to suck, but I didn't want to give up Jason. "That's a good question too. What do you think?"

She thought about it for a minute then said, "If I can fuck Jason when you're not around, you can suck his cock when I'm not around. But, we still have to have threesomes. I mean. I love that spit roasty thing!"

I do too, I thought, especially when I'm the roast.

"Deal!" This turned out better than I had hoped. I wasn't sure how long this arrangement would last, but I would take advantage of it as long as I could.