 Cyndee Kathy Carl Gary4 way

This is part of an ongoing story over multiple Categories with common characters. 

The next day I texted Cyndee, she had said "We have to talk" the day before so I figured why not. Since we broke up after she moved in with Jason, I had seen her a few times, but we did "it" only once and that was with Jason's blessings. I had found out from Jason that he had moved out. Lucky for him the lease was pretty much over so it was her problem now. I texted her.

Me -- "What's up? You okay?"

Cyndee -- "At work; can we get together tonight?"

Me -- "Sure. How about Cup in Time?"

Her -- "Hell no! How about your place?"

Me -- "How about In n Out?"

Her -- "I can be there at 5:15, right after work."

Me -- "How about 7? Take your time, freshen up and relax."

Her -- "7 it is. Thank you, you are always there for me."

Uh, oh!

I parked the van in the In n Out lot and went inside. Cyndee was already at a table. She motioned me over and said "Have a seat, I already ordered for us."

"Really?"

"Yep, ordered you a Double Double Protein Style no Onions Meal. Here's your cup to get whatever you want to drink." Cyndee said with a smile. "We know each other pretty well Tom."

I smiled and agreed. It was easy to be mad at Cyndee when I wasn't with her; but when I was, it was near impossible.

"69. Order number 69."

Cyndee already had her drink so I went up, got our order plus my drink, and a couple of those little hot peppers. I sat back down and we began to eat and talk.

"So you know Jason and I split up," she said between bites. Yes, she loves In n Out so much she can have important conversations and still enjoy her burger.

"Yeah, I heard," I replied. Munch; so could I.

"He wasn't like you Tom; you understand me, he doesn't." She took a sip of her chocolate shake, the straw in her mouth made me remember and smile.

"Understand you about what?" Munch, munch, sip, sip.

"You know; stuff," she said. Looking at me she conceded, "Okay, I know he caught me with Kathy."

"Doing what?" I said already knowing.

"You know; stuff." 

"Really? Like what?" I was close to pissing her off; I missed that.

"Licking her pussy!"

A couple at the table next to us looked over with "Did she just say what I think she said?" looks. Cyndee turned at them and said, "I'm sorry you heard that; sorry." She turned back to me and smiled, giggled.

"So Jason didn't like that?" I asked. "Was he there?"

"No, it just happened; well kind of sort of," she replied.

"Ever do that when we were together?" I asked.

"Ever suck another cock besides Jason's?" she replied.

"Good point," I said, hoping the couple next to us hadn't heard that one.

"Anyway, we're done," she said.

"You and Jason?"

"No, I mean you just finished the last of your drink and I'm done too," she said standing up. "Oh yeah, and Jason too; we're done."

"Done, done?" I asked as we tossed the garbage away and headed out the door.

"Oh yeah, done," she said. "You can go ahead and suck his cock if you want, but no threesome with me and him."

We got to my van; I had parked it next to her car.

"No threesomes with you and him," I repeated.

"Right; him no," she said looking me in the eyes with a smile. "You; yes. You know, as a matter of fact, Kathy and I were talking about you and we were wondering if you would; like to fuck us some time." 

I laughed and said," You and Kathy?"

"Yeah," Cyndee replied. "Me and Kathy. We have a strap-on."

"A strap-on? And why are you telling me this?"

"I saw Jason fucking your ass that time," she said laughing.

I laughed and shook my head, "Oh yeah, that's right. Yes, I'd be honored to have a threesome with you two."

"Cool. Cool, cool, cool," she said "I'll have you over to our place."

"Our place?"

"Oh yeah; once Jason moved out Kathy moved in; it's really cool," she replied. "Now will you fuck me in that van?"

I laughed, "In that van?" 

"Yeah, your new one," she said. "I still keep up on you Tom. Jason told me about it."

I reached into my pocket and pulled out the keys. Opening the passenger door I motioned with my hand and said "After you."

She climbed in; I went to the driver's side door. Once inside I closed off the front and the curtains for all the windows making it nice and private. We moved to the back.

"Gee, I haven't fucked in a van since high school," she said. "Okay, college; well high school and college."

I grabbed her by the hand and pulled her towards me. She took her top off and the bra soon followed. I pulled her close and kissed her deeply, caressing her tits, getting the nipples hard. Our tongues went back and forth between our mouths; I liked how aggressive Cyndee could be. She grabbed my cock.

I pulled back and dropped to my knees, undid my pants and pushed them down along with my underwear, my cock already hard. She smiled, pushed me back and dove onto my cock, her mouth taking it all in, going down to the bottom.

"Oh shit!" I said as she grabbed my cock and stroked it up and down, her lips tight on her hand, always keeping my cock wet and hot as she sucked. I grabbed her head, not forcing her in any direction, just wanting the contact. 

I wanted to cum and she was getting me there fast! I pushed her off of me and onto her back. She kept her "fuck me pumps" on as I pulled her panties off and lifted her skirt up, pushed her onto her back on the bean bag chair. I went down with my head; she stopped me and said "I've been so fucking wet since I first saw you. Fuck me, now!"

I pulled her legs up, she smiled, and I stopped. She gave me a "What the fuck are you doing look?" I turned to my left and opened the small cabinet under the windowsill and reached in. I pulled out a Mr. Pink; she had at least two of these clit vibrators, so I had bought my own. I stuck the head into my mouth, wet it and laid it on her clit. Her eyes widened as she took it from my hand and turned it on and went to work. I knew how this could work out.

I had to decide; do I fuck her pussy or her ass, because with Mr. Pink she was going to cum anyway. So I asked her, "Where do you want it baby?"

"Fuck my ass," she said. "I cum so hard when my ass is full, you know that."

So I did. I had no lube so had to spit on my cock, a lot, but I knew her ass was used to it so sliding it in was no issue.

"Oh yeah!" she said loudly. "That's it, that's it."

I knew once Mr. Pink made her cum she would be pushing me out of her ass so I fucked her hard and fucked her fast. My cock was aching, my balls banging against her. When she started to cum I could feel her ass tighten as she began to shake, that little spasm like thing her body did when she came. I knew she would be pulling Mr. Pink off and...

"Oh shit! Oh fuck!" I shouted as cum shot from my cock. One, two, three big spurts into her ass, I stopped fucking her, balls deep as I came a couple of more times. Breathing heavily, she pushed me away. We lay in silence, both out of breath, trying hard to recover from our ecstasy.

"I cannot get enough of you Cyndee," I said.

She smiled and replied, "No matter what else, we are good together in bed."

We got dressed and she was ready to leave. I pulled the curtain between the front and back open and undid the curtains on the window. I opened the door to let her out. She turned to me and said, "Here's a little something to remind you of me." She squeezed her panties into my hand. I took it to my nose and breathed in. Oh fuck my cock was tingling.

She kissed me and we said out goodbyes. I watched her get into her car and waved as she left. I placed the panties on the floor between the seats, hoping I would remember to grab them before I got out of the van. I didn't, as Marcus would show me.  

************

"I want a big black dick," Cyndee said matter of factly as we lay in bed one morning.

"What are you talking about?" I asked. Oh shit, that's right, she met Marcus in Vegas and I told her he was a business partner, but knowing Cyndee, she probably thought I sucked his cock. Okay, so I do, but that's another story. 

"I was looking online for dildos and I saw a really cool one that was thick and long with balls on it. It was black too," she said. "It'd be cool to shove up my pussy while I played with Mr. Pink."

"Oh, that's what you meant," I replied.

"Yeah, why, what did you think I meant?" she asked.

"And while this big cock is in you and you're buzzing away with Mr. Pink, what about me?" I said trying to get away from what I had been thinking.

"Oh baby," she said with a smile, "I'd suck your cock! In fact, I think I'll do that now." She slid under the sheets, I grabbed her.

"Whoa! Whoa! Whoa!" I said. "It's 815. Don't you have to be at work by 9?"

She popped back up, "Damn, you're right," she said and got out of bed. "Kathy keeps asking me about when we can get together. She really would like that."

"Let me think about it," I said. "Set something up and I'll see if we can make it happen."

Cyndee got a devious look on her face and asked, "So maybe you might know a guy that'd like to join us? Well not Jason; or maybe a couple? I had a good time with Alexa and Edwin; I bet she'd like something like that. Oh, or a couple of guys? I'd like that."

"Is she going to freak if she sees me sucking a cock?" I asked.

"No, we've talked about that; not you specifically, but guys sucking guys," Cyndee said. "She's good with it."

"Until she sees it in real life," I said.

"Nah, I thing if she gets spit roasted a few times, she won't care about anything," Cyndee said. "Have to go lover." She leaned over after pulling up her jeans and gave me a kiss.

"You know; I thought not being your girlfriend would be bad, but, well, you know," she said.

"I know babe," I replied. "It is what it is. Have a good day at work."

After she went to work I wanted to go down to Cup in Time for some coffee, but really needed to get some work done so I did a French Press.

************

"Tom sucks cock too?" Kathy asked. 

Cyndee and Kathy were having lunch the day before and they got to talking. Cyndee said that she had asked Tom about a threesome with her and Kathy and he was good with it. Then Cyndee mentioned another couple as a possibility. Finally, since Kathy seemed pretty good with it, she asked about a "few more guys". That's when Kathy said "What would the guys do when we're both getting fucked?" and Cyndee said "Oh, they would be friends of Tom so they'd suck each other's cocks." That's when Kathy asked.

"Tom sucks cock too?" 

Cyndee kind of stumbled a lame ass reply, but Kathy didn't buy into it. She said to Cyndee, "Tom would suck a guy's cock?"

"Uh, yeah, I think so," Cyndee replied.

Kathy leaned back and looked at Cyndee, shook her head from side to side and said, "That is so fucking hot."

************

I texted Carl and asked how he was doing. Knew he had just ended a relationship so wanted to check in on him. I texted him.

Me -- "How's it going?"

Carl -- "Good. You?"

Me -- "Good. What's new?"

Him -- "Frank said you had good time in Vegas ."

Me -- "Yep."

Him -- "Wish I would have been there."

Hmm, wonder how much he knew about Vegas? 

Me -- "You'd have liked it."

Him -- "How were the trannies?"

Oh that time, not the last time.

Me -- "Great. Last time I was there was even better."

Him -- "Second time? What?"

Me -- "Yep. Had a four way with guy and two girls."

Him -- "Really? What'd you do?"

Me -- "Everything with everyone."

Him -- "I'd like that."

Me -- "Even if it's in town? I might be able to make it happen."

Him -- "Suck cock and get pussy?"

Me -- "And get your ass fucked too."

Him -- "I'm in. Let me know."

Me -- "Cool. Will do, not sure when yet."

Him -- "Later."

I texted Cyndee.

Me -- "How crazy you want to get with Kathy?"

Cyndee -- "Everything's on the table."

Me -- "Guy cock sucking, etc.?'

Her -- "Oh yeah."

Me -- "Spit roasting?"

Her -- "She definitely wants that. LOL."

Me -- "Set up the time. I can get one or two other guys."

Her -- "Don't tease me!"

Me -- "I'm not."

Her -- "I want to fuck you tonight."

Me -- "I'd love to. Just me?"

"Ding!" 

Shit, someone was texting me.

"Ding!" 

Two?

"Ding!" 

This one was from Cyndee.

Cyndee -- "Yes! Just you.  

Me -- "I'll get back to you about tonight. Let me know about the Kathy thing."

Her -- "Will do. Back to work!"

Lori had texted me.

Lori -- "Free for lunch?"

Sweet. I texted Lori back.

Me -- "For you; yes."

Her -- "How about if I bring over something to your place around 11:10?"

Me -- "Sounds great. Really looking forward to it."

Her -- "Me too. See you then. Mwah!"

Me -- "Mwah!"

I checked out the second text. Carl.

Carl -- "Hey, man. Any chance we could get together, tonight?" 

Me -- "That would be cool. How about 7?"

Him -- "Works for me. Want some In n Out?"

Me -- "Burgers or ass fucking?"

Him -- "Both. LOL."

Me --"Yes on both!"

Him -- "See you at 7."

I got back on the phone and texted Cyndee.

Me -- "Hey, tonight isn't good. Prior commitments."

After about fifteen minutes Cyndee got back.

Cyndee -- "Commitments? When did that start, slut? Just kidding!"

Me -- "Something unexpected came up."

Her -- "I bet. Think of me when you suck it."

Geez, she's starting to get whacky; okay, whackier.

Me -- "Will do. Enjoy the strap-on! " I can give as good as I receive!

Her -- "LOL. I will. All this is making me horny."

Me -- "Kathy owes me one!"

Her -- "Take care. You're fun again. Bye."

Fun again? When the fuck did I stop being fun? Whatever.

Fuck that! I texted Carl.

Me -- "Want to fuck two girls while you're here?"

Carl -- "Yes. In n Out for 4?"

Me -- "Hold on."

I texted Cyndee.

Me -- "Hey, I have a guy that wants to get together with you and Kathy if she's up for it. You know, fun!"

Cyndee -- "Only one other guy? I'll get back to you."

Me -- "Don't wait too long ."

Her -- "Fuck off ."

Ten minutes later.

Cyndee -- "Kathy's in. When and where?"

Me -- "My place; 7? We'll have In n Out -- burgers too!"

Her -- "See you then."

I texted Carl back. 

Me -- "Yep In n Out for 4 and get ready for some fun."

Carl -- "Cock and pussy?"

Me -- "Cock and pussy!"

7 o'clock rolled around and Cyndee and Kathy got on the elevator. Cyndee pushed floor 7 and Kathy said that she was "Really, really, looking forward to this".

"Can you hold the elevator for me?" said a voice. Cyndee pushed the "open" button, the doors opening back up. Carl got in.

"Thanks," he said.

"What floor?" Cyndee asked.

"7 please," he said.

Cyndee looked at the bags of In n Out, then looked at Kathy. Her eyes widened and she mouthing "OMG" and both of them smiled at each other.

"That In n Out smells good," Cyndee said. "We're having In n Out for dinner ourselves."

"Really?" Carl said. "Yeah, I thought I'd grab some for a couple of friends of mine."

"Big plans?" Cyndee asked, looking at Kathy and winking.

"I hope so," Carl replied.

"So do we." Cyndee said with a big smile. "Are you going to Tom's by any chance?"

Carl looked at Cyndee then at Kathy and was quiet. Finally he smiled and replied "Uh, as a matter of fact I am."

The elevator came to a stop and the doors opened.

It was a bit after 7 and I heard some talking outside my door. I opened it up and Cyndee came in first, smiling wide, Kathy next saying "Oh, so good to see you again Tom," and Carl last pointing at the two girls from behind and mouthing "Holy shit!". Well at least no introductions would be needed.

"I smell something good," I said.

"Thanks," Cyndee replied with a laugh.

"I meant, oh shit, never mind," I said and laughed. "So you guys know Carl; Cyndee, Kathy," I said as I pointed to them.

They nodded and said "Yeah, met coming up in the elevators."

"What would you guys like to drink?" I asked. "Beer, wine, pop, water?"

Carl and Kathy said what they wanted and I asked Cyndee to help me in the kitchen. When we got there I asked, "How do you want to do this?"

"Let's eat, sit and shoot the breeze a bit then follow my lead," she said.

"Okay, so you don't know how to do this?" I replied.

She smiled, shook her head from side to side quickly and said, "No."

Dinner was good, always is with In n Out, and we settled in at the dinner table and shot the shit. Things seemed to be going well and after a while Cyndee got up and walked over to Kathy. She bent her head back and started to kiss her, Cyndee's hand going to Kathy's breast.

"Oh shit!" Carl mouthed to me with raised eyes and a grin. Cyndee's hand went lower, down Kathy's stomach and out of sight. Kathy leaned back and made yummy sounds, so we kind of knew where Cyndee had reached. We watched as this went on for about two minutes, Cyndee whispered into Kathy's ear, she nodded and got up from the table. Hand in hand the two girls headed towards the bedroom. Cyndee looked back and asked "You boys coming?"

We followed them into the bedroom, Cyndee asking me to "help Kathy get confortable". She stood in front of Kathy and kissed her, while unbuttoning and removing her top. I slipped behind and moved my hands to cup Kathy's firm breasts and stroke the nipples, those already hard nipples. Kathy's top hit the floor and Cyndee motioned for Carl to come over to Kathy. "Kiss her neck and nipples," she said. "Kathy likes that."

Carl, already naked came over to Kathy; she looked at him and smiled as Cyndee slid her pants down, kissing her stomach and lower as she did. I took my clothes off and helped Cyndee drop Kathy's pants and panties to her ankles. Carl was kissing Kathy's neck, rubbing her nipples. She had reached out with her hand and grabbed Carl's really hard cock.

As Kathy stepped out of her pants and panties Carl stepped in front of her and she pulled him close and they kissed. Her hand still on his cock, he slipped a hand to her crotch, rubbing her moist pussy lips.

By now Cyndee was naked and slid behind Carl rubbing her crotch on his ass while I slipped in behind Kathy and placed my hard cock between her ass cheeks. She pushed back.

Cyndee broke off and went to the drawer and got the lube and dildo. Man, if that dildo could talk. She lubed the dildo, moved me out of the way and got behind Kathy, rubbing it between her ass really lightly and whispered, "Bend over sweetie; spit roast." 

"Ohhh," Kathy said as she bent over, Carl backing up. As she took Carl's cock to her mouth Cyndee slid the dildo into Kathy and said to me "Lube up lover."

I looked over at Carl as Kathy was going down on him and he was smiling like crazy, holding her by the shoulders and sliding his cock in and out of her hot, hungry mouth.

After about five slides of the dildo Cyndee said, "Do her Tom!" She pulled out the dildo and I stepped forward. Kathy's ass was tight so I went slowly; I stopped about half way in to give her a chance to relax. I grabbed her hips and slowly pushed all the way in, once inside I flexed my asshole so my dick would thicken up a bit. I wanted her loose when I started to fuck her for real.

"Oh geez," she said softly as I slid in and out. Carl was doing the same to her mouth, slowly, trying to match my strokes in her ass. Then Cyndee dropped to the floor, spread Kathy's legs even wider and licked her clit with Carl fucking her mouth and I fucking her ass. As we picked up speed at both ends of her, Cyndee pulled away, knowing she couldn't lick Kathy once we got going.

Damn, Kathy's ass was tight; tight and enthusiastic as she bounced backwards towards me as she took each stroke. 

"Fuck," Carl said. "I'm going to cum!" Kathy pulled him closer and sucked harder; Carl shot is first spurt into her mouth, hot and huge, followed by two or three more. I wasn't sucking him so I don't know for sure but Kathy was liking it. "Umm, umm, umm," she moaned as she swallowed it. Carl dry fired a few times then fell away, back towards the bed.
