 "Jess, show him what we like, need, like Sue is, but Tom can't see why," Ann insisted.

Fuck! How did I get talked into this. Yeah, I wanted to rub my pussy - had been since I had spread my thighs and let him look at it - but I couldn't do that! Sue was, however, her fingertips hidden in her hair. She moaned and looked at me and murmured: 

"Forget he's your brother, just do it. You know it feels good." 

They both wanted me to rub my pussy so that my brother could watch and learn where and how girls rubbed! They were right about where and how and that we did, but to show my brother?! He was fondling his balls again, his cock pointing straight at me. Ann murmured: 

"I will too; I want to too, looking at that cock." 

She also began to rub in her hair, then said: "I'll try to explain what we do." 

Tommy's eyes were darting back and forth again, watching their fingers. His cock twitched. Fuck! I had to, too! To hell with worrying about his being my brother; we wanted him to learn about girls. I gave him a wry smile, but he wasn't looking at me, and also began to rub with one finger. He then noticed the movement of my hand and stared at my finger rubbing over my clit, shifting it back and forth. He moaned, just glancing for an instant up at my face, then including me as his eyes darted around at three pussies that were being aroused. His cock was twitching. Sue's eyes were glued to it, and she moaned. Apparently, Ann wasn't yet so aroused. She murmured to him: 

"See, we're rubbing our clits, our clitoris. They're a little like the head of your cock, very sensitive." 

He nodded, now only looking at mine, the only one he could really see. I didn't have to look down to know that he could see what my finger was doing, nor to know that my pussy lips were letting him see a little between them. Did I moan? Probably. Sue certainly was. And Ann was. I must have been moaning. Oh, I know I was, when I saw his hand slide up and hold his cock. 

What else could he - should he - have been doing, watching three girls masturbating, three naked girls, all of us also fondling a nipple?! 

He wasn't just holding his cock, sliding skin up and down on it. It wasn't like that the couple of times I held one. I couldn't do that, make a thin roll of skin slide up on the knob. I heard Sue moan, and gave her quick glance. She was watching that too. Of course, I realized, the other guys had been circumcised, then thinking that nature had wanted cocks to be like the one I was staring at so that I could have done that. 

I was using more fingers, moaning. Sue's were moving as fast as they could, back and forth, like mine were. She moaned louder and extended her legs, her feet under Ann's knees, but not after Ann also stretched out her legs. Her fingers were moving up and down. Then she had both hands down between her thighs, fingers in her pussy. I also needed to extend my legs, crossing theirs. Then his longer legs joined ours, his feet next to my hips. We all chuckled slightly, rocking our knees once at this unexpected contact. 

We girls were all watching his hand, moaning at what our fingers were doing. He was also moaning. I glanced up at his face. He was scowling, as though something were bothering him. 

A few moments later, suddenly he grunted, and his cum shot out. The first big glob shot straight across and landed on my hand and the other ones landed on our legs. 

Sue groaned, and her legs twitched and quivered, and her body jerked. I had never seen another girl have an orgasm, but I knew the signs. I wanted mine too, but I wasn't that far along. Ann was closer to hers. She dropped back on the bed and let us see how her fingers were moving in her pussy, the more red than pink inner side of her pussy lips visible between her hairs. 

I didn't want to be last, doing all I could with my fingers. I knew the sheet was going to be wet, but slurping sounds Ann's fingers were making suggested that her orgasm was going to be even wetter. Her hips were twitching up and down. I opened my eyes, seeing Tommy staring at me. His hand was now just gently riding up and down on his cock. I closed my eyes again. Sort of like a toddler, if I couldn't see him, he wasn't there, my brother, watching me about to give myself an orgasm. 

I did, and then Ann did. Her hips had been bouncing on the mattress. Hers must have been very wet; when I opened my eyes again, she had her fingers in her mouth. I looked at Tommy. He was still holding his cock, looking at Ann, then at me and Sue with a wondering expression. Sue shrugged and remarked: "Girls taste good."

Ann sat up. She snorted with a very wry expression, looking at Sue and me before she looked at Tommy. She snorted again with a wry smile, after a moment remarking: 

"Yeah, we do. Didn't know it was going to be like that. Kind of forgot you all." 

We all chuckled, nodding. Tommy then looked a little abashed and murmured: 

"I didn't want that to happen. Sorry."

"Would have been funny, if you hadn't," Sue replied with a grin and rubbed a drop of his cum on her leg. Ann and I nodded with smiles and did the same. He then smirked and replied: 

"Couldn't help myself." 

"Hm-hmm! Sure looked like you were!" Ann countered. 

We all had to laugh. He and I looked at each other, grinning with raised eyebrows. When we stopped laughing, Ann remarked, looking at him: 

"Well, even if we didn't expect it to by like that, now you know what girls do, what we like to do." 

"When a guy can't help us, do it for us," Sue enjoined with a grin. Then she snickered and added: 

"And I wanted to do for you, but you already were." 

"Next time," I muttered with a grin, only then realizing what I was suggesting: a "next time" this afternoon, or some other time, another day? He gave me a very quizzical look. Ann and Sue chuckled, then Sue remarked: 

"I will. He won't cum so soon now. Hm-hmm! Maybe not just with my hand." 

"Sue!" I admonished her. 

"Why not, if she wants to," Ann replied. 

Tommy was totally flustered. His cock had wilted. It looked as though his hand was trying to hide it, as he glanced around at us. He took a breath and exhaled: "fu...", then blushed. 

Sue almost grinned with wide eyes. Ann murmured: "He didn't say that." 

He wasn't any less flustered, realizing that they both had made sense of what he had almost said. Sweet big sister, naked big sister, looking at her naked, not so little brother, who had shot his cum all over the place, I remarked: 

"I don't think he meant that, just a surprised expletive." 

He nodded with smile, and Ann and Sue did, although they couldn't suppress chuckles. Then Sue glanced down at his half concealed cock and remarked: "Maybe something else." 

Tommy just shrugged with a smile. It didn't look like he understood what I did from Sue's remark, remembering our loose talk the previous week, that we girls had all sucked cocks. Had Sue said that she liked to do it as much as I did? If she did - I remembered the generous spurts of his orgasm - she was going to get a mouthful, even if he couldn't cum that much again. 

Why did I swill my tongue around in my mouth? Did I want him to cum in mine?! Ann saved me from dwelling on that question: 

"We had planned for dessert after lunch, but somehow we didn't get that far."

"A lot further," Sue enjoined with a grin. 

Tommy smiled with nod, while I was thinking that I hadn't expected that Sue would be so forward. 

"Dessert?" Ann repeated. Her tone suddenly reminded me of a teacher's trying to call a class back to order. It wasn't working; Sue grinned and replied: 

"If we can have that second bottle of wine with it."

"Sue?! You want wine with vanilla ice cream?" 

"If it has to be. I could forgo the ice cream. Hm-hm-hmm! Won't say what vanilla ice cream lets me think of." 

Tommy snickered as immediately as Ann and I did. Sue nodded with her broadest grin, seeing that we had understood her implication. Tommy remarked: 

"I think there was still some noodle salad. It was very good."

Ann nodded. Sue smirked and remarked: 

"Marathon runners like a meal of pasta." 

"The women too?" I asked, feeling that I should chime in. 

"There's more in the kitchen," Ann remarked with a grin. 

We all got off the bed and returned to the other room, then crowding in the small kitchen. I rather expected that Sue would somehow, somewhere, find an excuse to touch Tommy. She did, and he gave her a smile. His hand inadvertently also rubbed her hip. When Ann also brushed her hand over his ass, he seem a little surprised, but chuckled and then ventured to more than just rub hers, squeezing it - with a pleased response. 

My big, little brother was rising to the occasion a lot better than I expected, his nice cock had too.!"

I crowded close behind him and fondled his ass. He chuckled and muttered: "You too?" 

His hand then on my ass was almost more than I wanted. Just "almost," I felt that I had to go to the bathroom. When I excused myself, the other then also felt the urge. We chuckled and trooped to the small bathroom. We were well passed any polite manners. I plumped down the toilet, just smirking as we all heard me pissing. Tommy's knees began to move like I remembered they did

when he was a couple years out of diapers. Why hadn't I recognized then that he wasn't circumcised. I hadn't seen another cock. Ann nodded and suggested: "Washbasin." 

He just nodded in thanks and turned to it. Sue did smirk slightly at Ann, who just shrugged. When I stood up, Sue smirked and handed me a washcloth. She really was expecting we would do more, she, at least! But why should I wash my pussy, if she wanted to? When I - and Tommy - saw that they both also wiped their pussies with the damp cloth, we exchanged glances and shrugs. I suddenly wondered if he had washed his cock. 

We all chuckled again and returned to the kitchen. Ann got the bowl with the rest of the noodle salad , and Sue grabbed the bottle of wine with a triumphant grin. She poured, when we were back at our places. When she smiled and gave Tommy's glass an extra dash, I wondered if she had planned that, since his glass then was only as full as ours. 

We all smiled, smirked, drank, and ate. I didn't think Sue had to move her fork in her mouth, trying to catch Tommy's attention. It only worked the second time, He just smiled. It didn't look like he had understood the implication that I recognized. Ann had too, winking at me. 

Had they planned all this, I wondered. No, not that we all would masturbate together, but that had been good. But if it hadn't been part of their plan, what else was? My washing my pussy couldn't be, unless they wanted that to be an excuse for washing theirs - to do what? 

I took a long drink, and they did, and we smiled at each around the table. When Ann immediately took another drink, we all did, then smiling again and nodding. We ate a couple of bites, then Sue raised her glass, first looking at Tommy and the at Ann and me, and we all drank again. This time we chuckled with our smiles. When we did that again, our glasses need to be topped up. Sue did. After we had taken the last bites of our salad, Tommy grinned and raised his glass, looking at Ann and Sue and then at me, and said: 

"This is being a lot better birthday party than I expected." 

"For us too," Ann responded, returning his grin as she raised her glass. 

"Much better," Sue agreed with a grin, more like a smirk, also raising her glass. 

"For me too," I enjoined, raising my glass, but also wiping my other arm over my aroused nipples. 

"Not just yours," Ann or Sue remarked, and we all drank again, not just sips. When Tommy glanced around with a grin, I did. Sue's and Ann's nipples were just as aroused as mine again were. 

We looked at our almost empty glasses, swilling them around as we looked around the table at each other, smirking the second time around, our eyes meeting. I felt that my brother's and my smirks at each other weren't any different from those we had exchanged with Sue and Ann. Whatever they wanted to do with him was right by me, and if they wanted us to ..., whatever? I had already shown him how I got myself off. If he wanted to do that for me, ...? Or if he wanted me to for him ...? 

We all emptied our glasses, smirking and nodding again, as I continued my last thought: ... do that for him, holding his cock, feeling how it felt to slide his skin up and down on his stiff cock, and then make it cum like that again! I must have moaned or something; the others were all looking at me! I blushed, hoping they couldn't fathom my thoughts about holding my brother's cock and making him cum. 

Ann smiled and said: 

"It looks, no, it feels like it..." she glanced down at her aroused nipples with a grin and started over: "I want to; I hope you all want to go back to bed." 

What was it like for guys to suck them, I suddenly wondered, hearing throaty chuckles from Sue and Tommy. I nodded with them, and we all chuckled and smirked. When we stood up, I wondered if the other girls were also looking to see his cock. It wasn't erect but about as big as it would be if it were. Yeah, they must have also been looking; he smiled at them almost proudly, before he looked at me, still smiling but with a shrug. I nodded and also shrugged. 

"I want to hold it," Sue murmured so softly that it seemed she had unknowingly mouthed what she was thinking. 

"I do too," Ann replied, but not so softly. 

"I said it first," Sue answered, looking at his cock again. It had begun to stand out from his balls. 

"Bed," Ann said. 

We all nodded and returned to it. Sue almost jumped on it, moving over and lying on her side, and told him to lie down, patting the bed next to her. He gave me a glance. I nodded with slight smirk and said: 

"If they want to." 

"We do," Sue confirmed, glancing up at Ann to include her.

She nodded with a smile, and he lay down, his cock flopping forward, almost resting on his belly. What was I going to do? Sue's hand looked like it was about to reach out and grasp his cock, but it waited until Ann lay down next to him. Sue moaned, and then her fingers slid around it. I saw it surge and twitch up, as he moaned, raising his head to stare down his body and watch her hand sliding up and down on it. Sue hummed with a smile and looked up at his face and said: "I always wanted to hold one like yours; it's just made for doing this." 

He nodded with a wry smile. Ann was watching Sue's hand and nodded. Her thighs twitched together. Mine did too. I was still standing next to the bed. He glanced up at me and then let his head drop back on the pillow. Yes, brother, I thought, try to forget I'm here watching, especially try to forget that I'm aroused by watching you lying between two naked girls who both want to hold your cock. 

Ann's hand was waiting to do something. It dropped down on his thigh. He started slightly. It slid up his thigh, and then her fingers gathered up his loose sack and fondled his balls. He moaned. Sue nodded with a soft chuckle, smiling over at Ann. She also nodded, but murmured: "Now I want to." 

Her hand slid up. Sue's let Ann's fingers replace hers around his cock. Ann hummed and experimented with moving the skin up and down, as Sue's fingers then fondled his balls. That must feel so good, I thought, envisioning how it would feel to slide my hand so easily on the uneven surface of his stiff cock, all the way up, like Ann's hand was doing, pushing that thin roll of skin up around the head of his cock - the lovely, now shiny purple-pink head of his cock. I wouldn't want to do only that with it; I'd want to lick it, have it in my mouth, if I could hold it like that. Suck my brother's cock?! 

I couldn't just stand there watching with twitching thighs. Fuck! My hand was already between my thighs. No, I wouldn't do THAT with him, but damned near anything else! Good thing that he couldn't see me. I glanced around and saw a chair and sat on it, resigned to just arousing myself again. What was the word, voyeur, someone who got it off watching others having sex, like in my fantasies, but they hadn't included what I was watching - in the flesh. I was a voyeur and was wanting to get it off again. It would be just as arousing, if he weren't my brother, even better; I wouldn't have any compunctions about my envisioning doing with him what Sue and Ann were with him. 

I watched them, arousing myself - pussy, nipples - and watched, breathing hard and moaning. 

Sue's hand then wanted to hold his cock, and Ann's let it. This time, however, Ann's fingers didn't return to his balls but began lightly to fondle the shiny head of his cock. He moaned in aroused surprise, and I moaned. Didn't she really want to suck it, lick it there, where one of her fingers was? She must also know how that aroused him. It did; he groaned and grabbed her hand. Sue's hand stilled. Ann murmured: 

"Don't you want to?" 

"Stupid question; can't help but want to, if you do that," he replied. I liked his so unabashed response, and Ann and Sue also seemed to, both chuckling. Sue replied: 

"Then let us, let her." 

"In her hand, that way?" 

"If she wants," Sue answered, giving Ann a smirk, who nodded. Sue snickered and added: 

"Or somewhere else. Hm-hmm! I bet she really wants to do that." 

Tommy raised his head with a startled expression, his eyes darting back and forth at them. Ann replied: 

"Not before he does that to one of us."

"You want me to ...?!" he asked. 

He didn't wait for a reply, his head dropping back on the pillow, as he exclaimed softly: 

"Oh fuck." 

"Not that - yet," Ann replied with a chuckle. He shrugged on the bed, shaking his head in wonderment. 

Apparently he knew about oral sex. What, how much, had friends of his told from their experience? We hadn't known anything about it when we were his age; I hadn't understood what "69" meant, just heard the expression and wondered about the snickers.  

The head of his cock had lost its shininess, and my arousal had subsided. They both returned when Ann took his cock from Sue's hand, and she began to fondle the head of his cock. Tommy moaned with a chuckle, accepting the inevitable. 

I wanted to have my orgasm with him. Not like that, "with him"! I just wanted mine at the same time, didn't want to be still trying to have mine, when he came in Sue's palm. I had both hands down there, not the way I usually did when I wanted to enjoy it as long as possible, but now I was in hurry, needed everything my fingers could do on my clitoris and in my pussy. 

He still came before I did. He grunted, and his hips rocked up. Sue and Ann groaned with twitching thighs. I remembered what Ann was feeling, his cum pulsing through the back of his cock. I could only imagine how felt for Sue, feeling it shooting in her hand, making her chuckle throatily. That did it for me; I came with very wet fingers in my pussy. Success! 

He was still sighing and moaning. He couldn't see that I was licking my fingers. Girls taste good, and I liked the way I did, like Ann had. Then I saw Sue lick her palm, and saw that Tommy also saw what she was doing. He gasped. She just grinned at him and licked again. If he didn't know much about oral sex - hadn't known much - he knew now that at least Sue did and wanted him to know it. Were we going to do that? No! Was one of them going to? Ann had said that he had to do it to one of us first. What did he think about that? Sue had been warming him up for it, telling him that girls taste good. We did, I did - any different from how other girls tasted good? 

Tommy reached down and fondled their hands. He was being a great sport about this, doing and saying the right things. I hadn't really thought about his reactions to what Sue and Ann had planned, just hoping that he would go along with it. Had they really planned that it would be like this? No, Ann had said that she was surprised that we had all been masturbating together; they were playing it by ear. What was going to happen now, next? 
