 Tom, Cyndee, Jason MMF Part II

"Been sucking any cock lately?" Cyndee said with a smile. What's this all about I thought as I dished her up a slice of lasagna. 

"You?" I asked with a smile. 

Cyndee looked down and said "Yeah, Jason's, but I'm sorry."

I continued to serve up the food, not breaking stride and replied "No need to be sorry babe, he's a nice guy. Nice cock too." I sat down and looked her in the eyes, "It's all good."

"Are you sure?" she asked. "You're okay with me seeing..."

"Fucking," I corrected her.

"Okay, fucking Jason when you're not around?" she continued.

"Sure, I mean I suck his dick every now and then," I said taking a bite of the lasagna. 

"And you're okay with that? This whole thing?"

I nodded my head, "Yep. We're grownups babe; grownups doing grownup things. We talked about it, hell; we've even had a three way with him," I said. Man, the lasagna was good.

Cyndee shook her head and after a while smiled, "You know this is crazy, right?"

I grabbed her hand and squeezed it, "We're good with it and when one of us thinks it isn't I hope we have the sense to talk about it."

"So it's okay?"

"Honey, fuck him any time you want to. I suck his cock when you're not around," I said matter of factly. "It's all good."

Cyndee was quiet for a few minutes then said "Damn it! I can't stop thinking about you sucking his cock. Fuck me now!"

I smiled and said "Wait a minute." I pulled out my phone and started to text. 

"What are you doing?"

"Texting."

"I know that," she said. "I meant who to?"

"Who do you think? Jason, silly." I read the reply and sent another.

"You're kidding," she said.

"No I'm not. You want to fuck, I want to fuck and we both like sucking his dick," I replied. "Wait. Okay. He'll be here in about thirty minutes."

Cyndee stared at me then slowly began to smile. Shaking her head she asked "Whatever did I do to get a boyfriend like you?"

"The same thing I did to get a girlfriend like you," I said. "Now let's finish dinner and clean up." I blew her a kiss and continued to eat.

About a half an hour later Jason showed up. I had been pretty specific about why I had texted him and he seemed pretty enthusiastic about it.

I opened the door wearing my robe, Cyndee was wearing a smile.

"Oh my," Jason said. "My day just got better."

"And it's going to get even better," I said. Taking off my robe I walked over to Cyndee, took her hand and headed for the bedroom, Jason quickly followed.

We watched as he took his clothes off, me stroking my cock while Cyndee rubbed her breast and crotch. She slipped a finger inside then licked it.

Jason stood naked in front of us, his cock rock hard, not quite sure which one of us to go to. We made it easy for him.

We walked over to him then dropped to our knees, inches away from his hard cock.

"Ladies first," I said as I grabbed his cock and moved it to Cyndees mouth. She kissed it two, three times, and then slid her tongue onto the head. Slowly she opened her mouth and slid it down. Meeting my hand with her lips I let go and stood up next to Jason. As Cyndee sucked I turned his head slightly and turned it towards me. 

He opened his mouth and our lips met, our tongues touching. As we kissed deeper, first my tongue in his mouth then his following mine back to my mouth Cyndee sucked. She cupped his balls and began to massage them while her mouth moved up and down, wet and hot.

Cyndee loved sucking cock; I knew this first hand and thanks for that, so I knew Jason loved it. I moved my head down to his nipples, first one then the other, licking and nipping at them as she sucked. 

I was getting jealous. Not of my girlfriend sucking a cock, more of me wanting to suck his cock. I gently pushed Cyndee back and pulled Jason over to the bed. As he lay back I dropped to my knees and took his hard, thick cock into my mouth. 

Just the head at first then back up and off of his cock I went. Using my tongue I kissed and licked his thick shaft down the left-hand side, back, then down the right-hand side. 

As he lay on the bed, Cyndee climbed up and straddled his head. "Lick my pussy Jason," she said as she held her cunt lips inches away from his mouth. "Please lick it for me."

Jason reached up and grabbed her ass, pulling her hot moist cunt to his mouth. She moaned as he began to slowly lick. I could hear her moans, but couldn't see her as I was focusing on sucking Jason's fine dick.

And it was. Thick and hard, I love how it felt in my mouth. Okay, okay, I love how any cock feels in my mouth. I squeezed his balls, wrapped my hand on his dick and to my lips and slid up and down. 

I could hear Cyndee moaning more and Jason tensing up. Not quite yet guys I thought. I took my mouth off of Jason's cock and climbed on the bed.

"Want Jason to fuck you babe?" I asked insincerely, knowing the answer before I asked.

"Oh yes, fuck yes," she replied as Jason pushed her moist slit away from him. I moved in front of her, pulled her forward towards my cock, her ass up in the air as she knelt forward. Jason was on it in a second, sliding his fat, hot cock into her hungry pussy. I pulled her head down, she grabbed my cock and needing no encouragement wrapped her mouth on my dick.

This was fucking hot! I looked up at Jason as we spit roasted Cyndee. He held her by the ass and pounded her, balls deep. Me all smiling as she sucked my hard cock, him smiling at me, we nodded at how we were enjoying the time we were having.

Then she started to cum. 

I'm lucky in that Cyndee could cum easily; multiple times too. The first time she did it with me she was kind of surprised, or maybe not, anyway, after the first time she loved doing it and she often did when we fucked.

She was definitely on her way towards that tonight as she kept sucking while bouncing under Jason's cock, cumming all the way, moaning as she did. After a while she pulled her mouth off me and leaned forward, head on the bed next to me. 

Jason was till pounding away when I asked "Getting close to cumming?'

"Uh, yeah," he replied. "You want it?"

Jason and I had been sucking each other off for quite a while now and we thought a like at times. He pushed away from Cyndee, backed up and stood away from the bed. "This work for you?" he asked.

I moved over to him and took his hard cock into my mouth. Fuck! His cock tasted like Cyndee and that was hot! I sucked it hard and fast, knowing he wanted cum as bad as I wanted to taste it. I, out, in out, faster and faster. I moved my hand to his ass and fingered his asshole a bit, getting my finger tip inside before he blew his load.

The hot cum splashed inside my mouth, onto my tongue and the back of my throat. I kept moving my mouth, wanting it all and he gave it all to me, three big loads of hot cum.

Except, I didn't swallow it; instead I turned around and grabbed Cyndee. Turning her onto her back I placed my mouth onto hers. She opened willingly and we shared Jason's cum, rubbing our tongues together, swallowing a bit each.

As I did, I fingered her very wet cunt. She spread her legs and said "Fuck me."

I didn't need any encouragement. I stood up, grabbed an ankle in each hand and holding her legs up high brought her to the bed's edge. She reached over and grabbed a pillow, shoving it under her ass, finding that sweet spot angle.

She played with her nipples while I fucked her. Man, that girl was wet, almost as if someone had blown a load in her already. I went balls deep, as always, but slow, very slow. I knew what it took for her to build up to cum again and I liked doing it. In and out, tight and wet, the girl was a fun fuck.

After a few minutes I started to pick up speed, my balls beginning to bang against her. I felt myself tensing up, my balls aching to cum Then I did.

"Ohhhhh, fuck!" I yelled as cum flew from my cock. "Oh fuck!" One, two, three large spurts filled her up. I'd love to say she came, but she didn't. Well, not until Jason went down on her.

As I pulled away he dropped to his knees, slid two fingers into her wet pussy and began to lick my cum out of her. Holy shit! That was fucking hot! Cyndee came after a few minutes of him clit licking and finger banging her.

After she came, Jason pulled back and sat down on the chair. "Come here Tom," he said. "Kiss me."

Okay, now some guys think kissing is all, well whatever. I like, no I love it. Kissing a guy, tongues rubbing, gets my dick hard. I bet Jason knew that. 

Anyway, I walked over to him and bent forward my mouth on his. Our tongues darted back and forth as we passionately kissed. Wet and hot, Jason's mouth tasted of cum, both Cyndee's and mine as a matter of fact. 

We kissed for a few minutes than I whispered into Jason's ear. By now Cyndee was sitting on the edge of the bed, watching us go at it and she loved it. 

I walked over to the drawer and pulled out the lube. Jason got up as I lubed up my cock. I sat down on the chair and smiled at Cyndee.

"Oooo," she said. "What does Tom want?"

Okay, just so you know, I've fucked Cyndee in the ass many times, usually while she played with Mr. Pink, who she now reached for.

"Maybe later baby," I said, still smiling,

Cyndee had a questioning look on her face. Jason answered it as he backed up to my cock. I directed my dick to his asshole and in a matter of seconds I was deep into his ass.

Cyndee didn't know what to say. I wondered if this was going to be a deal breaker. I was wrong.

Jason had his hand on his hard cock and said "Come suck it for me baby."

Cyndee looked at Jason, looked at me, I smiled, and nodded, she smiled and bam! She was on her knees and Jason in her mouth. 

I reached around and stroked Jason's nipples, now hard, and played with them I bent forward and licked, kissed his neck as he moaned.

Cyndee was sucking hard and fast, then slow and soft. I reached up and pulled Jason's head back and nipped at his neck while pinching a nipple. Cyndee moved up and down, grabbing and massaging Jason's now aching balls.

I pushed up from the chair, banging his ass the best I could. I was getting close to cumming, but Jason was there. I felt his ass contract as his cum shot into Cyndees mouth.

I could hear her making yummy sounds as she swallowed, then continued to suck as Jason dry fired. Finally she stopped; Jason stood up, and fell onto the bed.

Cyndee grabbed the lube, rubbed it onto my raging hard cock and grabbed Mr. Pink. 

"Fuck my ass!" she said loudly.

I spun her around, grabbed her by the waist and pulled her down. She reached back, lined up my cock to her asshole and sat down, hard and deep with an "Oooo!"

In could hear Mr. Pink whirring on her clit as she pumped my cock with her ass. I grabbed her tits and pushed up in rhythm as she slammed down on my cock. I couldn't take much more of this and exploded into her ass.

I'd love to say it was a long big load, but come on; I had cum really hard earlier. She fucked me with that fine ass until I was dry. Except she didn't stop; and kept pumping. I thought my dick was going to fall off and then I heard her scream.

Scream and scream as the waves of her cumming tore through her. I figured just as when my ass was full, I came really, really hard, she must have done the same. After a minute or two she threw Mr. Pink to the floor, slipped off my throbbing cock and laid on the floor. 

"Cyndee," I said. "Are you okay?"

She started to laugh, didn't move a muscle than said. "Okay? No, I'm fucking fantastic. You guys make me cum so damn hard."

"That's good, because I feel great too," I replied. "Jason?"

He laughed," You kidding me?" he asked. "Man. I cum so fucking hard when I'm with you two." 

Cyndee had to work early so left that night, but Jason stayed. I sucked him off in the morning before he went to work. He told me to come by around three and he'd return the favor. I smiled and thought, yep, this was pretty good stuff.

************

The wet, hot mouth was killing me. Okay not literally, but it was working my cock over. Hand on my dick it spun around as the mouth went up and down and fast. I had been getting sucked for over five minutes straight and it was obvious cum was coming. The squeezing of my balls just added to the need and I shot my first gob of cum into her mouth. Two, three, four; it was fantastic. After a couple of more strokes I pushed myself free and lay back on the couch.

I felt a mouth on mine and opened my lips to take in my cum. Our tongues meshed together, cum swallowed by us both. When it was all gone, I pulled away.

"Damn, I love sucking your cock Tom!" Cyndee said. She licked her lips and smiled. "Still my favorite."

Oh that's right, she was sucking Jason's cock now as well. Whatever; I couldn't complain as I was doing it too. I wondered how many times teyt fucked alone and not with our threesome. I realized; I didn't care.

I pulled myself up on my elbows and said "You're spoiling me, lady."

She leaned over and gave me a kiss. "I'm spoiling you?" she laughed. "I get to fuck you and Jason when I want, and I'm spoiling you? I think we're both spoiled and I love it."

She had a point. We were getting laid more than ever, no guilt or strings attached; what more could someone ask for. I watched as she got dressed, admiring the work she did to keep herself in good shape. In fact, she was going to the gym before going to work. I knew I couldn't go to the gym after cumming this hard and she had twice. Mr. Pink was worth its weight in gold; best vibrator out there and she had had quite a few.

I walked her to the door and gave her a kiss, "Love ya babe," I said.

"Love you too," she replied. I watched her walk down the hall.

************

Tom had a few "adventures" with guys, girls and trannies, and those are in other Categories, but six week later...

Later that night Cyndee texted me - "You free now?"

"Sure. What's up?"

"I'll be over in ten minutes."

"Make it twenty." 

She got there early anyway. I opened the door, she looked stressed out. Had that fidgety thing going on with her hand and hair; twirling it when something was wrong.

"Want some wine?" I asked. 

"No, no," she said sitting down at the table. "There's something I have to tell you."

Oh fuck! She was still on the pill I hoped. "You pregnant?"

She gave me a "what the fuck look" and said," No! Give me more credit than that. It's about Jason"

Oh shit, did he give her, then me a disease? Thought it was better to wait than ask that one.

"Yeah, tell me."

"I moved in with him," she said.

Well that was unexpected for a couple of reasons. Didn't know what to say about that so I kept quiet.

"I'm sorry," she said. "We just get along so well and he has that extra bedroom at his place."

"His office," I corrected.

"Well yeah, but he's going to make it into a separate bedroom."

"Okay. So when are you moving in with him?"

"I've been there two weeks already," she replied.

Hmm. Guess she didn't realize how the "he's going to make it into a separate bedroom" kind of becomes worthless once you say you've "already moved in with him". Anyway, I just let her go on.

"I didn't plan this when we started the threesomes," she said. "It just sort of happened. We saw each other more and well, this led to that."

"It's good babe; are you happy?" I asked.

"Yes, yes I am," she said. "I know I was still your girlfriend when I moved in, but you've always been so understanding."

I nodded my head and said again "It's good. Now you're Jason's girlfriend. Still all good."

"You are so wonderful Tom," she said. "I didn't want to hurt you and thought you'd be mad, but you're not. Can I suck your dick?"

"Uh, what?"

"You know how much I love sucking your dick, can I do it?" she asked.

"Hmmm, no. You're Jason's girlfriend now."

"Yes, but what difference does that make? I mean before when I was your girlfriend I sucked his dick," she asked.

"Yeah, but I talked to him before it all started to happen and got things squared away. Now it's different."

She nodded he head and said "Okay." She pulled out her phone and punched in a number. After a bit she started to talk. "Hey babe, it's me. Yeah, I'm at Tom's. He took it quite well actually. Can you tell Tom that it's okay for me to suck his dick? I told him it was okay, but he said... okay, sure."

She handed me the phone.

"Hi Tom," Jason said. "So I guess she told you about us living together and all that. Sorry man."

"Oh no, it's all good," I replied, realizing for the first time how I had dodged a bullet.

"Great, great," he replied. "Well as far as I'm concerned, nothing's changed. I still want to suck your dick and obviously she does, so if you want to, have at it."

"Uh, okay then." I said. "So congrats and I'll be seeing you later."

Cyndee began to undo my zipper then pulled me towards the bedroom. Not knowing quite what to say, I said nothing, and went inside. 

She knew her way around my bedroom having been there many, many times. She pulled out the dildo and lube. Interesting. We took our clothes off, she had that fucking killer body, had to give that to her. 

Once naked she dropped to her knees in front of me and said "I've missed you," real softly.

"What?" I asked.

"I wasn't talking to you, I was talking to your dick," she replied then took her tongue and licked my cock, from the balls to the head; really; fucking; slow. I took a quick intake of breath as she started to run her wet tongue in circles around the head of my hard cock. Her hand went to my balls; she cupped them and caressed them softly. Her other hand she wet and grabbed my cock, just under her lips. Down she went, slowly, but straight down, not pausing to stop anywhere.

Once her nose hit my crotch, she had always been able to take my cock completely into her mouth, she came back up slowly. This went on for a good five minutes; not enough to make me cum, but plenty to make my balls ache and they did.

"Oh I've missed your cock Tom," she said as she slid off of my cock and kissed the head. She stood up and pushed me gently back on the bed. "I want it in me Tom," she said as she straddled me then flipped to reverse cowgirl. She grabbed my throbbing cock and slid it into her wet pussy; her cunt lips grabbing me as I went in. All the way in, balls deep, she leaned forward and started to slowly bounce up and down on my cock.

"Still like my pussy Tom?" she asked, knowing the answer.

"Yes," I said to her. Watching my cock sliding in and out of her tight twat was so fucking hot. Cyndee knew how to fuck and also how to show herself off while doing it. Wet, but tight, she slid her lovely cunt up and down me.

She started to go faster, in and out, up and down. Fuck, this was driving me crazy. Here I was fucking someone else's girlfriend after he told me to, after he had been fucking my girlfriend after I told him to, and it was the same hot fucking girl.

"Oh shit!" I yelled. "I'm cumming!"

Cyndee bore down on me as she felt my hot cum inside her. She kept pumping me long after I had finished cumming to the point I had to push her off.

But she wasn't done. She spun off of me, turned around and straddled my face; my hot cum against and into my mouth. I licked deeply getting all the cum out of her that I could.

"That's it Tom, baby," she said as she ground her pussy against my face. "That's it; I know you like it baby."

She was right, fucking right. As she went dry of my cum I grabbed her thighs and flipped her off of me, onto her back, I rolled over, grabbed the dildo and shoved into her wet pussy. Licking my finger I shoved it up her ass, burying my face in her crotch. The smell and taste of her pussy started to get me hard. 

"That's it baby," she said as I fucked her ass with my finger, her pussy with the dildo, and licked her clit how and where she loved it. I felt her tensing up and breathing heavy.
