 Author's note ... Sequence matters.  Consider starting at the beginning.

*

Chapter Nine -- Life at Home

Sarah and I were sitting out on the patio, still discussing last weekend's fantasies having turned to realities.

"Well, at least my ass doesn't hurt anymore," I said.

"Like mine didn't? You and Ralph got me pretty good. Reality isn't always as good as fantasy. Perhaps you learned a lesson? I love our fantasies, but don't want to wreck them or somehow lose you."

"There is no way that experiencing our fantasies can wreck them, not in my heart and mind. I just revise them a bit and move forward with new, improved ones. Do you want to hear my updated 'two men and Sarah' fantasy?"

I heard a door closing softly, probably our bedroom door. "Oh, shit," I said. I'd forgotten to lock the bedroom door and my wallet was lying on the dresser. I got up and checked it. All of the credit cards were still there, but I was certain that I had two twenties and now there was just one. Stephanie was still stealing.

Steph was in the kitchen when I approached her. "Kid, when are you going to stop stealing?"

"I didn't take that twenty. Someone else did." She responded.

"Steph. You are just too damn honest to be a decent thief. You need to pursue another line of work." I retorted quietly as I headed back to the patio. There was no point in trying to get the money back; we would have to make this painful in other ways.

"Sarah, have you noticed that Steph doesn't go crazy angry as much? But, she's still a liar and a thief."

"What has she done now?" asked Sarah.

I explained; doing everything I could to keep Sarah from screaming after Stephanie. "We already told Steph what would happen if we caught her stealing -- a month with no car and no cell phone."

As Sarah called the cell phone company to suspend service, I went out and put the steering wheel lock on the Mustang. Asking for the keys was a waste of time. Stephanie always had copies made of any keys we let her touch.  I went and asked Stephanie to come out on the patio for a minute.

"Stephanie," I said, "You stole a twenty out of my wallet. Remember the consequence we gave you for stealing? No car or cell phone for a month."

"No I didn't!!! Oh mom, please don't -- all my friends only know my cell number. How will I get to school? I just won't go."

"Just quit stealing. It's done kid, next month, same date and time, the service will be restored," her mom said quietly. 

"I'll give you a ride to school every day," I said. "Don't forget, your $10 daily lunch money and allowance depends on your attendance -- there had better be no calls from the school." Stephanie could not deal with a week; it was still an eternity to her. At 9 PM, each school night, I gave her $10 if we had not gotten an absence or tardy call for the day. We were up to about 80% attendance except for math, but that is a different problem -- one thing at a time. 

Stephanie slammed the patio door and returned inside, swearing under her breath.

"That's more like a 12 year old, progress." I said.

"Yeah, it looks like she might actually graduate if she passes the FCAT. I've given her 30 days to get a job after graduation. If she gets a job and holds it for 30 days, I'll put the Mustang in her name."

"What happens if she refuses to get a job?" I asked.

"Well, she can't live here. Mom has offered again to set Stephanie up in an apartment and pay most of her rent. Mom is so worried that Steph will piss you off. She loves you -- with me. I think it's a great idea."

Terrific, I thought to myself; let's reward this kid for being a bum. I decided to change the subject for a minute. "Stephanie sure looks better. Her complexion has cleared up; she must have lost 20 pounds. And she actually smiles a lot."

"Do you really think she looks good? She was so beautiful when she was 15. Long, blond hair, thin legs, she coulda been a contenda." Sarah liked to use phrases from her favorite movies.

"Yes Stephanie is becoming pretty. Sarah, there is no way that I can be the cause for you and your mom to reward Steph for bad behavior. I will feel horrible. On the other hand, I agree. If she cannot get and hold a job, she doesn't deserve to live here."

"What do you mean? I should throw her out?"

"If she's not working or attending school, yes. Just think about it," I said.

Sarah returned to her laptop. She was taking Internet based classes that would eventually lead to a master's degree in education. Her computer skills may be limited, but not her tenacity. I made my living as a software architect, but was continually impressed by Sarah's ability to adapt, to learn new ideas about teaching.

Sarah's teaching seemed to inspire students: those who really understood English grammar learned to enjoy classic literature and those who really needed to learn the basics of reading and writing became more proficient through her careful, patient, thorough teaching of basic grammar.

I put my foot gently in her crotch and rubbed her pussy. She glances up, smiles and gently returns my foot to the floor. "Why don't you use your laptop and plan our fantasy vacation for Spring break?" She said.

My lanky lady, who walked like John Wayne, was becoming my slut in the bedroom. I loved her so much. I'd been suggesting we spend the break on a Caribbean island, at a beach resort, and fulfill some more of our fantasies. Now Sarah was calling it our fantasy. Wow.

Let's see. What kind of accommodations did we need? Clearly something that is on or very near the beach with a king size bed. The availability of fun places to dance would be important. I started search. I quickly realized that the number of possibilities was overwhelming and the quality of information on the net was just fair. Time to buy some books.

Fantasies and teasing become a greater part of our love making. Especially during our Saturday morning romps.

There was the Saturday morning when "Peter" was fucking Sarah. 

"Now that you have your dick in me, fuck me with it Tommy," said Sarah.

"I'm not Tommy, I'm Peter. Tommy's sitting in the chair over there stroking his cock."

"Ok, 'Peter', let's do it," she said.

"Exactly what do you want me to do? I promised Tommy that you'd cum so hard the bed would shake."

"Put your finger in me and suck my tits," Sarah replied.

I pulled my dick out replaced it with my finger in her pussy and began to lightly suck her nipples, frequently switching between them. This is not how Sarah liked it. She pulled my head down harder with one hand and pulled my hand into her pussy harder with the other. Raising my head for a second, I said, "Tell me how you want it, beautiful."

"Peter, suck my nipple, much harder, squeeze it tight with your lips. I'll tell you when to switch. Oh, yes, that's it. Now push your hand up harder on my pussy. Curve your finger up and feel for the spot. Oooo, that's much better." Sarah's hips began to rise off the bed. "Now my other nipple, give it the same attention." 

After sucking on her other nipple for a minute, I slid down along Sarah's beautiful body and began to kiss her stomach, slowly moving lower. Sarah spread her thighs wide, her hands moved to my hair. While my finger moved around her g-spot, my palm just barely touched her hooded clit. Sarah was getting frustrated.

"You bastard, you know what I want," Sarah said.

"How could I know? I just met you several hours ago" 'Peter' responded.

"Lick my pussy, suck my clit, PLEASE. Now, Peter."

I began to seriously lick her sweet pussy, up and down each side, touching her hood but never quite getting to her clit. I could tell it was as engorged as ever. By now Sarah was ramming her body into my mouth while pulling my head into her pussy. I continued to hold out.

Finally, Sarah said, nearly screaming, "Peter, put your lips around my clit, suck it and lick my clit. Make me cum. NOW."

I paused a few seconds and began to respond to her requests.

"Stick a finger in my ass," Sarah moaned. 

With a finger moving in and out of each hole and my mouth glued solidly to her pussy with my tongue sliding across her clit, Sarah's entire body began to shake in orgasm.

"Ooo, Tommy, he's making me cum so strongly." Sarah was fully into the role playing by now. "Now Pete is going to fuck me, doggie style." Sarah rolled over, pulling my hand out of her crotch and got on her knees, her face on a pillow turned to the empty chair.  "Lube up, Peter, I want you to fuck me long and hard."

I grabbed the lube and put it on my dick and the small soft plastic dildo attached to the ring around my dick -- Sarah had never seen this new toy. Sarah didn't know it yet, but 'Pete' was going to fuck her in the ass at the same time as her pussy. Before I commenced fucking, I put some lube on my thumb and pushed it gently in Sarah's ass.

"Later Peter, fuck my pussy. Now!"

"What if Peter fucks both your pussy and ass at the same time?" I asked. Before she could answer my dick head slid past the entrance to her pussy and the tip of the dildo rest firmly on her bum hole. Then I pushed a bit and both slid all the way in.

"Oh my God, what is that?" said Sarah.

"Ole 'Peter' is giving you something special. I'm just waiting a few seconds for your ass to relax a bit." I reached around with a well lubed hand and found Sarah's clit between my thumb and forefinger. I began to fuck and squeeze at the same time. I was just moving lightly when Sarah began a long series of orgasms, shaking her body. 

"Oh, fuck," she squealed, pounding her fist on the mattress. 

Sarah's pussy was as tight as I could recall. She not only moved back and forth, but side to side and up and down. It was like my dick was a huge paint brush gliding over her entire uterus with cum based paint. I counted at least three big orgasms before deciding it was my turn. I let go of Sarah's clit and pulled out for a moment. In a flash the ring was off my dick and on the floor. I placed my hands on Sarah's hips, aimed 'Peter's' dick for her pussy and pushed it home. My hands pulled her hips back as I slammed my body forward. It was the deepest I had ever penetrated Sarah's pulsating pussy. 

"Oh, Peter, keep fucking me just like that."

Every muscle in my body was tensing as I began to cum. Sarah pushed back in just the right way, forcing stream after stream of cum deep into her body.

"Oh my God, it so GOOD," 'Peter' yelled. As my orgasm subsided, Sarah sank down on the bed and I lay on top of her. Legs on legs, feet intermeshed, torso on torso. Balancing on my elbows, I kissed her neck and shoulders and placed my hand on her upturned cheek. My sensitive dick did not shrink and we continued to fuck slowly, sensuously.

"Was that good enough Tommy?" I said, turning my head to look at the empty chair.

Chapter Ten -- Stephanie Becomes Homeless

Some kids can learn from their parents as examples. Others must figure it out on their own. Stephanie was one of the later.

"I've told you at least 20 times that you must get a job. You know the consequences if you don't. There are dozens of places looking for kids. Taco Bell, McDonald's, JC Penny, Publix, any place will do. The Mustang will remain locked up until you get a job. You are down to your last 5 days. We haven't even seen evidence that you have applied for a job." Sarah said -- the exasperation clear in her voice.

"Mom, working at Taco Bell or McDonald's is so degrading. When I am a mother, I won't be so cruel. Can I have $15 to go to dinner at AppleBee's with Kelley?" Stephanie retorted.

"Are you nuts? We are providing shelter, food and even a car. If you want money, work for it like everyone else." I retorted.

"You've got exactly five days to get a job or move out. If you want to test my resolve, fine. I've had the locks changed before. The handyman will screw the bedroom window shut." Sarah said.

Stephanie said something under her breath as she slammed the patio door and returned to her room.

Steph had been going out every night with her friends. There were at least two girls and a guy over at all times when Steph was home. We constantly found them, fully clothed, asleep in almost a heap.

"I wonder what she is doing for money? Stealing?" I said.

Five days later, as I arrived home from work, I noticed a flurry of activity. There was someone replacing the locks to the front door. The handyman was working on the windows to Stephanie's bedroom. Sarah was dragging a suitcase out the front door. She'd thrown Steph out. Amazing.

"Hey babe, how are you doing?" I asked.

"Just peachy Tommy. I love doing this," Sarah said, in a tearful but angry way.  "I never thought you would actually go through with it. It's got to be horrible."

"Well, Steph brought it on herself. I got a call from my mother about an hour ago. Steph and her two of her girl friends went over to Mom's. They were all chatting and laughing when Steph excused herself to go to the bathroom. She stole at least $100 out of Mom's purse. Mom figured it out just before they left. She knows how broke Steph is and she was offering to give them twenty dollars for some ice cream when they quickly excused themselves and left. I've got to call the cell phone company next."

I thought about the whole situation and said, "Hold on. You will need to talk to Steph everyday. She is still your daughter and you love her. Perhaps you should let her keep the cell phone?"

"Stephanie will drive me up the wall by calling every two minutes." 

"Oh, that will happen whether she has her own phone or not. She'll just use someone else's phone. You just won't be able to call her."

Sarah thought about it for a few seconds, walked back in; got Stephanie's cell phone charger and put it in the suitcase. Sarah put a note on the suitcase, paid the men and we went to the patio to face the inevitable when Stephanie got home.

"She's out spending my Mom's money. That should take about another hour. I'm miserable -- will you be able to handle it Tommy?"

I kissed her on the cheek. Sarah just didn't enjoy sex very much when she was under stress. "You'll find a way to make it up someday," I said with a smile. "Think about what you are going to say when she calls. How about something like, 'I love you. When you get a job, you can move back and use the Mustang.'?"

A little later we heard banging on the door. Then the doorbell rang incessantly for five minutes. Finally, the inevitable phone call. Actually, it was more like 20 phone calls. Sometimes Steph would hang up. Sometimes Sarah. Any time Stephanie would swear or scream; Sarah would hang up. But somehow, through all of that Sarah stayed reasonably calm and communicated what she expected Stephanie to do before she would be permitted to move home.

Sarah took the last call from Stephanie about 8 PM. It was a bit calmer. Sarah made it clear that no more calls would be accepted until the next day. Sarah disconnected the house phone and turned off her cell phone. My cell phone rang a bit later. I talked to a tearful Stephanie for a few seconds, wished her the best, hung up and turned off my cell for about an hour.

We never learned where she spent that first night. Probably with one of her friends who stayed over regularly. But she moved in with her other grandmother within a few days. Grandma Mary had a one bedroom apartment with a small sofa. It had to be uncomfortable for them both. Sarah called Stephanie's cell phone every evening about 7 PM. Sometimes they talked, other times Sarah just left a message.

"What did you talk about?" I asked.

"Steph just complained how difficult and painful it was to sleep on Grandma Mary's sofa. I always end my calls with 'I love you'." 

Finally, after two weeks or so, we get a call with a glimmer of hope. "Steph called today. She needs a copy of her social security card. I put it in an envelope on the porch and she picked it up sometime later." Sarah said.

About 1 AM that same night, my cell phone rang. It was Stephanie. "Do you remember your promise to pick me up if I was in trouble, no questions asked?" She said in a whisper.

"Yes, where do you need me? I will pick you up and take you anywhere you want within reason, except here." I responded. Fifteen minutes later, I arrived at a small home and Stephanie was outside with two very large young men. When they seemed to impede her leaving, I turned on the inside car light, lifted up the cell phone and began to dial 911. One of them noticed and they let Steph go. 

"Thank you Tommy," she said as we drove away.

"Where to?" I asked.

"Grandma Mary won't let me in after 11. I missed it by just 30 minutes, such a bitch. Don't worry. Kelley said I could spend the night at her place."

As she got out of the car at Kelley's, Steph said, "I applied for a job at three places today."

"Good, I hope you get a job soon. I miss you around the house."

"I miss you too, Tommy, but I miss my own bed more than anything you can imagine." Stephanie said as she closed the car door.

The next morning, a hot Friday in August, I told Sarah about my excursion much earlier. She was unhappy that I had gone out. "You need your sleep for your job. I don't want Stephanie ruining your life too."

"Stephanie needed someone. She hasn't abused my offer to drive her when she is in a troublesome jam. If something bad had happened, I would feel terrible. It's just part of me, that's all. I made the same deal with my kids. I like to think that they believe, even today, that I would drop everything on a phone call and come to them."

Just then the house phone rang. Sarah answered, "Hi Ted. It's on for tonight? No, I haven't told Tommy but I am sure he will be up for it." She listens for a moment and goes on, "Yes, Ted, in more ways than one. And if I know Tommy, he'll keep it up. Tell Mary we will be there by dinner time. Love you, bye."

"What was that?" I asked.

"We're going to live one of our fantasies tonight. Take a good shower and shave your balls carefully," Sarah said.

Chapter Eleven -- Tommy, Sarah, Ted and Mary

As I stood in the shower, working the razor carefully around my scrotum, I thought back to when I started shaving. It goes back to a few weeks after I started fucking beautiful Priscilla so wondrously. "Your prick is a perfect size for my mouth, but I can't stand getting all that hair in my mouth," Priscilla said one day. That night, after Priscilla returned home to John, I shaved my balls and all around my dick for the first time. I haven't gone more than four days without shaving ever sense. It seems like it was just a few hours ago, the first time I spent an afternoon with Priscilla with my newly shaved crotch.

"Oooo, you shaved! I love it," Priscilla said as she put her hand under my scrotum. She spent the next twenty minutes licking my scrotum, sucking my balls gently all the way in her hungry mouth. I was writhing on the bed as she continued to lick and then slowly suck my dick right into her throat. Priscilla gently placed her hand on my chest, encouraging me to relax and just enjoy her ministrations. 

Every time I felt my testicles collect and felt an orgasm start, Priscilla would put her hand around the base of my prick, push down and squeeze. My orgasm would subside even as I savored her licks on my slit.  

Priscilla wasn't selfish, but usually she made sure her first orgasm was complete before I could cum. So I wasn't surprised when she swung her leg over my chest, moved back a bit and dropped her shaven pussy on my mouth. I began to lick in a circle around her entire sopping cunt, making sure I gave her engorged clit a lick, pushing it up with the tip of my tongue. Suddenly she pulled her mouth off my cock and threw her head back as her orgasm overtook her. She pushed her clit down on my tongue rubbing it herself. I felt her entire body shake.
