 Everyone at high school wanted to be friends with Tori, and why not. Tori was the setter on the volleyball team, a flier on the competitive cheer team, treasurer of the science club, homecoming queen, graduated second in class, and was voted best all-around by the senior class.

Tori was friendly to everyone she met, and was stunning to look at. Standing 5'-1", and weighing a mere 98 pounds, Tori's body was tight, with small breasts, and a nice firm ass. Tori had shoulder length brown hair and deep brown eyes, which gave her an innocent appearance, which was true, as she remained a virgin until her 18th birthday party in November of her senior year.

The fall after graduation Tori headed to college, where she was immediately loved by all those who came in contact with her. She joined the cheer team, and was active with the programming board, and made lots of new friends.

One friend was a Bernie, a sophomore in her History 102 course. In mid-October, Bernie invited Tori to a PJ in PJs party at the PiKA house, where Bernie lived. Tori had been to several on-campus parties, but this was her first fraternity party, and she was excited to attend. Tori dressed in a pair of green and blue flannel pajamas when Bernie arrived 8:00. 

When they arrived at the PiKA house, Tori was happy to see such a large crowd at the party. She recognized several people from her classes, and from her dorm. Being the friendly person she was, Tori struck up conversations with lots of different people. Tori also made her way to the PJ, and found it really tasted good.

There were lots of different kinds of pajamas being worn. Guys were in every thing from robes to boxers. There were some girls in flannel pajamas like Tori had worn, some in long robes, some in long t-shirts, and some in sexy teddies. Tori felt very comfortable around everyone in their PJs and was surprised at the number of girls at the party. She later found out many were PiKA little sisters.

As Tori continued drinking more and more PJ, she began to dance a little more. It seemed that everyone wanted to dance with her, and her glass of PJ always seemed to get refilled. Bernie of course would cut in frequently and danced with her quite a bit throughout the night.

By 11:00 pm Tori was drunk, and by 1:00 am, she was as loaded as she had ever been. She managed to stumble over to Bernie.

"I think I need to lay down Bernie. I'm really drunk."

"I'll take you up to my room, and you can sleep there."

"That's sweet of you Bernie. First I have to go potty."

"I'll help you there too."

Bernie led Tori to the bathroom, "Do you need some help?"

"No I can go by myself, please wait for me outside."

Bernie waited outside the bathroom for Tori. Tori's peeing sounded like a torrent that seemed to hiss for at least three minutes. Finally Tori stumbled out into Bernie's arms.

Bernie led her to his bedroom and laid her in his bed. "Good thing you came in your pajamas. You can sleep here until you feel better."

"I feel great, I'm just too drunk to stand, and the room is spinning. You are so nice Bernie, will you sty with me for a while." 

"Sure. How about if I lie down beside you for a while?"

Bernie settled into the bed and Tori snuggled in beside him. Bernie began stroking Tori's hair and she let out a little moan. Bernie leaned down and gave Tori a soft kiss on the cheek.

"That's so sweet Bernie. You're a great guy."

Bernie continued to stroke Tori's hair and began to lightly nibble on her neck and ears. "You are absolutely gorgeous," he whispered in Tori's ear.

"Thanks," Tori said as she turned over and looked up at Bernie.

Bernie leaned down and gave Tori a deep kiss. In her drunken state, Tori was immediately aroused, and began kissing back. She felt Bernie's hands move under her pajama top and find her breasts. She let out a gasp as Bernie pinched her nipple.

"Bernie, I get really horny when I'm drunk. Usually I'm a good girl, but I'd be happy to fuck you if you want."

Bernie needed no further invitation, as he stripped off Tori's pajamas and let his mouth find its way to her hard nipples.

"Oh yeah Bernie, that's it suck my tits. Bite my nipples."

Bernie couldn't believe how hot and vocal the seemingly demur Tori had become, and it was making his cock throb.

Bernie slipped a hand between Tori's legs, and she quickly parted them, as one of his fingers found their way to her wet snatch. Tori moaned and thrust her hips up to meet Bernie's finger.

Bernie released his grip on Tori's nipples and his mouth found its way to Tori's dripping pussy. Bernie began to lick Tori's lips and flick her clit. Tori continued to moan as Bernie buried his tongue deep into her waiting pussy. Tori grabbed Bernie's hair and ground her pussy into his mouth. "Eat me! Eat my pussy!" Tori commanded.

Bernie obliged licking and sucking Tori's pussy and clit, drinking in her juices and wonderful aroma. "Oh yes Bernie, that's it baby. Eat me until I cum."

Bernie reached his hands up and began pinching Tori's nipples as continued to swirl his tongue around her pussy and hard clit. Tori ground her pussy hard into Bernie's mouth, to get all of his tongue. 

"Oh yes Bernie!" Tori screamed as her thighs clamped down on Bernie's head. "Oh yes, I'm cumming! Mmmm cumming!"

Tori, released her hold on Bernie's head. "I want you to fuck me. I haven't been fucked since I've been at college, and I need some dick so bad."

Tori reached down to help Bernie out of his pants. Bernie quickly stripped and was in front of Tori naked. Tori reached out and grabbed Bernie's cock.

"I'm not hung like a horse," Bernie said, "but I'll do all I can to satisfy you."

Tori was stroking Bernie's four inch penis. "I think its lovely Bernie, and I want you to give me all you have."

Tori spread her legs and Bernie moved between them and easily inserted his hard cock. Bernie began to move in and out slowly, his pubic bone grinding into Tori's clit. Tori moaned and raised her hips to meet his movements.

"Oh that's it Bernie. I'm so horny; I need to be fucked well."

"Your pussy is nice and wet, and feels so good."

Bernie continued his slow pace. Tori was practically panting as she thrust her hips hard to meet each of Bernie's thrusts. 

"I want you to fuck me hard Bernie. Please pound me hard! Hard! Hard! Hard!" 

With that Tori showed her flexibility as she spread her legs into a split position, pulling her legs back and exposing her pussy for Bernie to take.

"Now pound me Bernie. I want to be fucked hard."

Bernie obliged by slamming his cock hard into her spread pussy. Bernie was moving hard and fast, almost like a machine, pounding Tori's hot pussy. Tori's pussy was creaming, coating Bernie's dick and balls.

"Oh yes Bernie, fuck me hard. My pussy feels so good getting fucked by your hard cock. Use my pussy, and make me cum."

Bernie couldn't believe how hot Tori was. Such a sweet girl a few hours ago had turned into a sex craved animal. Bernie was fucking Tori as fast and as hard as he could. With each hard thrust his pubic bone would crash into her clit, sending Tori closer to an orgasm. Tori's tits were bouncing up and down as Bernie continued to thrust in and out, his balls slapping against her ass.

"Mmmm Bernie. I'm close baby. Make me cum. Please make my pussy cum"

Bernie didn't think he had much left, but he managed to pickup his pace even more.

"THAT'S IT FUCK ME HARD BERNIE. FUK ME. OH YES I'M GONNA CUM. OHHHH YESSSSS YESSSSSSSS I'M CUMMING."

A pained look came over Tori's face and let out a scream, her legs wrapped around Bernie, as her pussy began to spasm with a huge orgasm.

Tori collapsed, spent. 

"I've never been fucked like that. That felt so good. I want to suck your cock and eat your cum."

Tori reached between her legs and guided Bernie's cock to her mouth. She began to lick his cock, still dripping with her juices

"You taste sweet, like me," Tori said with a devilish smile.

Tori pushed Bernie onto his back and moved in between his legs.

"Now, I'm going to make you cum."

Tori leaned down and began swirling her tongue around the shaft of Bernie's throbbing cock, while fondling his balls. Tori had not given many blowjobs, but had always been told she gave great head.

Tori licked her way down Bernie's shaft to his balls taking one, then the other in her mouth and sucking his balls. Tori enjoyed the salty taste of Bernie's balls mixed with the taste of her freshly fucked pussy that coated his cock.

Tori licked her way back up Bernie's turgid shaft; a little laugh escaped her mouth as her tongue licked under his head causing his cock to twitch. Precum was oozing from Bernie's cock-head, and Tori quickly licked it off.

Tori moved away from Bernie's cock for a moment, and looked him in the eyes. "I'm going to suck you off now Bernie. I want you to shoot your big load in my mouth. I want to drink all of your tasty cum."

"Sweet girl, you suck my cock and I'll give you a nice big load of cum to drink."

Tori wrapped her lips around Bernie's head, and began to swirl her tongue around as his cock began to twitch. Slowly Tori eased her lips down the length of Bernie's shaft, until his cock was fully buried in her mouth.

Bernie let out a low groan as Tori began to slowly move her lips up and down his cock. Tori found Bernie's cock to be a great size for sucking; she could easily take all of him in her mouth, and had plenty of room to let her tongue bathe his cock as she sucked him off.

"Oh that's it Tori, suck my hard cock."

Tori was enjoying the sensation of fully taking Bernie's cock in her mouth. She began to fondle his balls while she slid slowly up and down his cock. She glanced up at Bernie, and she knew she was in control and had him basking in ecstasy.

Tori gave Bernie's ball a little squeeze, which caused him to moan. Tori began to pick up her pace.

"That's it baby, suck me faster. Make me cum."

Faster and faster Tori sucked, her lips pistoning up and down Bernie's throbbing cock like a machine, while her tongue swirled around his shaft and head. She wanted to milk Bernie dry. 

Bernie's cock began to stiffen, the veins popping out. Tori loved this feeling, she knew Bernie was about to shoot his load. Tori continued to suck even more furiously, ready to accept Bernie's cum. Tori gave Bernie's balls a nice squeeze. Bernie's body stiffened and he gave a grunt as his dick twitched and the first load of cum erupted from his balls and shot from his cock-head into Tori's waiting mouth. Tori's lips clamped tight around Bernie's hard cock, making sure she didn't miss a drop of his tasty seed.

"Oh Tori, eat my cum," Bernie moaned.

Tori happily accepted his jism and continued to work over Bernie's dick as it continued to twitch and pump her mouth full of cum. Bernie moaned and collapsed limp on the bed as his dick spurted the final bit of cum in Tori's mouth. Tori released Bernie's cock from her mouth, and collapsed on the bed beside him.

"That was great Bernie. I'm really not easy, but I was really horny tonight, and you are such a nice guy, that I just had to fuck you. I must say that you fuck much better than any high school boys."

"I never imagined you had such a wild side in you Tori, but I won't complain."

"I'm usually a good girl."

"You were a very good girl tonight, and hope you are again soon."

"We'll have to see about that."

Tori snuggled into Bernie's arms and fell asleep. She awoke the next morning, a bit hung over, but basking the in pleasure she had received the night before. Bernie, always the nice guy, treated her to breakfast in bed.

Tori became a more frequent visitor to the PiKA house; almost never missing a party, and was soon a little sister.

Now in the second semester of her junior year, Tori was still very popular, she was a captain of the cheer team, a PiKA Little Sister, on the orientation planning committee, and carried a 3.862 as a chemistry major. 

Tori remained friendly. To the PiKA brothers she was very friendly. In fact, she had sex with all the brothers who were not in serious relationships, and even with several who were in serious relationships. 

Tori found she liked to fuck, and the brothers really liked fucking her. She probably fucked four or five days a week, and if she was really horny or drunk, her guy de-jour may get fucked several times in one day. If she were having her period during a party, she didn't want to disappoint her partner, and would give him head, or if drunk enough she would give it up anyway.

Tori's most frequent sex partners were Bernie, and Robbie. Bernie was such a caring lover, and had introduced her to the joys of deep throating and anal sex. Robbie was a bit on the kinkier side and had introduced her to spanking, bondage, and exhibitionism (once he stripped her in a glass elevator at a hotel on spring break.)

This night found Tori at the PiKA on a warm March night. It wasn't much of a party on this Friday night, just a group of brothers hanging out at the house. At about 1:00 am Tori wondered in and found a group of the brothers playing cards, and pounding alcohol.

"What are you guys doing?"

"Playing poker. What does it look like," snorted Andy.

"Mind if I watch for a while?"

"Feel free," said Clay. "In fact, we can pull up a chair if you want to play a few hands."

"I don't have any money, so I'll just watch."

"You can always play for you clothes," Glen said with a laugh.

"I couldn't do that."

"Sure you could," said Randy.

"I don't know guys." 

"Come on Tori. Tori play. Tori play. Tori play," chanted several brothers.

"Ok. I'll play."

Robbie pulled up a chair for Tori. "First a few ground rules. Jewelry is not clothing. Your pair of shoes count as one item. If you lose a hand, you place the article of clothing on the table. If you win, you get the money in the pot, and the last item of clothing you lost. You also take a shot of tequila after every other hand is that ok with you?"

"Sounds fair to me. Let's play. I suck, so this shouldn't last long for me"

"Yeah, but you suck good," said Neal. Getting a laugh from the other brothers.

Tori's first hand saw her with a pair of eights. Her sandals came off and went on the table.

On the next hand Tori was dealt nothing, and with that hand she took shot of tequila and placed her mini skirt on the table, exposing her pink thong.

"We can see that hot pink between your legs," said Robbie with a smile.

"You've seen more of my pink than just this thong," Tori said with a smile.

"Tori, everybody here has seen more of you than the thong," quipped Allen.

"Not the pledges," Tori protested.

"I'm sure that will be corrected soon. Now let's stop talking and deal the cards," Robbie implored.

On Tori's next hand she had three jacks, but was beaten by four-of-a-kind. "Looks like I'm literally losing my shirt," she said with a smile as she tossed it on the table. Losing her shirt exposed her tits as she was not wearing a bra.

Tori's next hand was full house. With this she won her shirt back and a $15 pot. "I guess you guys were too distracted by my lovely tits, but they're going back in my shirt. A toast to my winning hand"

"You'll lose again soon, and they'll be back out to play," said Bernie.

Tori drew a straight on her next hand and thought she may be getting more money, but Clay had four sixes. The hand cost Tori the $15 she has won the previous hand.

A pair of fours on the next hand cost Tori her shirt again.

"OK, everybody take a shot to honor my perky tits. I'm sure they will be distracting you again, so I'll win the next hand."

Tori could feel all the guys leering at her body, and she imagined that they were all growing hard looking at her. While she had previously had sex with all the guys at the table , except the two pledges Brad and Jay, it made her feel all excited thinking that all the guys were getting excited because of her.

On the next hand Tori was dealt a pair of twos and a pair of eights, but was beaten by Jim's straight.

"Looks like I'm the one getting Tori naked tonight," Jim laughed.

Tori threw her thong on the table.

"Looks like I'm out of clothes and out of the game."

"I'll tell you what Tori," said Robbie. "We'll give you some chances to win your clothes back. You can stay in the game. If you win, you get an article of clothing back and the pot. You lose, and we get a table dance."

"That sounds fair to me, give me my shot and deal the cards."

Tori's next hand was a collection of nothing. "Alright boys, time to pay my debt. Help me on the table and put on some music." 

Jim gave Tori a hand up on the table, while Clay changed the CD player to Pour Some Sugar On Me. 

"This is my first table dance guys. I hope you enjoy." Tori smiled and began to move about on the table gyrating her hips. She could feel her nipples get hard. She bent over to let one side of the table get a good view of her ass and pussy, and then spun around to give the other side the same view. Tori continued to dance; making sure each guy got a good close view of her pussy, which was completely shaved except for a little patch of brown hair just above her clit.

When the song ended, Tori fell into a split on the table. All the guys whistled and applauded. "Glad you liked my performance. Maybe you will get another if I keep getting crappy cards."

Randy helped Tori back in her chair as the next hand was dealt. Tori looked with wide eyes at the four Aces she was dealt.

"I want to raise the pot," she said.

"What do you have in mind?" asked Bernie

"I want to double whatever is in there."

"If we double the pot, you have to up your ante too," Jay retorted.

"OK, what is fair for me to put up?"

"You win, you get double the pot and your clothes back. However, if you lose, you go to the winner for whatever he wants you to do for the night." Robbie stated.

"What the hell. I'm a gambler, and have faith in my hand. You are all on."

Tori dropped her cards. "Read them and weep boys, four Aces. I'll take all the money and my clothes."

Robbie spoke up quickly, "Not so fast Tori. You may want to get your hand off my pot, and think of what I'm going to be doing to you tonight."

"Your pot? You've got to be kidding?"

"I'm not kidding." Robbie said as he began to lay down his cards one by one until he had laid down the three, four, five, six, and seven of diamonds.

"Sorry Tori, but a Straight Flush beats four of a kind. You lost, so the pot and you are mine. I hope you are horny, because I have a feeling you are going to be fucked hard tonight."

"Damnit. I can't believe I lost with four Aces. But a bet is a bet, and I've had enough to drink, that I'm pretty horny and could use a good fuck, so let's go."

Robbie stood up and pulled the money to him. "Tori have a seat for a minute, and I'll be back. You guys can continue to play, but I want Brad and Jay to come do something for me."

With that the three disappeared into another part of the house. The brothers continued playing as Tori sat back preparing herself to get fucked, The thought made her hornier, and her hand involuntarily began to rub her pussy.

The three guys appeared again a few minutes later. Robbie came over and grabbed Tori's hand. "OK, dear lady, time for a good fucking for you."

As Robbie led Tori out of the room, she turned and waved. "Bye guys, it was fun, but this will be more fun."

Robbie looked at Tori and snarled, "You have no idea how much fun you are about to have."

Robbie led Tori to the basement, which was the game room. There she saw that the pool and foosball tables had been moved to the side and a mattress was in the middle of the room.

"Why are we down here instead of in your room, Robbie?"

Robbie pushed Tori onto the bed. "I won the bet, so you have to do whatever I want of the night. Are you ready to get fucked hard?"
