 Tonya knew this was going to be a slow day. There were eight inches of snow on the ground and it was still coming down. Her boss, a dentist, had brought her to work for the sole purpose of rescheduling patients and answering the phones. He had dropped her off early and told her he would be back later in the afternoon after he ran several errands and attended a lunch meeting. Tonya had rescheduled all of the day's appointments and it was only ten o'clock. Other than answering the phones, her day was pretty much done. 

She began looking through a magazine she found in the waiting room and found an article on sex in the workplace. As she got further into the article she found herself getting very excited. The article said that 35 percent of all women had had sex at work and that 75 percent of women said they wanted to. Tonya then realized that she was stroking her pussy through her clothes. How long had she been doing that? She noticed that her nipples were hard and were showing through her shirt. As she continued to rub her clit, she took lipstick out of her pocketbook and applied a fresh coat to her luscious red lips. Lipstick always made her feel extremely sexy, not to mention very horny. 

When she finished reading, she decided to really play with herself. She called her boss just to make sure he wasn't coming back anytime soon. He assured her that it would be a couple more hours before he got back to the office. 

Tonya set the answering machine to catch all the phone calls and then went back into one of the examining rooms. She stripped down to her bra and panties and lay back in the dental chair. She liked the chair because she could lay back and spread her legs over the arms. Her silky red bra was working overtime to keep her ample breasts from breaking free. Her nipples were trying to push through the silk and the more she played, the harder and larger they got.

Tonya was stroking her now soaked pussy through her red lace crotchless panties. She knew she wore them for a reason today. With one hand on her fuckbox and the other alternating between her swollen nipples, she could feel an orgasm beginning to swell inside her. 

She thought about the magazine article and began to fantasize about having her pussy fingered, sucked and fucked until she was exhausted from multiple orgasms. The more she fantasized, the more her pussy dripped its sweet juices. By now she had four fingers inside her pussy and they were fucking at a hard, steady pace, just the way she liked it. Every so often she would stop just long enough to taste her juices or to rub it on her now exposed nipples.

The taste of her cum would almost send her over the edge. She had never tasted another pussy but she imagined what that would be like. Tonya was very good at fantasizing and she could cum several times without ever slowing down. It wasn't uncommon for her pussy to get wet just by thinking about being fucked.

She had had several orgasms in the past when she would meet her husband for lunch and his co-worker would be there. Sitting next to her husband's friend would soak her panties within minutes. She had told her husband she wanted to fuck the guy but the opportunity had never presented itself. 

When Tonya couldn't stand it any longer, she pulled her legs up as far as possible to get a better angle for her fingers. She was finger fucking her pussy as fast as she could while she tasted the cum she had massaged onto her nipples. She began to thrust her hips against her fingers as she exploded for what seemed like several minutes. 

She continued to fuck her fingers until her hips stopped rocking back and forth. As she pulled her cum-drenched fingers from her pussy, she heard a sound near the door. She looked up to see two men standing in the doorway, clapping and smiling. 

"How long have you been standing there?" Tonya was shocked but she didn't offer to get up or cover herself.

"We've been here long enough to catch most of the show and get a hard-on", one of the UPS guys said. The man who spoke, Brad, was black and looked like a well-trained athlete. Brad had been here before and there was no way Tonya could forget a nice body like that.

The other man, Eric, must have been a trainee. Tonya had never seen him before. He didn't say too much but he was tall, handsome and had a large bulge in his pants. This was two of Tonya's fantasies: to get fucked by a black man and to get fucked by two men at the same time. She wondered what her husband would think. Should she call him? Before she could decide what to do, she felt two hands rubbing the inside of her thighs. That sent her head to spinning and she almost came right then. She lost all control of her thoughts and she just relaxed and went with the flow. 

Brad asked if it was all right if they joined in. All Tonya could manage was a slight nod and a moan as her body reacted to every touch. As Brad teased her thighs and pussy with his fingers, Eric worked his way around the chair to face Tonya as she continued to caress her tits. 

She stopped playing and began to unzip Eric's pants. She wanted to see exactly what was hiding beneath that zipper. She quickly found out. Eric was not wearing underwear and he had the thickest cock she had ever seen. She pulled his eight inches of throbbing manhood from his pants and slowly started licking the pre-cum from his head. She teased him by taking his head into her mouth and sucking hard. She flicked her tongue across his head and could feel his dick release a little cum every time she did this. 

As Eric was getting the blowjob of his life, Brad was burying his face inside Tonya's wet pussy. Her sweet cum drove him crazy. He couldn't get enough. The more he licked, the more she came. It didn't take long for Tonya to squirt her love juices all over Brad's face. He immediately moved up Tonya's body, licking and playing until he found her breasts waiting for him. He licked and sucked her nipples while he caressed them, driving her deeper into ecstasy. He moved up and their lips met, giving Tonya another taste of her cum. 

She enjoyed every bit of it as he kissed her deeply and passionately. As Brad continued to kiss Tonya he slid his rock-hard dick into her waiting pussy. Tonya gasped as his dick filled her pussy to capacity and then some. She felt her muscles stretch to take all Brad had to offer. And she thought Eric was big. 

As Brad rhythmically stroked Tonya's eager pussy, she continued sucking Eric's dick until he couldn't hold back any longer. He sprayed his cum into her mouth, on her face, neck and chest. She pulled him to her and kissed him, giving Eric a taste of what she just enjoyed. She pushed his head down to her chest where he licked his cum from her tits and fed it to her with his tongue. Tonya wasn't done with Eric yet so she began sucking his dick again to get him hard. 

All the while Brad continued to fuck Tonya's cunt with a fury. He had never seen a woman take all eleven inches of his dick before. Not only was she taking all of it, She was rocking against him trying to get more. Brad's balls slammed against Tonya's ass and he felt her juices running down her legs and ass. 

When she couldn't take anymore, she wrapped her legs around his ass and began to jerk as her body came again. When Brad felt her pussy grabbing his big dick, he exploded inside her, filling her with his hot cum. Tonya could feel his cum run down her ass.  

By this time Eric was hard again and he wanted his turn at her soaked pussy. Before she let Eric fuck her, Tonya wanted to taste Brad's cum. She made Eric eat her pussy until he had a mouthful of Brad's cum and then she made him kiss her. 

While kissing her, Eric slid his dick inside her pussy and began to fuck her slowly. He would slide his dick out to the tip and then slide all the way back in to his balls. Tonya had no trouble with Eric after Brad had bored out her hole. Eric put his arms around Tonya and lifted her out of the chair, all the time stroking her pussy with his dick. 

Eric was standing in the middle of the room holding Tonya with her legs wrapped around his back. She had never fucked like this before but she definitely enjoyed it. She could feel every ripple on his dick as he slid in and out. She kissed him passionately and lovingly as her body was totally engulfed in the moment. 

Brad sat down in the chair and stroked his dick in anticipation of round two. Eric walked back to the chair and sat Tonya down on Brad's lap. Brad guided his dick toward Tonya's willing ass and had no trouble finding it. He slid in easily because of all the cum that had pooled around her ass. As Brad entered her ass, Tonya almost lost her breath. She told Brad to go slow until he was buried inside her. 

Eric never missed a beat. He continued to make love to her with a passion she hadn't felt in some time. This was the fantasy Tonya longed for and now she was right in the middle of it. She had two hunks pounding her love holes and she was in heaven. They stayed intertwined for what seemed like hours. Tonya was being totally satisfied and she couldn't care less how long it took. When she finally came again, Brad and Eric came too, sending chills down her spine as she felt two throbbing dicks explode inside her at the same time. 

As they separated Tonya noticed that neither hunk had lost his hard-on. There was no way she was going to let them leave until both of them were totally spent. She got down on her knees and began to suck both dicks, hoping her boss wouldn't come back anytime soon. She stroked each massive cock as she took them into her mouth, first one then the other. She could taste cum on their dicks, but whose was it?

Brad got tired of taking turns so he grabbed Tonya's hair and guided her head down his shaft. He set the pace and she obliged as he slid in and out of her mouth. When he was ready to cum, Tonya stood up and told him to cum on her panties. She wanted to take it home to her husband. It was her husband's fantasy for her to come home with cum in her panties. 

Tonya realized this was the first she had even thought of him since she had started fucking these two studs. Oh well, he would just have to understand. 

Tonya put her panties back on and Brad slid his big dick inside. She stroked his dick until it began to throb. She felt his hot, wet cum fill her panties until she almost came. She quickly sat in the chair and told Eric to fuck her. As soon as he entered her she exploded all over his dick making him cum too. Eric filled her pussy with his cum and shot his load on her clit and thighs as he pulled out. 

Eric and Brad put their clothes back on as Tonya sat in the chair, exhausted. After they got dressed, each man came over and passionately kissed her good-bye and told her how much they had thoroughly enjoyed this little encounter. 

After they left, Tonya reflected on what had just happened, trying to determine who was better. She loved Brad's big black dick, but she thought Eric knew how to use his manhood better. Eric knew how to find her spot.

After several minutes, Tonya got up and reluctantly got dressed, careful not to lose any of the cum inside her panties. She looked at the clock by her desk and realized they had been at it for two hours. Her boss returned a few minutes later and asked if she had been bored all day. "This has been a wonderful day and I can't wait to get home and tell my husband about it."

When Tonya walked into the house she called out to her husband, "Honey, come here, I have a surprise for you".