 Gina didn't speak, at first, she just smiled and half heartedly laughed at the predicament that Tonya had gotten herself into. She locked the door behind her, staring at the stupid slut still bent over the chair.

Andrew slowly slid his spent cock from Tonya's messy wet cunt, and walked over to Gina, "I told you I could get her in my storage room," he said, giving Gina a long, steamy kiss.

Tonya slowly stood up, feeling her head pound and a few drops of Andrew's cum sliding down her thighs.

Gina again looked over at Tonya, "Did you honestly think I gave a rat's ass about you, Tonya?" she said, "I don't like any of my daughter's friends, hell I barely like my own daughter."

Tonya stood there, completely shocked at Gina's words, "Oh my God, you are such a lying bitch," she said, walking towards the door.

"Yes, I am," agreed Gina, "But you are the stupid bitch."

"I fucking hate you, Gina," said Tonya, grabbing the doorknob.

"Where the fuck you think you're going, princess?" asked Andrew, grabbing Tonya and pushing her back into the chair, "Just sit there, this night's just getting started."

"Boy, you must have given her a lot of drugs in her drink, Andrew baby, she looks like shit," said Gina, lighting a cigarette.

Tonya looked at Andrew, completely disgusted, "You spiked my drink? You asshole!!"

"She doesn't miss much, does she?" he asked, laughing and stroking his sticky cock.

"God your cock looks good, baby," Gina said, exhaling a large puff of smoke, "I've always loved your big dick."

Andrew smiled and walked over to Gina, gently caressing her left tit.

"Spread your legs, slut," said Andrew, looking over at Tonya.

She refused, even going as far as to cross her legs and fold her arms, "I'm not doing a fucking thing you say, you're both psycho and you both are gonna spend the rest of your lives in jail."

Gina and Andrew just laughed, "Get the video camera, baby," she whispered, smoking the last few drags of her cigarette.

Andrew left the storage room for a moment, leaving the two women alone, both staring the other one down, "How could you do this to me, Gina?" Tonya asked, "I trusted you, I thought we were friends."

"Oh please, you need to grow up, Tonya," she said, putting her cigarette out in a small metal ashtray, "You can't trust anyone in this life. You're such a naive little slut."

Andrew came back in with a camera mounted on a tripod. He placed it in the corner of the room and turned on a small lamp that was sitting on a dusty shelf.

"Take off your dress," he said, looking at Tonya.

"Fuck you, asshole," she snapped back.

"I already fucked you, bitch," he said, laughing.

"You heard him, take off the dress," said Gina, glaring at the scared teenager.

Tonya took a deep breath and slowly stood up, eyeing them both as her trembling fingers unzipped the torn dress and let it fall to her feet. She stood there, completely naked and embarrassed, unsure of what these two psychos had in mind.

"You were right, baby," said Gina, "She does have a hot body."

"Her pussy's even hotter," he said, looking through the camera lens and adjusting the focus.

Gina stood up and removed all her clothes, as well, studying Tonya's naked body from head to toe.

"I'm a lucky man," said Andrew, "I have two very sexy naked women at my disposal."

Gina stepped closer to Tonya, their nipples just inches from kissing each other. She reached out and grabbed Tonya's hair, pulling her mouth to hers, kissing her hard. Andrew moaned and stroked his cock as he pointed the camera at the two women kissing.

She slid her fingers down, teasing Tonya's fucked pussy, pinching her clit a bit. 

Gina broke the kiss, "Get on your knees, whore."

She stepped back and leaned against the wall, spreading her legs open, revealing her aged clit to Tonya.

"Well, don't just sit there looking at it, suck my clit, bitch," Gina demanded, grabbing Tonya's hair and pushing her mouth to her pussy.

"Oh fuck yeah," Andrew moaned, focusing the camera closer to get the sexy pussy shot.

Gina moaned as Tonya's young tongue explored her pussy and clit. Her breath was warm as it danced over the pussy lips and smooth hair that Gina had always kept very well groomed.

Andrew watched the two women through his camera, slowly picking up the pace as he jacked himself off, "Can you believe it baby?" he asked, "That bitch actually thought I was someone else and I was actually interested in her."

Gina cracked a smile and twisted her fingers through Tonya's thick red hair, gently pushing her mouth in further, "That's it, slut, suck that clit like you'd suck a cock, make me flood your face."

Tonya reached up and placed her hands on Gina's hips, gently digging her long nails into her flesh as she rammed her tongue deep into Gina's cunt, tongue fucking her. 

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhh God yes," she moaned, "Now finger me while you tongue fuck me, finger me deep and hard, slut."

Tonya obeyed and slid 3 fingers deep into Gina's soaked cunt, wiggling them inside her and pumping them in and out hard.

Andrew couldn't take it any longer. He walked over to the two women and got on his knees behind Tonya. He reached around and cupped her full size D tits, pinching the nipples and inching his cock closer to her dry, virgin asshole.

"I'm gonna fuck you up the ass, bitch," he moaned, "You just keep fingering my woman."

"No, please don't," Tonya begged, "I've never been fucked up the ass, please don't, You can fuck me up the pussy again, but please not the ass."

"Shut up, bitch," he hissed, pushing the tip of his cock to her ass rim.

Gina looked down, watching Tonya's tongue lap around her oh so swollen clit, "Oh fuck, you ARE a slut, you're gonna make me cum soon."

"Cum on her face, baby," Andrew said, slowly pushing his cock into Tonya's asshole.

"Oooooohhhhhhhhhhhhh God," she moaned, "Ohhhhh God, please stop, please Andrew, you're hurting me."

With that, Andrew just smiled and shoved his cock all the way inside Tonya's dry asshole, not caring if it hurt her or not.

Gina watched Andrew, she saw the pleasure on his face. His groans filling the small room and she couldn't help but cum right then and there ... "OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH FUCKKKKKK" she screamed, releasing her sweet thick cream all over Tonya's face.

This made Andrew so hot he just began fucking the shit out of Tonya's ass, pounding and ramming, wanting his entire cock shoved so deep in her ass she'd never walk right again.

"AHHHH...AHHHH...FUCK, YOUR ASSHOLE'S SO FUCKING TIGHT, BITCH," he screamed, pounding her so hard her tits were flailing into each other.

Just then, Gina reached down and pushed Tonya's mouth from her pussy. She walked off over by the camera and opened a small chest of drawers. She couldn't see what Gina was doing, but she heard the clanking of something being pulled from the drawer.

A few seconds later, she heard Gina whispering something to Andrew and he replied, "Yes baby, fuck yes, do it, do it while I fuck this whore."

What Tonya didn't know was Gina had a 9 inch strap on she was about to fuck Andrew up the ass with. She grabbed Andrew's hips and rammed the fake cock straight up his ass, matching his thrusts into Tonya. 

"OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH FUCK!!!!!!!!!!!!," he screamed, feeling the large cock invading his asshole, forcing it open, just as he was forcing Tonya's asshole open with his cock. 

"Mmmmm, you like that, baby?" she hissed, fucking his ass harder, grinding her hips side to side, working his asshole open.

"Yesssss...Yessssss...Fuck yesssss, baby," he moaned, fucking Tonya's ass with brute force now, "You're gonna make me cum, Gina," he moaned.

"Cum baby, cum straight up that whore's asshole," Gina moaned.

Two more thrusts and Andrew threw his head back, screaming and yelling as he, once again, unloaded his cock inside Tonya, this time making her asshole hot and sticky with his cum.

Gina kept on plowing into Andrew's asshole as he came, rope after hot thick sticky rope of cum shot into Tonya's asshole, almost causing her to pass out with pain.

A few minutes later, the trio was quiet. Nothing but heavy breaths and groans could be heard as Gina slid the strap on from Andrew's ass and he slid his spent cock, once again, from one of Tonya's fuck holes.

Gina stood up and walked around to Tonya's face, reaching down and grabbing her by the hair, pulling her up to her feet, "You tell anyone about this and everyone you love will have a copy of this tape."

Tonya glared into Gina's eyes, feeling so violated and so angry, she reached up and slapped her across the face, "I fucking hate you, Gina, I hope you rot in Hell for this."

"And you," she said, turning to face Andrew, "You will go to prison for this and I hope some fat guy fucks you up the ass everyday of your life."

Andrew just laughed and stood up, grabbing Tonya and pinning her arms behind her back.

Gina stepped to Tonya, slapping her back, twice as hard as she had been slapped, "You ever raise your hand to me again, slut, and I'll kill you," she whispered.

"Release her," said Gina.

Andrew released his grip and pushed Tonya face first into the chair, "Are we done here, baby?" he asked, looking at Gina.

She just smiled and lit another cigarette, "Not even close to being done yet, baby. It's time for the little pampered princess bitch to pose for some pictures for us."

Tonya flipped around and crawled up into the chair, "You're both fucking crazy if you think I'm posing for any damn pictures after what you've done to me."

"You'll do just what the fuck you're told to do," said Gina, sitting down on the arm of another chair, naked and smoking.

"Spread your legs," said Andrew, "I want some shots of that hot sexy pussy."

"GO TO HELL," screamed Tonya.

"Do it, bitch," said Gina, "It's not wise to piss me off."

Tonya looked over at Gina, seeing she was serious, she reluctantly opened her legs.

"Mmmm, yeah that's it, whore, now spread them wider, throw one leg over the arm of the chair," said Andrew, looking through the camera lens.

Tonya obeyed and tossed her right leg over the arm of the chair, completely opening her pussy up. 

"Now rub those big tits," said Gina.

Again, Tonya obeyed and cupped her big tits, rubbing them seductively, turning herself on, as well as Gina and Andrew.

"God, you make me wet," said Gina, taking a long, hard drag on her cigarette, "Finger your cunt."

Tonya slid 3 fingers down to her pussy, slowly slipping the tips inside her, pumping them in and out.

Andrew's cock had grown and was beginning to ache again as he walked over to Gina, "I want your pussy now, baby," he whispered.

"Fuck me while I smoke," whispered Gina, getting up and bending over the arm of the chair she was sitting on.

"Keep fingering yourself, slut," said Andrew, looking over at Tonya, "I wanna watch you while I fuck my baby."

Tonya watched Andrew's cock disappear inside Gina's mature pussy. She watched his face and heard his groans begin to come out as he fucked Gina's cunt a bit faster. Surprisingly, Tonya was becoming turned on by watching the two of them.

Her eyes studied Gina's naked body all hunched over that chair. Her perfect, older sexy ass high up in the air and her mature sagging tits resting over the arm of the chair as Andrew fucked her deeper and harder by the second.

Tonya couldn't tell what was turning her on more, having the camera on her or watching these two fucking. But whatever it was, her pussy was becoming very sloppy and her nipples were now small puckered pink rocks.

She pumped her fingers in and out, slamming them deeper each time. She began to groan, matching Andrew's groans and Gina's pleas for him to fuck her harder. 

Within minutes, all three of them were moaning, chanting over and over "Oh God, I'm gonna cum."

And just like clockwork, they all three came within seconds of each other. Each of them screaming words of their own as their bodies rocked with the intensity of 7 earthquakes.

Andrew quickly slid his cock from Gina's pussy and walked over to Tonya, "Suck it clean, bitch," he hissed.

Tonya did not hesitate. She reached out and grabbed the massive rod and quickly pulled it to her mouth, sucking like a hungry baby on a pacifier. 

Gina crawled over and buried her mouth on Tonya's pussy, lapping and tugging at her clit. Tonya moaned around Andrew's cock, gently bucking her hips and fucking Gina's mouth. 

Gina reached down and started fingering herself as she ate Tonya's cunt. She pulled the teen's clit with her teeth, sucking as hard as she could. Tonya screamed out as Andrew started bucking his hips, fucking the whore's mouth. 

"Fuck, I wanna cum again," he moaned, now skull fucking Tonya.

Tonya pumped the massive cock in and out of her mouth, slamming it into her tonsils and swallowing around the shaft, sucking each vein that throbbed.

Gina buried 4 fingers inside Tonya's gaping pussy hole as she continued finger banging her own cunt. 

Again, within minutes, all three were moaning and chanting, Tonya doing her best not to choke and vomit on Andrew's cock.

Another wave of climaxes hit the trio, and again, they were left breathless.

Gina stood up and walked over to the camera, "Andrew, get your dick out of her mouth, she has something to say."

Andrew obeyed and walked up behind Gina, rubbing her tits as she looked through the camera.

"Look into the camera," said Gina to Tonya, "Tell us how much you've enjoyed yourself, how much you loved Andrew's cock in your cunt, in your ass and in your mouth and tell us you wanna do this all the time. Tell us what a dirty whore you are, Tonya"

Tonya swallowed hard, still tasting Andrew's cum in the back of her throat. Reluctantly, she repeated what Gina had said, much to Gina and Andrew's delight.

"You may get dressed now," said Gina, turning off the camera.

With shaky legs, Tonya stood up, retrieving her dress from the floor.

"Andrew will walk you out to your car," said Gina, tossing Tonya a $50 bill.

"What is this for?" asked Tonya.

"All whores get paid, don't they?" said Gina, lighting another cigarette and walking out of the storage room, "I'll be waiting for you, Andrew, don't take all night to walk her out to her car."

Tonya and Andrew walked through the parking lot in silence. He reminded her, once they had reached her car, that she was to tell no one what happened tonight. She agreed and opened her car door to get in.

"There's just one more thing," said Andrew, "It was me calling your house and I did send you the candy and the roses, both at home and at school."

Tonya just glared at him and slammed her car door shut. She sped out of the parking lot, relieved that she would never have to see either Gina or Andrew ever again ... or so she thought.