 *Author's Note: Any and all persons engaging in any sexual activity are at least eighteen years of age.

**Author's Note: If male bisexuality offends you, hit the backspace key now. 

Also, this is a Flash Story.

Peter Yubrey walked into Early's Grocery Store, his work boot sole flopping and slapping the tiled floor loudly with each step.

He'd been working construction now for eight months and had already worn through one pair of boots. His supervisor with Schaub Construction, had been unsympathetic when Peter had shown him the hole in the sole of his right boot.

"What we pay you for, Yubrey, so you can get yourself some boots that'll last a while," the man had shrugged.

The Goodwill store by his house was where the handsome nineteen year old man bought his blue jeans and tee shirts; they'd be ruined within a month's time. Peter decided to see if they had any boots and had been delighted to find a pair of boots in his size of 10 1/2 EE, and for only twenty bucks.

He pushed his long blonde hair out of his eyes and flirted with the bored looking fifty year old woman and she playfully pinched his muscular bicep before telling him to get lost.

The next morning, he put on his jeans and tee shirt and new-old boots. Then, standing in the puddles of water an early afternoon rainstorm had produced, Peter saw why the previous owner had dropped them off at the Goodwill.

Thank God it was Friday. Peter decided he'd grab a couple six packs of beer, a fifth of whiskey, and forget all about this miserable day. Tomorrow, he'd go down to Stolzle's Shoes and get himself a pair of name brand work boots.

A couple stood at the liquor counter. They both turned to see the source of the odd sound and Peter smiled tightly.

They were both short, about five feet, six inches, and both were a bit chubby. Peter guess the Asian woman to be a good sixty pounds overweight, and the white man to be about fifty pounds overweight. They both looked around twenty, twenty one years of age, and both were dressed nicely.

"So, the whiskey, and you wanted gin, Jade?" the young man said.

"Yeah," Jade agreed.

The man stood while the girl behind the counter got down the bottles he'd indicated.

"My husband can probably fix that for you," Jade said to Peter. "Can't you, Brian?"

"Huh? His boot? Yeah, just get out my glue gun, give them a squirt," Brian agreed and thanked the girl behind the counter.

"How much?" Peter asked.

He figured, he'd let the guy give it a shot. Then, on Saturday, he'd go buy some new boots and keep them in the truck. If he needed the new boots, he'd have them. But if not, he'd only be out a few bucks.

"Oh, nothing, be happy to do it," Brian smiled, stepping aside so Peter could make his selection. "Just come back to our apartment and we'll get you hooked up."

Peter shrugged and smiled. The girl grabbed the bottle of Evan Williams and Peter followed the couple over to the beer and wine aisle.

The woman had her black hair cut to shoulder length, which suited her round smiling face very well. The man also had a round face, which was emphasized by his buzz cut hairstyle.

"We're in the Arrow Complex; Apartment three B," the woman said as the trio lugged their purchases to the counter.

"Oh, those are nice," Peter agreed.

"Love the security gate," Jade agreed.

He followed them and Brian held the security gate open then pointed to where Peter should park his truck.

Between parking lot and Apartment 3B, the sole of Peter's boot was almost completely dislodged.

"Come on in," Jade said cheerfully and Peter took the nearest seat, plopping down on the loveseat.

"Okay, give me that boot," Brian said. "Um, damn, Jade, you even get this guy's name?"

"No; what's it matter?" Jade cheerfully asked as she put their bottles of liquor on the counter and their beer into the refrigerator.

"Peter," Peter said. "Peter Yubrey."

"Well, I'm Brian Breaux, and that's my wife, Jade Breaux," Brian said as Peter made quick work of getting out of his boot.

"Whiskey and soda all right for you?" Jade asked, already making the drink.

"Good to meet you," Peter said, removing the other boot as well.

"So, Peter, what kind of work you do?" Jade asked, coming into the living room, two drinks in her hand. "Brian, fixed you yours, okay?"

"That's good, thanks," Brian called out from an unseen room.

Jade surprised Peter by sitting right next to him on the small loveseat. There was a recliner she could have taken, and a long couch. But she flopped down right next to him.

"I uh, I do construction," Peter admitted. "You?"

"I'm an Administrative Assistant," Jade said. "Work over at St. Elizabeth's Utilities."

"She can type a hundred and ten words a minute," Brian called out.

Up close, Peter could smell Jade's perfume, a light musk scent. He could also smell the gin on her breath.

"And Brian works there too," Jade said, lightly resting her finger's on Peter's muscular thigh. "He's in Billing."

"Uh, is that where y'all met?" Peter asked as Jade twisted to pull her feet underneath herself and faced him.

"No, no," Jade smiled. "We met at DeGarde CDU. We're a treatment romance."

"They say treatment romances never work out," Brian said, coming into the small living room. "But we been together almost a year now."

"I uh, I mean, I'm no expert, but, uh, are y'all supposed to be drinking? Alcohol?" Peter asked.

"Huh? Oh, no, no, alcohol was never any problem for me," Brian said, taking a gulp of his drink. "Damn, Honey, this is good."

"Yeah, Brian was heavy into meth and I just did a lot of pills," Jade said.

"But uh, I mean, I dated this girl and she went to them N.A. meetings," Peter said. "Don't y'all say alcohol is a drug too?"

Jade's pretty face clouded over.

"Yeah, there's a lot of people say that," she agreed.

"Why no one will sponsor us," Brian said, took another sip of his drink, then left the room.

"Yeah, asked this girl to be my sponsor and she says she'll do it if I quit drinking," Jade agreed.

"Then quit drinking," Peter said. "I mean, if it's not a problem, then it shouldn't be any problem to stop, right?"

"But I like it," Jade defended.

Peter shut up; he could see this was an argument he wasn't going to win. And it wasn't an argument he needed to be having anyway.

She took a deep gulp of her drink and again rested her fingers on his thigh.

Anyway, we're in Group and Brian and me? We can't quit looking at each other and we're sitting together at breakfast next day and he says 'I got to let you know, I'm bisexual' and I said 'that's no big deal.' And they tell us we got to quit sitting together and quit talking with each other so we both left," Jade said.

She finished her drink and put the glass on the coffee table. She then leaned close to Peter.

"And I've been dying watch him suck a cock," she whispered hotly into Peter's ear.

She ran the fingertips over Peter's cock through the denim material of his jeans.

"And you got a nice fat one," she said.

"Tied it up; you want to bind them while they dry," Brian said, returning to the living room.

Jade did not take her hand off of Peter's crotch.

"So, what y'all talking about?" Brian asked, emptying his glass.

"Sucking dick," Jade said and Peter nearly spit out his drink.

"Oh yeah?" Brian said.

Peter could see the young man's cock stiffen in his khakis; could see that the idea excited the young husband.

"Did he, uh, did he say I could...?" Brian asked, voice tight.

"Don't know. Didn't ask yet," Jade said, then leaned against Peter.

"Can my husband suck your dick?" she asked and raked her fingernails along the length of Peter's swelling cock.

"This make me a faggot, I let another guy blow me?" Peter asked himself.

He'd been propositioned before; he had a roommate when he first moved to DeGarde, Louisiana, to go to the University of Louisiana at DeGarde. His roommate in Sharp Shire dorm had taken one look at the handsome eighteen year old and had offered use of his mouth, should Peter ever want it.

Peter complained to the Student Aide and had been switched to another room. Halfway through the semester, Peter Yubrey saw that he just was not suited for college life and dropped out. His parents did let him know just how disappointed they were, so he did not return home to Sweet Oak, Texas. Instead, he crashed at a girlfriend's apartment and started working construction.

Peter decided, it would not make him gay; the other man had a wife. And the wife would be right there, in the room.

He shrugged and stood up. The lust on Brian's face was unmistakable as he watched Peter unzip his size 30 jeans and push them and his white cotton briefs down

Jade got up and sat on the long couch while Brian took her seat on the loveseat.

Peter sat back down, his seven and a half inches of fat circumcised cock sticking straight up.

Brian bent and ran his tongue along the shaft of Peter's cock.

"Oh God, that is so fucking hot," Jade moaned and hoisted the hem of her dress up.

Peter looked at her fat legs and the dark wet spot on the front of her white cotton panties. She pushed the waistband of her panties down and shoved her hand into them.

Brian sank his mouth over the flared head of Peter's cock, making slurping sounds. His left hand stroked up and down Peter's fat cock while his right hand fumbled with his own zipper.

"You like that, huh?" Jade asked her husband as she watched him give Peter a blow job. "Huh? You like that big fat cock in your mouth? You like sucking dick?"

"Mm-hmm," Brian agreed as he swallowed more of Peter's meat.

Peter had his fair share of blow jobs from girlfriends. But Brian's blow job was on a whole other level. Peter's last girlfriend would suck Peter's cock for a minute or two, then jack him off. She claimed the taste and texture of semen made her ill. Another girlfriend gave what could only be termed as reluctant blow jobs. She'd suck Peter's dick, not because she wanted to, but because she believed she had to.

"Oh fuck!" Jade cried out in orgasm as Brian now had all of Peter's cock in his mouth.

"Mmph!" Brian groaned around Peter's cock.

"Fuck, oh God, Honey," Jade said, stood up and wiggled out of her panties.

She sat back down and Peter admired the woman's pussy, with its fine mesh of dark pussy hair covering her purplish pink lips from view.

He saw the lips when she spread her legs wide and roughly rubbed her pussy as she watched her husband suck cock.

"Dude, I I'm about to..." Peter warned as Brian's hand kneaded his balls.

"Mm-hmm," Brian agreed and applied slightly more suction to Peter's cock.

"Ugh!" Peter cried out as his semen jetted out of his cock.

Brian stroked him until his cock began to soften. Then he pulled his mouth off of Peter's semi-flaccid cock with a 'pop.'

He then hurried over to his wife, fishing out his own sticky cock.

Peter watched as Jade took Brian's five inches of thick cock into her mouth and sucked him for a minute.

"Argh!" Brian grunted and Jade gurgled happily around Brian's cock.

"Love you, oh God, I love you so much," Brian moaned, collapsing against his wife.

"Love you too, Sweetheart," Jade agreed

When Brian regained his breath, the two kissed passionately for a moment. Brian reached up and fondled Jade's small breasts for a few moments, then began unbuttoning her blouse.

Peter's cock slowly revived as more and more of Jade's golden skin came into view. Her small breasts whir covered by a skimpy lace bra and she smiled as she wiggled out of that.

Her breasts were surprisingly small for such a heavy set woman. Her breasts were small, cone shaped breasts that sat on her pudgy torso; with large dark brown nipples.

Brian sucked one, then the other nipple, getting nearly all of her breast into his mouth.

"Damn it, got to pee," he complained.

"Whiskey always does that to you," Jade laughed.

She struggled out of her clothing as Brian walked out of the room.

She then knelt in front of Peter and took his throbbing cock into her small hands. He tried to get to his feet but she used her weight to keep him in his seat.

"You can fuck my mouth," she smiled up at him and gave his cock a long lick. "But my pussy and ass are off-limits."

She again gave his cock a long lick.

"We're trying to get pregnant and I want to make one hundred and one percent sure the baby is my husband's," she explained. "You can fuck my husband, but all you'll ever get from me is a blow job, all right?"

At the thought of fucking her pudgy husband, Peter's cock jerked. Peter stared at his own cock in disbelief. Why would the thought of fucking a man give him a jolt of excitement?

Jade again licked his cock, then sank her mouth down over the flared head. She gave short little licks all around the head of his cock, then slurped noisily as she pulled her mouth off of him.

Brian came back into the room, also nude, five inch cock waggling in front of him. Peter saw that the man shaved his pubic region; there was just a small tuft of pubic hair above his cock.

Brian knelt down behind his wife and caused her to moan as he slid his cock into her pussy.

She sucked and stroked Peter's cock while her husband hammered her wet pussy from behind.

"Ugh!" Peter grunted and spent heavily into Jade's mouth.

"Argh!" Brian stiffened and Jade screamed around Peter's cock as her own orgasm overtook her.

"Fuck, oh fuck, oh God that was so good!" Jade enthused as Peter's cock slipped from her mouth.

She then turned and sucked her husband's cock clean.

Peter's cock again began to swell as he could see her heavy buttocks and thighs, and her brown anus and purple-pink pussy lips, white semen oozing out.

Again, husband and wife sat on the couch and kissed passionately.

"Anyone ready for another?" Jade asked, grabbing the two empty glasses from the coffee table. "Peter?"

"Uh, yeah, yeah," He agreed, draining his glass.

He watched her heavy buttocks jiggle and shake as she walked into the kitchen.

"So uh, you're uh, how long you know you're bisexual?" Peter asked, tearing his eyes away from the sight of Jade's chubby body.

"Probably all my life," Brian admitted. "Meth, though? Meth turned me into a cock whore."

He smiled, nodding toward Peter's cock.

"Yours's is the first one I've sucked since getting clean," he admitted.

Jade put Brian's drink on the coffee table, kissed him, then took a seat next to Peter on the loveseat. She handed him his drink, took a sip of her own, and then put it on the coffee table.

She leaned over and took Peter's stiff meat into her small hand and stroked it a few times.

"He's got a nice fat one," she told her husband.

She stroked it softly and smiled at Brian.

"Think you could take it? Think you could handle this big mother fucker up your ass? Huh? Think you could take it?" she taunted.

"Uh!" both men grunted in excitement.

"How about it, Peter? Fuck my husband?" she asked, leaning against him.

She bent and took the head of Peter's cock into her mouth.

"Here; I'll get it nice and wet so you can fuck his tight ass," she said and slobbered a lot of saliva over the head and shaft of Peter's cock.

"You, uh, you fuck my ass?" Brian asked, voice tight with excitement.

"Yeah," Peter groaned as Jade wetted his cock thoroughly.

Brian walked around the coffee table and got onto the floor, on all fours.

"No, no, Sweetheart," Jade said, releasing Peter's dick. "You're going to have to reach back there and spread them cheeks wide for him."

Brian put his face and shoulders to the floor and reached back and pulled his fat ass cheeks apart.

Peter shrugged out of his tee shirt and blue jeans and underwear. He even flexed a few times for Jade's benefit.

Brian's brown hole winked at Peter and Peter felt his cock twitch and jerk in anticipation.

"Here, let me..." Jade said and licked and slurped noisily at her husband's anus.

Peter knelt down behind Brian. Jade gave Peter's cock one final lick, then sat back, hand rubbing her pussy furiously.

"Ugh!" Brian grunted as Peter pressed the head of his fat cock to the tight orifice.

"Fuck!" Jade cried out in orgasm.

Peter had fucked a girl up her ass once. It had been at a fraternity party and she'd been drunk. He was the fourteenth or fifteenth guy to crawl between her legs and she'd complained that her pussy was too sore.

"Stick it up my ass," she slurred.

Obviously someone else had been there; there was a bit of semen oozing out of her raw looking hole. Because he too had been drunk, he didn't remember much about it.

But he was sure it had not felt as hot, as tight as Brian's anus. Peter was sure that unnamed girl's anus had not squeezed his cock like Brian's anus was doing.

"Fuck! Fuck me," Brian groaned as Peter gained a fraction of an inch.

And then Peter's cock slipped in past Brian's sphincter muscle.

"Ah!" both men cried out.

"Oh fuck, oh shit," Jade cried out in another orgasm.

She scooted around and pushed her pussy into Brian's face. He lifted his head and began slurping noisily at his wife's pussy.

Peter pushed a little more, even as Brian's anus squeezed, Brian's anal muscles tried to push the invading cock out.

"Ugh!" Brian grunted in painful pleasure.

"It good?" Jade grunted, close to orgasm. "Huh? You like getting a big fat cock up your ass?"

Brian shuddered as Peter pushed all of his cock into him.

"Fuck!" he cried out as Peter began to pull out.

"I love you, fuck I love you," Jade cried out in orgasm.

Peter pushed back in, reveling in how tight, how hot the hole was, how tightly it gripped his cock.

Soon, he had a good rhythm going as he pounded another man's ass. The sounds of his hard flesh slapping against the other man's chubby flesh filled the apartment.

"This make me a fag? Fucking another guy's ass make me a fag?" Peter asked himself.

"Here, get my ass ready," Jade demanded and backed her flabby ass into her husband's face.

Peter watched as Brian licked and slurped at his wife's anus as the woman knelt on all fours in front of him.

"Because he'd already received two blow jobs, Peter was able to pound Brian's tight ass for several long moments until, with a final shove, he jetted a torrent of sperm into Brian's ass.

"Ugh!" he cried out. "Ugh!"

"Argh!" Brian agreed, then resumed rimming his wife's ass.

Finally, Peter pulled his soft cock from Brian's still quite tight hole and slumped back against the loveseat.

The Moment Peter pulled out of Brian's ass, Brian was on his knees, sliding the head of his cock into his wife's ass.

"Fuck!" Jade screamed out in pleasure.

Peter's cock slowly revived as he watched his own semen dripping out of another man's ass and coursing down the man's ass crack and inner thighs.

Both Brian and Jade cried out in orgasm, both jerking wildly.

Then the small living room was filled with the sounds of three people's heavy breathing.

Peter sat back on the loveseat and drained is drink. He wished he'd brought in the three joints he'd bought off of Dalmonte. Then he remembered, these two claimed to be in the program of Narcotics Anonymous. They might not believe that their drinking was a problem, but Peter was sure they'd frown upon smoking marijuana.

Finally, Brian got to shaky legs, then helped his wife up. Jade smiled at Peter, kissed her husband, and then left the room.

Peter's cock gave a half-hearted jerk, looking at her ample backside.

A moment later, she returned, dressed now in a flimsy top that left much of her paunch visible, and a pair of boxer shorts. The shorts were obviously designed for a woman; there was lace trim along the legs and there were lace heart inserts on each buttock.

Brian again drained his drink, then waddled out of the room.
