 I received a surprising phone call the other day from my friend Melissa. I haven't seen her since her family moved to Florida when we were still in high school. I remained in New York but we've kept in touch over the years. However, it's been a while since we last talked. Melissa tells me that she has to go on a business trip to San Jose, California. Her company provided her with two first-class tickets and accommodations. She wants me to join her so we could reminisce and do some sightseeing after her meetings. My heart began to race at the prospect of spending some time with her. I've been carrying a torch for Melissa since high school. We had one passionate encounter when we were teenagers, and that night will forever be etched into my soul. We were each other's first sexual partners. Of course, I jumped at the invitation. Hey, maybe I can even meet up with my old lover, Steve. He lives in San Jose and knows how to please me like no other man can. I program Steve's number into my cell phone. One way or another, this should be a memorable little vacation. 

The morning I'm supposed to meet Melissa, I do my hair and makeup very carefully-I want to look perfect for her. I think back on our little experience together and my pussy starts to get very wet. I try to compose myself and get dressed, I have to be at the airport in an hour! I want to be comfortable on the plane, but I still want to look nice. I decide on my long, flowing black skirt with the silver dragon designs and a tight black spaghetti strap top. Although they're not really made for "walking," I slip on my black platform stiletto sandals. I take a quick glance at myself in my floor-length mirror, I look pretty good. I'm twenty-seven, 5'9, 130 pounds. I have almost waist-length natural blonde hair, green eyes and full lips. My measurements are 38DD-28-38, all real. All that gym time has really paid off, I'm proud of how fit and tight my body looks. I especially like my toned arms, abs and legs. My ass isn't too shabby either. I have my tongue and navel pierced and I just recently pierced my clit hood. My clit ring is a surgical steel hoop with a sparkly Austrian crystal in the center which lays sexily against my clean-shaven pussy. It looks so hot, I love it! I hope Melissa approves, maybe we could finish what we started all those years ago. 

I grab my bags, lock up my apartment and run downstairs to hail a cab. One pulls up immediately. By the way the driver keeps looking in his rearview mirror, I take it he likes what he sees. I decide to be a bit of a tease. I let my straps "accidentally" slip off of my shoulders, then I lean over and pretend to adjust the ankle strap on my shoe. My top falls a bit lower, and the tips of my very pink, very erect nipples pop out. I feel his eyes on me so I say, "Oops," and adjust my top. His eyes were so fixated on me, he almost ran a red light! We finally got to the airport and I paid my fare. The driver refused my tip, mumbling something about the "tit, um, tip" I had already given him! I laughed and said, "Talk about a Freudian slip!" He was blushing profusely as he drove off. That was fun, I love making grown men blush! The plan was for me to fly to Florida, meet Melissa in the Orlando airport, then we would fly to San Jose together. 

I checked my luggage and boarded the plane to Orlando. I was seated next to a smarmy businessman who tried to talk me up. I put on my headphones and tuned him out. All I could think of was my sweet Melissa. I stared at the pillow-like clouds through the window, and got lost in thought. Does she think about that time in high school as much as I do? We were both so young and innocent. I would love to revisit her warmth, to taste her. My hand drifted towards my throbbing pussy, I began to rub myself through my skirt. Then I heard the plane's loud arrival announcement and it jarred me from my trance. I looked over at my seatmate and he was practically drooling watching me. Now it was MY turn to blush! What the hell was wrong with me? I was acting like a sex-starved schoolgirl! When the plane finally landed at the gate, I made a quick exit. 

I retrieved my luggage and proceeded to the airport lounge, our designated meeting place. As I'm waiting for Melissa, I become even more nervous. My palms are sweaty, my palms NEVER get sweaty! About fifteen minutes pass and I'm practically breathless with anticipation. Suddenly I hear, "Michelle...?" I turn towards her voice and my heart almost stops. Melissa is standing before me looking even more exquisite than ever. She is dressed very professionally in a navy business suit. The suit is perfectly tailored to her curves, and her skirt is short. She was a vision with her tall slender frame, her full breasts visible beneath her blazer, her long, lean legs and tight ass. Her hair was still long and dark brown, and her lips, God, those lips, were still as pouty and bee- stung as I remembered them. But what really got me were her eyes. I could still get lost in the deep dark recesses of them. We were like two sides of the same coin. She mesmerized me. I stood up and embraced her. As soon as we touched, I felt electricity run through my body. I hope she felt the same. "Wow, you look incredible!" she said. I returned the compliment. "We have so much catching up to do!"

"Do we ever," I answered. We made some small talk heading towards the plane. We briefly spoke of boyfriends, careers, etc. All I kept thinking was how beautiful she looked, and how much I wanted her. 

When we were seated on the plane, Melissa asked the flight attendant for a couple of blankets because the cabin was quite cool. We put the blankets over our legs and continued to reminisce as our plane took off. "Do you remember that night in high school, at my house?" she asked. My heart began to race. "Y-Yes, of course I do," I stammered. "Well, since I invited you on this trip, it's the ONLY thing I've been thinking about."

"Me too," I answered. "I would really love to pick up where we left off. We're not naive little teenagers anymore, we could really have some fun," she said. "Absolutely, you took the words right out of my mouth! I've carried a torch for you for years."

"Same here," she admitted. With that, I felt her hand snake over to my lap. Under the cover of the blankets, she raised my long skirt. She started rubbing my aching pussy through my moist thong. I bit my lip and quietly moaned. She leaned over and gently kissed my neck. I lifted her face and kissed her swollen lips. As soon as I tasted her, my senses were flooded with memories. I could have kissed her for hours. She began to slip her fingers into my thong. She felt my clit ring and feigned surprise. "Very sexy, Michelle. Any others?" I stuck out my tongue and lifted my shirt to expose my other piercings. "You're such a bad girl, very hot," she said before taking my tongue into her mouth. She again found my erect clit and began to roll it between her thumb and index finger. "God, baby, you're so fucking wet," she whispered. All I could do was moan. 

When her hand was well-lubricated, she inserted two fingers into me while still working my clit with her thumb. I started grinding against her hand. I was so hot for her, I was ready to cum. I knew the entire plane could smell the musky sweetness of my sex. "Lissa, I'm going to cuuummm...." She then slipped her finger into my tight asshole and rubbed my clit harder. "OOOOOOOOOO, babyyyy, FUCK!!!" I came so hard all over her hand. She lifted her hand to her mouth, looked deep into my eyes and licked it clean. I was in love. After a few minutes, I was able to regain my composure. "It's your turn now," I said. "Not here," she answered. She got up and headed towards the back of the plane, to the tiny bathroom. She glanced at me over her shoulder, beckoning me to follow. I waited a few minutes so as not to be too obvious. She unlatched the door when I knocked. When I squeezed into the tiny space with her, I saw that she had her panties off, her skirt scrunched up around her waist and one leg propped up on the toilet seat. She was masturbating her sopping wet pussy. She was clean-shaven, like me. I looked into her eyes and started kissing her. I pushed her hand away from her pussy so I could greedily have it all to myself. I started masturbating her as my tongue found its way into her mouth. I felt her moan deep inside me. I had to taste her. 

We shifted our bodies as best we could until I was positioned directly beneath her. I inhaled her intoxicating scent and spread her swollen glistening lips wide. "Have you ever received oral from someone with a tongue piercing before?" I asked. "No, but I've always wondered what it would feel like," she answered. "Well, wonder no more." Her little clit stood at attention, begging to be sucked. I gently lapped it with my tongue. "That feels soooo goood," she moaned. "So...different." I felt her tremble. I licked the sides of her inner lips while massaging her clit with my fingers. I made my tongue as stiff as possible and proceeded to dart it in and out of her welcoming hole. I wanted to get as deep as possible into her sugar walls. I wanted to feel her from the inside. She began making these little animal noises. I continued to play with her clit as I moved lower down to rim her puckered asshole. MMMM, so sweet and salty. I then licked my way up from her asshole to her clit. There should be a law against how good she tastes. I spread her lips wide and hungrily ate her pussy, focusing all my energy on her clit. She grabbed the back of my head and grinded her pussy into my face. She started to moan louder and I knew she was ready. I felt her pussy buck and her thighs shake, I ate her as fast and as hard as I could. She grabbed a handful of my hair and continued to fuck my mouth. She came in a huge gush, I devoured her essence. I stood up and kissed her hard on the mouth. We cleaned ourselves up as best as we could. The bathroom wreaked of girl sex. We calmly walked back to our seats. All eyes were on us, but we didn't care. Our hunger had been sated...for now. 

We landed in San Jose a few hours later, and we were both exhausted. We claimed our luggage and took a cab to our hotel. Melissa's company set her up in this fancy suite. It had all the perks, including a hot tub. We were both tired but we decided to take a dip. We started to undress each other and again, I was in awe of her. Her naked body was flawless. She seemed to like mine as well because as soon as we were undressed, she began kissing me and caressing my every curve. I happily returned the attention. I stepped into the hot tub first and sat against the wall. Melissa stepped in after me and sat between my spread legs. The jets from the tub felt incredible on our tense bodies. She had her hair pinned up which exposed her lovely neck to me. How could I resist? I started to nibble and kiss her neck and ears, she shivered with pleasure. I reached my arms around her and cupped her full firm breasts in my hands. I caressed her rock-hard nipples with my thumbs as I gently squeezed her breasts. She leaned into me. I LOVE to hear her moan. I tilted my head to the side to meet her mouth and gave her a deep soul kiss. I couldn't believe how lucky I was. She turned around and straddled me while we were kissing. When her breasts and nipples brushed my own, I thought I would explode! I grabbed her ass as she grinded her pussy against my thigh. I lowered my head to take her light brown nipples into my hot mouth. She was furiously humping my thigh as I fingered her ass and sucked her tits. "Bite harder!" she demanded. My kind of girl. I started biting her breasts and nipples. She was insatiable. "Michelle, I'm going to cuuummmm, you fucking bitch, you're making me cum again....." Her body convulsed as she came on my leg. 

After a few minutes, she ordered me to position myself directly in front of the tub's jets. She spread my legs so the pulsing water could masturbate me. It felt soooo gooood! As the water was pounding my throbbing pussy, Melissa was kissing me and giving my tits the same treatment I gave hers. I was so overwhelmed by this situation, living out a long-time fantasy, that I came almost instantly. After my brain functions returned, we both hopped in the shower and washed each other VERY clean. We toweled off and collapsed naked onto the queen-size bed. We held each other through the night, our legs entwined. She felt like home to me. 

I was awakened the next morning by Melissa gently kissing my clit. "I really love your little ring, very pretty," she said. "MMMMM, what a great way to wake me." I tried to molest her before she finished getting dressed, but she was already late for her meeting. "I'll see you in a couple of hours," she said as she gently kissed my lips. "Stay out of trouble."

"I can't make any promises, but I'll give it a shot," I answered. 

Since I don't know anyone in San Jose except for Steve, and since I was getting tired of watching porn, I decided to give him a call. Maybe he could help me pass the time until Melissa returned. I was able to reach Steve at his house and he was very surprised to hear from me. I persuaded him to come and hang out at the hotel with me. "Maybe you could show me around," I said. "Sure, babe. Whatever you want. I'll be there in an hour." We hadn't seen each other for a few years so I was really looking forward to seeing him again. I got up to get dressed and put some makeup on. I wanted to look nice for Steve. I washed my face and put some moisturizer on. I curled my lashes and put on some black mascara, I then painted my full lips a deep red. I ran a brush through my long blonde hair, then I started to get dressed. 

I put on my nude thong, skintight black leather bellbottom jeans, and a fitted red T-shirt. I didn't feel like wearing a bra. My T-shirt was so tight, it provided enough support. I was slipping into my motorcycle boots when I heard a knock on the hotel room door. I opened the door and flew into Steve's arms. I was so happy to see him. He really looked incredible, better than I remembered. He's tall, lean, muscular and clean-shaven. What can I say? I have a thing for bald guys! He brought me flowers and a nice bottle of wine. "Awww, I feel really bad, I didn't get YOU anything."

"Just you being here is enough for me." He was always smooth. Truth be told, Steve was one of the best lovers I'd ever had. He's insatiable and experimental, two qualities I seek out in my partners. He also has this incredibly thick cock, and he knows how to use it. He's a very giving lover, totally selfless. He ALWAYS made me cum. He knew all the right buttons to push. 

Steve was eyeing me with approval. "Damn, Michelle, you look sooo beautiful, so fucking nasty! You still have your piercings?" I showed him my bellybutton and stuck out my tongue. He proceeded to lick both. He pushed his tongue into my mouth and he tasted so good to me. "I really missed this one, (my tongue piercing) I loved how it felt on the shaft of my cock."

"I got a new one...." I teasingly offered. "Oh yeah, where?" He ran his hands across my firm breasts and tweaked my hard nipples, which were quite visible through the tight fabric of my shirt. "I can tell it's not your nipples...."

"Lower," I whispered. He put his hands around my waist and started to unbutton my jeans. I pushed his hands away. "Nah, you don't deserve to see it," I teased. "C'mon, I brought you wine...and flowers!" he begged. "Oh, I see. So that entitles you to see me naked?"

"Wouldn't be the first time...." I playfully punched his arm. "Oh, alright! I hate to see a grown man beg. Wait, no I don't. It's actually quite entertaining!" He then pulled me close and kissed me hard. My panties were becoming wetter by the minute. "It feels so good to be back in your arms, Michelle. I've missed you so much."

"Same here, angel." We kissed a bit longer, then I broke our embrace. 

We sat on the bed and I told him all about what transpired between Melissa and I. He knew all about my longing for her and he was happy I finally got to fulfill my fantasy. As I told him all the details of the plane, the hot tub, etc. I noticed how much tighter his jeans stretched across his crotch. I affectionately patted his cock through his jeans. "Awww, poor baby. What can I do to help you with that?" He laid back on the bed and pulled me on top of him. "Please let me make love to you. I want you so bad. Please, Michelle." We started kissing and he held my hips to grind into me. He has such strong hands. I remove my shirt and expose myself to him. He reaches for my breasts and begins kneading them. "These tits were made for me, they fit perfectly in my hand." I throw my head back and moan. He knows how to handle me. 

I take his hands from my breasts and hold them over his head. I lean forward so my breasts fall into his mouth. He greedily accepts them. "I love your mouth, baby. Always have," I whisper. I let go of his hands and he moves to unbutton my jeans. I don't stop him this time. I stand up to make his job easier, and he slides the leather down my long, toned legs. I'm standing before him wearing only my nude thong. He gets on his knees and firmly holds my hips. He begins to lick my pussy through my panties, something he KNOWS turns me on. "Time to see your new piercing..." He rips off my thong and I'm completely exposed to him. My pussy is swollen with arousal. He uses his index finger to play with my clit ring, then he puts it between his teeth and gently tugs. "MMMMMM, nice..." I mumble. "You still like pleasure spiked with pain I see."

"Only when you're delivering that combination," I moan. He continues to tease my clit with his very talented tongue until I shove him away. "I want your cock NOW!" I demand. I unbutton and unzip his jeans and yank them down his legs. His cock springs out at me. "I see you're still going commando," I tease. "Why wear underwear? Everything is more...accessible this way." I get down on my knees and flick the bulging purple head of his cock with my tongue as my hand cradles his cum-filled balls. I grab his ass and deep-throat him. My nose is buried in his soft pubic hair, his whole cock is down my throat. He grabs the sides of my face and pushes his cock in and out of my mouth. 

"Wait, stop, this isn't right," he says. "EXCUSE ME???" I respond. "No,what I mean is, we shouldn't be ignoring that sweet cunt of yours." He takes off his shirt and lays back on the bed. "C'mere, baby. Remember my favorite number? I believe it's yours too," he teased. "Oh, yes. I am quite fond of that number," I say as I position myself on top of him. My hot cunt is directly over his mouth and he grabs my ass to pull me down onto his tongue. I'm enjoying his luscious cock as he's eating me. We're going at it like maniacs when the hotel room door opens. Then I hear Melissa's voice, "Hey, sweetie I'm back. The meeting was cut mercifully short. Have you've been keeping busy?" Before Steve and I could react, we were busted! "Well, I see you've been keeping yourself entertained you naughty girl. What ever am I going to do with you.....?" 

If you enjoyed this story, please let me know. If I get enough positive responses, we'll see what happens with this "threesome" in Torn II. Thanks! 