 Note- More wicked fun with her Ladyship from a bye gone age.

xxx

Surrey, England 1920.

xxx 

The evening drizzle had turned to a downpour by midnight as Lady Victoria Ponsonby Smythe arrived in Godalming, Surrey aboard her motorised carriage. The chauffeur opened the door outside the large house which stood in its own grounds behind high walls and the forty year old stepped out. The current resident, the noted woman of ill repute, Mary the Duchess of Argyll, ensured that complete privacy was complied with given the nature of her exclusive gatherings. No ordinary gatherings were these but sophisticated and unadulterated sex gatherings, catering for like minded men and woman. Members of the aristocracy, nobility and the wealthy were all attracted to the salacious parties thrown by the wanton Duchess.

"Darling!" The hostess, the Duchess herself greeted Victoria at the door with umbrella in hand and ushered her over the threshold. Both ladies were attired in Roman style togas, the historical orgies of the decadent Empire being the theme of this May Day party. Victoria, a self styled sadomasochist, never said no to an all out raving orgy. 

"SO glad you could make it my dear. You shan't be disappointed I can assure you." 

"Thank you, and might I say what a magnificent gown you are wearing."

The Duchess did a fancy twirl in her white and diaphanous toga of pure silk with the broad sash around her midriff holding it secure. The incredibly slim brunette sported a trendy bob with a finger wave. Married to the tenth Duke of Argyll, thirty years older than her, she was tremendously wealthy and was renowned in English society for her natural beauty.

"I know, cost me thirty five guineas no less. I love it."

Victoria dispensed with her top coat and revealed her own outfit, a loose white toga that wrapped around her body and barely covered her 34F sized tits. They walked arm in arm and smiled broadly as they entered the large living room. Masses of candles illuminated the room and gave off a sensuous ambience. 

"Everybody, Lady Victoria made it. Isn't she just scrumptious!"

A dozen or so like dressed guests were standing or sitting in small groups, imbibing wine and champagne as they prepared themselves for the approaching soiree. All the men certainly ogled the top heavy blonde with the high cheekbones and ocean blue eyes with a gratuitous hunger. A rather tall, lean fellow in a toga came right up to the five foot eight Victoria and took her hand in his. 

"Delighted to make your acquaintance my Lady. Doctor Richards at your disposal. The Duchess puts on one hell of an orgy and I know you will enjoy the evening."

He kissed the back of her hand and Victoria felt his cock brush against her left thigh, just where the hem of her toga finished. Obviously naked under his garment she felt the frisson of a thrill rush through her. His dark eyes glittered in the warm light of the room and some smouldering flame flashed in her breast. As he stroked her bare arm he whispered in her ear.

"No doubt we shall get better acquainted later. I shall not disappoint." 

His eyes lowered to her hefty bosom, then winked and withdrew. Victoria's eyes lingered on his powerful frame as he walked off. As he shrank back into the crowd the Duchess handed Victoria a glass of wine and brushed up beside her.

"Ah, Doctor Richards. He's hung like the proverbial horse. And there is Earl Hicks and his wife, Countess Daisy. Over there is Sir Hilary Oates who came with some trollop named Clara. The Duchess of Manchester Louise, and with her is Lionel. He's quite big in Hollywood these days don't you know. And big elsewhere if you catch my drift!" 

Victoria surveyed the scene and noted all the guests were hardly clothed, the women especially well near topless. The upper classes had always aired their dirty linen in private and Mary and Victoria both had a penchant for unusual sexual practises and were clearly insatiable. Rank, position, money, stately homes all contributed to their boredom and disillusions which made them seek gratification wherever they could. Victoria herself, now a mature forty, had married Lord Henry and managed the exclusive stables in their Kent Manor. The Duchess steered the pair of them to a well upholstered sofa as they drank heartily and soon enough they were treated to the sight of some passionate fore play.

"Oh, Sir Hilary!" Giggled Louise as she and the bearded man flopped beside Victoria and Mary on the sofa.

Victoria looked on as the couple kissed and groped each other oblivious to anybody else. The man's toga spread out and his thick erect cock bobbed up and down. Mary stood up and began to scatter red cushions on the thick carpet as various guests coupled up. The lights in the room were dimmed as everybody started to strip off. Victoria felt a shiver run up her spine as she breathlessly watched the orgy unfold before her very eyes.

"Good evening, my Lady Ponsonby Smythe."

The motion picture actor known as Lionel loomed over the seated blonde and opened his toga proudly. His stiff prick stood out and it was indeed a monster! The thick underside had one fat vein which pulsed visibly, and his shaven and hairless groin only enhanced the big size. Victoria smiled and squeezed his erection and was pleasantly surprised at how hot it was. He jerked his hips and his smooth length slid back and forth in her clutching fingers.

"Fuck me Hilary, oh yes! Give it to me you tiger!"

The Duchess of Manchester was rocking to and fro on the man beneath her on the sofa, her eyes closed in bliss as his cock slid in and out of the naked brunette. By now Lady Victoria was as horny as a bitch in heat as Lionel stroked her cunt and fingered her moistness under her open toga. Her eyes moved to her left as the blonde Clara, obviously a dye job, was on the carpet with her bottom up and her legs out wide as the Earl Hicks settled on top of her and began to fuck her with urgent strokes.

"Suck my cock, if you wouldn't mind my dear." Asked a patient Lionel.

Victoria opened her lips and took the top three inches into her mouth and clamped down just under the ridge where his foreskin peeled back. As he frigged her so she gobbled his cock up with audible slurping noises that made him groan lustfully. Her clitoris was rubbed most heartily and her heart beat like a hammer as she continued to fellate the man.

"What spiffing fun!" Announced the Duchess of Argyll as she had her back to the wall with her left leg around a man's waist as he screwed her senseless.

The couple beside Victoria and Lionel were in heated action as Louise moved up and down on her lover who held her by the hips and squirmed under her. In fact the whole room was now a hive of depraved and sordid activity as everyone was engaged in some for of sexual play. Victoria gripped the thighs of the actor as her head moved to and fro on his rigid member. His flared glans hit the back of her throat as she hummed on him with legs apart, her cunt stuffed with two fat fingers.

"Heavens above!"

Victoria relinquished his knob as his urgent digits reached deep inside her weeping slit and his face moved to her melon sized tits. He sucked in one marble hard nub and left a smear of spit on her large areola as he moved to the other. As his teeth nibbled her sensitive points he increased his frigging as he clawed at her buttocks under her.

"Dear lord!"

Her fair pubic region became matted with her love juices. The actor probed her cunt, moved out, darted back in and teased before removing his fingers once more.

"You are driving me mad, Sir! 

Victoria's breasts bounced vigorously as her pelvis thrust in an upward attempt to fuck his fingers. It was at this precise moment that a figure from behind her ripped the toga from her body and hoisted her into a doggy style position. Unseen by her Ladyship a male member of the orgy pressed his stiff prick to her wet slot and pushed the flared head directly into her slick groove.

"Heavens!"

Victoria inhaled deeply as a hand pawed at her left tit as a big cock began to push on in. Strong hand gripped her by the hips and she was pulled back as the unknown man thrust forwards at the same time. The smouldering blonde looked down at under and saw a heavy ball sack swing as the man hove to and fro. She was forced back and forth lengthwise on the sofa as she was fucked by assertive strokes.

"I love it!"

Now one hand was in the small of her back and the other stroked her clit as she was humped with audible slaps of flesh on flesh. Lionel had melted away but Victoria was oblivious as she pushed her bottom up and slammed back onto the welcome cock. As she lifted her head the sight of a naked man sat on the other end of the sofa, now vacated by the Duchess of Manchester, came into view. His erection stuck up like a truncheon, the glans shiny with pre cum.

"HO!"

The man shoved up her cunt yelled out as he came deep inside her with a huge blast of semen. Victoria got shakily to her feet and shifted one step over and plopped her still dripping pussy onto the proffered cock. As she rose up and down happily two hungry hands moved to her cantaloupe sized tits and pinched both nipples. The Earl Hicks sauntered over and kissed Victoria full on the lips leaving her lips covered on spit. Then he held up his pulsing prick and jerked it in his fist and shot his load into her face.

"That was beautiful!" He grunted.

Victoria swiped the back of her hand across her face and licked up the cum. Concentrating on the cock inside her she rocked to and fro, moaning constantly as she did so. Her breath was coming in ragged gasps as she slid up and down, her toes dug into the carpet under her feet. The man beneath her thrust up into her with more force, driving himself into her cunt as far as possible. Victoria came on his pole and leaned forward as her limbs tired. Hot cum pumped inside her for several seconds until she was tossed aside like a broken toy.

"Nice." She scoffed as her lover vanished.

"Come, my Lady."

Victoria looked up at a now naked Doctor Richards. His body was magnificent with no fat, just muscle. The exceptional appendage of his poked up semi hard and resembled the cock that might have been found between the legs of horsewoman's prize stud in her renowned stables. He held out his hand and they scaled the purple carpet stairs to the bedrooms. They entered a large one with a king sized bed under a ceiling covered in mirror tiles.

"Hello Victoria. Having fun?"

Victoria noticed the Duchess of Argyll, on her back with a bull of a man fucking her brains out. She watched her legs that were fully parted as the man rose and fell atop of her, his balls rubbing the insides of her thighs as each plunge in sent her shrieking. The Doctor held Victoria close to his chest and she purred in his arms as they French kissed.

"Love me Doctor."

They fell back beside the rutting Duchess and Doctor Richards slid between Victoria's open legs and both gasped as his sizeable dick penetrated her already sodden, cum splattered cunt. Lady Victoria locked her lithe legs around his waist as they moved together in a beautiful fuck. His hands never stopped caressing her hefty boobs and he nibbled her ears and neck with hard teeth as they rocked in each others arms. Although not as tight as she had been in her youth the horse cock shoved up inside her made her feel like a twenty year old, such was the generous girth of his cock.

"Oh, lovely!"

She raked her nails down his back as her hips caught his rhythm and her butt slid along the mattress in time with his humps. Up above the bed she saw her own reflection as she laid beneath the tight assed Doctor. He was going great guns as his enormous hunk of an organ pulsated in her slippery inner walls. Then she muttered as Mary, the Duchess of Argyll sat on her face and smothered her mouth with her soaking pussy. Victoria flicked out her tongue against the upper part of the woman's cunt and ushered throaty groans of approval from her hostess. 

"How super!" Cried Mary as she and the Doctor kissed as they both rode a thrilled Lady Victoria.

Then Mary's bull joined in and she fellated him as she rocked to and fro along the slavering tongue of the bouncing female beneath her. Mary's lover panted and swore as she worked her mouth furiously along his hot length Then he roared and his seed exploded into the welcome mouth of Mary. The Duchess popped off Victoria and bent low to her face and in a most erotic sight for the two men dribbled the spent semen from her mouth to the other in a long and slowly string of cum.

"What great fun! Announced the Doctor as he withdrew from a somewhat disappointed Victoria.

She wasn't left wanting long as her legs were widened and she had another prick stretch out her pussy. Mary and her kissed in a long smooch as Victoria rolled her tongue in the others mouth and sucked the hot cum from her. Now a sea of faces had gathered to look and Daisy and Clara kissed her and rubbed both her huge tits as the man atop her glided in and out of her love groove. In a cock frenzy she rolled her hips back and pulled her knees up to achieve maximum penetration.

"This is truly heaven!" She purred as all around the bedroom were the sounds of sucking, fucking, moans and groans and slapping of flesh.

Suddenly the man fucking Victoria stiffened and blew his load and pulled put. In an instant Daisy and Clara, both with glistening naked frames, were on her and both their snake like tongues lapped up her dripping quim until she had been licked dry.

"Thank you ladies." Said Victoria as she wallowed in sheer bliss.

Doctor Richards now had Mary on all fours next to her as Victoria felt a hand creep between her legs and finger her cunt. Lionel had returned and was on his back with a very rigid flagpole sticking up to the mirror ceiling. Lady Victoria smiled as she slid over his body and straddled his groin, She impaled herself on him with great delight and managed to fit his entire length inside her now gaping pussy. 

"Ride me, my mare. I am your stallion!"

With a concerted effort she rode up and down on his prodigious hose as he pawed at her buttocks with both hands. Behind her came a loud guffaw as Sir Hilary pushed his middle digit into here puckered asshole and wormed his way in. Victoria noted his finger had been oiled as he frigged her anus frantically.

"Fuck my ass, Sir!"

Victoria paused on top of the famed Hollywood actor as the other male gripped her hips, and in a shuffle of limbs his medium sized prick entered her anus with a measured prodding. Once all in Victoria felt a mini orgasm as the superb friction of having two holes filled at the same time. It was as if they pair of rampant men had practised earlier as they double fucked her in a slow, synchronised fuck. Lionel squeezed her massive boobs as he fucked her on the outstroke and Hilary on the in stroke.

"It's the only way to have intercourse really." She purred.

Another mini orgasm hit home as the intensity of two cocks embedded in her overwhelmed her Ladyship. It was Sir Hilary who came first and he unloaded with a final hard thrust in her asshole before his softening dick slipped out. Lionel pushed his pelvis up with some urgency and came inside her lubricated cunt. With both pussy and anus sloppy and saturated a full blown orgasm jolted her curvy frame.

"I'm coming! I'm coming!" Harked a shrill female voice. 

The Duchess of Argyll, still on all fours, was having her cunt licked out by the good Doctor who had her buttocks parted and his face buried in her backside. His dribbling and flaccid cock paid homage to the fact that he had cum also. Victoria settled in a veritable pool of juices as she came down from her elation. 

x

As the evening became the wee hours, nearer to dawn than dusk the orgy spluttered towards its inevitable end. Lady Victoria found the Duchess and they both vanished into a much smaller boudoir.

"For a special treat for you I have the very thing. Right up your alley if you forgive my pun. I know how you prefer the kinky side of things."

There, in the centre of the sparsely furnished room was a naked young man, no more than nineteen years of age, on his knees with his hands tied behind his back. A dog collar was around his neck and a broad belt around his midriff. His legs were trapped under his body and his erect cock pointed up from a hairless groin in his submissive state. His member was quite long and thick with a purple head which drooled of pre fluid.

"I had Louise fellate him into full hardness in preparation for your enjoyment. Oliver! You would like to cum for your mistress, wouldn't you?"

The black haired man nodded as Mary palmed his rod and stroked it gently. He squirmed in his restraints in his kneeling position and eyed the nude form of Victoria whose hefty bosom jiggled with each tiny move of her torso. Mary felt the big blue vein in his prick throb with anticipation as both naked women leered at his gorgeous body.

"He is being paid handsomely for this session, so do what thou wilt."

The Duchess receded into the background and sank into a plush chair with a warming glass of cognac. Victoria turned her back to Oliver to show him her rear view, then bent to touch her toes to expose that tantalising slit between closed upper thighs. The man young gulped as the wanton hussy straddled his lower thighs and raised her front to show him her juicy cunt As she arched her back her hands rested on his knees and her huge cleavage thrust up evocatively. Behind her ass the swollen cock poked bolt upright at the crack that separated her cheeks.

"You are so hard my man. Do you desire this moist, soft muff of mine?"

Victoria used the leverage of her hands on him to lift her pussy into his direct eye line. The thrill of her control over the male was superb. The feeling of being so desired, so needed by the salivating stunt cock gave the sexual high she craved. How well did the Duchess know her! She stood, bent at the waist and ran the tips of her fingers down his abdomen to the top of his pubic region His prick twitched with a maddening helplessness.

"How vulgar! Dirty man!" 

The Lady gave his vertical pole a sound slap halfway up the shaft. She followed up with a series of hard slaps with both hands that culminated in such a flurry of spanks that her hands inter crossed. She ceased and nodded approvingly. Most mortal souls would have ejaculated at that assault.

"Very good slave. You may partake of my pussy."

He made a throaty grunt as the tall woman stood right over his kneeling position and bent at the knee. A shiver ran up her spine as he looked up and began to circle her outer folds with just the tip of his pink tongue. Victoria mewed with delight as he found her clit and stabbed at it repeatedly. He swiped up and down and then side to side as she steadily went out of her mind with the sublime tease. Her thigh muscles tensed from her awkward stance and she reached out to his head for balance.

"Shall we fuck?" She asked as she stood up straight.

"Yes! I implore you!"

"No."

"My Lady!"

Truth be told she was past the point of no return and planted both feet by his doubled up thighs and lowered her body to his groin. His arms, behind his back tugged uncontrollably as his stiff root was gripped and fed into a surprisingly succulent, squealing cunt. Her bosom moved forwards and she suffocated his mouth with her ample cleavage. As he sputtered and spat Victoria slowly pushed down until he was devoured by her steamy quim.

"Shall I be mother?"

He mumbled a reply as she rose up until he almost slipped out and then sank down and back up several times. His cock felt wonderful inside her, thick, hot and wet. Was she being too nice, she wondered? Not like her at all. Best to let him suffer. Oh, the power!
