 Dear Reader: This story is a composite of some real, and some imaginary experiences. In the main, however, they are fairly true. The only actual liberty I have taken is to add a scene between the two men in this three-some along the same lines of the "My First Three-Some" story. Based on my email, a lot of readers liked the images conjured up by two men actually touching each other during my sex with them. The truth is, it turns me on, too. As to the real: I really did meet a burly Scot I had exchanged so emails with. It was a fun "one day stand," which I thoroughly enjoyed. The portion that talks about his wanting his friend to have sex with his wife is true. The blending of Elaine and Ellen; his wife, is purely imaginary, but I really enjoyed being two women at the same time. It was a real pleasure for me to write, and I hope it makes sense when you read it. 

Thank you again for all your emails. It is tremendously encouraging. —Elaine

————————————————-

Robert met Elaine in the bar of the New York City hotel in which he and his best friend, Mike, shared a room to save on expenses. Robert agreed to meet Elaine here so she could "check him out," as she put it. As a favor, he asked his mate, Mikey, to spend some time away so that he could be with Elaine privately. That was, after all, one of the main reasons he had come to the States from Aberdeen, Scotland in the first place. His wife, Ellen, as wonderful as she was, did not seem really into sex, and Robert had a much stronger drive than she did. So, he was in a marriage where sex was down the list of priorities, and had, through sexual frustration and curiosity, met Elaine on an Internet chat room. Over the months they had exchanged emails and chatted on-line exchanging naughty thoughts, fantasies and stories.

She was as beautiful as he had hoped, and as her pictures had suggested. As they sat across from each other at the small round table, he enjoyed watching her as she spoke with the charming Yankee accent. He liked the way her shoulder-length auburn hair moved as she talked, and how her hazel-green eyes and even, white teeth flashed when she smiled. He especially liked how she was dressed in a light cotton shirt with at least three buttons undone, and he could see the tops of her breasts. The shirt was only partially opaque, so he could make out the shape of her bra and bra straps, noting that they appeared to be a light peach color, and he wondered if her panties matched. Her outfit was finished off in a short gray skirt, black hose, which he hoped were thigh-high rather than pantyhose like she said she liked, black high-heels and some simple gold jewelry. 

After a bit of chitchat Elaine must have decided that Robert wasn't some sort Highland ax-murder. She reached out her hand, and touched Robert's lightly with her fingertips. "Why don't we go to your room," Elaine purred. Robert couldn't believe that his luck would be so good. After all, he was just a lad from far-away Scotland, while she, she was a beautiful lady from the world's center, New York City.

Together they went to the elevator. When the door closed, Elaine, rising up on her toes, gave Robert a quick kiss on the lips, startling him. He looked down into her eyes and was struck with just how lively they seemed.

As he placed the keycard in the slot he felt Elaine's hands slide around his waist from behind as she leaned against his back pushing her firm breasts into him. Her hands slid over his stomach and she tucked her fingertips into the waistband of his trousers. He felt his cock begin to stir as he felt her body next to his. The door clicked and he pushed his way into the room with Elaine following immediately behind, her hands on his hips.

Once in the room he clicked on a light by the bed, and turned to see Elaine smiling at him as she began to unbutton her blouse. "Sit down," she said. "Let me show you."

He did as she asked, sitting on one of the two double beds in the room. In the soft light he watched as Elaine finished unbuttoning her blouse. Slowly she drew it back revealing her bra-encased breasts. He was fascinated. He could see the darker circles of her areoles where they pressed against the sheer patterned silk of the bra. Her nipples pushed out through the fabric and were plainly visible.

As Elaine slipped her arms from her blouse, she let it fall to the floor behind her. She ran her hands over her hips, up over her smooth tummy and over her breasts. Robert could see that she was pushing them up, and that excited him. Cupping her right breast in her left hand, she used the other to slip the left shoulder strap from the bra down. Then, changing hands, she cupped her left breast in her right hand and moved the right strap down, as well. Elaine smiled at Robert as she pulled her bra cups down, exposing her breasts to his gaze. He could see the blue veins lacing under her pink skin. Her nipples stuck out about a half inch and were encircled in dark, rose-red and slightly bumpy areoles. Robert felt his pulse quicken, and his mouth go dry.

Elaine reached behind herself with both hands and unhooked her bra from the rear, letting it fall to the floor at her feet. Her breasts were exquisite and stood proudly out from her chest. She cupped both her breasts in her hands and began to massage them, while watching all the while Robert's reaction. She pinched her nipples and tugged on them, pulling her breasts into large cones.

He loved watching her breasts move under her hands as she rubbed them, and Robert was so excited by the erotic show Elaine was putting on just a couple of feet from him, that couldn't help himself, and he cupped his now steel-hard penis through his pants, squeezing it. Elaine paused, and dropped her hands to her waist. When she released her breasts, they bobbed briefly, exciting Robert even more.

She smiled at Robert, her eyes now hooded as she moved her hands to her back again turning away from him and began to lower, slowly, the zipper that was at the rear of her skirt. He noticed for the first time in "real life" what a wonderful ass she had. It was curvy, but not too large; womanly, but girlish at the same time. Then Elaine began to lower her skirt. Slowly it dropped from her waist to her upper hips, showing him a hint of her panties (they were peach-colored, too!). She looked over her shoulder at him, smiling a Mona Lisa smile as she let her skirt drop to her feet.

Robert could see the twin globes of her panty-covered ass. He could see through the almost transparent panties the crack of her ass as it descended to her upper thighs. Her long legs were encased in sheer black hose with dark paisley-patterned tops, and her feet were still in her black patent-leather high heels. She looked fabulous, and she was stripping just for him!

"Do you like me, Robert?" Elaine asked, turning toward him, her voice husky with desire. Her body was glorious. Robert could see the small, trim bush of her reddish pubic hair through her panties. Her mound was somewhat pronounced and led upward to her soft, female belly with her small belly button in the middle. Her skin was pale pink and so smooth. "Do you like what you see?" she asked again. Robert nodded, not trusting his voice. "Do you want this?" she asked, rubbing one hand over her cunt, cupping it and rubbing it lewdly. She slipped her hand inside her panties, and he could see one of her fingers slipping between the folds of her pussy.

Robert's hands went to his belt. Elaine said, "Don't." She stepped toward him only in her peach-colored panties, tight fitting black hose and high heels, her breasts swaying as she moved. She bent over and began to work his belt, her breasts now hanging down before him. Her eyes met Robert's. She kissed him. At first lightly, then more insistently, her tongue pushing into is mouth. She tasted so fresh and wonderful as she probed him.

He reached up and cupped her breasts in both his hands as she undid his belt and unzipped his pants. She tugged at his trousers and he lifted his ass from the bed as she pulled them down to mid-thigh. Then she took one of her fingers, the one that he had seen disappear into her pussy, and she pushed it into his mouth like a small dick. He could taste her wonderful sex juice, which inflamed him even more. She stroked it in and out of his sucking mouth like she was fucking him. It was such a new thing he nearly came.

Her other hand felt his penis and his balls through his underwear. Pulling her finger from his mouth, she reached both hands down and stroked his thighs, running her red nails up to where his thighs joined his torso. She ran her fingers through his thick pubic hair, grazing his flesh around his cock. One hand reached and gripped his now rigid penis, and her other cupped his hairy balls, jiggling them as if gauging their weight, as if judging how much sperm they contained.

He tugged on her breasts as she bent over him, encircling her nipples between his thumb and forefinger and squeezing and tugging which sent serious electric shocks through her body. She shuddered and shut her eyes; concentrating briefly on the pleasure Robert was giving her. "Just a minute," she murmured, and knelt before him and tugged his pants to the floor. He lifted one foot, then the other. She removed his shoes and socks. He stared at her, her movements so fluid and female, her breasts swaying as she finished undressing him. Quickly, Robert pulled his shirt over his head and tossed it onto the floor near his other clothes.

She settled on her knees, leaning back on her haunches, her ass on her heels, and smiled up at Robert. She took his massive organ in one hand, and cupped his ball sack in the other. "Spread your legs wider," she said, and he did. She then bent over and licked the flaring head of his penis with her pink tongue. She slid it all around the sensitive head and around the rim. Elaine glanced up at Robert, and then ran her hot tongue down one side of his penis and up the other. He felt her fingers gently flexing his balls. She pushed his shaft back against his stomach and licked the entire length from just behind the flaring head, down, down, down between his nuts. She sucked first one into her mouth, holding it there while he felt the heat and wet, and then the other. She nuzzled him down below his nuts and he tentatively raised his legs, holding them at the knees and rolling slightly back onto his lower back. She licked farther down until he felt her hot tongue probing his anus. The feelings were like nothing he had ever experienced and he was nearly overwhelmed with sexual passion.

She began to stroke his rod as she licked his ass and up and down his shaft. All of Robert's being was now between his legs. Elaine rose up slightly and took the head of his cock between her full lips, encircling it just behind the head. Robert felt her tongue sliding around the spongy mushroom cock head and then probing his slit, lapping up his pre-cum that leaked from it. Robert looked down as his cock rested in her mouth and marveled at how she made him feel. He reached down and stroked her neck and shoulders. Elaine looked up at him, and smiled with her eyes.

Slowly, her eyes still on his, Elaine swallowed his cock, her face moving down ever closer to the root of his stalk. Robert couldn't believe his eyes as his large, iron stiff penis slowly disappeared into Elaine's hot mouth. He could feel her tongue underneath his shaft as his cock slid over it. Soon, he felt the large, spongy mushroom head of his cock slip into a constricted space, and he knew that his cock was going into her throat!

He couldn't believe it. Her lips and nose were buried in his public hair. He could feel her lower lip on his scrotum and then.., she made several swallowing motions with her throat and he nearly came. She was milking him. Too soon, she began to let his cock slip from her throat, over a tongue until she held the head with her lips and her agile tongue danced over the sensitive head. She began to pump his cock, now covered with her saliva as he looked on. The stroking motion caused her breasts to swing back and forth on her chest, and her cheeks were concave with her suction on his cock.

Again she slipped his penis down deep into her, and then back up. Down and up, down and up, each time supplying wonderful suction-pleasure to his penis. She cupped his balls and rolled them gently in her hand as her head began to bob up and down his shaft, rubbing her thumb over the slick and sensitive cock head on the up stroke. His hips began to move in a fucking motion as she sucked him. He felt his balls begin to boil as the cum began its tortured climb up his cock. Just before he came she pulled free of his cock with her mouth wide open, and pointing his cock there. She pumped his cock up and back, up and back, his balls swinging as she worked on his orgasm.

Suddenly, his cock lurched in her hand and a thick jet of white sperm leaped from his tiny slit and splattered on her teeth and lips. The second jet shot directly into her mouth in such a flood that Elaine coughed at the amount. The third string of thick, hot, white jizz splashed across her cheek and nose, a giant glob lading just under one eye. 

Elaine continued to pump him, as sperm leaked out, rolling over his bulbous head onto her fist, lubricating her slowing strokes. His cock, now slippery with his sperm felt incredible as she rubbed the palm of her other hand over the head, causing his hips to jump in the painful pleasure of it. She smiled up at him, her face covered in his cum. She opened her lips and showed him a pool of his white, sweet-tasting cum on her tongue. She curled it back into her mouth and swallowed his sperm. With one finger, she scraped the warm, sticky liquid from her cheek and nose and carried it, dripping, into her mouth. There were small spatters of his seed on her tits.

As his cock deflated, he looked down, amazed that his chat room fantasy had come to life. She had given him the most mind-bending orgasm of his life! It was something he could only dream about with his wife Ellen back in Scotland.

Elaine sat back on her ass, her legs spread apart, and her breasts heaving as she caught her breath. "Wow," she said, "That was absolutely wonderful!" She rested her weight on her hands; her arms bend backward as she looked up at him. "You have soooo much sperm, soooo much cum I almost couldn't take it all.

At that moment they both heard a soft cough. Robert looked quickly up and Elaine turned her head quickly. There, leaning against the hallway door, stood Mikey. His face was flushed, and he was cupping his cock and balls in his hand through his jeans.

"Jeeze!" Robert yelled, "I thought I told you I needed privacy! Get out!"

"But..," Mikey stammered.

"Wait," Elaine said. She turned back to Robert and said, "You remember when you wrote to me and said what a turn on it would be if you could see Ellen fucked by another guy?"

Robert nodded, his cock, red from his blow job, looked from Elaine, naked except for her panties, stockings and heels, to his mate, Mikey, his hands cupping his obvious erection.

"Well," Elaine said, "Why not now?"

With that she got quickly to her feet and walked up to Mikey. She put her hands out, taking him by the wrists and placed his hands on her tits. With her hands, she pulled at his belt and quickly unzipped his jeans. Mikey, massaging her breasts and smiling in wonder, stepped from his trousers and underwear, his cock standing almost straight out.

Robert had seen plenty of naked men before in the showers after sports, but this was the first time he had ever seen a man's cock hard and throbbing, and it was exciting thinking that this could be like having Mikey and Ellen getting ready to fuck while he watched. Elaine pulled Mikey's shirt over his head, and led him, naked now, over to the bed.

"Robert, you sit over there," Elaine said, pointing to an armchair at the table near the foot of the bed. She stood on her tiptoes and kissed Mikey, his cock touching her silk-clad pussy, her breasts pushing into his chest. Robert could she their tongues moving in each other's mouths in a hot French kiss, and Robert wondered if Mikey could taste his sperm in Elaine's mouth.

Mikey hands roamed over Elaine's back and ass as they stood before Robert. Mikey's hands slipped under her panties and slid over the curved twin bubbles of her butt. When their kiss broke, Elaine pulled her panties down, her beautiful breasts hanging down and swinging as she stepped from them, and then turning, climbed onto the bed.

Robert felt his cock stirring as he watched as Elaine lay back, her head on the pillow, her legs spread, her pussy now wide open to the two men's view. She slipped a finger into herself and pulled it out covered in her slick honey, and gleaming in the lamplight. Inserting the finger in her mouth, she said to Mikey, "Come here and fuck me," She spread her cunt lips with her fingers. Robert and Mikey could see how wet and red she was inside as she held her lips open. They could see the small, darker pink rosebud of her anus, and her breasts lay flatter on her ribcage. There was a small patch of almost red pussy hair above her slit on her lower belly, but as best he could see from the chair, she was otherwise hairless. Her outer lips appeared like two halves of a peach, curved and softly rounded, and inside her inner lips flared open like the soft petals of an exotic tropical flower, web and gleaming in the soft room lights.

Robert couldn't believe how turned on he has. Mikey climbed onto the bed and knee-walked between Elaine's beautiful legs, his hands running up her nylon-covered legs to her soft, white inner thighs. Robert could almost imagine that Mikey was about to screw Ellen. He knew Ellen had once been turned on by Mikey when he was in the Army, and had hoped that one day he could watch Ellen getting fucked by his best mate, Mikey.

Mikey's penis was hard and much thicker and longer than Robert's. His lower stomach and his balls, which seemed larger, too, were covered in a nest of dark pubic hair, and his balls hung loose in their sack. Mikey's cock was covered in small veins and a long, darker one, wriggled along the top of the shaft as Mikey leaned forward, pointing his rampant manhood at Elaine's cunt. Robert wasn't jealous because Mikey had a larger cock, but he was excited thinking about how his best friend was about to use that mighty pole and fuck his wife, Ellen. She reached forward, and took his cock in her hand, guiding the head to her wet slit. She rubbed the head up and down her slit, covering it with her sex secretions and coating her clit with it. She slowly slipped the head of Mikey's cock into her tight hole, his cock head splitting apart her lips.

She sighed as Mikey pushed a couple of inches into her, pulled out, then thrust deeper, pulled back and then.., then his cock seemed to settle into her depths as he sank it into her to the root. Elaine gasped as his cock bottomed out in her vagina, and Mikey muttered, "Lord, she's as tight as a school girl..."

Robert could see his friend's ass clenching as he leaned down and sucked one of Ellen's engorged nipples into his mouth. She pulled her legs up until the calves rested alongside Mikey's hips. Impatient, she began a rocking motion with her hips, but Mikey wasn't ready to hump her yet. Mikey wiggled his ass, seating his cock even deeper into Ellen and Robert could see his balls sliding over Ellen's sweet ass, covering her asshole with his hairy scrotum. She wrapped her arms around his neck and her legs locked around his waist. Robert's cock was harder as he watched his friend's pole begin to slide slowly up, wet and shiny, from within Ellen's pussy.

Robert looked on in wonder as his friend began to pump in and out of Ellen faster and faster, they bodies slapping together, Mikey's ass opening and clenching each time he pulled back and shoved in. Robert got up from the chair and moved over to the bed to get a closer look. He'd never actually seen, in real life, people fucking. He had dreamed for years of seeing someone fucking his Ellen, but this was almost as good. He could see them moving, their hips pulling apart and coming together over and over and over again. He heard Mikey grunt softly each time he drove his large cock deep into Ellen, and he heard Ellen moaning with the pleasure of his rod moving within her.
