 On the rebound from a first gay relationship, a young guy settles down with a horny girlfriend and eventually gets his chance to explore his gay tendencies once again.





There are times when you are hurtling down the rail-road track that is life, the destination clearly visible and fate throws the points leaving you heading in another direction. It's not always possible to get back to the same set of points again. That's a little like my life and I need you to understand that before I tell the rest of this story.

I lived in a small Highland town in Scotland, not sure where I stood sexually but all my friends did the things I did. There was a mix of football, talking about girls, bragging about sex even though most of us had probably not experienced it. I had a best friend, Adrian and we had been as close as platonic friends could be, often staying at each other's houses through all our school years.

Though we started drinking before we should have, it was not until we had a fun night out with two girls on a double date that things changed. The night was all right, both of us hoping for more than a quick kiss and both girls determined that was all we were going to get. Adrian's parents were away to their time-share apartment in the Canary Islands but despite our best efforts, neither girl accepted the offer of an empty house and two horny guys.

We headed back ourselves and decided to start on Adrian's parents wine collection. In the early hours, and both slurring slightly we were talking about the proper way to snog girls with definite differences in technique.

Adrian, jokingly leaned over and took my jaw in his hand saying, "This is how it's done!"

His lips covered mine and his tongue entered my mouth where it darted around as his hands held me firmly in place and he forcefully started some serious kissing. I was startled at first but couldn't quite break free, however the warmth of his tongue and his quickening breath suggested this might be a little more than just drunken fun. My hand moved to his head and I forced him on to me even more fervently and before long any pretence of larking around disappeared. Soon he was lying on top of me his hard cock pressing against mine and we ended up having sex. There was no fucking but some serious sucking, kissing and eventually cumming.

His apology afterwards suggested it was just because he had been so frustrated but I had really enjoyed it and told him so. He blushed and admitted so had he. The relationship became a mix of "just lads together" and then approximately every two weeks, when the opportunity presented itself, we had sex. We moved on to trying anal and though I tried to fuck him he struggled to take it. I, however, managed to develop a technique to accept Adrian's seven inch dick. He even came inside me a few times which I loved.

We kept the relationship quiet and continued this odd love affair for just over a year before Adrian announced he had a girlfriend and the sex stopped almost immediately. There was one embarrassing oral session which ended in him cumming in my mouth and saying it would have to stop. We drifted apart after that, we nodded when we saw each other and that was about all.

I realised I probably loved Adrian and was a lost soul for some time before I met Trish. She was a fun loving girl who was almost a bit laddish. She drank with the best of us and partied until the wee small hours. Three months after meeting her, I fucked her for the first time. I stayed hard, I enjoyed it and she insisted I came on her face, unusual for a girl, I thought.

Trish had a small frame which made her breast look bigger than they actually were. Her bottom was rounded and was a treat to look at and she had stunning green eyes and dark auburn hair cut short.

In the first month or two, I discovered a really unusual trait in Trish, she liked looking at good looking guys and commenting on them.

"Wow look at the bum on him Robin. Wouldn't mind him pumping between my thighs. What do you think?"

I was just a little disconcerted at first but soon joined the game, pointing out rough looking labourers and suggesting they would leave her bruised after a good fucking. She seemed to relish in the game and, surprisingly, never played it in reverse, looking at girls for me to fuck in my head. Of course it turned me on being able to talk openly about good looking guys to my girlfriend and it was all harmless fun though our friends, when they overheard us once, thought we were weird.

"I think we should move to Glasgow Robin," said Trish one day around six months after we had met.

"Why?" said I.

"Cos we're vegetating here. There's no fun, no jobs and few friends. I'm a fun loving animal. What do you think?"

It took another four months to get it sorted. Trish, with medical training was first to get employed as a nurse but I wasn't far behind getting a job as an electrician with some builders. We rented a flat and moved South. Our nights out were rare but she continued her assessment of "eligible" men now that there were more to ogle.

One night when we were both home and feeling rather mellow, half-way through our second bottle of Orvieto Classico she surprised me when she said, "What would happen if one of those gorgeous guys did come on to me?"

I said, "Let me turn this around in that what would you do if one of these guys came on to you?"

"My answer's dependent on yours," she replied. "I get the funniest of feelings that you get a bit turned on thinking of these guys and me, and maybe also just thinking of these guys, full stop!"

"Trish what are you implying?" I said rather angrily.

"I think you would get as much out of it as I would," she said.

"So you do want to do something with one of them?" I asked.

"Maybe," was her reply.

I fucked Trish senseless that night even though neither of us mentioned the fantasy scenario which was almost definitely going through our heads.

I didn't know how to pimp for my girlfriend. Swingers sites worried me as I didn't really want sexual experts. I wanted a guy who wanted Trish and was happy to have me along as excess baggage so I could take a back seat and enjoy the show.

The first event was not as I had planned. We were out on a rather quiet Sunday night having a few drinks and decided to walk home. Taking a short cut across on a moderately lit footpath in a nearby park, two young guys, probably a year or two younger than us, were sitting on a bench and passed comments on Trish as we passed. The comments weren't actually threatening, more the result of a little too much beer.

"Nice bum darling," said one.

"Are you on a promise tonight mate? Lucky bugger" said the other.

Trish flashed a smile and said, "There's plenty to go around lads if you want to join in."

The look of incredulity on their faces was a joy.

"What do you mean?" said the brazen one.

"Well I'm horny and have plenty spare for an extra two pairs of hands," said Trish. "We're heading in there," she said pointing off into a dark area of shrub.

She pulled my hand and led me off the path, on to the grass and into the shrubbery.

"Kiss me," she commanded.

"Are you sure this is wise," I said as her lips met mine and my final words came out as a "mmmm."

I was shaking but soon had my hands on her breast with Trish against a tree. I lifted her skirt and started to finger her. She was wet, very wet. My cock started to head for it's full six and a half inches and she held me tight, her palms on my buttocks. I heard the snap of twigs and just caught the shapes of the two guys coming into the dark area. The pathway lights offered some lighting. They stood back but soon started to edge forward to get a clearer view. That's all Trish needed and started to unbuckle my jeans. They dropped at my feet and my tight shorts followed. Trish dropped to her knees and took my cock in her mouth. I looked and the guys were almost beside us watching my cock. That really turned me on.

Both guys unzipped and pulled out their cocks. The first guy, who looked about 19, had a long thin cock with foreskin which he pulled back and forth as he stroked. The second, shorter guy, probably about 18 or maybe also 19, has a short 6 incher but it seemed very thick. Both were wanking. Trish beckoned them over so we were in a ring around her. She took each cock in turn into her mouth and rubbed all three cockheads together as she did so. That almost mad me cum immediately and it took all my willpower not to shoot over the guys' cocks. They were quietly moaning as she sucked. There was the trunk of a fallen tree so Trish walked over, pulled off her panties and sat down, leaning back with her legs open. The taller guy was first there and started to lick her cunt.

"Oh yes, that's so good. You have a great tongue," she said. 

The second guy came over and opened her blouse, squeezing her tits through her bra. His left hand stroked his cock. I wanked beside them.

"Let's see you fuck her mate," said the taller of the two.

Trish stood and bent over against the fallen tree trunk. I shuffled forward as delicately as I could with my pants at my ankles and angled my cock to her cunt from the rear. It slid in very easily and I steadied myself by holding her hips and fucking.

"That's so fucking horny mate," said the 19 year old as he stood wanking his cock furiously.

Trish was panting now and the pair of us were like a couple of rutting dogs out here in the middle of a public park being watched by two young, straight hoods.

I had to pull out or I was going to cum and I felt at this point, it would not be the best idea.

"C'mon guys, take his place," said Trish.

I fumbled in my wallet for a couple of condoms I always carried as I didn't want her fucked bareback, though I had the very strong feeling that she was so hot she wouldn't have cared. Watching a straight young man stretch a condom on his cock is so erotic especially knowing he's going to fuck your girlfriend. The other prepared himself too and now both were standing behind her with erect cock waiting turn to gang bang her.

First in was the 19 year old who dropped his jeans fully and started to slide into her. His mate stood very closely behind him and I was at the side, all of us stroking our cocks. I slid my hand between them and he let me feel his cock slide into her, just for a few seconds before his humping against her arse made it slightly uncomfortable. Soon he was hammering her, his hands around her breasts and his mate stroking any part of her he could get to. I would estimate that the actual sex lasted around four minutes before he announced his imminent orgasm. It was noisy as he grunted, his spunk firing blindly into my girlfriend. He slid out and his load drooped at the end of the condom, a sizeable deposit. 

His mate was now on to her and his cock was stuffed into Trish making her yelp as it's extra girth pushed her open. He was a sturdier stud and his humping was much more steady and relaxed, his mouth nibbling at her neck as he mumbled how good a fuck she was. Trish was cumming, I figured for the second time. She was whimpering so much I could hardly tell her gasping from her orgasms.

He came moderately quickly too and once more, the cock was withdrawn and a drooping condom presented before being pulled off and dropped. After an embarrassed goodbye, the lads left us alone.

"Fuck me Robin and cum in me. Spread their cum on my arse."

I picked up the condoms and pushed my own cock into Trish. As I fucked I emptied them between us letting the still warm liquid from each condom trickle down her arse, over my cock and balls and some traces even slid in with my cock as I fucked her. I told Trish what was happening and she came again as I emptied my own cum inside her.

"That was fucking amazing," she said as she stood up and stuffing her panties into her bag, let the dress drop down over the cum on her arse. I assumed my own cum would be squishing it's way out as we walked and figured that's just what she wanted as we walked home.

Next day at the "post mortem," she told me that it had been one of the most exciting things she had ever done.

"Wouldn't you fancy doing something like that again Robin?" she asked.

"The sex was great," I said, "but we would need to be careful with whom, where and when."

"I know, I know," she said impatiently," but is WAS fun wasn't it."

I agreed and wondered if at any stage I might get my hands on a guy properly during one of these sessions.

For one reason or another nothing much happened for some months after. Either we hadn't time to search, Trish wasn't in the mood because of the time of the month or other problems and, to be honest, even when we went on the look out there were few opportunities. I had been searching some adult contact sites but we attracted some lonely weirdos or guys who assumed I was only joking about the "bi" part and wanted me alone. I kept wanking and fantasising and Trish and I kept fucking but nothing happened.

Summer holidays were due and we had planned a couple of weeks in Palma Nova, Mallorca. It was a resort just a short distance away from the notorious Magaluf but the hotel we had picked was a four star one so we hoped to be apart from the den of iniquity that is Magaluf. The location proved to be fine though we did have a few small same sex groups who, though they were staying a little further out, were still delving into the night life.

We took a trip into the main strip but even at our age, actually felt old. It seemed to be a seething mass of 18-30's on their first holiday without mum and dad and were looking for sex but were so drunk 90% of the time had little chance of ever actually achieving it. Some cute lad and lassies mind you but the search to actually get one wouldn't have been worth the catch.

It was day three and I had left Trish by the pool to go out and book a restaurant for dinner I came back and went first to the pool bar for a beer when I overheard two guys discussing her as they sat by the bar and looked over to her by the pool. Without going into the actual detail in "men talk," basically they were attracted to her maturity which at twenty-four was a bit of a joke, and the fact that they suggested she might "fuck like a rabbit."

I decided to hang around and listened, watching as the two of them constantly adjusted the front of their swim shorts as they talked. The guys were not stunning model-types but I put them at between 18 and 19. The taller was around six feet tall and well built with the obligatory tattoos on his pectorals and arms. He was a fit looking guy with the shadow of a beard and well-built body. His immediate sidekick was Oriental, shorter by three inches and slimmer too. He had jet black hair hair and pale skin. His body was less defined but he was "pretty" rather than manly. 

I leaned forward as they continued to fantasise what they would do to her and casually said, "She does fuck like a rabbit, I assure you."

They both looked at me with a slightly bemused and horrified gaze.

"I fortunately fuck her nightly and she is so bloody horny she is almost too much for me."

The Oriental one started an apology but I stopped him with one finger over his lips.

"Do you get my drift guys? I would love some help in keeping her happy either just one of you, or both of you if you fancy it."

"You want us to fuck your girlfriend, one after the other?"

"Ssh," I said. "At the moment I only want us us to fuck her, not half the hotel. Mind you, that might be fun too."

They were stumped but I quickly changed the subject asking them how long they were here, what they had been up to and how much success they had been having. It seemed my assumption of "all alcohol and no sex," was not far off the mark as I was given stories of near conquests.

"I can offer you Trish, in our room, in the afternoon, before you get too drunk, and you can fuck her brains out right there in front of me. All I need is to get in close and watch the action, maybe have a poke at her too when you've got her good and stretched. What do you think?"

The guys looked at each other, looked at me, looked at Trish, then nodded.

"Room 330, this afternoon at four. Make sure you lads are showered and clean and I'll get some beers in to relax you."

By the time I managed to reach Trish to tell her, the guys had gone so I was left with giving her a description of each.

"Is this what you wanted?" I asked her.

"Wow, and more," she said.

By four we were cleaned and sitting, partially dressed, on the balcony. It was nearer ten past when there was a gentle knock on the door and I went to answer. Both guys were standing there in shorts, looking sheepish. 

"Is it still on? "the tall one said.

"We will if you will," I said.

I held the door open to welcome them in just in case anyone was listening and as they walked through, each held out a hand and I was introduced properly to Jeremy, and Tim, the Oriental guy.

Trish bounced over and held out her hand, "Hi guys, I'm Trish, so nice of you to come and hopefully more than once!"

They smiled and shyly sat down. The lads were in shorts and I opened some beers. All were grabbed quickly. Now they had something to do with their hands they relaxed.

"Anyone want some help?"" I asked holding out some of my valuable Viagra stock in my hand.

"Is that what I think it is?" said shy boy Tim.

"It sure is and it'll give you a cock stiff enough to hammer nails."

They grabbed a pill and washed it down with beer. My valuable stock was diminished and I hoped I was going to get my money's worth.

We made small talk but it was Jeremy who cut to the chase.

"So this is your gorgeous girlfriend and you're going to get off watching us fuck her brains out?"

I nodded, "And hopefully I'll get to play as well."

It was Tim who looked at me slightly quizzically not sure whether I meant I got to play with Trish or I expected them to play with me. He looked back and forth and I caught him adjusting his cock in his shorts.

"I wonder," I thought.

"I love her, she loves exciting sex, I love seeing her enjoying herself and I like enjoying myself. It's a win, win as far as I'm concerned."

Jeremy started talking again.

"Well there's four of us are here on holiday and, to be honest, drink has been great, the girls have been fun but it feels like there's a nun's convention on. As soon as you make a play, the birds turn into Mother Teresa and beat a hasty retreat. Neither of us have every done anything in the same room so this will be a bit odd for us but we share a room here so it's nothing we ain't seen of each other and, to be honest, if I don't use it soon, it's going to drop off!

Trish piped up, "I so look forward to helping you, both of you to use it! Let's leave all our inhibitions outside and do what we feel like, do what we want to. I'm so hot you could fry an egg on me."

She stood up and stripped off right down to her little white briefs. We had a one bedroom suite so the bedroom was separate to the sitting area. She walked up and down in front of the them and eventually stopped right in front of Jeremy. His hand tentatively reached out and curled around her right buttock pulling her towards him. He put his large lips on her belly and kissed it before gently pulled her pants off leaving her naked in front of three dressed men. His lips dropped to her mound and he kissed her carefully shaved pubic area, his tongue licking out and down towards her vagina.

I stood up and slid my shorts down, pulling off my t-shirt and finally dropping my briefs. My own seven inches sprung up and I saw Tim look at it. Being naked and hard in front of heterosexual men excited me enormously. Seeing heterosexual men on heat also excited me too and I stroked my cock as I watched Jeremy at work.
