 Chapter One 

Couples draped across each other, hips thrusted and skin glistened. The musky scent of wet thighs and dripping cock set the mood. Laughter groaned as the soundtrack of the night.

Flutters erupted low in my belly. I smoothed the thin black dress down my hips and tried to ignore the tremble in my hands. Noisy bars were not my usual scene. Friday nights were spent buried in medical journals or finishing a double shift at the hospital, not wearing sexy lingerie and prowling through a crowd of strangers. Eyes roamed over the swell bursting from my low-cut neckline, and I resisted the urge to cover myself. I was more comfortable in hospital scrubs. 

A snort of laughter puffed out of my nose. I smacked a palm to my face and darted my eyes around the bar, making sure no one heard me. Wearing scrubs is not going to get you what you want, Avril.

He was here somewhere, waiting to tease me, torture me and make me want to do things that cause my cheeks to blush. Luke was the reason I spent a week's salary on black lace.

My eyes floated from one unrecognizable face to another, and a sick feeling churned in my gut. What if he didn't come?

My shoulders tensed and my eyes darted faster, landing on a pair of dark eyes watching me from a shadowed corner. A sea of bodies rocked between us as Luke's gaze scorched a path down my chest and over the curve of my hip. He was here.

Any anxiety I felt melted away and I was glad not to be a doctor for a moment. I was just a girl about to get exactly what she wanted.

That familiar spark crackled down low, fueling the embers that flickered to life whenever Luke was near. He pressed a glass to his lips. Amber liquid swirled at the bottom before disappearing down his throat. His tongue darted out, catching a stray drop and savoring the taste.

Sweat prickled my neck, and my heart beat with an erratic rhythm. I flicked my tongue, mimicking the movement. What would Luke taste like — salty or sweet? My eyes dropped to his thighs, and I rolled my tongue, imagining his salty taste. A moan tightened my throat. Holding out was proving harder than I thought.

We had been playing this game for three years now, drawing the other in with heated glances and accidental touches. We pushed each other to the edge but refused to take the first to jump. Taking that leap would have been reckless. I couldn't do it, not when there was so much at stake.

Things were different now.

Years of pent up desire needed to be eased. But Luke was as confident as he was sexy and too used to getting his way. Not this time. 

A bet made it easy. We could pretend it was a game, and deny that we felt like combusting around each other. 

One week without sex, self-indulgence included, as we teased each other mercilessly. 

If I could resist his seductive charm, the prize was a marathon session of fucking so hard I would be raw and aching for days. Give in, and the punishment was tasting every inch of Luke's delectable cock. After imagining every line and ridge so many times alone in bed, giving in would hardly be a punishment.

My fingers stroked the line of fabric stretched tight across my chest. Hard buds greeted me, eager to be free and feel the warmth of Luke's mouth envelop them.

His eyes flared and followed my fingertips.

My back arched, an unconscious invitation to look, to touch. The temptation to give in, drop to my knees and take him in my mouth, was almost overwhelming. I forced my body to turn away and my unwilling eyes to trace a lazy path across the crowded bar. Two more days.

Short, sandy hair and a familiar face caught my attention. William moved on the dance floor, hands roaming over the guy rubbing against him. His head titled back as he laughed and his eyes floated over the crowd, settled on someone behind me. Luke.

In the three years I had known Luke, he always grinned that toe-curling smile, and described sex as sex no matter who he fucked. His bed had never been empty and William was one of many.

Maybe that's why I let William touch me after my world collapsed. It was a way to be close to Luke without crossing that line. But the line didn't matter anymore, I was ready to jump.

His brow pinched together and his eyes followed an invisible trail to me. The corner of William's lips tugged up and his gaze slid down my body in a slow, careful study. 

Heat rushed up my spine and pimpled my skin. William had given me that look once before as he jerked his cock and watched his sticky seed dribble from my chin. He took more than he gave, but it was enough to let me forget.

For a little while.

Luke purred in my ear, the smell of scotch mixing with the desire rolling off him. "You need to stay away from William."

Shivers tickled up and down my spine. I tilted my head, and my pulse leaped, only millimeters from Luke's lips. "Afraid I will fuck him?"

Luke moved closer, the fever radiating from his chest curving around my back like a warm embrace. He was so close I could almost touch him. "You'll lose if you do."

Luke's nose brushed the sensitive skin beneath my ear. "Do you want him?"

His fingers danced across my neck then slid into my thick curls and tugged. The burn forced a gasp from my parted lips. "I could watch William spread your legs and see that lovely pussy all hot and greedy."

Adrenaline boiled in my veins, and a heaviness bloomed inside my chest until my breasts were full and my nipples tight. My toes curled inside the black heels, locking me in place as I resisted the urge to grind my ass against Luke's thighs.

He sensed my need and thrust his hips against my dress, nestling his solid length on my cheeks. "But William's cock isn't why your pussy is dripping. Is it?"

I shook my head.

Wide palms gripped my hips, anchoring my body. The sharp edge of Luke's belt buckle scratched at my dress as his hips rocked in long strokes. "You're wet," he moaned against my shoulder. "I can smell it."

His words electrified my thighs, and the tiny bud swelled with each thrust. My eyes drifted closed and focused on Luke and the hard cock rubbing a slow, teasing pace against me. 

"Fuck," Luke growled. 

I could feel my resistance slipping. My hand curled around his neck, forcing his lips closer to my skin. I wanted to feel every inch of my body pressed against his. I was going to give in. I was going to lose the bet.

Dim lighting hid our bodies as we rocked together, so close. Luke's hand slid over my arm, dropped to my heaving chest and slipped beneath the fabric. 

Hot fingers engulfed my breast and squeezed as his thumb flicked the sensitive tip.

A quiver of longing shot down my spine and moisture pooled between my thighs, soaking my panties. My lips parted, and a sigh of relief whispered up my throat. After three long years, Luke's hands were finally on me.

Fingers squeezed and pinched. Luke seemed to know that we wouldn't be caught, or didn't care.

My back pressed into his chest harder, grinding against every solid inch of him.

He pushed himself away, and empty air surrounded me. I cried out, startled at the sudden loss.

"You need to leave." Luke's words barely left his lips before my wrist was in his grip. He stormed toward the exit, dragging me behind him.

The door cracked against the wall and we burst into the night. Luke raised his arm into traffic. A yellow cab pulled up beside us, and he reached for the door.

Blood thundered in my ears. I yanked my wrist free and scowled at him. "What the hell is happening here?"

Luke shoved both hands into the shaggy mess of curls on his head and cursed under his breath. "You're driving me crazy."

The churning in my gut slowed but an erratic beat rattled my heart against my ribs. "Wasn't that the point? Meet at a bar. Tease each other until one of us gave in." Puffs of white filled the air between us as his eyes dropped to my lips, his mouth so close. Tension mounted as his mouth dropped toward me. "Are you forfeiting?"

Green twinkled in his eyes and one brow arched. "I don't lose."

A buzz of excitement hummed through my veins and one cheek puffed as my lips curled into a sly smirk. "Neither do I."

Luke's arms caged around me and my back flattened against the cold metal door. His lips were full and slightly parted. They hovered so close to mine I could taste his breath. Was Luke going to kiss me? Was he going to admit defeat and lick my pussy until I cried out?

My clit twitched in anticipation. I pressed my thighs together and rubbed, but it didn't help the desperation clawing at me from the inside. I needed to ease this ache. Soon.

Luke shoved himself away from the cab. "You're a minx. I'm going to enjoy watching those big blue eyes water as I stuff my cock in your mouth."

My spine shivered and my eyes widened. I bit my lip, the submission hovering on the tip of my tongue. But Luke looked desperate, closer to the edge, ready to fall with one touch.

I carefully eased the hem of my dress up and slid one finger under the elastic of my panties, coating the tip with my sweet scent. I lifted the wet finger to Luke, hovering it below his nose. "Don't you want a taste?"

His eyes closed and his nostrils flared. He locked his jaw and clenched his fist. Was he trying to stay in control?

I grinned and shoved the finger into my mouth, dragging it over my lips and out with a pop. The musky taste burst on my tongue and I bit back the moan. A wild recklessness begged me to give in, to drop to my knees and swallow every drop of Luke's salty cream. But I could sense Luke's need was as desperate as my own. Luke Reynolds, who could have anyone he wanted, was struggling not to beg me to fuck him.

A giggle bubbled in my chest. His submission would make my climax that much sweeter but I had to leave before I stripped off my dress and begged him first.

My fingers curled around the handle of the cab door and clicked it open. I scrambled onto the seat, away from Luke, the plea sitting heavy in my throat.

Luke's eyes snapped open and snaked to me, fluorescent green and scorching my skin. His dark-haired head leaned into the passenger window. He gave my address to the driver and handed him a one-hundred dollar bill. Luke's eyes caught mine again, and I could feel the promises in his stare with every throb between my thighs.

The cab driver nodded, his eyes finding mine in the rearview mirror as he pulled away. 

Luke's invitation to watch William fuck me filtered through my thoughts. But it wasn't the idea of Luke watching me with someone else that had my blood pressure rising. Fantasizing about watching Luke with a guy always got me to the crest quicker.

I shifted on the seat, and my eyes darted to the front of the cab. The driver was focused on traffic, oblivious to the musky scent sticking to my inner thighs. I pressed a palm to the hem of my dress. My fingers were so close to that tiny bud. I wanted to touch it, just once. Would that forfeit the bet?

Had Luke touched himself? Had he pictured my lips and tugged at his cock?

My throat bobbed. It would be so easy to slide one finger into my folds and rock myself to release without anyone knowing.

Anticipation forced a slow, uneven breath from my lungs. I parted my legs slowly, keeping my eyes focused on the driver's attention. The tips of my fingers curled at the hem of my dress and brushed across my thighs. Nails danced across the smooth flesh, swirling in a slow, delicate pattern. The urge to push my fingers higher overtook me. I was going to lose the bet.

The memory of Luke's hot mouth so close to my skin and his hard length pressed against my ass haunted me. My insides coiled tight like I was hanging on the edge, ready to ignite with one flick. I didn't care about winning or losing right now. I needed to come.

My fingertips slipped closer to that ache, and my eyes rolled. I squeezed my lips together and pressed them to my shoulder to muffle the groan. Scotch and aftershave tickled my nose. I breathed in and the woodsy scent spurred some familiar memory, but my fingers teased and the thought was lost. Nails dragged along the elastic edge of my panties and pulled. I bit my lip and let two fingers plunge. Moist heat engulfed them, and my muscles clenched, hungry for more. 

The coil in my belly tugged until it threatened to burst in an exquisite release. I wasn't going to last long.

My nipples pebbled, and the black lace I had brought for Luke scratched at the tips until they hurt. I gripped the strap of my dress and yanked it and the bra to the side. A sigh of relief spilled from my mouth as the crisp evening air soothed my sensitive breasts.

Leather creaked and air hissed. I looked up and into two full glistening eyes staring at me through the rearview mirror. The driver was watching me.

Embarrassment ripped up my neck like lightning, and a panicked gasped choked my lungs. My hand stilled. What was I doing?

I yanked my wrist backward and tried to pull the fingers free. The movement flicked my nails across my clit and caused my thighs to spasm. My mouth dropped open, and a moan pushed up my throat. I couldn't resist as my fingers plunged.

My neck rolled from side to side, and my eyes closed, imagining that it was Luke's thick cock piercing me. I was desperate to fuck him, taste him. My wrist worked an uneven rhythm, thrusting my fingers in and out. Juices pooled in my palm and dripped down my inner thighs. I plucked at the exposed nipple. The burn shot straight to my core and the wall of muscle gripped my fingers, sucking them even tighter.

Desperation prickled every inch of my skin. White dots blurred my vision. I pinched and pushed, sending a spiral of lust twisting into an uncontrollable frenzy. The back of my head pressed harder into the seat. I couldn't hold back the moan this time.

A deeper, raspier sound filled the small space. My eyes shot open as my body convulsed, drawing the orgasm closer.

The car had stopped and the driver arched around the seat, his eyes hooded and trained on my fingers. His lips parted, and his chest heaved. One set of knuckles whitened against the steering wheel. The other gripped the small dick jutting out of his open fly. Skin slapped against skin and the driver threw his head back and grunted. Streams of cum shot from the tiny slit and coated the steering wheel in white ribbons.

My fingers curled, looking for that sweet spot, and rubbed. My control shattered and my hips jerked, as waves of relief washed over me.

The cab driver slumped over the steering wheel, his back rising with each shaky intake of air.

I blew out a breath, and Luke's sexy, self-satisfied smirk broke into my moment of bliss. He would guide me to my knees and open my mouth with his cock once he learned that I broke the rules and forfeited the bet. My lips curled into a lazy, satisfied grin. It was worth it.

I pulled out my phone and snapped a photo of my fingers glistening between my thighs and pressed Luke's name. An unopened text was waiting for me. 

Luke's swollen cock engulfed the screen, fist curled around it and cum dripping from the tip. I need you. 

It was time stamped ten minutes ago. Luke forfeited first.

I bit my nails and resisted the urge to squeal. I hit reply and forwarded my picture. My place. One hour.

I climbed out of the car and winked at the driver before slamming the door. Moisture pooled on the base of my tongue and I rolled it across the roof of my mouth. It didn't matter that I won: I planned on swallowing every inch of Luke's cock until I gagged.

Chapter Two

Sweat prickled the back of my neck. I bunched brown curls in my fist and fanned my blazing skin. Ten more minutes until I found out what Luke tasted like.

God, I wanted him to touch them. I threw my head back, arched my neck and scratched a nail down my throat. My fingers spread wide and cupped one breast, teasing the bud until it puckered beneath the dress. I should take it off, open the door naked and watch Luke fall to his knees.

My thighs quivered as my body hovered on the cusp of intensity, ready to dive off the edge with his touch. I yearned to give up control, let him walk in here and take over. His hands looked sure, his eyes disarming. The cocky smirk gave off a confidence that promised he was the definition of pleasure.

A scandalous fantasy played in my thoughts. Would Luke let me watch him fuck a guy? Swallow another man's cock the way I planned to deep throat his?

My skin blazed as I pictured Luke guiding his thick shaft down a man's throat. The fire instantly cooled. The bet was a one-off. I wanted Luke one time, no more. It was better that way. I couldn't risk spending too much time with him.

Empty walls caught my attention, the paint faded in squares where frames used to hang. My chest pinched for a moment then clenched tight. Tonight was supposed to be about forgetting the past and taking what I want.

Luke.

I blew out a calming breath and dropped my hair to let the silky curls fall down my back. Both palms smoothed the dress down my hips. I had been waiting a long time for Luke's touch, and I wanted to savor it. The dress wasn't going anywhere. Yet.

I walked to the kitchen, popped the cork off a bottle of wine and watched the decadent red splash into the glass. My body wanted Luke, and I planned to take everything from him tonight. No waiting, no shy, nervous Avril. She died one heartbreak ago.

I pressed a thumb to my ring finger, to the band that wasn't there anymore. My jaw hardened, and I pressed the glass to my lips. I was going to let Luke touch me the way I wanted him to when we first met three years ago.

William had filled the void one lonely night, but he didn't make me secretly crave his touch for three long years. I turned on my phone and scrolled to Luke's number. I need you. Those three words caused my chest to spasm. I closed the phone and dropped it to the kitchen counter, not sure I wanted to investigate what the spasm meant.

A knock rapped against my door. Once. Confident that I would be listening, expecting, waiting.

Nervous energy vibrated through my veins. Was I really going to do this? Was I going to fuck Luke?

The glass brushed against my thigh as my feet slapped onto the wooden floor. Hairs tightened on the back of my neck. I swallowed the nervous lump in my throat and opened the door.

Luke stood before me, black curls bouncing on his forehead, highlighting his soft green eyes. He had changed; a white button-down shirt, rolled at the sleeves, and jeans replaced the suit. My eyes dropped to his crotch. Did he make a mess while forfeiting the bet?

My lips twitched, and I bit back the smile.

His thighs bunched and he walked toward me, one foot then the other until he was inches from my body. One hand moved behind him, closing the door and locking it without taking his eyes from mine.

The fresh scent of soap and woodsy aftershave washed over me, causing a tremor in my spine. A fervor of want sizzled through my veins, threatening to flush my skin from cream to red and expose my body's need for Luke.

He reached for the glass, brushing my fingertips. A current zapped from my finger to my thighs and inflamed the little bud.

Luke pressed the glass to his mouth and tilted his head back. His lips puffed and his throat bobbed like he was savoring the taste. The inner line of his bottom lip stained a dark red. I wanted to lean over and lick it clean.

His tongue darted out, sliding across the same spot as his eyes studied me. One brow arched and his lips curled at the sides like he was waiting for something.

Did he expect me to jump on him? My stomach clenched at the thought, and my thighs twitched, ready to wrap around him. But my lips mimicked his, curling on one side. Luke would be waiting a long time. I won the bet. I dictated the terms, and I wasn't about to let him know that I was one touch away from caving.
