 Alli and Jay had been going out for months, always together and completely inseparable. They were sharing a coffee in the local café just talking, laughing and enjoying their closeness. Just about everything was discussed and the topic of sex as usual, came up. They had both tried just about everything together sexually and were completely open in regards to each other's fantasies. 

The topic of a threesome was instigated by Jay telling Alli that he couldn't dream of a better fantasy. Alli shared the belief and suggested a friend of hers Alex. Jay's eyes lit up in hearing the suggestion, he said, "when, where and why not now?" Alli laughed and said she would organize it for that night as long as Alex was available. Not much more was said for the remainder of the day, both thinking and grinning in anticipation for that night's prospective encounter.

The night came around quick enough and Jay, as arranged arrived at Alli's house right on time. A grin from ear to ear accompanied his face. Alli welcomed him in and sat him down. On cue Alex came out from the kitchen and sat down with them. Alli said, 

"Jay this is the friend I was telling you about." Alex grinned and offered his hand to shake. 

Jay looked somewhat shocked, but took his hand and said, "pleased to meet you Alex." Turning to Alli and said, "ummm I thought Alex your friend was a girl." 

Alli and Alex laughed. Alli turned to Jay and said "you better not back out on me now!" 

Jay, his mind swimming for an answer just nodded and shook his head at the same time. "I guess I did say I would," he murmured.

After the initial shock, combined with some inner courage based on an abundance of alcohol, the party retired to the bedroom. Alli disrobed first, seductively throwing her shirt and skirt in the corner, leaving her standing there in her matching black satin bra and panties, sheer garter belt and stockings. Alex was hot on her heals tossing his tshirt and jeans in the middle of the floor leaving just his tight fitting boxers on. Jay followed suit a little slower, first unbuttoning his shirt discarding it and then edging his jeans off. 

Alli walked up to Jay and edged his boxers down over his ass as she planted a deep passionate kiss on him, slipping her tongue inside his mouth searching out his. Jay responded and pushed his boxers the remainder of the way to the floor before stepping out of them and embracing his girlfriend. Alex needing no further urging, he began to remove his underwear in record time. Alli and Jay broke their embrace as Jay caught a glimpse of Alex's Cock for the first time. His eyes gazing at its perfectness. He just stood there unable to take his eyes away from it, he was fascinated. 

Alex just smiled to himself and sidled up to Alli cupping one of her breasts, pulling back the material of her bra as he lashed out with his tongue at her now erect nipples. Jay followed suit unhooking her bra and taking the other nipple in his mouth as her bra fell to the floor. Rolling his tongue around its firmness. Both men were doing their best to be as gentle as possible flicking the nipples with their tongues. Jay edged his hand behind Alli and lightly squeezed her ass before proceeding to rub at the satin covered flesh, taking in its silky texture. Alex also looking for something to occupy his hands brought up his finger tips and started to brush at the outside of Allis now swollen lips, he too feeling the satiny material on her flesh. 

Alli was now starting to feel a little light headed, she closed her eyes and opened her lips a fraction. Alex moving his attention to her neck, taking in the scent of her perfume as he nuzzled and kissed her flesh. Jay dropped to his knees putting his fingers in either side of Alli's panty waistband bringing them down with him to the floor. Turning his attention briefly he saw that he had Alex's cock staring directly at him. Not knowing what possessed him, he reached up and placed his hand upon it, holding it, feeling its warmth, and feeling it start to grow in his grasp. Without even thinking, he took the head in his mouth and with a delicate grip of his lips starting to run his tongue on the under side of it. Alex moaned loudly, causing Alli to open her eyes, just in time to see her boyfriend with an ever-expanding cock in his mouth. 

Jay began to make an up and down motion on Alex's cock, sucking and running his tongue around it, taking it in his mouth an inch or two and then withdrawing it slightly before returning the downward motion. By this time Alex's cock had grown to its full size giving Jay ample room to place his hand around it and begin a pumping motion. Alli decided to drop to her knees joining Jay at the junction of Alex's legs, kissing her boyfriends neck and beginning to massage his now erect cock. 

Alex was feeling incredibly turned as he placed his hand in Jay's hair and began to push and pull at his head in time with his sucking motion. Alli had her head in her boyfriends lap, taking his cock in her mouth, knowing that he loved the way she sucked it. She reached behind him to drag her nails through the skin on his buttocks. This continued for a while until Alex pulled back enough for his cock to bob free of Jay's mouth looking at him saying " now let me return the favour." 

The trio all stood up together, Jay lay on the bed, Alli made her way up to straddle Jay's face as Alex knelt on the floor, leaning over the bed to grab hold of Jay's furiously throbbing cock. Jay slid his tongue into Alli as she settled down on his face. Smelling her sweetness as he reached up to pinch at her nipples, working his tongue in and out of her juicy pussy. 

Alli let out a groan as she felt Jay`s tongue flicking at her clit. Alex had now taken Jay`s cock deep in his mouth and was all but getting Jay's pubic hair tickling his nose on the downward stroke. Jay groaned his approval deep inside of Alli while she looked on at the sight of another man sucking her boyfriend's cock, getting even more aroused at the picture before her. Not before long Alli screamed out her first orgasm. Jay's tongue working in deeper to accentuate her rapture, feeling her juices trickling down his cheeks. Alex now removed Jay's cock from his mouth and started licking at his balls pumping his cock in his hand. 

Up and down, up and down tickling Jay`s skin with the tip of his tongue. Alli's pussy, now glistening with the remains of her first cum for the night craved cock and she was going to get some. She stood up, moved down the bed and straddled her boyfriends cock forcing Alex to take a back seat. 

Jay's cock slid in with ease, Alli's lips meeting at the base of his cock immediately. She got on her knees , her ass exposed pumping up and down on top of Jay. Alex, not one to miss out on an opportunity placed his finger in his mouth moistening it before placing it in Alli's ass forcing her to let out a little squeak as she plunged back down on Jay's cock . Jay meeting her stroke for stroke getting optimum depth. Alex started to piston his finger in Alli's ass doing his best to follow Alli's up and down movements. Alli's pace had now quickened, feeling Jay's cock scraping her clit bringing her closer to a second orgasm.

Jay himself could feel his desire surging towards climax. Alex had now slipped to the end of the bed behind Alli working his finger in and out of her ass watching as Jay came close to orgasm. Jay`s breathing picked up pace as he started to feel the first stages of orgasm coming on. He pushed up to meet Alli emptying the contents of his balls deep inside of her and letting out a loud groan as he did so. 

Alli still not having cum the second time, looked back at Alex motioning him with her eyes to take over where Jay had left off. Not hesitating and with Jay sliding out of Alli now somewhat spent, Alex inserted the head of his cock in Alli's dripping pussy. Pushing forward right to the base, forcing her to grimace slightly as it entered. She pulled forward a bit before backing her ass cheeks up until they were flush with his pelvis. Alex not wanting to miss out began pumping in and out of Alli hard. His balls slapping her body on inward thrusts. Jay had regained composure and was still hard as a rock reaching down to rub his girlfriends clit bringing her even closer to orgasm. Alex now pumping furiously was starting to feel the throws of orgasm himself. 

At that moment Alli screamed out her second orgasm for the evening, taking Alex's manhood deep inside her. Almost simultaneously on the end of Alli's orgasm Alex pulled his cock out of her with his hand, pumping it with lightening speed, as it squirted what seemed like an enormous amount of cum on Alli's. He too groaned as he emptied every last drop on Alli's back watching as some of the load dribbled down her ass crevice and dripped from her lips. 

The trio now exhausted all struggled to get to their feet, helping each other to wipe and clean the remnants of the evening's sex off one another. 

Alex turned to Jay winked and said "thanks." 

Jay responded with a " well I guess you never know until you've tried it!" smiled and shook Alex's hand and said "until next time" returning the wink.