 Jane looked down between her open legs and saw her son's cock covered with his cum and so were her hips, belly and thighs. She looked at his cock and could see the last of his cum drip off the tip of his cock head. The shaft of Bobby's cock was covered with her pussy wetness making it shine. 

Bobby moves to the side of the bed and out from between his mother's open thighs after pumping a huge load of his cum into his mother's tight beautiful pussy hole. 

Tom was the next guy up to fuck her and he moved in-between her thighs immediately. Bobby watched as Tom held his hard cock in his hand and pushes the head into Jane's open, cum dripping pussy. His cock moved into her body without any problem. He lifted her legs up like before and began to fuck her hard. 

As Tom moves in and out of her pussy, Jane looked around the room quickly and sees each of the other men waiting to have his turn. They stroke their cocks watching as Tom moves in and out of her well lubricated pussy.

As her body was being ripped hard by the man fucking her, she could feel his hard cock throbbing inside her. Tom doesn't seem to care that her pussy has been filled with cum from her son's cock only minutes before he entered her. He drills her beautiful body like a piece of meat and this seems to turn Jane on even more. Only sex is on his mind and he fucks Jane hard.

Only sex is on her mind, and she wants to cum. He wants her to cum and he needs to cum too, badly. They work together to achieve their mutual goals.

Jane loves it and all she can do is feel her next orgasm building and building inside her as Tom begins to rub her clit with his fingers as his dick rams in and out of her body. She arches her back and lifts her ass up as the orgasm sweeps over her and she feels Tom begin to empty his nuts into her pussy. His warm, wet, thick, white cum continues to pumps into her body. 

God how Jane loves the feeling as shot after shot of this man's wonderful cum leaves his cock and enters Jane's cunt. It fills her pussy up again.

After the second cock has fucked her for a long time and released another surge of heavy thick cum seed into her body, Tom pulls out and offers Jane's body to the next man. She can feel the huge amount of cum that has been deposited by the first two cocks in her well fucked vagina. It again begins to leaks and then drips out of her pussy hole and begin to run down between the cracks of her ass. It forms a small puddle under it. 

The sex has been wild, lustful, and so good, so far, but Jane wants more, needs more.

The sex and fun breeding has been going on for over an hour now and Jane's brain and body has enjoyed it so much. She has now surrendered totally to the men and their throbbing cocks as they stand around the room slowly stroking them. 

Instead of fighting the fucking and sucking, Jane knows she is going to get more. She is hungry for more now. She is looking forward to the next cock stuffing her cunt hole. Her lust is as strong as any man's in the room.

As they all stand around her, watching her, all eyes are looking at her body, seeing how her body is holding up. They can see the lust in Jane's eyes now for the sex. There is no denying it. Jane's nipples are rock hard, red and needing to be touched sucked loved! Her pussy is throbbing and gapping open as she sees their faces and all eyes on it.

Jane let her thighs stay open; showing the men her raw used sex. She wants them to hunger, to lust for her as much as she does for their dicks. There's no more fighting it, no more struggling by her to be free or to stop them from using their cocks to fill any and all of her holes. Jane actually wants it now. She wants to sample all of their cocks and feel them cum inside her! She looks up almost begging for someone to fill her cunt hole again and do it fast. Jane sits up for a minute waiting for the next cock.

Bonnie rubs her friend's back and neck and sees them all watching her do it. She can feel all the wetness between her thighs and her brain tells her to tell them. She should demand them to fuck her more! And then two hands take Jane's shoulders and slowly and very gently lay her back again on the bed. She doesn't fight it and actually spread her legs as crudely as she can. 

Bonnie uses her fingers and gaps open Jane's outer pussy lips wide showing Jane's pink cum covered insides. Bonnie smile up at them all and asked: "Who's next?"

Jane was given a drink and actually looking forward to the next cock to give her pleasure. She feel one begin to tap her nose and the side of her face as it moves over her cheek and touches her mouth. It's Paul. Paul is the guy with the biggest cock out of all of the men. The cock head begins to push against and enters her mouth. As she opens her mouth as Paul kneels next to her head as she starts to suck it. 

Jane looks up and sees this beautiful cock and the man smiling down at her. He pushes the head of his velvet cock head against her lips and Jane smiles as she opens her mouth. He enters her mouth and as Jane begins to suck she feels the next cock enter her pussy. It's Mike and he has penetrated her pussy fully with his hard cock. All three moan.

Mike is not beautiful or handsome but he is very muscular and has a very nice body. He is about 30 and his stomach looks hard and his shoulders are wide and his arms! Oh God his arms look like he could lift her up and carry her around the room for hours as he fucked Jane!

His eyes and hair are brown and he has a huge dark tan body but his cock is normal size, about 6 or 7 inches. It's nice and thick, and it will do just fine! As long as Jane has a cock in her she really doesn't care who it is or how big or long it is as long as it can last and make her cum again!

If he was the first man to enter her pussy, she might have felt more. But now her cunt has been stretched from those two dicks before him. But, the idea of fucking a new cock is very exciting to her! Mike moves into her with one long slow push, and as he does, Jane lifts her pelvis up off the bed as he shoves his dick into her hole. Jane can feel him but it's not like he's ripping her hole apart. 

Mike has an extremely nice easy technique, a very good sexual movement. As he begins to move in and out of her hole it's very nice having her pussy walls rubbed by his wide cock head and Jane begins to relax more and more, she concentrates now on sucking Paul's cock in her mouth. 

A

s Jane enjoys the cock in her cunt fucking her, she can feel the pleasure building already towards a new orgasm. As Mike moves in and out of her body, she want to see the dick moving in and out of her cunt, but the cock in her mouth is blocking her and stopping her from lifting up enough to see it. 

With each movement in or out of her pussy, Jane's pleasure builds, nice and slow and gentle. But, she can feel he is moving faster and pushing harder now. She can see his skin around his face beginning to glassine as he works hard on her.

In and out, both cocks move into her body and then out again, one in her mouth and one in her pussy. She smiles up at Bonnie who is watching! 

In and out, both move together with the same motion. 

Jane's body loves how it feels to be fucked as she sucks and licks the cock fucking her mouth like the cock fucking her cunt. The thrill of it sweeps over her and she cums, hard! The men now untied her completely and she can lift up and fuck Mike back. 

In and out, Jane is free to move and work with the guys doing her. She arches and her hips lift up now to meet the thrusts of the Mike fucking down into her. Her hands hold the man's big arms as he pumps into her with a much stronger need now. He quickens his pace more and more moving his dick harder and harder as he begins to ram it into Jane's cunt's tunnel. But the harder he thrusts the more Jane loves it because his dick is rubbing the walls of her pussy faster and faster. She cums again and moans out as she sucks Paul's cock harder too. 

In and out, another man uses his hand and fingers and begins to stroke Jane's clit hood, pinching, squeezing, and rubbing it. The touch of her clit drives her wild and she loses control and has to use her hips and ass to begin to fuck Mike's cock back hard, fast and wild. She can see the smile on his face as her body attacks his cock and works on his shaft squeezing it. 

In and out, Jane's vagina squeezes and squeezes his shaft as she works the internal muscles to hold him deep inside her hole. Her ass rocks and lifts and humps him working to get him to fill her with his cum!

In and out, Jane now has both of her arms lifted over her head again by one of the men as the cock in her mouth goes deeper. Her tits are lifted up higher and men start pulling her nipples and playing with her breasts! 

In and out, the feeling is special and she watches as they enjoy her tits! One of the men is her son and he tells them how to make her feel even better. It makes the fucking feel wonderful and Jane cums again arching up and humping on Mike's cock. He can't seem to hole back much longer.

In and out, Mike's cock moves much faster now. He holds Jane's ass up with his hands and as he slams into her cunt, Jane's head is lifted and then hung back over the edge of the bed accepting more of the Paul's big cock into her throat. Her body is on the bed but her head hangs over the edge and her mouth is now being fucked by the big long beautiful cock Paul has between his legs.

In and out, Mike has lifted Jane's legs up and bent her knees. He holds her thighs wide so he can really fuck her now. The men can see his cock moving in and out, in and out of Jane's pussy. 

In and out, Paul's cocks feel so hot in her mouth and Mike's in her cunt! Jane knows it won't be long before she will feel cum from Mike's cock filling her cunt again! She wants it all! 

In and out, Jane sucks harder as Paul fucks her mouth and pushes into her throat. She can't believe how hard and faster her cunt is being fucked now. Mike is like an animal between her thighs, driving into her hole with his need and the desire to cum inside Jane's pussy.

In and out, the cock fucking Jane's pussy is really moving fast. She knows this cock is going to cum soon too! It feels hotter and thicker and pulses with need for release.

In and out, in and out, in and out, faster and faster, harder and harder, his thrusts are stronger and as he pumps and moves his hips he lifts her hips and ass up off the bed. The feeling of his cock sliding in and out of her body makes Jane's vagina feel so good as it rubs the walls of her pussy. 

"Oh yes", she hisses around the cock in her mouth. As Mike keeps on fucking her body, Paul holds her head and fucks her mouth and throat!! Jane cums hard!

In and out, again and again and again, the others begin to chant and cheer them both on. They all know Mike is about to cum hard. They watch as Jane's body is rocking and moving with the cock inside her cunt. The rhythm is so hot and watching her lift and thrust her pussy at the cock excites everyone who watches it happen. Then Jane gags as she sucks Paul as her body goes to heaven and she climaxes again from being fucked so long and hard! 

In and out, over and over, and over again, the men fucking both ends of her body are making sounds like they are in pain. They are both so close to cumming and both are moving faster and thrusting harder! Jane can't wait to feel it when their cocks explode.

In and out, now, with each thrust Jane moan louder as the cock fills her mouth and cunt. She throws her head back even more accepting more of the big cock into her throat. He pushes as deep as he can. She gags again but she takes it, loves it as the head touches the back of her throat and beyond. Jane's air is cut off but she loves how it feels to be filled so deep on both ends. 

In and out, as Mike the third man to be between her open legs fucks her hard as he can and he tells the other to release Jane's arms.

In and out, the men let her arms go. And she feel his strong forearms as he braces over her doing quick and fast push ups driving his dick into her cunt.

In and out!! Fucking hell, Jane love this so much. "God help me", she thinks as she holds Mike's strong arms. The men can sense that her body wants more cock. They know from Jane's moans and the way she is moving that she loves what they are doing to you and that she has to have more. Her need for more cock to fill her cunt with cum once again is over powering.

Paul removes his cock and slowly strokes it as he watches Mike fuck Jane. 

In and out all Jane can think of she wants the cum she loves her clit being pinched as Mike fucks her. And Jane loves what they are doing to her tits and nipples! God yes!! She is cumming!! It rips her body and brain! Jane screams out as the orgasms is the best yet.

In and out! Yes, oh yes, in and out. GOD YES! Now the lustful animal sounds are coming from her throat!! Jane's ass humps up and down on the cock in her cunt. She moans and grunts and hangs in the air as her orgasms sweeps over her! She has reached another level now.

In and out, her mind tells her: "Yes!! COCK! Say it. C O C K!! God give me it all! Fuck me to death!!" 

Jane loves the feeling of her pussy full of a thick dick, and her pussy rocks her as more orgasms sweep over her body! She loves it so damn much!!

In and out, Mike moans are much louder! His cock thickens and throbs and then Jane hear him cry out as he begins to flood her pussy with a large load of cum! It almost feels like it's hot when he shots deep into her cunt. 

As he slows his ejaculations Jane's brain feels such pleasure and she feels the cock inside her pussy release its sweet reward seconds later. Jane's ass is elevated up off the bed at least a foot and it's being held by the man's strong arms. Mike's cock is buried as deep as he can get it and he has his hips and back arched, bending backwards. As he moans like an animal and shoots his load into Jane's cunt hole she cries out with the sweet feeling. Orgasms!! Many orgasms run thru her magnificent body.

He holds her tight with her ass up in the air and lets his cock and balls empty. Jane lays there with her arms and legs spread wide watching the pure lust and joy on Mike's face as his orgasms peeks. Her climax is seconds ahead of his. 

Jane wishes she could pull him down and have him suck your nipples as he cums but she can't reach him to pull him down on top of her. She also has two other men playing with her tits. Jane's nipples feel like they will bust, so hard and thick and long!!  

The other men are jerking off over them. And, Paul is now just rubbing his cock over her face. This makes Jane cum again as the other men spew shot after shot of their warm cum all over her body. Her orgasm is long and hard and feels so good!

Mike looks down at her and smiles as he punches her clit one more time and then slowly rolls the little hard bud between his thumb and index fingers. He pulls his already deflating cock out of her cum filled cunt and lowers her ass back on the bed. Jane again feels the cum begin to leak out of her pussy hole and down between the crack of her ass. "The bed must be full of cum", she thinks. 

As soon as Mike is out of the way and out from between Jane's open thighs Paul moves between them and immediately takes Mike's place. Smiling up at the Paul, Jane can see this will be what they are all waiting for; Paul's cock is hard from her mouth sucking it, and now Jane can see he has it pointing at her open cunt. 

Jane can see Paul's big cock shaft is ready and she knows his cock is bigger than any of the other men in the room. It looks so smooth and yet very hard! Bobby has the hardest cock of any man but Paul's cock is a monster, he could make porn movies. 

Jane knows it will feels like nothing else she has ever felt in her pussy. She marvel at the man's cock size, and wish she could fuck him all night, all weekend, hell all year, for the rest of her life! 

The only man left who hasn't fucked Jane is Paul and while he fucks her Jane knows the other men will be waiting for their turn again. She can't wait to sample Paul and then all the other cocks again and again. As long as she can take them and as long as they can get hard again she will take them all on. But right now all she wants to feel is Paul buried as deep as she can take him.

Her mind turned completely towards Paul and his over size cock. Paul kneels there looking down at her. Jane thinks to herself: "It's so big and beautiful, and pink and thick. God even soft it must have been 6 inches long or more. And just look at that ball sack!!"

Paul's ball sack was somewhat hidden now by his thick cock shaft pointing at Jane's pussy. Jane thinks back the first time se saw Paul's cock. It was soft then and the head of Paul's cock hung about two inches below his balls. Jane could see then that his balls were large. It just hung there between his thighs swinging with his movements. 

Such nice thighs, and a great body, Paul was very handsome! Jane wanted him badly! She wants to just reach out and take his cock and suck it some more to make him super hard, as hard as he could get it, so he could fuck her over and over again with his magnificent cock!! 

Paul let his shaft lay on Jane's body, the head and his very long shaft lay on her belly, she close her hand around it and begin to love it jerking it off making him moan and it grow harder. Feeling it grow even harder and thicker, Jane now needs both hands to do it justice. It's a thrill feeling it getting so hard and it makes her cunt want and need to be filled even more. 

There won't be any love here, no not with Paul; it will be animal sex, what he called monkey sex. She wants that badly! Bonnie wipes Jane off with cool water and gives her some more to drink. She is ready.

Paul is the last man out of the group to fuck Jane. He has been the one filming her. He moves inwards between her open legs with a throbbing hard-on. This man is older, maybe 45 and he has the biggest cock Jane has ever seen or fucked. She licks her lips and he smiles and shakes his dick at her.

As he moves in and his cock head enters her there is some pressure. But it's not as bad as she felt it would be. The other three cocks have stretched her pussy and the walls of her tunnel. But there is still some discomfort from the thickness of Paul's cock.

Jane sight and moan as Paul pushes more and the big dick goes further into her body. He keeps pushing and soon she thinks his cock will come out of her mouth it's buried so deep in her body. Paul stops and waits for Jane to adjust then he pushes more. She places her hands on his chest and tells him he can't go deeper but Paul just smiles and moves into her more. 

Jane grunts and feels Paul's cock go even deeper.

Jane lifts her legs and Paul hold them as he moves deeper into her cunt. She closes her eyes and Paul tells her to open them. She does and he tells her to take her hand and feel his cock now. She does it and feels there is about 3 or 4 inches still not inside her. Paul pulls out a little and Jane feels the slippery cum that was in her cunt from the other men who have fucked her. 

She feels Paul push his cock back into her hole and she lets her fingers glide over the shaft as if she is jerking that part of Paul's cock off with her hand as her pussy fucks the rest of his big cock. "That's it baby squeeze your hand around the shaft and feel me move in and out of your tight little pussy. He pulls out and then pushes back in. 

Jane moans with her lust! Her fingers feel his thickness and then her hand touches her open wet hole. He pulls out some more and her slides along the hard wet shaft. He pushes again and she loves how it feels. 

They start to fuck. First they fuck in unisons. He pushes and she lifts! Both move together as Paul's cock moves in and out taking her fully. Each time they push together his cock enters her a little more. 
