 A rainy Thursday night in Manchester, and I'm still holed up in the hotel. I've been here since Sunday night, running a training course for a crowd of German sales staff, hating every second. They respect the skills I have to offer them but they are a team, and I'm not a part of it. Every night they are polite to me over dinner, and then the conversation speeds up and the 'in' jokes start, and eventually I lose track, make my excuses and head for bed.

It's only 7 pm and already I'm in my room, preferring room service tonight. I have a stonking headache and I just want to go home. One more night of this and then I can escape, until next week at least when it all starts again, in Liverpool this time. I've been living out of my suitcase for three weeks already and I'm not sure how much more I can take.

There's a subtle knock at the door and I wander over in my stockinged feet to answer it – my food at last – I'm hungry.

My face must be a picture, because it's not room service at all – it's Adam.

He stands contra-posto in the doorway, smiling at me, looking lean and sexy and gorgeous… dressed entirely in black, as he always is, from that sexy black leather jacket and sexy black jeans right down to those sexy bulky black biker boots. His hair is blonde and spiky where he had it cut on Saturday, his skin is still tanned from his holiday last month. His baby blue eyes regard me with that wonderful hint of wickedness and insecurity. I want him.

"Well," he says, "are you going to invite me in?"

Still speechless, I stand aside and as he strolls past me he runs his hand over my behind in a gentle but purposeful stroke. He slips his backpack off his right shoulder – looks like he's staying then, because I've never known him carry a bag unless he really has to. My heart has lifted a thousand times, and is thudding in my chest with desire and gratitude and warmth.

I'm still standing by the door, a little lost and dazed, and he walks purposefully up to me, takes my face in both his cool hands, dips his head to my level and kisses me tenderly, taking his time, tasting me, running his tongue gently over mine, flicking it over the stud the way he does, then licking my lips with the very tip of his tongue. He's not shaved today and I can feel his stubble grazing my skin. His kisses always turn me on, and now, when it's been weeks since I last saw him, he's almost making my knees give way.

When I finally manage to speak, I put my arms around his neck in a warm hug; "I'm so glad you're here. It's lovely to see you."

His arms fold around me and one of his hands moves slowly over my behind. "I thought you sounded a bit miserable on the phone last night. Thought you might like some company."

He pulls away so he can look me in the eyes. "Also, I'm horny as fuck and I miss sleeping with you."

And then I'm treated to another one of those long, deep, sensual kisses he's so good at, one hand buried in my hair, the other sliding my skirt up my thigh. I can feel that sudden familiar warm wetness in my underwear, like he's turning on a tap of desire deep inside me.

His hand has reached my stocking tops and a small noise escapes him, almost a gasp. He loves it when I wear stockings for him, although I don't end up wearing them that often. His hand runs over my backside, his fingers changing from a stroke to a squeeze, pulling me up against him. I already know how hard he must be, but now I can feel the evidence. His huge cock is hard as a rock and pressing into my stomach.

My fingers pull and tug at his belt buckle, unbuttoning his jeans and freeing his cock which springs into my eager fingers. He staggers back, leaning against the trouser press, turning me around, lifting my skirt, pulling my knickers to one side and pulling me back onto his cock in one swift, fluid movement. He fills my wet pussy completely, stretching the sides of me. I hold onto the wardrobe door for support as he starts to thrust, timing it with me moving back onto him.

Footsteps in the corridor and a sharp knock at the door: "Room service."

"Fuck," he swears slightly under his breath as I pull away sharply, pulling my skirt down, and he departs into the bathroom, shutting the door behind him.

I wonder what I must look like to the handsome young man who brings my tray of food into the room and lays it carefully on the dressing table next to the laptop. I'm certainly flushed, my hair mussed, but I'm entirely alone. Maybe he thought I was asleep.

When the young man leaves me, Adam emerges from the bathroom with a sheepish grin. He's taken off his jacket, his boots and his jumper, his jeans and belt unfastened and his huge cock pointing out of it like a loaded gun. I start to strip, pulling my blouse over my head without unbuttoning it as his mouth meets mine and he pulls me to the bed, tripping over each other, unfastening my skirt and feeling it tangle in my stockinged feet as we stumble and tumble into each other's arms, giggling and kissing. We're still half dressed as he enters me again, starting a slow, rhythmic stroking that gets me wet and horny.

"Do you have any idea," he mumbles into my neck, his voice muffled in my hair and my skin, "how horny I've been thinking about you?"

"Mmm," I reply, thinking about my lonely hotel room nights with only my own wet fingers for company. "Have you been playing with yourself, Adam?" I ask, knowing what the answer is already.

"Just a bit," his voice comes out as a gasp now, he's really turned on.

I push him off me, wriggling away until he's left stranded on the bed, still half dressed, his cock wet with my juices and red and angry looking. Instantly his hand is around it, rubbing up and down rhythmically, his head back in the pillow. I pull his socks off and his jeans, and they are round his ankles when there's a sudden knock at the door, the sound of the key and the door opening.

It's Room Service again.

This time we don't have a chance to hide, or cover up, or do anything, and suddenly the young lad is back in the room, staring at us both open mouthed.

Adam starts to laugh, he doesn't care… it's all part of the fun to him. The young man is staring at my naked breasts and I want to laugh too, but I'm worried that we might damage this poor man emotionally for the rest of his life.

"Want to join in?" Adam says, smiling at his new comrade in that beguiling way he has. How can anyone possibly resist him, that lovely open smile, that sexy voice. I can never resist him, and it seems this lad can't either.

"What's your name?" I ask, as he steps towards the bed, undoing that waistcoat they make them all wear, pulling off that stupid elasticated bow tie. I'm hoping I don't sound too motherly, because that's how I feel towards him.

"Sam," he says, his voice surprisingly deep. As he strips off I decide he's probably older than he looks, he's certainly more confident than I thought…

As Adam pushes me back onto the bed gently parting my lips with his tongue, all the while looking up at Sam, I close my eyes with pleasure. This is going to be good. Very good. "Sam," I hear Adam say, between licks, "this is Portia. She's fucking excellent at blow jobs. Want to try?"

Sam laughs as if all his Christmasses have come at once, and I open my eyes to see a huge naked cock right by my face. Adam has started fingering me now, he puts two, three fingers inside me, moving them, finding my G spot and rubbing it while his hot tongue flicks at my clit, lapping at it, then giving me a breather, lapping, breath.

I reach for Sam's cock, licking the moist tip of it with the tip of my tongue. Sam's noticed my tongue stud now and his blue eyes widen with surprise and delight. I smile at him, taking the head of his cock between my lips and letting my tongue rub slowly over the smooth skin.

"Christ, " Adam says from his position between my thighs, "that looks fucking horny."

Sam says, "feels pretty fucking horny too."

I wriggle onto my belly so I can get a better grip of Sam's cock. He's standing at the edge of the bed, and as I stick my ass in the air I can feel the head of Adam's cock nudging at it. He's huge by now, so that when he slides it inside me it fills me and stretches my cunt. He grabs my hips and pulls me back onto him as I start to suck Sam properly, taking as much of him in my mouth as possible, running my tongue stud up the shaft, flicking it hard over the head.

Adam is banging into me hard now, his balls slapping against my thighs… then he slows it down again and there's a pause. Now what? I wonder, concentrating on the feel of Sam in my mouth. He's grown as well, filling my mouth with lovely hot, hard flesh. I cup his balls with my wet hand, playing with them. I hear him moan softly. He's enjoying this, and I know he's enjoying watching Adam fucking me too. Then I feel Adam's wet finger sliding gently into my ass and he starts to push into me again.

Sam's close to coming, I can feel it, but he doesn't want to yet. He pushes me gently away from him, and I look up at him questioningly. Just let me watch, he tells me with his eyes.

I pull away from Adam and turn round. He sinks back against the pillows and I sit astride him, impaling myself slowly on top of him. He's so big, sometimes this is painful, but at least I can control it. My pussy is wet, a little trickle of pleasure runs down my thigh and I feel Sam's finger collecting it. He's behind me, on the bed now, watching intensely as I raise and lower my hips, circling, keeping my eyes on Adam's face, waiting for him to tell me what he wants. His eyes close then and I know that Sam's hand is between our legs, he is touching Adam's balls, stroking him. Then Sam's fingers trace across my ass, and I look over my shoulder at him, giving him permission.

I lean forward over Adam so that Sam can get to my ass. I feel him wetting me with his soft, warm tongue, then the head of his cock pushing at me. It's hard to move like this as I'm sandwiched between them, but they are both gentle and for a time it works, and it feels amazing. Adam's tongue pushes roughly against mine in a hard kiss. "Can you feel that?" I ask him breathlessly, and he nods. His hands are past me on Sam's backside. For a moment the three of us are like one being, sexual, fucking each other like crazy, then Sam sighs and eases himself free.

For a second it hurts, it's like agony, then all I can feel is Adam's huge cock moving inside me again.

"I can't take much more of this, Portia," Adam says, "I need to come,"

"I want to suck you both," I say.

Adam and Sam lie next to each other on the bed and Adam slips his arm under Sam's head. I'm kneeling over them and they both look gorgeous lying there, so unbelievably sexy. And now I have two huge, hard cocks to play with. I lie with my head between them and they snuggle up together so I can get both of them in my mouth at the same time, my tongue stud sandwiched neatly in between. I hear Adam make a gasping sound, and, although I don't look up, I know Sam is kissing him. I know Adam wants this but he hasn't done it before. Something tells me Sam has. I can feel two cocks getting ready to explode in my face and I rub them against each other with wet hands, my tongue darting at them, sucking them both. Adam is making little gasping noises and Sam lets out a deep-throated grunt of pure pleasure. Somebody's hand grabs at the back of my head, pushing me blindly further into the hot, hairy, wet mass, and I lick and suck and clutch at them.

One of them starts to come, and the feeling of that jerking starts the other one off too, and suddenly I have two hot, huge cocks spurting in my face, in my mouth, in my hair. I get one jet in the eye which stings like hell, and I slurp as much of it up as I can, feeling the extra dribbling over my chin.

They separate and I lap them both clean with my tongue. There appears to be come everywhere, making both their bellies wet. Adam is breathing hard, Sam's eyes are wide open and he's looking at me with amazement. Then he laughs. "Fucking amazing," he says. Adam turns his head to look at him and Sam leans over and kisses him, quickly, firmly, taking him by surprise.

Adam is still hard. He's always like this, one orgasm is never enough for him, and although Sam's cock is lying half-hard on his thigh, I know it won't take much to get him going again.

Adam looks at me and grins, sits up swiftly and pushes me back. "Your turn," he says, with a wicked glint in his eye. I spread my legs for him and he puts his hands under my bum, lifting me up so he can push his tongue deep inside me. For a while I let myself go, feeling the intense pleasure that this always gives me. He knows me so well, he can tell when I'm close to coming and then he'll stop and prolong it for me, waiting until I'm ready.

When I can feel the orgasm swimming up to meet me I raise my head and see that Sam's behind Adam, his hand between his legs, wanking him hard. The sight of Sam's hand gripping Adam's huge cock is a huge turn on. "Why don't you try it?" I ask. Adam looks over his shoulder and Sam nods at him and grins.

Adam eases his cock into me and Sam does what he did for me… wets Adam's ass ready for it, then spreads his cheeks and fucks him. I watch Adam's face as he feels that cock sliding slowly up his ass. Intense pleasure, and pain. They are both unbelievably heavy on me and it's hard to breathe for a while. Adam stays still while Sam pumps at his ass, groaning with pleasure. I can feel Adam's cock swelling with pleasure inside me… at this rate he's going to come again without even moving!

Then Adam notices that I'm turning a funny colour and moves to push Sam off. He continues licking me again. "Come on baby," he says, "let me see you come. I want you to squirt for me." Sam sits next to us, rubbing his hand up the shaft of his cock, watching Adam pushing his fingers into me. Then his thumb, against the side of my clit. This is always what does it for me in the end. Adam grins at me, his face wet, as I suddenly push my pussy hard against him as wave after wave of orgasm hits me and I'm coming in floods against his hand. Sam makes a noise of surprise at just how wet I get, while Adam keeps flicking my clit until the orgasm subsides.

I'm tired now, but I want to keep watching. These two guys are back to being horny as fuck and I want to watch what they can do. Propped up on the pillows, I lie back and watch Adam sucking Sam. It feels weird, watching this man who makes me cry with pleasure giving that expert tongue treatment to a fat, hard cock. He's watching Sam's face for clues, the way he watches mine, but Sam's eyes are closed and he's just enjoying it. With his hand he guides Adam's head, his strong brown fingers tangled in Adam's blond hair, caressing his scalp and then pulling him down harder and faster. When Sam comes it takes Adam by surprise, and he finds himself gulping mouthfuls of spunk as Sam shoots jet after jet into Adam's waiting mouth.

For a moment we all just lie there, stunned. I want to come again and I'm fingering myself lazily, looking at the aftermath of tangled naked limbs. Adam is still rock hard and now it's Sam's turn to taste. He pushes Adam onto his back and starts to play with his cock, wanking him and sucking him at the same time. I watch carefully, trying to pick up tips, while my fingers get more insistent rubbing at my clit. Adam's watching Sam's face, feeling everything, and I can tell it will only be seconds before he comes too. When Adam's body tenses, mine does too, and as the orgasm fills my body again I can't take my eyes off Sam as he pulls his head back, letting a long jet from Adam's cock arc in the air, hitting his chest with a soft wet splash. The second jet Sam takes in his mouth, drinking it down.

Now all three of us are completely exhausted and we lie in a tangled heap.

"Fucking amazing, " Sam says softly. He pulls his limbs free with some effort and dresses, leaving the pair of us like jellyfish stranded out of water, limp and lifeless.

When he's gone, Adam murmurs sleepily, "Do you think we should have given him a tip?"