 It was a day like any other.. The guys and I were just hanging out before we would go out to find something to do... 

We were just chilling at my friend Dave's house and he was in the shower getting ready for a night on the town. Flipping through the channels I found nothing interesting to watch, So I suggested to Brian we play a video game.. He agreed and as I went to the shelf to pick one... he set up the system.. I leaned over my short plaid skirt raising in the back giving Brian an excellent view. He snuck up behind me and pressed his crotch to my ass... I could feel something growing at his vision... I stood up with my selection in my hand... my skirt still raised... his groin still growing against my ass... I took his hands and placed them on my breast... I said.. "MMMM feels so good... But lets wait till later..." He reluctantly agreed... Walking over to the couch I set the game next to the system and sat down to adjust my socks... Knee highs and one had slipped down my calf a little... He put the game in and handed me a controller.. Feeling his cock against my ass wanting to slip inside I started thinking about it... and what it would be like to do them both... I had never done anything like that before and I was getting wet thinking about it.

"If I do something go along with it... I want to try something fun... " Brian nodded his head as he looked me over... He could always tell when I was feeling frisky... I heard the shower turn off and about 10 minutes later Dave emerged from the bathroom looking so good and smelling so heavenly... a new cologne I liked it... I looked at Brian and winked.. He smiled. Slowly getting up and walking to the bedroom door I stopped Dave as he headed into the living room... Pressed him against the door frame and began kissing his neck.. At first he was unsure of how to respond but my kisses were very inviting.. Pulling him away from the door I kissed him all the way back to the living room where Brian had stood up and walked behind me... I had Brian kissing my neck and reaching around to play with my nice big and firm breasts... for only being 18 they were very nice.. Dave's hands also began to wander... to my dripping pussy... and around to my thighs.. Lifting my skirt slightly... 

The passion in the room was clearly evident... I turned Dave towards the couch and walked him back... all the while not one kiss or fondle was lost... When we reached the couch I pushed Dave down and then straddled his lap... Brian kneeled behind me... kissing and fondling kept up until I pushed Dave back and stood up over him on the couch... almost at the same time they both lifted my skirt and removed my thong panties with their mouths... I shuddered at their lips and tongues working my panties down... Stepping out of them I found myself back to straddling Dave... His hard cock pressing through his pants against my wet cunt... 

Brian was busy pulling his cock out and putting a condom on... I lifted my ass up slightly and pulled Dave's raging hard on out and Brian handed me a condom... I pulled back and put the condom on in an enticing way... With my mouth.. Once the condom was in place I got back up and it slipped right into my dripping cunt.. Leaning forward Brian pressed his cock in as well... my tight pussy being stretched... Oh it felt so fucking good... I gasped and began kissing Dave again. Rocking my hips back and forth fucking them both at the same time... I was so excited I began cumming.. My body shivering and shuddering from my orgasms.. My legs gave out and I fell forward... still getting pounded by two cocks at once... 

I think they really liked fucking me at the same time.. I pushed my way out of it and laid on my back on the couch taking off my shirt... I urged Dave to bring his cock to my mouth and Brian moved between my legs placing them up on his shoulders... slipping into my now thoroughly drenched cunt.. I moaned loudly until my mouth was filled with Dave's long rock hard cock... his shirt now removed and his cum covered pants pulled down to his ankles... my hand reaches behind him to grope his ass and press his cock further down my throat... "I feel like I am in a porn movie" I thought as my cum began pouring out of my hot pussy... 

I took Dave's cock whole... swallowing to massage it with my throat... His balls slapping my cheek as he throat fucked me... He had such a sexy look on his face of passion and pure ecstasy ... I liked it... I liked it a lot... Glancing over to Brian still pounding away at my constricting cunt... had a look of exotic pleasure himself... I know I was in a world of euphoric proportions myself... 

My nipples were so hard... my skin so sensitive to touch... their hands moving along my soft flesh... My body quaking and convulsing with every orgasm that ran throughout my body. My pussy felt as if it never wanted to stop pumping cum out... feeling my right nipple being pinched and shortly after my left one was joined.. I knew I had to ride the cock once again... Pushing Brian back with my legs... he fell back and I almost instantly pounced on him... Dave got the clue and slipped in behind me... reaching around to my breast he pulled at my erect nipple and rolled it between his thumb and forefinger ... I let out a whimper of pleasure and reached down to slip Brian into my extremely sensitive cunt... I feel my body beg for more and in leaning forward Dave slipped his immensely intense cock into my already swollen pussy... even tighter now than it was earlier... I begin to ride both cocks furiously my tightened swollen breasts bouncing as my body goes wild... 

I slowed my momentum and Dave began to play with my winking asshole... Brian never did that before and I liked it... soon he was fucking me with both of his thumbs one after another slipping them in and out in opposite... My back arched and my ass began to beg for fulfillment.. Wanting more... I ask "Will you fuck my ass Dave?" he smiled and slipped his cock out of my cunt... and slowly began to work his head in with a thumb still inside... once his cock began to slip in he removed his thumb and slowly began to work his swollen groin into my tight virgin asshole... Once I felt him in about an inch I told him to stop and stay still... Rocking back and forth I had taken his cock in no time and began instantly cumming when he pressed his cock to the hilt into my sweet ass... My orgasm so intense... I couldn't help but to squirt my cum all over Brian's stomach... who from the look on his face was Definitely enjoying the fun we were having.. Dave almost couldn't take my ass tightening and convulsing around his hard cock as I came... But he managed... 

I began moving again... grinding my hips into both men... My body begging for more... our moans clearly displaying the passion we all were experiencing... My bucking and fucking soon claimed Dave's load... Pulled out and shot all over my wide open asshole... He smiles and says "Wow! Now that's a nice site." I whimper "oh yes... that felt so fucking hot... " I could feel his hot jizz dripping down my ass and over my burning cunt... I grind my pussy hard on Brian drilling his load out... as I feel him begin to cum I pull back and pull the condom off masturbating him to have his load shot all over my beautiful breasts... 

Dave sits on the couch and I move down between him and Brian... all three of us still so turned on... Brian who usually only goes once leans over to start suckling on my cum covered breast... Dave soon follows.. My hands find the way to both men's heads and I began running my fingers through their hair.. As their hands meet at my well fucked snatch.. 2 hands on my cunt fighting to play with my clit and labia... one fingering my swollen pussy... the clit so swollen and pink... so sensitive.. Dave must have liked kissing me because I soon found his lips to mine... his tongue lapping at my tender lips... these kisses were more passionate than I had ever experienced... Brian's mouth began working down my stomach to my hips.. My navel... my almost bald cunt... until he had my clit softly griped between his teeth.. 

Brian sucking my clit... working it the way he knew how... I arched my back and Dave grasped my breast... still kissing me so tenderly... My body was filled with anticipation of what was going to happen next.. I moved so that I might be able to push Dave onto his back and reached for another condom... this time I just slipped it on... and slid his already rock hard cock back into my wanting pussy... Brian began kissing on my ass cheeks and soon found his tongue on my asshole... after a few moments of thrusting his tongue in and out of it while putting a condom on himself... He climbed behind me and slipped his cock right in... I could feel both cocks throbbing and pulsating in my sweet sensitive fuck holes... 

My body welcoming this pleasure I began frivolously fucking again... wildly rocking my hips and body to take one after the other... Both cocks driving into me so hard... I began squirting again and my body froze up... both guys began fucking me harder... thrusting in on each others own pace... the sensation was so great... I moaned and screamed as each orgasm pulsed throughout my body.. They went wild with my response to this new passion and pounded harder and faster... flooding the couch and Dave's stomach with cum... my body began to tingle... my breath short... whimpering I begged them not to stop... They decided to switch it up a bit and changed pace... I squirted again... and again.. Just adding to the already drenched puddle of my excitement... 

Just as my body gives out and I collapse onto Dave's chest... my face buried in his neck... he wraps his arms around me and then reaches down to spread my ass cheeks... Brian pulls away and Dave pulls his cock out and slips it into my asshole... Brian says.. "Hummmm I wonder.. " and he presses his cock against my already stretched asshole already filled with Dave's hard rod... Brian presses and works his cock into my ass stretching it even further... My body releases and my back arches as I sit up out of pure ecstasy... frozen in pleasure they begin fucking me at the same pace... in and out.. Both cocks... I was hoarse from screaming my orgasm... Yet once again they start at their own paces... my ass was filled deep with cock constantly... I loved it... 

My body shuddering... Dave clutching both nipples... and Brian reaching around to my dripping clit.. Pressing against it slightly... both men really getting off on making my body explode in pure erotica.. My ass pounded so wickedly... the animalistic behavior we were partaking in... all of us covered in sweat... my body wanting more, but begging to be set free... and then it happened... I felt both cocks begin to pulsate... and from the reactions from the guys... I began to fuck both of them wildly... tightening my ass as if to Milk their loads out of them... my ass squeezing both cocks tightly against each other... both men simultaneously explode their loads blowing through the condoms filling my ass with hot sticky jizz... my ass tightened so firmly around them.. They couldn't pull out and they began to experience another orgasm... rolling my hips around to milk the last shots from both cocks... I shudder and Squirt one last shot of cum onto both men's groins... Weakly I collapse onto Dave and Brian collapses onto me... We all pass out and we never went out... but we did experience a very memorable experience..