 Becca looked around herself, trying to keep her nerves from taking over. She was riding the train home after a late shift at the diner; there was no one across from her or in the seats directly around her; there was an older gentlemen in a seat a few rows ahead of her, but he was reading the paper. Behind her another couple of rows was a couple making googly eyes at each other. That was it for this car.

She breathed deeply, evenly, trying to convince herself there'd be no better time to do it but right then and there. This was likely the least crowded it would ever be on the train.

She moved her purse to the side of her that was near the aisle, giving her some modicum of cover from that side, should she need it.

Hesitantly, she moved her hand slowly down her side until it was at the hem of her uniform - a short, tawdry, yellow dress that was required for all waitresses to wear at The Diner. It was one of the reasons all waitresses had to be 18 or older to work there; Becca was 22, so she made the cut.

Slowly, darting her eyes once more at the man sitting in the seat a few rows ahead of her, confident that he was still very much engrossed in his newspaper, she pulled that hem up. She bit her lip, already feeling the excitement well up inside her. This had only been a fantasy of hers since before she really knew how to masturbate.

She inched her dress up until it was no longer hiding her panties. She was wearing her favorite pair to make her feel sexy - red satin with lace edges. Taking one last look around, she eased her hand to her inner thigh and slipped her fingertips under her panties, testing her wet pussy.

God, she was wet. She had practically been wet all day thinking about this. Just that one touch and all her caution went out the window, figuratively speaking. She thrust her fingers in farther until she was circling her cunt hole with a finger. It clenched around air, weeping to be filled.

Becca sent one finger in, then another, one more; she was fucking herself with three fingers and lightly rubbing her clit in time with the thrusts. Her eyes were heavy, wanting to close, but she forced them to remain open so she could look at her surroundings. Teeth clenched on her lower lip, she breathed heavily through her nose as the thought of what would happen if the older gentlemen noticed her movements.

Would he just watch? She shuddered at the thought.

Would he walk over and help her? She had to fight back a moan.

Would he force her to suck his cock while she touched herself in public like the dirty slut she secretly thought she was? Her eyes drifted closed as she found herself drifting closer to the edge of orgasm.

But she forced them open again, staring at the man. He wasn't too old; nor was he average looking or ugly. He was a silver fox for sure. Becca stared at him, almost willing him to look at her and make her do something dirty - dirtier than what she was already doing.

Would he make her stand up and show the couple behind her what she had been doing? Would he bend her over and spank her?

Fuck, fuck, fuck, she was close. Her fingers sped up, and her stare should have singed the man's jacket, she was staring so hard. Then suddenly, he put his paper away.

Becca's movements stopped. He stood up. She was frozen with fear, anticipation, excitement... He was walking away from her.

She frowned. Then she realized that the doors were opening; they had reached a stop already. Quickly she pulled her hand out of her panties and folded her arms around her stomach, looking away from the newcomers on the train. There were only 3; all guys around her age. Two seemed to be friends, and they sat together in the seat to her right, in opposite seats to face each other. The other one, for some reason, sat right in front of her, facing her.

She was almost fuming, she was so mad. Every other seat was empty, because the couple behind her had also gotten off at the last exit, but they all had to choose the ones around her. Looks like the only 'getting off' she'd be doing on that train was the one where she got off on her station.

She turned her head to look out the window for a while, before feeling a pair of eyes on her.

Becca turned to look at the guy in front of her; he was looking into her eyes, then, once he saw he had her attention, drifted his gaze down her body until it landed at the junction between her thighs.

She frowned, following his gaze, then turned red, realizing she hadn't pulled her dress back down. Her panties were in plain view of him.

Then she looked to the right of her; apparently they were also visible to the guy in the seat caddy-corner to her, and his friend had joined him so they could stare at her pussy.

One of the guys across the corner from her, his hair black, spoke first. "Red, huh? Kind of a slutty color, don't you think? Are you a slut, baby?"

Becca was shocked into silence. The other guys took that as cues to act even bolder. The guy next to the first one who spoke, who was black, started to unzip his jeans. Across from her, the brunette guy who had first made her notice she hadn't covered up, moved to sit next to her, throwing her purse to the seat he had just vacated. He moved his hands to her dress and started unbuttoning it.

"Oh, guys, you've got to see her titties," he gushed. "They're so plump."

He proceeded to also take off her bra.

Becca wondered if she should offer up a protest. But the longer she thought about it, the more she decided she wanted to see where this would go. She had come onto this train to specifically fulfill a fantasy; but she didn't have to limit herself to just one.

The black haired boy and the black boy moved to kneel in front of her. The black guy didn't hesitate in taking one of her tits into his mouth and sucking hard on her nipple.

Becca couldn't stop the long, loud moan that came out of her mouth.

The black guy took her nipple out of his mouth. "Yeah, this bitch is ripe for a good fucking. Get her on the floor, I want her mouth."

It was all happening so fast, but Becca was so excited she almost fainted when she was pulled to the ground, but not before her dress and bra were taken off of her completely and her panties were pulled to the side.

She was kneeling up and suddenly a huge black cock was in her face. "Suck it, slut," the black guy said as he grabbed a fistful of her hair and shoved her face onto his cock.

Fuck she was so turned on she immediately gobbled up as much of him as she could, gagging before she could stop herself. She kept going at that speed, until she felt a cock sliding between her cheeks. Someone had knelt behind her and was attempting to poke his hard cock into her wet, tight pussy. She leaned forward, to help him and to drive the black cock deeper into her mouth. Her left hand was grabbed and placed on the third cock she'd service that night.

"Fuuuuuuuuck, she's so tight," a voice said. She recognized that as the voice that belonged to the black haired guy; he must be the one trying to ease his cock inside her right now.

She took the black cock out of her mouth long enough to say "Don't go slow. Be rough with me. Use me like the whore I am," but before she could finish her last word, he was already slamming the rest of his cock into her. She screamed, but it was muffled as the black dick was once again in her mouth. "Oh god," she cried around it, so turned on she could barely see straight.

"Jesus fucking Chris this cunt is hot," the brunette said as she went back to jacking him off in her hand. "I want that mouth soon."

The guy fucking her from behind slapped her ass and she lurched forward, not from pain, but from surprise, and the black cock was forced farther in her mouth.

"Shit, bitch, that's it, take it. Take it all," the owner of the cock in her mouth shouted, abandoning his easy fucking of her face to just go for it, treating it like it was a pussy.

Gluck, gluck, gluck. Becca was breathing through her nose quickly, feeling an orgasm coming on quickly. Just as she felt it cresting over, the cock inside her pussy exploded, cum coating her cunt walls. That ensured her orgasm, as she loved the feeling of the cum splashing around inside her. She screamed, the vibrations causing the cock in her mouth to go off, too.

The users of her mouth and pussy backed off and she fell to her butt, sitting on the floor of the train.

"Alright, cunt, my turn," the brunette said, walking up to shove his cock in her mouth.

But before he could, they all noticed the train had stopped... and people were piling in.