 The three men zipped up their pants, and then quickly helped Becca cover up. One grabbed her dress and quickly threw it over her, pulling it down and then throwing his jacket on over her so the buttons that had remained undone would be covered if she closed his jacket. Her bra was stuffed into the pocket, and all four of them calmly sat back down - the black guy and Becca on one side, the other two guys on the other. 

 The black guy swung his arm over her shoulder as soon as everyone was done piling into the train and the doors closed. Becca looked uncertainly at him, and before she could even think to utter a protest, his lips were on hers, spreading them, slipping his tongue inside. She was still insanely turned on - almost getting caught had just made it worse for her, even though she had had a spectacular orgasm. Her nipples were hard, her cunt was still wet, empty, unfulfilled, unsatisfied. So she didn't protest his tongue in her mouth. She sucked it into her hungry mouth, sending hers into his mouth. The arm he had slung over her shoulder edged closer and closer to her breast, but there was too much fabric for there to be much contact with her dress and his jacket. Frustrated at the lack of contact, Becca gripped his lower lip between her teeth and tugged, opening her eyes to look into his.

 He moved his mouth to lick and tongue her ear, where he whispered "What's your name, slut?"

 Becca just shook her head, not able to answer without moaning as he nipped at her lobe, also not wanting to answer because somehow him not knowing her name made it more sordid, dirtier. 

 He chuckled in her ear, "That's fine, we can just call you slut for the rest of our time fucking your sweet ass. I'm TJ." He moved his head away from her ear to nod at his friend with the black hair "that's my friend Dustin." He looked over at the brunette. "And your name?"

 "Will," the brunette answered, his legs spread so she could still see the lump that his boner was in his pants. He still hadn't cum yet, and Becca could just imagine how red and veiny his thick dick was, and she wanted it in her. She wanted all of their cocks in her.

 "This is slut," TJ replied, even as he slowly moved one of the sleeves of his jacket off her shoulder. Her dress hadn't been buttoned underneath and as he moved the jacket, her dress moved with it, exposing a nipple to their gazes, and whoever was behind Will and Dustin that could see over them.

 Becca looked around to see if anyone was noticing them, but besides an older couple sending her disapproving looks from behind her - and she assumed that was just racism, since TJ was very black, and they definitely couldn't see what was happening to her - no one was paying attention. 

 TJ licked a finger and stroked her nipple with it. "It seems like our slut here likes public displays. I think we can help her out, huh, fellas?"

 Will moved to sit on the other side of Becca, squishing her between TJ and himself. "Gladly," he answered before sliding the other shoulder of TJ's jacket and my dress off my shoulder, exposing the other nipple. Now he wasn't there to block as much view, either, and there were a few more people who'd see if they chose to look. But they were preoccupied with their own business - for now.

 TJ grabbed Becca's hand, on the side that was close to him, and moved it to his crotch. "Get me hard again so when we can be alone again, I'll be able to use you again, slut. I really liked that hot mouth of yours," he commented as he continued to flick at one of her nipples. Will took up doing the same to her other one with one hand, while he slipped his other hand under her dress and to her soaked pussy.

 "This is no fair, man," Dustin complained as he gently rubbed at his erection still encased in his pants.

 "You'll get your turn, man, just calm down," TJ promised. He didn't feel too bad for his friend, however, because Becca's hand had just made it into his own pants and she had wrapped it around his cock, pulling on it slowly so as not to show the world what they were making this slut do.

 Becca looked up to where Will had been sitting and saw just beyond that, another young guy who had finally seemed to notice what was going on. He met her gaze, moved his eyes to her tits, then to the hand that was under her skirt, and, finally, to her hand that was in some guy's pants. He met her eyes, smirked, and that was when Will stopped just rubbing at her pussy and pushed a finger between her wet lips. Her lips popped open in a silent moan, her tongue running over her bottom lip, and she thrust her hips forward to get more of his finger inside her. The stranger, whose gaze never left hers, started to walk towards them. He quickly sat in the seat that had been Will's.

 He nodded at the other guys. "Hey. The name's Josh. I see you guys have got quite the slut over here."

 There was that word again. Slut. Becca couldn't help but bite her lip at it, especially since that was the time Will decided to shove his finger farther up her cunt. Fuck, it felt so good, so bad, so naughty.

 Dustin leered at Becca. "Yeah, we were fucking her before the last stop and the bitch just can't get enough. Must be in heat."

 All the guys laughed, while Becca was still jerking TJ's cock and Will was still fingering her. He worked in two more fingers and Becca couldn't contain the moan that that brought out.

 "Sounds like she needs something in her mouth to shut her up," Josh added.

 TJ pushed two of his fingers into her mouth. "Suck, slut," he ordered, and she did just that, to keep herself from making too much noise for one, and because she wanted something to suck on, for another. She wanted it to be bigger and produce pre-cum, but his fingers would have to do for now, while the train was still so crowded and yet not crowded enough to hide their activities fully.

 The train came to a stop at another station, but no one stopped what they were doing - if anything, Will fingered her faster and harder, while Becca squeezed TJ's cock in her hand harder as she tugged on it. A few people left, less came back on, and still no one was noticing the lurid display going on in their row.

 She stared at the people on the other side of them, wanting them to notice but also not wanting them to notice, at the same time. Then she felt a gentle flick of one of her nipples and looked in front of her to see that Josh had leaned forward and was reaching out both hands to cup her tits. She fearfully looked around again, thinking that such overt gestures would surely garner more attention, but if anyone had noticed, they weren't looking now. 

 Josh was squeezing her tits, bouncing them up and down, then released them to pinch and pull at her nipples in time with Will's thrusting fingers. Becca was jerking her hips along, too, the urge to cum overriding her common sense telling her that the less movement to sense, the better. She couldn't help it. She was so close, so goddamn close..

 Josh closed his mouth over a nipple and tugged on it with his teeth and Becca had to turn her head into TJ's shoulder to muffle her cries as she came, her whole body shuddering as her cunt tried to hold Will's fingers inside her.

 "Jesus H. Christ," Will swore quietly, "When she cums, her pussy's like a vise it's so tight. I can't wait to feel that on my dick."

 Just then, a voice came on over the intercom of the train. "This is the last stop for this train. If you've missed your stop or need to go on farther, please switch trains." The train slowed to a stop as the announcement finished and everyone but the 5 of them cleared off the train.

 Becca found her voice. "W-we better get going, if we don't want to get in trouble."

 TJ was the first to reply. "Oh, no, slut, we're not going anywhere until we've all used you how we want to. With that, he jerked her hand out of his pants, dragged her to the ground, pushed his jeans down and held in front of her face. "Now get back to sucking, baby."

 Dustin was the first to get behind her; he shoved her uniform back up around her hips and drove his cock back into her wet, tight cunt. His thrust pushed her forward enough that her open mouth enveloped TJ's cock, and her moan vibrated around it. Before Dustin could really get started though, Josh urged him to get under Becca. 

 "I want her ass," he explained. "She'll ride your cock from on top while I shove my cock into her tight asshole."

 Becca moved her mouth off of TJ's cock to plead with Josh, "Go slow, I've only had fingers up there before."

 Dustin had moved out of Becca, and she didn't like not feeling full of cock; he moved to lay on the seat he had vacated earlier and she moved to get onto of him, immediately engulfing his dick in her pussy. TJ moved to stand in front of her again so she took his cock back into her mouth, sucking on it as she moved her head farther down his black rod. Will grabbed her hand and wrapped it around his erection and she started stroking it, loving how it was already quite wet with his pre-cum. Josh moved into position behind her and smacked her ass once. She jumped a little when she felt it, but not as much as she jumped when, after he spread her ass cheeks, she felt his tongue lick into her tight asshole.

 No guy had ever licked her asshole... they usually brought lube if they wanted to try fingering her there, or they used her own juices since she wet enough on her own usually to provide some extra. But Josh dived right in, wiggling his tongue against it before driving it into her tight hole. He worked it in, thrust it back and forth a few times, then moved his head back and spit on her ass, using his finger to work in more saliva. He worked another finger in, as well, and her stretched passage hurt so good; along with all the rest of the cocks in her and surrounding her, and she was in slut heaven.

 TJ must have thought as much, as well, because he drove his thick dick farther into her mouth. "The slut loves this," he pointed out to the others. "I bet her pussy's tight around your cock, huh, Dustin? And she hasn't stopped vacuuming my cock since you smacked her ass, Josh. She gets off on this, don't you, baby?"

 Becca moaned around his cock, not willing to take it from her mouth to answer and that's when Josh started to work his dick into her ass. She hadn't seen how big he was, but he felt like he was tearing her tiny asshole apart - and a big part of her loved it.

 Dustin groaned. "She's clenching her pussy so tight around my cock - keep going, man."

 Josh inched his way in until he was fully immersed in her ass. "Fuck," he exhaled, loving the tightness of her ass around his dick. His pants were on the ground and he couldn't reach them without pulling out - and no way in hell was he doing that until he was finished shooting his load in the whore's ass. "Anyone got their phone close and handy?" he asked. "I want to video this slut's ass stretched around my cock."

 Becca had to moan again, her mouth still full of TJ's cock, at the thought of how her ass looked stretched around this stranger's dick - especially since it felt pretty thick, but maybe that's just because it's the thickest thing she's taken up her ass.

 TJ, who had his pants still up, reached into the back sagging pocket and handed Josh his phone. "We'll take turns videoing what the bitch is doing," he said. "Since Dustin can't really get a good angle though you should just film both your cocks in her holes down there."

 "No problem," Josh assured him. Then with one hand on her hip, and one hand holding the phone she assumed, he started to slide his cock out of her stretched tunnel, until he was almost all the way out, just the tip still in, and he abruptly slammed back inside. She squealed, the sound muffled by the cock in her mouth, and Dustin groaned as he felt her cunt clench down again. He started to thrust up into her pussy, too, and he and Josh started a rhythm - both slid out and then slammed back in at the same time and Becca came the second time they did it. As she came, TJ pulled out of her mouth and jerked his cock off on her face, his cum spurting all over her cheeks and open, moaning mouth, some spurting into her hair. He put the tip of his cock back in her mouth and let the rest of his cum dribble onto her waiting tongue, which Becca swallowed without hesitation. 

 He moved out of the way so Will could finally get to a hole - and he wasted no time. He grabbed Becca by the hair and shoved his cock all the way in and Becca gagged violently on it. "That's right, slut," he urged as he thrust his cock back and forth into her mouth. "Gag on that dick. Slobber all over it. Make it messy." He was going at her face hard and fast, the same way Josh was now going at her ass.

 No longer did he bother with the slow drawback, he just quickly slid back and pounded forward, and her clenching pussy around Dustin's cock made him lose control and he shot his seed up into her cunt as he hissed out "Fuck," between his clenched teeth. Becca felt his cum coating her pussy again and started cumming yet again on his dick, her ass and pussy spasming on both dicks still inside her.

 Josh lost it next and roared as he nutted inside her ass. He stopped jerking into her ass and pulled out, and Becca felt some of his cum leak out of her used and abused ass. 

 Will pulled her off Dustin whose cock was already hardening again and made her bend over, hands on the opposite seat, and he slid his cock into her used rear tunnel. As he slammed into her ass over and over again, he started raining down smacks on her cheeks, alternating sides, watching them jiggle as he fucked his cock in and out of her tight hole. With his other hand, he grabbed her hair and pulled her head back, thrusting faster and harder. He stopped smacking her ass to hold her hip to steady her for his thrusts and he just went at it, jackhammering into her ass until she found herself, unbelievably, starting to cum from just his cock in her ass. As she screamed and exploded, Will pulled out of her ass and quickly jerked her around, stroking his cum onto her face just as TJ did. She couldn't hold herself up on her legs so she fell onto the seat below her as he moved closer, his cock still erupting cum onto her face.

 When the last of it fell onto her tits, she wiped away the cum in her eyes and looked at the men around her. TJ and Dustin were hard again, jacking off, looking at her slutty face and body. Josh had left while she'd been getting ass fucked by Will. 

 She licked her lips, smacking them as she tasted all the cum on her face. "Is that all you boys got for me?"

 Before anyone else could move, they heard a voice yell "What the hell is going on here?"