 Let me first tell you a little about myself. I am a 21 year old college student with an athletic build. I have light brown hair and green eyes. This is the first story I have ever written so please leave feedback to tell me what you think. 

This story is completely fiction, so, don't try anything of the sort, you'll probably get arrested!

*

It started out as normal day. I woke up at 6:30am, and finally rolled out of bed at 7:00. I got a shower, got dressed, and headed out the door for school. I was running late as usual. I had a 45 minute commute to the university I was attending, but only had 35 minutes before my class started. I live in a very small town, and had to take back roads to school. The only thing I usually had to watch for was deer. I hardly ever saw any other cars, and never saw a cop. So I was running about 80-85 miles per hour. I rounded a curve and there it was, a state trooper car sitting on the next hill.

I saw blue lights just a few seconds after I saw the car. So I slowed down and pulled off on the shoulder, with the patrol car following. I looked in my rearview mirror and noticed there were two cops in the car. They both got out and headed toward my truck. The officer driving was a tall, well built guy who looked like he didn't have an ounce of fat on him. He approached my window, and I got a better look at him. He was young and very good looking. 

Meanwhile, I saw that the other officer was standing behind the truck writing down my tag number. I noticed that it was a woman, and a really hot woman at that. She had light brown hair pulled back really tight. Her boobs looked great, not too big but plenty big enough; I guess they were probably C's . She was lean but curvy in all the right places. Her ass looked awesome in that tight uniform.

He asked for my license and proof of insurance. I handed it to him with my hand shaking because I had never been stopped by a state trooper before. I guess he noticed because he asked if anything was wrong. I told him no that I was just nervous. He said for me to just calm down, and he would be right back. He walked to his car and got on the radio. His partner followed him and also got in the car. I saw them talking while waiting for the dispatcher to run my information through the system. 

A few minutes later both officers got back out and walked up to my truck. The male cop asked me to step out and come around to the back of the truck. That made me even more nervous, but I did as he asked. He then told me that everything was fine, but they had a few questions for me. He asked why I was in such a hurry. I was so nervous that I could barely speak, but I managed to sputter out that I was running late for class. Then he came toward me and put his arm around my shoulder, and said "just relax, everything's gonna be alright".

He asked where I went to school and what my major was. I told him the name of my school and that I was majoring in pre-pharmacy. The woman said that was a great field to go into, and joked that I was going to be a drug dealer. Then he said "hurry up and get through so you can get me some Viagra." At this point I had calmed down and was actually enjoying our conversation.

I said "you look really young and in shape, you can't keep it up?" As I said that, I looked up and down his awesome body and noticeably glanced at his crotch.

His partner spoke up and said "oh, he usually does a pretty good job, but sometimes he just can't keep up with me." Then she walked over and nudged him in the side with her elbow.

He said "After about the third time I need a break, but all she wants is more" and smacked her on the ass as he said it.

I couldn't believe what I was seeing and hearing. Being a horny college student I couldn't help getting turned on by it, and felt my dick starting to swell. 

She looked over at me, and saw the bulge in my pants. I saw her smile, then nudge her partner and nod her head in my direction. "I see you don't need any help either."

The male officer said, "He might not need any pills, but it looks like he needs some kind of help to me" and winked at her.

I got embarrassed and tried to cover the tent in my pants, but she grabbed my hand and said "don't you need some help with that." Then she put her hand at the top of my bulge and slid it down the length of my dick until her fingers cupped my balls. She kept rubbing my cock through my pants.

I looked over at the other officer and saw that he was smiling. Then I noticed a bulge starting to form in his tight fitting uniform pants. 

She was leaning over a little with her back toward him, so he reached out and put his hand on her ass then moved it down between her thighs. When he did that, she leaned over a little bit more and moaned. I knew he must be rubbing her pussy because I saw his wrist moving. 

She was still rubbing my dick through my pants. So I reached out and started feeling those awesome tits of hers. Then I started unbuttoning her shirt. As soon as her shirt was off, her partner reached up with his free hand and unstrapped her bra. It fell to the ground and left her boobs hanging free. So, I went back to groping them.

She undid my pants and pushed them to the ground. My dick sprang free and had pre-cum oozing from it. She grabbed my bare cock and licked the liquid from the tip before impaling her mouth with it. She kept taking more and more of my 8 inch dick in her mouth. I felt it press at the back of her throat then she pushed and it slid down even deeper until her lips were touching the hair.

As she bobbed her head on my member, he unfastened her pants and slid them down her sexy, tight legs. Since she wasn't wearing any underwear, he had full access to her cunt. He spread her legs, crouched down under her, and started licking her slit. He was really going at it, because I heard the slurping sounds he was making when he sucked on her clit. He must have been an expert, by the way she was nearly screaming around my cock.

While he was licking her, she was still giving me a great blowjob. I was holding on to her ponytail and pumping her head down on my dick. Then she started having an orgasm, and just clamped down on my prick, not biting it but just really putting on the pressure. That sent me over the edge and I yelled "I'm cumming, I'm cumming, uuggghhh" as I started shooting my hot cream down her throat. She swallowed it all without loosing a drop.

Since the male officer hadn't gotten any attention yet, he stood up, unbuttoned his uniform pants, and pulled out his huge cock. By the bulge he had I knew it was big, but it was the biggest I have ever seen, at least 10 inches long and 2 ½ inches thick. "Wow! You're hung like horse!" I said aloud.

I let the tail gate down on my truck and leaned against it. He picked her up and sat her on the tailgate. She lied down on her back and spread her legs so he could stand between them. Then he grabbed her by the hips and started easing forward. I grabbed his monster cock and said "I know she's drippin' wet, but I think this needs a little lube too." He looked at me with a questionable look on his face, so I leaned over and engulfed his tool with my mouth. He was so big that my jaws were stretched to the max, but I slowly kept pushing my head further down on his dick. After a few tries, I finally deep throated him and took his entire cock in my mouth. He threw his head back and groaned "aaarrgghhhh". 

I looked up and saw his partner looking at me in amazement, so I reached over and started rubbing her clit. She must have been very turned on by what she saw because her pussy was literally pouring out her wonderful juices. 

I continued sucking his awesome manhood for a couple of minutes, and then I pulled it out of my mouth and aimed it toward his partner's pussy. He, once again, grabbed her by the hips and eased forward. Still holding his cock in my hand, I guided it into her wanting cunt. 

Once he had worked himself in, I moved behind him, wrapped my arms around, and started unbuttoning his shirt. Then I took it completely off to reveal his perfectly chiseled body. With my arms still around him, I pressed myself against him, and started licking and sucking on his ears, while softly running my hands over the front and sides of his body. I kissed and licked my way down his back, then I pushed his trousers the rest of the way down his rippling legs. 

I stood back up, and noticed that the female officer was rubbing her clit while her partner was fucking her. So, I reached over, grabbed her hand and said "I see you need some help with that." 

I bent over and began licking her clit while that huge dick slid in and out right below. As I was sucking on her enlarged nub, I would let my tongue slip down and touch his moving prick. After a few times of me doing this, he pulled out, grabbed the back of my head, plunged his member into my mouth all the way to the base, and slid it completely back out. Then, in one swift motion, he rammed it all the way into her pussy. Then pulled back out and did it again. He continued to alternate between her cunt and my mouth for a few minutes, but then continued fucking her.

I started licking her clit again, and at the same time, I reached up and started fumbling his balls. He slowed his pace a little, so I knelt down under them, between his legs, and started tonguing his balls. He slowed his pumping even more which allowed me to suck his jewels into my mouth. 

After a few minutes of this, I felt his balls tighten up, and he slammed his rod into her and let out several loud groans. He came so much that it was leaking out from around his massive cock and dripping on my chin. I just had to taste him, so, I pushed him back and guided his pulsing member into my mouth and down my throat. I felt him tremble then he fell to his knees, so I leaned over and continued to suck his manhood clean. I looked up and saw him going at it. He was eating his partner's pussy and drinking his own cum from it.

I stood up, sat on the tailgate, and watched him bring her to orgasm once again. There is no telling how many she had already had. I really don't know if you could even count them or if she had one continuous orgasm the whole time he was fucking her.

When he was finished, he looked over at me and said "that was amazing, but I've got to try something." I didn't understand what he was talking about, but then he moved over in front of me and put my dick in his mouth. He gave me the best blow job I have ever had. 

After I blew my load down his throat, we all got our clothes back on and started heading back to our vehicles when he said "Oh, I almost forgot, here's your warning," and handed me the citation. "Try to slow it down a little."