 It was precisely because they were such good friends that made it so difficult to disclose their desires to the other couple. Denise and Jeff had sometimes laughed and sometimes cuddled as they discussed ways to venture into the swinging scene. Her penchant for exhibition had aroused Jeff to enough comfort and bravery that he was able to disclose his innate desire to have more people involved in lovemaking. The couple spent many wonderful nights dreaming up candidates with whom they'd like to become adventurous. Soon afterward, came the scheming and scenarios. How would it happen? What would initiate the play? So many questions to be answered. And, on the heels of those questions, came the questions about boundaries and rules. It seemed to them, almost natural that jealousy and trust be open issues between them. Their relationship was as solid as steel, but clear communication was going to keep it that strong.

Simultaneously shocked and pleased that Denise was willing to experiment in this way, Jeff made discussion about parameters of this adventure a top priority. He was more than content to limit the adventure to soft swing. He recognized his own acute jealousy over Denise's body, and considered carefully what his reactions would be if he saw his goddess and wife engaged in sexual acts with another man. These thoughts brought his desire safely back to earth, reality. Jeff, in what seemed to be natural order these days, was substantially aroused by the thought of Denise touched and pleased by another woman. He worried about his thoughts seeming cliché, but the stereotypical thoughts mattered little in the face of such profound eroticism. His mind played out a thousand combinations of arms, lips, torsos, and eyes. Eyes of the voyeur who was every bit as stimulated, every bit as important as any single participant.

Denise had her own thoughts on the subject of swinging. The wild side of her personality that prepared her for this adventure also surprised her. She had always sought spiritual love. But, being as close to that goal as she thought she'd come, Denise had approved her husband's desire for physical exploration. With a verbal constitution in place, Denise felt secure enough to participate in this adventure, and in truth, was aroused by how adamant her husband had been about her sexual presence in groups of both friends and strangers. She was more worried about who might be the eventual partner or partners. Close friends were not good partners because of the risk of losing such people to the strange head games that played themselves out in these situations. Complete strangers were the most erotic choice because of their mystery. However, mystery can be the root of both intrigue and fear. Not knowing the partner poses so many risks, both palatable and horrific. Acquaintances and co-workers seemed logical compromises with less risk. Although, Denise wondered to herself about giving co-workers the power and will to dismantle the professional image of her recent promotion at work. 

"Who's ever let loose a little body language, hon?" asked Jeff quizzically. 

Reading, and a little shocked at the question, Denise looked over top of her book and glasses at him, but smiled. "I don't know. I don't think anyone has. Certainly nobody's ever made overt gestures of that nature. People are afraid of a negative reaction to that kind of proposal, so they don't tend to do it", she replied.

"What about Sylvia and Dave? No, scrap that idea. They're too close. Imagine losing their friendship to something like this? What about Rosanne? Would you ever writhe in the sheets with her?" Jeff smiled at his own indiscretion. 

"You'd like to imagine that, wouldn't you, darling?" she replied. "That little imagination of yours is working overtime, and I have mixed emotions about that." Denise smiled and turned the page of her book without missing a beat. "I'm not sure, but I don't think that Rosanne is such a stable choice. Her separation looks like an opportunity for us, but it's really just selfish for the two of us to be that opportunistic. She's fragile right now, Jeff. Don't even consider her."

"Who do you think would make a good match for us, angel?" he asked with every intention of making her feel more responsible for the decision. He watched her face as it rolled in thought. Her eyebrow raised, she came back with her answer.

"I think Virginia and Dan would be a nice match," she gestured. His face held the immediate horror of another potential rejection. After all, Ginny and Dan were another very close couple and would likely have the same consequences that sex with Sylvia and Dave had. Maybe worse. They were both professionals with status in their respective workplaces. His job had lead him around the country, but on occasion, they were able to visit Jeff and Denise for divine weekends of drink and merriment. But, never anything sexual, he thought.

Denise thought differently. "Remember that night in Montreal when you two were at Silver's Pub, and Dan told you that he'd be more than willing to sleep with another woman if Ginny gave him permission?" She paused deliberately, to let him sense where she was going. "And do you remember the night that Ginny couldn't be separated from her laptop because she was planning to write the Great American Erotic Novel?" she asked. Her smile was coy, but directed back into her own book. "Well, that's what I call a sexually oriented couple. They have an innate playfulness that's hard to miss, Jeff. I know they're close, but they're also open about their sexuality. Best of all, they are completely dedicated to one another. There isn't a relationship I know that has two people better suited for each other's strengths and weaknesses." Her voice stopped suddenly. Consideration was in the air. His smile was indicative of how her suggestion had hit its mark. He rolled over, and slept on the dreams she had planted in his apt imagination. He danced with those dreams for eight months.

And for those eight months and three visits, nothing happened with Dan and Ginny. Moments were never conducive to the swinging lifestyle. A barbecue, a funeral, and a quick errand made up the three quick and uneventful visits. But on the fourth stay, the two couples had much to talk about. Jeff's job as a manager for an electronics store was in jeopardy. The two couples ate, drank, and commiserated. 

"Where the fuck do they expect me to go after managing an electronics boutique?" Jeff asked rhetorically. He knew that retail was still a fairly open market for his managerial skills. 

"Don't get down, Jeff. Whatever happens, happens for a reason," waxed Ginny. "When things happen, there's a plan in place. Just like the plan that brought you to Denise. Just like the fact that I could drop this fork, and someone would watch my breasts as I stooped to pick it up." There was an awkward silence, followed by gales of laughter as the two couples went from feeling sexual vibes to dismissing Ginny's comment as humourous. 

"No, but seriously, who looked down my blouse as I went to pick up that fork?" Ginny reiterated. Dan was the first to avidly raise his hand like a little child in third grade. He took great pride in the body of his wife, and reminded her of his admiration constantly. Only seconds (which seemed like minutes to all involved) passed before both Jeff and Denise, shy and hesitant, raised their hands as well. Each of them had a smirk, hoping that the sexual connotation might be confused with the humour that trailed from the whole fork incident. "Come on" she added. "Who hasn't had enough to drink here, that they don't feel they could be interested in a little play?"

Wide eyed now, Jeff and Denise looked back at each other and over to Dan who knowingly smiled. His look told them that this question must have been planned ahead of time. There didn't seem to be any humour left in the fork incident, but the whole thing did drip of sexuality. Denise got up to clear away the last of the dinner dishes, but couldn't escape the innuendo of Ginny's sexual query. Denise stood at the sink rinsing dishes. The two men seemed to have disappeared. Ginny pressed up against Denise's smaller, versatile body, and took Denise's hand away from both plates and water faucet. As their hands connected on the faucet, water spurted toward them as an excited gesture of what was to come.

Denise, unable to avoid the overt sexual presence behind her, whirled around to confront her wine-bolstered friend. She started to say something and stopped herself. Ginny laughed at the resultant stutter. Denise, looking coyly at Ginny, finally found words for her feelings. "There's gotta be rules about this, Ginny. I'm not sure how ready the four of us are." Before Denise could say another word, Ginny's finger came up, pressed against Denise's lips, and stopped her in mid-thought. Ginny pulled her finger back when she was sure Denise would be silent, and kissed that finger, pressing it back down on Denise's lips where it had been seconds earlier. 

"That's what the boys are talking about now, Denise. I'm sure of it," she offered. "Dan and I feel exactly the same. We would hate to lose you to over aggressive behaviour in one drunken night of lovemaking. I think we should trust the boys are upstairs now, talking it over."

Jeff and Dan had not been upstairs at all. Although, they had, as Ginny assumed, been talking about the parameters of the night ahead. Both had agreed to a brief discussion with the girls before anything was to begin. Both men knew it was wrong to build guidelines without their wives present. Both men were sensitive lovers, a rarity in this day and age.

Discussion did not last long. Adrenaline hastily initiated the trip to the bedroom. The four, still fully clothed, sat on the pine four-post bed. There seemed some hesitation about where each body should go. None of them had done this before, and Ginny was the most intrigued, Denise was the most avid, having already taken off her sweater blouse. Dan was the least awkward and Jeff, the most nervous. Each had a role, but all four had come to a crashing halt with awkwardness. 

Denise's voice broke the tension. Six other eyes trained on the beautiful bra that held her petite perky breasts. "Over to a corner boys. It's time for us to get comfortable, and you're not part of the equation yet. Ok?" she asserted. The boys, knowing obedience would help them in the long run, did exactly as they were told. Both skulked to the corners of the room, sitting in uncomfortable decorative chairs placed there for seemingly aesthetic purposes. They grinned with the realization that their immediate obedience was about to be rewarded. 

Ginny's hand traveled to Denise's cheek. The back of her hand danced lightly over the silky skin of her friend's face. Their heads turned instinctively to the men. Deliberate smiles demonstrated they knew precisely the impact of their actions on the boys. But at that same moment, there came a shroud of abandonment over the bodies of the two women. Their bodies melted into each other. Denise's lips, parted and pouty, engulfed those of her lush partner. Tongues danced, entwined in sexual arousal. No caution remained in the bodies of the women. Something more "animal" had taken them to their writhing, wanting state. 

Clothes came off with urgency. Dan and Jeff looked on, wishing for an excuse to join, but knowing conventional wisdom would not suggest they move from their perches. The removal of pants from each of the ladies was the last moment of graceless animal lust. Pant legs are never easy to shed in the heat of passion. The bed's linens were quickly becoming a pile at the foot of the bed. Denise had elevated herself over Ginny, and the two ran hands over one another. Denise dipped her head in for another kiss. Her breasts, gently brushing along Ginny's, were making both sets of areolas alert with attention. One more deliberate touch and both women would have diamond-hard nipples. 

Briefly, the eyes of the two men came together. Each had his hand firmly planted in his pants. The soft undulation of their wives' bodies gave them calm hearts and wild minds. The obedience that kept them there was strained to its limit. The women's bodies were knotted in passion now, and the gentle moans wafted to the corners where the men were quickly losing their voyeur status. They edged to the bed for a closer look, rewarded by the sight of Denise ingesting one of Ginny's grand breasts. Ginny's hand smoothly surfed Denise's torso and buried itself in her friend's wetness. Denise, stopped, eyes closed, and smiled with thoughts of how unique it was to feel another woman's hand teasing her clitoris. Denise knew Ginny had a greater sense of where and how to touch her body; greater than her husband, who could be clumsy and rough when most excited. "Well, who do we have here?" asked the playful Ginny, as the two men skulked closer. "Weren't you two supposed to stay in place?" she added. A noise emitted from Dan's throat that sounded something like a contrite puppy wanting to be closer to his owner. The girls smiled and pulled each others' husband by the hand until the bodies littered the bed in delicious angles. 

Dan's back was against the pine headboard, his legs generously spread to allow for his inflated genitalia. Jeff, on his side, was already nicely aligned with Ginny, whose hand began to stroke the cock of her husband's close friend. The two engaged in experimental kisses, kisses dipped in the humour of what a new situation this really was. Denise settled in beside Dan's thigh, kissing it and reaching gingerly for his balls. Dan's smile was interrupted by a more serious look of enjoyment and concentration. His cock had momentarily wilted while positioning himself against the bed. Quickly, however, this was remedied, as Denise put her head on top of his thigh and watched at close proximity while her lithe little hand rose from Dan's balls to the base of his thick cock. His head tilted back as he realized the wonder of having this hand, much smaller than his wife's, stroking his manhood. Both men groaned simultaneously, and the women laughed at this audibly awkward moment. 

Ginny crawled onto Jeff's right leg and pushed her ample breasts into and over his swollen member. She rode high over the cock, bending it back, ready to have him cum all over his belly and the underside of her large supple breasts. Her body, surfing on his hips, making short work of his will to avoid cumming.

Denise, her hand stroking the underside of Dan's shaft, reached out and ran her thin fingers over the side of Ginny's cheek, briefly pausing to stroke the outside of Ginny's breast too; the same breast that housed her husband's spasming cock. She gently tucked Dan's throbbing manhood into the softness of her armpit and sensually jerked him, boldly, playfully, looking at her three partners, waiting for Dan's warm load to fill the cavity under her arm, while talking dirty to him. Once his rocking body subsided, she lay her head on his stomach and the four of them took a brief respite before returning the favour. 

The boys exchanged quick smiles while their partners quickly moved to the positions that suited them best. Denise lay on her back, tossing the pillow to the ground, her whole body flat, anticipating Dan's thick hand. Ginny, never too tired to try something new, pulled herself up on the headboard, kneeling. She hurriedly pulled Jeff up behind her, spooning her, pulling his hand around her hip to play with her clit while his stomach and cock rested on her back. His rhythm and diligence were wonderful. His fingers slipped inside, dipping her wetness over her sensitive clitoris. Briefly and exquisitely, Denise's hand came and joined her husband's in the core of Ginny's wetness. Fingers, mingling, Ginny gave herself over to her thunderous orgasm.

Denise lay focused. Her hands wandering, her mind alert to every nuance of Dan's gentle hand. His finger gently curled inside her. Dan teased her breasts with help from Ginny who could just reach. Her breath became rushed and she felt the waves of excitement ride over her, washing away her distractions. Her orgasm, prompted by this new man, came so strongly that her body rocked. She grabbed his rugged shoulders and braced herself as she came from head to toe. 

There was, however, no instant drifting into sleep. Bodies gently maneuvered themselves like sailboats on night waters. Swift precision. Then, subsiding, the four fell asleep, content to hold and share without words, the surprise and satisfaction of something that had been so forbidden just two hours earlier.