 The big General Electric CF-6 engine on the 767 droned steadily as it winged its way Westbound, 30,000 feet above the American heartland. Kathy stared out the window, her mind buzzing with thoughts of what lay ahead. Her transition was almost complete, from mousey, prudish housewife, to a total slut. And the adventure at the end of this journey would make it so.

She thought back to how it all began, right after her husband Ken's death. She had married young to a much older man. He was a bastard and had controlled every facet of her life. Because of her youth and having been brought up by strict, over protective parents, she was naive to worldly things, especially anything to do with sex. Ken had contributed little to her enlightenment in that regard, for their once a week sex in the missionary position with little or no foreplay was all he was interested in.

Living with him on their dairy farm, she worked long days, taking care of the house, but also doing many chores around the farm. She had little time for makeup, doing her hair or pampering herself in any way. Her entertainment was limited to the occasional television show and the constant blare of her husband's favorite country music station. Most nights she just fell into bed, dead tired from the long day. Fortunately, no children had blessed their union, a miscarriage and hysterectomy at 18, ten months into the marriage had made sure of that. 

When Ken died, she was at first lost, unable to cope, but somehow made it through the initial shock. Ken had no other family, so the farm was hers, and she was astonished to find out how much it and the livestock were worth. Wanting nothing more to do with it, she put the place up for sale and sold it for a tidy sum. Her marriage to him was a chapter of her life that she wanted to forget.

She was able, with the windfall, to purchase a comfortable house in the suburbs and put away a significant nest egg. With her new independence, she decided to go back to school and take interior design, something she had been interested in for quite awhile, but had never been allowed to pursue. 

After 22 years in a bad relationship, she was finally able to spread her wings and discover things that had previously been taboo. It was soon after she started her classes that she bought a computer and discovered the world of the internet. 

It hadn't taken her long to discover the vast amount of sex related sights. It was there that her transformation had begun. She could hardly believe the variety of sexual activity depicted online. Never in her years of marriage had Ken put his lips anywhere other than on hers and her breasts. And he had never ever suggested that she take his penis in her mouth or up her anus. Looking at pictures and video clips of such activity had certainly opened her eyes. She was embarrassed at first by the feelings of excitement she felt while viewing such images. 

And then she had found the world of chat rooms. Initially she just was a lurker, remaining silent and watching others in their sexual play. She found out quickly, that a woman revealing her self in a chat room had no problem finding someone with which to connect, male or female. She observed this sub culture intently, making herself aware of the subtleties of these places, knowledge being her ally if she was to reveal herself and find pleasure here.

And after a few months of just observing, she did reveal herself. It was a new and exciting experience. She engaged in cyber sex with both men and women, playing roles, trying everything and anything. Soon typing words like, cock and cunt, fuck and suck, which had not been in her vocabulary, became almost second nature to her. She sat before her computer into the wee hours, often masturbating as she enjoyed anonymous sex with cyber partners. The cyber world was so addicting. She was also beginning to discover her inner self that for so many years had been repressed. 

As time passed phone sex became a part of her life. She loved it, hearing the words that before she only read on her computer screen. It was so much more intimate than cyber. She found she was good at it, able to work her phone partners into sexual frenzy. She loved the low animalistic growls of pleasure that they made when they came. She developed quite a reputation, using her online nickname, "Horny Widow", as a phone sex slut. It wasn't, however, until she met Rick, that her journey towards being a complete slut really began. 

Rick was different; she could tell that from the first time they chatted on line. He took time with her, getting to know her feelings, not just using her for "wham bam thank you mam" gratification. They chatted for hours; he cared about her thoughts, her needs, and her desires. The first time she heard his voice, she knew that he was the one that she would take the next step with.

They had been chatting online and on the phone for several months when the opportunity presented itself. He was traveling to a city only an hour and a half from her home on business. He suggested that they meet for dinner and she was more than ready. There was an immediate sexual spark between them and dinner was forgotten as they rushed to his hotel room. 

For her, it had been everything she had hoped. Rick took his time; the focus was all on her and her pleasure. He explored her body with fingertips and lips, caressing every curve and turn. And when, for the first time, a man's lips found her hot center, she lost control, crying out in pleasure, gripping his hair, experiencing sensations that she had not believed possible. He made her cum over and over with his skilled lips and tongue, and then when she thought she could take no more, he entered her.

Again he went slowly, a beautiful rhythm, letting the sensations build, until again she cried out and her body shook. It was only then that he allowed his own pleasure to take the forefront, thrusting hard and deep until a deep grunt of pleasure escaped his throat and he exploded deep inside her. 

They made love numerous times over the next two days. Both were insatiable. He became her teacher, letting her try things, her needs the most important. For the first time, at age 42, she sucked a man's cock. She enjoyed that pleasure immensely, loving the texture, the scent and the taste of his flesh. And when, she brought him to the edge, and he tried to pull away, she clamped her lips around him, letting his seed spurt into her mouth, savoring this new sensation, truly enjoying the taste of his cum. 

Their relationship was intense; he went out of his way to allow her to fulfill her deepest desires. She experimented with everything, anal sex, light bondage, even some pee play in the shower. They did it in public places; the possibility of perhaps getting caught exciting her. And she, not Rick, had introduced a digital camera into their trysts. She posted photos of herself on the net, careful not to allow her entire face to be displayed, yet aroused by the thoughts of men masturbating over her naked image. 

They even tried some threesomes, Rick arranging discreet partners, both male and female to join them. It was after one of those sessions, after the other woman had left, that the idea of her participating in a gang bang had come up. She mentioned to him that she had got turned on by an online video of a woman with a group of men. When he said that he could set something like that up, she became excited and encouraged him to do so.

And that was how she had ended up on this flight, heading to Vegas to meet Rick and his golf buddies and finally becoming a true cum slut. The announcement that the plane was in it's final descent snapped her back from her daydreaming, and she felt a tingle of excitement as the wheels touched down on the runway.

A limo, arranged by Rick was waiting for her and drove her to the Bellagio. What a beautiful place she thought as she registered and took in the opulent surroundings. Rick had arranged everything first class, taking care of her as he always did.

When she got to her suite, she marveled at the luxury and the attention to detail, mentally making note of some things that she would use in her little design business back home. She saw the flashing message light and picked up the phone. It was Rick, letting her know that they were out golfing and would call her around 8:00 PM after they got back to the hotel. He told her he had arranged a spa treatment for her and was looking forward to seeing her tonight. 

She unpacked and called the spa, arranging a facial, manicure and pedicure. She thought back to the years on the farm and how not once had Ken allowed her to spend money on a beauty treatment, save for a cheap haircut. 

After the spa, she came back and ordered in a light dinner and a glass of wine. She ate alone, her thoughts now turning to what she was about to do. Sex with Rick and his seven buddies, her nipples tingled just at the idea of it. She sipped her wine, wishing that the time would pass more quickly; she was ready and wanted it to happen now.

When the phone rang, she jumped, the anticipation having made her tense. She heard Rick's soft voice, "Are you sure you want this?' he said, "You can still change your mind and no one will be upset."

"Yes, I want it," she whispered into the phone "I need this!"

With that, he gave her the suite number and the phone disconnected. She went to the bathroom and checked herself out in the big mirror. She looked good, she thought, the simple black dress she had picked accentuated her figure, especially her full breasts and curvy hips. She was a sexy lady; the mousey farm wife had become one hot woman. She turned and headed out of her room, walking purposely toward her adventure.

Rick let her in and the heads of all the men in the room turned toward her. She felt her skin flush as she knew what they were thinking. Things were unhurried, introductions, small talk as everyone tried to be comfortable. Rick's friends were all well groomed and polite, all in their mid to late forties. She could feel the excitement build with every passing moment, and was ecstatic when Rick finally said, "It's time."

She excused herself, going to the bathroom, closing the door behind herself. She stripped off her dress, hanging it on a hook on the door. She removed her bra, smiling as she admired her own breasts in the mirror. Her fingertips slid into the waistband of her panties and she slipped them off, baring her freshly shaved sex. She decided to leave on her stockings and pumps, thinking that they made her legs look more attractive and that they would turn the guys on. With a last glance at herself, she turned and opened the door.

Her eyes widened as she saw that all the men were naked. She should have expected this, and the initial shock turned quickly to excitement. She moved to the center of the room, walking confidently, hearing the whispered compliments of the men. A quiet filled the room, no one seeming to know how to begin. It was her show, she thought, and she decided to take control.

She moved toward one of the men who was seated in the corner, dropping down to her knees as she parted his legs. Her nipples brushed his legs as she took his already hard shaft in hand and dipped her lips to the head. Her body was hot, the knowledge that seven others were watching her made her skin tingle. She skillfully teased him with her lips and tongue, coating his cock with her saliva, slurping noisily on purpose to excite the others. 

She moved around then, finding each of their cocks with her lips, teasing them as she had the first, her excitement increasing with each passing second. She left Rick to last, taking his familiar shaft deep into her throat as she had so many times. 

She let him pop from her lips, his cock rock hard. She looked into his eyes and whispered, "Lie down!"

He lay on his back and she straddled him, lowering her dripping slit onto his engorged shaft. She began fucking him, riding his cock as her big tits jiggled and swayed, seven pairs of eyes fixed on her. 

As she rode Rick, the others began to move. She felt a presence behind her, a strong hand sliding up her back, easing her forward. A hard cock pressed against the puckered star of her anus. It pressed in, past the tight sphincter and a twinge of pain mixed with her pleasure as the cock pushed into her bowels. Two cocks filled her now, and she moved her hips slowly, sensuously against them.

A third hard cock bobbed before her and she found it with her lips. Things became a blur then, her hands finding other cocks as she sucked and was fucked. Hands groped her body, the sensations overwhelming. She had never felt more alive, this was what she wanted, needed. Cock replaced cock in her mouth and ass, the only constant was Rick's beautiful shaft in her hot cunt. 

The waves of pleasure broke over her again and again. Her body shook as a powerful orgasm gripped her. As she did, she felt Rick's strong hands on her waist, holding her, reassuring her. 

She heard a deep growl of pleasure as the man fucking her ass flooded her bowels with his hot seed. Almost simultaneously the cock in her mouth erupted, the thick creamy cum sliding into her throat as she swallowed greedily. Other cocks spurted, semen shooting onto her back, her face and into her hair. She felt a deep satisfaction from being able to pleasure so many men at once. Another cock was pushed into her willing mouth and she suckled it as it too released a heavy load. As that cock slipped from her lips, her fingers moved to her cheek, scooping a glob of jizz into her mouth. 

One by one the men pulled away, until only she and Rick remained together. She rose up, riding him, clenching her muscles around his flesh. Her eyes caught his, just as his hips rose and his beautiful cock spurted deep inside her. Her arms found him, hugging him tightly, holding him close as they lay together savoring the sweet afterglow of sex. She closed her eyes, her head nestled against his chest, feeling him gently stroking her hair as their bodies calmed. 

She did not know how long they lay together that way, but when she finally opened her eyes, the others were gone. She rose up on her elbows, smiling down at Rick, grinning like a Cheshire cat. Her lips found his and they kissed long and deeply, acknowledging the bond they shared, letting each other know that everything was alright.

Her mind whirled, it had been quite an experience, one she would not soon forget, and one that she hoped would be repeated before she had to fly home. Her transformation seemed complete, and she felt very content.