 She called again last night. I'd told her that my mom had "trap and block" as well as caller ID but she said she didn't care, I belonged to her and that was that.

God, I was so afraid my mom would walk-in when she was on the phone, especially when her husband got on a 3-way call. They demanded I say things to them that, if my mom heard, she'd probably disown me. I've still got to graduate from high school and then there's college.

OK, I'm 18 and an adult but I still live at home and my mom has made it clear that as long as I'm there, I'll abide by her rules. I really didn't or don't have a problem with that, really. It's just, I want to follow her rules but my "forbidden" desires sometimes so overwhelm me that I just throw caution to the wind.

That's what happened when I responded to an e-mail that was sent to me by accident, or so they said.

The e-mail read, 'Hi, bored with the mundane spam that infects most computers? Write back and let's discuss other options.'

Well OK, I get tons and tons of unsolicited e-mail every day so I thought, 'why not'. Besides, the message came on a day I didn't have any papers for school due and my p/t job hours had been shifted so there I was, surfing. 

My reply to the e-mail got me this reply, 'We're so glad you responded, you, like us must be ready to scream over the number and type of spam people are sending. Do you have or use a chat channel? If so, what is it and you name? We'd love to chat with you. We are Diane and Wayne.'

As I said, I found myself with not much else to do unless I wanted to get dressed and go to the Mall. I know, I could have picked up a book to read, but I didn't. I replied, 'My name is xxxx. I go by xxxxxx on chat and I use xxxx. So, what do you do about all the spam? I just usually delete the whole folder and don't even look at any of the messages.'

Usually I'm very shy and timid until I get to know someone but the net sorta makes everyone a little more bold. I know it does me. I mean, I'm still very submissive even with people I know and had been so with the 2 older, aggressive women I'd been with. 

Well, our messages proceeded to go back and forth as I wasn't ready quite yet to just jump on a chat channel with Diane and Wayne. That sorta bothered me, Wayne, a man. I'd never been with a man and certainly hadn't ever chatted with one so wasn't to sure what to expect. Funny huh, here I was in my bedroom, several states away from where they said they lived and I was still nervous about being with a man. Just teenage jitters I guess.

Anyhow, we finally got on a chat channel and our conversations seemed to just sort of drift to sex. At first I wasn't to aware of what was happening but it seemed I was soon telling them my most intimate desires and fantasies. Then, to my disbelief, I told them in detail about the two older women I'd been with. 

The first was my volleyball coach and the second was a woman I'd met on one of her business trips. 

Even as I was telling them about my experiences, I was appalled that I continued to respond to Diane's asking more and more probing questions. I guess I was just caught in a stupor and did what she was asking -- telling me what to do.

Before I knew it, we'd been chatting for over 3 hours. I felt totally drained but for some reason, was very sexually excited at the same time. Wayne didn't write much as I remember, occasionally he'd put in a short statement, comment or ask a question but I was so totally engrossed, I guess I didn't even realize I was chatting with him and not her.

We agreed to get back on-line a couple of days later. My mom was going to be out of town on a weekend business meeting and I'd have all afternoon, evening and night. I couldn't believe how excited I became during the next couple of days as I thought back over what we'd chatted about and how it had made me feel. The feeling of anticipation of chatting with her again had taken over my thoughts.

Our chat wasn't but about an hour old when Diane demanded I give her my phone number and for me to meet them that night at a local club. In our initial chat I'd told her I lived in Dallas. What I didn't know was that they were quite wealthy and could travel anywhere they wanted, whenever they wanted. Seems they'd flown to Dallas and gotten a suite at the Anatole hotel on Stemmons just waiting for me to contact them on the chat line.

I'd never been to a club, I don't drink, so I said, "Well, maybe I could meet you at Friday's? The one on Abrams is fairly close to me." 

"You be there by 8:00 p.m." Diane demanded. "Wear your high school outfit and no bra or panties". 

Her words cut into me as I realized I'd progressed to a point where I didn't seem to be able to think for myself. No bra or panties.. oh my God, what had I gotten myself into, I thought. I never go out without panties. Bra, yes, sometimes but have to be careful cause, even though am very small in the chest area, my nipples do give me away sometimes.

'No panties or bra...oh God', the idea went through my mind like fire over and over. In Friday's. 'Good thing it's dark in most of the areas', I thought. Even though I have teeny breasts, my nipples can really protrude sometimes, especially if it's cold; they rub against my blouse or, I'm totally excited. My breasts are so sensitive; the coach had even made me cum by just playing with them numerous times. I remember them growing as long as an eraser as I was dressing as instructed.

The drive to Fridays seemed to be over before I knew it. I was so agitated from what was said and how I was dressed, my biggest worry was whether I'd put a damp spot on the back of my pleated school dress. I'd put a throw over my shoulder as I just wasn't ready to walk into Fridays with a white blouse on that had two pointed headlights for all to see.

They'd sent me some pictures when we were chatting so I started looking for a couple in their mid-40's. He had been described as being 6'2", 200 with dark hair slightly graying at the temples. She's said she was 5'10" but would be wearing 3" heels. Her description, as stated by Wayne, was 140, 36 C, 35, 37. So I looked for the tallest brunette woman in the place. 

The couple standing at the bar just watching me matched what they'd said and the pictures they'd sent, although the pictures were probably a few years old. Anyhow, they did look quite attractive but they made me uncomfortable just watching me and smiling. I didn't know whether to wait for them or approach. 

Diane made the decision for me and motioned for me to follow them to a table. They'd been there for a few minutes and had already selected a table and had a Sprite waiting for me.

My 5'8" was dwarfed by both Dianne towering over me by a full 5" as she'd also told me to wear flats. They didn't touch me at all even when I had to slide into the booth. Wayne got on one side and Diane on the other. Diane moved right up against me while Wayne sat some distance away, near the edge of the booth.

"So Kitten", Dianne started, "You've done well by obeying my instructions on being on time. How about the other things?" 

With her question, she moved the throw off of my shoulder and flicked her fingers across my left breast nipple. I jumped from the electric shock I got from her touch. Wayne just watched and smiled. His watching made me nervous but, at the same time, I felt tingly all over too.

"Good sweetie, your nipples are just like I love them. They are going to please me a lot, as you are. I'm not to happy you wore this over your shoulders. It's not that chilly out. Now, how about down here?" As she spoke, her hand slowly moved up my thigh and ever so slowly and gently, touched my outer lips. I was so wet and I knew she was going to know soon too. I was as naked and bare as she had ordered me to be. 

It was dark but people were all around. It was a typical Saturday night at Fridays and lots of people were there. Also, the waiters just seemed to hover right around our table. I didn't know whether to jump up and run out or hide under the table. I just knew everyone must know what Dianne was doing to me.

They had a drink, I don't even remember what and my Sprite was still half full when Dianne pulled me up and walked me to the door leaving Wayne to pay the bill.

A huge limousine was sitting at the front door. A Lincoln limousine Town Car, Dianne pushed me into the back seat and got in and was hugging me almost before the door closed. She was kissing my face and neck and telling me how much I was going to love doing things to her. Wayne got in facing us still with that peculiar smile on his face.

Everything was happening so fast, I still was in sort of a daze. She was totally gorgeous and she virtually reeked of sex. She had on a black silk wrap-around dress that, when she'd gotten up from the booth opened and showed lots of beautiful leg. One of the legs now was almost totally out of her dress. I found myself kissing her back when she forcefully pulled my head to hers and started kissing me, forcing my mouth open. 

Suddenly she just sat up, opened her dress and I saw she was dressed as I was except I had a blouse on and she a dress. Her breasts were fantastic, just a slight sag, but full and her areola was large and very dark. The nipples were like mine, quite long and extended. 

Where I keep my bush in a Bikini trim most of the time, sometimes shaved, she had so much hair between her legs, it was a massive amount of pubic hair and I was lost.

-----To be continued if anyone is interested.

Appreciate any and all comments - R 