 It was Tuesday evening. David filled the dishwasher and cleared the table after the meal Jessica cooked. Jessica poured herself another glass of wine and returned to her crossword, thinking a break from it during dinner may give her some fresh ideas. 'No,' Jessica thought, 'nothing worked.' Frustrated, she finished the glass of wine and decided to take a shower after her busy day. "Babe, I'm gonna jump in the shower," Jessica remarked as she passed David in the kitchen. David finished clearing and heard the shower, drinking the last of his wine.

Jessica tilted her head and let the warm water flow down her hair, neck and finally her back, washing the stress of the day away. The shower door opened. Jessica had her back to the door. She felt David's hands on her shoulders gently start to massage them. She sighed. "Can I join you?" David asked. Without saying a word, she turned and kissed him passionately, running her tongue across his lips, while pulling him with her hands on his hips into the shower.

David moaned after they broke the embrace; she knew how much he loved to have her run her tongue across his lips, so sexually suggestive. He turned her around, her back facing him and she put her hands against the wall of the shower. David wrapped his arms around her waist moving closer, placing his lips on her neck, kissing and licking the nape. Jessica moved her head to the other side to give him better access, his kisses felt like butterflies fanning their wings on her neck, making her entire body tingle. He continued to kiss and lick her neck working his way to her earlobe. A moan escaped her lips and he sucked on her ear. She whispered, "That's right, Baby. You know what I love." His tongue explored her ear, probing and swirling.

Her heart beat faster as his hands found her breasts, her nipples now hard, he worked them with his thumb and forefinger as he continued to lick and suck her earlobe. Jessica ran her hand down her stomach and teased her clit with her finger, running two fingers around the outside of her pussy lips. She felt his hard cock against her ass. She reached between her legs, grabbed the shaft of David's long hard dick, and pulled it between her legs, as he moaned still working her earlobe with his tongue. Jessica held his cock so the head was against her erect clit and her pussy lips enveloped his cock like a hotdog in a bun.

Holding his cock with her hand and bucking against it, she closed her eyes and thought about how much pleasure it had given her since they first met. Its owner had broadened her sexual horizons, showing her affection, love and understanding like she had not felt for years. Her thoughts were broken by David's tongue leaving her earlobe and his right hand moving up her chest, his fingers on her chin, turning her lips to his, kissing her deeply. His tongue wild in her mouth, she loved the way he kissed her. David pulled away and looked into Jessica eyes, he didn't have to say anything she knew what he was thinking. She kissed him again, as she turned to face him, "Ok Babe, I'll wait in bed." Jessica said with a devilish look.

As she got out of the shower, she brushed her hand against his cute ass as if to say "hurry sexy". She dried herself, grabbed another glass of wine, and headed for the bedroom. David finished washing and rinsing himself, grabbed a towel and hurriedly dried his body and went to the bathroom cabinet to put a dab of Jessica's favorite aftershave she had got him. He put the towel around his waist and proceeded to head to the bedroom, turning off the lights as he went. Jessica was on the bed naked with her legs apart, running her finger up her gleaming wet slit. The bedside light reflected off of Jessica's beautiful olive complexion. David kneeled on the floor next to her face and kissed her, asking her if she was enjoying herself. Jessica moaned " I want you inside me, filling me with your cock. I want to feel it so hard and deep."

He stood and let the towel drop to the floor revealing his long silky smooth shaft. Jessica put her left hand around his hips on his ass drawing his enlarged cock head to her lips. Smiling, she ran her tongue around the head already glistening with precum, working under the head with her pierced tongue. Opening her lips with her tongue still out, she let the shaft glide into her mouth. Her mouth now filled with cock, Jessica felt David's hand on the back of her head as he started to thrust, fucking her mouth. She put her hand on his balls and tested to see if they were full and hard, her suspicions were right. She pulled her mouth away from his thrusting cock and he released a sigh. She tilted her head off of the bed, between his legs and gave his balls a good tongue lapping; she could feel his body tighten. 

Moving her head onto the bed, she looked into David's eyes, "Baby, I want to be fucked now. I want to feel you fill me with your cum. I want to soak your cock with my juices." Licking her lips as she finished her request, David needed no more prompting as he had almost cum when he saw her licking lips. He rolled her to her right side and moved behind her. Jessica raised her left leg and felt his hard cock poking between her swollen pussy lips. She spread her lips and felt the head of his cock enter. So wet, she felt his huge bell-like cockhead pop into her. Jessica laid back squirming and grinding against the head of David's cock. His right arm between her neck and the pillow, he fondled her breasts with his right hand. His left hand worked her erect clit. Slowly, he pushed each inch of his cock into her waiting well.

Jessica felt every inch of him filling her as he returned to her neck and earlobe with his talented tongue and soft, yet strong, lips. With her ears getting tongued, her clit being rubbed and his incredible shaft filling her tight wet cunt, she knew it was all about to send her over the edge. "Oh fuck, Baby. I'm gonna cum soon. Fuck me harder. Yeah that's it. You know I love to feel your cock deep and hard. Slam me harder and deeper."

David quickly built speed and thrust harder. Jessica could hear his balls slapping against her sweat drenched ass cheeks as her pussy tightened around his cock. She reached around, put her left hand on his ass, and pulled him in tight as she ground against his groin, digging in her fingernails, losing control. David whispered into her ear, "You're gonna cum for me now, aren't you, Baby. Cum on my cock."

Jessica's entire body heaved and tensed, bucking wildly. She screamed, "Oh, fuck yes. Oh, fuck. I'm cumming. Oh, fuck me deep." Grabbing his ass and slamming against it, she begged, "Oh baby please cum with me. I'm still cumming. Fill me with your cum. I want to feel you explode inside me."

David felt his orgasm cumming, whispering into her ear, "Babe I'm going to cum deep inside your cunt, filling you with my spunk." Jessica felt him tense and thrust hard as the first load of cum exploded from his cock like a canon filling her pussy. David was panting and moaning, "Fuck oh fuck, I'm cumming. I'm cumming inside you." Jessica sank into the abyss again as another wave of pleasure washed over her tight body.

She came again and screamed, "That's it, Baby. Blow inside me; I wanna feel it inside of my cunt. Oh Baby, it feels so good. Oh Baby, you're such a good boy blowing inside me". She felt the last of his cum explode inside her, he had filled her so much it was dripping from her swollen pussy down her legs. Both of them lying there regaining their breath, his cock still buried inside her the way she liked it. Jessica used her finger to get some of his spunk off of her leg and tasted it. "Mmm you taste nice, Baby," she said as she turned and kissed him. David returned the kiss and flipped off the light switch, slowly his cock shrank and slipped out of her, his arm still around her holding her tight.

He purred in to her ear, as she drifted into a deep sleep she heard him say, "Leave Thursday night free."

Wednesday came and went like every other day, starting the day with kisses and cuddles. As evening approached, Jessica went to the gym to pick up David while his car was being serviced. He was sweaty after going an hour with his personal trainer. He was talking to the trainer when he spotted Jessica waiting outside. He said, "Goodbye," walked to her and gave Jessica a kiss.

"What are you so happy about?" She asked.

"Oh, nothing, just a good workout," he responded. Jessica had admired Kristy's body since she had been training David for the last 3 months.

On the ride home she breathed in his musky sweat scent, it made her moist between her legs. That night was a quiet one: dinner, TV and bed. Snuggling before bed, they drifted to sleep in each other's arms. Thursday morning on the way out the door David said, "Don't forget about tonight."

Jessica thought for a while. 'What is he talking about? He said something about Thursday night on Tuesday evening.' To the empty room, she said, "Hmm, better get my legs waxed." If he was taking her to dinner or some place special, it would be best to be prepared. That afternoon, David arrived home a little earlier than usual. Kissing him, Jessica said, "You just missed my brother. He came for the lawnmower."

"Oh, yeah. He's cleaning," he said as he untied his tie. "I thought we'd get home delivery tonight, Hun," he continued.

"Sounds good, I'm easy," replied Jessica. The food arrived soon after. She thought, 'What's so special about tonight? What was the big deal about leaving tonight free?' She felt a little disappointed. David finished his meal and started clearing. Jessica watched him fill the dishwasher and thought, 'Something was on his mind. Why the cocky smile on his face?'

She ignored her disappointment and went for a shower. After her shower, she found David in the bedroom sitting on the bed looking at her in a way she had never seen before. "What's wrong babe?" She asked. He smiled and explained he had purchased some special items last week, some things they had previously talked about but never purchased. As Jessica was still standing in her towel, he opened his briefcase pulling out some colorful silk scarves and a silk blindfold. The instant she saw them, she got very wet thinking about what's going to come of the night ahead.

David stood and kissed Jessica deeply and passionately. Untucking her towel and letting it drop, he turned her around so her back was facing the bed. Continuing to kiss her soft lips, he lowered her to the bed. He broke the embrace and smiled at her. Jessica murmured, "What are you doing?" Already, a fire raged below. He went to the right side of the bed and tied scarves to the top and bottom posts of the bed. Running his hands up Jessica's arms, he moved her right wrist to the bottom post and tied the scarf around her wrist firmly yet gently. He repeated this with her left wrist to the top post. He slid the blindfold over Jessica's eyes; she felt apprehensive, vulnerable yet intrigued and very aroused.

David explained a certain condition of tonight's interlude. He spoke with that sexy voice she loved "Ok, if this gets to much for you, you don't like what's happening and you really want it to stop, use the dogs name. If you're screaming, "No. No." I'll know it's ok to continue, Ok babe."

Jessica nodded and said, "Yes." David bent and kissed her and she couldn't believe how it felt. She normally kissed him with her eyes closed opening them every now and then to look into his eyes. However, even if she did want to open them, she was blindfolded and her other senses were heightened. David's lips felt so sensual across hers and his tongue darting in and out of her mouth made her melt. She moaned as his tongue started to explore her neck and then her nipples, which were fast becoming rock-hard. 

He moved to the other side of the bed, lifting Jessica's legs and sucking on her toes, first one foot then the other. Jessica felt every little flicker of his tongue. Oh, her pussy was so fucking wet. Normally, she could rub it with her hand but her wrists were tied. She wanted to cry out, "Mmm lick me, eat me, suck on my pussy," but she bit her lip and waited. Soon, he was planting soft kisses all the way to her silky thighs, closing in on her honey pot.

Repositioning himself on the bed laying on his stomach, his knees on the floor he could smell Jessica's wet slit, her tight little bald cunt was so arousing. Using a finger, he tested her wetness. Jessica felt his lovely finger slide inside her as his thumb rested on her throbbing clit. "Mmm, baby," she moaned. Running his tongue around her pussy, licking up all her juicy cream, gently starting to kneed her clit with his thumb. Running both of his hands under her thighs and grabbing her ass cheeks, he lifted them up so he could drink for her warm well. Like someone licking their plate clean, he licked and sucked using his tongue to get deep inside her hot hole.

Jessica bucked like crazy against his face, grinding against it, locking her legs around his head feeling her pleasure flowing through her body; she could only imagine what his face looked like buried between her legs. She knew she was mere seconds away from cumming yet she couldn't grab his head and push it deep inside her, feeling his long tongue probe into her swollen gash. She cried, "Deeper harder babe, I'm gonna explode all over your face soon". Jessica rode and bucked against his head as if she had a soccer ball between her legs. Suddenly, they were interrupted. 'Fuck, was that the doorbell?' Jessica thought. She felt David stop licking and tonguing her mound.

"Babe, that's the front door, I better go see who it is." David said as he got off of the bed.

"No. No. Don't worry about it. I need you to finish what you were doing," Jessica pleaded.

"Might be important," he replied.

'Fuck,' Jessica thought. I was about to cum so hard against his tongue and face and some dickhead knocks on the door.' She felt so wet yet so restrained. David was at the front door; Jessica could hear him explaining to whomever, "We aren't interested in discount long distance phone calls." She felt like yelling, "Stick your phone calls in your ass," but held her tongue. She heard the door slam; David returned to the room. Silently, he knelt and continued to lap her moist cunt.

It didn't take long before she was bucking and grinding against his mouth and tongue, god he knew how to work her. "Baby, that's it; keep going harder, deeper. Oh yeah, Baby. I'm gonna cum on your face. Yes, yes! Oh, oh fuck yes, I'm cumming." Jessica screamed as she came, pulling on her restraints. "Oh, Baby, that was so good, come kiss me." David walked around the bed and kissed Jessica. She returned the kiss warmly and passionately thanking him without words. They continued to kiss for a moment, until Jessica froze; she felt something lick her pussy. Startled, she blurted, "David, did you let the dog in? Something licked me!"

He knelt and whispered into her ear, "Kristy licked you."

Jessica felt another flick across her soaked lips. "Who the fuck is Kristy?" She gasped. Jessica's mind was spinning.

"Kristy is the person who made you cum," replied David. Jessica had a thousand thoughts running through her mind.

"Hello," Kristy said. There was dead silence.

"Um, hi," Jessica muttered.

"Can I continue?" Kristy asked. Jessica almost said the word to make this all end but bit her lip instead.

David spoke in a soft comforting tone. "Honey you know you always dreamed about this and I wanted to make it a surprise. Kristy knows not to interact with me, and I know not to interact with her. This is all for you baby." David bent and kissed Jessica's trembling lips, stroking her hair reassuring her. "It's ok, Baby. If you don't want to continue, I'll understand."

Jessica thought, 'I'm spread naked, tied to a bed, blindfolded and some strange woman licked my cunt. Worse still, I came on this stranger's face.'

Her thoughts were interrupted by Kristy's voice, "Jessica you are very beautiful, I'd like to kiss you."

Stunned for a moment Jessica paused. "Ok," she stammered.

Kristy kissed and licked her way to Jessica's hard nipples, giving each a good licking. Jessica wanted to grab Kristy's head, but her hands were restrained. "Please kiss me," she begged. Kristy ran her hand through Jessica's hair and gently kissed her lips. Kristy's lips felt so nice still with the taste of Jessica's pussy. David moved to the window and lit a smoke, watching Jessica and Kristy get acquainted. Jessica could feel her breath on her lips, her hands locking with her hands and her feet on her feet, like two starfish.

David finished his smoke and closed the window, returning to the bed he asked Kristy to sit on the edge of the bed. "Ok, Babe, do you have any requests or would you like me to direct this the way I think you'd like?" David asked Jessica.

"If I don't like something, I'll say so," she replied. "But, I would like Kristy to watch me suck your cock," Jessica added. With her head tilted back and her mouth open wide, she waited to feel the head of his cock brush against her lips. 'Ah there it is,' she thought as she ran her tongue over the head of his enlarged member. He moaned as his cock slipped into her mouth. Kristy was running her hand up Jessica's right leg while watching her work David's cock in her mouth.

Jessica dropped her head over the side of the bed and found his balls, using her lips to test if they were full. David shuddered when she ran her tongue across his hairless, tight nuts. She laid her head on the bed, "I wanna be fucked, please fuck me. My pussy needs you inside me," Jessica begged. David went to the other side of the bed and placed his legs inside Jessica's, spreading her sweat-covered thighs. Kristy moved to Jessica's blindfolded head and sat on the bed, one leg on either side of the scarf at the bottom of the bed. Jessica felt her own hand rub against Kristy's thigh. David ran his cock up and down her burning slit, as Jessica moaned, "Please, fuck me deep and hard. You I know I love it." He placed his cock inside her driving her all the way to the hilt and she shuddered. She heard him sigh as he thrust into and pumped her pulsating cunt. 

Kristy's hands explored Jessica's pert breasts. It was not long before she felt Kristy's lips take her nipples into her mouth and suck. Jessica found her hand wandering up the stranger's silky smooth thigh. Hearing her moans, she traced her finger around Kristy's bald wet gloryhole. "Mmm feels nice," Kristy responded. Jessica was being fucked deep and hard. David still pounded her little pussy. She had a stranger sucking her breasts and making them hard. Now, her hand was inside Kristy's cunt. She could feel Kristy wetting her hand and grinding her pussy against Jessica's hand. Jessica felt her own orgasm building. She didn't know if being unable to see was more arousing than seeing him pounding her looking so cute and sexy. She normally liked to look into his eyes when she came.

David moaned, "I'm gonna cum soon, Baby. Where do you want me to cum?"

"Not yet, Baby," gasped Jessica. "I want all of us to cum together." She withdrew her soaked hand from Kristy's pussy to taste her, but the restraints prevented her movements. "Untie my right hand or..." Jessica had an idea. "Kristy, would you straddle my face and let me lick your pussy?" Kristy stopped licking her breasts and moved to put her thighs around Jessica's beautiful face.

David was panting, "Oh fuck yeah, I'd love to see you eat Kristy. Fuck, I'm gonna blow so hard and deep".

Jessica felt Kristy's thighs wrap around her head. Jessica smelled the musky scent of Kristy's cunt inches away from her waiting lips and knew David was becoming more aroused as he was diving deeper and harder inside her hole, his balls slapping against her. Kristy moaned with the first touch of Jessica's pierced tongue. 'Mmm,' Jessica thought. 'She tastes nice.' Jessica explored Kristy's love hole with her tongue and lips, nibbling on her clit and sucking it. All the while, David continued to fuck the life out of Jessica. Kristy became wetter and wetter, grinding on Jessica's face. Now, Jessica knew how David felt when she locked her legs around his face. It was incredible.
