 Journal—Aug. 2014

I had about a week off before I needed to be back in the U.S. and I'd been working 60-hour weeks for the entire evaluation project in Tanzania, so I decided to reward myself with a chance to fulfill a lifelong dream—climb Mount Kilimanjaro. I'd heard the actual climb wasn't too challenging, and I'm in great shape now anyway, so I signed up for a private tour mostly on a whim. As my 4x4 pulled up to the mountain for our first of six days trekking, any worries I had harbored about being unprepared quickly melted away. Most of the other tourists were overweight Americans and Germans, and very few looked like they'd been doing any serious training. 

My initial suspicious proved true as soon as we started hiking. By the end of the first day there were about a half-dozen of us way in front of the rest of the pack. Another American guy from Wyoming who was nice enough, a middle aged couple from Poland who were actually remarkably fit, and an attractive French couple who looked to be about 10 years younger than me, probably in their mid-twenties. We all chatted a bit, and everyone was buzzing with the anticipation of the challenge of climbing to the "roof of Africa."

For the next few days the pattern stayed the same. Close to a hundred people would leave camp at the same time, but by noon it was just the six of us. In fact, I mostly found myself hiking with the French couple, Cecile and Jean, who it turned out were on a honeymoon trip although they had been married for over a year. Attractive may have been an understatement to describe them...they were both gorgeous. Cecile was the quintessential Frenchwoman: dark hair and big almond eyes, a very sexy, pouty face and full lips that I kept staring at as she would pretend to scold her husband about this or that. Her toned arms, perky b-cup breasts, and an ass that had obviously seen quite a few hill-climbs before this week all caught my attention. I noticed that she wore different earrings every day of the hike, which if it were a girlfriend of mine I would have teased for over-packing, but I found quite charming on Cecile.

Jean was one of those guys who had always made me jealous. He had closely cropped blond hair and, as the days went by, a beard that came in remarkably clean for being on a mountain, at least compared to my disheveled stubble and mange of brown hair. He had a strong jaw, a nice warm smile, and of course, piercing blue eyes. Compared to my skinny runner's build, Jean was quite a bit bigger. He looked like a wrestler...a skinny waist tapering out to broad shoulders and really cut arms that filled out his form-fitting hiking wear. 

We kept passing each other and seeing each other at rest stops, and although Cecile and Jean didn't speak much English they were quite friendly. At one rest stop Jean caught me staring as Cecile bent over to tie her hiking boots, and although I turned red as a beet he just smiled and winked at me. Alone in my tent every evening, I just couldn't get the two of them out of my head.

By day 5 we had reached the summit, which was absolutely mind-blowing. As the sun rose above the Indian Ocean turning a sea of clouds pink and blue, you could see the mountain's shadow to the west, covering the entire landscape. Once again it was Jean, Cecile and me, more or less alone, observing the incredible moment. I felt a pang of jealousy when I looked over and saw Jean passionately kiss Cecile at the summit.

When we got back to our campsite the next afternoon, after a quick bucket bath I went out to enjoy one last evening on the mountain. I bumped into Cecile, who smiled and said, "we brought some wine, to celebrate the summit"—it came out "soo-meet"—which drove me a little crazy. "You will join?" she half asked/half ordered. The next thing I new, the three of us had hiked up to a flat rock above the campsite, and we watched the sun set and a billion stars come out. 

They had brought a little half-bottle of South African pinotage, which was perfect for the cool evening. Of course there were no wine glasses, so we passed the bottle between us. Cecile was wearing lip gloss that, as I brought the bottle to my lips, reminded me of kissing girls on high-school ski trips. Even though I probably only had ¾ of a glass total, the altitude, the thrill of the hike, and the emotional atmosphere gave me a nice buzz. 

As we lay back and watched stars shooting by without talking much, Cecile and Jean eventually started kissing. I took this as my cue to leave, but as I started to get up, Cecile put her hand onto my abdomen and pushed me back down, still making out with Jean. I was a bit taken aback, but then she turned her head away from Jean and said, "we still want more to celebrate, no?" and leaned in to kiss me. Without thinking, I kissed her back, her soft lips parting for my tongue to enter and explore that mouth I'd been thinking about all week. For about 5 minutes the two of us kissed while Jean held her from behind, kissing her neck and ears. Finally, she pulled back and said something in French, and the two of them stood up. Without a word, Cecile grabbed my hand and led me behind her back to their tent.

My mind was racing and my cock was already swollen, but I just went with the flow. When we got back to the tent Cecile went in first, and I followed her. By the time I was in the door her fleece was already off, revealing an incredible red lacy bra with black trim. I noticed her earrings again as she lay back into her sleeping bag, and I fell immediately on top of her and started kissing her lips and her neck. A few seconds later Jean had come behind her and began to undo the button on her pants. As his hands slipped down into her panties, she let out a little moan and smiled just a bit while we kissed, which turned me on even more. Pretty soon her hips were grinding back and forth, alternating between Jeans fingers sliding into her from behind, and my hard cock in front of her, bulging up against my pants. 

Cecile began to ease her way down my body, kissing my neck and then pulling my shirt off while Jean continued to tease her from behind. She hesitated a minute to kiss the tattoo on my left shoulder, and then worked her way down to my belly and pulled my hiking pants down, revealing my bulging cock. She gave one look up at me and smiled, and then licked my shaft from balls to tip before slowly taking the head into her mouth. I fell back onto her sleeping bag in ecstasy and I suddenly noticed Jean staring into my eyes. As my mouth opened to let out a low moan of pleasure, Jean leaned over and kissed me on the lips. 

I've kissed a few guys before, but they have usually been boyish looking and smooth shaven. Jean's stubble and his commanding kiss felt very different, but with Cecile now kissing the side of my shaft and licking me all over, I just let any apprehensions go and submitted to Jean. I put one hand on the back of his head while my other hand explored his tight body. For the next ten minutes or so everything was lost in a mess of hands groping each other, the sound of Cecile sucking and licking me, Jean and I kissing each other. It was incredibly intense.

Jean suddenly stopped kissing me, and turned his attention to Cecile. He crawled down to the very bottom of the tent, and in one quick motion stripped off her pants and her panties. When he pulled out his cock I was surprised by how thick it was. He was a little shorter than me, maybe 6 inches, but he was so thick I didn't think I could even get my hand around him. He was also uncut and shaved, unlike me. She gave a quick look back at him, mouth still dutifully wrapped around my cock, before he pushed himself inside her, grabbing her hips and slowly easing himself in. He quickly picked up the pace, and before long Cecile was letting out long, low, slobbery moans that were muffled by my swollen shaft in her throat. Every time he would thrust into her the hum of her lips on my balls felt so fucking good. 

I could tell Jean was close to cumming...he was thrusting harder and faster, a desperate focus in his eyes. He was clearly distracting Cecile by now, as every time he pushed deep inside her she had to gasp for breath. That was fine by me, as I wasn't finished with the two of them and this gave me a chance to calm myself down. As Jean pushed what I could tell would be his last thrust I shoved myself a little deeper into Cecile's throat, and she let out a muffled moan around my cock while Jean exploded inside her. 

As if choreographed, as soon as Jean pulled out of Cecile she let go of my cock and eased her way up my body, eventually straddling my neck. Her pussy was like a work of art, just a thin line of hair framing perfectly brown labia and a very swollen clit. Jean's cum was dripping out of her as she pushed herself into my mouth, and the taste, smell, and feel of his and her wetness drove me insane. Jean must have seen my cock throb a bit, because as soon as my tongue started to dart around Cecile's clit, Jean took me all the way into his mouth. His mouth felt even better than Cecile's...rather than the slow, sensual sucking of his wife, Jean took command of me, alternating between sucking on my balls and hard, fast deep-throating. 

I spread Cecile out with my fingers and let my tongue explore every inch of her perfect little cunt, sucking and licking her clit while my fingers slid into her, and then tonguing her tight little hole. As I was getting closer to cumming I let my right middle finger slide into her ass, and this set her off. Forgetting about all the other campers around us, she let out a loud scream, her ass clinched up around my finger, and she dripped even more of her wetness and Jean's cum onto my face. This was as much as I could take, and I exploded into Jean's mouth, thrusting myself forward so that I shot straight down his throat. As I finished, Cecile collapsed next to me, and Jean crawled up on the other side of her, kissing her deeply with a mouth full of my cum. 

The next thing I knew, Cecile was whispering in my ear "darling, you should wake up, we cannot let the guide see this." I must have fallen asleep. I gathered my clothes in the dark, kissed both of them goodnight, and snuck back into my tent. All in all, this had been the perfect way to celebrate the summit.