 My night in a hotel continues with the sexy desk clerk and her co-worker...

LaTonia got out of the shower first. She dried off and stepped into the bedroom. I dried off and put on one of the robes provided in the suite. LaTonia was dressed in her white, satin robe, combing out her wet, dark hair when I went back into the kitchen area to get something to eat. I started to eat some strawberries when I heard LaTonia speaking in the bedroom. I poked my head in and saw that she was on the room phone. I heard her say, "Yes. The television remote is not working and probably needs some batteries." She paused a moment and then continued, "You will? That would be excellent." She hung up and turned around.

She must have seen the confused look on my face and she just said, "I called the desk to complain about the television remote. It's not working and I asked them to bring some new batteries up to the room." 

Still confused, I said, "I didn't know you wanted to watch television. Won't you get into trouble when Shanthai see's you in my room?"

LaTonia replied, "I don't think she knew it was me and I'm not the one that's going to answer the door." She smiled at me as she said this. Just then there was a knock on the door. LaTonia stepped back into the bedroom and I went to the door.

I opened the door to see the pretty desk clerk, Shanthai, standing in the hallway. Like LaTonia, her hair was dark and long. It surrounded her beautiful face and flowed down across her petite shoulders. I was drawn to her brilliant blue eyes and red lips. Her chin was delicate. I quickly glanced down from her smile, to her neck. Her dark skin contrasted with the crisp white button-up uniform shirt. Shanthai's uniform was similar to LaTonia's, a white shirt, powder blue polyester skirt and dark, flat shoes. Her breasts were a little bit smaller than LaTonia's but her hips were wider.

Shanthai smiled and extended her hand, showing four small batteries and said, "I brought you some new batteries for your television remote." I smiled, stepped back and turned towards the room, inviting her into the room. She hesitated slightly and stepped forward. As she passed by, I could smell cinnamon body lotion. I watched her round ass bounce as she stepped into the living room space of the room. Shanthai was not wearing her uniform vest and her white shirt was quite see-through. She was wearing a bra and slip under her uniform. My cock quivered at the sight.

Shanthai bent over and picked up the remote and started to pry the back off when I interrupted her saying, "It's the remote in the bedroom." She paused, took in a deep breath and set the remote back down onto the table. She turned around, smiled at me and before walking into the bedroom, I saw her eyes drop down as she assessed me. When she turned to walk into the bedroom, I looked down and saw that my robe was almost completely open and my rock hard cock was close to escaping.

I carefully adjusted myself so that my excitement wasn't too obvious and I followed her into the bedroom. I expected to see the bathroom door closed, figuring that LaTonia would be hiding, but it wasn't. I watched Shanthai as she walked over to the bed-side table on the far side of the room. She picked up the remote and quickly exchanged the batteries. She turned around and pressed a button on the remote. The television came on. I was staring at her, mesmerized by her beauty and sexuality when I heard her quietly say, "What do you want?" I was startled away from my thoughts and just stammered. Shanthai giggled and said, "What channel do you want to watch?" 

I was embarrassed at having been caught gazing at a beautiful woman for the second time that day. I just replied, "Anything would be fine." She gave me a wicked smile and turned on the adult channel. The room was immediately filled with the sound of bodies slapping and a man and woman moaning and groaning. Shanthai stepped up to me and handed me the remote. She leaned in a little closer and softly said, "I thought I spoke to a woman on the phone." 

I held my ground and smiled at her. Our faces were now only 10 or 12 inches apart. She is shorter than me and I could feel her hot breath on my chin as I looked down at her. Shanthai smiled back at me and pressed the remote against my chest. I almost leaned forward to give her a kiss when the bedroom door swung closed. There, standing behind the door was LaTonia. Startled, Shanthai jumped back. A guilty look came over her face when she realized who was in the room with us. Shanthai sat back on the bed, cowering, as LaTonia approached her. As LaTonia moved in on Shanthai, I was treated to a glimpse of Shanthai's sexy slender legs as she curled up on the bed. I could clearly see the white satin slip and the tops of her nylon stockings. My breath stopped when I saw the lace tops of her stockings and the soft smooth flesh of her upper thigh. 

I wasn't sure what LaTonia had in mind but when she got to Shanthai's side, she put her hand out and slowly started to rub her shoulder. Shanthai looked up at LaTonia. LaTonia grabbed her chin and then bent forward. I heard LaTonia groan when their lips met. LaTonia fell forward on top of Shanthai. They were both lying on the bed, making out like first time lovers. 

My cock was now at full attention and peeking through the robe opening. LaTonia's robe was open and offered an amazing view of her sexy dark ass. Shanthai's skirt and slip also rode up, providing a view of a shiny white thong. While the two beauties continued to paw at each other, I opened up my robe and let it fall from my shoulders. I was standing beside the bed when I felt a soft warm hand grab my stiff rod. It was Shanthai. I couldn't believe my luck. My cock was now dripping with anticipation. 

After a moment though, Shanthai started to panic. She said that no one was watching the desk and she needed to get back to work. By now though, LaTonia had her hands up Shanthai's shirt and was massaging her satin covered breasts. Shanthai's hand was wet with pre-cum that had oozed from the swollen purple head of my cock. Her hair was messed up and her lipstick was smeared all over LaTonia's face. She looked delightfully erotic. The burning need of her body was pronounced by the fiery passion in her eyes. This sexy girl wanted to be fucked by LaTonia and, hopefully me.

Shanthai continued to protest so Latonia let her sit up. LaTonia leaned over and whispered into her ear for a moment as Shanthai's puffy red lips curved up in a sexy little smirk. Her eyes started to sparkle. She nodded her head and leaned in to give LaTonia another kiss. 

Shanthai still had a hold of my dripping cock and when LaTonia broke off the kiss, Shanthai leaned over and wrapped her sensuous lips around my hard shaft and gave me a quick suck. We both moaned and groaned as her tongue flipped around my head and paused briefly at the sensitive spot just under my swollen head. I did my best to restrain the flood of cum that was ready to burst free from my balls. If she had persisted, I would have been shooting another load of cum either down her throat or all over her face. Fortunately, Shanthai stopped. She looked up at me and said, "I'll be back for more of this in a few minutes."

She stood up and adjusted her clothes as she walked towards the door. LaTonia ran behind her and put her hand up to the door to stop Shanthai from getting it open. I heard LaTonia say, "Before you go, I need to make sure you'll come back." With a wicked smile, she dropped to her knees, reached up under Shanthai's skirt and pulled her white thong down her legs. Shanthai helped by lifting each foot. 

LaTonia stood up and stepped back, letting Shanthai open the door and walk out. After the door closed, LaTonia turned and held the panties up, smiling at me. She wrapped the satin panties around her hand and stepped up to me. She put her satin covered hand on my chest. The cool slippery material felt good against my skin. LaTonia stepped up and put her mouth to mine. I wrapped my arms around her warm, firm body and pulled her closer. Her hand was wedged between our bodies. I nearly shot my load when I felt her hand wrap around my swollen cock. I couldn't help but groan loudly.

LaTonia broke off the kiss and said that Shanthai was going to lock the front door and put a sign out that she would be back in a minute. She would then grab the cordless desk phone and be back in a minute. It was LaTonia's job to keep me excited until Shanthai's return. She knew I was on the verge of erupting as she rubbed the white satin material over my hard shaft and swollen balls. We both looked down at my cock as she slowly squeezed it, causing a pearly white drop of precum as it seeped from my cock. LaTonia wiped it off using Shanthai's panties. 

I could feel cold beads of sweat breaking out all over my body. My balls were aching for release. LaTonia stroked my shaft a few more times then delicately squeezed my balls. I leaned my head back and groaned loudly. I heard her ask, "Do you want to cum all over these sexy panties or do you want to wait so you can shoot your cum all over Shanthai's sexy round ass?" As she was asking the question, LaTonia started to stroke faster and faster. I couldn't answer. All I could do was keep my eyes closed and try not to think about the tiny satin covered hand that was making sweet love to me. 

I felt her pause for a brief moment as she wrapped the panties around my cock. I looked down to see what she was doing. My pre-cum had dripped out and was seeping through Shanthai's panties. I couldn't take any more as I looked at LaTonia. I saw her lick her lips and then I closed my eyes. I heard her say, "You're going to mess up Shanthai's panties aren't you?" 

The instant she finished the question, I released a torrent of cum. I looked down to watch my cock spew it's contents into the thin white satin as LaTonia held Shanthai's panties around my shaft. The more she pumped my cock, the more cum shot from my cock. The panties were drenched in my white sticky cum and were now translucent. My legs were starting to get weak as she squeezed the last few drops of cum from my body. It was all very overwhelming and I had to go sit down.

LaTonia strutted around the room, proud of her accomplishment. She wore a big smile on her beautiful face. She knew she had satisfied me in an unconventional way. She held the cum soaked panties up in front of me and said, "I can't wait for Shanthai to see what you've done to her sexy little panties." As if on cue, there was a light tap on the room door. LaTonia looked at me and smiled. With a wicked little smile on her sexy lips she bent forward and slipped the cum soaked panties up her legs. She continued to smile at me as she adjusted the thong up her crack and around her hips. 

She looked amazing as she pressed the translucent material against her dark brown pussy. I remained seated on the couch in the living room as LaTonia bounced to the door. I heard the door open and then close. I heard the two girls talking then I heard a gasp and then some giggling. I knew what they were discussing but it didn't bother me. I looked over at the two girls standing in the kitchen, eating some fruit. LaTonia took Shanthai's hand and led her into the bedroom. She looked over at me and told me to relax and stay seated where I was. 

I sat there thinking of the events of the past few hours and couldn't believe my luck. It appears my luck was about to get better since Shanthai came back to join us for a little while. I heard the girls rustling around in the bedroom. They were talking, chatting, giggling and I believe I even heard a couple of moans. 

While the two girls were busy in the bedroom, I became thirsty. I got up, grabbed another beer from the refrigerator and took a shot of whiskey. It burned as it went down but the cold beer quickly quenched the fire. Still naked, I walked back over to the couch and sat down. I took another long drink of beer and drained about half of the bottle. It tasted good. 

I stopped drinking and put the bottle down when LaTonia stepped into the room still wearing Shanthai's panties. She had her hands behind her back and a devilish look on her face. She stepped up to me and held out her hands. She was holding one of my neck ties. I must have looked confused at first but I soon realized what was going on when LaTonia climbed into my lap, her legs straddling mine. She sat on my lap, her hot firm ass cheeks burned into my thighs as she started to put the blind fold over my face. I protested for a moment and said they could do whatever they wanted but I first needed to see Shanthai.

LaTonia looked towards the bedroom and waived Shanthai over. Looking over LaTonia's shoulder I watched as Shanthai timidly stepped into the light. She was beautiful. Her long dark hair was combed out, her red lipstick had been reapplied. Her dark blue eyes contrasted with her dark skin. My gaze dropped to her delicate neck and chest. She wore only her white slip. I could see the dark outline of her big nipples as they pressed against the thin, shiny material. The bright white spaghetti straps dug into her soft shoulders due to the weight of her breasts. 

My visual discovery of Shanthai continued south as I looked over the soft swell of her hips. The slip covered her body about half way down her thigh. Her knees and lower legs had pronounced curves. Shanthai's toe nails were painted a bright, candy apple red that matched her lipstick. 

LaTonia broke my trance by placing the blind fold over my eyes. She said that they were going to play a little game and if I guessed everything correctly, I would get a wonderful treat. Secretly, I hoped it would end with my cock buried deep inside of Shanthai.

LaTonia went on to explain the rules. She said that I needed to keep my hands to my side and I couldn't touch anyone or anything unless instructed. I was to just sit there and do as instructed. I agreed.

There was some soft chatter between the two girls and then silence. Next, I heard LaTonia say, "We're going to kiss you, one at a time, and then you get to guess who kissed you. If your guess is correct, you get to move onto the next level of the game." I didn't want to ask what would happen if I guess wrong. 

I know I wasn't told to do so, but to make it easier for the girls to kiss me; I slid forward to sit on the edge of the couch cushion. Not hearing an objection, I took in a deep breath and sat there in silence, blindfolded, with my hands at my side, waiting to feel the presence of the first hot Brazilian goddess to put her lips up to mine. 

A kiss, to me is one of the most sensual, erotic, and touching things that two people can do; more thrilling and exciting than any other act of sex. A good passionate kiss can get me hotter and hornier than anything else. When I was in high school, a long session of deep, wet French kissing and heavy petting would often have me going home embarrassed with a big wet load of cum staining the front of my pants. I think some of the girls used me as their own little ego boost. It seemed that they would try to see how fast they could make me cum in my pants. Who was I to object though, I got to kiss a lot of girls and I got to feel a lot of nice tits. Once I started to actually engage in intercourse, I learned that I could last much longer if I wasn't kissing or if I didn't kiss as much. For me, I discovered a correlation between the amount of time spent kissing and my endurance. 

So here I was, sitting on a couch blindfolded, waiting for one of these girls to give me a kiss. For one, it will be my first kiss with her while the other, happened a couple of hours earlier. I concentrated on everything around me. I could feel someone quietly move up in front of me and then I felt it; warm breath on my right cheek. As soon as I felt the warmth, I felt soft wet lips on mine. It lasted no more than two seconds but I knew it was LaTonia. It felt familiar and warm.

I concentrated hard and knew that Shanthai was next. I wanted to burn the feelings into my memory. I licked my lips and tasted LaTonia. I swallowed deeply, took a breath and sat still. This time I felt the hot breath on my left cheek. There was more hesitation in this one. The gap of time between feeling the hot breath and actually feeling the kiss was more pronounced than the one before. Every fiber of my being screamed inside me, telling me to reach out, grab her face and pull her to me, but I didn't. This was going to be an awesome game and I had every intention of seeing it through to the very end. 

The kiss was very soft and wet. Her supple, fleshy lips felt and tasted wonderful. It was a simple kiss but it was remarkable. At the end, I felt her mouth open slightly and she inhaled breath from out of my mouth. A soft, quiet moan escaped my lips as she reluctantly pulled away. If it had been earlier in the evening and LaTonia would not have drained nearly ever drop of semen from my body, I probably would have lost it all right then and there.

I smiled, knowing that there was going to be another level. I heard LaTonia say, "He thinks he knows."

I replied, "LaTonia, sweet love, you were first and the beautiful Shanthai was second."

Upon hearing them both clapping, LaTonia said, "You're correct. Now on to the next level; french kissing." She continued, "Remember, you cannot use your hands to touch us." I didn't say anything, I just sat up straight on the edge of the seat and tipped my chin up to let them know that I was ready. I heard some whispering between the two and then I felt someone step up to me. 

I felt two warm hands being placed against both sides of my jaw line. She was cradling my face in her palms. Next, I felt those marvelous puffy lips press against mine. Again, they were wet and slippery. Her first few kisses where hesitant, again. She got more aggressive with each kiss as it lasted longer than the last. Finally, she turned her head slightly and opened her mouth. In response, I opened mine and felt her tongue slip past my lips and my teeth. I opened wider as she pushed her tongue further into me. My tongue slid along hers as I pushed mine into her mouth. She groaned when I rubbed the tip of my tongue against her pearly white upper teeth. The more we kissed the deeper and more urgent our breathing became. I heard a sharp hand clap and then the kisser was gone. 

I knew the kisser had to be Shanthai. As I regained my breath, I licked my lips to taste cinnamon. I smelled cinnamon when Shanthai passed me in the hall earlier in the evening. Her lipstick may have been candy apple red with cinnamon flavoring. Before the next kisser approached me, I asked a quick question, "Can I have a drink of my beer?" A cold bottle was placed on my leg and I grabbed at it. I took a couple of swigs to wet my mouth and this also gave me a moment to try to tame the beast these two women were going to be unleashing shortly. I had been at full attention since being blindfolded but my first kiss with Shanthai really started causing me some minor discomfort. I extended the bottle out and felt it being taken from my hand. I placed my hands back down to my sides and sat forward waiting for the next kiss.

I heard and felt someone step up in front of me. Two warms hands were placed just to the inside of each one of my knees and I felt them being pried apart. I didn't hesitate, I spread my legs. These two girls could do whatever they wanted to me. As my knees were pushed apart, I felt the girl kneel down in front of me. As she moved closer, I felt the hot, bare skin of her ribcage as it pressed against my inner thighs. If this was LaTonia, she must have removed her robe. 

Being obedient to the rules, I sat still. I felt hot breath on my upper lip. I felt a wet tongue slip across my lower lip, making it wet. In a natural response, I licked my own lips. She moaned when I did this so I did it again. This time, my tongue brushed across her tongue. We were not kissing but our tongues were touching. Next, I felt her body melt against mine as she pressed her lips to mine and shoved her tongue deep into my mouth. She was devouring me. Her firm stomach pressed against my aching cock. I could feel the swell of her naked breasts as she pressed them against my chest. I so badly wanted to wrap my arms around this woman, roll her off to the side and take her right there on the couch but I wanted to follow the rules. I was getting really excited. Our kiss continued for a few moments when, thankfully there was another clap of hands and she slowly pulled back away from me and stood up. That girl was on fire and I knew that it was LaTonia.
