 Morning glory.

The first rays of the morning sun illuminated the bunk where we rested. We'd bought our motorhome in the spring, and we were now a few months into our tour of the Iberian Peninsula. Having worked for our stay at a number of diverse places; a hostel, a winery, an organic farm, we were taking a short break near Sevilla.

We'd parked on the outskirts of a small village the night before and had rested well after a simple meal and a bottle of wine.

I opened my eyes to see you were looking at me with the intense passionate way only you can convey. It still gives me a tingle to know you watch me when I sleep. I too enjoy watching you rest, the serenity and peace that slumber gives you. 

Your hand slid over to rest upon my chest, your fingers caressing me. Slowly you let your hand move down my body, to reach my now erect cock. Knowing what your touch can do to me, you smiled and gripped my member. I lay there, not moving, allowing you to play with my cock, rubbing it, teasing it, slowly wanking me so that I murmured appreciatively, enjoying the attention you were lavishing on me.

With a gleam of mischief in your eye, you slid down to bring your warm lips close to my penis. Your tongue flicked out as you tasted my manhood, teasing me with a grin. Getting yourself comfortable, you set to, taking my cock into your mouth, your lips gliding down the shaft until you deep throated me. I moaned, and you moved your head to expertly suck me, occasionally glancing up to see my approval, made clear by the smile on my face. I caressed your hair, your blond sun-kissed curls intertwined in my fingers.

"Let me pleasure you, I want to satisfy you darling."

You ceased your cock sucking and looked deep into my eyes, your passion indicated by the wanton lust you had. I love that side of you, you have a desire and intensity that makes our love-making so special.

As you lay on your back, you opened your legs, your labia glistening with your love juices. I got astride you and kissed you passionately on the mouth, savouring the tang of my cock on your lips and your mouth. As our tongues explored each other you guided my hard knob into your warm pussy. You gasped slightly as I eased my cock deeper into your cunt. I slowly fucked you, now teasing your nipples in my teeth, biting gently to cause you to moan and in response you thrust your hips up, enjoying the feeling of our union. I felt your piercing rub against the base of my penis, it heightening the sensations caused through the pressure on your clit. As we made love, waves of passion coursed through us, our mating a mutual experience, one in which we savoured the pleasure that we both gave and received. As we often do, our orgasms were in sync, and as my load shot into your cunt, you gasped and bucked with the feeling of my spunk deep within you. We lay there for a while, neither of us wanting to move, savouring the moment and enjoying the love we share.

Decision making.

After showering and a light breakfast we sat outside of our motor home, thinking of how to amuse ourselves over the next day or two. Whilst checking online, you glanced at me and noted that we'd had a message from someone looking for a couple to work in a villa near Malaga.

"What sort of work is involved?" I inquired.

"It seems to be from a woman looking for a couple to live and work on site," you replied, "the man to do general duties such as driving, provisioning and helping at functions - ha, you could be a butler!"

You laughed, and I smiled, "And what would you do?" I inquired.

"The woman to supervise household duties, but to act as a kind of lady in waiting, it seems!"

I looked at you with a slight frown, "why did she contact us I wonder?"

You glanced over your glasses and away from the screen, "she likes our biography, says she wants a mature experienced couple, and would like to interview us in a couple of days' time. Says she'll pay for our fuel and time. She also adds, interestingly, that she feels we may have the suitable attributes she is looking for. She asks if we'll agree by return and will forward details later."

We looked at each other, both no doubt wondering what this could mean.

We checked the normal sites we'd used to see if there was more about this mystery woman, but could find no host that matched her scant details.

I chirped up, "well I'm game, it's not too far and if she'll cover our costs, what have we got to lose?"

You smiled and nodded, "why not, I can't wait to see you in your chauffeur's uniform, or dressed up as a butler!"

"I'm looking forward to seeing you as a maid! Sexy short skirt, no knickers!" was my reply, a twinkle in my eye.

First meeting and an interesting proposal.

A couple of days later we arrived in Malaga, and as per our directions, arrived at a tasteful taverna in the classier part of town.

"I'm glad she's paying," I muttered, "not sure our budget could stretch to this."

You smiled, "cheapskate, at least you can say you took me too a posh bar for a change!"

We made ourselves known to the head waiter, and were ushered to a secluded table where a lady sat alone. There were few customers in the dimly lit bar. It was decorated in an understated way, clearly not for hoi polloi.

We'd put on our best clothes, I was in a shirt and shorts, you in a pretty short sundress that accentuated your tanned body, your figure belying your age, looking fit and healthy after our work and travels in the sun.

The lady before us looked in her fifties, dressed even to my inexperienced eye, in designer clothes. A silk skirt and printed blouse, low cut to reveal full breasts. She smiled at us, her dark eyes taking us both in. She was attractive and had clearly taken care of her appearance. About 5'6" tall, jet black hair cut short and a figure that suggested she had looked after herself in the gym or had surgical assistance. I'd noted your appraisal of her pert boobs.

"Please sit down, and thank you for coming," she smiled as she motioned her hand for us to comply.

"I've taken the liberty of ordering a bottle of champagne, I hope that is OK." This was said with an air of authority, one that comes with someone used to making decisions and having them followed.

We both sat and as the waitress finished pouring the wine we relaxed slightly, but still apprehensive at being jointly interrogated. Our intriguing interviewer sat back and gave us an appraising look.

"Forgive the secrecy," she began, "I've not asked you to come to the villa as I value my privacy. If we agree to my terms, then of course you'll see where I live. For now, just call me Helené."

"We understand," you replied, "thank you for inviting us. We were both curious as to why you asked us to come here, wondering what attributes we have you find so suitable?"

"Hmm, you're direct aren't you Elaine," she intoned, "I like that. I find it refreshing."

She lifted her glass and sipped before continuing.

"I live alone; my last husband had the decency to pass away last year, leaving me comfortably off. Don't be put off by my directness, he should have paid more attention to me than the bimbo half his age." She glanced at you, adding," we women of experience can do so much more than a mere girl, can't we?"

You smiled, reddened slightly, and nodded knowingly, as only two women who are comfortable in their sexuality can. You turned to me and grinned slightly, grasping my hand beneath the table.

She caught our collusion, but continued unabated.

"I have had people working for me for most of my adult life. I've been married three times and had a number of households, so I know what I want and what I don't want from domestic staff.

I'm staying in my villa for the season, so I want help, but I'm particular about the help I want. I don't want youngsters, nor do I want some doddering old fools. I value experience, discretion and loyalty. In return, I pay well, the hours aren't onerous, and you'll have plenty of freedom to enjoy the pool or sightsee on your time off."

Her accent was hard to trace, clearly European, possibly Hispanic, but with a gravitas that had probably come from expensive finishing schools.

I cleared my throat as she paused and continued, "erm, having seen the job description, and having discussed it between ourselves, we both feel we could be of service. I'm intrigued as to why us; are you interviewing many others may I ask?"

She gave a bemused smile.

"Well, that's a good question. Also direct like your wife Kate. Now we get to the interesting part."

I felt both of us wonder, at the same time, how she knew my pet name for you was Kate. Maybe a few close friends on Facebook knew, but no one else.

Helené continued, sensing our intrigue, "You're wondering how I know that Elaine is also Kate? You're probably also wondering how I also know a few other things about you. Such as your penchant, Dominic, for literotica?"

We both gasped. I reddened slightly.

I frowned, "could you please explain that last statement?" I wasn't indignant, as I'm not ashamed to write sexually explicit stories, but I wanted an explanation. You too looked quizzical, thinking how she could know about correspondence only we shared.

Helené put her hands up as a way of apology, "I'll be blunt. My second husband was an IT expert, he made a bundle of money writing software and I still have access to his technical experts. I asked them to discreetly search prospective candidates for anything that might cause me security issues. You both passed, by the way. I also asked them to search for more, hmm interesting facets that may be mutually beneficial."

We were both shocked at this revelation, though a little unsurprised. We knew that it was easy for those with the knowhow to access anything on the world wide web. We were probably flies, and she was the spider perhaps?

"Perhaps we should go, "I suggested. "This is a bit unethical. That's snooping."

You too chirped in, but I was surprised by your comment.

"We've done nothing we're ashamed of," you stated, "so we share a bit of porn. Why are you interested Helené?"

She smiled. "I like you Elaine, you maybe will understand if you let me finish. May I?"

We glanced at each other, and nodded.

"I can have pretty much anyone I want working for me. I can have handsome young men who will drive me around and fuck me when I tell them to. I can have women too, and I do mostly now prefer their intimacy when the mood takes me, but I fear any gossip, or social media exposure. I need discretion. I also want passion and fun without expectation. I want you both to work for me, I like you and I particularly want you Elaine, to be my close personal assistant, and on occasion, to be my lover."

Having foolishly taken a gulp of champagne, I spluttered. My eyes widened. Not sure if I'd heard correctly, I could only say, "wow!"

"Wow indeed," she replied. "But tell me Dominic, you have fantasies about your wife with another woman, do you not? The stories you write are they not wishful thinking?

And you Elaine, I sense you find me attractive, do you not? I find you to be very appealing."

"Do you mind if we discuss this... proposal," you blurted, "I think you've caught us on the hop, to say the least!"

Helené smiled, "I understand your concern, but I make no apology for my directness. I have to go powder my nose. Please discuss it between yourselves. If you need more time, then we can meet later for dinner. Yes, that would be best, would it not? Why not explore the town and meet here at six o'clock? "

With that she rose from the table and disappeared whilst we both tried to take in the offer.

I hesitated, not knowing what to say. I was certainly excited that such an attractive woman would find my beautiful wife attractive too. I couldn't deny I was keen to see where this would, or could lead. I might be intrigued enough to pursue this, but would you be?

It didn't take long for me to know your thoughts.

You leant towards me and whispered, "God I'm feeling wet, I wonder if she is serious!"

I was staggered. "Really," I stammered, "you're interested in her offer?"

You grinned and rested your hand on my cock. "I think I know someone who is excited too! Why not? We can talk to her, we'll set our rules, our boundaries, but what harm is there if we add a little spice to this trip? We can walk away if we choose. Let's go for a walk and talk about it. I need fresh air!"

With that you grabbed my hand and we headed for the exit.

Supermarket sex.

"So where to now?" I inquired.

"I need some more coconut oil, as well as a few things," you chimed, "come on there's a supermarket just a few blocks away, we passed it on the way in."

With that we strolled hand in hand through the streets, the warm Mediterranean air infused with heady scents of bougainvillea, the sun dappling through the trees along the road. To the world we were a happy couple, tourists enjoying the scenery, the weather and each other's company.

We walked into the supermarket, the cool air conditioning hitting us as we crossed the threshold. You grabbed a basket and strolled down one of the aisles. Now early afternoon, the store was relatively quiet, very few shoppers pushing trollies, meandering from one offer to the next. We headed to the rear of the store where the toiletries were situated. You glanced around and with your free hand, grabbed mine and pulled it to your crotch. I didn't need any encouragement. Your horniness was transparent, and I knew you had a penchant for risky sex. Facing you, I kissed you full on the mouth and slid my hand up the front of your short dress and eased your thong aside to probe your moist pussy. I teased your clit, playing with the gold bar that pierced the hood above your nub and enjoying the wetness. Your hand left mine and undid my zip, easing your fingers to grasp my engorged cock. We kissed and wanked each other, keeping a cautious eye open, but enjoying the frisson of unbridled lust in such a public place.  

You were struggling to keep your moans quiet, and within a couple of minutes groaned. 

"Keep going, I'm cumming. This is so good. I'm so hot for you."

With that you sucked my tongue and gasped. "Fuck yeah, I'm cumming."

I felt the hardness of your clitoris, the dampness soaking my finger. After you climaxed, you slid down and took my cock in your lips. I groaned and with a suppressed moan came into your mouth, filling your orifice with hot salty spunk. You swallowed every last bit and I pulled you up. You took my dripping fingers in your mouth and sucked the cum from my fingers. As a final flourish you kissed me, sharing the tastes of each other, made special by our passion and love for each other.

Satiated, we casually wandered through the store, selecting a few items to purchase, trying to act as nonchalant as possible.

As we passed a woman pushing a trolley, she glanced at us and smiled, blushing as she did so. Clearly, we'd had an audience who now had something interesting to tell her friends! 

A deal is struck.

After our super supermarket sweep, we strolled through the harbour, admiring the yachts, reminding us of St Martin, where we first met and fell in love. We discussed the conditions we'd put to Helené, and soon enough it was time to return to the taverna.

The light was fading as we entered the bar. The clientele had increased, there was that early evening buzz that goes with a bar winding up for a busy night. We were clearly expected and were shown to the same table as before.

Helené sat in her usual spot, it seemed. Clearly a regular, or sufficiently impressive to command her own place. She had changed into a clinging red dress, her cleavage pushed up, defying age and gravity. Her tanned legs were on display and she wore matching blood red heels.

She smiled and as we sat, she spoke, "Oh I'm so glad you came back, I hoped you would. I've never proposed such a venture before and was worried I'd have frightened you off. Shall we have a drink and order some food? The locally caught fish is divine. Please let us get to know each other better, and then we can discuss the finer points of my offer."

As she'd suggested the fish was very good, and the wines she chose complimented the simple but satisfying repast. We chatted amiably, you and I filled in the gaps that hadn't come up in her investigations, and she seemed genuinely interested in our stories. 

She was interested in your views as expressed by your online posts, as well as the causes you championed. 

I sensed scepticism on your part, and you asked, "why would a wealthy woman like you be interested in a radical overhaul of society? You have money, would you redistribute your wealth?"

She laughed, then responded to your outburst, "Oh I love your zeal Elaine! What makes you think I'm not subverting the world order too? Just trust me that you and I have more in common than you may think."

"You're right," you admitted, "I did make an assumption, didn't I?"

She waved it away as if it was unnecessary. 

Helené though, in truth, gave little away, just offering titbits, enough to satisfy a cursory interrogation, but not revealing too much.

As we finished dining, she leant back and looked you in the eye.

"You looked flushed when you came back, Elaine, like the cat that got the cream, as the English say."

You grinned and declared, "I was a little, erm, excited, after our last meeting. I needed to go somewhere to cool down."

Helené grinned back, "I hope he helped relieve your tension," and glancing at me she continued, "I think he knows how to satisfy you, maybe he can give me tips?"

I laughed, "I think we're getting to the stage that we need to agree on how this will work. What do you propose Helené?"

She sat up straight, toying with her wine glass.

"I propose you start tomorrow, if that's convenient. I intend to be here in my villa until September and whilst I don't wish to be so formal as to have a contract, if we agree to give each party a week's notice, then we can shake hands and let our word be our bond.

I'll assign you a spacious double room and you will have privacy, of course. In terms of your duties, Elaine, you will assist me in my day to day activities. I'd also like you to prepare a simple breakfast and lunch. Like you I follow an organic, mostly raw diet. It will be good to have someone like minded to provide for me. We can share recipes and ideas maybe?

We need time perhaps to get to know each other, but I promise you will return to your husband every night, unless it is mutually agreed by the three of us.

I will provide you with suitable clothing, as you must agree it is important for my aide to look professional at all times. I like to dress sexily, and I'm sure you do too. We can have fun shopping together, can't we!

As for your wages, I think this daily rate should satisfy." With that she pushed a small notepad forward with a figure in Euros written in a cursive script.

We both looked impressed. "That's each, by the way," intoned Helené.

I nodded trying, albeit unsuccessfully, to act nonchalant. You seemed happy so far, showing a more composed demeanour. "I'm curious Helené," I inquired, "why not just get a lesbian companion. I'm sure you'd have no problems, with your wealth and your looks?"

She smiled demurely, but spoke with confidence "I want to have a woman who knows how to make love with a man as well as a woman. I like to hear about her exploits with her man, it is a turn on for me. My taste in women is such that I want an independent, free spirited passionate soul, someone who take the lead in the boudoir and I sense you will do that Elaine. The extra turn on for me Dominic is that you'll be around, you'll be part of this, you'll be a chronicler even. I'd like for you and Elaine to share our tales and write them down. Will you do that Dominic?"
