 Traveling New Bi-Ways With Friends Ch. 04

I had talked with D and Ken several times since my last visit, which resulted in the discovery that I had a bisexual side and that I equally enjoyed sex with men and women. They had repeatedly asked me when I was going to be able to visit them again. Ken was interested in delving deeper into bi-sex and D thought being the f in an mmf trio could be interesting. I’d put them off for some time because our company was swamped with orders and work.

Anne’s office had been especially busy. Anne and her staff had been working 14-hour days, six days a week since spring. I know she insisted that all of her people get one day a week off and that they get a minimum of ten hours away from the office, but I was pretty sure that Anne didn’t follow her own orders.

Fortunately, I had been able to take quite a bit of time off which I spent with my sister, Ellen, and her family both before and during the college spring break. So when Anne asked for my assistance, I was fresh and able to step in and help give her and her staff a hand. Anne continued to work too long hours, but her staff was able to cut back a little with me being there to help.

Anne had given herself a couple of early evenings, but she looked and sounded exhausted. After about ten more days of long hours, we began to see results as equipment came on line and software and systems began to operate they should.

“Anne, you need to get away for a few days.”

“I’d love to. I’d love to go to a spa or someplace where I could relax, and workout, and read, and just forget about work.”

“I know just the place. Let’s discuss it over dinner.”

“But there is still work to do tonight.”

“Well, you’re not going to be doing it. You’re going to dinner, then, maybe a massage and you’re definitely going to get a good night’s sleep.” I took her hand and led her towards her office door.

I had discussed all of this before hand with her staff and they agreed, Anne needed to slow down.

Anne looked about the office, “I’d better stay. There is so much still to do.”

There was a loud chorus of “Good Night, Anne,” from her staff.

I tugged her arm. “Let’s go.”

“Yes, Master.” Anne followed me out the door. A round of applause and laughter followed us.

I drove her back to my hotel. “What’s this all about?” Anne asked.

“Well, if you went home, you probably wouldn’t eat much and you’d work on something instead of going to bed and getting some rest. So, young lady, here’s the plan. You’re going to eat a good dinner and you’re going to get a full night’s sleep.”

After parking my car, I let us into my suite. “Sit down, the first order of business is a shoulder massage.” Anne sat and I gently rubbed and massaged her neck and shoulders.

“That does feel good.”

“Now lean back and relax while I massage your feet.” I got a tube of foot cream and kneeled by Anne’s feet. She was wearing a pantsuit and loafers. I slipped off her loafers and her trouser socks. I squeezed some cream into my hands and rubbed my hands together to warm the cream.

Anne wiggled her toes as I rubbed the ball and bottom of her foot. “Oh, that tickles, but it feels good too.” After rubbing both of her feet, I washed my hands and poured her a glass of wine.

“You enjoy that while I draw you a hot bath.”

“A hot bath?”

“Yes. You are to soak in a hot bubble bath while I order dinner. I hope you like comfort food.”

I drew the bath, added some foaming bath oil and got out one of the hotel’s fluffy terry robes and a pair of terry slippers. I also found one of the hotel’s turban hair towels for Anne. “Your bath is ready, Milady.”

Anne laughed as she stood and set her wine glass on the side table. She touched my face. “You’re silly, but nice.”

“You get in there and get into your bath. Once you’re settled, I’ll bring you another glass of wine.”

While she was settling into the bath, I called room service and ordered dinner then I changed into shorts and a t-shirt. I had done some earlier planning and had borrowed a portable massage table from the hotel training room. I poured two glasses of wine and knocked on the bathroom door.

“Come in.”

I pushed the door open. Anne was immersed to her shoulders in warm water and foam. She had piled her long red hair up under the turban. I handed her a glass and I sat on the closed toilet seat and took my glass.

“You need to get away for a few days and I know just the place.”

“Oh, really?” Anne extended a foot and a firm well-shaped calf out of the foam. “This is so nice. And where is this place.”

“I have some friends who live southwest of here. They were in the high tech business before they got out of the rat race. They know the value of relaxation. They built a home that allows them to indulge themselves and their guests.”

“D, her name is Debra, and Ken built a home with an exercise room, a lap pool, a sauna, and a spa. They both enjoy fine food, fine wine, and good company, and they’ve been after me to come visit again.”

“Anne looked at me over her wine glass, “It sounds nice, but . . .”

“No buts. You need to get away from work. You can workout or relax as much as you want. Let me call them and see if we can arrange something.”

“Well, o.k. But it can’t be sooner than two weeks. I want to make sure everything is back to normal and working smoothly before I take any time off.

“Agreed. There is one thing though.”

“There is always one thing. What is it?”

“They don’t allow any swimsuits in the pool, spa or sauna.”

Anne was silent for a moment, “I don’t know about. . . Oh, that’s no big deal. I can deal with it.”

“Are you sure? I’m sure they wouldn’t want you to be uncomfortable.”

“Go ahead and call them. I’m a big girl and I know that everyone has one or the other.”

I leaned over and kissed her forehead. “I’ll call them. And dinner will be here in about fifteen minutes.”

I heard the tub drain then the shower start as I made the call. D and Ken were both on the phone. I told them about Anne. They insisted we come and stay as long as possible and to tell Anne that she shouldn’t worry about swimsuits or no swimsuits. It would all be worked out when we got there.

Anne came out of the bathroom as I hung up the phone. She had the robe wrapped around her. Her long red hair glowed against the white of the robe. “It’s all set and you are not to worry.”

There was a knock, “Room Service.” I opened the door and the waiter quickly set the dinner out. I signed the ticket. “I hope you like Italian soul food.” I’d ordered salad, bread and spaghetti with meatballs.

“It looks and smells delicious. And you are right, I haven’t had decent meal in weeks.”

While we ate, I told Anne more about D and Ken and their home. After we finished eating, I gathered up the dishes and set them in the hall. “Now, it’s time for the massage.”

“Massage?”

“Yes. I promised.” I set up the table, covered it with towels and warmed some oil in the microwave.”

Anne untied the robe as she lay face down on the table. While she was getting ready, I turned down the covers in her bedroom. When I got back to the table, Anne had taken off the robe and covered her butt with a towel. Her shoulders, back and legs were bare.

I got the oil and began to massage her shoulders and arms. I worked my way down her back from her shoulders. She reached back and pulled off her towel. “I don’t need that and,” she hooked a finger in the waistband of my shorts, “you don’t need those.”

“Pardon me?”

“Take off your shorts and t-shirt”

I slipped my clothes off and tossed them onto the pile with Anne’s robe and towel. Anne looked at me, “That’s better. Now we’re both naked.” I resumed massaging her back. Then I started at her feet and worked my way up her legs. We talked while I massaged away. Anne’s voice trailed off and I stopped rubbing a really nice thigh.

She was almost asleep. I carefully rolled her over onto her back then I pushed her up into a sitting position, picked her up in my arms and carried into her bedroom. I laid her on the bed, pulled up the covers, tucked her in, and kissed her on the forehead. “Sleep well, sweet princess.”

After turning off the lights and pulling the bedroom door closed, I washed the massage oil off my hands and cleaned up the towels and table. I finished my glass of wine and, after rinsing out the wine glasses, went to my own bedroom.

Sometime during the early morning hours, Anne slipped into bed with me. I first felt a soft kiss, then her warm skin as she lay down beside me. I put my arm around her as she laid her head on my shoulder and snuggled close.

After we awakened, Anne asked me what she should do about clean clothes and makeup. “You really don’t need makeup, but everyone knows you keep several complete changes of clothes at the office. We got one of your outfits out and we found some of you extra makeup in your desk.”

“You really planned this didn’t you?”

“Yes. How’d you sleep?”

“Wonderful. It was the best night’s sleep I’ve had in weeks. Thank you.” Anne leaned over and we kissed.

“You wouldn’t want to shower together?”

“Sure!” Anne kicked the covers off and jumped out of bed. I watched her beautiful back and butt dart out the door. “Last one in gets the cold water!”

I followed her into the shower. I wouldn’t have noticed if the water had been ice cold.

We got to her office after eating a leisurely breakfast in the hotel coffee shop. There was a chorus of “Good Morning” as we walked in the door. Anne thanked everyone for plotting with me.

The next week went well for both of us. The efforts of Anne and her staff were paying off with a really happy client. And I was able to get out and check on some of my accounts.

The following week was miserable. Rain and rotten weather made travel tiresome and clients became fussy and demanding. Anne commented, “This is almost as bad as being overloaded with orders and behind with everything.”

“Yes, it’s amazing how weather affects the disposition of corporations just as it does with people.”

“I wish the sun would come out.”

“Next week is our trip. The extended forecast looks really good where D and Ken live. Sunny, dry and warm. Why don’t you take an afternoon off and buy some clothes for relaxing in the sun?”

I already have. I got a couple of halter tops and a couple of wrap around skirts call pareos.”

“Those are neat. D wears them all of the time.”

“That’s good to hear. And I bought a couple of rather skimpy and scandalous bathing suits. Then there are some sandals. My old ones are trashed. I also bought some shorts and shirts to wear in the car. Oh, and I bought a big floppy straw hat.”

“D and Ken use a really nice organic sun screen. I’ll pick up several bottles before we leave.”

“I’ll probably use it all and then some.”

“Yes, you fair skinned redheads need to take care in the sun. However, I volunteer to be your sunscreen applicator.”

Anne laughed and touched my face, “We’ll see.”

“It’s a really long one day’s haul from here to there. Do you want to split the trip into two shorter days?”

“No, let’s leave early, like four o’clock. I can make some coffee and pack some juice and rolls and cheese and stuff and we can have a continental breakfast at our first rest stop.”

“Sounds good to me.” It was agreed that I would stay at Anne’s place the night before. I called my niece, Kim, and my nephew, Bill, Jr., and told them I would be gone and they should feel free to use my place if they wished.

I stopped off at home on Thursday to pack for the visit and to clean up the mail and pay bills. Friday dragged on for what seemed like forever, but I finally arrived at Anne’s.

We had a leisurely dinner and soak in her hot tub. We turned in early and after some companionable cuddling, kissing and fondling, Anne turned on her side. I snuggled up behind her and put my arms around her. Anne pushed her butt against me and we fell asleep with my cock pressed into the cleft between her cheeks.

The three a.m. alarm was a little startling, but it was all worth it when Anne stretched and rolled around in my arms so we were belly to belly. We kissed and snuggled together for a couple of minutes.

While Anne took a quick shower, I started a pot of coffee and filled two vacuum bottles with hot water to pre-warm them. I had filled one bottle and started a second pot of coffee when Anne finished showering.

I showered and shaved quickly. I dressed in a sport shirt, shorts and sandals. Anne had finished filling the vacuum bottles. We each sipped a cup of coffee as she packed the juice, rolls, some fruit, and cheese in a cooler. She had her copper red hair in a ponytail. She was wearing a sleeveless blouse, shorts and sandals.

It was a little brisk outside as I carried our two small suitcases to the car. I started the car and went back into the house to get the cooler and coffee. Anne made one last check of the light timers and windows and doors, before locking up.

The car warmed up quickly as we headed out of town. Anne leaned back in her seat. “I feel like I’m escaping from something bad.”

“Well, every mile is one mile closer to sun and relaxation.”

We stopped at sunrise to have our breakfast. “The sunrise is gorgeous.”

“Just like you, Anne.” I think she blushed as she ducked her head.

“It’s so calm and peaceful right now. Listen to the birds awaken. I haven’t heard that in a long time. I used to love to jog in the early morning. I guess I have been working too hard.”

I hugged her. “We better move on. We’ve got a long way yet.”

With two of us taking turns driving, we made good time. We made a couple of rest and stretch stops and stopped for lunch. It was just six o’clock when we turned into D and Ken’s driveway.

D and Ken met us at the gate into their courtyard. I think Anne was a little nervous and I know she wasn’t sure if she would be greeted by two nude people. D was wearing a flowered halter top and pareo. Ken was wearing a pair of light nylon jogging shorts.

I introduced Anne. She and Ken shook hands as D gave me a big hug. D then embraced Anne. Ken surprised me by giving me a hug rather than shaking hands. I felt his fat cock press against my thigh.

D looked at me, “Why don’t you two get refreshed and changed. We’ll get acquainted over drinks and some appetizers. Brad, you’re in the same suite as last time.”

“Thanks, D. We’ll be right out.” I picked up our bags and Anne followed me across the courtyard.

Once inside, Anne looked around, “This is awfully nice.”

I took off my shirt, “Everything is designed around the courtyard. Each suite of rooms opens directly on to it.” I stepped into the bathroom to wash my face and arms. When I came out, Anne had slipped out of her blouse and shorts. I slipped my shorts and underwear off and stepped behind her. I helped her unhook her bra.

As she removed it, I put my arms around her and caressed her belly. She tipped her head back and kissed my cheek as I moved a hand up to hold and cup a breast.

She covered my hand with hers. I kissed her neck then let her go. I heard her washing up as I slipped into a pair of running shorts. Anne came out. She took a halter top and pareo out of her bag. She fastened the pareo around her waist and looked at herself in the mirror. Then she took it off and removed her panties. After refastening the pareo, she put on her halter-top. Then she unfastened her ponytail and shook out her hair.

“You keep that up, we won’t be going anywhere for drinks and appetizers.”

Anne laughed, “Now, now. Control yourself.”

D and Ken were sitting at the patio table. They were sipping a red wine. Ken stood and asked Anne, “What would you like to drink?”

“Wine is fine. The wine you’re drinking looks interesting.”

“Name your poison, Brad.”

I laughed, “I think I’ll have the wine you’re drinking too.”

Ken chuckled as he poured two glasses. We seated ourselves. D had put together an appetizer plate of cheeses, fruit and crackers. Anne looked at D, “I like your home.”

“I’ll give you a quick tour after we eat.”

“I’d like that.”

We chatted and the wine and appetizers merged seamlessly with dinner, which consisted of a crab salad, sourdough bread and wine.

When we finished eating, Ken and I talked about wine and D and Anne toured the house.

“We made a trip to the Napa Valley awhile back and restocked our wine cellar. I’ll have to show you the cellar since we enlarged it.”

D and Anne returned. Ken handed each of them glass. “Well, what do you think of our home.”

“It’s lovely.”

“Yes, it fits very nicely with our lifestyle.”

I’d noticed all of the lights, including the accent lighting, were off and the courtyard was bathed in darkness. The night air was warm and I could smell the sweet scent of D’s flowers.

We chatted and caught up what we had been doing when D announced, I’m going to soak and whoever joins me, please bring the wine.”

I heard a “this is it” sigh escape Anne’s lips. We continued to talk quietly as D walked across the courtyard. As a dark silhouette, we watched her undress and step down into the hot tub.

Ken stood. He picked up the wine bottle and walked to the tub. We watched him slip off his shorts and set down on the edge of the tub.

Anne leaned against me, “I guess it’s now or never.”

“They won’t be upset if we don’t join them.”

“I know, but this is all so nice and peaceful. And a warm soak sounds nice.”

Anne set her glass down and began to braid her hair. I watched as she braided it into two pigtails, which she coiled and pinned atop her head.

“Amazing. Where did you hide the pins?”

“In my hair, Silly.”

“Are you ready?”

“I guess.”

I stood and slipped my shorts off. I offered Anne my hand. She stood, unfastened her halter-top and pareo. She took my hand. I gathered our wine glasses in my other hand and together we walked through the warm darkness to the tub.

I helped Anne into the tub. She sat down as I slipped in beside her. Ken slipped into the water across from me. We sipped wine and resumed our quiet conversation. Anne yawned, “Excuse me, but it’s been a long day.”

I stood and helped her out of the tub. I got out behind her. She was standing looking up at the stars. I put my arm around her waist. I heard splashing as D and Ken got out of the tub.

D walked up beside me and put her arm around my waist. Ken did the same thing beside Anne. The four of us silently stood there looking up at the stars. Then we parted and walked to our suites.

When we were inside, I hugged Anne to me. “What do you think?”

“I think that I never thought I would be standing naked with three other naked people and looking up at the stars.”

“We were nude, not naked and you were standing with friends.”

“I know and I liked it.” Anne hugged me to herself. We kissed and lay back on the bed. The kiss became a French kiss. I stroked her back and kissed her breasts. Anne held my cock in her hand. We continued caressing and kissing each other.

Anne moved around. “Come into me.”

She spread her legs so I could kneel between her thighs. I rubbed her belly and thighs. Anne put her hands on her pussy. She spread her pussy lips. I held my cock and rubbed the cockhead up and down between her wet lips.

Anne used her thumbs to keep her lips spread. She stretched out her fingers to touch and guide my cock into the warm depths of her body. I leaned forward and held my weight on my arms as I began to slowly stroke.

She moved her hands from between us and put them on my shoulders. The position allowed me to bury my cock deep in Anne’s pussy. She hooked her heels over my legs. I was stroking her as slowly and as deeply as I could when Anne began to move her hips.

Soon the pace picked up and when my cock was buried deeply in her cunt. We would grind our pelvises together. This led to more hip movement and deep thrusting and soon we were bouncing on the bed.
