 Traveling New Bi-Ways With Friends Ch. 05

D and Anne separated too. We talked for a while then, as one, we decided to call it a night. We all rinsed off in the shower then stood together and looked at the night sky again.

When we got back to our suite, I sat in the overstuffed chair. Anne sat on the arm and put her arm around my shoulder. She leaned over and stroked my chest with her other hand.

“You know what?”

“No, Anne. What?”

“I think D is trying to seduce me.”

“You think so?”

“Yes. And you know what?”

“No. What?”

“I think I’ll let her.”

I looked up at her, “Have fun.”

Anne slid off the arm and into my lap. She kissed me then slipped to the floor on her knees, “Speaking of fun, I’ve had all the fun recently.”

She pushed my knees apart.  I looked at her as she gently grasped my soft cock and lifted the cockhead to her lips. She kissed it then pushed the foreskin back. Anne ran her tongue tip around the rim then slipped the cockhead between her lips so her lips were right at the rim. She turned her head and my cock shaft back and forth. I responded by getting a rapid hard-on. As my cock got harder and longer, Anne wrapped her hand around the shaft.

She continued to rotate the cockhead in her lips until I was fully erect. She held the shaft as she ducked her head and licked me from balls to cockhead. Anne looked up at me over the cockhead.

She formed her lips into and “O” and ran the tip of her tongue around them. “Let’s get comfortable on the bed.”

She rose to her feet and walked to the bed. I got out of the chair and followed her. My hard cock preceded me. Anne bent over and turned the covers down. I stopped behind her and slipped my hand between her legs.

I cupped her cunt and squeezed softly. Anne clamped her thighs together around my wrist and over my hand. She put a hand on mine as she looked over her shoulder. “Now, now.”

She unclamped her thighs, “Lie down.”

As I took my hand off her cunt and pulled in back between her thighs, I let a fingertip trace down her lips and then hesitate and tickle her little pucker.

Anne smiled as she straightened up. She fluffed all the pillows and put them in a big pile against the headboard. She patted the pillows, “Get comfortable.”

After I lay back on the pillows, Anne got on her knees between my legs. She held my cock and jacked it for a minute or too. My hard-on was quickly restored. She held my cock straight up as she leaned over so her breasts hung right over it.

She touched a nipple to the pee hole. She ran her hard nipple over the cockhead. Then she changed and did the same with her other breast and nipple. She sat back on her knees and ran her hands from my balls up the shaft. “I love playing with your cock.” I just smiled and spread my legs wider apart.

Anne rearranged us. She sat on the bed and she had me sit so my legs were over hers. I still lay back on the pillows and Anne had raised my butt by putting a pillow under it. She resumed playing with my cock. “I’m going to pop your rocks and make you cum just by touching you.”

She put the palms of her hands flat against the sides of my cock then she rolled the cock shaft between them like she was rolling a cigar or a roll of clay. She alternated this with stroking and caressing the shaft, running her fingertips over the cockhead and tugging, squeezing, rolling and fondling my balls.

She did something that I was surprised I enjoyed. She used her fingernails to lightly scratch the shaft and head. It was especially intense when she would press and run a sharp fingernail around the rim where the cockhead and the cock shaft met. When she flicked the vee with a fingernail, I couldn’t help but work the muscles in my pelvis and make my cock move like it was begging for more. Which it was.

Anne teased and played for some time. She kept me just at the brink of cumming. At the same time she talked to my cock. There was a soft knock on the door.

“Come in.”

The door opened. “I’m sorry.” It was D.

“No, no, come in.”

D came and stood by the bed, “I didn’t mean to interrupt. I just wanted to see if you wanted to swim or do weights first tomorrow.”

Anne never slowed with her cock play, “Let’s swim. Brad is just about ready to cum. Why don’t you stay and watch?”

D kneeled on the bed. “I noticed Brad was enjoying himself.”

“I’m showing I can make him cum by just using my hands and by not jacking him off.”

D moved over next to Anne. Her presence added an exhibitionist and voyeur element. Especially when she began to rub a hand over her blonde haired pussy.

“Any time now.” Anne wet a finger in her mouth. I was groaning and humping my hips. Anne pushed her finger up my ass and massaged my prostate. That was all it took.

I arched my back. “Gahhh!” Hot cum blasted up from my balls, through my cock and into the air. The wads and gobs of cum landed on my chest and stomach. Anne aimed my cock and a wad or two hit D. The initial explosion eased and the cum flowed out of my cock and down over Anne’s hands.

Anne took the cum on her hands and rubbed it on her breasts and nipples. I lay back and watched as she did the same with D. D took one of Anne’s hands and licked the fingers clean.

Anne licked the cum off her other hand then she leaned forward and cleaned one of D’s breasts and nipples with her tongue. D then cleaned both of Anne’s. I noticed she concentrated on the nipples. Anne then licked D’s other breast and again there was a concentrated effort to suck the nipple clean.

Watching the two women restored my hard-on. D looked at me, “I think you like that.” She slid down beside me and began to lick the cum off my chest. Anne slid down on the other side of me and began licking too. Together they cleaned up the wads of cum on my chest and stomach.

Then they moved to my cock. Four hands, two pair of lips and two tongues was something I hadn’t experienced in a long time. Soon my cock was shiny clean and still rock hard.

D slid off the bed and stood up. She ran a finger up and down her pussy slit. “That was fun. I’m going to wake Ken and screw him.”

As she left the room, Anne straddled my hips. “How was that.”

“Well, I now know what the true definition of cock tease is,” I grinned. I held my hard cock upright.

Anne looked at it, “I thought you would never ask.” She raised herself up on her knees, positioned herself and sat down on my cock. We made love until Anne had an orgasm. It didn’t take long because the cock teasing turned her on as much as it had me. We fell asleep to the sounds of D and Ken.

I awakened when I heard someone moving about in the kitchen. I came out of the bathroom after washing up and shaving. Anne was awake. She kicked off the covers and stretched like a cat. I walked over to the bed and leaned over and kissed her. “Good morning, Teaser.”

“Good morning.” Anne sat up. “I’d better get a move on if D and I are going to swim.”

Wearing nothing but sandals, I stepped out of the room into the morning sun. I raised my arms and stretched as I felt the warm sun. I could see Ken bustling about in the kitchen. I walked over, “Morning, Ken. Anything I can do to help?”

He turned. He wasn’t even wearing sandals. “Morning, Brad. I’m just putting the coffee on.” 

I was getting cups out when D came in. She was carrying a towel. She threw her arms around Ken and gave him a full body hug. They shared a deep kiss. “Good morning, Lover.”

D released Ken and turned and hugged me. I put my arms around her and hugged back. D kissed my cheek as Anne walked into the kitchen. “Say, what’s going on here?”

D laughed and we released each other, “Good morning, Anne.” She turned again and hugged Anne. Anne seemed sort of startled but she hugged D in turn. D kissed Anne on the lips. I saw a slight flush rise in Anne’s face. “Let’s go swimming.”

D released Anne and squatted down to pick up her towel, which she had dropped when she hugged Ken. D stood and took Anne’s hand. Ken and I watched the two women walk across the courtyard. They held hands until they got to the lap pool.

“I don’t know about you, Brad, but I’m glad I’m as ass man.”

“I know what you mean. D and Anne are two beautiful women.”

Ken poured us each a cup. He carried a carafe and I carried two extra cups as we walked across the courtyard to near the pool and pulled two chairs and a side table into the sun. We sipped coffee and watched the women swim laps. D is a strong swimmer, but Anne matched her stroke for stroke.

Ken looked at me. “I don’t know what got into D early this morning, but she jumped me and really got me going. I hope we didn’t wake you.”

“Nope. Didn’t hear a thing.”

D and Anne were at the far end of the pool. They were resting. There seemed to be a fair amount of touching and quick kissing occurring. “D seems to really like Anne.”

“I’m sure the feeling is mutual.”

The women resumed swimming. We watched as they completed another series of laps. As D climbed the ladder out of the pool, Anne put a hand on her butt and gave her a boost. D stood at the top of the ladder and gave Anne a hand.

Anne seemed to stumble into D arms. They were laughing as they hugged. They picked up their towels and walked over to us. Ken was pouring coffee for them. Anne sprayed us all with water as she shook her long red hair.

She put her arm around D’s waist and kissed her on the cheek, “That was an enjoyable swim. Thanks for asking me.”

D slipped her arm around Anne, “My pleasure.” She kissed Anne on the lips. Anne put a hand on D’s cheek and returned the kiss. Ken smiled at me. When the women broke the kiss, Ken was standing in front of them with two cups of coffee. I got two more chairs.

We sat and drank the coffee and enjoyed the warm morning sun and just enjoyed being close to each other. D finally stood up, “We should get something to eat before the morning is half gone.”

“Not to worry. There’s a breakfast pizza in the oven.”

D looked at Ken, “First, dinner. Now, breakfast. You are full of surprises.”

He smiled and laughed, “Just like you were this morning.” D actually blushed.

I stood and took Anne’s hand as we all walked towards the kitchen.

After finishing breakfast, we all pitched in and cleaned up the kitchen. It was already late morning. I decided to read a book. Ken went to the exercise room and soon we heard the clinking sound of the weights. D asked Anne if she wanted to help tend the flowers and other plantings around the courtyard.

I moved a chair into the shade and began my book. D and Anne busied themselves with trimming, clipping and watering. I occasionally watched them as they worked their way around the courtyard. They seemed to be doing a lot of touching.

At one point, they were standing and looking at a hanging plant. D put her arm around Anne’s waist. As I watched, D leaned down and kissed Anne’s breast. I could see Anne inhale sharply as D sucked her nipple. D straightened and kissed Anne. The pressed their bodies together as the kiss became a long French kiss.

When they broke the kiss, I could see that both of their faces were flushed. I heard a voice behind me, “I think they really like each other.” I turned. Ken had just walked up. He was wiping his face with a towel as he looked at D and Anne.

As I turned back, D was holding her breasts in her hands as Anne rubbed her nipples against D’s. “Yes, I think they more than like each other.”

“That’s a turn on for me.” Ken’s voice was sort of hoarse. He was watching the two women, who seemed to be unconscious of the fact they were being observed. Ken has stopped wiping his face. I noticed his cock was semi-erect.

I turned back to my book and tried to not think about Ken’s cock. Ken pulled up a lounge and lay on his stomach in the sun. When I looked up from my reading, neither D nor Anne was in view. The gardening tools were on the ground by the sliding door into the Master Suite.

Ken rolled onto his back. He had an erection. He looked down at his hard cock, “I can’t stop thinking about D and Anne getting it on.” He looked around, “Where are they?”

“I don’t know. I think they went inside.”

Ken got off the lounge, “Let’s go find them.”

“Nah, I think we should leave them alone.” But Ken was already headed to the kitchen door. I caught up with him just as he entered the hall to the bedroom wing. I was able to stop him before he barged into the Master Suite.

We looked through the door. Anne was reclining back on a pile of pillows. Her red hair was fanned around her head. Her eyes were closed and she was breathing rapidly as her fingers pinched and twisted her nipples.

D was on her knees between Anne’s legs. She was leaning forward and it was obvious her tongue was buried deep in Anne’s pussy. One of D’s hands was between her legs. She was fingering her clit as she sucked Anne’s.

Ken breathed, “This is great!” He wrapped his hand around his hard cock.

I touched his shoulder, “Let’s leave them alone. Let’s get out of here.” I turned and went into Anne’s and my suite. Ken followed.

“Boy, that’s a turn on!” He sat on the edge of the bed and began to stroke his cock. “I didn’t realize D had a thing for women.”

“I think it is just for Anne. And I think it is mutual.”

“Well, I’d like to watch, but it’s probably better not to.” Ken continued to stroke his cock.

Watching him jerk his cock and thinking about the women began to give me a hard-on. Ken looked at me then reached out and touched my cock. “Come closer.”

I stepped closer and Ken lifted my cock and licked the underbelly. He looked up at me, “If D can eat Anne’s pussy then I can eat my buddy’s dick.” He slipped the cockhead between his lips and began to slowly suck my rapidly hardening cock into his mouth. He continued to stroke his cock as he sucked mine.

I touched his shoulder. Ken looked at me. I indicated his hand on his cock. “You don’t need to do that. Let me help.” Ken slid back onto the bed. I slipped off my sandals. He lay on his side as I kneeled next to him. I fed my cock back into his waiting mouth.

We adjusted ourselves so I was also lying on my side. I licked Ken’s cockhead. It was slightly salty tasting. Probably with the sweat from his earlier workout with the weights. I ran the tip of my tongue around the rim several times then slowly slipped my lips down his cock shaft as I filled my mouth with salty cock.

We alternated in sucking and licking each other. That way, each of us could enjoy having our cocks sucked and then we could enjoy sucking a cock for a while. I thought about deep throating Ken, but I decided to wait and maybe do that when D and Anne were watching us.

Ken’s ball sac began to tighten as I fondled his nuts and sucked him hard. He stopped sucking me and moved onto his back. I kept his cockhead in my mouth as I stroked his shaft. His cock swelled and became more rigid as he shot his load into my mouth.

I could feel Ken’s cum pulsing through his cock. I swallowed each wad before the next arrived. When he stopped shooting, I squeezed his cock and wrung out every drop of cum. When I finished I lay on my back.

Ken sat up. “D doesn’t swallow my cum very often.” He leaned over me and kissed me. I stuck out my tongue and he sucked a taste of his cum off of it. He got off the bed and left the room. I closed my eyes and fell asleep with the feel and taste of Ken in my mouth.

I awakened when Anne lay down beside me. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to wake you.”

“That’s o.k.” I put my arm around her as she laid her head on my shoulder.

She rubbed my chest as she looked at me. “I just had the most extraordinary experience.”

“Oh?”

“Yes. I just made love with another woman.”

“Well, you thought you might let D seduce you.”

“I think we seduced each other. It was exquisite. D’s tongue felt like little butterflies fluttering all over my pussy. I tried to do the same for her. She was so gentle. And she tasted so good.” Anne snuggled against me, then raised her head and kissed me.

She must have tasted Ken’s cum because she licked her lips, “You and Ken were busy too.”

“Yes. Ken wanted to watch you and D, but I told him we needed to leave you two alone. He was really turned on and began to masturbate. Watching him and thinking about you and D got me turned on too. Anyway, he began to suck me and I reciprocated and sucked him off.”

Anne kissed me again. This time it was a French kiss. “I like the taste of cum. I’d like to suck Ken with you. You can watch D and I, if we can watch you and Ken.”

“I’m sure that will all happen before we’re ready to leave.” Anne rolled onto her side with her back to me. I tucked my cock into her ass crack and put a hand on her hip. We napped.

When we awakened it was late afternoon. We showered together then went outside. Ken and D weren’t around so Anne and I slipped into the lap pool. We floated and lazed around until they came out and joined us. We were all sort of subdued. But there seemed to be an undercurrent of anticipation too.

We dried off and all lay together in the sun, except Anne, who lay on a lounge in the shade. We fixed dinner. Salmon, salad, homemade bread, a rice dish, and wine. After cleaning up the dinner dishes, we sat around sipping wine and chatting quietly until we all decided it would be nice to soak in the hot tub although it was a warm evening.

The sense of anticipation increased as the four of us settled into the warm water. D scooted around and sat close to me. She put her hand on my thigh. “I hear your afternoon was a nice as mine.” Her hand slipped up to my crotch. I felt the back of her hand brush against my ball sac.

“Yes, it was full of good feelings as, I’m sure, yours was.” I looked at Anne. She was blushing. I felt a foot touch mine then the foot moved up between my legs and stopped at my crotch. I slipped my arm around D’s back and cupped her breast in my hand.

I was getting a massage as the toes of the foot in my crotch wiggled against my cock. Anne moved around next to Ken. The toe massage stopped briefly. Ken shifted his position. Anne kissed him on the cheek and it looked like she was holding his cock. The massage resumed.

D leaned towards me. She kissed my ear then ran the tip of her tongue around in it. “I’d love to watch Ken suck you off.”

Ken and Anne looked at her. “I do owe you a complete blowjob, Brad,” Ken smiled. “Why don’t you sit up on the edge of the tub?”

D interrupted, “Why don’t we all rinse off and go inside where we can get more comfortable?”

“Good idea.” Ken stood up. Before he could step up out of the hot tub, Anne leaned towards him and kissed his cockhead. Ken looked down at her and touched her hair. Anne looked up at him as she licked her lips.

Anne stood up and reached for a towel. From somewhere in the folds of the towel, she found a tie for her hair. D and I watched Anne’s breasts rise and fall as she worked to put her hair up in a ponytail.

Ken was already in the shower. He was stroking his cock as he waited for us. D squeezed my cock. “I think we’re all going to have a nice time.” She stood and stepped up out of the tub.

I stood and gave Anne a hand up out of the tub. I followed her and D to the shower. The shower had multiple showerheads so all of us could stand under the cascade of water.

I was letting the water just run over my shoulders and down my back and chest when Ken got on his knees in front of me. He looked up at me. D put her hand on my butt and pushed me towards him. Anne held my cock as she fed it into Ken’s gaping mouth.

About two-thirds of my cock was in Ken’s mouth when he closed his lips around the shaft. I looked down at him. His eyes were closed as he gently sucked me. He put a hand between my thighs. My balls rested on his fingertips as he began to slide his lips up and down my cock shaft.

Anne and D knelt on each side of Ken. Their faces were inches from his sucking mouth. As my hard cock slipped out from between Ken’s lips, Anne touched the shaft with the tip of her tongue. Soon the tips of both D’s and Anne’s moved up and down the sides of my cock shaft as my cock slipped in and out of Ken’s mouth.
