 NOTE: This is the continuing tale of Jack and Bethany, two single parents who met when their sons joined the same traveling baseball team. Their back story unfolds in the previous chapters but any chapter can be enjoyed on its own. All content is fictional and all those engaging in adult activities are meant to be of legal age. 

*****

Chapter 15 -- Late Rally 

As the players, coaches, and families of the Knights 11U travel baseball team gathered in the hotel lobby before the game, there was a buzz among the adults about what had been captured during the night on closed-circuit video camera overlooking the playing field. Somehow, word about the video had gotten out and speculation was running rampant. 

Despite the darkness, it was clear that a blonde woman with a ponytail and an indistinguishable man had been having a rather erotic fling in the darkened outfield until the sprinkler system chased them away. 

The camera didn't reveal anything that would readily identify either of the participants but Jack and Bethany took extra precautions as they dressed for the game. 

Bethany, being a petite blonde who often wore a ponytail, felt most vulnerable. She made certain to put her hair up and sported her trusty Knights ball cap, pulling it low on her head. A pair of sunglasses helped add to the disguise. To hide her fit, athletic curves, she wore her oversized Knights sweatshirt. The old sweatshirt hung loose on her shoulders, hiding her full breasts and perky nipples, along with her flat, toned belly and trim waist. 

The biggest problem was disguising what were arguably her best features: her perfectly firm ass and the sexy legs that lead to it. She hadn't packed a dress and only had running tights, shorts, and capri pants to choose from. Each item only accentuated her ass and legs. Given that she was wearing running tights when she and Jack started their encounter on the ballfield, those were out. She opted for the capris and hoped for the best. 

Jack, equally concerned about being identified, had fewer options. Since he had only been wearing a shirt, shorts, and flips flops when their escapade began, he didn't have much left to change his appearance. Fortunately, he had packed some jeans. He paired those with a plaid shirt which he wore hanging out. Adding some hiking shoes and socks and his own Knights cap and a pair of sunglasses was about the best he could do. 

Obviously, the other parents and coaches knew how Jack and Bethany dressed normally. The outfits weren't that out of the ordinary but it could look to some that they were trying to hide something. It was the best they could do given the circumstances. 

As they met in the lobby with the others, they felt like they were under a microscope before gradually realizing it was not that different than any other game day. They mingled with other parents and tried to appear as casual as possible. 

When someone shared the news of the video, they did their very best to act as shocked as anyone else. 

"Wow," Bethany replied. "With cameras on all the fields, you think they would have known better," she said, sounding stunned. 

As Jack and Bethany continued chatting with others, they each felt a hand on their shoulders as someone approached them from behind. Turning tentatively to see who was trying to get their attention, they soon found themselves staring into the dazzling green eyes of Ariana, the younger woman who had joined them for an impromptu threesome during the first trip of the season. 

Stunned by her sudden unexpected appearance, they struggled for words and looked upon her with silent dismay. 

"I believe this is yours," she said with a sexy, devil-may-care grin as she held out the fleece bleacher blanket Jack and Bethany had left behind in their haste to leave the field the previous evening. 

Still speechless, their minds raced with the implications of this revelation. Had Ariana been watching them? Had she told anyone it was them? And most importantly, what did she want? 

"Oh, should I just hold onto this for you," she suggested, reveling in having the upper hand. 

Jack and Bethany casually looked around to see if anyone else was watching. Seeing no one paying particular attention, they motioned for Ariana to follow them to a quiet corner. 

"What the hell are you doing here," Jack asked, trying to keep his voice as low as possible. "Brian and I are rooming with Nic and your brother-in-law. We didn't think you'd even be here." 

"Late arrival," Ariana smiled. "Got my own room." 

"And where did you get that," Bethany added, referencing the blanket. 

"Oh, this," Ariana replied with mock innocence. "You know where I got this, don't you," she teased. "It's just a shame you never even used it." 

"How do you we didn't use it," Bethany asked, exasperated. "How did you even find it?" 

"Oh, I was there," Ariana admitted with pride. "I saw everything." 

Jack and Bethany stood in stunned silence as they let that last comment sink in. 

"But...how," Jack asked. "How did you know we'd be there. We didn't tell a soul." 

"And everyone was in bed already," Bethany added. 

Ariana smiled with confidence. "Like I said, I arrived late," she continued. "By the time I was done checking in I saw you walk through the lobby in your running clothes," she said, nodding to Bethany. "You looked so hot, I just had to follow." 

Ariana watched their stunned faces with amusement as the rest of the picture came into focus. 

"Then I saw you meet Jack and I just knew something fun was about to happen," she smiled. "Boy, was I right! You two really put on a show out there. I must have cum three or four times just watching from the bleachers. I know it was naughty to play with myself out in the open like that," she said. "But my pussy got so wet, I just had take care of it...over...and over...and over," she continued provocatively. "I would have kept going except for those darned sprinklers," she added. "Oh, but you two know all about that, don't you." 

Bethany blushed at the realization that Ariana had seen everything, got herself off to everything, and was now in a position to tell everything. 

"What do you want, Ariana," Bethany asked, knowing she must have an ulterior motive. 

Ariana frowned. "I have to say," she confided. "I was very disappointed when you two told me you didn't want to continue our, um, relationship," she said, sounding genuinely upset. "I thought we were having such a good time together and you both made it sound like you wanted more, too." 

"We did, at the time," Jack agreed. "But we talked, Ariana, and we decided that continuing with you wasn't in the best interest of our relationship going forward," he continued, looking at Bethany. "It wasn't meant to hurt you. Please don't do anything to hurt her." 

"Or Jack," Bethany added. "Or our kids for God's sake." 

"I don't want to hurt anyone," Ariana responded sounding genuine. 

"Then why are you here," Jack asked. "What do you want?" 

"All I want is some closure," she said with a devilish grin. 

"Closure," Bethany repeated. "And how exactly does that work?" 

Ariana leaned closer to the couple. "You know when we were together," she asked rhetorically. "We all had so much fun, remember?" 

How could they not? Jack and Bethany both felt their pulses quicken and their loins respond as images of their threesome floated through their heads. 

"Well, I never got to fuck Jack," she whispered, locking eyes with him as Bethany looked on. "So, here's the deal: Jack and I are going to fuck, tonight, in my room," she stated. "And you're going to watch," she added looking directly at Bethany. 

Both swallowed hard at the nature of the ultimatum, aroused, yet reluctant to agree. 

"Or," Ariana continued. "Or, I can share what I know about last night with Coach Callahan," she threatened. "Frankly, I think it's a pretty easy choice," she said in a non-chalant tone. "But it's up to you two." 

"So you're blackmailing us," Jack stated the obvious. "That's how your not hurting anyone," he added sarcastically. 

"Is it really blackmail if everyone has a good time," Ariana opined. "Seems more like a negotiation," she continued. "Don't you think, Bethany?" 

Bethany did not agree with Ariana, but knew she meant what she said. "And then we're done," Bethany asked. "No more demands? No telling anyone about last night...or the first trip for that matter?" 

"That's the deal," Ariana agreed. "That's not so bad, is it? Everyone has a good time. Everyone's happy. No one gets hurt, oh, unless there's spanking involved," she added with a grin. "But that's a good kind of hurt, right," she winked at both of them. 

"Tonight," Jack confirmed. "After lights out." 

Ariana agreed and gave them her room number. "Oh, and I'll just hold onto the blanket until after," she said. "Wouldn't want to lose my bargaining chip." 

Ariana smiled warmly at the stunned couple as she left to join others making their way to the game. 

Jack and Bethany, still speechless at the developments, looked at each other in quiet disbelief. Neither liked being threatened, of course. What they weren't willing to admit to each other, though, was how thoroughly aroused they were with Ariana's ultimatum. 

--- 

The game that afternoon was secondary to everything else that was going on. Jack and Bethany were preoccupied worrying about getting identified as the outfield lovers and Ariana's subsequent bombshell. Bethany found a little relief as she scanned the crowd and identified at least a dozen couples that could fit the description from the video. 

When the game was over, they made their way back to the motel and prepared for their meeting with Ariana with some trepidation. Yes, they had both enjoyed their previous time with Ariana but they didn't like being manipulated, either. Bethany wasn't sure how she would react to seeing her man fuck another woman right in front of her. Jack was equally concerned about Bethany's reaction. 

"I won't do this if you're not comfortable with it," Jack said, sensing Bethany's unease. "I'll tell coach myself, if you'd like, then Ariana wouldn't have any leverage." 

Bethany had considered that solution, as well, but was reluctant to agree. "I don't want to jeopardize Xander and Brian's future with the team," she said. "Not to mention the embarrassment if anything got out." 

"That's still a risk even if we agree to Ariana's plan," he said. 

"I know, I know," Bethany agreed, falling into Jack's warm embrace. "Call me naïve but I think she'll honor her part of the bargain." 

"Okay, Naïve," Jack laughed, before kissing Bethany's forehead and holding her close. 

--- 

At the arranged time, Jack and Bethany ventured out for their clandestine meeting with Ariana. Fortunately, Ariana's room was separate from the block of rooms where the Knights were staying. As they approached her door, they both took deep breaths in preparation for what was to come. 

"Here goes nothing," Jack said as he knocked gently. 

Ariana opened the door and welcomed them in. They had anticipated the possibility of her greeting them in some of the sexy lingerie she had worn in selfies she had been sending them in the weeks following their threesome. They were somewhat surprised to see her wearing the oversized purple t-shirt she had worn the first night she shared a bed with Bethany. Her anticipation was evident by her nipples poking the fabric of the thin shirt. 

They both drank in the beauty before their eyes. At 5'7", Ariana was taller than Bethany by several inches. Her figure was nicely toned and firm with long legs, a slim waist, and full, perfectly rounded breasts. Her usually wavy black hair was tied into a ponytail, matching the way Bethany often wore her silky blonde locks. Her bright green eyes and radiant smile exuded a quiet, sexy confidence. Her complexion was much darker than Bethany's, and they both knew a dark, trimmed bush was just out of sight, her shirt falling to mid-thigh and barely covering her shapely, firm ass. 

"Welcome," she said, greeting each of them with a soft kiss on the cheek. "I can't tell you how happy I am that you two agreed to this." 

Jack and Bethany shot a look at each other as if to say "Agreed? More like forced," but they let it slide. 

The room was dimly lit, scented candles placed strategically around the room. 

Ariana immediately took control. "Bethany, please have seat in the chair by the bed," she directed. "Jack, please relax on the bed with your back against the headboard." 

Her instructions seems oddly specific to both Jack and Bethany but they proceeded as directed. 

"So, Jack, "Ariana continued as she relaxed in another chair on the opposite side of the bed. "You said you're rooming with my brother-in-law?" 

Jack wondered why she was bringing up Ray at this time. "Uh, yeah, Ray and Nic." 

Ariana looked at the floor and seemed to smirk. "Has Ray shared any good stories about me," she asked with a knowing smile. 

"Uh, no" Jack replied. "He just said that you could be a handful at times." 

Ariana laughed openly. "That's rich. A handful," she smiled. "He's been trying to get a handful of me for years." 

Jack and Bethany exchanged glances, wondering what may have transpired between Ariana and her brother-in-law. 

"I used to babysit Nic for years," she continued. "Ray was always checking me out and I know he loved it when I'd stay overnight," she said, appearing lost in thought. 

"One night after I was 'of age' as they say, Ray and my sister got home really late," she went on. "Nic was in bed and my sister went to bed and Ray and I stayed up watching some of those sexy shows on late-night cable." 

Ariana shifted in her chair, the hem of her shirt hiking higher, exposing her inner thighs. 

"So he was watching from the sofa and I was in a chair, kind of like we're sitting now," she said looking at Jack. 

"I had never seen such graphic sex scenes like that before," she related, sounding a little breathless at the memory. "I was wrapped up and excited, and I didn't realize that I had started lightly touching my pussy underneath my shirt." 

Jack and Bethany watched as Ariana's hand dipped below the hem of her shirt and appeared to glide ever so gently across her pussy lips, mimicking the actions in her story. 

"Really, I didn't even know I was doing it until I heard the sound of zipper being slowly pulled down," she recalled, her hand still toying beneath the bottom of her shirt, her nipples taut, poking the fabric of her shirt. 

By now, both Jack and Bethany were becoming aroused, as well. Jack's cock started stiffening in his jeans. Bethany's nipples, still hidden by her bulky sweatshirt, poked at the silky fabric of her bra. 

"I knew it was Ray," Ariana continued. "When I looked over, he had his cock out and was stroking it," she remembered. "It was the first time I had seen man's cock in real life," she said with a shiver. 

"Only now, Ray wasn't watching TV, he was watching me. That's when I realized that my hand was between my legs and he could see me playing with my pussy," she raised her shirt up just enough so Jack and Bethany could clearly see two fingers working in and out of her glistening pussy. 

"Please unzip your pants for me Jack," she requested. "Oh, and Bethany, don't be shy, you can play with yourself, too, if you're getting turned on." 

Bethany was getting extremely turned on, especially now that Jack had his cock out and was stroking it gently in front of the two women. She resisted the temptation, though, not wanting to give Ariana the satisfaction. 

"So, of course, I was mesmerized by watching Ray stroke his cock," Ariana continued as she watched Jack do the same. "He asked me if I'd ever seen a hard cock before," she continued, fingers still working in and out of her pussy and letting out a gentle moan. 

"I told him no and he asked if I wanted some of his," she grimaced at the memory. "I told him no and that I would never fuck my sister's husband," she said. "Ray just smiled and said he didn't mean fucking, just taking a closer look." 

By now Bethany had begun shifting in her seat. Her pussy was wet watching what was happening in front her. Her nipples ached, straining to be freed from the constraints of her bra. Still, she fought the urge. 

Jack, still slowly stroking himself, was focused on Ariana's fingers at play between her legs. He stole an occasional glance at Bethany to gauge her response, and saw that she, too, was focused on Ariana. A bead of clear precum emerged from the tip of his cock as he thought about Bethany getting off to the situation. 

"So, I got up and went over and knelt right between Ray's legs," Ariana resumed her story, making the same movement, crawling onto the bed toward Jack's cock. 

"I had my face just inches from it, just like this," she demonstrated. "I could actually feel the heat on my face" she recalled. "This had my pussy dripping," she pulled two fingers from her pussy and showed them to Jack and Bethany before licking them clean with a moan. 

"Ray asked me if I wanted to touch it. I did but I told him I wouldn't give him a hand job, either," she assured. "He said to just see what it feels like," she continued. "So I reached out and wrapped one hand around the base and used my other to feel his balls, like this," she showed Jack and Bethany how she did it, gently embracing Jack's cock and balls. 

"I couldn't believe how soft it was but so hard at the same time," she described, feeling the same sensations from Jack's cock. Jack moaned at the welcomed touch. More precum oozed from the tip. 

Bethany, by now, had given up all pretense of indifference. She slid one hand inside her sweatshirt to knead her aching breasts. Her other hand slid lightly between her legs, still clad in her capris. 

"Ray pointed to the precum leaking from his cock and told me my sister loved the taste and liked to rub it on her lips like lip gloss," she said focusing on the precum leaking from Jack's cock. Bringing it to her mouth, she slid the head across her lips, bathing them in his precum, moaning at the sensation. 

Jack inadvertently thrust his hips forcing the head of his cock inside Ariana's mouth. 

"Nuh, uh," she cautioned. "That's not part of this story, Jack. I wouldn't blow my brother-in-law, either." Jack just groaned as he watched her play with him like a cat with a mouse. 

Ariana looked over and smiled at Bethany who was clearly getting overheated from the scene playing out in front of her. Bethany gave in, pulling off her sweatshirt and bra, releasing her firm, super-sensitive tits. She then unzipped her capris and eased them down to her knees, before running a finger across the outside of her panties and feeling just how soaked they were already. 

"I'm glad to see you're enjoying this, Bethany," she said. "I was hoping you'd play along." 

Bethany had no response other than to fondle her own breasts and dip a hand inside her panties as she watched. 

"I'd love to taste you, too," she said to Bethany while she lapped up some more of Jack's precum. 

"So, Ray, he was getting pretty hot by that time," she resumed. "I thought for sure he would just take me and fuck me senseless, but he played nice, for a while anyway," she watch Jack and Bethany's reaction as she slowly slid Jack's jeans down and off, tossing them to the floor. 

"Ray said he wanted to see me closer, meaning my soaking pussy, and asked me to straddle his chest while he leaned back on the sofa," she demonstrated, having Jack place his head on a pillow while she placed her pussy within inches of his face. Ariana pulled off her shirt, now totally nude, giving Jack a perfect view of her breasts and pussy as she knelt above his head and grasped the backboard of the bed. 
