 I awoke from my nap feeling great. The memory of the apology-blowjob stirred me a little, but I quickly dressed and came out to meet the family. Trudy's family was all home now. Two boys were hard at work on their homework, a bit distracted by the nice day but working hard to earn the privilege to enjoy it. Trudy's husband Steven was also home. He and Trudy were working hard in the kitchen getting dinner together. It was still pretty early, but Trudy and I had to leave early for our meeting. 

Quick introductions took place and then dinner was served. We enjoyed a nice stir fry and then Trudy and I were out the door to our meeting. Steven and the kids wished us luck and hurried with the dishes so they could still enjoy some basketball time.

"Nice family," I said. 

"Yes, I have a great family. I'm glad you had a chance to meet them."

The final organizing meeting of the parents' fundraising committee was quick and intense. I established my value right away, offering both suggestions for fine-tuning the event and a specific suggestion that could mean a huge boost in the fundraising event. People left the meeting positive and optimistic. 

As we were leaving, I stood aside as Trudy finished up with a couple of people. Trudy and Joellen were the last of the parents and both came up to me. 

"Ready to go?" Trudy asked.

"Sure, if you are. Good work tonight, both of you."

"And you too," said Joellen. "That idea for the special appeal is going to be great. I'm totally psyched."

"Now back to Chez Scott," Trudy smiled.

"Yeah, I heard there was a screw up with your hotel," Joellen said. "But Trudy did make it up to you, right?"

I smiled and said that Trudy had made be very welcome. "Well, she had better. And I would be happy to help if I can."

I looked at Trudy and she smiled. "Yes, Joellen, I'm sure you can help."

I felt uncomfortable, not knowing exactly what was suggested, and offered, "Well, I think my hotel room should be available tomorrow, but if there's a problem I'll let you know."

Joellen smiled and we walked out of the building. 

------

"Wake up, wake up." Trudy peeked around the door. "Are you still interested in that run?"

I had been awake and sat up in the bed. "You bet. I slept great -- I'd be very interested in a little jog. You're not going to wear me out, are you?"

"I hope so," Trudy said. She pulled her head back and closed the door. I got up and put on my shorts and shirt. 

I stepped into the hallway and made my way to the living room. Trudy was on the floor stretching out, something I do a little but not nearly enough. 

"Wow, you're pretty limber," I whispered.

"It has wonderful benefits," she smiled.

Shortly we were jogging through the neighborhood. We kept a comfortable pace, just enough to work up a good sweat but still carry a conversation. We covered both personal ground and more details about tomorrow's big event.

After about 40 minutes, Trudy stopped short. "You still interested in soliciting Joellen's help?"

I looked at her puzzled. 

"This is her house. Her family went camping in the Sierra and took off already. I can see the Highlander Hybrid is gone. I'm sure Jo would welcome a little company.

"Do you always treat your consultants this way?"

"Well, you're the only consultant we've ever hired, so I have to say 'yes.'"

She walked up the drive and around the side up to the backyard. She walked up to a beautiful deck and knocked gently on the glass door. A few seconds later, Joellen appeared, a bit cautiously. When she saw who was at the door, she smiled and opened it wide.

"I see you're out getting some exercise. Trudy, I know it makes your butt tight, but I can't see how you can get up and run every morning."

"Well, today it was much easier," Trudy exclaimed.

"Yes, I can see that." Joellen looked me over very carefully and was clearly checking me out.

"I may not run, but I'm always good for some morning exercise." She took my hand and led me to the large bed. "Care to join us Trudy?"

The covers were still tumbled, but Joellen quickly threw them aside. She pushed me hard enough to force me onto the bed. With clear determination, she reached up and grabbed the sides of my running shorts and yanked them down to me knees, then slowly pulled them down and off my legs. I looked up to see her hungry eyes taking in my cock, then looked over to Trudy as she pulled off her top and sports bra. Joellen stood up and threw off her robe, revealing a totally naked and tanned body that brought firmness to my hungry cock. I pulled off my shirt but had no time to remove my shoes.

Trudy and Joellen were likely about the same age -- early to mid-forties. But their bodies were quite different. Trudy had a basically athletic body -- tall and well-toned. She had a very tight and beautiful ass. The only contradiction to her athleticism was a pair of tits there were large and very round, drooping only slightly.

Joellen looked much different in her nakedness. Shorter and a bit rounder, she possessed the best of the concept of soft. Her tits were slightly more pendulous, but still very large. They were tipped by the largest, most beautiful nipples I've ever seen. Her ass was rounder and her pussy was bushier. Where Trudy looked to offer a thrilling ride in her sports car, Joellen presented a comfortable drive in a classic convertible. This was going to be fun.

Joellen leaned over and kissed my chest as she grabbed my thickening cock. She purred her satisfaction as she crawled up my body and kissed my neck, face and finally lips. After a brief but savage kiss, she kept crawling up a bit more and placed her tits directly over my face. I reached up and grabbed both tits and moved her nipples toward my lips. I was able to stretch her tits ever-so-slightly so that I could put both nipples in my mouth at the same time. As I sucked a bit harder, I could hear Joellen moan louder -- an audible cause-and-effect that allowed me to play her like a passion flute.

I was reminded that we were not alone as a mouth slid over my cock. Trudy was invisible to me, but suddenly the warmth and talent of her mouth reminded me most pleasantly of her presence in the room.

After several minutes of wonderful oral ministrations, I felt the coolness of the air on my wet cock. I was slightly disappointed but not for long. Moments later, that coolness was replaced by the hot tightness of Trudy's cunt as she slowly settled onto my steel-hard cock. When my mind had focused completely on the silken heat of her pussy, Joellen regained my attention by climbing higher and sitting squarely on my face. 

As her knees settled on either side of my ears, I was able to look up to the most luscious pair of dangling lips and an enormous clit already poking its way out of hiding. She lowered herself just enough for me to begin strumming her massive labia with my tongue, sucking and flicking as she moaned her approval above. Every once in a while she would lower herself just enough to push her clit into my mouth, and I would reward her new position with tight suction on her clit while dancing my tongue across the tip of her pleasure nub. She would take it for only a few seconds and then pull up, leaving her dripping labia above me and available for more attention.

I quickly became lost. Even with my best compartmentalizing mind, it was hard to pay attention to the attention I was getting. My cock was getting a workout as Trudy posted on me, and Joellen was vigorously riding my face to her great satisfaction. In what could easily have been two years -- paying attention to time at a time like this seems ludicrous -- the hard work was paying off. I'm pretty sure Trudy had cum at least twice, but it was hard to tell completely. Joellen was definitely riding up for the big fall, sitting firmly on my face and pushing her now hungry clit into my mouth as hard as she could. I continued to suck and lick, pushing hard and sliding my tongue slowly across her clit from side to side as I maintained a lip lock on her nether lips. 

When she finally crashed over the abyss, it was noisy and a bit dangerous. I thought I was going to lose parts of my face to her explosion. Juice flowed out of her cunt and further covered my now-wet face. I licked more slowly as she shuddered through several waves of orgasm.

But when she came, I was able to concentrate most of my attention on the incredible milking action that Trudy's cunt was performing on my dick. She would squeeze intensely as she slid up my cock and hesitate for just a moment before crashing down on my dick, slamming my head against her cervix. Slowly and continually, she slid up and crashed down until I could feel myself approaching the same cliff that they both had fallen off minutes before. 

I held my breath for a few moments and curled my toes tightly as my orgasm rounded the last corner of certainty. At that point, I knew it was coming and I totally relaxed, and felt the intense pleasure bomb build up and explode through my cock. Joellen had slid off of my face by this time, which is good since I needed access to as much air as I could get. Normally, the intensity of my orgasm is many times greater with a blowjob than with a great fuck, but this explosion made me wonder how an orgasm could be any more intense. Lacking a side-by-side comparison, I was giving this particular climax my vote.

I became aware of my surroundings when Trudy and Joellen both curled up into my arms. There is probably no better post-orgasmic feeling than two fine women curled up in your arms, and I gently stroked their hair as I regained my sense of equilibrium.

"That was a damn fine workout," Joellen said. "Who needs to beat the pavement when you can have that kind of fun."

"I hate to break up the party, but I need to get back to the house and get the morning squared away," Trudy said. "Blair, you're welcome to stay here if you want . . ."

"I'd like to stay right here for the next three days, but my clothes and such are at your house. Joellen, would you be offended if I left you here to recover?"

"I'm totally offended -- and demand you make it up to me later!" Joellen joked. "I might just fall back to sleep, to tell the truth. I'm feeling a bit light-headed."

Trudy and I walked the remaining two blocks back to her house. We were able to swing into the morning preparations easily and were eating breakfast and laughing with her family for the next hour and a half. I never felt uneasy with Trudy's husband Steven and the kids. The fact that I had recently blasted her cunt full of my cream didn't seem to bother her or me. And I like Steven and the kids very much. It was a great family.

Trudy had a bunch of family errands to run and I had more than enough work to catch up on. She left me to work in the family office while she did her running around. By mid-day we were back in meetings and preparations steps for the auction the next day. I had been hired for my experience and my mind, but for the next several hours my back proved the most important asset. By late afternoon we had filled the auditorium with most of the auction booty that would be focus of so many pocket books tomorrow. I was hot and ready for another shower.

"Our work here is done. Thanks so much for your help, Blair."

"Happy to help. But I need to stand below a cascade of warm water. I'd love to go pack my stuff and get squared away at the hotel. My room should be ready by now," I said. "I'll make a quick call first."

I called the hotel and asked to speak to Jennifer again. "This is Jennifer, how may I assist you?"

"Hi, Jennifer. This is Blair Dotson. I'm hoping my room is ready now."

"Oh Mr. Dotson. I have only slightly better news. We still have a nearly full hotel, and the only rooms I have are smoking rooms." There was a long pause. "I'm so sorry, but will that be acceptable?" 

"No." I let the quiet word hang in the air for a moment. "Jennifer, you said you were going to take care of me. This is becoming very awkward."

"I'm so sorry Mr. Dotson. There just isn't anything I can do. Can you please call again tomorrow -- I'm certain we'll have something tomorrow. And I see your reservation was intended through Sunday."

"Yeah, but that hasn't proven so helpful, has it."

I closed the conversation and looked to Trudy from across the room. She met my eyes and knew instantly that there was another problem with my room. She walked up to me with a big smile on her face. "No way . . ."

"Well, I'm afraid I could stay in a smoking room, but man, I'm not sure I'm up for that."

"Look, we still have room and I dare to say that Joellen would love to have you stay with her. I know this isn't what you signed up for but I suspect we can still make it worth your while."

"Look, I'm here until Sunday morning even if I have to sleep in someone's yard. I'm happy to stay wherever it makes the most sense."

Trudy very discreetly leaned in to me and whispered in my ear. "Well, I can tell you that my pussy knows exactly where that is, but I'm afraid the right thing to do right now is be willing to share," Trudy explained. I wanted to respond that there was plenty of me to go around, but I was a bit afraid to make that promise.

Trudy excused herself and walked over to Joellen, who was working through some details with the custodian. I was across the room but I watched carefully to gauge Joellen's expression. Her face was serious, but then slowly bloomed into a complete, full smile. She looked over at me with a wicked grin and whispered something back to Trudy. I realized I might be in trouble. The way she took command of me this morning and rode my face for her pleasure was intense. I was sure I hadn't seen the best of it.

Joellen came over to me and asked, "Mr. Dotson, would you care to be my guest for dinner tonight?"

"It would be my pleasure," I smiled back. 

"We'll just see about that," she said. I could sense she was making plans and I was anxious to see how they would play out. "I dare say that I may be inviting you to breakfast in the morning as well."

"Well, I had an amazing early breakfast workout this morning. I'd have to say that I'm up for about anything."