 Chapter 1

I was getting tired of my boyfriend, but that's not why it happened. We had been living together for about two years when I noticed that he was changing before my eyes. This was five years ago and I still can't believe it. I sure didn't set out to sleep with one of his best friends. Among other things. 

Steve and I had met at a party thrown by my aunt. He was good-looking, fit and as I found out, great in the sack. He had a great sense of humor and seemed ideal. I'm sad to say that I slept with him that first night. I'm no slut, but I was horny, he was there, and you know the rest. We hit it off real well and we saw each other for a couple months before we decided to move in together. Not once did we talk about marriage. He was 23 and I was 22, so we figured we had time, and there was no rush.

Like I said, Steve was great in bed. He had a nice cock, cut, and just around 7 inches, and kind of thick. I had only slept with two other guys, so I guess he was a bit over average. But he had wonderful stamina and he always made sure I got off before he did. I loved sucking him, going all the way, and swallowing his cum, and he said he liked going down on me. After being a good girl for so long, I finally moved in with a guy and I was having sex all the time. I was getting good at it, if I may say so myself. We moved in together and had a "fucking great time". At first.

I guess you need a bit of back-ground before we get to the sex part. My name is Kit, short for Kate, short for Kathy. Back then, I was still a bit of a tomboy, about 5'5" and 123 lbs. Although I wasn't fat, I was not skinny. I had medium length brownish blonde hair, nice 38C breasts, and a flat belly, but hips a bit bigger than I wanted. (I've lost a bit since then.) I joined Steve on his slow-pitch baseball team from work, and we partied like mad nearly every weekend. It was a good life. At first. He was going to school and I had a great job as a secretary receptionist for a law firm. There was no way I was going to pay for his education without some kind of pay-back scheme, so he had a part time job and leached off his folks.

It got weird when our apartment block went condo.

There was no way we could afford to stay and so we started looking for another place. Gary, one of the guys from the ball team, mentioned that he was looking for another place, so we threw in together and I found a nice house for us. Close to the University and for Gary and I, real close to our places of work. It was two stories, with two bedrooms and a small den/office upstairs, and a semi-finished rec room in the basement. The rent was cheap because it was a bit of a dive, but we had a painting party for our team, and we had the joint looking like 'home' in no time. The three of us went to garage sales to buy furniture and we had a wonderful time. We shared all the cooking and cleaning and I managed the bills. It wasn't domestic bliss for the three of us, but it was alright.

I should describe Gary, our roommate. Ordinary. That's about it. Average height, average weight, average looks. But he was a nice guy and had a decent job as a financial planner. I guess living with us, for a long time he felt like a fifth wheel. Gary and I were having sex almost constantly, while he was really shy and hardly dated. That's not to say he was sexless. More than once, I caught him peeking down my top as I moved my Monopoly piece around the board. He'd always blush and have to go get a drink before Steve caught on. It was cute, since he came off as being so harmless. And after the house was quiet in the deep of night, I'd hear his bedsprings creaking in the room beside ours, and I'd listen to him masturbate and wonder what he was thinking about. Then, when Steve and I were having sex, I wondered if he could hear us. 

We had shared this arrangement for about 18 months when, I guess you could say, the bloom was off the rose and the passion was going, going gone. Steve started to get abusive. He never hit me, but he was cruel. We didn't stop having sex, but we didn't make love, either. The sex started to feel like he was punishing me for something. These were subtle shifts, but you other ladies out there might know what I mean. Soon, he stopped going down on me and I said fine, and stopped giving him head. Then the sex started tailing off altogether. He started spending more time at work (he waited tables at a fancy restaurant) and it felt like he was just taking me for granted.

Gary, on the other hand, was getting laid all the time. It started after our last game of the year. We had the party at our place and it was a real blast. Lots of good grass and a keg of beer. I noticed that Gary hooked up with a girl, who was an acquaintance of one of the other girls on the team. I have to admit she was quite good looking, though I had a better body. (It struck me as weird that first, I was comparing myself to her, and second, that I was feeling a twinge of jealousy. After all, it was usually my breasts that he was trying to cop a peek at.) 

Later that night as things were slowing down and thinning out, I was in the kitchen starting a clean up. One of our other team-mates came along grinning, and quietly asked if I had caught any of the action. What action, I asked, and he told me to stop by Gary's room next time I went to the upstairs bathroom. I conveniently realized that I had to pee. I tiptoed up the stairs and Gary's door was open. I carefully peeked in and I could see what that guy meant. 

All I could see in the sliver of light from the hall was her ass, and just below that, Gary's cock sliding into her soaking wet pussy. I knew I should just close the door and get out of there, but I couldn't. (This girl was riding Gary like Pollard rode Seabicuit... I loved that movie...) I couldn't see much, but I could hear plenty from the girl. There was a steady stream of "Yeah, oh yeah, fuck me good, yeah fuck, you got a nice cock for fucking, oh keep fucking me, keep fucking me..." and on and on. I just kept watching.

By the time I heard someone else coming up to use the bathroom, I realized that I had one hand down my sweatpants and the other under my sports bra, tweaking a nipple. I rushed into the bathroom and closed the door. I looked in the mirror and my face was flushed. I was ready to cum.

I had been watching my roommate, one of my boyfriend's best friends, get his ass fucked off, and it made me more horny than I had felt in ages! I didn't know what was happening to me. I didn't know whether I just wanted to keep watching or whether I wanted to join in. Steve and I never talked about stuff like that, other than the standard guy's fantasy of "wanting to see two chicks get it on". That had never appealed to me and I told him so. 

But now I wasn't so sure. What if Gary and what's-her-name had seen me and invited me in? What if I accepted? If I was touching Gary, there'd definitely be some skin to skin contact with the other girl, wouldn't there? And then it hit me. Without thinking, I had begun masturbating again, looking at myself in the bathroom mirror. My knees were shaking and I was cumming. I bit my lower lip and ravaged my pussy with three fingers and played my clit with my thumb. My other hand had to keep myself steady against the vanity.

It was over in a heartbeat. I had had the best cum in ages, while thinking about other people fucking and perhaps joining in. I was drunk, that was all... I told myself I was a fool, nothing like that would never happen. I quickly peed and got out of the bathroom. The guy who had been coming up the stairs was standing by Gary's door, slowly rubbing his hand across the bulge in his track pants. He looked over at me, embarrassed, and I whispered that the bathroom was free.

I nipped into my room and changed my underwear- they were drenched!- and I headed back down to the party. Maybe the guy who was watching "the show" after me, was doing what I had done. Maybe right now he was stroking his cock and thinking about Gary and what's-her-name fucking. Or maybe he was thinking about me. What if he was thinking about fucking me?

I was still kind of drunk and horny so I went looking for Steve and found him, near incoherent, in the downstairs rec-room. Nearly everyone had left by this time, so I rolled him onto the sofa, covered him with a blanket and kissed him goodnight.

I did some quick cleaning and made sure the place was locked up. I grabbed a beer for a nightcap and I went to my room. Gary's door was closed. I couldn't believe how disappointed I was.

I got undressed and lay on our bed. But sleep wasn't coming, all I could think about, was what I had seen earlier. I started playing lazily with my pussy until I couldn't take it anymore. I got up and pressed my ear to the wall separating Gary's room and ours. I couldn't hear too much, so I emptied out a bedside water glass and tried that. It was much better. I heard laughing and a few words here and there. When I heard the words 'bathroom' and 'gotta go', I sprung into action. (I would not have done this in a million years if I were sober, so, in hindsight, thanks to Budweiser.) I opened my door and waited until I heard their door. I stepped out as the same time as she did, and made it look like dumb chance. 

I wanted to see Gary's manhood. he had tried to see my boobs, so it was only fair. That's what I told myself; that I wanted to see what my roommate's penis looked like. But I think, subconsciously, I was trying to see her. And see her I did. 

She came out naked, like me, and I saw everything. We instinctively covered up, but when she saw it wasn't some guy, she relaxed and dropped her arms. I was right. Her breasts were smaller than mine, she was thinner and she didn't have much in the way of curves. Her hair was longish, and silky. She was a redhead, though I couldn't tell from her pubes. She was shaved! She had a splash of freckles across her nose, and a whole lot more across her chest. We just stood there looking at each other for a few seconds. I wasn't sure, but I thought I saw her eyes flash down and check me out. Maybe she didn't, but I sure looked at her.

She smiled and said great party. I said thanks and said I was glad she was having a good time. She winked and said she was having a 'great time'. She pointed to the bathroom and told her to go ahead. She thanked me again and closed the door.

She had freckles across the small of her back, too! Just like the ones on her breasts. Those freckles! I wanted to see them up close; I wanted to count each one! With my tongue! My God! What was I doing? Was I turning lesbo? More scared about my reaction than anything, and deeply ashamed of what I had done, I ran into my room, closed the door and hid under the covers.

When I woke next morning, Gary and the girl were gone and Steve was a useless, hung over piece of crap. Nothing was mentioned about that night for a long, long time.

Chapter 2

I had made up my mind that Steve and I were done; though like a typical male, he had no idea. We argued more, and he occasionally treated me like garbage. The rest of the time he was kind of nice, like it was a habit he was trying to break. I knew he felt there was no chance I would do anything to stand up for myself- like leave.

Gary had started seeing this girl from his work, Mel, another financial planner. She was nice, they made a nice couple and it was just... nice. She was short and quite pretty, with short blonde hair in a pixie cut. She was quiet and reserved on the occasions when we partied, but I got the feeling there was a wild streak beneath the surface. No kidding. Almost immediately, she started staying over on weekends, spending what seemed like days locked in his room. I talked to Steve about it and he said it was great that Gary was getting laid, and that maybe now he wouldn't spend so much time looking at my tits.

As for Steve and me, our sex life continued downhill. I was starting to doubt myself and have some image issues. He was fucking me like I was convenient, not like he wanted to. When we did do it, I was, for the first time, thinking about other things. Among them, freckles and lost opportunities.

One Friday, Steve and I had another argument when I called him from work. He said he was going out with friends after work and wouldn't be home until late. I told him I wasn't impressed because we were supposed to be doing something together. He told me not to be such a nag and hung up on me. I was so choked! I got home from work and cooked some supper. I opened a bottle of wine and ate alone in the living room. I figured what the heck and rolled a joint, too. (I usually don't smoke or drink alone, but I was pissed off at Steve and that was my story, and I was sticking to it. He taught me to roll doobies, and it was his pot, too. All good excuses, in my book.)

About eight, the phone rang. Not caring if it was Steve or not, I answered it. The person on the other end asked for Gary and I said that he wasn't home yet. The girl, (it wasn't Melanie- I knew her voice), said never mind, she'd be over in half an hour and hung up. This was odd, but it was none of my business.

No sooner had I had hung up, than Gary and Mel walk in, and they were drunk, or close to it. They were giggling like school-kids and Gary had a dozen beer under his arm. They had stopped off at the neighborhood pub after work and had a few. They went right up to his room after putting the beer in the fridge. I didn't have a chance to say anything about the phone message.

I watched TV for a few minutes and started daydreaming about what Gary and Mel were going to be doing, while I went without. I thought it was cruel that things had come so full circle.

I was thinking about going up there and telling Gary about the mysterious phone call, (and who was I kidding, hoping I could catch another peek of his cock sliding into a girl's tight pussy) when he came down and asked if there were any messages. I told him about the one, just moments before he came in, and he seemed shocked. "She'll be here in half an hour? Holy shit..." It was like he didn't believe it. He got all red and embarrassed, and I said, kind of flirty-like, "Do you want me to send her up when she gets here?" He got even more red and embarrassed and said without thinking, no, she knows the way. I guess I looked totally shocked, for he slapped a hand over his mouth and almost ran out of the room.

I didn't know what to think.

They were going to fuck, I just knew it... This other girl was going to come over and they were going to have an orgy in my house. The first thing that leapt to mind after this realization was, why didn't they ask me?

I had had two glasses of wine with supper. I corked the bottle, and went to the fridge for a beer. I was really depressed now, and I set out to get drunk. I was flipping though channels when there was a knock on the door. I opened it and there she was. The girl that Steve slept with the night of the team party. The red-head. The girl that I had drooled over in the hallway. Freckles. I was totally floored but what could I do?

I invited her in. She was smiling, sexy and confident- everything I wasn't at this point in my life. Her name was Sydney- what a great name! She said call me Syd and took off her coat. She was wearing a muslin peasant blouse and denim mini-skirt. When she shook her hair loose, her breasts wobbled freely beneath the cotton. I almost leered, but recovering, I asked if she wanted a beer. (Why I asked, I had no idea... we both knew why she was here.) 

When I came back from the kitchen, she was sitting in Steve's recliner, tilted all the way back. Her legs were slightly spread. I could see all the way up her skimpy dress. She wore nothing beneath it. I just about dropped the beer. What she putting on that show for me?

As I handed her the beer, she asked my name. I said she could call me Kate, or Kit, whatever. I sat down and took a gulp of beer and steeled my courage. "So... are you meeting Gary and Mel?" She actually blushed! It was gorgeous contrast with the freckles. Those freckles...

She smiled and said that, yeah, Mel wanted to see 'what is was like to play on the other team for a change'. She added quotation marks with her delicate hooked fingers. 

"And you...?" I stammered.

"Well, yeah, I play for 'both teams'," she said, no more than a whisper, with her little quotation mark fingers again. "Gary called to see if I wanted to join them, and I said sure. He's a good lay. You ever do it with him?" 

I almost choked on my beer. It was my turn to blush! "God, no, he's just a friend, my boyfriend's friend- we're just roommates!"

"Oh," she said, "I just thought..." and she trailed off, and looked at whatever was on the TV. 

She looked like she was in no hurry, and as host I figured I had to keep the conversation moving. "So, are you... going to go...?"

"Up there? Yeah, soon." Then the bombshell. "Why don't you join us?"

This time, I did choke on my beer. I said there was no way I could do that, Gary was my roommate, and my boyfriend would freak... all the excuses I could think of. She had been leaning back in the recliner, but she moved forward and sat up as she said, "Boyfriend? Where is he? I bet he's out with the boys and left you alone for the night."

I asked how she could possibly know that, and she said, the roach in the ashtray, the dinner plate, the empty wineglass, the beer. It didn't take Matlock to figure it out. By this time she was out of the chair and sitting down beside me. I was starting to leak at the eyes and she said that it was okay, guys can be such jerks. I had to laugh and agree or else burst into tears. She asked one more time if I would like to join them. Out of the corner of my eye I could see the gentle swell of her breast beneath the blouse. She was bra-less, I could see her nipples... and the freckles... 

Oh god, should I? I could smell her faint lemony scent and I realized that I was getting turned on... This couldn't be happening! I was looking down at my hands but when I looked back up at her to answer, her face was right there. She closed the gap and her lips touched mine. It was gentle- nothing forceful or rammy, just a feather-light touch. It was the first time I ever kissed a girl. I hadn't even done the usual experimenting with my girlfriends in high-school. I felt her tongue brush my lip and her hand came up to cup my cheek. Again- so gentle, so very gentle.

I just about melted, I was getting aroused- I could feel myself getting damp, but I pulled away and said softly, "No, I really don't think I could... but thank you."

She smiled. "No problem." Then she shrugged and said, "Well... I guess I should..." She got up and smoothed her clothes. She picked up her beer and said see ya and went up to... to, well, do whatever with Gary and Mel.

I watched her disappearing bit by bit up the stairs and I knew I should have said yes, but damn it, I was chicken. I got another beer and decided, Steve or not, that I was never going to turn down an experience like that. Ever.

Damn it! I shouldn't have smoked that pot; it always gets me horny. I clamped a lid down on my arousal. Still, part of me wanted to go up and listen to their frolic from my room, but I set out to get drunk instead.

-----

I had a good cry on the sofa, feeling so sorry for myself. The self-pity turned to red-hot anger and I cursed out Steve the asshole, and lined up everything I was going to say to him whenever he got home. He was sure in for it...

I had finished off two beers, (way over my limit), and I was feeling brave. Damn it all, I thought, Steve can go fuck himself. I was going to go up there and ask if I could join in, or at least watch... 

What was I thinking? How in heck do you invite yourself to an orgy? What if they said no? But... hadn't I been invited? Sydney did invite me! But again, deep down I was chicken. 
