 Travis watched the way Rachel's ass moved as he followed her and Jason up the stairs. He wanted to reach out and give her fanny a slap. He had seen her in a bathing suit and wanted to see the rest, but so far, Jason wasn't sharing. Until today, that is. Travis thought Jason's plan was nuts, but he was going along, just in case it worked out.

By now, Laura should already be waiting with Nathan, two floors up, in Nathan and Jason's room. Laura was Jason's girlfriend, and Rachel was the girl Jason was fucking on the side. Fucker. He was too fucking lucky. Both girls were gorgeous. Laura was the cute brunette bookworm. Rachel was the bombshell blond with big fake tits. Not that fake bothered Travis. They looked fantastic as far as he had been able to see.

"Don't even say anything," Jason had coached them. "As soon as the door closes behind us, just take your clothes off. I'll take care of the rest."

"This better not be some kind of prank," Rachel had replied.

"Just trust me."

Trusting Jason was what Travis and Rachel were doing when they followed Jason into the room he shared with Nathan. And from what Travis could see, things were going even better than Jason had planned. Laura and Nathan were both naked, except Laura still wore her socks. She was on all fours on Nathan's bed, and she was sucking his cock. After a few seconds, she noticed the newcomers standing there and jumped back away from Nathan, trying in vain to cover herself. Travis had to admire her body. She had perky tits and a great ass. He caught a glimpse of her dripping wet pussy as she moved away from Nathan. The room already smelled like sex. 

"It's about time," Nathan said. "I thought Laura and I were going to have this party alone."

"You already fucked her?" Jason asked. His tone carried an edge of irritation. "You were supposed to wait for us."

Laura's eyes widened in confusion.

"Sorry, man" Nathan shrugged. "She was too fast."

"What the fuck is going on?" Laura asked.

"Shut up," Jason said. He looked at Rachel and Travis. "Any time now guys."

Travis remembered his part of the plan and quickly stripped off his t-shirt and dropped his pants and boxers, kicking them all into a corner. He finished in time to watch Rachel unclasp her bra and release her perfect tits. His cock was already hardening when he reached down to stroke it to its full length. Jason was naked, sitting on the edge of his bed and Laura was glaring at him. Rachel knelt in front of Jason and fell to sucking his cock.

"Laura," Jason said. "Why don't you suck Travis's cock for him?"

Travis blushed, but he looked at Laura hopefully. His cock was fully hard and stood tall and proud in front of him.

"Sit in that chair," Laura pointed to the desk chair at the far end of the room.

Travis passed the two beds and sat in the chair. He still held his cock at the base and waved his rigid shaft back in forth in the air. He watched Laura hop off Nathan's bed and cross the room to him. She stopped a pace from him and turned to Jason.

"Why didn't you just ask me?" she asked him indignantly.

"I wanted it to be a surprise," Jason said with a shrug of his shoulders. He moaned suddenly and a loud sucking noise came from Rachel.

Laura turned back to Travis. She knelt between his legs and wrapped her fingers around his cock. Travis moaned his approval and Laura began to suck his cock. Travis noticed Nathan lounging on his bed, slowly stroking his limp, but still very large cock. Laura's tongue brought Travis's attention back. She worked his rock-hard cock in her mouth, sucking hard, wet sucks.

"Mmm," Travis moaned. "Suck my cock."

Laura pumped his shaft while she sucked, sending blinding waves of pleasure through Travis's body. Travis watched her finger her pussy while she sucked his cock. After what felt like hours of bliss, Laura finally pulled Travis's cock out of her mouth.

"Do you want to fuck me?" she said, looking up at Travis from between his legs.

"Yeah," Travis breathed with a nod. He looked up to see that Rachel had climbed onto Jason's lap. She faced away from him as she eased his cock into her pussy. Nathan stood in front of the pair and dangled his huge cock in Rachel's face. Rachel quickly grabbed it and guided it into her mouth as she began to hump herself up and down on Jason's cock.

Laura rose and straddled Travis's legs. She reached down and guided his cock into her pussy and slowly eased herself down onto him. Her soaking wet pussy sent shivers of pleasure through his cock and up into the rest of his body. Travis cupped one bouncing breasts and leaned over to suck her hardened nipple. Laura rode his cock hard, moaning and gasping and crying out.

Rachel was still riding Jason's cock while she sucked Nathan's. She could fit less than half of Nathan's enormous dick in her mouth, but she sucked it hard while she stroked him.

Laura clenched her pussy around Travis's cock and he gasped aloud. She quickly climbed off him and returned to Nathan's bed, where she laid back, legs spread.

"Get over here and fuck me," she urged. Travis wasted no time in climbing on top of her and driving his cock back into her pussy. Her tits heaved up and down as he fucked her. He drove his cock into her as deep as it would go and pulled it back out again. Over and over he rammed his cock into her slick, hot pussy.

"Let her get back on top," Jason said, and Travis realized he was talking about Laura. Travis pulled his cock out of Laura's pussy and lay down next to her, and in turn, Laura climbed on top of him and impaled herself on his cock.

"Now go fuck my girlfriend's ass," Jason said to Nathan.

Laura stopped her humping. "You can't be fucking serious," she said. "There's no way I can fit that thing in my ass."

"That is a really big cock," Rachel agreed.

"Ok, fine," Jason said. "Nathan, you get on the bottom, Travis, you can fuck her in the ass."

Laura looked down at Travis and smiled. "You want to fuck me in my ass?"

Travis nodded and Laura hopped off the bed. Travis followed, allowing Nathan to take his place. He lay on his back, holding his huge cock straight up in the air.

"I can't believe how fucking big this thing is," Laura said as she slowly eased the tip of Nathan's cock into her pussy. It took a lot of work before Nathan was even half-way inside her. And he had already fucked her once.

Travis climbed on the bed with them, squatting behind Laura. She leaned over Nathan's chest and Travis pushed the pussy-slick tip of his cock against her asshole. He spread her ass apart with his hand and slowly eased his cock into her impossibly tight asshole. He pushed until the head of his cock was inside her before stopping to give her time to adjust. He looked over to see Jason fucking Rachel's pussy from behind while he squeezed and pinched her tits. Slowly, Travis pushed a little more and Laura howled as another inch of his cock slid up her ass. Travis could feel Nathan's cock moving inside Laura's body. He pushed more and more again until almost all of his cock was buried in Laura's ass. Just as slowly, he began to pull it back out, but stopped half-way only to thrust it back in. Eventually, he hurried his pace, until he was frantically fucking her asshole while she rode Nathan's cock.

"Oh fuck oh fuck oh fuck!" Laura screamed.

"Mmm, yeah fuck me," Rachel said from the other bed. Jason was in the process of burying his cock in her ass.

Travis lost track of his surroundings as the pleasure from his own fucking swept over him. He couldn't believe the plan had worked this well. He fucked Laura's asshole while Nathan fucked her pussy. He was close to cumming so he pulled his cock out of Laura's ass. As quickly as she could, he moved around Nathan and Laura without stepping on them and jerked himself off in Laura's face.

"Yeah, cum in her mouth," Jason gasped. He and Rachel were bouncing the bed off the wall they were fucking so hard.

Laura opened her mouth and howled with pleasure as Nathan fucked her and Travis came. His vision blurred as his orgasm shook him, and he shot spurt after spurt of cum into Laura's mouth. Laura licked the last of his goo off the tip of his cock and Travis finally climbed down off the bed and flopped back down in the chair, spent.

Jason suddenly gasped and pulled his cock out of Rachel's ass. She turned around quickly to catch his spurting cum in her mouth. She sucked his cock while he came, catching all of his spunk. Travis looked back to Laura, who had climbed down off the bed. She was on her knees, sucking the tip of Nathan's cock while he pumped his shaft. Nathan stiffened and moaned and Laura backed away in time for Travis to see a big gob of cum shoot out of Nathan's cock into her mouth. This was followed by another and another until an impossibly huge load filled Laura's mouth and covered a good portion of her face and still more decorated her tits. Laura swallowed the cum in her mouth and cleaned her face with her fingers, which she licked clean in turn.

"Lick the cum off her tits," Jason said to Rachel.

Rachel joined Laura on the floor, and bent over, bringing her face to Laura's breasts. Rachel licked and sucked Laura's tits, cleaning off the cum to be sure, but spending quite a lot of time sucking hungrily at Laura's nipples.

When she was done, Rachel looked up at Laura.

"Have you ever eaten pussy before?" Rachel asked.