 It was a cool autumn afternoon when I arrived at the warehouse. In Austin Texas, "cool" means the low 70's, which truly was a welcome relief from the previous month's high 90's. I glanced at the sign on the gate reading "Guard Dog On Duty" as I unfastened the padlock. As I drove inside and relocked the gate, I thought about our guard dog. It was probably the world's most quiet, docile and non-threatening guard dog. In fact, it could almost be considered non-existent. As usual, I put my car out of the sun in the small warehouse behind the main building. 

I was helping friends remodel the old warehouse into a gay bath. Since I have a day job, I was working mainly on weekends and occasional nights. On this particular Sunday, I was painting in the basement. It was quiet, except for an occasional creak from the old structure. Most of the other workers like the radio blasting. I prefer silence.

After a couple hours of painting, I decided to take a break. When I reached the top of the new back stairs by the loading dock, I heard muffled sounds coming from the old offices in the front of the building. No one else was supposed to be in the building. I slipped across the darkened gym floor. The heavily reinforced floor didn't creak under my weight, but I had to be careful to avoid tripping over the stacks of construction materials stored in the area. 

We'd installed a toilet and sink in the closet at the back of the owner's old office and put a door from the gym into the new bathroom. I slipped into the bathroom and looked out from the darkness into the office, which was brightly illuminated by sliding glass doors on two walls.

Most of the space in the room was taken up by rolls of insulation and stacks of acoustic ceiling tile. The only furniture was a double mattress and box spring left by a previous tenant. A girl was lying on her back on the bed with her legs spread. A boy was on top of her. Both were naked. 

All I could see clearly from the bathroom was the boy's muscular brown back and the girl's creamy white thighs, but it was easy to tell that they were French kissing. As I watched, he moved his head down over her chest and started licking her tits. 

My cock sprang to attention as I unzipped my cutoffs. I gripped my shaft and started slowly stroking it as I watched the action unfolding in front of me.

The boy got up onto his elbows and knees, exposing his stiff cock, swinging balls, muscular buttocks and tight little asshole. He moved slowly down the girl's body, kissing and licking her chest and belly. He stopped with his face between her legs and started giving her head. He was obviously sexually experienced and well acquainted with her body because she quickly began thrashing and screaming from multiple orgasms.

Almost unconsciously, I'd moved into the room to get a better view. The girl suddenly sat up in bed and I jumped backward into the bathroom to avoid being seen. I needn't have bothered. At that point, she was focusing only on her lover. "Fuck me now, Jose," she moaned. "I can't wait any longer."

He lifted his head from her pubic area. "Are you sure you're ready for me, Diane?" he asked in a husky whisper. "I'm pretty big and you're so new at this . . ."

Diane grabbed Jose's head and fell back onto the bed, dragging his body onto hers. "Come on Jose," she gasped. "You know I need you . . . now."

Jose's voice was low and seductive. "What do you want, Baby," he purred. "Tell me exactly what you want."

"I want you to take your big long thick Latin cock and shove it all the way into my tight hot little Anglo pussy. I want you to ram that big stiff pole into me until I scream for mercy. But you won't show me any mercy. You'll keep pounding me until you flood my helpless little cunt with white-hot cream." Diane was working her hips as she spoke, positioning her vagina entrance against the head of Jose's penis.

"As long as you're sure what you want, Baby," Jose replied. "Hard and fast?"

"Oh yeah Baby. As hard and fast as you can."

That's what Jose gave her. He moved around for a moment, making sure he was positioned correctly, then thrust the entire length of his member into her in one convulsive motion. Diane screamed at the top of her lungs as Jose penetrated her, but it wasn't a scream of pain or fear.

He fucked her just as hard and fast as she'd requested, pounding her pussy like a jackhammer. Diane gave another orgasmic scream each time Jose's cock slammed home. I expected him to come within a few seconds, but he continued hammering her for minute after minute. Finally, he rose to his knees and grabbed her ankles, lifting them up and away from her body. Now he was screaming as loudly as she was. 

I was stroking my dick in time with his cock thrusts, attempting to time my orgasm to coincide with his rapidly approaching climax. Suddenly, I snatched my hand away and stood gasping in the darkness. My penis throbbed wildly as Jose uttered a final scream and emptied his load into Diane's hole, but I was able to keep from ejaculating. Barely. I wanted something more satisfying than simple voyeurism and masturbation. Besides, they were trespassing and needed to be taught a lesson. 

Jose collapsed on top of Diane. I moved further back into the bathroom and listened to them gasping for breath as I waited for my dick to soften. I was too excited. It stayed hard. The final straw came when I heard Diane whisper "I love the way you're always hard, Jose."

That did it. I stuffed my erection back into my cutoffs and pulled the zipper up as far as possible. I stepped into the office and put as much surprise and anger as possible into my voice as I exclaimed "What the hell is going on here?"

Jose leaped off the bed and spun around to face me. He was tall and slender, about 5'10" and 160 pounds, with the face of an angel and close-cropped black hair. His muscular arms and chest matched his beautifully sculpted legs and buttocks. He appeared to be about 19. His 6" dick was still hard and glistening with pussy juice. He balled his hands into fists and took a step toward me. 

"Don't even think about it," I commanded. "I'm an ex-Marine." I'd really been in the Navy, but I didn't want to get into subtle distinctions. Jose realized I had four inches and thirty pounds (all muscle) on him and stopped moving.

When I was sure Jose wasn't going to lunge at me, I turned my attention to Diane. She was sitting up on her elbows, staring at me with a mixed expression of lust and fear on her face. Her body was slender and athletic, with small but beautifully formed breasts. I guessed that she was Jose's age and close to his height. Her blonde hair was cut short, stopping at mid-ear on the sides and collar-length in back. Unless she dyed her pubic hair, she was a natural blonde. Her legs were still spread and I could Jose's cum glistening inside her gaping cunt. My cock grew even harder and I was glad I'd left it in an upright position when I'd zipped my cutoffs.

"OK, get dressed," I growled. "I'm going to take you into the office where I can watch you while I call the police."

"Please don't do that," Diane protested. "We didn't hurt anything. We just needed a place to make love. Our parents don't want us to see each other."

"Jose's parents call me a slut and a whore," Diane continued, "but that's not fair. I like sex, but I've been real choosy about the boys I've slept with and I've never taken money for it in my life. "

"And her parents call me a 'Mexican gang-banger,'" Jose added, "but I'm not in a gang and I've never been in trouble with the law."

"You're in trouble now," I said, looking at them sternly. "You could have broken in here to steal and just decided to have a quickie before you robbed us."

"We've been here before and we've never taken anything," Jose objected. "Dude, your security sucks. There's holes in the fence and that sliding door opens if you pull on it. That dog sign on the gate is a lame joke. There isn't any damn dog. If we were Banditos, you'd be cleaned out by now."

I kept my face grim. "You're still in trouble," I replied.

Jose was silent as he looked into my eyes. "OK, go ahead and bust me," he finally said. "Just leave Diane out of it and I'll tell the cops I broke in here to steal."

"No!" Diane protested. "Jose is a good boy. Breaking in here was my idea." Her eyes wandered from my face down to the bulge in my cutoffs and back. "Let him go and I'll show you a good time." 

"You're both guilty and you'll both be punished," I said sternly, looking from one teenager to the other. "But if you do what I say, we'll keep the police out of it." They looked at each other for a long time, obviously understanding what short of punishment I had in mind.

Jose nodded sullenly, refusing to look me in the eye. 

"OK, that's a lot better than the police," Diane replied. She didn't sound too unhappy. I was ten years older than she was, but I was in really good shape and reasonably good looking.

"Jose, you get to the head of the bed where I can keep an eye on you," I commanded. He scrambled to obey. "Diane can stay right where she is." I leered at Diane as I unfastened my cutoffs. She stared wide-eyed at my hard-on as I let my cutoffs fall around my ankles and stepped out of them. 

Diane had never closed her legs. I entered her without any preliminaries. Her snatch was slick, hot and tight. My cock was longer and thicker than Jose's, but she took it easily, moaning with pleasure when she felt my balls pressing against her pussy lips. 

Her nipples, already puffy from Jose's attentions, continued swelling as I took her with long slow strokes. "Babe, you've got a wonderfully muscular cunt," I gasped. "I've never had a girl grip my cock as good as you're doing."

Jose had lost his erection. I suspected that Diane's willing submission to me had hurt his pride. He was kneeling on the bed with Diane's head between his knees. She smiled up at him and said, "Come here honey. You're the man I love." He moved forward, so his cock and balls were dangling over Diane's face. 

Jose quickly stiffened as Diane began licking and sucking his nuts. 

"You really are a slut, Babe," I gasped to Diane as I increased the tempo of my thrusts. "I like that in a woman." 

Jose glared at me for a minute, but quickly surrendered himself to the sensations Diane's mouth was generating. He bent forward to stroke her breasts and the head of his stiff prick brushed against my lips. He probably hadn't intended that to be an invitation to suck him, but I found it irresistible. He quickly exploded in my mouth. Seconds later, I filled Diane's pussy with my cream. 

"Wow!," Jose gasped. "I ain't never been blown that good." He looked down at Diane and quickly added, "Except by you, Babe. And your sucking my balls really made it great"

Diane was looking dreamy as she looked up past my face to gaze at Jose. "It's all right, honey," she purred. "I like it when you get your rocks off."

She looked at me, opened her mouth to speak, then stopped, looking slightly puzzled. "What's your name?" she asked.

"Ken."

She giggled. "Like Barbie's boyfriend?"

"Yeah, only anatomically correct."

"That's for sure," she replied.

"Ken's a great fucker too," Diane told Jose. "Almost as good as you are, Baby."

"Kiss me," Diane commanded. Jose and I didn't know which one of us she was talking to, so we both obeyed. Much later, he and I had each thoroughly kissed every inch of her body. I was on my back with Diane on her hands and knees over me. She was sucking my cock and I was eating her pussy when Jose entered her from behind. 

For a while, I continued giving her head while I fondled Jose's gently swinging balls. Then I got a new idea and moved away from the fucking couple. Diane was kneeling on the edge of the bed, slowly rocking back and forth. Jose was standing behind her, allowing her cunt to slide over his dick.

I got a little tube of lubricant out of my cutoffs, coated my index finger and moved behind Jose. He stiffened with alarm as I touched him between his buttocks. "What the fuck do you think you're doing?" he exclaimed.

"Just relax," I replied, gripping his thighs to keep him from jumping away. "This isn't going to hurt and you'll like it."

Diane quickly realized what was happening. "Oh neat!" she exclaimed. "Jose's going to find out how his cock feels in my pussy!" She stopped rocking and lowered her voice. "Don't worry Baby," she whispered to Jose. "Just start moving your hips. Fuck me real slow while Ken does you. He'll be gentle."

Jose's asshole was super tight, so I gradually teased it with the tip of my finger until it finally started opening. After a while I had my finger in up to the first joint and I was gently rotating it. "That feels really weird," Jose gasped, "but it doesn't hurt. In fact, it feels kind of good." That's when I slid it all the way in. He tightened like he was trying to nip my finger off, but he didn't try to squirm away. 

A while later, I had two fingers moving freely in and out of his butt and I decided it was time for the main event. I greased my prick and pressed it between Jose's buttocks. My cock head slid into his hole as I removed my fingers. He didn't resist as I slowly penetrated him. 

When I reached bottom, I stayed motionless, letting him get used to the feeling. "Oh God!" he screamed when I finally started moving. We took it slowly at first, as slowly as he'd been fucking Diane for the whole time, but Jose gradually increased the tempo. Finally, he was slamming his cock into Diane's cunt, nearly knocking her onto her belly with the violence of his thrusts. I was matching him motion for motion. 

I came first and the feeling of my hot sperm splashing against his anal walls set Jose off. I hammered him until the last drop of semen had spurted from my dick. He was pounding Diane just as hard. We were all screaming. Finally, we collapsed in a heap on the bed.

Much later, I heard Diane saying in a breathless voice, "Would you mind? You guys are heavy." I reluctantly rolled off the pile of bodies and dragged myself onto the bed beside Diane. Jose collapsed beside us.

Jose and I lay on the bed with Diane between us, fondling her and each other as our bodies gradually cooled. After a while, I realized I was thirsty, so I got up and fetched my jug of lemonade. We passed it around and Diane spilled a lot on her face and chest while drinking. 

After Jose and I had spent a long enjoyable time licking up the sticky fluid, Diane said, "Boys, cleaning me up that way feels really great, but I'd really like a shower. Is that hose still on the old loading dock?"

"We can do better than that," I said. "The new shower room is finished and we've turned the water heater on. I think we even have some soap and towels."

The three of us spent a long luxurious time washing each other in the warm streams of water in the big new room. Jose was shy about soaping my genitals until Diane took his hands and forced him to touch me, but he quickly gained enthusiasm. Diane eventually had to pull his face down to her breasts to get him away from me.

When each of us had thoroughly cleaned the other two, we finally turned off the water and dried ourselves off. "Follow me, boys," Diane commanded. She took Jose and me by our dicks and lead us back to the bedroom. 

Diane dropped to her knees, positioned Jose and me side by side and started sucking our cocks. At first, she alternated between us. Then she pulled us together, so she could take both of us in her mouth at once. When she had us stiff and throbbing, Diane moved away, pushing us together so my cock was pressed against Jose's tool. "I want to see you boys kiss," she announced. "Use your tongues."

I planted my mouth against Jose's and opened my lips. He resisted until Diane stuck her tongue in his ear and whispered, "Please do it, Honey. It'll really get me hot." It Jose a little while to get used to the feeling of my beard against his face but after he relaxed he was a really good kisser.

Next, Diane ordered us to get on the bed and suck each other's dicks. Once again, Jose resisted until Diane whispered something in his ear. His erection instantly grew even harder and he went down on me eagerly. Diane stood by the bed, watching Jose and me 69. Her legs were spread and one hand was pressed against her crotch, with her middle and index fingers up her pussy and her thumb manipulating her clitoris. Her other hand was roaming over her breasts, caressing her swollen nipples.

Although he was obviously inexperienced, Jose was an excellent cocksucker. Before long, he'd stimulated me to the brink of orgasm. I could tell that he was getting close, too.

"Stop!" Diane commanded. "I don't want you to come yet." Jose and I rolled around on the bed so we were both looking up at her. "Jose, I want you to fuck Ken," she continued. "I really want to see your big beautiful cock sliding in and out of his asshole. I've never seen men doing it and I couldn't see anything when Ken was screwing you."

Jose jumped off the bed eagerly. "OK man. Get on the floor on your hands and knees," he ordered. "After the way you fucked me, I'm going to love ramming this big pole up your butt," he announced as he reached for the tube of lube. A moment later, the head of his greased pole was pressing against my asshole. I felt a flash of intense pain as he shoved it all the way in. 

The sensation of penetrating my ass seemed to startle Jose because he froze for several seconds, leaving his entire length motionless inside me. I gripped him with my anal muscles as my pain quickly faded away.

"Damn," Jose gasped. "I almost came right then."

"Go slow," I replied, slightly breathless. "Diane wants a show. Let's give her a good one."

"Yeah, I want to see Ken get fucked really good," Diane said as she moved to get a closer view of the spot where Jose's cock was entering my asshole.

I relaxed my anal muscles slightly and Jose began moving inside me. He started out slowly, but gradually picked up speed until he was hammering me like he'd done Diane earlier. 

Diane was screaming from repeated orgasms as she jammed her fingers up her pussy while she watched Jose plunging in and out of my ass. "Stop!" she cried. "Get on your back, Ken. I want to see you come while Jose fucks you."

I'd already seen that Diane liked sex a little bit rough, so I decided to accommodate her. I pulled away from Jose, grabbed Diane and threw her onto the bed. She landed on her back. "Like hell you're going to see me come, slut!" I roared. "You're going to feel me come." I lunged forward and fell on top of her.

"Oh no!" she screamed. "Jose, help me!" She'd spread her legs as I approached and caught me between her thighs. Now she was moving her hips to grip my pecker with her pussy lips. Jose was still kneeling motionless several feet away, staring at us. He knew it was a game.

"No you don't, bitch," I shouted as I moved away from her. "Two assholes have been fucked here today. Now it's your turn!"

The fake horror on Diane's face was instantly replaced by real fear. "Oh God no!" she gasped. "Please don't do it, Ken. You'll hurt me."

I froze. "You've never been butt-fucked?" I asked gently.

"No," she whispered. "I'm afraid. Please don't"

Jose gripped my shoulders, pulled me away from Diane and moved to kneel beside her. He kissed her tenderly and whispered, "Baby, you know I've never minded that you weren't a virgin when I met you."

She smiled up at him. "Yeah, Honey," she replied. "You've been great about it."

"You know I love you, no matter what?" he continued. 

"Sure Baby," she whispered. "Just the same as I love you."

I stirred uncomfortably. I like watching people having sex, but this emotional exchange was embarrassing me.

"And you know I'll never hurt you, at least not unless you want me to?" Jose said in an even fainter whisper.
