 That first morning with Trevor and Jules I came awake gently. I felt as thought I could go on sleeping for days, but the light that came in through the stained glass window was too bright to be ignored. Awake, but with my eyes closed, my whole world was stained bright juicy raspberry-red by the light filtered by the glass and my own eyelids. It was hot, and I was damp with sleep-sweat, hair sticking to the back of my neck, one arm stuck to Trevor's ribs, and one thigh stuck to Jules' hip. I wondered idly what on earth we were going to say to each other and what the day would bring.

I opened my eyes and found Trevor, already awake lying with the sheet pulled down to his waist and his hands laced behind his head, waiting for at least one of us to wake up. 

"Hi," he whispered. "How do you feel this morning?"

How did I feel? How is one normally supposed to feel after flipping out, stripping naked, figuratively and literally, allowing her two best friends to scrouge away her personal demons and then fucking them both? "Normal" just doesn't apply to situations like that.

"Weird." I whispered back. "Shy. A little embarrassed."

"Me too," answered Trevor mulling that over. "How's your ass? Did I hurt you?"

Gingerly, I felt my buttocks. They felt warm, but so did everything. It was hot and sticky in that bed. 

"Stung like bloody hell at the time," I told him, "but it's no worse than a little sunburn this morning".

Trevor seemed to think that over for a bit, and then probably because he felt awkward about it, peeled my arm off him, leaned over, planted a kiss on my forehead.

The kiss woke Jules. "Trevor," he mumbled sleepily, "Are you hogging Hart all to yourself over there?"

"Yes. And I was hoping to sneak in a quickie before you woke up, actually. Could you be a sport and pretend to be asleep for a few more minutes?" quipped Trevor.

Jules ignored it. "Anything in particular you'd like to do today, Hart?" he asked me.

It was still early, but it was shaping up to be one of those blazing hot days heavy with heat and perfect for for dozing on the beach in-between cold beers and ice-creams. "Yeah..." I said, "I want to get a good book, lie around on the beach, and do nothing all day."

That would have been the plan, I'm sure except that when I got out of bed, Jules whistled softly between his teeth. "Oh, I don't think so, Hart." he said. "I have to tell you, Miss red-hair-and-freckles, I-get-blisters-sitting-near-a-40-watt-bulb, that does not look like 'a little sunburn' on your backside. That's not the kind of thing you want to show in public."

Looking in the mirror, I didn't think it was that bad. There were two or three slightly raised weals, and few red spots. I thought that a person would have to spend a lot of time scrutinizing my ass, and have an active imagination to think anything other than I'd been sitting in a hot deck chair. In a bathing suit, it would hardly show at all. Jules was obstinate though, and we went hiking instead.

Jules took us to his favourite view point, up the mountain a few kilometres to a rocky clearing with spectacular views of the valley and the lakes. From that vantage, Lake Okanagon stretched long and narrowly to the south, Kalamalka wound to the north and to the right, and friendly little Wood Lake nestled in between them, all framed with misty blue spruce and high-summer haze. A tumble of fallen rocks provided a shaded a patch of hummocky grass where we sat and looked about. Trevor had his sketch pad out within minutes, capturing the view in quick, short strokes. Jules leaned back on his knapsack, nose in a complicated book about the intersection of mathmatics and philosphy. Me, I lay on my back, head propped on Jules' hip and happily indulged in my secret vice; X-Men comics. 

A lazy hour passed this way, until Trevor turned around, one elbow resting on his knee. "Bonnie," he said "What would it take to get you to pose for me here and now?" 

I looked up from the unfolding graphic relationship between Scott and Jean Grey and paused. Trevor was notorious for persuading girls to take off their clothes and pose nude for him to sketch. Notorious? No, he was famous for it. I'd always been curious as to how he persuaded so many women to pose for him. 

"I don't know", I said slowly and uncertainly. "Why don't you try to persuade me?"

And he smiled. Like the Cheshire Cat, from ear to ear, his lips spread out in a devious grin,showing a lot teeth and dimples. "Ok," he said, placing hands and knees on the ground and advancing slowly toward me. His voice dropped into a low, seducing rumble "If its persuading you want, it's persauding you shall have." Guerilla-style, he wriggled on the ground toward my feet, then between my legs coming to rest with his elbows leaning just above my knees. His eyes sparkled with mischief, and he wagged his fingers with a dramatic flourish like a magician about to produce a bunny from a hat. Then he grabbed the waistband of my shorts. 

"Oh, you wouldn't dare!" I told him

"Oh yes I would." he said nodding and grinning even more widely. 

From above my head I heard Jules confirm it. "Oh yes, he would" he said.

Flirting and teasing only goes so far. Inwardly daring myself to do it, I lifted up my hips and let Trevor pull off my shorts and panties. For a moment I felt all kinds of shy about it - bare-assed on the mountain, with my hiking boots still on. But there comes a time to put your money where your mouth is. And for Trevor, at least, that moment had come. 

"Oooh", he breathed, "So the lady is amenable to 'persuasion' after all." His full lips were soft and tickling as he first made contact - drawing intricate arabesques on the skin of my upper thigh with the tip of his tongue. Closer and closer he worked to the centre, pausing for a moment, poised with both arms wrapped around my thighs. Did I really dare? Really? I sighed and relaxed the tension in my back, and let Trevor spread my thighs apart with the palms of his hands. I dared too. 

Slowly, his fingers spread my damp lips apart. Outdoors, in the open I felt a deeper sense of be opened and exposed. I felt bright hot sunshine falling on my inner thighs and inner lips. My clit, never before exposed to sunlight felt blazing hot in the glare. Holding me open with his fingertips, he brought his face closer and closer to my quim, tickling me with his breath and proximity. Then his tongue made full wet loving contact from top to bottom. He kissed me there, gently at first, showing me the full sensitivity of his beautiful mouth, then harder and harder again, open-mouthed, grinding his face against my pubic bone. I had expected something light and teasing. The full-on direct approach was an unexpected element, a mind-fuck that had me gasping and responding quickly. Pausing momentarily, he made sure I was watching and put two fingers inside his mouth, swirling his tongue around them and pulling them out glistening wet. I groaned and lifted up even more as he slid both fingers smoothly inside me, pressing and applying pressure from deep up inside. He had the pressure just right - just there and just right. When I moved, he moved with me, stroking and pressing and rubbing in perfect time. He licked my button, already hard and swollen, pressing it into my flesh, massaging it and moving up, down and around it. I could feel a rising heat prickling across my skin, and knew I must be making silly little whimpering noises. Open-mouthed, my face was pressed hard into Jules' leg, and I know I was clutching his knee hard enough to leave marks. 

"Oh Christ," Jules whispered, moving a strand of hair out of my mouth. "Oh Christ, indeed, that is so hot." 

Trevor made his perfect lips into a perfect O and took my clit into his mouth, sucking gently while pressing it firmly with his tongue. He built the intensity up from there, sucking harder, but not faster, matching the same intensity with his fingers inside me. It all happened so fast, it was almost alarming. Like a shock wave - not the usual slow rolling surf. I recall coming and coming hard, shaking, with my hands covering my face in a kind of erotic surprise. 

Jules lifted my hands away from my eyes, peering into my face questioningly. I blinked and smiled up at him. "Oh." I breathed. "Oh my."

"So," said Trevor making puppy-dog eyes at me "Are you sufficiently persuaded now? Will you pose for a sketch?"

Trevor made four sketches that day. The first one is me lying face up on the blanket. I am stretched out, one hand clutching the opposite wrist over my head, with my ankles demurely crossed. He captured a certain softness to hip, thigh and mouth plus a tell-tale flushing of the cheeks that makes me look like a woman who has obviously just been expertly "persuaded". The second is of me and Jules lying together looking up at the sky. It looks just like we're exploring the infinite together, although we were really just watching an eagle circle overhead. The third is brilliant and simple. Its me sitting on my heels, looking back over my shoulder toward Trevor. Its just a quick sketch, but you can tell its me, hiking boots and all, smiling and trying to keep my hair out my face in the breeze. The final one is my favourite. Its Jules and I together again, this time showing me performing fellatio on Jules. In the sketch, there is a faint suggestion of mountains and trees. Jules' hips are thrust forward, and his shoulders are rolled back. His spine makes a perfect S-Curve as he looks down the hair on his belly into my face. My hair is tumbled all over place, but you can still just make out Jules' fingertips supporting the line of my jaw. We are staring into each other's faces and we both look happy. The scene evokes a spirit of pan-like satyr being joyfully serviced by a mountain nymph. Its beyond erotic. Its obscene. But It is, honestly the best portrait that has even been made of me. I can never show it to anyone of course, but I still keep it wrapped in tissue paper in a drawer, tucked way with other memories. All this time later, I look at that sketch and I can still feel Jules' fingers on my chin and taste him in my mouth.