 When I was 19, after my first year of bible college, I took a place on a crew going treeplanting in central British Columbia. I'd heard a lot about the good money, but, apparently, not every season is the same. We spent days and days crammed in a motel in Prince George — sometimes four and five of us to a room — paying whether we liked it or not.

We finally got a contract, and our crew piled into the van and crew cab truck and headed out. It was brutal work, unforgiving and dirty. Up before dawn on fire watch and rarely getting a shower, unless you were really determined (and didn't mind scrubbing with cold water).

Eventually, I figured out what to do, but I was having trouble making camp-cut (the minimum amount of trees planted in a day, or you paid 30% more for your camp costs). The next contract was no better, and the pattern continued. Work was sparse, and our crew kept being forced to stay in motels in what passes for cities in central BC. I was pretty miserable, but I'm a determined guy, so I kept going. Even if I was surviving on less than starvation rations when we were in town, I knew I'd figure out how to make money sooner or later.

Man, was I glad I waited. About half way through the Summer, we had some new crew show up. Amongst them were Rachel — a new crew 'checker' who would come around and ensure that we were planting correctly, at the proper distance and depth, etc. — and Janine, a planter like the rest of us. Well, I say like the rest of us, but there was nothing about Janine that was like the rest of the schmucks I was forced to hang around at camp with! She was about 5' 6", with red hair and freckles, and had a way of wearing work clothes that caused everybody's jaws to drop, no matter how often we saw her. She actually made mountaineering boots and a lot of dirt look damned sexy. Her friend Rachel (they had been roommates at the bible college we all attended) was just as sexy, but seemed never to get that dirty (oh how wrong I would learn I was on that score!). She had a mass of long dirty blond hair that reached halfway down her back, and a curvy body that, frankly, made me drool. Of course, after being in the bush for a couple of weeks, the site of anything female made me weak in the knees. But now...they were on the block with us. At all times. Sleeping in tents. Showering behind tarps. Sweating. Sigh. That Rachel was the college President's daughter, and Janine was the college Chaplain's only daughter just made it worse. Any mis-steps with these two, and there'd be hell to pay in September.

Now, back then I was in pretty great shape. Hard abs, muscular torso, and killer legs (or so the ladies told me) from high school rugby and then lots of mountain biking and then climbing. I was also kind of ostracized from the rest of the crew, because I was into stuff like learning and talking, whereas they were all hockey players who used the opportunity of being away from their prairie homes to do everything they weren't allowed to at home (I'll never forget my disgust the night one tough guy had so much chewing tobacco that he puked in the fire — if you've never smelled that, do me a favour and take it from me that it's an experience to be avoided). I mostly went to my tent at night and read before sleeping like the dead, getting up the next 'morning' and starting all over again. Did I mention that I was a virgin? Yes, I believed in saving it for marriage, and, barring a couple of breast gropes and a lot of porn, I was 'pure'.

Once Janine and Rachel were at the campfire, though, my reclusive evenings were over, and thoughts of definite impurity plagued my every minute. I really liked Rachel, and hoped that my less boorish ways might impress (probably making a right ass of myself in the process), but it was Janine who seemed always to make a point to sit near me, and laughed at my (I realize now) stupid jokes. With one of two eligible females paying this much attention to me, my status with the rest of the guys went up, and pretty soon I was not only in with the crew, but also making camp-cut, and generally enjoying myself a hell of a lot more than I had been. My success around the campfire with Janine seemed to be reflected during the day when Rachel came around to check my work. To start, she was really hard on me, but her advice showed me what I had been doing wrong, and both my quality and speed started to improve, until I was starting to make some serious cash (and, this late in the season, hoped that I might actually be able to pay tuition in the Autumn!). As my skill improved, Rachel's visits to me during the day would be less and less about checking my work and more and more about taking a water break or stopping to eat a banana or orange with me. Then, on the last day we would be planting, she brought her camera out, and asked me to pose for her (I still have the picture). There was something different about her that day, and I told her so. There was a twinkle in her eye as she said, 'Really? I wonder what that might be...' and walked off to check the next planter's work.

That night at the campfire, I eventually found myself sitting between Rachel and Janine, as we passed around a bottle of scotch (these prairie hockey-players weren't all that bad after all). We were now finished planting on this contract, and headed back to town the next day after lunch, maybe finishing for the season at that point, unless another contract came along. I knew that I had to try something tonight with one of these ladies, or my opportunity might be gone for good. With Janine spending days usually hanging with a different part of the crew than I did (at least at lunch time — I think the foreman wanted to get with her, because he seemed to work really hard to make sure that we were never on adjoining work areas), and Rachel not generally staying up really late, I was used to being around one or the other of them at a time. Now, they were both wrapped in blankets sitting right next to me, and I didn't know what to do! (Oh to be young and naive again...)

Eventually—the bottle of scotch long finished—most of the guys drifted off to their tents, leaving just a few of us tending the embers before we turned in. It was at this point that both Janine and Rachel stood up and announced that they were headed for bed. Damn! I'd missed my chance to get one of them alone!

And then they asked me if I would walk them to their tent—they said that, because there had been a bear sighting that morning (it was a baby black bear — I know, because it was me who saw it, 12 feet in front of me as I stumbled out of my tent, boots half done up and pants still around my knees), they'd love it if I could walk with them. Not even stopping to think that this meant they didn't give a shit if I was mauled and dragged away to feed a brood of bear cubs somewhere in the woods, I, of course, instantly agreed, figuring that this might be the chance I had to get one of them alone (maybe they were staying together until we were away from the others so no one would talk?). They looked at each other, now both with that same twinkle in their eye that I had seen earlier with Rachel.

As soon as we left the perimeter of the firelight, Rachel slipped her hand into mine. Aha! it was Rachel that liked me! Excellent! I mean, Janine is great, and I'd love to suck on her... Wait a minute — that's Janine slipping her hand into mine, too. What the hell? And there we were, the three of us, walking hand in hand towards their tent in the dark. My cock was so hard, you could hang an anvil off of it.

The trail narrowed pretty soon, and Rachel went in front, still holding my hand. This caused my hand to rest on her butt, bouncing there as we walked. As amazing as this was to my 19-year-old virgin brain, I soon became aware of the fact the Janine, walking behind me and still holding my hand, was doing to same thing to my butt, except that, instead of surreptitiously enjoying the soft round curves of Rachel's ass with each bounce (as I was doing), Janine was actively caressing my ass, never losing contact with it.

When we arrived at their tent (which was always pitched slightly further away from the camp than everyone else's), Rachel turned around and embraced me, engaging in a deep, soulful kiss. Janine hugged me from behind, sliding her hands up my chest under my shirt, nuzzling my neck. I immediately cupped Rachel's ass and began kneading it, grinding my pelvis into her stomach, then reached behind me with one hand to do the same to Janine's slightly taller body.

We stood like that for minutes, occasionally trading partners for kissing — either me turning my head and kissing Janine or, much to my initial surprise (and excitement!), Janine and Rachel kissing each other while I fondled them both. While they were kissing, I worked up my courage and began to touch both pairs of delectable breasts, mashed together while they kissed. Janine's breasts were smaller than Rachel's, but perfectly formed cone-shapes, with hard nipples (I had drooled over those nipples for a month of planting, and, before that, from afar in chapel and the dining hall, and now, it looked like I would have the chance to drool on them...). Rachel's were soft and big. I would guess a C or D cup, and juicy. Once I began fondling their tits, the girls started to get even more into this shared three-way hug/fondle/grab-fest, and both pulled my head down to their heaving chests. I buried my face as deep as I could in their writhing embrace, and slipped my hands down to each of their asses, finally sliding my hand inside their pants and panties and feeling my first naked flesh.

There was so much pre-cum flowing from my rock-hard cock, you'd've thought I'd already cum in my shorts. One of the girls — I honestly couldn't tell who, reached down and tried to slip her hand inside the waistband of my shorts, but couldn't manage it because of the angle. It must have been Rachel, because a second later, she was on her knees, fumbling in the dark with the fly on my shorts, and, before I realized it, taking my freed cock in her hands and warm, wet mouth. At that exact moment, we all heard a crack and loud rustle in the woods, not too far off.

I'd like to say that I wasn't afraid, but, after my early morning bear run-in, the fright was enough to send me over the edge, and I came all over Rachel's face. Thankfully, she clamped her lips around the head of my cock, drinking down the second half of what had to be the biggest load I'd ever shot, but she was still a mess. Janine had covered my mouth with hers as I came, stifling my shout. We all stood up, me a little weak at the knees, Janine licking my cum off of Rachel's face, all of us listening in vain for further noises. We heard nothing, so, I got the tent door open and we fell inside into what I can only describe as a love nest. This tent was incredible!

My tent was a four-person tent that had a cot in it and nowhere to stand up. This thing was a palatial pleasure dome by comparison. They had two double blow-up mattresses, and several pillows scattered across them. There were two folding chairs and a complex hanging scheme for several battery-operated lights. I knew the girls packed heavier than most planters, but this was surprising. There were also several sex toys scattered on the tent floor and around the beds — a double-headed dildo (I may have been a virgin, but I mentioned the porn, right?), several vibrators, and what looked like restraints. These chicks were into some kinky shit, and I'd been making like a high-school choir-boy trying to see who I might get to make out with after the campfire... I knew immediately that they were in charge, and that this would be an unforgettable night.

After my first ever blowjob, my 19-year-old libido had my cock already hard again, with no further physical stimulation. My shorts were still down around my feet, so when Janine pushed me back onto the mattresses, I fell like a tree. She was on top of me in a flash, straddling my cock, pulling off her top and bra, and tearing at my shirt. We managed to struggle out of our top layers pretty quickly, and she lowered her tit to my mouth, which I obligingly began to suck, lick and generally do everything I had imagined for years. This position left her straddling my stomach, my cock against her still-clothed ass.

Rachel, not to be left out, stripped bare and began to suck on my cock again, wanking it with her left hand. Her free hand slipped down the front of Janine's pants, and, somehow, undid the button and fly. She then slipped her hand into Janine's panties (I could see this from my angle, nibbling and sucking on Janine's breasts), and, from the sharp intake of Janine's breath, must have slipped a finger into her pussy.

This seemed like a great idea, so I reached out to my left where Rachel was lying on her side and slipped my hand between her legs. She spread them to give me better access, and I was suddenly touching my first pussy. Rachel was shaved, I immediately noticed, and dripping wet with arousal. I began to rub all around — not really knowing what I was doing — but eventually finding a rhythm that Rachel seemed to like. I had a finger up her pussy, and was stroking her clit with my thumb. I couldn't believe how wet she was.

Even at 19, having just cum gave me a little more staying power, so the girls both ended up cumming before I did — Janine dropping down onto me, bucking her hips against Rachel's hand, pushing my cock back and out of Rachel's grip while I felt Rachel's pussy walls begin to contract on my hand. They both moaned out their orgasms, and then relaxed, Janine rolling off to my right, Rachel sliding up and snuggling on my left, my hand still in her slit, but still now.

We rested like this for a few minutes before Janine knelt up and began turning on their lights, then stood up and slid her pants and panties down around her ankles, before kicking them off to the corner of the tent. She was magnificent, standing there in the shadows and light playing across her young body. I can still see her standing there in my mind's eye, her hips cocked to one side, and looking down at Rachel and me with a look of unbridled passion on her face. She was beautiful.

It was even more beautiful when she carefully stepped over my legs and lowered herself onto my cock, standing proud and tumescent, dripping more pre-cum and twitching in anticipation. In a split second, I went from a virgin to a man, and felt the most wonderful slick, tight, warmth envelop my cock right down to its root. Rachel began kissing me and then sucking on my ear (something that, to this day, still makes me rock hard in an instant), and whispering dirty talk. As Janine began moving up and down on my penis, with me beginning to meet her strokes, Rachel picked up the pace of her talk:

'Do you like that, stud? Do you like her cunt on your hard cock? Do you like fucking her, sliding in and out of her sweet young pussy? You should know that we've been fighting over who got to fuck you this Summer. We came up with the plan while we had Norman here [she pointed to the double-headed dildo that I had noticed when we came into the tent] shoved up both of our pussies just after we joined you last month. We were fucking each other, and then she called out your name at the same time I did — it was that day that you helped us with our gear and pitching our tent [I remembered that day every night since, as I had whacked off thinking of them both!]. We looked at each other and knew that we couldn't fight over you, or we'd lose each other, so we made a deal — the first one to get you to make a move without saying anything about liking you would get to fuck you. When it came to the last night, we decided that the bet was off, and we would both fuck you. So you win.'

All I could do was moan in pleasure as Rachel's hot breath, interspersed with licks and sucks, whispered this plan into my ear. I couldn't believe it, but I sure was enjoying it. You heard all sorts of stories about sexual goings-on at our college, but I had never seen it. There were a number of girls sent home every year clearly pregnant, but there was such strict control over the student body, that it was completely amazing to me that these girls could be so experienced.

Janine, meanwhile, was adding grunted commentary to Rachel's story, 'Yeah, wanted to fuck you sooo bad, uh, yeah, fuck me harder, oh, fucking christ you're huge. You're stretching my pussy so much. That's it, virgin, fuck my cunt. Oh, you're bigger than Norman! SHIT! you make my pussy so wet, ever since I saw you praying in chapel and touched myself until I came right there in the pew. Oooohhhhh!' And with this, she began to cum again, with my cock buried deep inside her. Of course, this was more than enough to take me well over the edge, and I came, deep in her pussy, shouting, 'FFFUUUCCCKKKKK!', before Janine kissed me to muffle the noise.

After a minute or two (I was still seeing stars from the intensity of my orgasm), Janine sat up and rolled back, head toward my feet, my cock slipping out of her pussy with a loud plop. Rachel wasted no time in crawling on top of me, her pussy in my face, licking the las to fthe cum from my cock, then burying her tongue in Janine's cum-soaked pussy. She began to lick and slurp my cum from Janine's slit, and I realized that I could now do that one thing that I'd always dreamed of more than anything else, and eat Rachel out. I lifted my head and thrust my tongue into her dripping slit, and sucked out the sweetest honey — she tasted amazing. I'd heard that women taste like fish, but that wasn't the case with Rachel. I can still taste her if I think about it (and sometimes, while I'm eating my wife, I can remember that first time and it's like I'm doing it all again).

This, of course, caused my cock to react again — I'd been used to whacking off multiple times to porn magazines, sometimes up to five and six times in an evening, with another one or two in the morning, but this was something beyond any stimulation I'd even imagined. I was surprised that I'd managed to keep from cumming for so long while fucking Janine. But now my penis was hard again, slapping against Rachel's ample tits while she ate out her roommate. It was almost like she was titty-fucking me, and the sensation was tremendous, but I had no intention of cumming on her face again this time, so I began to slide my body backward between her legs, lifting her lower body up until she was straddling my lap from behind, never once letting up on Janine's pussy. From this position, I lifted her again and then dropped her down to the bed while I got on my knees, and then slipped my cock into her from behind. She was just as tight, warm and wet as Janine, but, apparently, had better muscle control, because from the first second I began thrusting into her, she started milking my cock with her cunt muscles. If this hadn't been my third load of the night, I would have cum instantly. As it was, I was finding it very difficult to establish a rhythm, because the sensation was so incredible.

Meanwhile, Rachel's ministrations to her girlfriend had their intended effect, and Janine came all over Rachel's head, holding her face tight to her twat and bucking uncontrollably, before shouting, 'Stop! Stop! That's too much....too much...oh god...so good...', ending by mumbling incoherently for a minute or so, then rolling off to the side and lying catatonic.

Rachel turned her head to me, and said 'She always gets like this after I eat her. She'll be back in a minute.' The light shone on her chin and lips, reflecting in the cum from Janine, 'Now fuck me good, stud. I want a load of your cum in my pussy for Janine to eat out. I promised her.' Despite the kinky, wild, unrestrained nature of everything that had already transpired, this somehow made me even hotter, and I began fucking her even faster. 'Yes! Yes! Like that. Fuck me hard. Stick a finger up my ass!' I didn't hesitate and started trying to force my index finger into her tight sphincter, but she stopped me before I could hurt her — 'No! you've got to lube it first. Stick it in my pussy. Make my asshole really wet. Spit on it.' I went to take my cock out of her pussy, eager to try this new thing that I had, again, only dreamed about and read of in porn magazines, but she stopped me again. 'I didn't say take your cock out of me! Put your finger inside with it.'
