 1.

Emily opened her eyes, squinting against the blazing sun and looked down at the clear blue ocean far below her poolside lounge chair. She could hear Latin music drifting faintly from the bar. The air was hot and the faint breeze that blew did little to cool her.

She had been daydreaming, lost in her thoughts.

It had taken them a long time to save enough to afford this vacation and, so far, it was worth every penny. She and her husband James had only been at the resort a few days, but they had had more sex in that short time than most couples did in a month. 

James sat under an umbrella drinking his Corona and reading a magazine. He glanced up, smiling, and a shiver ran through her.

The tropical sun was strong, and a bead of sweat trickled down between her breasts, yet her nipples stiffened. There was also a familiar tingle between her legs.

He would always smile that same slightly crooked smile while looking up from between her legs. The thought of it was making her wet, very wet in fact.

Absentmindedly her hand slid down across her stomach and under the brightly coloured fabric of her bikini bottom. 

They stared at each other oblivious to anything around them. While not alone, they more or less had the whole pool deck to themselves this time of day.

Emily's hand moved farther down, beyond the neatly trimmed strip of hair. Brushing over her clit, her middle finger pressed between the smooth lips and into her cunt. She was so wet her finger slid in easily and she pushed as far as she could, feeling it inside her, wishing it was his cock. She moaned slightly as she wiggled it back and forth.

James continued to watch, their eyes locked in a stare as Emily pulled her hand out of her bathing suit. Her finger glistened in the sunlight as she held it up for him to see. Making sure he was still watching she raised her hand to her lips, paused for a second then sucked her finger clean, tasting herself. 

'Not too bad' she thought. Now she understood why her husband had his tongue in her every chance he could.

James put his magazine down and finishing what was left of his beer in one gulp, stood up extending his hand to his wife.

Emily took his hand and swung her legs off the lounger, standing up as he led her away from the pool towards their room. 

As they rounded the corner into the first floor hallway he spun around pressing her against the wall. 

James kissed her, gently at first, then more vigorously, his tongue in her mouth.

He cupped her left breast and pinched her nipple, rolling it between his thumb and finger.

Emily gasped and reached down to feel the hardness in his shorts, squeezing his cock.

The sound of a door opening and someone coming down the hall interrupted them and they hurried off to their room.

2.

Mya was swimming, more floating around actually, enjoying the cool water when she noticed the couple sitting near the low wall in the corner. They were looking right each other and didn't notice her. 

She watched with amazement as the woman fingered herself and was surprised at how aroused she got.

She had never thought of herself as a voyeur but she couldn't turn her eyes away. For a number of reasons it had been a long time since she'd had sex - and seeing this stirred something in her. 

She watched the couple leave and in a low voice said, "Somebody's getting laid."

Smiling at the thought she got out of the pool, dried off and headed for the bar.

Mya was here to relax, party a bit and generally get away from her old life. She had broken up with Brad - who had never really treated her properly - six months ago.

She had let herself go while living with that idiot and after the breakup she had started running again. Once a top athlete, it felt good to be back in shape. She ran every morning, she ate right, and it showed.

Mya looked great - taller than average with smooth dark skin, long hair, smallish but firm breasts and long legs - but what she liked most was her ass. It was perfect in her opinion, a nice little 'bubble butt.'

She sat at the bar sipping her third piña colada - this was a vacation after all - thinking how great her life was now. Only one thing was missing she thought, 'I need a good fuck.'

With these thoughts in her head she didn't notice someone sit down at the stool next to her.

She distantly heard someone talking and snapping back to the present only caught, "Looks good."

"Excuse me?" she said.

"I asked what you're drinking, it looks good."

Mya turned toward the voice. 

"It's a piña col..." she pausing for a second, then finished "colada."

It was the woman she had watched masturbate an hour ago only a few yards from where they sat. 

This woman was Mya's complete opposite.

She was only about five feet tall. Her skin was light, almost pale and she wore her blonde hair short. 

She was what people would call cute, with a body like a gymnast except for one thing.

'I've never seen tits like that on any gymnast!' thought Emily.

She was wearing a different bikini, this one a light blue - her other one most likely crumpled on the floor in her room - that only just covered her large breasts. A matching sarong was around her waist. A large hat and sunglasses completed the outfit.

"I think I'll have one of those," the woman said, and ordered her drink.

When the bartender brought it over she took a long sip. "Ohh that's good..... my name is Emily by the way."

3. 

The two women had been talking for about half an hour when James walked up and kissed his wife on the mouth.

The kiss lasted a bit long for a 'hello', and Mya felt a little uncomfortable yet envious at the same time.

"Mya, this is my husband James. James....Mya."

He was rather tall, well over six feet, solidly built but not overly muscular. He had dark wavy hair and his skin was tanned.

They shook hands and Mya felt his firm grip. She imagined for a second how easily he must be able to lift his petite wife, and what they could get up to. 

She shook that thought from her head, sure she was blushing. Thankfully her dark skin wouldn't show it too much. 

"Nice to meet you," she said.

They talked for a few minutes, then the couple excused themselves. They were going into town to do some shopping and sightseeing. 

They said their goodbyes and as they went their separate ways Emily stopped, turned around and said, "Mya?"

"Yes?"

"Would you like to join us tonight for dinner?" she asked.

Mya didn't have an plans for later and thought 'why not.'

"I'd love to, what time?"

"About seven? There's a nice little Italian restaurant - Santori's - just down the street.

"OK, I'll see you then," she said.

Mya took the elevator to the eighth floor. Her room was pleasantly cool went she entered, giving her goosebumps all over. It felt good.

Kicking off her sandals at the door she walked across the room picking up her book from the nightstand and sat on the bed.

She opened the book and tried to read but she was distracted. She kept picturing James and Emily having sex. She tried to push the image from her mind, but it was no use.

Maybe a cold shower would help.

Mya went into the bathroom and stripping off her bathing suit she turned on the water and stepped onto the tub.

The water was refreshing. She stood there for a few minutes enjoying the feeling then picked up the soap from the little dish in the corner.

Lathering the soap she scrubbed her upper body first. Working her way down she did her ass and pussy, thankful she had gotten her pubic hair lasered so it was always smooth.

She caught herself spending quite a while with her soapy hand between her legs. This wasn't helping and shaking her head she moved on.

Mya felt much better after her shower. She dried off and walked naked to the dresser, picking out a pair of light blue cotton panties and a white tank top. 

After dressing she grabbed a bottle of water and sat down to read again.

Twenty minutes later the reading wasn't going too well. She swore she had read the same page ten times. No matter what she did she kept thinking of James and Emily fucking.

She was much too horny to continue reading. There was only one thing to do. 

Mya got up and went into the bathroom. When she returned she had her 'little friend.'

Although she had several different vibrators, this little blue marvel was her favourite. She never went anywhere without it.

After more than a year without a sexual partner she was very skilled at self-pleasure. 

Mya could get herself to cum in less than a minute if she wanted, or she could make it last for ages. She would go right to the edge, then back off, until she finally let herself orgasm.

This was going to be one of those days.

Twisting the vibrator to 'ON' she held it for minute - tickling her fingers - before she lowered it to her pussy. She pressed down feeling the vibrations through her panties.

There was no sense taking them off, thinking of James already had them wet.

Mya moved it slowly up and down, pausing once in a while on her clit.

Her right hand moved up under her top to pinch her nipples. She loved this, though she had to be careful. Her nipples were sensitive and if she was too rough she'd cum right away.

Wanting this to last, she stopped that and concentrated on her pussy. 

Grabbing the front of her panties she pulled up, wedging the soft material between her lips. She caught her breath at the feeling, pressing the vibrator harder against her clit.

She raised her hips and her hand started to move in quick circles.

This wasn't going to be one of those days after all.

Mya could feel the orgasm building deep inside her. Her hand moved faster until it was almost a blur.

'So close, so close,' she thought, 'just a little more.'

When it came, her orgasm hit her like a train. She thrashed and jerked on the bed letting it wash through her. 

After she finally caught her breath she switched her 'friend' off. Kissing the tip of the vibrator she said "Thanks, I needed that."

Contented for now, she stretched out, closed her eyes and slept, dreaming of her new friends.

4.

Mya woke up and looked at the clock. 6:40 PM. 

"Shit," she swore. 

She had been sleeping longer than she intended. No time for another shower. There was only time to quickly do her hair and makeup, and get dressed if she didn't want to be late. 

Now came the easy part. Going to the closet, she picked out a dress, her favourite dress. It was a beautiful green and the material was light, perfect on a warm night. The hem was just the right length to show off her long legs. 

Pulling off her tank top she slid into the dress. 

Going to the drawer for panties she stopped. She looked at her reflection in the long mirror and with a wicked smile, kept the ones she had masturbated in.

Grabbing her shoes she was out the door.

Emily and James were waiting for her when she arrived. They hadn't been seated long and were just ordering drinks.

James stood and held Mya's chair; he was quite the gentleman.

They ordered some wine and chatted about their afternoon. Emily and James had been on a guided tour of some ancient ruins or something.

When Emily asked Mya what she had been up to she replied, "Not much."

This time she was sure they could see her blush.

The meal and conversation were both fantastic.

Mya was amazed how well they got along. She had only met these people a few hours ago and they seemed like old friends.

Leaving the restaurant, Emily suggested a nighttime swim. Mya wasn't tired and wanted to spend more time with them so she said she would grab her suit and meet them at the pool.

When she left James said, "We aren't going for bathing suits are we?"

"Of course we aren't, but I didn't want to scare her off," replied Emily with a wink.

She hadn't been long changing. 

It was dark around the pool; only one lamp lit the area.

Mya could see James sitting on the edge with his feet in the water. She didn't she Emily and was about to call out when she saw her pop up from under the water.

Looking closer, she noticed James was naked. They were skinny dipping. She felt foolish being the only one with a suit. Should she stay? Go?

Before Mya could decide what to do, Emily swam up to James, reached up and started stroking his cock.

Again she was the voyeur. Not wanting to interrupt, and to avoid an awkward situation she moved back out of sight.

'This is wrong,' she thought, but she remained there to watch. Besides, they were expecting her soon and shouldn't be long.

Emily was now sucking James's cock in and out of her mouth. He was leaning back enjoying every minute of it, his hand resting on her head.

Mya watched, mesmerized. She wished she had her 'friend', but would have to make do with what she had.

As Emily worked his cock, James whispered," Do you think she's still watching?"

Emily responded, "hmmm huuh."

That afternoon while they were out, Emily had told James about her conversation with Mya.

She told him about her asshole ex-boyfriend and that she hadn't had sex in a year.

They had decided they would help her do something about that.

Mya watched from the bushes - feeling a bit silly doing so - as Emily sucked her husband's cock by the edge of the pool.

This had been going on for five minutes now and Mya was sure it would be over soon and she could make her entrance.

But Emily kept sucking and she thought she heard James moan at one point.

Mya had been gently rubbing herself but couldn't take it any longer. She pulled her bathing suit aside and shoved two fingers into her cunt. In and out she fucked her pussy as she watched, her wet fingers making a slapping sound.

It looked like James wouldn't hold out much longer the way Emily was going. She was right. A few seconds later she heard James grunt, his body going rigid as he came in Emily's mouth. Mya was not far behind him, her cunt squeezing her fingers with the climax.

Emily still had her mouth on his cock, swallowing all his cum, hot and creamy, flowing down her throat.

James slid into the pool and Mya gave herself a couple minutes to cool off before she made her entrance, waving hello, her hand sticky.

They had a nice swim.

Mya was relieved that neither Emily nor James had any idea she had been spying from the bushes, masturbating.

That was exactly what they wanted her to think.

5.

James apologized for them being naked saying it was a spur of the moment thing to skinny dip.

"I don't mind," said Mya. "I'll grab us some towels."

She found clean towels in a stack ready for tomorrow's guests near the bar. Handing them out, she dried off.

Mya averted her eyes as James climbed out, but not before catching a glimpse of his cock. It wasn't record breaking, but he had nothing to complain about.

Once they were all dry and in their towels, Emily hooked her arm through Mya's insisting she have a drink with them.

"James, don't forget our clothes," she called over her shoulder as she dragged Mya off.

The room they had was much the same as Mya's. 

James set about making drinks while Emily put on some music.

Mya could see out past the balcony that the view was nicer than hers. She went outside to get a better look. It was breezy here too. 

Her towel was wet from her bathing suit and she felt a chill. She asked for a dry one, and James grabbed her one from the bathroom.

It was dark on the balcony, no one could see her so she wrapped the towel around her, reached under and pulled off her wet bikini, hanging it on the railing.

Emily came out and handed her a drink. 

"Cheers," they both said.

Mya hadn't noticed but the towel James had given her was smaller than the ones from the pool. As she bent over slightly to lean on the rail he got a nice view of her bare ass. 

Wondering why he hadn't joined them, Emily gave James a questioning look. When she saw what had his attention she stepped back to see for herself.

Mya did indeed have a fantastic ass. 

Emily winked at James, then pointed off toward the ocean telling Mya that was where their tour had been. Try as she might, she couldn't see it, even when Emily had her on tiptoes, leaning over the railing.

Her towel rode up as a result, giving James a perfect view of her ass and just a peek of pussy.

Emily let her husband have a few minutes ogling before calling off the search.

"Oh well, it doesn't matter," said Emily.

As she said this she took another long look at that perfect ass.

"Wow Mya, you have an amazing ass."

Mya spun around stammering, trying to explain, trying to figure out how her ass was showing.

"I'm sorry sweetie," she said, smiling. "I just couldn't resist looking." 

Putting her hand on Mya's arm she turned toward her husband.

"I'm sure James likes what he saw too."

Momentarily lost for words Mya stood there trying to understand what was happening.

As James got up she could see a bulge under his towel, his approval quite apparent.

He joined them on the balcony wrapping his arms around his wife. She turned around and they kissed passionately as though Mya weren't there. Then they both turned to her.

"I told James all about our talk earlier, I hope you aren't upset." she said, looking at her apologetically.

"We discussed it while we were out and want to help with your problem."

Emily made air quotes when she said problem.

"And by problem," she did it again, "I mean you need to get fucked."

Mya was still a bit stunned by all this when James stepped up to her, took her face in his hands and kissed her the same way he had Emily. She seemed to melt inside. This wasn't a kiss; this was a KISS.

Their lips parted and she looked first at James and then at Emily, who smiled back at her.

'Is this really happening?' She thought, 'can I do this?'

An instant later, she had decided, turning back to James she kissed him again, her arms around him.

Then she felt lips on her neck, and someone had their hand on her ass, squeezing. 

It was Emily.......and Mya liked it.

6.

Mya's brain was on overload. The sensations she felt were more than it could process. This felt too good to think about so she relaxed and let her body take over.

At some point she lost her towel - she didn't know when - and could feel the warmth of Emily's body against her back.

Hands moved over her skin - caressing, squeezing, teasing.

James was licking her left nipple, then he sucked it into his mouth twirling his tongue around.

She let out a soft moan.

He kissed her again, and went inside.

Mya turned to face Emily. She hugged her, kissing her softly on the lips.

"Thank you." she said.

Emily smiled, "We're just getting started," and grabbed her ass with both hands.

Inside, James still wore the towel around his waist, the bulge evident. Emily walked over and removed it, tossing it aside.

She put her fingers around his hard cock, slowly stroking up and down. 

Then she knelt and put it in her mouth covering it with her saliva and stroked some more. 

Mya was watching Emily, but then she looked up, James was watching her. Something about his eyes drew her in and she joined his wife.

Hesitating at first she reached for his cock, touching Emily's hand as she did. Together they stroked him.

Mya ran her tongue from his balls to the tip, kissing it. Her lips parted and she took his cock into her mouth, sucking hungrily.

She and Emily took turns licking and sucking, then together at the same time. 

Their lips met while they both sucked the head of his cock and they kissed, tongues probing and twirling.

James loved this but he wanted more. He told Mya to lie on the bed.

He leaned over her and kissed her stomach, working his way down slowly. One kiss after another. Across her smooth mound - teasing. 
