 Alice and Jake had been in several classes together. He was the type of guy who went out a lot. There was something about him that made girls give in. Alice had tried to win his attention for the entire fall semester, to no avail. He had told her that he really liked her, but he never pursued her. It was infuriating. She had even taken the initiative. They had run into each other at a rave party, and she took him home. Once safely inside she had undone his pants and pushed him down on the couch. 

Alice knelt in front of him, while she squeezed and pulled on his cock, and listened in disbelief while he smiled smugly and stated, "You don't wanna do that."

"Like, hell..." she thought and asked, "Why?"

His wolfish grin spread, "You know Jennifer Klipsch, right?" 

Then not waiting for a response and pushing his cock closer to Alice's face, "She was feeling naughty tonight... and I felt compelled to help her out." 

Jennifer was pretty, and although a little bit of a lush, and she had a serious boyfriend. As she leaned forward delicately resting her lips against his semi erect cock, she challenged, "Jenny has a boyfriend. They've been dating for years, whadja do?"

Jake felt his swelling cock parting Alice's lips as he wondered aloud, "Yeah, wild Bill, he held the dead man's hand tonight, although I doubt he was playing with a full deck." 

His cock was slowly disappearing, and Alice's tongue was polishing his head in a way that pulled his hips forward and off the couch. "Jenny looked good tonight. Bill was giving everyone a show. He pulled her top up completely exposing her tits. Then, as he danced behind her, she was holding her top down with both arms across her belly, he lifted up the front of her skirt, pinning her arms, while he yanked her panties to the side and began stroking her with his free hand. Although it was dark, I could see everything." 

Jake felt Alice's breath as she looked coolly across the drop of precum growing on his tip. "That feels really good, although you may want to stop," Jake added as he pulled Alice's head forward and felt the warmth envelope him again. 

"I was really amazed when Jenny spread her legs, arched her back craning her neck to make out. It was unbelievable. She freed her pinned arms pulling him close into her. She was hanging there, with her arms up, kinda encircling the back of his neck and his hands were everywhere. Bill went off to the bathroom and I walked up behind Jenny. I couldn't help myself and I instinctively ran my hand up underneath her skirt, playing around with her ass and her thong. She must have thought I was Bill because I expected to be rebuffed, but she opened her legs again and leaned forward across a table. There were probably four guys watching this and I yanked her panties down to her knees and began spreading her juice all over her naked bottom. This happened in about a second. When she turned to look back, the look of surprise quickly turned to anger; but here I am with my thumb smearing her juice all over her asshole, two fingers up her cunt and one finger pushing the hood of her clit up. She knows me, ya know?" 

Jake knew the effect he was having on Alice. She was totally absorbed in her worship as she stuffed as much of his cock into her throat as she could. 

"I knew my time was short and although I hate to leave someone in the breach like that, I really didn't expect anything more. I bailed just in time. Bill came up to her as she was turning around. Jenny was watching me as he kissed her then dropped to his knees and slid her panties the rest of the way off. He leaned in to stick his head up her skirt and she pulled him up. She whispered something and pushed him so he was sitting on the table. Like a little slut she undid his pants and fished out his hardening cock, only about five feet from the dance floor. He lay back on the table and she shimmied right up, straddling him. My view was blocked for a few moments, but the next time I saw her look in my direction her hips were rocking forward and her glare was more of an invitation than a warning."

Alice looked over the purple head slick with saliva and pre cum with a devilish smirk. 

"That's pretty hot! So Jenny and Bill were fucking on a table at the rave and you got to feel her up, huh?" 

"That's most of it." Jake felt Alice's wet mouth tug on one of his balls. "The best part is still to come. Bill passed out while he was still inside her."

Alice laughed and her lower teeth grazed Jake's skin. "No way! How would you even know?"

Jake's hips twitched pushing his cock against the side of Alice's face. "I told you her look was kind of like an invitation. So I came up behind her and began feeling her ass and then I was reaching around and stroking her clit too. Bill didn't say anything and he wasn't really moving. I began grabbing her tits and playing with her clit as Bill lay there. I was so turned on that I started using her cum to lube up her ass, and when I would touch her there, she would just grunt. In a second, I had my cock out and I was pushing on her back door. She was lifting up so I could collect cum off of Bill and her then spread it on me. I bit down on the back of her neck causing her to lean forward getting a better angle and then pulled her back which drew me in deeper. I could feel Bill insider her and I reached around to play with her clit and titties. She kissed me so hot I came in her ass. She was begging me to pound her but I pulled out and someone else quickly took my place. Right before I met you, I saw another guy fucking her ass as she blew another man in front of her."

Alice was simultaneously repulsed and turned on by the account of what had happened to her friend. Jake pushed up and pulled her head forward and she complied opening her mouth feeling his cock push deep into her throat and begin to swell as he groaned and spurted for the second time that evening.

"See Alice, I wasn't sure if you would like cleaning off a cock that had been up Jenny's ass, but you're not such a nice girl, are you?" hissed Jake

Alice felt used as his cum escaped the corners of her mouth. 

Jake laughed mercilessly claiming that he tried to warn her, adding, "Maybe you'd like lickin Jenny's ass after I hose her and cleaning both of us with that pouty little mouth of yours." 

Pushing her back he pulled up his pants and asked, "Is your pledge sister Julia Idler?" 

In a cloud of confusion, Alice answered, "Yeah, why?" 

"She's a freaky chic." Jake replied, "She told me that after the club closed down she wanted to 'party' at my place." 

I told her that my roommates would be home and she said, "Those boys are so nice; they wouldn't say anything that would hurt me if I gave them the proper incentive." 

"I think we're all going to fuck her. You could come too, I bet she'd be easier to persuade if her big sis was getting it on both ends when she walked through the door." 

Alice looked on in stunned silence; dirty talk always affected her, but this was more. 

Jake added, "Hey, you could put on a little girl girl show like an appetizer, then we could all fuck and you could clean up everyone, you know feed your dirty little fetish."

With all of her might, Alice said, "No thanks," despite her urges.

Jake laughed, stood up, got himself together, and walked out her door leaving her wanting more as she pushed the last drop over her lip and into her mouth.

That was the last time she'd seen Jake. Her ambivalence had never been so polarized. On one hand he was hot and forbidden, but on the other, he was manipulative and mean. Although she knew he hadn't been lying, Alice had corroborating stories from both girls. She had also picked up another interesting factoid about Jake. He liked to initiate group things, but he had a thing about always being first

Alice liked spending time in her own place and had gone back to college to party for new years rather than be at her parents. Most of her friends were scheduled back then, too.

On New Year's Eve it rained in the morning; freezing and then snowed all day. No one was in town. At about 5pm the phone rang and Jake asked her what she was doing that night. Alice smiled to herself, wondering how he knew she was in town and told him she'd call him back. The restaurant down the street was very nice, but the weather may have it closed. Luck was with her and she made reservations for 8pm then she called Jake and told him to meet her at 9pm. 

She spent the next hours pampering herself in a bath and getting ready for the evening. As she dressed she glanced at herself in the mirror, her evening gown from the winter formal was sexy, but not the look she wanted. She put her hair up with wisps falling down then pulled off her dress. She looked at herself in the full length mirror sheer black thigh high stockings a matching pair of panties, a sexy black bra and a sheer black camisole. 

At her dresser, she found a gauzy white micro thong that had been given to her as a prank. Slipping out of her panties she slid the stringy material up her legs. The panel in front barely covered her and she pulled it off and meticulously shaved the rest of her pubic hair off. The thong on her smooth skin made her feel sexy. She pulled the camisole off and removed her bra. She put on a transparent slip and looked at herself in the mirror. It was the right result. She looked at the clock and saw that it was a little after 7pm. In her closet was a long mink coat she had received from her grandmother. She took out the long leather gloves and slid them up her arms, and then she pulled the coat on buttoning each of the four front buttons. Out the door she went leaving the key under her mat.

Walking the three blocks to the restaurant was eerie. No one was out. The hostess smiled at her when she came in. The nicer restaurants always had attractive employees. She asked, "Are you Alice." 

Alice suddenly felt naked even though her coat covered her body entirely. She wondered how she could have possibly managed to get out of her house let alone into a restaurant dressed as she was. 

"Yes," She replied reflecting the hostess's cheerful smile. 

"You're the only person who has not cancelled on us tonight, is there anywhere you would like to sit?" 

Alice thought for a moment, "May I have one of the big booths that opens out towards your front window?" 

The hostess smiled nodding and added, "Follow me." 

Alice unbuttoned her coat as she entered the big well lit room. 

Turning from laying the menus on the table the hostess asked, "May I take your coat?" Alice allowed her to slide it off her shoulders and removed her gloves. Turning abruptly, the hostess's eyebrows raised but her enigmatic smile remained, while her eyes roamed Alice's evening wear. With a twinkle in her eye, a slight tilt in her head, the hostess turned on her heals, "It's a pity there won't be many to see you."

Alice felt a rush as she sat down looking across the room at the fireplace then out the window at the falling snow. Her waiter arrived immediately. She ordered a glass of wine without making eye contact. When he returned she touched his hand while he was setting the glass on the table. 

"Your hands are so warm," she murmured, "my toes are freezing from the cold, would you mind rubbing them?" 

She took a sip of wine trying to mask the adrenaline coursing through her veins. With calculating precision she slid her feet out of her high heels, turning and sliding to the edge of the booth. The back of her thighs now came in contact with the heavy leather upholstery and her thong bit tightly against her vagina. Still refusing eye contact, she twitched her hips on the seat with the pleasure of the tightening fabric slipping in between her labia and resting firmly against her clit. Alice glanced down at herself as she pulled one foot up rubbing it between her hands. 

"Of course if you have something else that needs to be done, I understand," she breathed while pulling her foot chest level. 

Out of the corner of her eye she caught movement by the entrance, momentarily, scared by the unknown; she turned her attention to the hostess, but was brought back by warm hands gently pulling her foot up causing her to lie back on the bench. 

"Mmmm, that feels sooo, good," Alice crooned. 

She spread her legs further apart enjoying the minute movement of the elastic. Her foot dropped. She surmised he must be on his knees. She edged forward finally feeling his hot breath on her parted thighs. 

"Uhhhoo, that feels so good, move a little higher." 

His hands moved up to her calf then they were stroking her thighs. Alice relaxed; content in waiting for the inevitable. His breath was hot on her partially exposed pussy. 

She opened her eyes watching him focus on her pussy. The contrast of their skin excited her, then his tongue fighting against the tight material overwhelmed her and she closed her eyes luxuriating in this seduction. Alice pulled her knees up to her chest giving him unsurpassed access. His fingers spread her farther apart, and then moved the saturated fabric. Alice felt emboldened wondering what he would do for her. 

With sculpted French nails she pointed and added, "I want to feel your tongue here." 

With immediate results, unfamiliar wetness and warmth dabbed and stroked her where she had commanded. In a reverie of bliss, his tongue stabbed inside her while she relaxed, twisting out it moved dipping between her pliant lips then farther up to flick across her swollen clit. She could hear his belt buckle clinking then his zipper as he alternated his lingual arts judiciously. 

Her surprise was evident as he rose to bring his uncircumcised cock up to plumb the depths of her passion. The enormous head peeked out of the foreskin slick with precum. She held her legs against her chest mesmerized by his seeping tool, spreading their juices all over her pussy and pubic mound. She watched as he bent the tip of his cock down pushing her lips apart and pushed partially in. As her eyes closed, she looked past him to the falling snow outside the window and thought about all the people who usually go past at this time to restaurants, movies and bars. 

Knowing her time was short, she breathed, "I want you to cum inside me. I'll do anything to turn you on, but when your cock jerks and you shoot your jizz, I want it deep inside me." 

This helped instantly; he held her ankles high and built his pace. "Ooooo, you feel so good stretching my little pussy," Alice added, "My cunt is so full! Fuck me! Put it in me as far as you can!" 

The waiter lunged forward collapsing on Alice jerking his hips as she wrapped her legs around him. "Mmmm, I can feel your cum in me," she hissed into his ear, "I want to taste that big black cock of yours." She held him wrapped in her legs as he softened and slipped out along with their mixed fluids. 

The waiter climbed off and Alice reached down, collecting the slippery mess on her fingertips and licking it off looking alternately at her waiter and the kitchen staff who had come out. She felt warm and enjoyed the guys' gaze. As they watched she stripped off her slip while leaving her legs spread for their pleasure. With the skimpy thong pulled to the side, Alice moved onto the floor pulling her waiter around so he was sitting at the edge of the booth. 

Kneeling in front of him with her legs spread as far apart as possible and her back arched, she greedily engulfed his slick cock to its base. As she washed their mingled juices off his shaft and balls, she reached behind her, splaying her pussy with her fingers for her audience. She slurped and moaned as she stuffed her face with his hardening cock. She glanced at the hostess as she held his cock up sucking both of his balls into her mouth. Keeping eye contact with the other woman, Alice tongued the underside of his shaft, pulling down the foreskin licking quickly side to side at the slit on the tip of his dick before forcing his semi erect dick down her throat again. With her other hand, she furiously fucked three fingers in and out, collecting the wetness on her fingertips again. 

As she turned around for the kitchen crew, his cock popped out of her mouth as her eyes opened and she smeared cum over her pink asshole. Moaning, she begged, "Won't one of you nice gentleman stick your hard cock here?" as two fingers disappeared past the second knuckle. "I need a thick hot cock in my ass. Who wants to get up in me, here?" she hissed as she pulled her fingers all of the way out and slid them back in. "I'm so tight, Oooo, yeah, I want a big hard cock splitting me in two and cumming so hard it makes me... Ohhhh!" 

She dropped her other hand to fill her vacant cunt with fingers and slurping down on her waiter's cock with imploring eyes beckoning. A teenage looking Mexican with gold teeth, a hairnet and tattooed hands sauntered over dropping his pants before he knelt behind her. Alice sucked hard on the dick in her mouth, and then leaned forward as she spread more cum over her puckered asshole. She waited breathless as he rested his hands on her hips and rubbed his head up and down her crack and over her pussy. 

She felt his head pushing on her back door and tried to relax. A little more pressure and Alice had to take the cock out of her mouth to breathe. Suddenly there was nothing, she looked back and saw him lowering his head She raised her ass up higher and felt his breath over her cum smeared skin. He spread her cheeks with his hands and then his tongue darted across her asshole and down to her already fucked cunt. Wild thoughts coursed through her mind as his lingual ministrations danced back and forth from her pussy to her asshole. She sucked her waiters cock with fury now as the Mexican's tongue massaged her below causing her to relax. The thought of him licking her cum filled cunt was her fantasy and she relished the experience. His fingers were exploring wherever his tongue wasn't and Alice couldn't believe the thrill. 

Despite the exhilaration, when he stopped, she froze, and then she felt the Mexican's head pushing into her. Alice breathed in deeply and let it out slowly, she swallowed her waiter's cock forcing it farther down her throat, closing her eyes. Then he was in, Alice's eyes popped open to see the hostess watching her with a peculiar smile. Alice's nostrils flared as the Mexican pulled back and pushed in deep. Her waiter's dick twitched in her throat and he came telling her what a dirty little whore she was. She felt the Mexican draped over her with his cock pounding in and out making her ass burn with friction, while he rubbed and fingered her pussy and pinched her nipples. 

She began to choke on the cock in her mouth, but he held her pinned to his crotch. Tears welled up in her eyes as she fought to swallow the load in her throat and relax to enjoy her assfucking. Then the thought hit her, "I'm fucking two cocks at once." A wicked smile spread around the cock in her mouth and she pumped sucking him dry. 

Then looked up to the hostess, "What time is it?" 

With a perplexed expression, the hostess said it was ten til nine. Interspersed with gasps for air, Alice said, "You've got to get me and my stuff into the kitchen." 

The cock in her ass now felt good. She leaned back kissing his ear explaining that he had to get her into the kitchen. To her surprise, he rocked back and was helped to his feet by the other guys from the kitchen. His cock went deeper inside her ass while four fingers pushed harder into her slit. 

She felt completely filled and kissed his ears while saying, "I want you to cum hard up my ass." 

As they were coming into the kitchen, Alice told the hostess not to mention anything to Jake when he showed up, but to give them the booth that she was sitting at. 

The Mexican began bouncing Alice up and down with her thighs pinned next to her chest. It was not as comfortable as it had been, but he was getting close. She clinched and felt him surge back into her, burying his cock deeply, unloading his balls. He slipped out as he nearly collapsed from exhaustion. 
