 Nell looked out the window, wondering how work was coming on the tree. Jeff, husband to one of Nell's friends, was always good about coming over to help her with man-type projects around the house. This time, he brought his friend, Gary, to trim a large tree. Nell sighed with satisfaction that the work was almost done.

She went to the bedroom and selected a perfect black peek-a-boo bra. It covered her ample breasts just barely, with slits that her erect nipples poked through. Over the top she put on a short t-shirt, that came just barely below her breasts. A full skirt and some sandals with three-inch spike heals, and she was ready.

Nell stood at the top of the stairs as Jeff and Gary came into the house. They brushed the saw dust off and headed up stairs.

"Thanks a bunch, you guys. I really appreciate the help," Nell said, as she turned toward the kitchen. Her beautiful ass peaked out under the skirt, and Jeff and Gary watched her as she moved.

"Have a seat. I'll grab you both a beer," Nell said, eager to make them comfortable. As she came back to the living room, she saw them on the couch, looking hungrily at her.

"I hope they're nice and cold," Nell said, leaning over and setting the beers on the table, giving the guys a nice look at her plump hard nipples. "You two have been so nice to me." 

"Always happy to lend a hand, Nell," Jeff said. Gary, eyes still fixed on Nell's huge tits, didn't say anything at all, but he moved his tongue over his lips quite slowly.

"Why don't you show us what you got under that shirt, darlin," Jeff suggested. Nell stood in front of them and slowly lifted her t-shirt, exposing two gorgeous mounds, firm, with nipples still poking insistently through the fabric of her bra. She felt a little tremor of excitement as Gary sucked in a deep breath and patted the couch between them.

Nell walked over and sat down. Immediately, Gary's hand went to one breast and Jeff's to the other. They quickly pushed the bra out of the way. Nell's hard nipples burned into their palms as they began to massage her breasts.

Jeff was gentle, just moving his hand lightly over her nipple, letting his fingers play with it a little, keeping quiet. Gary was more forceful, pulling on her nipple, kneading her breast. He rolled Nell's reddening nipple between his thumb and finger. "That's right...you love having two guys play with your tits, don't you?" Gary asked, but without expecting an answer.

Nell moaned softely and muttered, "I love it when you pull on my nipples. It feels so hot." She wiggled her hips a little and continued, "I feel my pussy getting wet already."

"Well, you're gonna get all you want and more out of us," Gary promised. In response, Nell looked him right in the eye and moved her hand to the front of his athletic shorts. She found his cock already hard, and reached right in and pulled it out.

"Is this good?" Nell asked. "Can I play with your nice hard cock a little?" Her hand started to stroke up and down slowly. 

Jeff had her tit in his mouth now, sucking hard, taking the nipple in his teeth. Nell moaned, kept her little hand busy on Gary, and spread her legs wide. Jeff moved up under her skirt and his finger found a hot, wet pussy. He shoved his middle finger in, and Nell started to move against him a bit.

Gary pushed her hand away. "I hope your hot mouth is ready, you horny slut." He knelt on the couch and Nell eagerly opened her mouth. For a moment, Gary held the tip of his cock just out of her mouth, and Nell leaned forward and licked it. Then, he grabbed the back of her head and started moving his cock in and out of her mouth, not far at first, just in and out. Nell sucked it, gentle, then hard. "Oh, you like that, don't you?" Gary asked. "Love getting your mouth fucked and your pussy fingered." 

Jeff said, "Time to get that tight little pussy fucked." He stood up, quickly removed his shorts, and lifted Nell to her knees between them. Nell was sucking hard on Gary now, her head bobbing up and down, struggling to take as much of him as she possibly could.

Gary kept up a steady stream of encouragement. "That's right, baby, swallow it," he urged. "Take it all. Fuck, that feels good," he went on, breathing harder. "Come on, baby, just a little more," as he pushed his cock further into her mouth. 

Jeff was right behind her now, guiding his cock toward her pussy, and with one great shove he entered her. All Nell could do was moan and grind, pushing herself back toward Jeff with gusto, wanting to feel his cock all the way deep inside. Jeff thrusted with gusto, and again Gary was the encouraging one. "Oh, that's right, man. Fuck her pussy. Fuck her hard. This little slut loves taking a pounding." 

Nell's full breasts jiggled fiercely from the motion of one hard cock hammering her pussy and another fucking her pretty mouth. 

Jeff slapped her ass as he fucked her from behind, just light at first. Nell moaned deep in her throat, the pleasure almost too much. He slapped her ass a few more times, hard and stinging, and she came again and again. With one last strong thrust, Gary let out a yell and shot his load down her throat.

"Drink it baby, every drop, oh that's a good girl, a real good girl." He held the back of her head for a minute, his cock still throbbing in her mouth, half-way down her throat. Then, he slowly pulled out of her mouth, and she looked up at him with a wicked grin.

Jeff pulled out of her pussy just as his load started to shoot. Nell wiggled, enjoying the feel of his hot juice splashing her tingling, red ass. 

A few minutes later, Nell stood up, adjusted what clothes she still had on. As she went to fetch another beer for the guys, and said, "Hope I can think of a job that needs doing next Saturday."