 I kept stealing glances at my wife's tight, black yoga pants which were clinging to the contour of her ass like a second layer of skin. A thin seam in the fabric ran down her crack toward a small cameltoe hump that was just barely visible as she bent down to check the zipper of her travel bag. The pants were on the shiny side, giving her well-rounded cheeks a sexy sheen from the punishing afternoon sun that was otherwise slowly roasting the hundred people that stood alongside us in the customs line. 

Alice's hair, pitch-black as the pants she was wearing, has the type of natural wavy curl that many women spend good money trying to replicate. She's an Irish Italian mutt, just like me, and it shows in her pronounced facial features and her fair skin. She thinks her ass is a little big but I think it is beyond perfection, especially for a slim, athletic woman in her thirties. The college-aged girls in line, who were only an hour or so away from going "wild," were boring in comparison with their straight ponytailed hair and boyish shapes. I would take my curly-haired, bubble-butt wife any day over them. 

Alice wheeled her bag a few feet forward and turned back to me with a smile. Unlike me, she was not going to let a long line dampen her spirits. We were in Jamaica and it was our first sojourn to the Caribbean for a beach-style vacation. She could barely contain herself. 

After we were free from the customs line, we quickly spotted our driver brandishing a handwritten sign with our name on it. He escorted us to his car in the parking lot and offered to sell us some weed before our butts even hit the seat. All the drivers do this, right? After some hesitation we decided that there was no harm in buying a couple of joints from him for the beach. We were on vacation, dammit.

With the rental house being on the other side of the island, we knew that we would be getting in late. We bought some essential survival supplies from the local Mega Mart by the airport: rum, limes, mixers, a case of Red Stripes, and something called Dragon Stout that the beer enthusiast in me just couldn't resist. With that, we were whisked through the middle of the country. 

The sun set at the start of our journey and the island mountains came alive with house lights that seemed to reflect the stars in the sky. Bouncing violently on the beat-up highway, our vehicle was constantly dodging pedestrians, motor scooters, packs of dogs, and the occasional wandering goat. After a few hours, the driver suddenly stopped the car in front of a big beachside house. "Here we are, mon!" he announced to the both of us, startling us awake from a unintended nap. 

We got out of the car and strained to see our rental property through the darkness. With our bags in tow, he led us past the gate and down to the back porch to the first floor of the duplex. We were surrounded by the sound of chirping crickets and the waves pounding on the beach. After a quick tour, we took the driver up on his offer to buy a few joints and tipped him well. We found ourselves alone in that strange place in the middle of the night. As much as we wanted to feel excited, we never felt so stranded and out of our element. 

Without any city lights or streetlamps of any kind, it was really too dark outside to get a real feel of our new surroundings. I struggled to envision a relaxing vacation after all of the hustle that began somewhere around 5 am that morning. We decided to unpack a few essentials, filled up a few glasses with rum and ginger beer, and set out to explore the property. 

"Should we go down and check out the beach?" I asked Alice, holding up the beach-access gate key. 

"Hell yes!" she blurted. A few sips of alcohol and her enthusiasm was already back in high gear. Me? I was just damn tired.

I unlocked the gate and a few steps down the stairs was all it took to find ourselves starting back at the immense sea from an entirely empty beach. We sipped on our drinks, quietly admiring the dazzling view of crashing waves and the starlit sky. For a guy that grew up in rural Ohio, it was pretty overwhelming. 

I tossed and turned that night with dreams: surreal reimaginings of the long car ride through the country and visions of our endless floating backyard where the approaching shapes of ancient vessels were beginning to take form in the distance...

