 "How did you and Sue meet?"

The simultaneous gulp from both of us was audible around the dinner table. An assembled group of 3 work colleagues with partners had joined us for dinner at our new home and the meal was going really well until that question. We had a prepared answer, of course, but it always seemed to catch us out.

"It wasn't really me Sue fancied at first. A close friend of mine was into her when we first met but I realised she was meant for me."

"I met Grant when he was invited to his friend's party and I was there as his friend's partner," said Sue.

"Oh, love at first sight," said Lisa from the office!

"Yes, more or less," I said, just catching Sue's wry smile.

The conversation moved on to how the others had met and my mind had a few moments to recap the truth of our first meeting. In those days, I had a secret. I still have the secret except I share it with Sue. I was bisexual. Initially I though I was totally gay. I had had a few brief sauna experiences with men but as I hit my late teens I suddenly found women quite attractive too and started not only dating, but screwing as many as I could as if to prove my heterosexuality. I abandoned men completely until at 20, I became friendly with a work colleague, Steve. Now Steve should have been gay. He wasn't effeminate at all though he was of medium build and with muscles where required, short, really blonde hair, stunning blue eyes, clean shaven and little freckles on his arms. He knocked me for six and didn't even know it.

He thought we were doing "lads things" but in fact I was following him around like a lap dog. In the changing rooms after squash, I would glance at his soft cock, beautiful round balls and gorgeous blonde pubic hair which gently spread up to lightly cover his chest. When he met Sue, I was devastated. He still had time to do "lad's things" with me but he spoke a lot about Sue. Sue was very attractive. She was a full 5 inches shorter that Steve's 6 feet and a blonde also. She had breasts that were not too obviously big but when she decided to dress in a low cut dress, they suddenly became her main feature, such was their firmness. Her smile lightened a room and she had a wicked, slightly raunchy look about her. There was one little trick where she shook her hair then flicked it back as she looked at you which seemed to say "it's here if you want it!"

Sue had confided in me one night that Steve was pretty plain in bed. I think the phrase was "wham, bam, thank you Mam!" 

He could have been as plain as he wanted as long as I could get my mouth wrapped around his cock!

Sue continued saying that she wanted more adventure. She said she had asked him to have sex outdoors in risky places, or even to have sex with another girl present. I had jokingly suggested another man would blow his mind when she said she had even asked him that too.

"Sex is just fun and love is forever," she said to me that night.

Scroll forward three weeks and Steve is having a party in his rented garden flat. There were about 30 people there and I had been let down by my supposed date. I spent the night talking to strangers and watching Steve get a little drunk. Sue was being very saucy both with other people and with Steve, making a big show of kissing him in the middle of the room and even feeling his crotch in full view of any who cared to look (i.e. me). She kept looking at me when she kissed him or groped him, smiling an odd kind of smile. One thing is for sure I was horny as fuck and she knew it. Steve was getting so drunk, I thought that she was going to try and knock him out with booze and then make a play for me!

It was after 1.00 am and I saw her take Steve out to the back garden. It was pretty dark out there because of a high brick wall at the bottom and thick bushes up either side. They disappeared into the darkness. I suddenly had the urge to see what they were doing. This might have been my only chance to see Steve in action. My drunken mind had also lessened my sense of risk and before I knew it, I also had slipped out into the dark through the kitchen door.

The street lights at the front of the building gave a yellow glow which meant that there was some light and I slowly made my way up the path. I heard movement beside Steve's shed and saw Sue on her knees sucking him. I had to get closer if I was going to see anything so I edged further up the path, on to the grass and stood in a pitch black area out of the glow of the lights. His jeans were at his ankles and his cock was stiff as hell and looked fabulous. Steve was well gone and was gripping Sue's head to push his cock in and out of her mouth, however his eyes were closed and he looked as though he was on automatic pilot. Sue was working hard at him, Steve was doing bugger all but just standing there, cock erect, grunting.

Sue stood up and slipped her top and bra off, and then I saw her pull up her skirt and slip her briefs down. 

"Kiss my nipples, Steve," I heard her whisper.

Steve's response was inaudible but it might as well have been, "in this state I couldn't find my own cock in the toilet."

Sue was panting and fingering herself with one finger while her hand gripped Steve's semi-erect cock. It looked to be a thick 6.5 inches and uncut with a thick patch of hair around his balls.

"C'mon Steve, I need this," she panted.

I leaned forward to try and see her tits and slipped on the edge of the garden path, stumbling into the semi-light.

"Oh sorry Sue, I just wondered where you had both gone to," I mumbled unconvincingly.

"Don't worry about that Grant," she said, "if you can get your cock harder than that," nodding at Steve's cock, "I want you to fuck me against that shed! Let's try and get him up to speed first," she continued, her hand pulling his cock in my direction.

Sue pulled my shoulders downwards as she dropped to her knees again and took Steve's cock in her mouth. I was still half bent when she beckoned me down to the same position. "Let's do him together," she said, offering me his cock.

I gently took my first taste of Steve. This was unusual, having gay sex with a girl present but it was highly charged to me, a slightly "left of centre" bisexual. I could see Sue half smiling as we shared Steve's cock. It was a little over 6 inches and the foreskin was quite loose and easy to pull back, revealing the head beneath. His pants were around his ankles and he was half sitting on a long wooden plant stand, the sort that would be in a greenhouse to hold cuttings. Steve's eyes were blearily shut and he was mumbling encouraging sounds as we both slurped on him. He was totally unaware what was actually happening.

His cock had risen to my early estimate of its full size and Sue struggled to get a condom on him, handing me one at the same time. She backed herself on to him and his cock slipped into her. She did all the running, pushing her backside into him as his cock slid under into her slit. I took the opportunity to stand behind her, with one hand cupping her right breast, and kissed Steve. His lips opened and his alcohol laden tongue slid into my mouth. He had no idea who it was so I took full advantage, gripping his head firmly and kissing him fully on the lips. He started to slide and ended up on the garden path, flat out.

"Come on big boy," said Sue, as she lay flat out on the narrow wooden "bench" and opened her legs. 

I slid the condom on and entered her easily. She was wet, very wet, so it slid in quite easily as I started to ride.

"That's more like it" she said, as my slightly larger and thicker cock invaded her.

I gave her a great ride, even though I say so myself and during the session, she seemed to orgasm at least twice. Her drunken state eventually brought the session to an end and Sue was of the impression that I had cum.

"I'm heading home," she said as she pulled up her briefs and made herself presentable. "I'm not sharing a bed with that drunk, he might wet it."

When we re-entered the house it was empty and Sue pulled on a coat and headed off on the short walk to her house.

I locked up and went back out to the garden finding Steve snoring on the path in the near darkness. His pants were still at his ankles and his cock was still slightly erect, though not fully. I slid out of my pants and briefs and enjoyed the cool air around me. I pulled Steve's loose fitting pants off and I knelt to suck his cock. It took over 15 minutes before, slowly, his soft moaning was transferred to some movement and his cock rose. I had a nice 6.5 inches of my beloved Steve in my mouth and he was still moaning. I pulled him on to the grass and lay on top, kissing him while stroking his hard cock. My own was painfully stiff. I then had an idea!

I slipped back into the house and raked around until I found some KY. He had told me that sometimes Sue wasn't wet enough so I remembered he would have some. I stretched my used condom on to his cock and lubricated it then straddled him while facing him and sat down on his rigid member. The subsequent ride was unbelievable. If you can imagine being fucked my your best absolutely straight friend you may get some idea of how I felt. My own rigid cock was bouncing up and down in front as I rose and fell on Steve's cock. Steve was an active partner in the sex though his eyes remained shut throughout. I had absolutely no idea at this stage if he knew what was happening, thought he was having Sue, or was out of it. One thing, he was suddenly horny.

His cock seemed to swell in me and his breathing stopped, followed by a grunting sound. I froze, thinking he was becoming more aware, but in the quiet moment while I sat still, I could feel his cock pulsing in me and I knew he was cumming. I clenched my buttocks to drain him completely before wanking myself with his dwindling penis inside me. My cum should have hit him in the face but such was the force of my ejaculation that it shot straight over him into the gloom and only the last dribbles landed on his naked belly. It took a lot of work to get Steve inside and on to a sofa, as well as pulling on his pants to make his decent. Steve then fell fully asleep.

In the morning, he seemed to have absolutely no recollection of any of the night though when Sue returned later, the twinkle in her eye and the innuendo suggested she might have had some idea of what I had done. 

It took three months for her to eventually dump Steve and, after a suitable few weeks, start dating me. Steve was getting bored anyway and there was no ill feeling. Before we became an item, Steve said he found her to be a little too kinky for his tastes. She had even suggested he bring another guy along for sex. He continued by saying that the thought of another looking at his cock while it was hard, or worse still, touching it, made him feel sick. Little did he know that his cock had done more than that! 

The story above had been only my introduction to Sue and as we became fully acquainted over the next few weeks I discovered that she never felt one cock was enough and wanted me to help her find other men, bisexual or straight to feed her cock craving which I discovered, was second only to mine. She kept her flat but we tended to sleep over in either her place or mine at the weekends. I couldn't imagine how I was going to go up to straight guys in a pub and suggest they join me for sex, even if my girlfriend was present but Sue had a better idea.

It actually worked first time. What we did was to go out on the town ensuring we had enough drink to loosen our inhibitions and morals. She loved me to take a half Viagra. Not that I needed it, but certainly, if I took one, my cock had a mind of its own! We would spend the evening in some noisy downtown club. Fridays were always good as there were more groups of guys on the pull. Sue and I would initially dance together and she would get very frisky, firstly with me, and then with any guy or guys who were around. She would fix on her target say, at the bar and start chatting leaning into him, patting his hand, complimenting him on his bum or telling him how sexy he was. She would then manoeuvre him to a quiet corner and kiss him, feeling his cock until he was hard. This would last 15 to 20 minutes before she would thank him for getting her so hot and say she had to get back to her boyfriend who would have to shag her to cool her down. The little victim would then look so forlorn as he thought he just lost a hot randy chick.

"Would you have liked to fuck me?" she would then ask.

"You bet," was the usual reply.

"Well with my boyfriend it's always a quickie and he's not the jealous type as long as he gets his rocks off so why don't you come along and give me a real seeing to after he's done?"

With a little more gentle persuasion and a smile from me while tapping my watch, she could usually hook them. Sometimes she would have to take a hand and either press it to her tits or, if he was swithering, push it between her wet thighs and that clinched it. I had to act quite drunk so usually I was a heck of a lot more sober than him. In the taxi I would sit back and let her fool around with him and when we got to the house, she would immediately start on him first.

The first time we went out with this in mind I was terrified. Sue reminded me that it was the guy who would feel guilty, not us! The guy she picked was a bit young for my tastes. He had to be 18 but he looked a couple of years younger. He was with a group of about 6 mates but as they were all drinking heavily he was slowly being pushed to the perimeter of the group. He was watching every attractive girl who went past and we noticed him rubbing his crotch a few times. We were both 23 at this stage so he did seem a bit young however Sue said that a randy inexperienced guy would be good for a first attempt.

She went to the bar and as she fumbled to buy a drink for herself, she dropped her purse right beside him and gently kicked it away from the group. As he was on the edge of his group, he quickly knelt down and recovered it. I could see Sue offer to and buy him a drink. She was stunning from where I was sitting. Her white all in one dress, hugged her hips and rested well above her knees. The low cut top exposed the top half of her firm breasts and her hair hung in soft curls, sometimes covering part of her face. She would brush it back and then toss her head to keep it their in a most provocative way. Her nipples were pronounced and her beautiful teeth and smile made her a dick magnet!

The lad was hooked and she found it quite easy to walk him over to a slight backwater behind a pillar where I could still see but they were cut off from the line of his friends' vision. Sue was a vamp and this skinny your guy with his 'trendy but looking too big for him' clothes was taken. I could imagine what she was saying by her body language and from his, I knew that he liked her breasts, thought she was sexy and would love to fuck her. When she kissed him, he almost passed out and I saw her hand briefly brush his crotch and squeeze what looked like a very stiff dick.

When she surfaced and his flushed face calmed down, she took his hand and led him in my direction. I slumped slightly in the seat to look as though I was the worse for wear and when she introduced "Simon," I shook his hand and said, "As usual, one is never enough for Sue."

This let him realise I wasn't going to be an obstacle in the way of his night of sex. Sue led Simon out of the club and I followed. We taxied back to my flat, which was nearest and I slumped as though sleeping while she kissed this immature schoolboy-lookalike! He was cute however, and his youth and light stubble gave him a slightly effeminate look.

In the flat, she sent him to shower and suggested he come out with just a towel. She dashed into the small shower in my bedroom and I stayed slumped. I was secretly very excited at the idea of watching "my" Sue being fucked by a boy. The door opened and Simon came out as instructed, if slightly sheepish, and I dashed past him into the bathroom, leaving him in the lounge. As I closed the door I heard Sue come out from the bedroom and invite him in.

By the time I showered, I gently opened the door and, completely naked, I tiptoed across the hall in the darkness and looked into the room. Sue was on the bed facing the door, her legs drawn up and apart and a hairless boy-arse was facing me, his head buried between her legs, slurping noisily at her cunt as she whimpered and held his head in place. My cock was stiff as fuck. The full 7 inches curved upwards and was almost painful with its hardness. I had no idea how much I would get to play with this lad but I so wanted to. His balls were visible between his legs, dangling in their sacs. His cock, I assumed was upright and out of sight from this angle. I so wanted to watch more before joining.

Simon climbed up the bed, kissing Sue as he went. He may have looked like a virgin but he wasn't acting like one. He spent some time on her nipples and moved to kiss her with an urgency that suggested he was going to run out of air and die on the spot. His breathing was heavy and his hands were everywhere. Sue gripped him and flipped him on to his back and at last I saw his cock. If mine was hard, his was a rod of iron. It was about 8 inches long but very thin compared to mine. He had quite tight skin but it peeled back at the top. It was very fair and the colour of the rest of him. His hairs were quite fair and his balls looked quite red compared to his body. He flopped back and Sue dived straight on top. She slithered down the bed, with her arse now facing me, and enveloped his cock in her mouth.

"Oh my God, that's amazing," he said. "I love being sucked."

"Don't dare cum yet," she said, "I've enough energy for you, and Steve if he comes in."

"Eh, is he going to, eh, join us?" he said incredulously.

"Depends if he's still awake, but would it bother you?"

"Dunno – don't think so. It would be kind of kinky I suppose," he replied.

My cue!

"What a fantastic sight," I said as I walked in, my cock 7 inches ahead of me.

I saw Simon's head angle sideways to see what I was doing, then he zoomed in on my cock. I assume he had never seen another erect cock in his life. What Simon had in length, I had in width and he hardly took his eyes off it as I stood at the side of the bed. I so wanted to stick my cock in his mouth but thought better of it.

I started to lick Sue as she sucked him, my tongue entering her moist cunt, its lips peeled back to aid entry. I took it in turns to lick cunt then arse and she loved it. Of course licking his saliva helped enormously too. She slid up the bed and planted her open slit on his mouth, covering him with her thighs as she did so. Sue then slid back down lay directly on top of Simon and let his cock slide between her legs. About 1.5 inches stuck out from between her buttocks. I leapt over and started to kiss her buttocks and then let my tongue stray on to his cock head. If he was aware, he wasn't letting on to me. Whether he thought the sensation was the work of Sue's thighs or not, I don't know. The precum dribbled out of the tip and I licked every drop.

Sue then rolled Simon on to his face and started to kiss his body. He was covered in goose bumps as she did this, but when she started to rim him he reached another planet. His bum arched upwards to give her better access so she put her hands between his legs and gripped his cock, stroking it softly as she buried her tongue in his arse. He was moaning as loudly as having his face buried in the pillow would allow. I moved over and as Sue pulled back slightly, I replaced her. There is something about a young man's virgin rosebud that tastes so wonderful. The skin texture is soft and slightly sweet and Sue's saliva made entry very easy. Once more, I don't know her he knew the switch had happened.
