 I asked for help from the list of editors at Literotica. SexySoBeChick was more than helpful. Not only did she edit this manuscript, but she also gave me lots of pointers on how to make all my stories better. This is my first attempt at applying her suggestions. I hope you enjoy the results. Sincerely, Don Grampa

* * * * * 

"Oh God, I can't do this," Emily said to her potential sorority sisters Sara and Nikki. "I'm still a virgin. Are you sure we have to do this, Nikki?"

The three friends were standing in the lobby of the Sheridan Inn, way out on the western edge of Lansing, almost ten miles from their house near the campus of Michigan State University. The girls were so used to being ogled, they paid little or no attention to the various men walking by. All three were wearing short shorts and cropped T-shirts that showed their flat tanned stomachs.

Although Sara didn't want to verbalize her thoughts, she felt much the same as Emily—very nervous and a little bit afraid. She really wanted to become a member of the sorority, but the initiation bordered on the extreme. Sara was a tall, athletic, blue-eyed blonde freshman, who'd been captain of her high school's track team during her senior year and a member of the homecoming queen's court. Sara'd had a variety of steady boyfriends since she was fifteen and had gone all the way for the first time at the prom last May.

"It's no big deal girls," Nikki said. "Just ask the very next guy that comes across the lobby." 

Nikki was almost giddy at the pending embarrassment facing the other two girls. Already a member of Tri-Delta, she was along as an official observer to make sure all the conditions of their initiation were met. Nikki was a perky brunette with pretty green eyes that not very many men ever noticed, because they never got past her melon-sized breasts, which were about two sizes too large for her frame.

"All right, here comes a guy," Nikki said. "Get ready to get him." 

Mike Jensen had just finished up business for the day and was feeling quite content when he entered the lobby of the Sheridan. The first thing he noticed were the three gorgeous young women who all seemed to be staring at him. He was surprised when two of them more or less pushed the third one into his path.

"Hi, ah . . . my name . . . is ah . . . Emily. My friends and I were wondering if we could buy you a drink?" 

"Well I don't see why not, Emily. My name is Mike. Why don't you lead the way?" 

As Mike followed the three girls into the adjacent lounge, he admired the beauty of all three, but fixed his eyes on Emily's backside. The up and down motion of her buttocks was as hypnotic as the swaying of her straight black hair which went past the middle of her back. He wondered what was about to unfold as he was introduced to the other two girls. Lascivious thoughts popping into his brain, images of the three young ladies naked and available burned in his mind. Never in his wildest dreams could he have guessed what would transpire next.

After several false starts and a lot of hemming and hawing, Nikki got tired of waiting for her friends to explain their predicament and took matters into her own hands. "These two ladies want to join Delta Delta Delta and part of their initiation is to have a male stranger shave their pubic hair. They want you to do it for them. Would you?"

"What . . . " was all Mike could say as he tried to sort out the information that he was in fact being offered this succulent young female flesh. He looked between Emily and Sara and asked, "Is that what you really want?" When they both nodded yes, he smiled and added, "Well, I guess I could do that. Do you want to use my room here at the motel or do you have one of your own?"

"We'd like to use yours, if that's okay?" Sara said as she pushed her chair back and stood up.

"I have a 'down and out' right near the back stairway," Mike said. "Wait just one second and I'll get us something to drink." A discreet fifty-dollar bill procured a bottle of Southern Comfort from the bartender. "Let's go then," he said when he got back to the table and he led the way. 

Nikki sent Emily back to their car to get the bag of shaving stuff while Sara went off to get a bucket of ice for the drinks. Nikki and Mike just looked at each other. Nikki was thinking about how much fun this was going to be, watching the other two squirm around and get fondled. Meanwhile, Mike was planning how he could get all three girls naked and willing to party. When the other two returned, Mike got everyone a drink and they each sat on a corner of the king-sized bed. 

"Kind of hard getting started, isn't it?" Mike commented, as he shuffled a deck of playing cards he had pulled out of his suitcase. "I have a proposal to make. Why don't we play a little game of strip poker? The first one naked gets shaved. My recommendation is that all four of us play. I'd be willing to participate if Nikki does. What do you say, Nikki, are you willing to play? Or are you chicken?"

After a long pause Nikki said, "Okay, I'll play." She was thinking how cute this Mike guy was even though he was kind of old. He looked in good shape and maybe it would be fun to get it on with him. "But I don't know that much about poker. Why don't you just set the cards in the middle of the bed and let each of us draw one card? Low card has to remove an article of clothing. Agreed?"

Everyone agreed and they started to play. All of them started by removing their shoes and socks. The first to remove a significant article was Nikki, who took off her shorts, displaying her multi-colored stripped panties. Two hands later, she lost again and took off her top, proudly showing everyone her beautiful breasts. They were bigger than grapefruit with large dark areola and nipples that were rigid and extended. 

Mike was down to his briefs when Sara had to reveal her breasts, which were a lot smaller than Nikki's with pink nipples that almost blended in with the color of her skin. Nikki lost the next hand and managed to remove her panties without exposing her crotch. She damn near died when she lost the very next hand too.

"It isn't fair! I'm the first to get shaved and I'm not even part of the initiation," she complained, even as she got up and retrieved the bag that contained the shaving cream, scissors, razors, and baby oil. "Let's do it by the sink."

The other three quickly followed her into the alcove. After removing the coffeepot and hair dryer from the counter, Nikki hopped onto the surface and turned sideways, so her feet straddled the sink. Lifting her butt, she placed a folded towel under her as the others crowded around.

Mike marveled at her puffy vulva, which was plainly visible since she kept her pubic hair neatly trimmed. The hair was dark and not even a quarter of an inch long. Mike splashed the whole area with warm water, then, with soapy hands, lathered up her pudendum. Mike was really enjoying himself, his one hand busily rubbing the pussy of this very attractive young lady, while the other hand fondled her right breast, rolling her firm teat between his thumb and forefinger. His cock was harder than a brick and sticking straight out from his boxers. He almost jumped in surprise, when he felt a hand gently squeeze his organ.

Nikki was enjoying the sensation of having her nether region explored so much it only seemed natural to grab hold of the nearest engorged member. It felt weird but nice to be shaved by a man, her tingling nipples causing a flood in her vagina.

Mike started from the top, slowly shaving down the outer edge of her vulva. He worked the sides by holding the labia between his thumb and forefinger, but it was so slippery it was tough to hold onto. He let his little and ring fingers slip into her vagina and his middle finger tease her clit while he shaved the hair off almost one stand at a time. When he finished, he rubbed a little baby oil around the area, sliding his fingers over the edges of her labia and lightly around the hood of her clitoris. Then he placed his whole hand over her vulva and squeezed firmly.

Nikki was beside herself. She felt sexy as hell and was self-conscious that the other girls could see her arousal. She hadn’t planned on playing this game, but was damn glad she had. 

"You can tell if he's done a good job by rubbing your cheek over the shaved area," Sara said as she put her face against Nikki's vulva and moved her head back and forth. "Try it, Emily. See what I mean?"

Emily ran her cheek over the smooth skin, smelling the aroma of Nikki's sex as she pressed her face into her friend's groin. When Emily moved away, Mike got into the act, running his tongue the length of her slit and then gently sucking on the hood over her small, sensitive clit.

"Oh my God!" Nikki squealed as she jumped off the counter. She was embarrassed to be so turned on. "It's someone else's turn." 

Sara was the next to get naked, and then Mike, before Sara lost again and it was her turn to be shaved. They decided Sara should be done on the bed, so they set up a couple of towels and put warm water in the ice bucket. Mike used a wet washcloth to dampen Sara's soft curls. He twirled the longer hair above her clit into a tight lock and gently pulling on it, he took the scissors and cut it off.

“I’m going to keep this as a souvenir,” Mike said, carefully placing his prize on the table next to the bed. Once the rest of her long, thin hair was trimmed back with the scissors, it was easy to use the razor.

Mike and Nikki watched as Emily ran her checks and nose over Sara's freshly depilated pubic area. Emily really enjoyed the smell of her friend's secretions. The aroma was making her very horny. Mike and Emily were surprised—but not nearly as much as Sara—when Nikki used her tongue to check Sara's smoothness. When it was Mike's turn, he licked all around her labia before stiffening his tongue and sliding it as far into her vagina as he could. Then he sucked lightly on the hood over her clit. Sara was going wild. She had never experienced anything so intense in her entire life. Without even being aware of it, she let out a long, low moan and swooned while experiencing a powerful orgasm.

While Sara was still spread out across the center of the bed, Nikki got out the cards again and it was Mike who lost the next hand. He'd never had his pubic hair shaved and was more than a little apprehensive, but he figured a deal was a deal. He sat on the edge of the bed while Nikki took the scissors and carefully trimmed his hair. Wielding the scissors with her right hand, she held his erection with her left. Mike wiggled around, trying to push his dick in and out of her left hand, eager for more stimulation, completely oblivious to the dangers inherent in a pair of sharp scissors. 

"You take over the shaving, Emily. I'll hold him down, so he doesn't get any more excited than he already is." With that, she pushed Mike flat on his back and straddled his chest. She kept moving back until her drenched cunt was over his nose and mouth. Emily got back with the warm water just in time to see Mike's huge member slide easily down Nikki's throat. When Nikki lifted her lips off Mike's cock, Emily took a few tentative licks for herself. All thoughts of shaving Mike were completely forgotten and the shaving paraphernalia was pushed to the side.

"What are you guys doing?" Sara asked as she sat up and noticed the other two girls drooling over Mike's penis. Upon inspection she stated, "That is what I call a perfect prick and if you girls don't mind, I want to sit on it."

Once the other girls moved out of her way, Sara got up and, with her feet on either side of Mike's hips, she impaled herself on his dick. "Goddamn," she exclaimed, "this feels like I'm sitting on the Washington Monument."

It wasn't until then that Sara noticed Nikki was sitting on Mike's face and—as though it were the most natural thing in the world—she reached out and caressed Nikki's wonderful jugs, while she moved her hips up and down the pole between her legs. 

Emily got so turned on watching all the action, she whipped off her clothes and began frantically fingering herself with one hand, while she pulled on her nipple with the other. Suddenly, Mike erupted into Sara and they all collapsed on the bed. Although exhausted, everyone giggled when Emily got up to get everyone another drink, because her hairy mound was easily discernible. 

"We still have to do Emily!" Nikki exclaimed. "We can't forget her."

Emily was more than eager. She hadn't ever experienced anything as erotic as this evening. She was scared about losing her virginity, but also enthusiastic about the prospect at the same time. Positioned on the bed, her butt almost hanging off the edge, Sara and Nikki pulled Emily's legs back and out, so she was wide open. Mike knelt down between her legs and gathered a clump of the longer hairs in the middle.

“This is another trophy for my memory book,” he announced as he used the scissors to remove the tuft, which he then placed on the table next to Sara’s. Then he carefully snipped off the rest of her long, dark, and very abundant curly locks. 

Emily's vulva was awash in the juices flowing from her vagina, filling the room with her fragrance. Chewing on her lower lip, Emily watched as Mike began shaving her. Halfway through the process, Mike felt he had to stop and fill her opening with his cock. His fingers had been sliding in and out of her soaked vagina as he worked and the sounds and smell were more than he could stand.

"Please," Emily panted as if she could read his thoughts. "Oh God, please . . . put it in me. I need your hard cock inside me."

"You asked for it, baby," Mike shouted, placing the head of his penis at the entrance of her love box, "here it comes!"

Although Emily was a virgin, Mike felt no resistance as he slowly slid his hard shaft into her slick tunnel. After only a couple of dozen slow, deep strokes, he felt his testicles tighten as his second cum in less than an hour neared. The erotic sound of their coupling along with Emily's grunts and groans were enough to tip him over the edge. As Mike pushed in as deep as possible, they could both feel the tip of his penis trying to enter her uterus. With his pubic bone mashed against her clit, Emily climaxed right along with him. 

Meanwhile, Sara and Nikki had been getting it on with each other on the other side of the big bed. Locked in a classic sixty-nine position, they were busily devouring each other. Mike didn't remember rolling off Emily, but was aware of someone mercifully turning off the room's lights. When he recovered after a short nap, he noticed that all three girls had passed out on his bed. 

After getting some water from the bathroom, Mike quickly finished up the shave job on Emily. She awoke as he was applying the lotion, so he licked her until she demanded he screw her once again. Mike was amazed how responsive she was and how big her clit grew when it came out of its hiding place. After a long, slow, pleasant engagement, they both joined the others in dreamland.

It was after ten in the morning when Mike woke up to the sounds of the girls getting dressed. He offered to buy breakfast, but they declined, each giving him a passionate kiss before they left for home. The room was a shambles, but a twenty-dollar tip for the maid would make her happy. His conscience clear, Mike was about to leave when he saw the two curly tufts of pubic hair on the night table. He smiled to himself as he stowed them in his luggage. An image of his Tri-Delta threesome was etched in his brain with memories of a night he'd never forget.

While making their way home, all three girls were deep in their own thoughts, but all agreed that they'd had an erotic experience they'd also remember forever.