 For some years it has been my fantasy to see my wife Gill make love to another woman. We have talked about this often and I always believed it was just a fantasy but last weekend it finally happened. However, Gill played a trick on me and it didn't quite happen as I imagined. The result was still very sexy, though, and I thought your readers would be interested to read the story.

I was working late when Gill phoned and said, 'Kim and I have been watching blue movies all afternoon. We're really horny and I thought I might go to bed with her. If you come home now you can watch.'

I have never driven home so fast. Kim opened the door to me and said that I had to sit in the lounge. After about ten minutes Kim entered made-up with bright red lipstick, wearing Gill's black dress and high heels, and, as I was soon to see, a matching black lingerie set and fully fashioned stockings. I have always admired Kim's shapely, sexy legs and Gill knows this and had obviously dressed her up for my delight.

Kim asked me to dance and as we smooched she pressed against me, squirming into my erection. 'Those movies have made me really wet,' she whispered 'My pussy needs a hard cock.'

With that she kissed me full on the lips. I had never kissed Kim before, other than a peck on the cheek, but now her tongue was in my mouth and she was gripping my rod through my trousers. Suddenly I was aware that Gill had come up behind Kim who turned to greet her with and equally wet French kiss. 

I was awe struck at this horny sight but then it registered that Gill was wearing one of my suits. And Kim was groping what appeared to be a massive hard-on between my wife's legs.

I stumbled back onto the sofa and lay watching their act. Gill appeared to be about to fuck her friend alright, but as a man! She was fully togged out in a suit, shirt and tie (albeit, with sexy make-up and wearing high heels). Kim was now behaving as she had towards me and asking to have her pussy seen to. 'OK, but first you have to suck my cock,' commanded Gill in a butch voice. Kim sunk to her knees and drew down the zip of the trousers. Out popped a huge dick. It was a monster, over eight inches long easily. 

Kim licked its tip then swallowed its length and began bobbing her head back and forward giving Gill one of the sexiest blowjobs I can imagine. 'Oo yes, suck it, Babe,' murmured Gill in approval 'Make me good and hard so that I can fuck your sweet cunt.' 

They were obviously playing out a scene from one of the videos they had been watching but I was enjoying the show more than any video I've ever seen. I was riveted to them as they played on. My cock was now out of my trousers and I was gently stroking it as I watched.

Kim now stood-up once more and Gill pulled her dress up over her head and tossed it to the floor. They kissed again and Gill opened her bra and began to kiss down to her tits. Kim's tits are much smaller than Gill's, but with long thick nipples, which were standing out like stalks.

Kim in turn undid Gill's tie and shirt and pushed them and the suit jacket to the floor. Gill's big boobs were naked and they squashed into Kim's as the two kissed again. This time Gill's hand slid down into Kim's panties and obviously her fingers curled into her friend's pussy as Kim broke off the kiss to gasp in pleasure. Then staring into Gill's face with a smouldering look, she commanded, 'Now fuck me!.'

Kim took off her panties and lay down on her back. Gill dropped her trousers and crawled forwards between her legs with the huge strap-on sticking out in front of her. With no preliminaries whatsoever Gill rammed the big dildo into Kim to its hilt. Kim was obviously totally juiced-up (they later told me that Gill had licked her out upstairs as they dressed for the show).

For several minutes Gill pounded Kim's pussy mercilessly with that plastic cock. By now Kim was crying out that she was coming and then she wrapped her legs tightly round Gill's bum, forcing the plastic cock deep into her cunt and groaned, 'Oh fuck..' as a massive orgasm swept through her body. 

The climax took about a minute to subside and Gill kept the dick buried to the hilt throughout. As she then withdrew it with a pop, Kim folded into another come and lay shuddering on her side with her knees drawn up to her boobs. 

'That's the way to fuck a woman,' Gill crowed at me. Then she stood and walked over to me. She put one leg up on the sofa beside me and undid the strap-on. She then put it in her mouth and licked it clean of Kim's cream while she pulled my head into her crotch to lick her out.

When she came and few minutes later Gill flopped down beside me and asked me what I thought. 

'Wonderful, if a little different,' I replied then I kissed her. But just as I clasped my hand on her boob Gill slid out from under me. I looked up and saw that Kim had pulled her to the floor. 'Me first!,' she beamed up at me.

I looked at Gill who just shrugged and said 'Well, she is our guest. They had me stripped in seconds and Kim pushed me back onto the sofa and straddled my lap with her back to me. My sexy wife then guided my cock into her friend's cunt as Kim lowered herself onto it. She then rode me furiously for a few minutes while it was all I could do to hold back my orgasm. 

Then Gill did something that sent me over the edge. She and Kim had been kissing and fondling each other as Kim rode me. Now Gill ducked down to lick Kim's clit and my shaft as it slid in and out of her hole. Immediately I erupted, shooting great wads of spunk up Kim's vagina. 'Now,' she called. 

To my amazement Kim then launched herself forward and Gill rolled onto her back as Kim sat on her face squirmed around to smear my cum over my wife's face. They then shared a long spunky kiss as they frigged each other to orgasm.

As they sat up they looked totally outrageous. Their hair was all matted and stuck to their faces and Kim had a great big ladder in her stocking. 'You two look gorgeous,' I said. 

They kissed and Gill said 'She's a little belter isn't she. And she's sleeping here to night so you can fuck her again later.'

After we had all showered we lay on our bed and watched another porn movie. This time I lay back while the girls sucked me off together. I then watched them in a 69 and then fucked Kim while Gill lay beside us playing with herself.

I awoke the next morning on my back. Gill was bouncing up and down on my morning erection. 'Morning Dear,' she called.

'Where's Kim,' I asked. 

'Right here, Lover,' came a voice from above my head. Just then Kim's leg flew across my face as she straddled my head. Looking down she said ' Fanny for breakfast Sir?' And with that she plopped down on my face. What could I do but oblige her with some oral pleasure.

We all came together and then, with heavy hearts, we both kissed Kim goodbye and she jumped into her car and drove off. 

'Let's go back to bed, darling,' Gill said once the door was closed. 'You can give me a nice slow screw while I tell you how you're going to repay me for this treat.'