 After what seemed like the longest dry spell of any man in history, I finally met Becky, a wonderful woman. Smart, beautiful, and most importantly, we really clicked.

Things proceeded fast for us, and we were soon confiding our deepest secrets. When Becky told me she was bi-sexual, it opened up a world of sexual fantasies that we explored together during our pillow talk.

One day, weeks later, I was alone in a local wine bar, waiting to meet a buddy, when this gorgeous woman sat down next to me and started to flirt with me!

Caroline was her name, and we talked into a second drink when she casually put her hand on my leg, mere inches from my crotch. I looked her straight in the eye, and said "I appreciate your direct approach but I must tell you I only date bi-sexual or bi-curious women. And I have a girlfriend that likes to play".

I could see Caroline weighing my statement in her mind, then she smiled, and leaned in to kiss me, sliding her tongue into my mouth, while sliding her hand up my leg to encase my growing cock in her grip. She then whispered in my ear "Let's go to your place. Can you call your girlfriend"?

I quickly paid the bill, and made a call to Becky, inviting her over ASAP.

We made it to my place, and Caroline became very aggressive, unbuttoning my shirt, then dropping to her knees in front of me to get to my fly.

She dropped my pants to the ground, leaving me nude, with my erection parallel to the floor.

She then sucked my entire cock to the root. I reached down, and grabbed her hair by each side of her head, and gently lifted her back to stand up.

We kissed again, as I began removing her clothes. 

I freed her breasts, and licked my way down her body to them, where I lightly flicked my tongue across each nipple.

We carefully walked to the bedroom, once inside, she pushed me back onto the bed, & crawled atop me, straddling my face. Laying her moist pussy firmly on my nose and mouth, and once again, she sucked my cock deep into her throat.

I plunged my tongue deep into her pussy, and became lost in the erotic pleasures of our 69.

Soon I feel another set of hands running across my inner thighs, and I know Becky is here. I smile into Caroline's cunt as I feel Becky's warm breath on my scrotum, while Caroline has my shaft deep into her throat.

Soon I feel them sharing my stiff rod between them, like a Popsicle between friends.

Caroline decides to move upright, sitting firmly on my face, and Becky moves up to sit on my extremely stiff cock, slipping her wet pussy down my length in an excruciatingly delightful move.

The two beautiful women look at each other for a second, and begin to explore each other.

Caroline is bucking and groaning on my face, grinding her pussy, smearing her cream all over me. Becky lifts herself up, and off my cock, leaving it bobbing around in the air. She slides up my body, getting closer to Caroline, giving her a full body hug, breasts pressing close together, as they kiss.

Becky reaches down and plays with Caroline's clit, pushing her into an intense orgasm, almost drowning me in her cum.

They roll off me, entwined in a tight embrace.

Becky on top, she moves down Caroline's body to her very wet opening, where she continues to keep Caroline in a state of ecstasy, sending her into another orgasm.

Caroline throws her head back as her body tenses up, a low moan escaping from her throat.

Becky keeps 2 fingers sliding in and out, while flicking her tongue across her clit.

Now I am sitting on the side, idly stroking my cock. I can see Caroline's thick juices coating Becky's hand. Caroline lets out a big sigh as she comes down from her climax.

Becky slides up her body, to give her a deep kiss. Caroline lets her hands roam down Becky's body, feeling the warm flesh. Slipping her hand into Becky's warm wet pussy, Caroline rolls Becky over onto her back.

She lifts her legs, and puts them on her shoulders as she dives down to lick at Becky's sweet spot.

I am feeling a little neglected, and I approach Caroline's exposed ass, lifted up as she is eating Becky's pussy.

I slowly lick her butt cheek, leaving a wet trail to her damp snatch.

I hear her moaning into Becky's cunt.

I then stand up and slide my rigid cock across her wet opening, getting it lubricated. I slowly slide into her buttery pussy, only stopping when I hit bottom. I pump deeply into Caroline, getting a rhythm going that pushes her mouth into Becky's pussy. The 3 of us are moving as one now, our breathing synchronized, as we moan, grunt and pant. I look over Caroline's back and catch Becky's eyes, just as she slips into a powerful orgasm. That is too much for me, and I tense up, and blast my hot load deep into Caroline, which, in turn, sends her into yet another intense orgasm.

We then collapse into a sweaty, heaving pile, all smiles.