 Lying on the edge of the pool, catching the last rays of the fading Florida sun, I was feeling completely relaxed. My fiancé Drew swam to the edge of the pool nearest me and got my attention by gently flicking water on my overheated body. Feeling annoyed, I turned my head towards him and slipped my sunglasses down my nose, giving him a frosty look. He smirked at me, not believing that I could ever possibly be annoyed with him. 

"Hey." He said, as I looked over at him. His sun bronzed torso had beads of water trickling back down into the water, catching my eye, causing my breath to catch. Steel grey eyes followed my gaze, and he smirked again, knowing the effect he was having on me. "What do you think of Scott?"

His question puzzled me. Scott was his friend from New York who had been staying with us for the past couple of months. 

"He's a nice guy." I answered, not sure exactly what he was getting at.

He rolled his eyes, "I know that, silly! Do you think he's attractive?"

I sat up and hugged my knees to my chest, giving me time to come up with an intelligent response. "Ummm, I guess so," was the best I could do. In truth Scott was the sexiest male specimen I had seen in ages, but I wasn't sure that's what Drew wanted to hear.

"Oh, 'cause he thinks you're hot," he said as he pushed gracefully off the side of the pool and dove underwater. I was on my feet as he surfaced on the other side of the pool, shaking water from his light brown hair and grinning wickedly at me. I crossed to the other side of the pool too, and met him as he was coming up the stairs, water cascading off his strong, well-toned body.

"What do you mean, he think's I'm hot?" I asked, not sure where this conversation was leading. Following him inside to the laundry room he peeled his wet trunks off as I stripped my bikini and put it into the washer. 

"He said so! We talk about you every time you leave the house." He replied cooly, as if this was the most sane discussion we had ever had. 

Climbing the stairs behind him, I was speechless. I was silently deciding what to say next. "What do you talk about?" 

"You. What you look like naked, what you like to do in bed, how you sound . . .everything." He said, looking at me, trying to gauge my reaction. 

I was frozen in shock! I was fighting conflicting emotions, should I feel outraged, should I feel aroused? Truthfully, I was feeling a bit of both. And it would be hypocritical for me to get mad, because I discussed many of these same things about Drew with my best friend.

"Why would you tell me all this?" I asked him, knowing he had to have an agenda.

"Because we want to be with you. . . both of us . . . at the same time. Like a threesome. How do you feel about that?" Now I was totally in shock. I kind of had an idea what he was getting at, but to hear it come out of his mouth, that he was willing to share me with another guy, I was terrified!

"You're insane! That's what I think of that!" I said, backing away from him, until my legs bumped into the side of the bed and I sat down. He came and sat down next to me, taking me into his arms and holding my naked body against his. I shivered, considering the possibility of being with two men at the same time. 

He kissed my face, whispering, "Just think about it, baby. Tell me that you've never thought of him in a sexual way and I'll drop this right now. Think of all the things we could do together with you. No emotional attachments, just straight, no holds barred sex. I've seen you watch him in the pool, and playing volleyball, and surfing, and when we go out to the clubs, I watch you watch the way his body moves." It was all true, I did notice the way his tall, muscular body moved in all those situations.

Drew's mouth came down over mine in an intense, searing kiss which I returned with equal passion. We made love that evening with him whispering all sorts of wicked ideas in my ear, which triggered several earth-shattering orgasms. I still wasn't entirely sold on the idea, but Scott came home later that night and we never discussed it again.

About two weeks later, as I pulled my car into the garage after working the evening shift, Drew was waiting on the steps into the house with a glass of red wine. He led me into the house and upstairs to the bathroom off our room. He had the water running in the tub, filling it with my favorite scented bubbles. He slowly washed my body from head to toe, kissing and nibbling on every part he washed. 

Afterwards, he led me back into the bedroom where he dried the beads of water from my body and kissed me softly as I lay on the bed. His kisses grew more passionate, and his fingers were slowly rubbing my neatly shaven pussy. I moaned as I spread my legs, and his fingers focused on my throbbing clit. He slowly kissed a moist path down my chest and tummy, finally spreading my lips with his fingers and probing into my wetness with his tongue. He was doing everything he knew to bring me to the edge of orgasm, and then he slowed down and began to work his way back up my body to my mouth, kissing me, allowing me to taste myself on his tongue. 

We kissed softly for a few minutes, his fingers gently pinching my nipples, when I felt unexpected weight at the end of the bed. Drew raised his head and looked into my eyes as I felt warm fingers spreading my thighs and caressing the outer lips of my wet pussy. My eyes widened in alarm, trying to sit up, but Drew had his arm across my chest, gently holding me down.

"Shh, baby . . . don't think about anything, just go with what you feel." He began kissing my breasts again, still whispering softly to me, as I felt Scott's fingers part my lips and his warm tongue lick me slowly from top to bottom. I began to relax, letting my body respond to the sensations of two separate mouths on me.

Drew sat up and moved to the side of the bed, watching silently as Scott made my body respond to him. I raised my head off the bed and looked down, seeing the top of Scott's head moving slowly back and forth between my thighs as his tongue circled my clit. I moaned as I felt him slide two fingers into me, pumping them slowly in and out, drawing out my ecstasy. His eyes met mine and my body erupted into an explosive orgasm, with me pressing his face into my wetness as I came.

Before I could come down from the peak of that orgasm, Scott knelt between my legs and pushed his thick, rock hard cock into me. I felt myself expand to accommodate him, my legs instantly curling around his back. 

Drew stood beside the bed, a look of pure rapture crossing his features as he slowly stroked himself. I had no idea he had a voyeuristic side to him until then. I reached my hand out to him and he took it, sliding across the bed on his knees until his cock lined up with my mouth. I licked him eagerly, moaning as I took his balls into my mouth one by one, softly sucking them. I traced my tongue up the throbbing vein in his cock, and took his head into my mouth. His hips gently forced more and more of him into my mouth, and his hand rested suggestively on the back of my head as he watched his best friend fuck me.

Scott was driving into me more forcefully now, and I was moaning and panting around Drew's cock. Suddenly I felt his whole body tense up as his hands tangled in my hair, forcing his cock all the way to the back of my throat as he spurted shot after shot of hot cum into my mouth. His orgasm set off mine, and I could feel my pussy contracting around Scott's cock as I screamed. He quickly pulled out of me and came around to the side of the bed next to my head. I took his cock in my hand and began pumping it, guiding it to my mouth just as the first shot landed on my tongue. He groaned loudly, watching me swallow every drop. The mixture of their cum had an indescribable taste, but I knew I would never be able to get enough of it.

We lay together on the bed, me in between my two lovers. After a while, Drew asked me to suck Scott's cock. He fantasized about me pleasuring another man orally while he watched. So I crawled down between Scott's legs, and slowly ran my tongue over his balls while my hand massaged his growing shaft. Scott put his hands behind his head, enough to raise it up so he had a good vantage point of my mouth on his cock. I opened my mouth wide and took in just the head, swirling my tongue around it as I bobbed my head gently taking more of him. I was watching Drew's face, and the look of pure pleasure there was enough to spur me on. I took as much of Scott's cock as I could get in my mouth, moaning and licking it for all I was worth. His hips were beginning to thrust uncontrollably, and he was panting in short, shallow breaths. 

Suddenly, he reached down and pulled his cock from my mouth, taking my hands and pulling my body over his so I was now straddling him. His hands went to my shoulders, pulling me down, so I was face to face with him. He raised his lips to mine, kissed me very softly, licking the inside of my mouth and then he whispered, "Ride me."

I sat up and smiled down at him, raising my hips and guiding him into me once again. This angle was spectacular! I was wildly grinding my clit against his pubic hair as his thick cock pistoned in and out of me. His hands were on my hips, holding my body tightly against his as I felt my orgasm approaching. "Ooooh, oooooh, God . . ." I couldn't stop moaning, and then I finally felt myself go limp, my chest collapsing onto his as he held me tightly against him, driving himself madly in and out. My fingernails dug into his shoulders as my climax swept over me. His hips slowed their movements, and he was softly rubbing my back as I still straddled him, impaled on his hardness.

Drew knelt on the bed behind me, running his fingers lightly up and down my slit, from where Scott's cock joined my body, to my ass. I had a feeling I knew what was coming next as I felt the chill of lube on Drew's fingers. I immediately tensed up, never having been penetrated anally before. 

"Just relax Janie, just relax . . ." Scott's voice quietly in my ear as his hands smoothed my hair. He kissed my forehead, and then reached down, spreading my ass as he began slowly rocking his cock in and out of me. 

I felt Drew's finger push against my opening, and held my breath. "Breathe, sweetie, don't fight it, it'll be okay . . ." I took a deep breath as Drew's finger pushed slowly into me. I moaned, and pushed back onto his finger. I wasn't expecting it to feel that good. He started to slowly slide his finger in and out of me to the rhythm set by Scott, and I moaned again. 

He added more lube and pushed a second finger into me, and I felt the first sting of being stretched. I slowed down my thrusting on Scott's cock and raised my head off his chest. He kissed me fully on the mouth, and swallowed my protests. Drew added more lube, forcing his fingers deep. I quickly grew accustomed to this new intrusion and again started to fuck Scott slowly. 

Drew's fingers left my ass, and again, Scott reached down and held my ass open. Drew lined the head of his cock up with my tiny hole and pushed gently. It felt huge! I didn't think it was going to fit, and I started to sit up to say so, when Scott held me tightly against him as Drew pushed past the entrance. I gasped and cried out. Drew had just the head of his cock inside me as he stopped to allow my body to get used to the new sensation. Scott began kissing me passionately, trying to take my mind off the pain. 

Drew slowly started to move forward, but it still hurt. Before I knew it, I could feel Drew's pubic hair against my ass. He stopped again, breathing deeply. He leaned down and kissed the side of my face, whispering in my ear "Oh, baby . . . you feel so good! Am I still hurting you?" 

"A little. Please just stay like that for a little bit." 

"Okay, baby, okay. God, you should see what this looks like. I've never seen such a beautiful picture." 

Scott began kissing me again, rubbing my breasts and pinching my nipples, slowly thrusting into me from below. As my hips started to move to meet his thrusts, I felt more cold lube on my ass as Drew began fucking me. I cried out when he pulled his cock completely out of my ass, added more lube, and pushed it back in. I had never felt so full in all my life. My body was impaled between these two strong men, feeling their maleness fill me. Our bodies were slick with sweat and we glided easily together, both of them groaning and panting as they slid their cocks in and out of my body, setting a nice groove. 

I felt Scott's fingers leave my breasts and slip down between our bodies until he found my clit. I moaned loudly as he pinched it, rubbing it between his thumb and forefinger. I started speeding up my movements on his cock until my orgasm overwhelmed me. "Oh, God . . .don't stop . . . don't stop . . ." I screamed as my body tensed up and every feeling in body was centered on my ass and pussy. I felt like fireworks were popping behind my eyes and my body disintegrated into a million tiny pieces. 

Next was Scott, clutching my hips and driving himself deep into my pussy, grunting and clenching his jaw, as he unloaded a huge pent-up load of cum into me. I kissed his face and chest softly as his breathing slowed. 

And then Drew. He rammed his cock all the way into my ass, making me scream, as he too, held my hips tightly against him. He growled as his cum coursed through his cock, deep into my bowels. 

He collapsed off to the side of me, and I rolled off of Scott, once again lying between the two of them. I curled up close to Drew, kissing his neck, softly sucking on the area over his jugular vein, feeling his pulse slowly returning to normal. I could feel both of their loads oozing out of me as Scott rolled towards me, kissing me across my shoulders. He wrapped his arm around my waist with his lips pressed against the nape of my neck, and we all drifted off to sleep. 

Things were back to normal the next day, all three of us in awe of the things we had done the night before. Scott never spoke to me about it, but Drew told me that he was amazed that I was even willing to do it, and that it was one of the most intense experiences of his life. I believe him, because I know it was one of mine!