 I want to tell you about last summer's trip to Canada.

It was late on a Friday afternoon when Lisa and I started north on Interstate 81 toward the New York border. We were only about 20 minutes into the drive when Lisa started complaining about the long trip; so to pass time we decided to play a game of liars poker.

"I guess this game is over," Lisa pouted, "I'm out of money." 

"I'll buy your shoes from you for $2.00 so that you can back in the game."

"Deal," she said excited that she again had something to do for the remainder of the 6 hour drive. She removed her shoes and tossed them into the back seat.

A few minutes and a few miles later she had lost the $2.00.

"What do you want to buy from me now," She asked?

"I'll buy your socks for a buck."

"Only a buck?"

"They're just socks and you know I'm not a foot man."

"Oh alright" she said throwing her socks into the back seat.

One hand later she needed more money. "What's next on the chopping block," I asked?

"How much for my necklace?"

"Nothing, since when does a necklace cover anything?"

"Well, I'm not taking off my shirt it's still daylight."

"Oh well, I guess we'll be there in another four hours anyway."

"What if somebody sees me?"

"Well then you better win the next hand. Hadn't you?"

"Oh, Alright," she said, reluctantly crumbling her shirt throwing it in the back seat.

She actually did win the next few hands but never bothered to put her shirt back on saying the warm breeze felt nice. Her luck didn't hold and a few hands later I was again holding all the money. 

"I suppose you want my pants now, don't you?"

"No but I'll buy that pretty bra holding in those marvelous boobs."

"I can't ride all the way there with nothing on!"

"It will be at least three hours until we hit the border and that's plenty of time to win your money and clothes back."

"But, how much?"

"I guess I could give you five bucks for it."

"Seven."

"Six."

"Deal."

I handed over six singles as she removed her bra and unleashing those awesome breasts. Her nipples almost immediately jumped to attention.

"Cold," I asked?

"Nah it's just the breeze from the windows blowing right across my chest. What can I say, they have a mind of their own."

"I like their mind" 

When we started our next hand we noticed a Pickup truck driving next to us. The two men in the truck were staring at her tits. The driver started beeping his horn and I could see him mouthing something to his passenger. I looked at Lisa and said "you should just show them the whole package."

She turned from me to the window and pushed her tits up against the glass. The driver beeped and both men waved and cheered. She dropped back into the seat and covered up. 

"Cheating," I said, "I did not sell you your shirt back." 

She took the shirt and tossed it into the back seat again.

After several more hands she was broke again and asked what to do then.

"I guess I'll buy your pants and panties."

"Both? What happened to one at a time?"

"Well I guess I could give you $4.00 each or I'll buy the package for $10.00."

She considered this for a moment then said, "fine," and looped her fingers under her skirt and panties and pulled them off.

I won the next five hands, she won two, I won three more, she won one more then I finished her off by winning five in a row, leaving her broke again. 

"Well now we are really done," she said.

"Why," I said as I handed her three more dollars.

"What is this for?"

"We'll consider it a loan and your mouth is the collateral."

"Three dollars for a kiss? It's a deal."

"Yeah but you will be kissing my cock with an open mouth frenchy."

"Three bucks for a blowjob? What do I look like a two dollar whore?"

"NO, a three dollar whore," I laughed, "just kidding, so do we have a deal?" 

"I suppose."

"Great," the next three hands were over quickly.

"Well get over here and pay up baby."

Lisa gave me a look as if to say 'at least I will have something to do.'

When she started to lean down she said, "Are you going to unzip or what?"

"That is not my job. I paid for it now you earn it."

She grabbed my belt and unfastened it then unbuttoned and unzipped my pants. She fished around for a moment then pulled out my half-hard cock. Immediately she engulfed my cock with her mouth. Lisa has the ability to make you see stars when she sucks your cock; I am not sure what she does but it feels great. About 3 minutes of this treatment and I was feeling a familiar feeling in my balls and knew it would not be long. She must have sensed it too because her pace quickened.

Lisa slipped my cock out of her mouth, turned her face to me and said, "I want you to spray that hot cum down my throat baby." She dropped her head back to my lap and without missing a beat began sucking my cock again..

"I'm cumming," I screamed as I dumped what seemed like a quart of jizz into her mouth. She held the head in her mouth and swallowed all I offered. "You sure can suck cock Lisa. Good thing you're my little cock sucker." 

She smiled and licked her lips then blew me a kiss.

We stopped to refuel and to get something to eat in Watertown, a small town just short of the border. After dinner, we had only about ninety minutes of driving on winding roads to cover before we reached our trailer next to a lake in Ontario. We arrived at about 11:30. It was quiet in the campground; there were only two people left around the fire as we parked the car near the trailer. We immediately recognized one of them as her best friend, Jamie.

Lisa and Jamie met halfway and hugged as I started unloading the car. I unlocked the trailer and carried our baggage inside while Lisa and Jamie and some guy I did not know chatted. When I finished, I went back outside to the fire for introductions. 

"Babe you remember Jamie, right?"

"Of course, Jamie how are you?"

"Good. And you James?

"I am well, thank you. I heard you are back on the prowl." Jamie had broken up with her long-term boyfriend two weeks earlier.

Lisa stepped firmly on my foot to indicate that I had just inserted it in my mouth.

"Well you should have your pick of the men, a gorgeous woman like you will not go lonely for long," I said trying to make her feel better.

"Yeah right," she said turning her head to hide a blush. "Let me introduce Dave, he is camping here too."

Dave said, "It is about time for me to go to bed. I was just sitting up with Jamie until you arrived. So if you'll excuse me I'll go to my own trailer. Pleased meeting you."

Jamie and Lisa sat back down and started chatting while I fumbled with the fire. I was about to join the conversation when I heard Jamie say, "The worst part of breaking up is not having a hard cock every day." 

I jumped back and said, "Well, maybe I'll let you girls finish this conversation alone." "Don't be silly," Jamie said. "Unless you are embarrassed sharing with us."

"Me embarrassed? Never!"

"From what I hear, you have plenty to share. Is that true?"

"Who did you hear that from?" We both looked at Lisa at the same time.

Lisa smiled and said; "Hey would you rather I tell her that your cock is tiny?"

"Well no, I guess the truth is always better but I didn't know you girls shared info like that."

We share everything," Jamie said. 

"Really," I chimed in, "so are you going to share my bed with her tonight?"

"Well as a matter of fact, I was thinking about it."

"Will we all sleep naked," I asked.

"Fine with me," Jamie said and pulled her top over her head exposing her breasts to me. My mouth was hanging open in awe when she removed the remainder of her clothing and stood to walk into the trailer. I was about to say something to Lisa but when I turned around she was already naked and stepping into the trailer. 

"Hey! Wait," I yelled. Jamie looked back and then took off running for the trailer door. She ran inside and dove into the bed with Lisa. I caught up quickly and said to Jamie, "That is my spot."

"Not anymore" she said as she cuddled next to my girl. 

"She may have something to say about that," I said pointing to Lisa.

"Why is that?"

"Well unless you grew eight inches of cock in the last thirty seconds she is not going to be satisfied with you."

"How do you know? I may have talents that you don't."

"Yeah, yeah fun is over, get out of my bed. I'm tired. You can sleep in the living room if you want."

"I bet I could satisfy her as well as you do," Jamie challenged.

"You think?"

"I know."

"Ok, go to it," I said as I sat in the chair at the end of the bed.

"Ok," she said getting out of the bed. 

I thought I had called her bluff but she picked up her shirt and started tying my hands to the chair.

"Hey, what do you think you're doing?"

"Well, if I have to do your job, I don't want you trying to interfere." She pulled my shirt off and used it to tie my other arm to the chair.

So, I sat tied to a chair in my own bedroom, watching as my girlfriend and her best friend climbed into my bed. I have to admit that I was not particularly upset by this.

Jamie leaned over and kissed Lisa with an open mouth. I saw their tongues mash together and my mouth fell open. They kissed for what seemed like hours while their hands explored each other's body. Jamie's hands stopped on Lisa's breasts and started squeezing them. She soon had Lisa's nipple in her mouth causing Lisa to respond with a gasp. Jamie sucked until she had both nipples standing hard and erect, she may not have cared but my cock was standing hard and erect also. 

She began moving down Lisa's body and soon pushed Lisa's legs open. Jamie looked at me; made sure I could see everything and then dove into my lover's pussy. I could not believe what I was seeing. Lisa had once told me she fantasized about being with another woman, but the reality of seeing it was too much. I looked at Lisa's face as Jamie licked her pussy and I could see she was really enjoying the tongue-lashing her friend was administering.

Jamie then inserted a finger into Lisa's now sopping pussy with no effort at all. Jamie swung her body around and straddled Lisa's face. Her ass and pussy were only inches from my head. I watched in fascination as Lisa without hesitation started licking her friend's pussy.

After a few minutes of licking Lisa received her reward as Jamie started to spasm and screamed, "Oh fuck yes, I'm cumming! Please lick my pussy! I want to cum on your face! Oh Fuck!"

Jamie smashed her pussy into Lisa's face so hard I thought she might suffocate. In a moment, she let up and I saw my beautiful Lisa's face covered with her best friends love juices. She looked at me and smiled as Jamie dove back into her pussy saying, "Your turn, I want your cum in my mouth."

I chimed in "I can help you with that," but Jamie gave me such a look that I shut up immediately. 

"I am in charge here. You just sit there and be quiet." 

Jamie started to finger fuck Lisa with a vengeance and soon Lisa was churning with pleasure, "Oh yeah, suck my clit, fuck me! Please fuck me! Make me cum! Make me cum all over your face. Fuck yeah!" She screamed as her first orgasm ripped through her body. 

The two of them lay there on the bed not even looking at me. Jamie started sucking Lisa's tits again. Lisa then looked at me then back at Jamie and said, "Maybe we should let him have some fun too?"

Jamie slipped off of the bed and walked over to where I sat. She used a shirt to blindfold me then untied my hands. She said, "Stand up." 

When I stood, she pushed me onto the bed and tied my hands to the bed rails so again I had not choice but to sit where she wanted me. The girls then removed my remaining clothing. I felt a warm mouth on my cock, I knew at once it was Jamie, the feeling was so different from Lisa's style. The girls began sharing my cock between them like a giant lollipop. 

I then felt a warm and wet pussy being pushed into my face and I happily started lapping away. This pussy definitely belonged to Jamie because I know Lisa s pussy like the back of my hand. Both of their pussies are bald and small, but this one had a taste I had never tasted before.

The girls sucked me right to the brink of orgasm then stopped to remove my blindfold. Jamie straddled my cock and held it just at the opening of her pussy. She said, "Who is the boss here?"

I said, "You are Jamie." 

Smack! Her hands slammed into my chest causing it to turn red instantly. "Do you want me to fuck you? That is Mistress J to you!"

"Yes please, Jamie."

Smack! She slapped me again, "That is Mistress J to you!"

"Yes, yes Mistress J."

"If you want me to fuck you, you must do ever thing I say. Understood?"

"Yes Mistress J," I moaned.

"If you question my orders you will be punished. Understand?"

"Yes Mistress J."

"Good. Now fuck me with that nice cock of yours." She sank all the way down on my stiff cock. She began riding me like a wild bull while Lisa watched. Jamie rode me for 3 or 4 minutes before she threw her head back in orgasm. 

"Fuck my pussy you fuck! Fuck Mistress J like you would want to be fucked," she screamed as her pussy tightened around my cock.

"Oh yeah, I'm gonna cum," I said.

She continued sliding up and down on my cock as her orgasm subsided. I grunted and unleashed a load of cum into her pussy similar to the one I had unloaded into Lisa's mouth earlier.

Jamie stopped fucking me and said," Nobody told you to cum. You obviously need to be punished." 

Jamie told Lisa, "You didn't train this man properly. I will have to punish you as well."

Lisa started to protest, but Jamie said, "Shut up. If you want another orgasm, you need to clean all of his cum out of my pussy. Now start licking." She laid back and spread her legs. Lisa leaned forward and began licking. I could see the sticky mess of my sperm sliding into her mouth. I felt my cock begin to harden again as I watched my girlfriend eating my sperm from her friends wet pussy.

Jamie told me to start licking Lisa's pussy, and I immediately started doing so. I felt Jamie's hand wrap around my balls and begin squeezing. Squeezing hard. 

She said, "Stop! You lick her only when she licks me." 

I watched Lisa and when she moved here head forward and opened her mouth, I did the same with Lisa's pussy. I licked and Lisa immediately began moaning. She was now nose deep in Jamie's pussy and appeared to be loving ever second of it. Lisa ground her pussy into my face and then screamed, "Lick my pussy! Make me cum! I am such a slut! I will do anything for you! Please, just don't stop."

Soon her juices flooded my face, making it a complete mess but nowhere as messy as her own face, covered with Jamie's juices and my own cum. 

This was our first time with Mistress J but I don't think it will be our last.