 Part 1: The Banquet.

Steve sat at one of dozens of tables in the crowded university ballroom. A speaker droned on to the bored students, who sat eating their closing day banquet. It was the final event of the multi-day debate competition and Steve, for one, was sorry to see it end. He wasn't so sure about Cherie and Yvette. They sat across from him, picking at their plates and looking bored. Cherie noticed Steve looking at her and said to him, "I can't wait to get back to Olympia."

"Really? I love this stuff. I've had a blast," Steve replied with a smile.

"Hmmm. You are good at this debate thing." She paused and ran her eyes over him. "But why are you so uptight?" She motioned to his shirt and turned to Yvette saying, "Look, he has his top button buttoned!" 

Yvette looked curiously at Steve's shirt and said, "Yeah, he does!" with a little laugh.

Steve looked perplexed and uncomfortable. 

Cherie smirked and reached across the narrow table to touch Steve's chest and conservative, blue dress shirt. "You're a good looking guy. Nice chest! You should show a little bit of skin." She pulled her hand back and used it to pull her own top open a little wider. 

In contrast to his own conservative attire, Steve thought Cherie looked excitingly dangerous. She was a gorgeous girl of Mediterranean ancestry, with darkly tanned skin, black hair, a classic oval face, and a somewhat large, but feminine, nose. Her exotic features got her attention and her confident, smoky brown eyes commanded it. She usually had a superior smirk on her face, as she did now. Her dark, plum-pink lipstick matched the tight, stylish, purple blouse she wore. It featured frilly fabric along the button line. Cherie had it unbuttoned a quarter of the way down. Framed between the frills, Steve could see the tops of her lacy black bra and large breasts and, most impressively, her ample, tanned cleavage. Steve had been stealing glances at that spectacular view all evening and was embarrassed to have his attention drawn straight to it. He wondered if she knew he'd been looking. 

Yvette leaned over and admired Cherie's cleavage with a quick laugh then sat back and tugged open her own top a little wider. "Yes, a little skin!" She flashed her gorgeous white smile, laughed and said, "But I don't have as much to show as Cherie!" 

Yvette was also a beautiful girl, but a total contrast to her friend. She had long, straight, natural blond hair, porcelain skin, and cheerful, blue eyes. Her face had the sharp, delicate, straight lines of a modern beauty. Her light pink lipstick made her slender lips stand out. Steve thought the lipstick made her look a bit slutty and deliciously kissable. She was wearing a white, women's dress shirt. The cuffs were unbuttoned and slightly rolled back and she had also unbuttoned her shirt a quarter of the way down, revealing her lacy white bra, but not much cleavage. Her breasts were much smaller than Cherie's. Back in Olympia, Steve had often imagined them as perky mouthfuls. 

Steve was now completely embarrassed and convinced that Yvette and Cherie were making fun of him. He glanced down the table at the other kids from Olympia High, but the rest of the group was engrossed in their own conversations. Far down the table, one of the students, Matt, had leaned over to Barb who was sitting next to him and was whispering something in her ear. Barb listened to him with closed eyes, and a big, excited smile. They looked completely, happily, oblivious to everyone around them.

Steve was suddenly jealous as well as embarrassed. He'd really had a good time. Now, this final event was turning into a disaster. Cherie and Yvette were two of the prettiest girls at school and inseparable friends. Steve, and every other guy at Olympia High, had often fantasized about them. He'd been surprised and pleased when they'd volunteered for the team. In addition to being beautiful, both girls were smart and talented students. Steve remembered when the girls had asked to join the team.

One day, before their English class had started, Steve and a geeky friend of his had been reenacting the Episode 3 battle between Obi-Wan and Anakin Skywalker, using their pencils as lightsabers. Steve, playing Anakin, had said, "Now, I am the master," and, while lunging at his friend, had jostled Cherie's desk a little. The English teacher, Mr. Andross, had looked up sharply. Steve had mumbled an apology to Cherie and quickly sat down at his own desk.

After the class was over, Cherie had said, "Hey, Steve, wait a second." Steve had paused on his way to the classroom door. He'd felt a jolt of nervousness as he turned to talk with the two pretty girls and inwardly cursed himself for it.

"We want to join the debate team," Cherie had said and then asked with a smirk, "Are you the master?" She continued, "Can you sign us up?"

Steve had recalled with embarrassment his goofing around prior to class. "Uh, I am the team captain," Steve had replied, "I can sign you up."

"So you are the master," Yvette had said, emphasizing the word "master." She'd continued, "Does that make you the master-debater?"

Steve had blinked in confusion and embarrassment at the sexual innuendo. Yvette had laughed and Cherie had punched her in the shoulder. Cherie had turned back to Steve, a look of half exasperation and half amusement on her face. She'd asked, "When's the next meeting?"

"Uh, tomorrow," Steve had said. He'd struggled for a moment to gather his composure and then continued, "In this classroom; right after school."

"Great! Thanks! We'll see you tomorrow," Cherie had replied. She'd grabbed Yvette by the arm and steered her giggling friend out of the classroom. 

Yvette had turned her head and said over her shoulder, "Bye, Stevie!" Steve had followed the girls out, bemused.

Cherie and Yvette had just started at Olympia High School this year. For unrelated reasons, their parents had moved to town recently from different locations in southern California. As a result, the girls had transferred in from different schools for their senior year. New, beautiful, smart, and outgoing, they'd electrified the school's social scene. From the moment they met during new student orientation, they'd been inseparable friends. They were immensely popular. For a while, Cherie had dated Brent, the starting quarterback on the school's football team, but Steve had heard she'd dumped him a month ago and that Brent was still moping about it. He didn't know anything about Yvette's dating history, but Steve and his friends weren't closely plugged into the school's social scene. 

Steve was virgin and had never been on a date. Although he was very interested in girls, he had no car, no job, no money and no idea how he'd actually go on a date. Tall and athletic, but ungraceful, Steve was cute, but not overly handsome. He didn't hang out with the cool kids, such as Matt, but he wasn't intimidated by them. Despite being one of the smartest kids in school, he was kind and unpatronizing with the other students. He was easily the most popular kid at school, outside of the cool kids. He had no idea how interesting he was to girls at Olympia High. Unless he was talking about a subject very familiar to him, he tended to be a little nervous and awkward around girls, particularly the very pretty ones.

Cherie and Yvette had proved to be great additions to the debate team. They were skillful, Cherie perhaps a little more so since Yvette tended to be too sarcastic. Steve had talked and worked with them while preparing for this school trip and they'd seem nice and appreciative of his help. Steve had thought they were becoming friends. The only thing that annoyed him about the girls was the way Matt, who was also on the debate team, flirted shamelessly with Cherie and Yvette, who flirted shamelessly back at him (this was even more annoying to Barb, who was Matt's girlfriend and also a senior member of team). That, and perhaps the way Yvette called him "Stevie," but he also enjoyed the casual intimacy and underlying affection of the nickname. With the added help of Cherie and Yvette, the debate team had won third place at this competition, which was a significant improvement over last year's sixth place finish. The small trophy the team had collected sat in the middle of their banquet table.

Now, Cherie and Yvette were teasing Steve and he felt foolish for thinking they might like him and even more foolish for fantasizing about them. He felt his face growing red and felt every bit like the virgin he was. He looked down at his plate and concentrated awkwardly on the remnants of his dinner.

While Steve was making an effort to look anywhere but at Cherie or Yvette, Cherie studied Steve thoughtfully, with her smirk firmly in place. Yvette looked at Cherie expectantly. Reaching a decision, Cherie glanced at Yvette and then turned to Steve, saying, "I'm sorry if I embarrassed you, Steve." Steve nodded noncommittally. Cherie continued, "Look, this is boring. Let's go back to the motel. Yvette and I really like you and I want to make it up to you."

Steve was more embarrassed, which he hadn't thought possible, but he appreciated the gesture. And embarrassed or not, he wasn't going to pass up a chance to hang out with these two girls. His throat felt tight. To his further mortification his voice, normally a manly baritone, was a bit squeaky as he replied, "Back, uh, heh." While Steve coughed in an effort to bring his vocal cords under control, Cherie's smirk deepened and Yvette's smile broadened. Steve bravely continued, saying much more naturally, "Back to the hotel? What will we do?" It was still early in the program and, although the team had already collected its trophy, more speakers and dessert was still to come at the banquet.

"Oh, I don't know," Cherie said. Unknown to Steve, she gave Yvette's leg a quick squeeze under table. "We'll think of something. Maybe watch a movie?" 

Yvette said, "Yeah, let's go! This is a drag. Come on, Stevie!" Yvette and Cherie stood up to leave. 

Steve's embarrassment increased with the mention of a movie. On the first night of the trip, Matt had ordered a porn movie on the motel's TV. Steve and his roommate for the trip, Bob, had come over to Matt's room to see what happening and walked in to find Matt, Barb, Yvette, Cherie and a bunch of the other 18-year-old seniors gathered around watching the movie. On the screen, a woman, who was wearing a striped, men's tie and nothing else, was lying on her back on top of a table while a man thrust into her. Steve had watched for a few seconds and gotten instantly hard. He wondered how Matt could get away with it, but also thought, with chagrin, that this was the sort of thing Matt always got away with. Watching porn in a crowd was not Steve's idea of fun, so he quickly left the others, including Bob, to it, but he'd thought it about often afterward and wondered if the movie had excited Cherie and Yvette as much as him. Steve felt himself growing hard again at thought. 

Despite this latest development and his ongoing embarrassment, Steve was determined not to let this chance pass him by, even though he was sure the girls must have a standard, non-pornographic movie in mind. He was excited by this opportunity to spend casual time with them. "Who cares about dessert?" he thought, "I can always get something from the motel vending machine later. And I'm tired of being so careful." He reached behind his chair, grabbed his coat and held it in front of him as he stood up, smoothly hiding his erection. He said to the girls, "Alright!" He motioned toward the exit doors and said, "Lead on."

As they started to leave, some of the other Olympia High kids protested their departure, but Steve was the team captain and Steve, Cherie and Yvette were all seniors, so the protests were whiny and feeble. Thankfully, Mr. Andross, their teacher-advisor, was nowhere to be seen. Cherie and Yvette ignored the protests and the stares from the other tables and headed out, chatting amiably. Steve stopped for a second and said lamely to the other Olympia kids, "We're going to take a break," then hurried out after the girls. Matt, Bob and the others stared wonderingly after them. Matt thought, "Good for Steve, but those two are way too much for him to handle." He turned his attention back to Barb. 

It was dark outside and Steve was thankful for the frigid temperature. His erection had subsided. But for the biting cold, it might have returned as Cherie and Yvette, now bundled in their own heavy coats, settled in on either side of him. The girls wrapped their arms around his and snuggled in close to him for warmth. "Keep us warm, Stevie!" Yvette proclaimed and the trio walked awkwardly off to the motel a few blocks walk away, with girls swaying, laughing, and talking loudly. Steve was in heaven, enjoying the feeling of these two fabulous women on his body and the buoyant mood. He was at least 6 inches taller than both of the girls and, with their arms in his, he felt very much the man to their woman. 

The trio walked to the motel and up the outside stairs to the second floor. Steve felt a stab of nervousness as Cherie took out the room key and unlocked the door. He was intensely aware of the fact that he was about to go into a private room with two beautiful women. "Be cool. Be cool," he thought to himself. The three of them entered the room.

Part 2: Getting Comfortable.

When Steve first entered the room, it room felt hot after the deep cold outside. Steve closed the door and Yvette and Cherie stripped off their heavy coats. Steve took his own coat off and Cherie took it from him with a smile. The girls crossed to the far side of the room to hang the coats in the closet. Steve stood nervously, just inside the closed door to the room. He noted with surprise that the girl's room had one, large, king sized bed instead of two, smaller, queen sized beds like the room he shared with Bob. He had no idea the girls had specifically asked for this arrangement when they'd checked in. Having hung the coats, the girls sat on the far side of the bed and bent to remove their shoes. From her bent over position, Cherie looked back across the bed at Steve and said, "Come on, Steve, take your shoes off. Get comfortable."

Steve liked the idea of "taking off his shoes" and perhaps "staying a while" with the girls. He pondered his two choices for sitting down: the bed or a large, cushioned armchair that was positioned in a small sitting area on his side of the bed. Sitting in the chair seemed less intimidating than sitting on the bed, so he sat down in the chair and bent to remove his own shoes. Having removed their footwear, the girls crawled over to his side of the bed, where they took up positions sitting on the edge, watching him. Steve felt uncomfortably self-conscious and looked around wondering where they would all sit to watch a movie. He saw that the room's TV was positioned on a low dresser against the wall across from the foot of the bed. He realized with trepidation and excitement that they would all probably sit or lie on the bed to watch TV.

Steve finished removing his shoes and set them against the wall near the armchair. Cherie said, "Come over here, Steve. Sit with us." She and Yvette moved apart, creating a space between them, which Cherie patted invitingly with her hand. Steve got up and stiffly walked over and sat between the girls. He sat rigidly, with his back straight and his arms hanging straight down at his sides. Cherie sat on one side of Steve and Yvette on the other. Steve could smell the girl's perfume and it excited him with sensual possibilities. He was intensely aware of how close they were sitting to him. To his hyper-charged nerves, every vibration and motion in the bed felt extreme. The girls shifted their legs up and onto the bed so they could turn their bodies to face him better. Steve was afraid to move and wasn't sure he could speak if he had to. 

"Now, Steve, I wish you would relax," Cherie said soothingly as she reached over and deftly used both her hands to unbutton the top button on his shirt. The action shocked Steve, but it had happened too quickly for him to react. Cherie placed her left hand on his bicep and flattened her right hand on his chest, feeling how muscular and firm he was. She slid the hand on his chest gently over his pectoral muscles. Cherie asked, "You have a nice chest, do you work out?" Meanwhile, copying Cherie, Yvette smiled and slid her left hand along Steve's chest and grasped his left bicep with her other hand. 

In his nervousness, Steve trembled under the girls' gentle touch. He felt himself growing hard. He was afraid to move for fear of offending the girls or scaring them off. He feared his voice would crack again when he spoke, but he sounded natural as he said, "Yes, I lift weights at home. It's fun. I crank up the music and work out for about an hour. I've lifted for years. It's one of my favorite hobbies." He warmed to the subject as he talked, expounding upon details of his weight lifting routine and other exercise activities. Although talking naturally enough, he was very distracted by the girls gently exploring his upper body with their hands. As he talked, they nodded appreciatively and asked occasional questions. Eventually, Steve sensed he'd gone on long enough, perhaps a little too long, he thought, and a silence fell over the group. The girls continued to feel him.

"You feel so good, Stevie!" Yvette said, breaking the silence. 

Cherie ran her hands along his shoulders and said, "And you're tall and have such broad shoulders. I like that it in a man." 

"Let's see your chest," Yvette said. She started unbuttoning his shirt and Cherie quickly moved in with her own hands to help her. 

Shocked, Steve protested, "Whoa, what are you doing?" He was unsure if the girls were teasing him or not. He feebly brought his hands up from his sides, but he didn't want to grab the girls and scare them or ruin the playful mood. He sat their vacillating over what to do as the girls worked on his buttons.

"Relax! We're not going to hurt you," Cherie said soothingly. She smoothly worked another button open. "Besides, if you take your shirt off, we'll take our shirts off," she continued, emphasizing the "your" and "our." Steve started at that and looked sharply at Cherie, a little frightened, but also excited at the thought. "With our bras on! Relax!" Cherie said with a pleasant laugh. Steve settled down to the inevitable, stunned at thought of both girls taking off their shirts. He wondered if they would really follow through or if this was all part of an elaborate tease. Yvette laughed too and smiled at Steve as the two girls tugged his shirttails from his pants and completed unbuttoning his shirt. The girls slid the shirt off his shoulders and arms. Cherie tossed it on the cushioned chair in the corner of the room.

The girls admired Steve's upper body. He hadn't been exaggerating about lifting weights and exercising. His 18-year-old body was lean and well-muscled without being overly bulky. Steve had never even imagined shaving his chest, so a light layer of hair grew in the center of his upper chest and along his pectoral muscles. Cherie ran a hand through his chest hair. Stroking it, she said, "I don't usually like chest hair on a guy, but this is nice." Yvette slid a hand along his chest and murmured, "Mmmm. . ." She gently rubbed one of Steve's nipples for a few moments, but quickly slid her hand elsewhere around Steve's upper body. At the first touch, his tender nipple grew hard and an electric excitement coursed through his body. His now intensely hard erection jumped. As Yvette's hand moved elsewhere, he wondered if her brief stimulation had been intentional or accidental.

Yvette pulled her hands off of Steve's body and said with excitement, "Alright, Stevie, since you let us take your shirt off, it's time to take our shirts off. My shirt first!" Yvette stood up and then quickly knelt on the bed, straddling Steve, while Cherie shifted out of her way. Yvette spread her legs and pushed down, so that her crotch pressed into the tent Steve's erection had made in his pants. He thought, "She must feel that," and wondered if Yvette would be turned-off and leave her position. Instead, she kept her crotch firmly pressing down and insistently grabbed both of Steve's wrists. She brought his hands up to her top buttoned button. 
