 I love Friday nights. After a week of hard work, there's nothing better than finishing it off with a few beers with fellow businessman. "Networking" we call it. It's where most of the business is done these days. It's the modern golf course. And where you get business men networking, you often get secretaries doing their own networking. And there were quite a few out tonight that could give a jellyfish a hard on.

And what's better than Friday nights? Friday nights on business trips. I'd been in Hawaii all week and as a bonus, my sexy girlfriend Carly was able to join me. 

Carly is a flight attendant and enjoys the odd trip with me and often gets the chance to catch up with crew as they overnight in various spots around the world. It just so happens that two of her "besties" were in town too.

I rang Carly and told her I'd be out a while finalising some last minute touches on a business deal. She knew this meant late, and was quite happy as she 'd organised a girls nite out with Elle and Sara. My Carly is what you dream about.., tall, blonde - and just sexiness that ensures every head in the room stops, stares and takes in her beauty. And her nipples are just perfect. I ask her not to wear a bra often just so I can see them poke through her shirt. And then when you get the stunning Elle and the very sexy Sarah joining her- I dare say there will be a lot of men going home and rubbing one out thinking about those three tonight.

After one last drink, i needed to get out of here. All these half clothed 20 year olds running around flirting had me more than a little Toey. I'm so glad Carly came with me. And is she going to get fucked good tonight!! I jumped in a cab back to the hotel.

On the way, I received a text from Carly - asking me to be quiet when coming in the door and then followed it with a riddle- 

"A bronze medal is good, but a silver is better. The Gold can't be beat, but what tops being number one?"

I was perplexed. Not to matter- I continued home, paid the taxi driver and walked into the lobby and over to the elevators. Getting into the elevator I'm sure I could smell Carly's perfume. Mmmm - I hope she's not a sleep yet because my cock is already starting to has been hard the whole trip thinking about her! I need to fuck her very soon!

I open the front door of our suite and a dim corner light is on. It's light identifies a number of articles of clothes on the floor. Does this have to do with the riddle? They don't look like Carly's... My thoughts were interrupted by moaning.

I know that sound.

I walk to the open door of the bedroom and see the most amazing sight- Sarah was laying on the bed. And Carly was licking and sucking her clit... Slowly rubbing her face all over Sarah's beautiful bald pussy.

Wow!! My cock, if possible got even harder!! It pressed against my pants as I slowly rubbed it, watching Sarah's hands running through Carly's long blonde hair. Sarah had beautiful amazing tits which were clearly well paid for and her nipples were as hard as my cock! She was as beautiful as Carly. Not one, but two Goddesses in my midst.

I could have watched for hours- Carly was licking her clit and then had two fingers deep inside Sarah. It wasn't long before Sarah started breathing hard and tightened her stomach. She sat up to bring on what looked to be an orgasm and opened her eyes and spotted me.

It was sexy, it was amazing, and I didn't know what to do.

Carly made the choice easy for me- licking her lips as she sat up on the edge of the bed- she said "hi baby.., you enjoy the show?"

I nodded, and she motioned for me to come closer.

Standing on the edge of the bed, I had Sarah and Carly, both naked, sitting in front of me. Carly raised her hand and offered me her fingers. Slowly pushing them in to my mouth, it was the unmistakable taste of pussy. It was Sarah's pussy. Mmmmmm

Carly sees my reaction and adds "she tastes good, doesn't she baby? How about we let her taste you?"

They carefully and slowly went about undoing my belt. My cock was so hard at the sight below... it needed freeing ...now! Carly obliged. She undid my pants and then slid down my jocks. My cock sprang out, pointed right at them. I don't have a huge cock, but it's plenty big enough at 7". But tonight- it was every bit of 9". I was rock solid hard.

Carly grabbed my cock and slowly inserted it into her mouth. Carly can deep throat- she has the most amazing ability. Slowly.., all the way in. And slowly all the way out. She then grabbed the shaft and offered it to Sarah. It's her turn. Sarah eagerly took my cock. She could not go as deep as Carly (not many can), but she had both hands on my shaft and was twisting and pumping and sucking all at the same time... and oh my God! Carly took one of my balls in her mouth and gently sucked on it. Two stunning girls making my Cock the centre of the universe!!

I reached down with each hand and gently grabbed a Breast. There nipples were different, yet both hard. It was the greatest feeling ever-

I needed them to stop. I begged them to stop- I didn't want to come yet. Not yet- there will be plenty of time for that later.

I pulled my cock out of their amazing mouths. Carly looked up at me and said "Baby, Sarah hasn't had an orgasm from a guy in over a year... I've been telling her how amazing you are. I think it's time you showed her how good you are. Make her cum. Make her cum for me baby!"

And with that I leaned down and kissed Carly, our mouths opened and our tongues dancing. I stop and pull back as Sarah's takes my place and now kisses Carly deep. With the girls sitting on the edge of the bed, I take the opportunity to push them both back down onto the bed and slide between Sarah's legs. I push her legs open to give me a better view. Her pussy is beautiful. Her lips are small, there's no hair and I can see how wet she is. I move in closer glancing up to see both girls making out and caressing each other's beasts. My nose is right next to her opening and I inhale her scent. I just about cum for a second time. I part her lips with my tongue and slide it up and down her full length, exploring her opening. First the left side, then the right.

Sarah was so wet- I wanted to see if Carlyls pussy was just as wet. Without stopping, I took my left hand and slid it up Carly's leg and headed straight for her pussy. When Carly gets this turned on, she just wants a cock or 2 or 3 fingers inside her as quickly as possible. No soft approach, just in as deep as you can get them. She loves to be finger fucked.

And oh my ...,she was wet! Then again, She always is. Her pussy just drips- I can feel it gushing in my mouth when I'm going down on her. I just love to Rub my whole face up and down her pussy, covering it entirely with her juices .

Here i was, kneeling on the floor at the edge of the bed... My left hand was fingering Carly. My right hand was stroking my cock and my mouth had found Sarah's swollen clit, with my tongue running itself back and forth over her it.

It was just a matter of time before Sarah's hips started to move. Her breathing got heavier. Carly, being the dirty slut that she loves to be started talking dirty to Sarah.

"How do you like that Sarah? I told you he was good. He's gonna make you cum. I want you to cum all over my boyfriends face. Cum all over his face so that I can lick it up"

It was so hot. Sarah couldn't help but be seduced into orgasm. She stiffened up and joined Carly in announcing her orgasm. She grabbed my hair and let out an almighty squeal in time with her pussy releasing a flood of juices. I took her whole pussy in my mouth and gently sucked as she came in a shudder. After 15 or 20 seconds, she was fully relaxed and I let my tongue start caressing her lips again. This one didn't take long, after just a minute I went back to focusing on her clit where she immediately came again.

"Oh my God!", Sarah yelled.

Carly, being so turned on, needed more- so she jumped on top of sarah, doggy style, head to toe in the classic 69 position.

I was in heaven - here I was inches from Carly's mouth and only a beautiful soaking wet pussy in between us. 

We kissed, rolling our tongues around convey our horniness. We broke only for a moment to meet again at her pussy. Our tongues met, they explored, they met again. I could see by the look in Carly's eyes that she was loving every minute of it.

After what seemed like hours.., Carly kissed me deep and said i want your cock in her. Fuck her like you fuck me!

And with that I stood up and offered my cock to Carly's mouth at the entrance of Sarah's opening. Carly took my cock in deep as only she can. All the way to the base and then looks up at me and smiles. I slide my cock out of her mouth and she grabs my cock and guides it in to Sarah's opening. Her pussy is warm... It's tight and it's wet. Very wet. I slowly start to pump back and forth as Carly licks her clit. My cock sliding in ... And out. Every now and then, I pull my cock all the way out an offer Sarah's juices to Carly.

I can see her getting more and more turned on. Carly tells me to fuck her hard- pound her pussy. She loves it. She loves watching me slide my cock back and forth penetrating her friend.

I look into her eyes and tell her .., babe.. it's your turn. I move up to the other end of the bed and witness Sarah on the bottom of the 69 hungrily sucking away at Carly's pussy. I straddle myself in between and send my cock back to it's real home- deep inside Carly's pussy.

Carly's squeals as I pound her from behind. Sarah's face is getting hammered by my balls and I'm loving every minute of it. I pull out and give my cock to Sarah for a few seconds and then plow my cock deep again. Faster. Harder. Deeper. I grab her hips. I hear her breathing- Carly's gonna cum. And with perfect timing I push my cock as deep as it can go .., holding it in place sending Carly's orgasm into liftoff. I can feel her juices running down my balls... Onto Sarah's face. She must be soaked. Carly goes completely stiff as her breath is taken from her. It slowly resides and she relaxes in time.

Two orgasms for two happy girls and now it's time for me to come!