 We enjoyed our last visit to the beach. We decided to go one more time to the beach before lot of people turned up in the hotel and it became crowded. We asked Sam to arrange one more visit to the beach. He happily arranged the visit and dropped us to the beach very next day. 

As we thought, we did not see any one. We removed all our clothes to enjoy the cool breeze on the skin. We entered the water and sat on the sand where we could enjoy the sea waves comfortably.

We did not realize one more couple came to the beach. They were not aware of our presence too, which we got to now later. They were dropped by another attendant. They settled on the other side of beach. They realized, that we were also on the beach, when they decided to walk on the beach.

They were young married couple. They were talking a stroll on the beach when they came closer to us. We did not see them coming. 

They said, "hello". We were not expecting anyone, we were surprised. We turned around. We saw them close to us. Male was of my height and similar build. He was wearing swimming shorts. Female was curvy. She was wearing halter neck bikini top and matching bottom. 

Myself and my wife were naked in the water. We were half under and half outside water. Wifey's boobs were visible outside water, which they fixated at. They were looking at her but she did not bother covering herself. 

They apologized for intruding in our privacy. They introduced themselves as Tom and Rita. They told us about seeing us and thought of talking to us. We asked them to join us in the water. 

They came inside water and sat next to us. Rita and wife sat close to each other. Me and Tom sat to the either side of girls. We discussed few things to know each other better. All this time wife did not bother covering herself. Tom's eyes were on her boobs most of the time. I even noticed Rita looking at her lot of time. 

After some time, discussion moved to nudity on the beach. Rita asked my wife about the safety of nudity on the beach. In response wife said "You can see me. I am enjoying it." She told them about our earlier visit to the beach and how we spent entire day naked on the beach.

Meanwhile I decided to grab something to drink. I asked Tom if he was interested in something. He came out of the water to accompany me to the freezer. When I got up they both realized that I was also naked. They looked towards me and smiled. I also smiled and moved forward. Tom came along.

We reached to beach freezer to grab drinks. I chose one for myself and offered another to Tom. We started talking about the vacation and about my naked wife. Tom was impressed with her boldness. Tom told me that he wanted her wife and himself to try nudity but unable to gather enough courage. But after meeting us, he was very confident that they would also do it. 

We picked few more drinks for ladies and returned to where they were. To our surprise, we saw Rita also lost all the inhibitions and decided to get rid of her clothes. She was sitting naked next to wifey. Wifey could convince her to get rid of clothes. Her boobs were big enough for her build. Her nipples were very hard. It was very nice to see two naked ladies. 

Tom was spell bounded on seeing Rita naked. He came back to senses only after I called his name. I told him we were all naked and he was the one still wearing shorts. He smiled and happily removed his shorts. 

Now all of us were naked. We were enjoying the cool water. We were talking about lot of things. Tom and Rita told us how much comfortable they were feeling with us. 

We all decided to go little deep in water. We were splashing water on each other. I hold wife from behind. I moved my hands to her boobs and started squeezing them. Looking us, Tom also did the same. 

We moved closer. Rita and wife were facing each other. They hold each other's hands and pulled themselves even closer. They started kissing each other. They were so close that mine and Tom hands touched. I felt Rita's boob on my hand. I moved my hand and replaced one of Tom's hand to take position on Rita's boob. Tom's hand landed on one of wife's boob. 

Both ladies were so much engrossed in kissing they did not notice hand changed. I was squeezing Rita's boob with one hand and wife's boob with other hand. 

After ladies finished their kiss, they did not move from the position. That was the moment when they realized the hand movement. They did not bother. That was a clear indication that all of us enjoying it. 

Wife took the next step. She moved out of the position and moved towards Tom. She held Tom's penis and started stroking it under water. Rita understood it and moved closer to me. She came closer and kissed me. It was very passionate kiss. Our tongue met and explored each other mouth. We both were enjoying our deep kiss. My hands moved over her boobs. I started massaging her boobs while kissing her. 

Tom and wife were also kissing each other. Wife did not let go Tom's penis all this time. I was enjoying Rita's boob. I pinched her nipple, on that she moaned inside my mouth. We were enjoying new happenings. We did not realize that we moved bit more in the deep water. A big wave threw all of us from our feet. We helped each other to come out of the water and laughing loudly. 

We decided to move to shore after that. We were laughing on our dumb act of drowning. We sat down on the towel spread for us. We were talking about our little adventure in water and how it was first time for all of us. 

It was lunch time and our food was ready. Sam and one more of his colleague came for delivery. They did the setup for lunch table and arranged food. All that time we were naked. Rita felt little awkward in front of those guys. But wife said something to her and she became comfortable. After arranging the food, attendants returned. 

After finishing our lunch, we headed to mud pool. Tom and Rita were not aware of that. Wife moved first and lied down on the corner wall of mud pool. She asked Rita to do the same. Both girls were lying naked in the mud pool. I made my move and reached closer to Rita. I started covering Rita with mud. Tom started doing the same to wife. I covered Rita's boobs and her whole body with mud. Same happened to wife and Tom. In return ladies also did the same to us with special attention to the lower part of the body. 

We stayed there until mud was dry. We washed each other in the sea water. We spend good amount of time cleaning each other. I cleaned all the mud from the wife's body. I spend good amount of time cleaning her boobs and pussy. She did same to me. We both reached a level of no return but somehow, we controlled ourselves. 

That was last activity for the day. We returned to hotel. We said goodbye to each other and shared room information with each other. 

Once we entered our room, we literally ripped each other bathing suits. We jumped on the bed and start fucking each other madly. We were horny because of all that happened in the day. We fucked each other like we did first time. We did not realize when we slept after our fucking session. We woke up around dinner time. We kissed each other in bed. We were feeling hungry, so we decided to go for dinner.

In dinner hall, we met Tom and Rita again. It looked like we four were hotel's only guest. We sat together and had dinner. We talked about lot of things, which include sex majorly. I suggested to go for a night swim in the hotels swimming pool. Everyone agreed to that. We decided to meet after an hour near the pool. 

We returned to our room to relax before that. While changing for swimming, wife came up with an idea to swim naked. She brought two bathrobes and asked to wear that without anything underneath. I liked her idea and did as she suggested. We went to the swimming pool to meet Tom and Rita.

Tom and Rita were already there. They were also wearing bathrobes. We exchanged smiles and sat on pool benches. As it was night, one area of pool was lightly lit while one area was totally dark. It was very big pool. There was no one on the pool side, not even hotel attendants. Tom and Rita suggested to move towards dark area. We shifted to dark area of the pool. Tom winked at me in that process which I did not understand initially. 

We settled on the pool benched and ready to enter the pool, we removed our bathrobes. To our surprise Tom and Rita were naked under the robes as well. We were naked again. We had a good laugh on how the idea of swimming naked struck to us. 

We entered the pool. It was warm enough for the weather. We started swimming. After couple of rounds, I hold wife and brought her to the shallow side of the pool. I brought her to the corner of the pool and asked her to rest her hands on the wall the pool. I hold her leg and make her float in the water. I moved myself between her leg. Tom and Rita moved closer to us. I motioned myself and pushed my entire length inside her. Naked swimming and water made it easy to enter her tight pussy. I started with slow and deep motions.

Tom and Rita were watching us. Rita came closer to me and kissed me. We both were kissing each other deeply. I continued stroking wife. Tom moved closer to wife. He held her in arms and kissed her. Once they broke the kiss, Tom positioned his hard penis close to wife's mouth. Wife understood what he wanted and opened her mouth to take Tom's dick in her mouth. Tom's hard dick was thick and big. He slowly pushed his penis inside her mouth. 

Wife was enjoying both of us at the same time. Tom and myself moving in rhythm in the water. Water was helping to make motions very easy. I increased my speed. Meanwhile Rita moved closer to wife's boobs and started sucking and licking them. Attention on the wife, with lot of hands, mouth and penises, brought wife to orgasm in no time. She started cuming hard and loud. She had very powerful orgasm. She moved out towards the pool's boundary. She was exhausted because of all the action and her very strong orgasm. 

Tom and myself were still not done, our dicks were still hard. As soon as my penis came out of wife's pussy Rita grabbed it and started sucking it. Tom came behind her, lifted her out of water and pushed his hard penis inside her from behind. We were fucking Rita together. Tom was pushing with deep strokes. She was deepthroating me. 

We all reached to our pinnacle together. First Rita had orgasm. Then Tom and I emptied our loads inside her. 

I felt satisfied with all the action happened. We stayed in pool to relax for some time. We kissed each other's wife. We explored each other one last time for the night. We promised to meet again and to go around Goa together. 

We said, "Good night" and returned to rooms. We fall asleep as soon as we were on bed. 

We slept hard for next adventure and next day.