 I met Gary through an online website about men who like to share their wives. We corresponded for awhile and I found out that his wife Trish loved to take on multiple guys at a time or even several guys in the same night. I loved doing that too and told him that I was part of a group of guys that did that on a regular basis.

Gary and I talked about setting something up for his wife as a surprise. I knew from talking to Gary that she had done 3 guys at a time one night and another time she did 5 in one night one on one. Gary and I talked about setting something up where she would be gangbanged by him and I and 5 or 6 other guys simultaneously. 

I started working to set it up and kept Gary in the loop. After a few weeks I had everything set up and let Gary know. We decided to meet in a hotel that was in a convenient location for everyone involved and I reserved 2 suites with an adjoining door. Gary and I decided that since this whole thing would be a surprise for Trish all Gary told her was that they were going to meet a guy he had met through the website they frequent for a night of fun.

I met Trish and Gary in the hotel lounge and we sat and talked for awhile having a few drinks and getting to know each other so Trish was comfortable with the situation. After a few rounds of drinks everyone was pretty loose and relaxed and the conversation inevitably turned to sex. We talked about likes and dislikes, fantasies, and real life experiences. Gary and I could tell that Trish was getting pretty hot so he suggested that we move the party up to the suite. 

By the time we got to the room Trish was getting pretty wild and as soon as the door closed she turned and grabbed both Gary and I by the crotch and gave both of us a long passionate kiss. Gary left us to get better aquatinted and went to fix a us all a few more drinks while Trish and I continued to kiss and caress each other. I asked Trish to take her clothes off in a sexy striptease and I sat on the bed and Gary settled into a chair by the bed to watch the show. Trish very sexily removed her clothes and teased both Gary and I while she did it.

Trish is 44 but she still has a great body and nice set of 38C's. After she was totally naked I stood behind her and kissed on her neck as I rubbed my hands all over her body. I whispered in her ear as I asked her if she were ready for anything tonight. She breathlessly replied yes and I went to my bag in the corner of the room and retrieved a blindfold I had in it. She asked what that was and I just said it's a little something to make the evening more exciting. She smiled and laughed a little and told me to go ahead and put it on her. After it was on and I checked to make sure she couldn't see anything I gave her another deep kiss and caress and then turned to Gary and said I think she's ready. 

Gary stood up and came over to Trish kissed her and then asked if she was ready to live out a fantasy of theirs. Trish was so hot and horny that she eagerly said yes without hesitation. We then led Trish to the other suite through the adjoining door where my 5 friends were waiting. Gary told Trish that she was now standing in a room with several men and if she was up for living out a fantasy he would love for her to have sex with them all right here and now. Trish didn't say anything at first but her breathing got a lot heavier and faster and after a minute she just said Ok, I'll do it. 

The guys and I then surrounded her and started making comments about how hot she looked and how we are all getting hard from looking at her naked body. We then started rubbing our hands all over Trish's body, feeling her breasts, and caressing her ass. I asked her to spread her legs, which she did, and then we all rubbed and fingered her pussy and ass. 

I can tell that Trish is getting really turned on by being felt up by all of these strangers and not knowing who they are. I say to Trish that it's time to find out how well she sucks cock and I put my hand on her shoulder and gently guide her to her knees. I know she can feel the naked flesh all around her and I'm the first to place my cock at her mouth. Trish immediately opens wide and starts sucking my nice hard cock.

Trish goes from cock to cock sucking for all she's worth until she takes a few loads of cum down her throat. One of the guys who hasn't cum yet says he wants to fuck her and he guides her down onto all fours. Trish continues to suck cock as the first cock of the night is pushed into her pussy from behind. He starts to fuck her hard and also sticks a finger in her ass at the same time.

He fucks Trish for several minutes and then I hear him say he's going to cum. Trish has her first orgasm of the night as the guy pumps his cum into her pussy. Right after that the cock in her mouth shoots more cum down her throat. This goes on for awhile, we just keep switching off Gary included, either fucking her mouth or fucking her pussy from behind.

Finally Gary switches off with the next guy in line and pushes his cock into her ass and Trish orgasms so hard that she nearly passes out. When she regains her senses we pull her up off the floor and move to the bed. One of the guys lays on the bed and we guide Trish over him so she is straddling him with his cock in her pussy and Gary comes up behind her and slides his cock back in her ass. 

Trish is still in kind of a daze but she is moaning continuously and loudly until one of the guys climbs up on the bed and leans back on the headboard and puts his cock in Trish's mouth. She now has 3 cocks in her and she is going wild thrashing around and sucking and fucking for all she it worth. They fuck her for a while until the guy in her ass gets tired, so he moves out of the way so another one could take his place. This went on long enough for everyone to get a turn in her ass and the ones in her pussy and mouth switched out a few times too. 

It was getting late now, we had been going for a few hours now and everyone was about fucked out by this time. I told everyone who thought they could cum again to line up and take your last shot. Trish was on the bed half sitting up, moaning, and alternating between rubbing her pussy and 38C breasts. One of the guys climbed on the bed with her, pushed her back, and asked to spread her legs. 

Trish laid back and he slid his cock into her pussy. He fucked her hard and fast while one of the other guys moved up and put his cock in her mouth. Trish sucked and fucked them both enthusiastically, moaning, bucking her hips, and meeting them stroke for stoke. I wasn't sure how she did it, her pussy had to be sore from all of the cock she was getting and her jaw had to be getting tired from all of the sucking, but she wildly kept on going.

Trish seemed to be in some kind of suck and fuck trance and it seemed the harder the guys pounded into her the more she loved it. The two guys in her came at the same time and Trish did her best to swallow his load as the other guy finished up and pulled out of her well used pussy. When those two were done two more climbed on her and this continued until everyone had come one more time, including both Gary and I.

Gary took Trish back to the other room as the guys got dressed and I saw them off. When I went into the other room Trish was on the bed with Gary, the blindfold was off and they both had big smiles on their faces. We had another drink and they both thanked me for setting up this fantasy for them. I said that it was my pleasure. I said that Trish was very hot and if they ever wanted to do it again I would be more than happy to set it up.

We were all very tired now, I thanked Gary and Trish for a great night and excused myself to the other room for some well needed sleep.