 By 7:00 pm I was finished showering, and quickly took to the task of getting decked out for the evening. Sliding the black slacks over my boxer briefs, I reached up and retrieved the white button up shirt from the hanger. Once dressed, I finished combing my hair and put on a small amount of cologne, declaring myself ready for whatever Samantha and Kelly could throw at me.

Samantha was the reserved one of the two friends, usually the voice of reason when we were on the brink of trouble in the past. She was a pretty girl with fair skin, long black hair and a nice body. She wore glasses that gave her a "librarian" look, which in itself was always good for a fantasy or impure thought. We had slept together numerous times in the past, she was a very good lover who shed the innocent image once behind locked doors.

Kelly was somewhat of a crazy girl, and she’d be the first to tell you so. She was wild, liked to live life fast and never met a challenge she didn’t like. She was attractive, in her mid 20’s, with short, curly, brown hair and a smile that could kill you. Her pretty face was so soft and inviting, many times I’d looked into her eyes in the past and felt a slight tug on my heart. We never would work together on a full time basis, we were cut from different molds and she was too much of a party girl to settle down with, but that didn’t keep us from having an on and off ‘fuck buddy’ relationship.

By 7:30 I pulled off the highway and wove through the backstreets to Samantha’s apartment. Pulling in I could see Kelly’s car there already. Parking and making my way up the two flights of stairs, I knocked on the door. Samantha opened it and greeted me with a smile.

"Hi," I said with a grin, "You look great."

Pausing a moment to blush, she replied back, "Hey Sexy, you look pretty damn good yourself."

We entered inside the apartment where I could hear Kelly banging around in the kitchen and letting out a few choice four letter words. Leaning over and sticking my head around the corner, I saw her pouring a few drinks. 

"Hi Kelly," I said, staring over her sexy form in a skirt.

Looking over she smiled, "Hey sexy, are you ready to party?"

She bore almost a look of evil when she said that, terribly inviting none the less. "Hell yes I’m ready to party," the only reasonable answer I thought. Just when I was about to ask her how she’s been, Samantha grabbed ahold of my hand and yanked me into the living room.

Wrapping her arms around my waist, she gazed up at me with her pretty brown eyes and asked in a southern accent, "Where have you been hiding, I’ve been missing you."

"Been busy at work…you know?" I offered as the only explanation. She bit her bottom lip in a seductive look, and running a finger down my chest she replied, "All work and no play make’s Christian a dull boy…you know?"

With a quick look and a few brief words, she already had my blood boiling. Looking down into her eyes, we both leaned forward and our lips met with a fiery aggression. Our mouths parted quickly and our tongues began indulging in the taste of each other.

Pulling back and running her tongue across her lips, she let out a moan of approval, "mmmmmmmmmmm". Still staring at each other in what probably appeared like an erotic moment, we were interrupted when Kelly walked in with the drinks.

"All right you two, we have all night," she said in a joking tone. Taking the rum and coke she handed me, I smiled in appreciation. Grabbing a seat on the couch, Kelly sat down next to me while Samantha put a movie in. Grabbing a blanket and sitting on the other side of me, she proudly looked over at me and proclaimed that, "it was chick flick night " and I should ready myself with a box of Kleenex.

Covering the three of us up with the blanket, our attentions turned to the movie for the next hour, breaking away only to refill the drinks. Shortly after the second movie started, about the time I was on my sixth or seventh drink, I felt both of the girls snuggling a lot closer, mixing in some friendly body contact.

I could feel Samantha’s warm breath on my neck, followed seconds later by the feel of her tongue tracing light circles. I sat perfectly still, gazing forward at the movie and trying to contain the building energy within me. She continued this light tongue play on my neck and around my ear for a few minutes, by which time the fire had been started. I felt her hands fumbling with the buttons on my pants, an activity that didn’t go unnoticed for long.

About the time her hand dove under the waistband of my boxer briefs, I felt Kelly’s breath on my neck, a prelude to her lightly biting on my ear. The blood rushed through me at record rate, my senses perked and my body felt in a state of heightened alert. 

I felt Samantha’s hand take hold of my cock and began rubbing and pulling on it, her warm, skilled fingers quickly made me hard. Turning towards Kelly, our eyes locked and lips met. Her tongue attacked mine, our lips softly meeting time and time again.


Pulling away from the kiss with Kelly, I turned to look at Samantha adjusting her position on the couch. I stared with deep anticipation as she lowered her head towards my lap, and more importantly my throbbing cock. After a few playful licks, she stared up and smiled. A moment later her lips slipped over the head of me, engulfing my manhood into the warm confines of her mouth.

The surrender to Samantha’s oral skills was punctuated with a long moan that escaped my chest. I watched her swallow me time and time again, she looked like a natural and played the slut role better than most. Her eyes shifted from mine to the task before her, then back to mine. Kelly’s fingers were strafing across my chest, pausing to pinch my nipples and weave through the hair. Glancing over at her, I could see her eyes intently watching Samantha suck my cock, and knew this was turning her on something fierce. 

Glancing over at me, she caught me watching her and brought her face to mine. Stopping short of kissing me, she lightly ran her tongue over my lips and down my neck, then retraced her trail. My mouth parted and my tongue retrieved hers, and engaged it for several seconds in some light flicking. By this time, Samantha was deeply entranced in sucking my cock, guiding the way with long strokes of her hand.

Sliding my hand up the short skirt Kelly was wearing, I could feel the temperature rise the closer I got. Her skin was incredibly soft, her legs parted slightly as I reached her panty line. Running my fingers across the thin strip of material, I could feel how soaked and warm she was. Sliding the material aside, my fingers began to explore her. A slick, wetness welcomed me, and instantly my fingers were guiding themselves in and out of her sex. 

We continued this routine for several minutes, my fingers fucking away at Kelly’s pussy while Samantha continued to suck me off. The verbal antics were beginning to fly, Samantha pausing and adding, "God I love sucking your cock." After which she quickly resumed her activity. Six simple words that made my heart swell, and I knew she was telling the truth.

By now Kelly was dying to be fucked, whispering in my ear that she wanted me to "fuck her silly". Withdrawing my cock from Samantha’s mouth, I instructed her to lay down on the couch. She quickly obliged, spreading her legs wide and wasting no time in sending her fingers slowly rubbing along her clit.

Walking up behind Kelly, my arms darted around her waist and slid up her stomach to her breasts. Softly massaging them in my hands, my fingers lightly grazed over the tops of her nipples, pausing to pinch them lightly. My face nuzzled in the back of her neck, my body pressed tightly against hers. My hard cock was pressed between her ass and my lower stomach, beckoning to invade her.

Looking over her shoulder I could see Samantha’s naked body twitching about, her mouth moaning as her fingers continued to thrust in and out of her sopping pussy. Kelly gazed forward as well, and leaning my mouth to her ear, I whispered, "I want to see you eat her pussy while I fuck you." The thought alone had my heart racing, the fact I had just requested it and was likely to see compliance was exhilarating.

Bending over she knelt down beside the couch, her tight ass providing a beautiful foreground for Samantha’s orgasmic faces. Sam wasted no time, taking hold of Kelly’s head and pulling it into her starving pussy. An "Oh fuck Yes," let me know Kelly’s tongue had found Samantha’s clit.

Moving in behind Kelly, I knelt down and inched up close to her. Taking hold of my cock, I guided it to her entrance, and easily slid inside, forcing a prolonged moan from her mouth. Her lips were stretched tightly around my swollen girth, and gripped on tight as I withdrew for another assault. Her sex glistened off my hardened member for a split second, before I slowly buried it into her again.

After several moments we had a good rhythm going, I was hammering away on Kelly’s backside, the sounds of my torso slapping against her ass easily heard. Samantha was moaning up a fucking storm, continuously looking up at me with the look of the devil in her eyes and faces straining to cum.

My eyes shifted downward to watch my manhood stuff back inside of Kelly time and time again. This girl knew how to fuck, she didn’t just sit there. Despite the fact that Sam’s pussy in her mouth could have easily distracted her, she maintained a vigorous grinding pattern with her hips, meeting each thrust of mine, By this time both of the girls were moaning loudly, Kelly’s a little more muffled than Samantha’s.

I looked up at Samantha again and watched her fingers tweaking her nipples, her mouth alternating between gasps and moans and her hips continuously driving into Kelly’s face. I could tell from her body language she was close to cumming, something she confirmed seconds later.

"Oh god Kelly, keep that up and I’m gonna cum," was all the incentive Kelly needed to began licking over Sam’s clit in a quickened pace. 

Samantha’s body began lightly shaking and a strained look blanketed her face. With her mouth open and low moans escaping, she unleashed a powerful orgasm, "Oh fuck, Oh fuck I’m gonna cum."

Kelly never let up for a second, continuing to bury her face in Samantha’s pussy and tasting her juices as they gushed from within. I slowed my strokes and started fucking Kelly with long, slow and deliberate strokes, pausing each time I was completely inside of her for a moment of animalistic grinding.

Running my fingers across her backside, I gently pressed one inside of her ass which immediately forced a profound gasp from her mouth. For a few seconds I pressed in and pulled out, slowly fucking her ass with my finger, my cock still stuffed inside of her.

After a few moments I achieved a good rhythm and began violating her in the slutty way she wanted me to. Her mouth pulled away from Samantha, her hands firmly grabbing hold of the couch. Glancing over her shoulder at me, she managed to blurt out a "fuck yes," through clinched teeth.

By this time, Samantha sat up with a completely worn out look on her face, her hair was a mess but she was still sexy as hell. She brought her mouth to Kelly’s skin and within seconds had her breasts in her mouth. Continuing to thrust in and out, I watched Sam’s skilled tongue lick across Kelly’s erect nipples, taking them between her lips and lightly sucking on them. Apparently this was more than enough to push her across the threshold, as within seconds she announced her orgasm with a series of moans, grunts and "fuck ya’s."

Withdrawing my cock from Kelly’s pussy, my hand began stroking up and down the length of it, my eyes focused on the target before me, Kelly’s ass. In a matter of seconds I felt a surge of heat and my body clinched tight. Seconds later my sticky load spilled out all over Kelly’s ass, dripping down between her legs.

After a few moments of catching my breath, Samantha grabbed her shirt and began cleaning up Kelly’s ass. My cock still hard, I fell back on the floor.