 My girlfriend Stefanie had told me that her friend Jessica, a massage therapist, thinks I'm "cute," and that she'd obliquely broached the subject of the three of us having some fun. When Stef told me this, I agreed cautiously, but enthusiastically. Stef seemed less certain...but said ok because she knew I wanted it, and that sex with two women had always been a special fantasy of mine.

On the weekend, I invited the ladies over for drinks and "movies." We all knew what the purpose of this visit was...but everyone pretended it was just another Saturday night, getting together with friends. 

I was keyed up, excited, and very much looking forward to what would surely be an exciting evening of sexual exploration. The girls, on the other hand, were nervous, cagey, and tense. 

In order to take the edge off the tension, I ushered both of them in with a friendly smile, and poured them each a glass of wine. As I busied myself in the kitchen, preparing some hors d'oeuvres, they sat down on the couch and made sporadic attempts at conversation with each other.

I bring in a tray of snacks, then my own glass of red wine, and sit down in an easy chair facing the couch. As we eat and sip, Stef and Jessica begin to loosen up. Jessica, especially, has begun to relax, and I can see a telltale gleam in her eye. She's Stef's good friend, but is admittedly bi-sexual, and has had her eye on Stef for awhile now. She is getting over the initial weirdness of the situation, and starting to warm to the idea of what might happen between the three of us.

I refresh drinks. I notice that Stefanie is gulping her wine...drinking her courage. That's alright with me, as she is loosening up and starting to laugh at my jokes. I notice approvingly the deep v of her neckline, and that she's wearing a push-up bra. Her long dark hair is loose tonight, and frames her oval face and olive skin fetchingly. Jess, a petite blonde, is wearing a skirt without nylons, and crosses and uncrosses her tanned legs restlessly as she chats. I cast a surreptitious look at her chest...and see the faint outline of her erect nipples through the thin fabric of her shirt. Hmmm, I think to myself. This is going to be a good evening.

The conversation has finally begun to flow naturally, and Jess tucks a leg under her as she gets more comfy on the couch. From where I'm sitting, this gives me an easy view of her black lace panties. I wonder if Jess knows this...and then laugh inwardly. Of course she does. 

Stefanie yawns and stretches, rolling her head from shoulder to shoulder. It's been a long week, and she's confessed that work had been very stressful. Jess says, "Well, silly, let me take care of that tension. You know I have good hands." She proffers them for Stef's appraisal. Stef looks dubious, suddenly shy again. But then she says "Why not?" and turns her back, piling her hair up into a clip so that Jessica can massage her neck.

Ah, I think to myself. It's finally begun. I can feel the stirrings of an erection, and watch eagerly as Jess begins to stroke Stef's neck with her talented masseuse's hands.

As the massage gets deeper, the stress of Stef's week begins to melt away. She leans unconsciously back, closer to Jessica, and moans softly with pleasure. My cock is fully erect now, and throbbing with desire. It's my turn to gulp wine. Jessica sees this, opens her legs a little wider, and winks at me. Her hands have moved down to stroke Stef's arms, up and down, then back up and around to the chest, to massage just under her collarbone. 

"Shawn?" Jessica says.

I start, jolted out of my sexual reverie. "Hmmm...?"

"My muscles are actually pretty tight, too. No one ever massages the massage therapist! Would you mind just a teeny little neck rub?" She then leans toward Stef's ear and whispers "Relax, you're really loosening up, and I can keep doing this while he rubs my neck..."

Stefanie slumps back toward Jess again, allowing the pleasure to continue. I stand up and move to the couch, holding my hands self-consciously in front of my crotch. I know it's apparent that I'm as hard a rock.

My hands move Jessica's silky blonde hair out of the way. I begin to stroke her cool skin, and breathe in the smell of her perfume. It's warm and exotic. 

The massages continue silently for the next few minutes, the only sound in the room the soft jazz playing on the stereo, and our breathing. Suddenly I hear Stef gasp softly. A peek confirms that Jess has slipped her hands lower on Stef's chest, and grazed lightly Stef's erect nipples. She moves her hands lightly in circles over Stefanie's breasts, just barely brushing the nipples, which are straining now through the fabric of her shirt. 

I know that this is the moment that will make or break this evening, and realize that I'm holding my breath, saying a little prayer that Stef will allow it. Then Jess cups Stefanie's breasts in her hands, and Stef moans out loud. Oh thank God, I think. It's really going to happen!

Dropping her mouth to Stef's shoulder, Jessica places a light kiss on her skin. I slip my hands around Jess's sides and cup her breasts. To my amazement I realize she is braless. Her nipples are hard, and as I roll them between my thumb and finger, Jessica, too, begins to breathe harder. 

After a few minutes of this tantalizing play, Stef suddenly stands up. "Shall we move to the bedroom? I think we'll be more comfortable in there." My mouth drops open as she pulls her shirt over her head and hooks the waistband of her shorts, letting them fall to the floor. She looks slightly nervous, but flushed with arousal. Jessica stands, too, and as she slides out of her skirt and her top, she drops a wet, lingering kiss on the swell of Stef's breast. Then she turns to me and holds out her hand.

"Are you coming with us? I think we're going to need what you have in those now very tight pants of yours."

I stand so quickly I nearly fall over, and together Stef and Jess step toward me, one of them unbuckling my belt and undoing the snap of my jeans, the other pulling my shirt over my head. As I step out of my jeans, the women run their hands over my chest and back. Stef then steps toward me, drops her hand to my bulging crotch, and fondles my cock as she gives me a long, lingering, open-mouthed kiss. While I am kissing her, Jess steps behind Stef and runs her hands over Stef's ass, stroking her cheeks through her panties, then lower, stroking the silky fabric of her panties covering her pussy. 

The three of us break apart and stumble eagerly toward the bedroom, all of us now fully aroused. I kiss Stef again, deeply, and unhook her bra, letting her breasts spring free. My hands are on her breasts as I turn to kiss Jessica, my tongue thrusting into her mouth. Jess takes the waistband of my shorts, and as she pulls them down my body, she sinks to her knees in front of me. My cock is standing out stiff and hard, and as I continue to fondle Stef's breasts, Jess kisses my balls lightly, then runs her lips and tongue across the head of my cock. 

But as quickly as she began, she then turns to Stefanie, and, still kneeling, pulls Stef's silk panties off her body. Planting a kiss on Stef's damp bush, and placing her hands on Stef's hips, she pushes her back onto the bed. Stef sprawls there, unable to move as I spread her legs open and Jessica dips her head to taste Stef's nectar. Stef is very wet, and her clit is swollen and engorged. She is panting as Jess tongues her. Jessica then turns to me and kisses me full on, her tongue meeting mine. I can taste my girlfriend's pussy on Jessica's mouth, and this almost puts me over the top. To slow my arousal, I sit back and just watch Jessica work Stefanie over. Stef is moaning and thrusting her hips toward Jess's face. Jess grabs Stef's hips and pulls her pussy closer, until her face is almost buried in it. 

For my part, I am enjoying watching Jess's ass bob as she dives into Stef. Her legs are spread wide and I can see that she's very wet, too. An idea occurs to me; I step behind her, placing my hands on her ass cheeks. As Jessica licks Stefanie's pussy, I feed my cock into Jessica's pussy. It slides in easily, and Jessica lets out a surprised moan. I pump her as she is licking Stef, and feel more aroused than I've ever been. 

Suddenly Stef's breathing changes...becomes more ragged, and I know that she's close to orgasm. Jess, whose hips are bucking back against my groin, continues to energetically eat Stefanie out, until with cries of "Yes...yes...oooohhhh..." Stef comes violently. 

As Stef lies panting on the bed, enjoying the aftershocks of her orgasm, Jess slides off my cock and turns toward me. She indicates that I should lay down on the bed. I do so, next to Stef, wondering what pleasure will come next. 

"Stef, are you alright? How do you feel now?" Jess asks, stroking Stef's hair back from her damp forehead.

"Oh, God, that was so good. Such a strong orgasm..." Stef's voice is still breathy, but her breathing has calmed.

"Well, then I think it's Shawn's turn now. He's been a good boy, and deserves a little bit of pampering, too. What do you say, Stef?"

Sitting up, Stefanie looks at me, then at Jess, and gives a resolute nod. "Yes, I think it's definitely Shawn's turn." She leans over to kiss me fully on the mouth, then gives Jess's wet pussy an almost-absent caress. Taking her hand, she pulls Jess toward my raging hard-on. 

With a groan of happy anticipation, I watch as Stef and Jess begin to lick, kiss, and suck my cock. While Stefanie runs her tongue up and down the length of the shaft, Jess busies herself sucking each of my balls, in turn. Her hands stroking up and down my legs, Jess then moves up and takes the head into her mouth. She swirls her tongue around it, appreciating how my breathing increases when she does that. Stefanie is meanwhile stroking the shaft and my balls. When Jess takes her mouth off my cock, it's Stefanie's turn to suck me. Her mouth creates a delectable suction, as her tongue teases the sensitive head. Then, releasing it, Stef looks up to find Jessica's face next to hers. The two women kiss, lightly at first, then deeply, their tongues licking each other, their hands still on my cock and balls. 

I am feeling like it can't get any better or more intense, when both girls begin licking my hard-on together. Jess is holding the shaft up straight, and two tongues are lapping at me like I was a delicious popsicle. Their tongues swirl alternately over the head of my penis, and into each other's mouths. One strokes my skin while the other massages my balls and they continue to lick, suck and stimulate me. 

I've finally reached my boiling point, and Jess diplomatically steps back and allows Stef to take my -- her boyfriend's -- cock fully, deeply in her mouth and move with me until I shoot my full load of hot cum into her mouth. I am yelling, crying out with my orgasm, as I pump my load into Stefanie. I then collapse, spent, and wait for my breathing to slow.

As Stef and I lie there, Jessica has sat up against the headboard of the bed, and with head thrown back and eyes closed, is fingering herself, touching her clit. Poor Jess is the only one who hasn't yet come. Stef and I look at each other. That wouldn't be polite.

Stefanie lays down between Jessica's legs, and gently pulls her fingers aside. She begins to lick Jess's pussy, paying special attention to her swollen clit. I am still slightly astounded that my sweet girlfriend is doing this...even knows HOW to do this. But I watch, entranced as Stef's head bobs between Jessica's legs, and Jessica wriggles and pants with pleasure. 

Stefanie's ass is pointed enticingly at the ceiling. I'm getting my second wind, and feel my cock reviving. I can hardly resist it...that sweet ass is just too tempting. Smack! I spank Stef soundly. She jumps, startled, and Jessica's eyes fly open. Whack! I hit her again with my open hand, a little harder. Both women moan, apparently appreciating the sight of me disciplining this naughty little slut. 

While Stefanie's tongue is busily stroking Jess's hard clit, I smack Stefanie several more times. Each time elicits a cry of mingled pain and pleasure. I can see how red her cheeks are from the spanking. Picking up the massage oil from the bedside table, I pour a palmful into my hand, and begin to massage Stef's poor, tender cheeks. The oil is soothing, and she begins to relax. 

Then my eyes meet Jessica's over Stef, and she watches as I drizzle oil into the cleft between Stef's cheeks. It trickles down her ass, and my finger follows. Gently, I touch her butt. She tenses, but then opens her legs a bit wider. Jessica, who is still very much enjoying having her pussy eaten out by Stefanie, is riveted on the sight of me, massaging Stefanie's "back door." I run my finger gently around the rim of her anus, and she starts to move her ass, thrusting back toward me. I can see that she likes this. Maybe she'll like something else, too.

Leaning forward, I part Stef's ass cheeks, and plant a light kiss there. Both women gasp – Stef from the unexpected eroticism of my touch, Jess from the amazing visual. I kiss her again, then dare to swirl my tongue, increasing the taboo...yet incredible...sensation. As I continue to kiss and lick her ass, Stefanie thrusts a hand between her legs and begins masturbating as she pants. Jessica's breathing has grown ragged, and she is tensing for what will surely be an explosive orgasm. 

Stef is bucking so wildly I can hardly keep your mouth on her, and Jessica, too, has begun gyrating her hips in tempo with Stefanie's licking. Finally, my mouth on Stef's ass, and Stef's mouth on Jess's pussy put both women over the edge. Nearly simultaneously they climax, screaming and panting with the incredible sensations.

The three of us lie there in a puddle of limbs, panting. After a few moments, Jess looks over at me, and notices my cock is still stiff. 

"Hmmm...perhaps we need to start all over again...?" 

Stefanie laughs incredulously, then takes Jess's breast in her left hand, and my cock in her right. 

"Yes," she answers. "There are still so many things I want to do to you two...and have you do to me..."