 Lady Carolyn drained the remaining liquid from the fragile glass in her hand, and set it down on one of the many side tables that lined the walls of the great hall. She didn't know exactly what Cook used to create the brightly coloured punch that they served on such occasions, but it was definitely starting to take effect. "Good," she thought to herself, "then tonight is definitely the night." She turned slowly around and surveyed the room from behind her mask. 

Most of the recently installed electric lamps were now off, but the crystals from the chandeliers sparkled and shone with the light from the candles, which were now being lit by the remaining servants. Some guests were talking in small groups, many were dancing closely in pairs and a few were finishing the last of the punch; all wore the same simple, near identical black mask. In the distance, the grand clock gently chimed the hour. The all important hour. The hour that separated the regular guest from the more 'amenable' guest. 

While the early part of the evening was much like any other ball in a household of this stature, the latter part had a reputation for careless flirtations and brief liaisons in dark corners. Nothing too sexual, that would be pushing the social boundaries too far, more a stolen seductive kiss in a dark corner, or maybe, between particularly adventurous strangers a quick glancing touch under the many layers of silk and satin. Of course, none of these noble people would ordinarily engage in such sordid activities, but somehow the magic of the mask, the anonymising master of the event, changed the rules. Hidden behind a mask, the secretly wanton can be whoever they wish to be, and be with whomever they choose. 

Lady Carolyn quietly and carefully weaved her way through the pairs of people slowly dancing in the centre of the room and made her way to the large double doors which led out of the hall, towards the grand staircase. The hallway was even darker than the great hall, now only lit by the flames in the huge fireplace at the foot of the sweeping staircase. She noted the shadowy figures already lurking in the darkened corners, and imagined what minor acts of fantasy were being acted out between the newly-mets. She trod lightly over to the staircase and tip-toed up the stone steps, as if trying to be weightless, creating as little noise as possible. As she reached the first floor Lady Carolyn stole a look behind her, and, sure enough someone was striding through the darkness towards the foot of the staircase. She smiled, turned towards the landing again and crept towards her usual spot, a short way along the upper hallway. To the untrained eye it was just another section of panelled wall, but if you knew where to look you would find the handle that opened the door to the hidden servants' corridor. Lady Carolyn carefully laid her delicate embroidered handkerchief on the floor outside before stepping through the door and quietly closing it behind her, leaving just a slither of dim firelight down the edge of the frame. 

She waited and listened. The darkness was so complete in the corridor that any light from outside was immediately engulfed in the blackness and she couldn't see anything. She listened hard but could only hear her own shallow breaths, a mixture of the fast tip-toeing, a very tight corset and her expectation of what was to come. Then she heard the steps, slow but not in any way trying to be covert or subtle; these steps were meant to be heard. They steadily got nearer until they must have been just outside the hidden door, whereupon the footsteps stopped. Something, or more rightly someone was now blocking that slither of light. Whoever it was crouched down, paused and then slowly stood upright again. She wanted to be found, but somehow she didn't dare breathe for fear of making a noise. Then door started to slowly creek open. 

Lady Carloyn turned her back and quickly retreated a couple of steps down the corridor, where, if possible it seemed even darker. This was the sort of darkness you feel you have to almost push your way through. She heard the door close behind her and then silence. Still she held her breath. Whoever it was behind her was now treading very carefully, their footsteps making the tiniest noise on the bare floorboards as they approached. Carolyn could hear her own heart pumping loudly underneath her bodice as the quiet steps stopped just behind her. She stood, frozen to the spot, waiting for the first touch. Then it came. 

Two strong hands grasped either side of her waist, and Lady Carolyn finally let out her breath in one go, resulting in a soft cry. The grip was firm, steady and motionless. They both simply stood there, as if this new connection was all they needed, Carolyn enjoying the warmth radiating from the two hands on her side. Finally the fingers started to move, rubbing her waist in small circles, massaging through the layers of her bodice. The hands moved slowly up Carolyn's waist, passed the side of her breasts until they were under her arms. She felt the upwards pressure inviting her to lift them and she duly did so, raising them straight above her head. The hands continued tracing their path up along her arms, and Carolyn felt fingers grip tight around her own hands. They pulled upwards stretching her arms and lifting her onto her toes - whoever it was that stood behind her was certainly strong. A warmth filled Carolyn and unknown to her assailant she smiled an almost imperceptible smile. 

Being Lady Carolyn meant always behaving with propriety, always being well presented and always being the one in command, second only to her husband of course. Sometimes she just wished she could not be Lady Carolyn for a while, and now looked like one of those times. After all, Sir Robert had decided not to come to the ball, apparently he and Thomas had "business to attend to" this evening, so why shouldn't she have a little fun? Anyway, she wasn't Lady Carolyn tonight; tonight she was wearing a mask, and was now 'anyone'. 

One hand held firm but the other released its grip on hers and she felt finger tips weave their way down her arm. They carried on down her side to her waist, then changed direction and moved around to her front. They paused for a moment before drawing a line straight up her belly, between her breasts and up towards her neck, whereupon they stopped. Carolyn felt the hand change shape as it cupped her neck lifting her head back a little; it wasn't gripping hard, not in any way painful but just enough to stop her moving. With her arms held above her head and this strong hand on her neck, Carolyn now felt very vulnerable. She'd quietly fumbled with many masked strangers at their gatherings, but something about this one was certainly different. He was more confident than most, and his touch was much stronger than any previous companions. 

The hand around her neck loosened its grip and slipped down onto her chest laying flat on her décolletage. She knew that they must be able to feel her heart beat, which was now so strong that she felt it might split her bodice. After what felt like an eternity the hand of the stranger slowly slipped further down into the front of her dress, where it came to rest, cupping her right breast. Carolyn took a sharp intake of breath. She was sure this was want she wanted, to be touched and commanded, but subservience wasn't something she was used to. She tried to relax and pushed out her chest a little, hoping to indicate her approval, and invite maybe a little more. They took the hint and started softly massaging her breast. She could feel her nipple rubbing against the palm of the hand, and as it rubbed she could feel it tightening and growing. Fingers gently rounded her nipple and softly pulled, stretching her breast a little. 

The grip around her hands softened and Carolyn felt fingers stroke down the outside of her arm. They travelled the full length of her arm, down her side, past her waist and came to rest on her hip. They paused for a moment, allowing the hand on her breast to start massaging again, before gradually slipping further down onto her leg. One finger traced small circles on the outside of her thigh, then as if gaining momentum this stranger's hand left its orbit and drifted around her leg towards her bottom. It moved around to the small of her back, then flowed down over the fullness of her behind. Even through the layers of her clothing she could feel the heat of this unknown guest on her skin. The hand on her buttock lightly massaged, gripping and releasing while circling the breadth of her arse, caressing as if her dress wasn't even there; but it was, and Carolyn was starting to wish it wasn't. 

The strangers hand ceased its massaging and wandered once more, rounding her waist and rising up, over the front of her bodice. It slipped smoothly down into her dress and rounded her other breast. Both hands gripped and pulled her back, pinning her against the person behind, and now both sets of fingers gently pulled at her nipples, again stretching her breasts a little inside her top. Carolyn still had her arms in the air and she flinched as she felt a pair of lips on her exposed neck; her associate paused. Carolyn hadn't meant to recoil, it was just a little unexpected. To offer a little encouragement she tipped her head away slightly. Nothing happened for a moment, then she felt the lips again, as they kissed her softly on her bare skin. Carolyn closed her eyes, enjoying the soft touch on her neck, and the light tugging at her nipples; this was fabulous, just what she needed. Well, maybe not just what she needed, but it was a good start. She stood there for a while, relishing the attention, wondering how far this stranger would go. Indeed, wondering how far she would let them go, even she wasn't completely sure. Something she was sure of was how deliciously naughty this felt. Being touched by a complete stranger, who she couldn't even see, in a pitch-black corridor of her own house. Carolyn felt the tiniest little shiver of excitement run through her, and that lovely warm feeling between her legs - warm and undeniably a little damp. She smiled, lost in the moment. 

The kisses ceased and one hand was removed from her bodice. It travelled slowly down her side, past her waist, and came to rest on the outside of her thigh. It paused briefly before gradually slipping around to the front of thigh, where it tried to push its way between her closed legs. Carolyn kept her legs firmly together, not allowing them to be parted so easily. "I'm not going to give in that easily," she thought to herself, even though it was taking all her will power to keep her legs closed. Again the fingers tried to slide their way between her thighs, but Carolyn kept them resolutely together. There was a short pause before the stranger tried to prise open her legs a third time, still with no success. Carolyn was feeling more than a little wicked, and her wry smile broadened. The hand removed itself from her thigh and the other stopped pulling at her nipple, then started to withdraw from her dress. This was not part of the plan. 

Carolyn realised she had gone too far, playing hard-to-get had crossed over to unavailable and she knew she needed to act quickly. She lowered her arms and grabbed the hand on her breast, pinning it firmly in place. She then reached around behind her and grasped the stranger's other hand, it was large and warm, and the skin felt a little rough. It definitely belonged to a man, which was more information about her friend than she'd previously had. She wrapped her fingers around his and pulled his hand back around her front. While still grasping his hand she reached down and gathered up her dress and underskirts and placed his digits in their previous resting place at the entrance to her thighs. Carolyn spread her legs a little and placed his hand over her vulva, pressing it encouragingly against her underwear. She held it there for a moment, then when she was sure it would stay she let go of both hands. Neither moved for a moment, but then both sprung into life, one caressing her breast, the other rubbing her lips through the damp material of her knickers. Carolyn stretched her arms out sideways and braced herself against the sides of the narrow corridor, allowing her to open her legs more. 

The strong hand between her legs was certainly doing the trick. She felt the tips of his fingers rub up and down against the thin lace, pressing it in, opening her outer lips. He kept up a steady rhythm, back and forth across the top of her clit, sometimes delving a little lower, passing over her ever dampening entrance. The other hand started to grasp harder, completely enveloping her breast in its strong, warm grip. Caroline shut her eyes, not that it made much difference in the dark, but she wanted to concentrate on the feeling developing and emerging within her sex. It was a rising warmth, building in little ripples each time his hand pressed the lace into her. She felt her knickers being lifted, and his fingers slipped under the edge of the fabric so they were now directly touching her; skin against skin. He paused for a moment, cupping her in his hand, before tentatively dipping one finger into Carolyn. She felt it slowly touch all around the entrance to her cunt, then the rubbing started again, this time with renewed vigour. Carolyn so wanted to be filled, for him to be in her. To offer some encouragement she pushed her pelvis out, onto his hand, and he took the hint, pushing first one then two fingers far into her. He pulled them out then pressed them back home, slipping easily into her wet entrance. They settled into an urgent rhythm, sliding in and out. It was nearly what Carolyn needed, but not quite enough. She was hot, lustful, wet and needed more. 

"More!" she cried out, in a pleading hoarse whisper. 

Another finger was added to the others and the thrusting continued, this time a bit slower, but stronger and more determined. Carolyn was now nicely full, and she could feel his muscular fingers pounding into her cunt. Her orgasm came without warning, hitting her mid thrust. She could feel her muscles tighten around his fist, and with each wave of pleasure she involuntarily grasped his fingers tighter, clenching her wet cunt around his hand. He stopped fucking Carolyn with his hand and waited until the last spasms of her orgasm died away before starting to remove his fingers from deep within her. Carolyn stood there panting, almost gasping for breath, reeling from the suddenness of her orgasm. Her eyes had been firmly shut, but as the feeling started to die away she opened them the deep darkness of the corridor. 

Eventually the waves passed and she felt the hand start to slide out from inside her. As he withdrew his hand she felt a couple of drips of her wetness dribble down the inside of her thighs, travelling the full length of her leg, down to her shoes. In the darkness Carolyn smiled again and straightened up, trying to regain a little composure. 

She had not felt this alive in years; Sir Robert had not made her fell desired or wanted in a very long time. Now she felt not only wanted, but wanton. 'In for a penny, in for a pound' had long been a favourite saying of her husband, and now she felt it very appropriate. Squinting, she tried to make out any details about the man she was with, but the door to the corridor was so well fitted that it let in virtually no light at all. No matter, Carolyn didn't need to see him anyway, feeling him however was now definitely on the agenda. She slowly reached a hand out into the darkness towards where she felt he must be. Her hand came to rest against a soft cotton shirt, and she placed the flat of her hand against his chest. Carolyn let her fingers walk slowly down his chest until they came to a belt around his waist. She reached out the other hand and the leather free of the buckle. Feeling around in the blackness she felt the buttons underneath and, with only a slight struggle undid first one, then two, then three buttons on his britches. 

Unceremoniously she pulled the two flaps of cloth apart and slid her hand down, into his clothes. She found what she wanted instantly. There it was in the palm of her hand, already hard, waiting to do its job. There was still one layer of cloth between her hand and him, so Lady Caroline pulled back her hand, eased her fingers behind the waistband, and once again slid back into his britches, but this time it was skin on skin. She wrapped her fingers around him, feeling the pulse of his strong heart beating out along his length. She stood there for a second, feeling the warmth and strength in her delicate hand. She could also feel the warmth between her legs, which needed quenching. Using her other hand to push down his under clothes she pulled him up and out, freeing him into the dark air of their hopefully private corridor. 

Now that his cock was free of his clothing she could stroke him along his full length, and it was a fair length. He was also very hard. As she stroked him she imagined what he must be like. His hands had been strong but not clumsy, and he definitely had a powerful heart, which she felt pumping within her grasp. It was a long time since Caroline had taken a new lover. Previously at this point she would have lowered to her knees and pleasured him a while, until he could take it no longer and either took her or finished upon her body. But tonight she needed him, and she needed him now. 

She turned away from him and stood with her feet apart. She straightened her legs and bent right over at the waist. She grabbed the side of her dress and underskirts and in one movement threw them over her back. Next she slipped her fingers into the side of her knickers and pulled them a little way down her legs; she could feel the cool air against her opening. She reached around behind her and fumbled for him in the dark. She heard him take a step closer, and then felt him in her hand. She grasped fully around his shaft and 3 more long strokes, before more definitely pulling him towards her. She lined up the tip of his cock with the now moist folds of her entrance, rubbing him around the edge of her cunt. He felt warm, and solid, and it felt good. She pushed back just a little and the head of his shaft slid inside her. She paused for a few seconds, savouring the wanton feeling, knowing what she wanted him to do to her. 

Lady Caroline reached out for the nearby walls and placed her hands flat against them, bracing herself for what was to come. She pushed back a little more to offer some encouragement, and she felt his hands gasp either side of her hips. Then came the slow thrust into her. He pushed all the way in until she could feel the cold of his steel buttons against her bottom. When he was all the way she felt him pull her onto him as if willing it to go even deeper into her, before withdrawing so his tip was only just inside her. The second thrust came faster, this time not waiting before withdrawing ready for another stroke, which came almost instantaneously. The powerful single thrusts built into a steady, strong rhythm, and with every stroke she could feel his body slapping against her behind as he filled her deeply. Caroline was glad she had braced herself against the wall. The pounding was getting stronger and faster with every push into her. She wasn't sure now who was using who, all she could do was stand there and take it, which was fine with her. Being used like this felt dirty and whorish, she certainly didn't feel like Lady Caroline anymore. Stood in this corridor with her legs open, bent at the waist and with her dress and under skirts strewn over her back she felt like a common whore, and it felt fantastic. He was almost attacking her cunt now with powerful thrust after thrust; and she felt it again. It rose and radiated out from her sex, warming and tensing every muscle she had. If flowed through her legs and arms, stiffening her from head to foot. It built and built to the point where she thought she would explode and it teetered on the edge as he pounded hard into her, until she heard a groan from behind her. 
