 Thank you those of you who have been kind enough to read my stories and any comments you might have are always welcome...... 

The drone of the plane's jet engines filled Rick's ears as it cruised at 39,000 feet in the dark night. He and Lynn were on their way to the tropic islands for a much needed holiday. Their work schedules conflicted the last few months and they decided that a holiday in a warmer climate was just the right prescription. Rick had mentioned their plans to their friend, Dave, whom they had not seen in a few months. The longer the conversation continued, the more Dave knew he also needed a vacation. Rick invited him to meet he and Lynn in the tropics where they could all vacation together and catch up on old times. When Rick told Lynn about this plan, she agreed wholeheartedly. Her first thought was of Dave and his large cock.

Though she had never made love to him, she had seen his cock by accident. Dave had spent the weekend at their apartment a few months ago. One morning she awoke early and when she opened the bathroom door, she saw Dave drying off from his shower. Standing naked in the middle of the room, she couldn't help but notice his cock hanging between his legs. She quickly murmured her apology for busting in on him and shut the door. They did not mention the incident but when her and Rick were in bed that night she told him of the incident. Her mind was filled of visions of Dave's cock that night as they made love. Rick noticed the additional intense lovemaking from his lover as she moaned louder than usual when she climaxed. Now that Dave was going to join them in the tropics, Lynn thought more and more about how it would feel to have his cock lodged in her pussy. 

Rick looked around the half empty plane wondering when the airlines would begin to get back to normal. The economy was still struggling and with increased security at the airports, many people were deciding to either stay home or travel closer to home. He and Lynn were near the back of the plane in the middle section. There were five seats across the middle section and they had the whole row to themselves. Two people began the flight sitting in the same row but moved when they found they could either sit near a window or have two seats to themselves. Across the aisle on both sides, elderly couples slept during the late night flight. He was glad they decided to take the later flight since they would arrive in the early morning and it would give them a fresh start on the tropical island. He knew he'd pay for the jet lag but he figured he was on holiday and could sleep on the beach in the cabanas all day.

Looking down he saw Lynn's flaming red hair in his lap resting on the small airline pillow. She had a headset on listening to Madonna, The Beach Boys, or classical music. She loved all sorts of music and Rick had asked her once about her choices of music and artists. She told him that she had music for all sorts of moods and by having such a wide variety she could soothe her inner self to whichever mood hit her. Her body lay across several seats, covered by the blanket she found in the overhead bin. Rick placed his hand on her shoulder and began lightly stroking up and down her arm. 

He thought about her perky breasts, wishing he could lean over and gently suck a nipple into his mouth. He loved fondling her breasts with light strokes and feeling her nipples harden under his touch. She would moan softly at first when his lips made contact with her breasts and then become more vocal as her desire heightened. 

She stirred a little as his hands lightly ran over her shoulders and down to her waist. Listening to the throbbing sounds of Santana and the light touches of Rick's hand brought about a heightened sense of desire. Picking her head up, she looked around at the empty seats beside them and a thought formulated in her mind. She sat up and told Rick that she had to use the restroom and would be right back. On her way to the restroom she noticed that everyone in her aisle was sleeping. A smile formed on her lips as she made her to the back of the plane. After using the facilities, she took her underwear off and stuffed them into her pocket.

"No sense letting this long flight get in the way of having a bit of fun" she thought to herself as she made her way back to her seat.

Rick noticed the smile on her face when she sat down next to him. Leaning close to her ear he said "what are you smiling about?"

"Oh nothing my sweet pet" she said with a devilish grin.

Lynn lay down again, covering herself with the blanket and putting her headphones back on her head. Rick felt her shuffling around and thought he heard the sound of her zipper. Looking down at her face he saw her eyes closed and a smile on her lips. Her arms, concealed by the blanket, were lying in her lap. 

Rick placed his hand on her shoulder and slid it under the blanket. Whatever she was up to, Rick knew it had to be good. His hand trailed down her arm and when he got to her wrist, he felt the material of her jeans and knew where her fingers were. Moving downward, his hand covered hers at the triangle between her thighs. Her body stiffened slightly knowing she had been caught. Her hand moved out of the way of his, allowing his strong fingers to replace hers.

"So this was her little secret" Rick thought to himself as her felt the thin wisp of pubic hair on his fingers.

He looked around to see if anyone was watching and satisfied that the people around them were still sleeping, slowly rubbed her mound just above her clit. His cock responded to the action as his mind pictured his finger slowly rubbing over her mound of pleasure. He pressed his finger harder against her skin and slid it downward. He pushed further downward and was rewarded when her thighs opened just enough to allow his fingers access to her opening. Her slick juices covered his fingertips as he rubbed around the opening slowly. He felt Lynn move, trying to give him a better target to shoot at in these tight quarters.

Lynn's mind reeled when she felt his hand cover hers, wanting him to take her there almost eight miles high in the air. She listened to the insistent music of Santana, feeling the strong drumbeats throughout her body. A thought of their friend Dave flashed into her brain and her juices immediately began to flow. She thought of that day in the bathroom, seeing his cock hanging invitingly, but now she envisioned it was Dave's cock rubbing against her moist slit instead of Rick's fingers. 

When Rick slipped a finger inside her vagina, she moaned silently and pushed her body against Rick's leg. She felt the single digit slipping deeper into her tunnel. Lynn bit her lip, wanting to cry out and tell Rick of the pleasure he was imparting on her body. Her juices coated his finger, making it easier for him to penetrate her. She felt him pull out and slide his wet finger over her clit. Her body reacted to the slow insistent pressure on her clit, hips moving back and forth in time to his movements.

His fingers slid back and forth over the slippery skin of her pussy. Touching one area, moving to another area, lingering just long enough to keep her wondering where his fingers would stop next. He moved his fingers slowly, deliberately, applying pressure to her sensitive areas, and then fleeing to give her pleasure elsewhere.

When his finger returned to her moist opening, he added another finger to join the first one. Lynn imagined that the two fingers invading her pussy were Dave's cock. She imagined them together that day in the bathroom, having Dave pull her onto the vanity and sinking his large cock into her pussy while he nibbled at her neck. Her hips began rocking back and forth faster on Rick's finger as her mind pictured Dave's cock sawing in and out of her.

In her daydream, Dave's lips trailed down to her erect nipples lightly licking and sucking on her hard nubs. Her own hand moved to her covered breast and softly massaged her own tits. She ran her finger over her nipples, feeling them grow in her bra. Grabbing a nipple, she pinched it as if Dave was biting it. Lost in the world between fantasy and reality, Lynn felt the heat in her body taking control.

She whispered to her imaginary lover "Ahhhh ... that's it baby fuck me with your hard cock ... come on baby fuck me harder ... ohhhh I love your hard cock ramming into my hot pussy. Bite my nipples ... ohhh they are so hard and tender for your lips ... that's it baby, bite them harder ... yesssss that's it harder."

Rick felt her vaginal muscles grabbing his cock then releasing it as if his cock were lodged in her cunt. He crooked his finger and found her G-spot, slowly rubbing it. Lynn's body stiffened more as new waves of delight washed over her. She burrowed her head into his thigh, pulling the pillow over her face to quiet the sounds of ecstasy. He looked down in the darkness and watched her hips move faster under the blanket. Rick knew that it wouldn't long now before she climaxed. He only hoped that nobody around them were aware of what they were doing.

Lynn's body took over, taking her desire into overdrive. She now envisioned herself bent over the front of the vanity, watching her breasts bob back and forth as Dave fed his cock into her pussy from behind. She saw Dave standing behind her, holding her hips, pushing his massive tool in and out of her. His hands came around to her breast and when she pinched one of them hard, it was his strong hands dishing out the pleasure.

She imagined Dave whispering into her ear with each thrust "take my cock bitch ... you are my little bitch aren't you? You know you want my cock rammed up your cunt until you cum all over it. Your cunt feels so fucking good wrapped around my cock. I'm going to fill you with my hot cum bitch. You want that don't you my little baby bitch? You want to be my bitch don't you?"

Her hips moved faster on Rick's fingers, as her mind fucked their best friend. She was now at the point of no return, knowing that her orgasm was near, she felt her hips convulse on his fingers, trapping them, trying to milk the imaginary cum from his fingers.

"Yes I'll be your bitch. Just fuck my sweet pussy until I can't walk" she whispered into the pillow.

She felt her juices flow freely over Rick's fingers as her climax hit. Grabbing the pillow tight against her face, she screamed her pleasure into the soft material. Wave after wave of desire washed over her body, making her whole body shake on the seat. When she finally calmed down, she felt herself drenched in sweat and breathing hard.

"What is wrong with me? I've got a lover with a big cock and here I am fucking his friend in my daydream. I sure as hell am not going to tell Rick about this fantasy" she thought to herself.

Rick leaned down and whispered "that was some orgasm you had. You must have been thinking some really erotic thoughts?"

Lynn sat up and straightened her clothes before leaning over and giving him a hungry kiss on the lips. She pulled away after a minute and whispered in his ear "I'm going to treat you to a real nice time on this trip for giving me that mind shattering orgasm."

The two lovers sank back in their seats thinking about the pleasures that lay ahead for them. Rick thought of Lynn's undulating body withering under him. Lynn thought about seeing Dave again and wondered if he knew that she had thought about his cock every so often since that day months ago.

Dave was at the airport waiting for them when their plane landed. After shaking hands with Rick, Dave hugged Lynn, feeling her breast push into his chest. He thought she seemed to hug him a bit harder and longer than usual. The way she squeezed him and told him that it was really good to see him, gave him the impression that something was on her mind. She had a slight sexy smile on her face as she leaned up to him, kissing him on the cheek.



Dave had already rented a convertible and with warm tropic breeze blowing in from the ocean, they rode to the hotel with the top down. Lynn sat in the front next to Dave, with Rick in the back taking in the scenery. She put her head on the back rest, letting the warm sun beat on her face as the wind whipped her hair. Dave glanced over, seeing her breasts jutting out of her tight blouse. He wondered what they would look like in the open. "Would her nipples be hard and pointy or soft and delectate?" he thought to himself as they entered a series of tight curves on the highway. He knew she had seen his cock that day some months back and wondered if she had ever thought about making love. 

Lynn closed her eyes, thinking about the warm weather and the fun they were going to have romping in the sand. On one turn she felt herself being thrown to the right as Dave took the curve too fast. She opened her eyes and glanced in Dave's direction listening to Rick tell him that maybe he should be driving or maybe Dave should take a driver's test. They both laughed at Rick's ill humor. Meanwhile, Lynn looked into Dave's lap, seeing a large bulge between his thighs. Her thoughts went back to the plane ride and the vivid daydreams she had about him, wondering what it would feel like to have him lodged in her pussy for real. 

The three of them looked at the beautiful scenery on the drive to their hotel. The view along the coast was spectacular with the rugged mountains on the right and the deep blue ocean on the left. The mountains, caused by long ago erupting volcanoes, now gave way to tourists and sightseers on holiday.

Arriving at the resort, Dave pulled to the front entrance where bellmen waited for the next wave of tourist. The bell captain informed them that they would take care of their luggage and that they should go in to register. A young lady greeted them at the entrance and gave each of them lei. The leis' were made of real flowers and Lynn commented on how good they smelled. The desk clerks were friendly and efficient in checking them into the hotel. They had done this countless times over the years and had the registry down to a science. Just as they were leaving the check-in area, one of the clerks suggested that they stop at guest services to find out about the many wonderful things they could do on the island.

Dave and Rick complained about having to stop and talk to some boring person telling them about all the wonderful sites that they shouldn't miss while they were on the island. As they rounded the corner entrance into guest services, Dave noticed a good looking lady standing behind the counter discussing the sites to another patron. She looked up and caught Dave's eyes surveying her. She immediately smiled and told the group that she would be right with them. Dave watched her, careful not to stare but trying to get a good look at her charms. Her short blonde hair was neatly brushed and Dave could see the sparkle in her eyes as she described in detail the upcoming events. He noticed her breasts which were confined in her tight white blouse. He wondered if she was married or single as they waited their turn. Finally, when she was finished with the young couple, she turned her full attention to the three new arrivals.

"Hello and welcome to the islands. My name is Vicki and I'm here to help you have as much pleasure while you're staying here at the hotel."

The three newcomers told her their names and asked about the different sightseeing packages that they might take in during their stay. Dave noticed that she wore no wedding ring and his attention was drawn to her covered breasts. He looked over the counter, noticing that her slim hips were covered by tight white shorts. When she turned to grab some brochures off the back table, he smiled at her tight ass wiggling away from them.

Lynn noticed Dave's stare and smiled, slugging him on the arm whispering "looks like she is just your type."

Dave whispered back "you never know. She looks like she could be dynamite in bed."

Vicki whirled around with the brochures and it was plain that she had heard Dave's remark. She smiled at Dave and asked "where is your companion?"

"I came to the islands by myself to relax with my good friends" he replied giving her his best wolf smile. 

"Well if there is anything you need, don't hesitate to call on our services" she said with a hint of bait smiling at Dave and then turning her gaze to Lynn and Rick.

Lynn felt something strange inside her as Vicki stared directly into her eyes. It had been a long time since she had made love to a woman and then it was with Rick in the bed with them. This woman seemed to have a calming influence on those around her which made Lynn smile in return, hoping that they might get to know each other better.

"Oh I'm sure I may need some assistance sometime" Dave said playing the game of cat and mouse.

Rick interrupted their little game and announced that he was happy to meet her and looked forward to their visit to the island. He said he was tired and was ready to retire to their room. Dave told Vicki that he looked forward to using her services soon. Vicki smiled seductively and looked down at Dave crotch as they walked out the door, daydreaming about what it would be like to have Dave in bed with her.

Rick and Lynn went to the balcony after the bellman left, looking out over the ocean, watching the deep blue sea and the waves crashing onto the shore. Sounds of laughter and conversations drifted upwards from the hotel’s pool below. Rick put his arm around Lynn, pulling her close. 

"I think this is going to be a great holiday" he said moving his hand down to her ass.

"I can't wait to get down to the pool and catch some sun. Let's get unpacked and change into our swimsuits" she replied pushing back against his hand.

After they busied themselves, putting away their clothes, Lynn told Rick she was going to change into her new suit. She went into the bathroom to change as Rick found his suit. He pulled off his clothes and stood naked in front of the large dresser mirror. He admired his body thinking of all the hours spent in the gym trying to keep his body in shape. His hand went to his cock hanging between his legs. Lynn liked to play with his cock, teasing it slowly during their foreplay. He loved the way she would take it slowly into her mouth, sucking it until it was large and ready to plunge into her pussy. His cock began to harden at the thought of her sweet lovemaking. He ran his hand slowly up and down its length, making it stiffer. He reluctantly pulled his hand away, catching the reflection of his semi-hard cock in the mirror. "Yes it is going to be a wonderful holiday" he thought as he reluctantly pulled his swim trunks over his growing hardness.

He let out a low whistle when Lynn appeared from the bathroom. Standing before him, he looked her up and down smiling broadly. Lynn had chosen a white bikini swimsuit which did little to hide her charms. The top pulled her breasts together showing her ample cleavage. The string bikini bottom did little to hide her hidden treasure below. He saw her pouting lower lips pushing against the front of the thin material.

"Oh baby you look good enough to eat right now" he said walking toward her.

Pulling her into his arms, they kissed softly at first then more insistently. Lynn felt his tongue slide slowly into her mouth as her breasts pushed against his chest.

"You know baby, you owe me for the big climax I gave you on the plane" he whispered into her mouth.

"I know sweetie and I know just the thing to reward you" she said leading him to the bed.

Lynn pushed him back onto the bed, looking down at his strong body. She rubbed her hands over his chest and then slowly scrapped her fingernails downward to his stomach. She ran her hands lower over his new black swimsuit with the white swirl waves. Her hands came in contact with his bulge, making him moan lightly. She squeezed his hardness, feeling it harden under her ministrations.
