 It was hot, and still sunny, as I walked along the beach looking for my lover. 

It was the third day of our break on the island, and already we had tasted a sexual hedonism far beyond our experience, with fantasies and, on this beach yesterday, the reality of a third panty, a man, in our adventures. There were other real possibilities lining up, but our fantasies still outstripped reality. We were both highly sexually aroused most of the time. We had made love earlier in the afternoon, with fantasies of another man, and another woman. She had come half a dozen times, but I had not, though I loved fucking her. I had fallen asleep, and when I awoke, I was alone. The sun was sinking, and the air had glorious golden elements. I knew that she would probably be on the beach somewhere, so I wrapped myself in a thin sarong and set off to find her.

The sun was low on the horizon as I wandered down the beach. In the distance, close to the place of yesterday's adventure, I thought I saw her, naked, lying on her side on her sarong among palm trees at the edge of the beach. As I got closer, I realised there was not one person, but two, lying on their sides, facing each other. I considered that I might have made a mistake, and that it was not my lover, but when I looked more closely I recognised her uniquely beautiful fine hair, her soft brown skin, her delightful bum, and her long brown legs. She was lying on her side with her back to me. She and the other figure were close together and it appeared that they were kissing. The familiar rhythmic movements of my lover's body suggested that she was also very very aroused. I suppressed a pang of jealousy, and wondered who this was today. I wondered if it was yesterday's man again, or one of the men we had been with after lunch. I got closer to them but it was still hard to see the other person. Overcoming my instinctive jealousy, I found watching them very arousing and felt myself stiffening under my sarong.

Although I could not see the other person clearly, I understood from my lover's arm movement and the way she moved her hips that she was either playing with herself, or the other person was stroking her clit and she was holding him and pumping his cock. I got closer, along the water's edge, to get a better view of the other person. As I got closer I saw that they were indeed kissing, and each had a hand between each other's legs. I also realised, with a gasp and a frisson of excitement, desire and a complete dissolution of jealousy, that it was not a man that my lover was loving, but a woman. I recognised her now, and wondered how I could have thought she was a man. It was the big breasted blonde who had almost seduced me the previous day, and with whom we had been talking after lunch.

My lover and her new friend were kissing each other with passion and my lover's full breasts and nipples were rubbing against her friend's equally abundant ones. They were touching each other's clits and rubbing hard. I could see my lover was close to coming, but it was the other woman who broke away from the kiss, arched her back and cried out as she came. This brought my lover over the brink and she too moaned and moved her head from side to side and came. They rolled onto their backs and lay there gasping and giggling. My lover said something to her and she laughed out loud and replied. I could not hear what they were saying but by now I was very aroused, and I wanted to make love to my lover and her new friend. 

I walked up to them, some way behind my very obvious erection under my sarong.

" Hello," said my lover,"I was hoping that you might join us. We just came."

" I know,'' I replied, "I was watching."

" I can see that something has made you excited," she smiled. ''I am glad it was us. Come and lie down with us.''

They moved apart and I lay down between them. My lover undid my sarong, and she and her friend raised themselves on one elbow, and contemplated my very erect cock. The blonde said,

"You are right, it is very attractive."

I lay, unwilling to initiate things, but knowing that good things were going to unfold. I spread my arms out, and drew both of them against me: the wonderfully familiar soft skin and full breasts of my lover on my right, and the unknown but very naked and exciting body of the virtual stranger against my left side. My lover pulled my right leg between hers and her friend followed suit with my left leg. I lay with my legs wide apart, and with a pussy rubbing against each thigh. My lover took hold of the blonde's hand and placed it, with hers, on my cock. They both began to rub against my leg in time to their stroking of my cock. My lover kissed me on the lips while her friend licked and sucked my nipple. I squeezed a nipple in each hand: one familiar, one strange, both stiff with excitement, as I was. 

We were all getting very excited. Soon my lover drew away from my mouth and flung her head back and with both hands held my leg against her pussy and moved more rapidly. Her friend sought my mouth with hers and we kissed as my lover came hard against my leg. Her friend was rubbing my cock and moving rapidly against my leg until she also broke away from my mouth and with a cry she too came against my thigh.

"Mmmmm, that was very nice,'' said the blonde, wriggling against me. 

My lover wasted no time. As she recovered from her orgasm she moved over to lick my nipple and my body. The blonde took her lead from my lover, and began to lick my other nipple and suck on it. Two tongues, two mouths on me, licking and sucking all over my body, was very stimulating. Hands stroked me all over, and cradled my balls. My lover moved down my body with her tongue her cheek brushing against my rigid cock. Soon there were two heads and two mouths licking around my groin, with fleeting licks of the shaft of my very excited member. I did not know who was licking where, but I did know that that this sensation of two heads breathing around my cock and balls, and two mouths, two tongues, and four lips, licking and sucking my balls and and my cock was exquisite pleasure. My balls were in someone's mouth now, and the head of my cock was in someone's mouth and I moaned out loud with the pleasure of it. 

They had moved, so that they were kneeling beside me, their heads together between my legs, four nipples brushing against my thighs and belly. I reached out and held one of each of their legs and pulled them towards me, so that they were kneeling facing down and their very wet and excited pussies were within easy reach of my hands. Through the haze of pleasure I reached out with each hand and sought the warm, wet space between their legs. I pushed two fingers into each pussy and used my thumb to stroke their clits. I knew they were liking it because they both moaned and began to move back against my hand. I knew where my lover's pleasure point was in her pussy and soon my fingers were rubbing hard against the ridges, while my thumb stroked her clit. Although I was going by guesswork with the other pussy, I seemed to be providing considerable pleasure to her as well. My balls were released from a mouth and then two mouths were sliding up and down the length of my shaft. Someone's hand lifted my cock from my belly and I felt two mouths closing over my head, both of them kissing and sucking my cock while they kissed each other as well. The movements against my fingers and thumbs grew more rapid and ragged, and my lover came first with an moan into my cock. She released my cock from Her mouth and the blonde took it fully into her mouth and sucked on it very hard, before shuddering with pleasure and coming loudly into my cock. 

My lover moved up to kiss me on at the lips, and said,

"That she was supposed to be for your pleasure, not ours."

" It certainly was my pleasure," I said,

I was still extremely hard and erect, and very desirous, but was not yet near coming.

"Well, I said, "you have used my legs and my hands. What else would you like?"

My lover invited our new friend to move astride me and to lower herself onto my cock, while sitting up. She moved to do so, and there was a thrill as this new and strange pussy was lowered on to my very eager and willing cock. She gasped as I slid deep into her. Perhaps I would have gasped as well, but my lover had knelt with one leg on each side of me, and was now lowering her pussy onto my mouth.

I licked and sucked her pussy as I thrust my cock into the blonde's pussy. I could not see what was happening but I could feel that somebody was rubbing our friend's clit as I thrust within her pussy. It sounded, and the movements implied, that they were kissing each other on the lips and were kissing and sucking each other's nipples as I fucked and sucked both of them. My lover began to moan and shudder so I sucked her clit hard and with a loud cry and falling forward into her friend's arms she came. I was still thrusting into the blonde's pussy and as my lover recovered I saw that she was now sucking .the blonde's nipples and her friend was rubbing her own clit very hard, and soon she too came again, and fell against my lover. They both rolled off me and lay curled against me, our new friend saying, 

" My God that was incredible."

" It was fairly wonderful wasn't it,'' said my lover.

"Are you alright?" She asked me.

"I am," I said," but I want to do some hard fucking now please."

The sun was sinking now and the sky was a turning shades of red, pink, and orange and the glow of our damp and naked bodies was very arousing. 

" How do you want me," asked my lover. "Or would you rather have her?"

" I want both of you," I said.

"You first," said her new friend to my lover." I have already had his cock in me."

My lover smiled at both of us, and turned onto her stomach, which is one of her favourite positions. I knelt above her and then slid in to her pussy and began to move inside her as she played with her clit. I slid my hands under her to squeeze her tits as I fucked her hard and deep. Soon she came again, twice, and a third time. I needed a short break. I had not been aware of our friend while I had been fully engaged in fucking my lover, but when I rolled off my lover, I saw that she was sitting watching us with her hand moving rapidly between her legs, and her other hand squeezing her nipples.

"Give me a couple of moments," I said, "and I will come and help you out. "

My lover rolled onto her back. "I have an idea," she said. "Come here."

She lay on her back and arranged her friend to kneel behind her shoulders, her head above my lover's groin. We both immediately understood what she had in mind. I moved behind our friend. the blonde lowered her face into my lover's pussy and began to lick her clit. I slid my cock deep into the pussy directly above my lover's face. My lover lay beneath watching my cock slide in and out of the blonde's pussy above her face while her clit was being licked and sucked. My lover lifted her hand to rub against the blonde's clit. Very soon our friend shuddered and came with a moan into my lover's pussy. I did not want to stop and kept on thrusting deep into her. My lover underneath was moving more rapidly against her friend's head and I could see that she was about to come herself. I was very close to coming and as I watched my lover's body begin to spasm in a big orgasm I felt myself releasing my hot come. I pulled my cock out of the blonde's pussy and squirted my come onto my lover's face and mouth, and she licked and swallowed it all. 

We lay in a tangle of satiated bodies, our limbs and body fluids mixed, having shared something remarkable. It was nearly dark now.

Our new friend was the first to move and as she gathered herself, and her things, together she leaned over and kissed me hard on the mouth, before also kissing my lover deeply on the mouth. 

"Thank-you," she said, " I must be going now, he will be wondering where I am. Perhaps I can bring him along tomorrow? "

Without waiting for a reply, and with a big warm smile, she wrapped a sarong around her and moved off through the palm trees.

My lover cuddled against me. 

"Did you like that?" she asked.

"You are lovely," I murmured, "and that was amazing. But I think you rather liked it too."

"Much more than I anticipated," she said with a smile. "Come on, lets go get a drink. "

We covered ourselves with our sarongs, and, hand in hand, walked back along the now darkened beach.