 At breakfast, which was tasty, with lots of exotic tropical fresh fruit, we chatted with other guests including the couple we had seen at the pool earlier. Everyone was friendly, and we both felt that we were being appraised, both in terms of our physical attractiveness, and in terms of our attitude to new experiences. This was fair, as we were appraising our fellow guests in the same terms.

After breakfast, we continued to talk to some other couples. Unfortunately, the morning couple, who, it became clear, though never stated, had seen at least the end of our poolside activities, and enjoyed it, were leaving later in the morning. I was disappointed, as I thought that there was a mutual attraction, and that we could have explored possibilities together. However, there were also other couples who we both found interesting. During our conversations, and watching them on the beach, in the sea, and in and by the pool, we identified people that we might be interested in getting to know better over the next few days.

We had a very pleasant morning, talking to our fellow guests, to each other, reading, swimming and enjoying the warmth and sun of the tropics. Soon after noon, we made our way back to the restaurant area, and had a light local lunch, chatting to, and flirting with, two other couples. I found both the women very attractive, and my lover was also obviously attracted to the men, and possibly by the women as well.

My lover rather unexpectedly suggested we leave, while the conversation was still in full flow. We went back to our room, pleasantly aroused by our morning, and by our post lunch conversations. We both thought that our companions were slightly disappointed when we left them, and, though I might have stayed to see where things might lead, when my lover suggested we leave, I was quite happy to...

In the room, I asked her why she decided to leave when she did, expecting her to say something about it being too soon, or to be moving too fast for her. Instead, she said, as she stripped off,

"I wanted to reach into their swimming trunks, pull out their hard cocks (did you see their erections?) and suck all three of your cocks one at a time, until you all came. And I got so excited thinking this, that I was afraid I would just do it, so I decided I had to leave."

She stood in front of me, sexual excitement radiating from her. Bending over, she slid out of her bikini pants, her top already disposed of. She stood up again, her right hand moving to her moist, aroused centre, her left arm cradling her big breasts as her left hand tugged at her right nipple.

"You are standing close to them, you reach forward and touch their erections through their briefs. You want to take them out..." 

I talk her into the fantasy she wants.

"Yes," she breathed, tugging her nipple, and moving her hand more rapidly between her now spread legs. She leaned back against the wall.

"I want to hold their big hard cocks," she whispered.

"Reach into their briefs.... Grasp their hardness. Pull them out. You're holding a big hard cock in each hand... You're going to come."

"Oh yes,'' she moaned, squeezing and rubbing her tits and nipples, her right hand moving rapidly between her legs as she thrust her hips forward, and then she came, noisily.

I was watching her, and playing with my hard cock as I did so. She is an exquisitely sexual being. I love watching her when she is in full flow, and I love making her come, directly and indirectly.

"You want to kiss them now," l prompted, "you want to suck their big hard cocks.''

"Yes, I want to suck them," she confirmed, lying down on the bed, legs spread, playing with her clit again.

"You're on your knees in front of them. You're pumping their cocks with your hands, and licking and sucking them, one at a time."

She moaned and opened her mouth wide.

"Suck the big hard cocks... They are making you come. ''

As I said this I moved closer and brought my cock to her mouth. She slid it deep into her mouth, and came, in spasms, her moans muffled by my hard cock in her mouth.

" Let him fuck you while you suck my cock."

"Mmmmm..." she replied, her mouth still full of me.

I reached over her and grabbed the rabbit, and, turning it on, plunged it deep into her pussy. Her back arched, and I slid from her mouth as, with a loud cry, raising her legs high in the air, she came once more. I left the rabbit churning inside her, held her head so she could take me into her mouth again, and spoke quietly to her.

"Suck me... He's fucking you hard... He's going to come in you."

She moaned and held my cock in her mouth and tugged her nipples with her other hand as the rabbit pleasured her below.

"He's coming now. " I said.

And she did too, legs up. I switched the rabbit off, and pulled it from her pussy, to mild protest.

"Turn over. I want to fuck you now."

"Oh yes," she murmured, rolling on to her belly, "I want you inside me. Squeeze my tits."

I knelt behind her on the bed, and, lowering myself onto her, I slid deep into her hot and well fucked pussy, reached under her to hold her big tits and squeeze her nipples. I pressed down on her and began to pump hard into her.

"They are watching us fucking," I whispered. "They are watching us, and pumping their hard erect cocks."

She came. I did not stop.

"You want him to come in your mouth"

She moaned and opened her mouth wide. I slid the rabbit into her open mouth, and told her,

"He's coming in your mouth."

And she came, big and hard, pushing up against me.

"Enough," she panted.

I rolled off her and lay beside her, both of us pantinq and giggling.

"You had better find some more men," I said when I had sufficient breath, "I can't keep up with you."

"I am just boring you," she said, with an astonishing lack of awareness," you need some other women too."

''Well," I conceded, "we did not get on to what I wanted to do with the women..."

She giggled and curled up against me.

"So what did you want to do?"

"Oh, a few things... But I'll tell you when I have more energy."

And with that I fell asleep.

When I woke again, almost two hours had passed, and I was alone. I lay for a while, remembering what we had done before I slept, and getting hard and erect again. I thought of her and the other men, and how excited she had got. I thought of the other women that were with us after lunch, and considered what I might have done with them as she was playing with the men's cocks. I was sucking the big tits of the blonde, while the short haired brunette licked and sucked my very hard cock, watching my lover playing with two cocks, when I realized that I was getting over excited, pumping myself vigorously and close to the edge. I knew there was no need for that, as I would find somewhere warm and wet, where I could share my excitement and pleasure with someone else. I got up, struggled into my swimming briefs, and went out.

The full strength of the afternoon sun was waning, but it was still very hot. I wandered past the central area. There were two couples sitting in the shade, and drinking. I did not recognize them, but they seemed to have been there a while, and it was unclear, from their multiply entangled limbs, whether there were two couples, or just one, very close, group of four. They all appeared to be deeply involved with each other, and I did not feel able to interrupt them. I did find their activities stimulating, and my cock stiffened again in my briefs.

I moved on, and made my way to the pool. I was in a state of high arousal, further heightened by the group I had just seen. My lover was not at the pool, but there were more naked bodies lying on the loungers, where we had such fun earlier in the day. There was a group of three naked women in the pool, including the big breasted blonde we had been talking to after lunch. She waved to me, and invited me to join them in the water. I went to the edge of the pool, preceded by the now very erect and throbbing contents of my briefs. The blonde giggled and said,

"You better get into the water, you need to cool down"

"I don't think getting into the water with you would cool me down al all." I replied, smiling at her.

"Oh, I am sure you would cool down eventually.'' She returned my smile and moved back from the edge of pool, floating on her back, and clearly offering her delightfully fit body to me. I was very tempted, and remembered my lover saying that I needed other women...

But I needed to find my lover first, though. I told the blonde how tempting the water was, but I was not sure where my lover was, and thought I should find her first before I indulged my own, as she could see, very evident, need. I was right in my assessment. She may have been a little disappointed by my gentle refusal of her offer, but she was more impressed by my apparent selflessness.

"Of course you must," she replied, returning to the side of the pool. "I think I saw her going to the beach. Try there. Perhaps we can meet up later?"

"I very much hope so." I smiled at her. "That is something I shall look forward to, a lot."

With a final exchange of smiles, I set off towards the beach. I thought of finding my lover, and perhaps going back together to the pool, and...

The beach appeared empty at first sight, apart fom a single figure in a sarong, walking about a hundred metres ahead. I walked along the line of surf, in the same direction as we had the previous evening, following the man, I decided, in the sarong. After a while, the man moved up the beach, and seemed to disappear into the line of trees. I moved up from the surf line, and the heat of the sun,to the edge of the tree line, and the shade. I walked for a little before I saw some movement up ahead. I stopped, I think because I did not want to disturb anyone, or appear to sneak up on someone. I could not clearly see who was there, and then I heard my lover's voice, low, and thick with desire.

"May I touch it?"

There was no reply, but movement suggested that the answer was affirmative. The mixture of feelings passing through me were hard to describe: a sharp pang of visceral jealousy linked to a voyeuristic desire to get close and watch her with someone else; immediately followed by an intellectual acknowledgement that this is exactly what we came here to do. I myself had essentially made a date with the blonde in the pool. I quietly moved closer to where I could see what was happening. My lover was kneeling, naked, next to a naked man lying on the sand. She was holding, and stroking, his very big, thick hard cock. Her mouth was slightly open, and her eyes had the inward-facing look I recognized whenever she is lost in the physicality of sexual arousal. Her left hand was stroking and tugging her nipple. As she began to squeeze and pump his hard cock more vigorously, he began to grunt and move his hips. Her left hand moved from her nipple to between her legs. I could tell she was close to orgasm.

She knew it too, and without letting go of his erection, she moved quickly to kneel astride him, facing his feet. Still holding his hard cock, she positioned herself, and lowered herself rapidly onto the full length of his long, thick member. As she did so, she lifted her hands to squeeze both her nipples, flung her head back, and came with a loud moan.

I had taken myself out of my swimming briefs when I had moved closer to see her, and began stroking my throbbing erection. Watching her come, impaled on another man's cock, was astonishingly exciting, and I moved out to stand close in front of her, legs apart, over the other man's legs. She opened her eyes as she recovered from her orgasm, and they widened in surprise, and possibly fear, when she saw me, and my very erect cock, in front of her face.

"It's alright," I assured her." suck me please."

She took me deep in her mouth, as the man beneath her grasped her hips and began to pump purposefully into her. I stood close to her, and she sucked me, and rubbed her nipples on my thighs, as she moved on the big hard cock pumping deep into her pussy. Soon she lost concentration on my cock in her mouth and I slipped out, and it slapped against her face as she moved her head from side to side and moaned loudly, as she reached her climax, head back, back arched, crying out.

He was still pumping into her, grunting with the pleasure of my lover's pussy, and it was clear he too was on the short strokes. I was stroking my very excited cock, and she had quickly recovered from her orgasm to pay attention to the pleasure that was being taken, and given, in her pussy. The thrusting of his cock became faster and more urgent and she held on to my buttocks, licking and kissing my erection, her tits bouncing on my thighs as he grunted and moaned his way to a big orgasm. As he pumped his come into her, she came again with a loud moan.

I was at bursting point. Still pumping it, I guided my cock to her mouth and said, urgently,

"Suck my cock, I'm going to come."

She took me deep in her mouth, and sucked hard, and rubbed her tongue on the tender underside behind my head, and I felt the come arising from deep inside and pulsing through me to explode into her mouth. I moaned as I pumped my come into her and through the miasma of pleasure, I felt her stiffen, and come once more, my cock coming in her mouth, another, recently come, cock filling her pussy.

After a few moments I recovered, and became aware of the potential awkwardness of the situation. I was not sure how to play it, and said to my lover,

"Time to go, I think."

I moved to put myself back in my briefs, and bent over to pick up her sarong. She turned to the man on the ground, as she raised herself off his still semi-erect cock.

"Thank you," she said simply.

"Thank you." he replied warmly. "That was amazing ."

I helped her wrap her sarong around herself. She smiled uncertainly at him, and with a rather short,

"We'll see you around," from me, we set off back to our room, avoiding other people, and each of us deep in our own thoughts.