 It was Saturday morning and Trish's turn to canvass the neighborhood for her real estate firm, looking for listings. In the current brisk housing market, a broker had to be aggressive, and Trish knew the name of that game.

An eye-popping redhead with green eyes and a knockout figure, she did all right, especially with male clients. Many tried to put the make on her, and she didn't mind that. She teased herself with the thought of screwing each and every one of them, though she was far too discreet and discriminating to give in to promiscuous urges...most of the time. However, since she was single, an occasional guy did manage to breach the silken barrier of her underwear and gain access to the hottest pussy in town. Though Trish didn't know it when she rang the bell of a certain small but attractive house on Fantasy Place, she was about to embark on just such an adventure.

"Yes?" The man who answered the door in slacks and loose shirt was tall, trim, and in his mid-forties. He had salt-and-pepper hair, a mustache, and nice eyes. In fact, he had just the kind of eyes that Trish liked, which is to say that they boldly roved her voluptuous form, tweaking the prominent swells of her titties, stroking her womanly hips, and gliding on down to her lovely legs that were revealed below the high hemline of a neat but sexy business suit. And even though she was walking the neighborhood on this particular morning, Trish hadn't given in to the urge to wear sensible shoes. She always chose fuck-me pumps that made her legs look hot and showed off her toes in sheer nylon stockings.

Trish smiled at the man and asked, "Are you the owner of this house, sir?"

"Yes, I claim that distinction. And just what may I do for you, pretty lady?" His voice was smooth and mellow with a tone of cocky confidence that Trish liked.

"Well, I represent Apex Realty, and I'd like to know if you are thinking of selling your home."

"And what if I was?" The man's eyes twinkled.

Trish got a definite message from the way he was looking at her, and she felt warm down below. In fact, she was decidedly horny that morning. She hadn't been laid in two weeks, and that was too long.

"Well..." she drawled sexily, letting her green eyes flirt with the guy's warm brown ones, "I would want to take a tour of your house and check out all its attractive features so that we could determine a good selling price."

"Would you have to check out the master bedroom?"

"Oh yes, definitely," Trish said.

"Then come on in." The man backed up and held the door open. "Incidentally, my name is Will."

"Trish," the lovely real estate agent replied, offering her white, perfectly manicured hand. He took it, giving it a special squeeze that she felt between her thighs. Something was going to happen today. Something. Trish just knew it.

She entered the house and Will shut the door. He walked behind her, enjoying the way her ass undulated in her snug skirt. It was obvious that she wore nothing more substantial than whisper-thin panties underneath, though Will could detect no lines. This led him to suspect that perhaps she was wearing a thong, or just a g-string which happened to be his favorite lingerie.

Trish circled the living room lazily, knowing full well that Will was checking out every motion of her killer backside, and then she sat on the couch, crossed her sleek legs, and unzipped the leather binder she was carrying. She cocked a ballpoint pen.

Will appreciated the opportunity to sit next to her for awhile since gazing at her lovely ass in motion had threatened to give him a hard-on, and that might have been more than the lovely real estate lady wanted to see at this stage of their relationship.


Truth was, Trish enjoyed looking at hard-ons. She liked to wrap her hand around one and stroke it. And she even liked to take a taste sometimes, provided the moment was right and she was in a blowjob mood. Most of all, Trish enjoyed the feel of a fat, throbbing hard-on deep inside her, fucking her brains out.

"Now, let's see – you have how many bedrooms?" she asked.

"Just two since we converted the third into a den. One is for guests, and my wife is asleep right now in the master bedroom. We had a late night, and I don't expect her to be up and about until noon." Will smiled, his eyes caressing the swells of Trish's tits, visible where her suit jacket didn't quite come together at the top.

"Well, we needn't bother her then."

"Oh, but I want you to see that room. It's large and airy. Stella won't mind if we just tiptoe in."

This was highly unusual, but Trish was stimulated by the idea of peeking in on a sleeping lady. Though she had never been sexually intimate with a woman, she had thought about it many times. Still she was only inspecting a HOUSE, she assured herself, even if she couldn't keep her heart rate from increasing as she left her work binder on the living room couch and followed Will to the master bedroom.

The drapes were closed, and the dimness in the room served to dramatize the shining light-blond hair of Will's wife that was fanned out on a pale blue pillow. A matching sheet partially covered her, coming up only as high as her waist and revealing that Stella slept in the nude. If she were not on her side with an arm draped across her front, her bare breasts would have been on display.

"Please," Trish said as she stared, "I believe we had better go."

Though the words were only a whisper, the blonde on the bed heard them and rolled onto her back, letting her arm fall to the side. Her cupcake-sized titties came boldly into view and quivered to a stop, her rigid pink nipples sticking straight up.

"Oh, my..." Trish breathed because the other woman's breasts were so beautiful.

"Stella, this is Trish, a new friend," Will said, and his wife sat up, titties jiggling. She smiled and stretched languorously. This action lifted her little beauties then caused them to quiver again when she lowered her arms. She pushed some tousled hair away from her face and smiled. "Good morning, Trish. I'm pleased to know you. Will, be a love and get us some coffee."

She seemed totally oblivious to her nudity, and Trish liked that. Modesty was bullshit. When Will left the room, Stella hopped out of bed and said, "This lady has to pee." Trish watched the slim blonde's butt twinkle as she scampered into the adjoining john. She had noticed, when Stella stood up, that she was clean as a whistle "down there", without a hair to give the lie to her blondness.

Trish sat on a bedroom chair and wiggled her bottom which somehow had become very warm. The situation was too much. That is to say it was shocking, but Trish was immensely stimulated by it.

Stella came out of the bathroom and tripped over to where Trish was seated, lighting on the edge of the bed right in front of her. Trish could hardly keep from staring at the other woman's tits because, while small, they were very shapely. And her nipples were ideal for sucking.

"Well, I...uh...that is..." For a sales lady, Trish was remarkably inarticulate at that moment.

Stella filled the gap. "Just how do we come to know you, Trish? Are you a new member of the club?"

"The club?" Trish asked.

"The swing club that Will and I belong to." Then Stella girlishly clapped her hand to her mouth and said, "Maybe I shouldn't have blurted that out."

Will reentered the room, saving Trish from having to deal with this latest turn of events. He carried three cups of coffee on a tray which he quickly passed to the ladies. He took a cup for himself and sat beside his naked wife on the edge of the big unmade bed. It was indeed an unusual scene and, though Trish considered herself sophisticated, it was a new one as far as she was concerned.

"Trish came to talk about listing our house for sale," Will told his wife. "But we don't want to sell, do we?"

"Why the fuck would we want to sell?" Stella chirped. "We love our neighbors."

"Yeah. Did you tell Trish about the neighborhood club?"

"Well, I started to. She would be a wonderful addition to our group."

Suddenly Trish found her voice and said, "Look, I'm not married. A swing club sounds exciting, but I have no hubby to contribute."

"Oh, that's okay," Will assured her. "We have single members. Hey, are you through with that cup?" He noticed she had tilted it the last time she raised it to her wet pink lips, and he reached to take it from her. He took Stella's as well and set all three cups on the dresser.

Walking directly to Trish, he smiled seductively. "Why don't you slip out of that suit jacket and be comfortable?"

Trish rose to her feet, feeling giddy, and Will helped remove her jacket. Her full tits wobbled in a push-up bra, the rounded flesh quivering. Will reached around her and in a wink the bra was gone, allowing her titties to relax in lush fullness.

That started it, and there was no stopping as far as Trish was concerned. Will moved in, and his kiss was warm and gentle. Trish's lips gradually parted, admitting his tongue. His hands glided down her back to surround and gently squeeze the pliant cheeks of her ass. He felt no underwear beneath her snug skirt, just smooth supple flesh that molded itself to his audacious grasp.

Will's cock began to harden as he visualized how Trish's fanny would look in the nude with only a string between her cheeky buttocks if even that. He backed off a bit and cupped her tits, lifting them to serve her nipples up for his kiss. He drew one rosy stem then the other into his mouth and took a long, moist suck from each titty which sent warm sensations skittering through Trish.

She sank to the bed next to Will who still had his pants and shirt on, though he had kicked free of the sandals he had been wearing. The red-haired realtor lay across the bed between the two swingers, her naked breasts joggling. Will pulled her skirt off and gazed at the beauty of her smooth tummy with just a triangle covering her fun zone. She wore sheer sand-colored thigh-highs that dramatized the beauty of her upper legs, and Will immediately bent to kiss the tempting flesh above a stocking top. Meanwhile, Stella zeroed in on Trish's lips.

Trish had kissed female friends on their lips before, but it had never been like this. Stella kissed her the way a man would, though Stella's lips were much more gentle and softer. Trish opened her mouth, allowing Stella's tongue to slide inside.

Oh my, I'm getting into it now, Trish thought. Moisture sprang from her little well of passion, and it felt oh so good when Will moved her legs wide apart and began to lick her inner thighs up and down. Trish squirmed and tilted her hips, offering her thong-covered pussy up to Will's ardent lips.

Will's cock was like an iron bar in his pants as he licked and sucked and nibbled at Trish's thighs, and all the while his wife's mouth was glued to Trish's lips as her hot tongue squirmed in the redhead's mouth. Trish's tongue sprang into action, chasing Stella's back into its own abode and following to search the other woman's wet, warm mouth. Her arms were up around Stella. This was lesbo love for sure, and Trish was enjoying it. My God, she was bisexual and had never fully realized it!

Trish's focus abruptly changed when she felt a hot new sensation coursing up from her loins. Will was petting her pussy on top of the absurd little triangle that she called underwear. Now he hooked it away from her passion playground and gazed with pleasure at her puffy and very pretty cunt which was decorated by a tiny puff of red hair at the top of her split and a few tendrils trailing along the sides. Will used the tips of his fingers to open Trish like a ripe peach.

"Baby, you're beautiful!" he growled passionately and bowed to taste her pussy.

His eager tongue sank into Trish's cunt and he began to lap up her sweetness, making mouth sounds that added to the lovely lady's excitement. Will enjoyed her tangy taste, and his nostrils widened to take in her subtle scent. He licked up and down her soft, velvety lips, and the sensations was so pleasurable for Trish that she stopped kissing Will's wife and tossed her head to the side, moaning passionately.

Will nibbled at Trish's cunt-lips, tickling her with his mustache as he browsed, and she became very excited. When he finally seized her tingling clit in his mouth and sucked ardently, she came. Slam! The first intense sensation was followed by a rolling release that went from the top of her head to her red-lacquered toes which were still in shoes and stockings. 

Will worked his way down her legs, kissing and licking, sliding her stockings off. He picked her shoes from her feet and bent to make love to her toes, first nibbling then sucking on each toe in turn. He licked the bottom of Trish's feet, his mustache tickling and making her giggle. Meanwhile Stella fondled Trish's bountiful boobs, going from nipple to nipple, licking and sucking and chewing on her pretty pink ninnies, turning them a rosy red and making them tingle intensely.

"Watch out, Stell," Will warned his wife who raised her head from Trish's tits just as he rolled their guest over. Trish settled on her tummy, her buttocks quivering erotically, and Will had his earlier vision confirmed. Trish had a marvelous ass.

Will lowered his face and licked Trish's beautifully rounded asscheeks all over, his mustache lightly brushing her flesh. He neglected the crack between her buttcheeks until he snatched the top of her g-string between his teeth, stretched it out of her crevice, and used a hand then to pull the tiny garment down and off her feet. Stella watched her husband move Trish's legs far enough apart so he could kneel between them, then take a buttock in each hand, his thumbs sinking into Trish's crack. He spread her pliant asscheeks wide apart and gazed at her tight puckered aperture.

"How pretty," Stella purred as her hubby bowed his head. She knew what Will was about to do because she was familiar with all his foibles.

First drooling saliva onto the little nest of converging puckers, Will followed with his tongue, giving Trish a happy shock as his wet oral probe touched her asshole and his bristly mustache teased the inner slopes of her buttocks. He twisted, screwing the tip of his tongue into her forbidden passage, then pursed his lips around Trish's asshole and kissed while working his tongue in and out.

"Ooh, God!" she moaned.

When Will sprang to his feet at the side of the bed and shucked his pants down, she was ready to do exactly what he wanted. She twisted about on her stomach and supported herself on her elbows with her face right in front of the man. Will's 7-inch prick whipped to and fro as his clothes came down, and he locked into a two o'clock slant. Trish curled her delicate fingers around his shaft which was rock-hard, and directed his knob toward her moist and glistening lips.

"Yes, baby, suck it," Will said softly, petting her red hair.

After first licking the head of Will's cock all over to make it slick for the pumping of her lips on it, Trish took his knob fully into her mouth and shut her eyes as she went to work. Will moved his dick gently in and out of the encircling warmth of her lips, gliding on her tongue which lapped against him. Now her tongue circled his knob, and her head began to bob against Will's gentle thrusts.

For awhile Stella just watched her husband fuck Trish's face, and then the blonde burrowed down between the other woman's legs and started to eat her pussy. Trish had never experienced such a sensual combination before – a fat cock stretching her lips and pumping in and out of her mouth, giving her a satisfying sense of oral fullness and power over a man while, at the same time, a woman's mouth licked and sucked at her twat, giving her pleasure as only a woman could do because only a woman knew just exactly where another woman needed it. Trish came again.

Now Will removed his cock from Trish's mouth and prepared to fuck her. The threesome changed positions with Stella sprawled on her back, legs akimbo, while Will guided Trish to kneel so he could approach her from the rear. Stella drew Trish to her, guiding her head, and Trish's senses swirled as she prepared to eat pussy for the first time. Though uncertain about whether she would like it or not, she had always wanted to give it a try, and this was her chance.

But first, something was happening at her backside that claimed Trish's full attention and kept her from immediately pressing her face against Stella's tempting twat. Will was swabbing his cockhead up and down Trish's crack, finally settling the tip in the plush folds of her vulva. Giving his wand a deft twist, he sank his firm seven inches into the sweet, red-haired lady's cunt. His thick hard rod thrilled Trish, and she moaned as Will began to fuck her. 

"Yeah, yeah, doooo it! Oh, give it to me! Fuck me!" Trish cried. "Oh shit!"

Trish had momentarily neglected the succulent pussy that was staring her in the face, but Stella would not let her get away with that. She roughly yanked Trish to her, forcing the redhead to smack her face into Stella's wet, soft and totally hairless cunt. As Will fucked Trish from the rear, pumping his fat cock in and out of her tight slick pussy, Trish began to lick the other woman's savory snatch and liked it. Yes indeed! It was new and different, and it satisfied a need deep inside her.

Will fucked Trish with slow, steady strokes, his balls swinging and plopping against her clit as he pumped his prick in and out of her pussy. Stella held Trish's head snugly in her crotch and said, "Oooh yesss...goddamnit, that's so fucking good! Do it, sweetie! Lick that pussy! Ooh my God, yessssss..."

Will fucked Trish harder and faster, pumping his pecker in and out of her tight little hole. Trish had to pull her mouth off Stella's cunt every once in awhile to pant her pleasure, but then she went back to it, actually enjoying the taste and scent of the other woman's coochie. Most of all, she enjoyed how appreciative Stella was.

But it was the forceful stroking of Will's sturdy cock in and out of her joy-hole that had her going big time, and finally she had to neglect her female partner and just raise her head to moan while Will banged her furiously, letting all his lust loose. Trish received and appreciated the man's passionate power, urging him on with every sexy term she could think of, finally just chanting "Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!" She reveled in that sweet dirty word.

Trish came fully, from the depths of her vagina to the tip of her clit, and a wave of the most luscious warmth surged through her. Will pulled out of her pussy just in time, and his cock spurted, spreading his thick, warm cream over her back and rump.

"Ooh my Lord...!" Trish breathed, collapsing against the mattress totally satisfied.

Later the threesome shared a bottle of fine champagne, which was customary whenever a new member was initiated into the club. But Trish, ever the real estate woman, cast a momentary pall over the celebration when she remarked ruefully, "So I didn't get a listing, did I?"

"No, babe, but you're getting a lot more than that," Will pointed out.

"Trish, look at it this way," Stella supplied. "You didn't get a commission, but you gained some great experience and a lot of new friends. We'll pass you around among the men of the circle and some of them are single. Maybe you'll find just the right guy to settle down with."

Trish hesitated for a moment, then her face broke into an impish smile and she said, "Well, who the fuck wants to settle down anyway?"

"That's the spirit!" Will said. The threesome clinked glasses and laughed.