 My Husband is a long haul truck driver and is away from home a lot. I would love to go with him full time but I work and just can't join him yet. But once in awhile, I get a three day weekend and he gets a fairly short run with a lot of time to get the load there. Then I'll join in him in the truck. I love to do this because I get to be his truck stop slut.

My husband loves to see me get fucked by other men. Nothing makes his dick harder than seeing me come over and over as some stranger slams his dick into my mouth, pussy, or ass.

We get into his truck and head out. As we cover the miles to our destination, we plan our evening. We discuss how we will pick up the guy, do we want just one guy, will my husband just watch or participate. As the miles roll by, I get hotter and hotter, thinking of the evening ahead. 

Once we reach the truck stop, we grab our bags and head to the shower. I am checking out every guy we see as we walk in. Our fun time is planned, now we just have to find the right playmate.

The last time we had fun, I picked out a hot guy in his mid-thirties, with dark hair and a mustache. He was sitting in the restaurant as we walked in. The minute I saw him, I knew he was the man I wanted that night. I whispered to my hubby, "That's him!" My husband shot me a grin, then steered me towards a booth where I would have a good view of my soon to be sex partner. Our guy was just being served his meal as the waitress took our order. I had been using the menu to hide the way I was ogling this guy, but now that was gone. I looked his way and caught him gazing at me. I shot him a friendly smile and a brow lift. He grinned back at me. "Score!" I thought.

As my husband and I ate our meal and conversed, the guy and I exchanged a series of flirtatious looks Of course, my husband could see what I was doing and was amused by my sexy glances. Finally he asked, "Do you have him on the line?"

I chuckled. "The hook is set! Reel him in for me!"

My husband slid out of the booth and walked towards the stranger. He stopped at the booth and slid in across from the guy. I couldn't hear what was being said, but I kept my gave steady on the hot stranger. His gaze slid back and forth from my face to my husbands. Then he nodded. And grinned! My husband slid out of the booth and came back to join me.

He gave me a wink as he slid back in. "We got us a winner!" I smiled widely and asked, "Are we going to watch a little television tonight?'

We usually met our conquest in the TV room for a quick get acquainted meeting. Once we had exchanged a bit of small talk, the three of us would head back to our truck. I would head straight back to the sleeper and let the guys have the seats. We would pull out a half pint bottle of bourbon (yeah, we know it's against company policy!) and some paper cups and set the rules for the night.

The rules always were...

Condoms will be used.

Safe words are in place.

We are here to have fun!

As we drank our bourbon, I was looking at the stranger and imagining him naked. I finished my bourbon. He took the last swallow of his, then moved toward me. The first kiss was tentative, the second more sure. I slipped my hand between us and started unsnapping his shirt. I moved away and discarded my t-shirt. He reached for the snap on my jeans. In just minutes, we were naked and his thick cock was angled up from a nicely trimmed patch of pubic hair. As he kissed me again, I wrapped my hand around his cock and started jacking it. Oh, it was nice and thick! I felt his finger slide into my wet pussy. He pulled it out and returned with two fingers. Then he gently caressed my clit. This guy knew how I liked it! 

I heard the sound of a zipper from the front seat. My husband was loving the show! I knew he was rubbing his hard cock and fondling his balls as he watched us preparing to fuck in the sleeper.

I had a small orgasm as my clit was being teased. I grabbed a condom and opened it. I offered it to the guy but he said, "Put it on me!"

I grasped his hard cock and rolled the condom over its' length, then I slipped my mouth over it. I would have loved to have sucked him without a condom, but with a stranger, you do have to take precautions! I sucked his dick thru' that rubber while he held my head and fucked my mouth.

I pulled my mouth off of his throbbing cock and asked my husband, "Will you watch or play tonight?"

"Tonight, I'm playing", he growled in a throaty voice.

MMMMMM! I just hit the jackpot!! I would get so fucked tonight! My pussy would be sore tomorrow! In a good way! But sore! Stretched! Maybe my asshole too! Sometimes, my husband wanted to DP me. I might get two dicks in my pussy or one in my pussy and one in my ass! Whatever it was, I was ready!

My husband joined us in the sleeper and pulled the curtain. "Lie on your back across the bed", he commanded the stranger. Then he turned to me. "Are you ready for his big cock?", he asked. "Do you want him to fuck you?"

I smiled widely. "I am so ready! And I am so glad you are playing tonight also!"

He grinned. "I'm horny tonight, babe! And I'm in the mood to get crazy! I want to see this guy's dick disappear into your pussy. He is nice and thick! And while you are riding him, I'm gonna jack my dick and watch you. Then I'm going to join you two! I haven't decided if I want to stick my dick in your pussy or in your ass yet. But you are going to get stretched!" He turned his gaze to the stranger. "Are you ready to fuck my wife?"

The guy laughed. "There is nothing I enjoy more than fucking another man's wife! But with most of them, their husband doesn't know about it! This is an awesome kink! I am loving helping you satisfy you wife! How do you want me to fuck this pretty lady?

My husband replied, "Help me fuck he like the slut she is! She loves to be stretched. She likes two dicks in her pussy, she loves to have a dick in her pussy as I violate her anally!" He turned to me. "You need to mount this hard cock I found for you!'

I hurried to do just that. I took that thick, hard dick in my hand and rubbed it against my clit. Then I slid it back and just slid down it like a greased pole! Ah, it filled my pussy! MMMMM! I humped that cock as I straddled the good looking stranger. I moaned and closed my eyes. He reached up and squeezed my nipples. I was vaguely aware of my husband removing his clothes. I was reveling in the sensations this thick dick was causing in my pussy. 

Then I heard my husband's voice, "Pull her down against your chest. I am going to join you in her pussy."

I was pulled tightly against his chest, as I felt my husband start adding fingers to my pussy. He slipped in one, stretching my pussy a bit wider. He ran it back and forth beside the fat cock that was already in me. Then added a second finger. He was slowly stretching my pussy, making room for his hard cock to join the one already fucking my pussy. I love two cocks in my pussy. I was moaning as he stretched me. It felt so good! Then he pulled his wet fingers out of my pussy and slid his forefinger in my ass up to the second knuckle. I gasped! I might be getting it in the ass tonight too!

My husband laughed when he heard my gasp. "Did you like that, you sweet little slut? Do you like it when I finger your tight little asshole? You know, I might stick my cock in your little asshole tonight? But right now, I want to slide my hard dick into your hot pussy, alongside that other dick. You know I love to feel my dick rubbing against your pussy and another dick. That is the hottest feeling in the world! I love stretching your pussy wide open!" He looked at our friend. "Help me get my dick in that pussy that you are enjoying so much!"

The guy laughed. "This is my first time for this! You just tell me what to do and I'll accommodate you! Are you sure you can fit in here with me? She is pretty tight as it is!"

"Put you cock deep in her pussy and hold still", my husband directed. "I'm going to fuck this hot little whore with you! Is that okay with you, sweet little slut?'

"Oh, yes!", I moaned. "Stretch my pussy wide! I want to feel that dick in my cunt!" I felt his dick pressing against my wet pussy. For a short moment, there was resistance. The suddenly, my pussy opened and a second dick slid in next to the first. I squealed, a mixture of pure pleasure mixed with a little pain as my puss was stretched wide! The guys held still for a moment, feeling my pussy writhe around their dicks as it struggled to accommodate them. Then they began to fuck me. Building up a rhythm, one dick in, one out, alternating in my pussy, stopping occasionally, with both dicks deep in my pussy. My moans filled the sleeper. Suddenly, I was back to one dick in my pussy. My hubby had pulled out. I knew what was coming!

"Hold her still again! I gotta tap that ass! She'll squeal when I pop it in! You might have to hold her still! Damn! I love to stretch her like this! It is so hot to feel your cock in her pussy while I ream her ass! And I love hearing her moan and squeal!"

I felt myself being pulled tight against the strangers chest again. He folded me in his arms and whispered in my ear. "Hang on, babe! This is so hot! I am loving this! I want to fuck you forever! Feeling another cock rub against mine for the first time was fucking amazing! I need to feel his dick rub against mine while it is in your ass!" Then I felt a lubed finger enter my ass. Good! I wouldn't have to take it dry this time! There was a good dollop on lube but he barely penetrated me. I knew he wanted my ass tight. He loves feeling my asshole squeeze down on his cock as he penetrates me. And he loves hearing me gasp and wince as he opens me up.

"Grab her ass cheeks and spread her for me, dude! You are gonna love this! Her pussy is gonna get wetter and tighter! And she is gonna squeal and scream!.

The stranger grasped my cheeks and pulled them apart. I felt the air hit my little rosebud, then I felt the head of his dick touch the rim of my asshole. For a moment, he just held it there, gradually increasing the pressure. Then he pulled back and thrust forward. His dick split my ass! I squealed! Oh, fuck! His dick was lodged in my ass, just beyond the larger ring of flesh that made up the corona. He held it steady as my ass relaxed and my ears quit ringing. I looked down at the strangers face. He was totally aroused.

He moaned. "Damn, sugar! This is hot! We are wrecking your tight little ass and puss! Are you sure you're okay? I want to fuck you a lot more!"

I felt the dick in my ass start to inch its' way in, stretching the passage. I heard my husband moan. He loves to violate my ass! He likes it nasty! He asked the stranger, "What do you think, buddy? Do you like fucking my wife?"

The stranger laughed, "This is totally awesome! The most outrageous thing I've ever done! Damn, I'm lovin' it! I want to fuck this hot, sexy bitch all night!"

The guys fell into a steady rhythm in my pussy and ass. I just rode the pleasure waves. I was coming over and over. Squealing, panting, telling them to fuck me. They discussed me over my shoulder. I heard my self called slut, whore, bitch, cunt but always prefaced with word like sweet, sexy, pretty and hot. My ass and pussy were on fire! 

Then, the sexy stranger under me stiffened. "Oh, I'm gonna cum!" he moaned. I am gonna shoot in her pussy! In her stretched out, hot pussy!"

"Do it!" my husband replied. "Shoot your wad in her hot cunt! I'll be right behind you!"

The stranger pulled me down into a deep kiss and he exploded in my cunt! Seconds later, I felt my husband drive his dick deeply in my ass and I knew he was spurting hot cum also. I exploded in one last orgasm.

We lay there, panting and dazed, as our bodies recovered. We were totally fucked out! I knew I would be a bit sore tomorrow. I smiled at the thought!

After catching our breath, we drank some water and exchanged names. The stranger gave us his cell phone number and asked us to call him for an encore anytime we were in the area. We made no promises, but it is a possibility.

The next day, we sleep in, make the delivery in late afternoon and headed this big rig home. Back in the office, everyone wanted to know how the trip was. In my modest slacks and top, I know none of them would believe that I am just a truck stop slut who loves to fuck random strangers!