 Jeff led Chloe to the enormous king sized bed in the spacious bedroom. She stopped short of the bed and they kissed again. He motioned for her to lie down but she hesitated.

"My pantyhose are still kind of wet," she stated.

"Don't worry about it. They'll need to change the sheets anyway," he replied with a laugh.

Jeff scooped Chloe up in his arms and tossed her into the middle of the bed in one swift motion. She squealed in surprise at his playful gesture. They both laughed and he went into the bathroom.

"Make yourself comfortable," he said from the other room.

"Mmmmmmm...I will," she replied stretching out her arms and legs and sliding them over the soft cotton sheets.

She rolled onto her stomach in the middle of the bed and placed her head on one of the cushy pillows. Chloe could smell Jeff's colon on the sheets and it was a pleasant aroma. As she began to relax her mind wandered over the events of the day. It's been a long day she thought to herself, and I could fall asleep right here. I can't believe I'm this tired after that nap I took. Caught up in her thoughts, Chloe jumped when she felt Jeff climb into bed near her hosed feet.

"I didn't mean to scare you," he said in a soothing voice. 

He picked up her right foot and softly kissed her toes, one at a time through her nylons. He pushed his tongue between them as far as the sheer material would allow. Chloe giggled like a school girl as Jeff's kissing and licking was tickling her foot. His hands moved up and down her firm calf gliding over the silky nylon surrounding it. He switched feet and repeated the process on the other leg, bringing more giggles from her. 

Jeff set her foot back down on the bed and moved over her legs, resting his ass on her heels. She could feel the warmth of his balls as they settled in between the bottom part of her calves. He sat there for a moment, unmoving watching her as she lay before him. His eyes were drawn to the two hemispheres of her beautiful round ass those glossy nylons. He leaned forward and kissed each one then sat up. He followed the curves of her legs down her thighs to the back of her knees. The pantyhose appeared to take on a subtle glow bathed in the soft overhead light. Jeff could feel his cock stir once again. Placing a hand on each leg, he slowly ran them up to her lovely buttocks and back down. His touch was very delicate, barely skimming over the surface of the sheer material. He repeated this several times. 

"Mmmmmmm...That feels nice," Chloe said softly.

His touch was soothing and she was beginning to drift off a bit. It took a conscious effort to stay awake. She felt his hands start to knead the muscles in her lower legs. It was firm but not painful. His fingers worked their way up her calves to her knees and she loved what he was doing. Her pussy began to tingle with desire. 

Chloe felt wonderful to him. Her body was intoxicating. He wanted to feel every inch of her especially her velvety legs and ass. He massaged his way up to her thighs, squeezing and kneading the muscles. She moaned softly as he did this. When he finally reached her amazing ass, he took his time. He made sure to use all the tricks and techniques he knew to please her. Her moans let him know he was doing well. He lingered here for several minutes as it is the location of many acupressure points.

Before moving farther up her body Jeff shifted his position forward. He was now sitting above her knees and when he would lean over, Chloe could feel the heat of his hard cock lying in the valley of her thighs, leaking pre cum on her hose. Jeff resumed his massage on the baby soft skin of her back. His fingers worked their magic along her spine and down her sides. Reaching her shoulders and neck, she couldn't believe how talented he was. Not only was she very relaxed but she was getting turned on again. He kissed her neck then her shoulders then worked his way back down her body toward the small of her back.

Jeff adjusted his position slightly allowing Chloe to open her legs a small amount. Now he slid his hands along her sides and under her arms, resting his weight mostly on his elbows and pinning Chloe under him. His hands closed around her wrists holding her firmly in place. 

"Now I've got you," he whispered in her ear.

Jeff lowered his hips until they pressed against Chloe's thighs. This pushed his cock deeper between them.

"What are you going to do to me?" she asked.

"Well what ever I do, you won't be able to do anything about it," he said in a low voice kissing her ear. 

To emphasize his point, Jeff rocked his hips forward causing his cock to glide along her pre cum soaked nylon covered thighs and push into the outer folds of her pussy. 

"Oh you think so hmm?" she said clamping her thighs tightly together and contracting her vaginal muscles to block his entry.

"Mmmmm...That feels great," Jeff said with a slight chuckle.

His hips continued to press slowly forward and the head of his slippery cock was now forcing its way past the tight ring of muscle guarding the inner depths of her pussy. Try as she might she couldn't prevent his penetration. His hard cock inched its way deeper inside. She was straining to resist the slow impalement on his rigid pole but at last she couldn't hold out any longer. When she relaxed her vaginal grip Jeff sank the remainder of his cock into her fiery hole.

"Oh God," she gasped as she felt his balls press into the crack of her ass.

"Resistance is futile," he said nibbling at her ear.

Chloe twisted and wriggled beneath him but he held her in position. She couldn't break his grip on her wrists either. He was just too big and too strong for her. She grew tired of struggling and resigned herself to submit to his will. When she stopped moving, Jeff started to make figure eights with his hips. The head of his hard cock was swiping back and forth over her g-spot teasing her beyond belief. He wouldn't concentrate on that sensitive spot long enough to send her over the edge to a new orgasm. It was maddening. 

"Oh please stop teasing me...Make me cum...please make me cum," Chloe begged still trying to shift herself into a position that would keep his cock on her special spot.

"But you're still struggling."

"No...I just want your cock to make me cum," she said with a bit of desperation in her voice.

"So you give up?"

"Yes...Do what you want...Just make me cum," she answered, swallowing her pride. 

Jeff released her arms and pushed himself up; sliding back off her legs, he grabbed her ankle and flipped Chloe over forcibly. She had a confused and disappointed look on her face. His cock stood erect with her juices dripping down the shaft like an ice cream cone in the hot sun. Placing her silky legs on his shoulders and moving forward once again, he had her nearly folded in half as he took hold of her wrists, pinning them to the bed. He laid his slick penis into the creamy valley of Chloe's pussy lips then slid it along her cleft drawing the hard shaft over her throbbing clit.

"Mmmmmmmmmmmmmm," she let out a long low moan.

Jeff continued to glide his cock on her clit, teasing her even more, and then with out warning he stabbed his rigid member into her gaping hole until his balls slapped into her puckered ass. Chloe gasped at the unexpected intrusion of his entire cock into her tight pussy, then she smiled in deep satisfaction.

"Give it to me baby. Fuck me hard... I want to...," she started to say.

He didn't let her finish, thrusting into her hard and fast with his steely cock. The wet slapping of their bodies and Chloe's cries of pleasure filled the room.

"Yes...yes...yes...Oh My GOD!" she screamed as she was hit with a violent orgasm.

Jeff could feel her pussy squeezing his pistoning cock as she came; this just made him fuck her faster and harder. 

"Aaahhh...yes...fuck me...fuck me, yes...more...more!"

Jeff was reaching his limit, nearing exhaustion with his energetic pounding of the tiny woman beneath him. He was about to cum. Releasing Chloe's arms and shrugged her legs from his shoulders. His arms went around her heaving body and he buried his face in the pillow next to her head. She could tell he was about to cum so she wrapped her velvety nylon encased legs around his waist and held on. Jeff's jack hammering thrusts became erratic, violent stabs as his orgasm began.

"Oh yes baby...cum for me...cum in your slutty little whore...mmmmm...it feels soooo good. Fill me up with your hot cum...I want it all inside me," Chloe moaned as waves of her own orgasm still rolled through her body.

Jeff's jerky thrusts stopped but Chloe kept her legs clamped around him. She wanted to milk every last drop of his semen from his balls before releasing him from her silken grip. Jeff raised his head and looked into her sparkling eyes.

"You drained me dry," he said in a raspy voice feeling her pussy still working on his cock.

"Just making sure I get all of it," she replied with a big smile her vaginal muscles gripping him tight.

He chuckled and kissed her passionately on the lips for a moment then said, "I think I'm finished for the night."

Chloe stuck out her lower lip in a pout and said, "Awww, I was just getting ready for round three."

They both laughed and Jeff rolled off of her.

"You're going to wear me out," he said still trying to catch his breath.

"I wouldn't let that happen...I've still got nine days of vacation left."

"I hope I survive."

'This is going to be a fun holiday after all,' Chloe thought to herself as she snuggled into his chest.

They drifted off to sleep in each others arms as the soft glow on the horizon heralded a new day.