 This didn't happen, and not a fantasy, though does incorporate things from my fantasies in it, it's just a little tale that came to me sitting around bored.

The sweltering night time heat forces me outside, the electricity was out in the little office. No more air conditioning, no more games, and no one to talk to. The phone even is out, it's one of those high tech ones that plugs into the wall.

There I stand outside in the dark, nominally working as a security guard in this truck parking lot, the light from the street only occasionally brightened by the passing of a car or another semi. As I sit in a chair I pulled out of the office to sit in the slightly cooler outside my thoughts stray to of all things sex. I'm not afraid of the dark or anything silly like that, but just the where I am with no avenue of contact available until the blasted power comes back, I can be raped and killed, or killed and raped or any of a thousand things, and no one would know until I was due to go home and my replacement arrives.

Despite this very real and plausible fear, well mostly plausible, there isn't an actual house for some miles and the closest store is 2 miles. I find myself thinking of sex, I haven't had sex since my last boyfriend, some 8 months ago, my desire and need to have a hard cock shoving its way into me manifests itself at some of the oddest times. Not only when I am watching a movie or show with this incredibly hunky man, but when I am parked at a red light watching this incredibly old man crossing the street with a walker, I don't think hurry up before the lights change, I start thinking about having a hung man above me sliding his cock in me and fucking my brains out. I don't think of the old man doing this, at his age I doubt he could if he wanted to, I find myself thinking of the gorgeous hunk I see at the store sometimes wearing the barely there mostly see through shirt with the tight shorts and a body to die for. 

He isn't the only man I think of either, I go through time with my thoughts, I think of my 8th grade math teacher, I think of New Kids on the Block, the hunk I saw on the news 10 years ago, you think of a gorgeous or kind of gorgeous man and I would have thoughts about him or them being on top of me, all around me and pleasuring me.

With these oh so naughty thoughts working their way down my body and nestling between my legs, I find myself holding my breasts, running my fingers up and down over my nipples until they are hard as stone before taking one then the other between my fingers. I pinch at them, pull on them, even twist and yank them, I don't know for how long, maybe hours, maybe minutes. All I do know is that my pants were wet from the juices leaking out of me and I was moaning at each touch of my breasts. One hand then both travel down my body to my pants undoing them then pulling them down away from my sopping on fire cunt.

I moan louder as one finger finds its way between my legs, over my clit and down to my cunt rubbing at me there collecting juices on my fingers before moving back up and pressing into my clit, slowly circling before speeding up. My free hand is busy with my breasts, so not so free, but doing wonders for my arousal. As my hips take on a life of their own and thrust at my fingers my not so free hand travels down past the busy one. It just hovers for a second, teasing me before I finally get it to move and slide one then two and finally a third finger inside of myself. It doesn't just sit still basking in the accomplishment, it moves in and out, curling the fingers up into me a little. My hips are moving faster, my moans are louder, and I am there. 

I fairly shriek it out as my body convulses in the throes of a toe curling orgasm, my hips jerking up and down into my fingers. As I am coming down off the nice high of a solo orgasm I notice someone is clapping. Standing up before my eyes open I am pulling my pants back up, fixing my bunched shirt and generally turning bright red, I'm talking the red of Rudolph. I am quite sure I am actually glowing red as I look up at the man who was clapping, he is one of the truck drivers I assume, so far no one else has bothered to come into the lot while I am there, mores the pity, I wouldn't mind having a man in uniform show up there to take a statement from me.

This thought brings to the forefront the last time a man in uniform came here while I was. He was tall, had broad shoulders, short brown hair and those blue eyes that you just fall into. He was anything but strictly professional with me, I admit I flirted back a little, I was still dating my ex at the time. My ex was very thankful for the night I gave him after that though, this cop was a total hunk with a rich voice that would melt butter in a snow storm.

Suddenly I am back at that day, with this hunky cop flirting with me and instead of just flirting a little I am telling him exactly what I want to have him do to me. Then he is, his strong hands are all over me taking off my clothes, running up and down my body in the process, then his mouth is on one nipple, his teeth lightly nibbling at me before switching to the other. My hands are on the back of his head, at first holding him to me, then pushing him down. He doesn't resist and places kisses down my stomach before spreading my legs more and running his tongue up my lips. I practically fall over with that, his hands grab me and hold me up while he continues to lick at me, his tongue darting all over my lips, inside me, over my clit. What really set me off though was his suddenly slipping my clit into his mouth, sucking and pulling on it a little before gently nibbling at me. 

With a long moan I cum all over his face, my knees giving way on me. Somehow he catches me and sets me leaning over on the hood if his car, still running even, the radio in it sputtering now and then as he stands behind me, running his hands up and down my legs and pussy. Then I hear his pants drop and feel his hard cock pressing up against me, my legs part a little more and I brace myself for him. I moan as his cock starts pressing into me, then sliding in, he is so big and long and hot.

I am shocked back to reality by the mans hands on my shoulders as he shakes me a little. With a start I look up at him, turning brighter red I am sure and focus in on what he is saying.

"I'm the new driver for Bedding Transport, they told me to get my truck here at spot 216." He tells me for the I don't know how many times before it registers and I head inside the sweltering office taking out a flashlight to look about for the customer lists. 

Have to make sure the spot he listed is one of their spots, I am so not going to let someone drive off with a truck not theirs, after all I'm there to make sure it doesn't happen. As I am looking about for the darn paper the lights come back on and I notice that the new driver is in the office with me, standing in the doorway. I get a chance to give him a good look, and I so like what I am seeing. He is darker than I am, but not black, he must be Mexican or something, but his voice is not flavored by an accent so actually placing him is impossible. His shoulders are broad, his arms a little thicker, his shirt is a pull on that fits over him baggy tucked into a nice grey pair of slacks. His face is definitely Adonis like topped with a well ordered short cut head of black hair. Despite myself I am drooling over him and lean forward shoving out my chest.

He moves toward me taking the flashlight out of my hand and placing it on the desk behind me to one side allowing him to push me back onto the desk. I let him, feeling my nipples getting even harder, my pussy getting wetter and hotter. His hands roam over me, at first content with feeling at my body, but then getting more forward they undo the buttons on my shirt before pulling it open. They feast on my braless breasts for quite some time, his head leaning over me looking down at them, from time to time letting out groans of appreciation.

While his hands are busy with my breasts mine are not idle, they start by running through his hair, run down his head to his shoulders then down the sides of him, reaching his pants they grab at his crotch, first undoing the button, then unzipping him. With his pants open one hand sneaks in to enemy territory and finds his erection unfettered by boxers or briefs, commando is such a nice thing to find on a man your about to let screw you. For some time my hands alternate between stroking him, and fondling his balls before moving back up a little to his shirt and pulling it up, he stops playing with my breasts for a moment as he pulls his shirt off all the way before coming back to my breasts. My hands go back to his head, though this time they have a purpose, grabbing hold of him gently I pull his head down to my breasts, my nipples practically screaming to be sucked on.

My moan of pleasure announces his successful joining to one nipple. As his tongue darts all over it in his mouth, his teeth nibbling away, my hands go to my own pants. Swiftly they are undone yet again, this time for a much better use of me, somehow I managed to get my butt off the desk long enough to get my pants and panties past my knees without him losing contact with my breast. Once there I sit back up on the desk and get the pants and panties off of me without any help from him, tie less shoes are such a godsend to people about to embark onto the sea of nameless sex.

With my clothes gone I pull his pants down, grab hold of his very hard cock and pull him farther between my legs, moaning as I feel him pressing at me. Just a little of his hard member enters me at first, eagerly I wrap my legs around him and pull him into me, sliding my butt forward on the desk allowing all of him inside of me. I moan as I stretch a tad for him, he groans out a god your tight then starts moving, slowly at first, his cock sliding in and out of my body, every single bit of me feeling it.

My legs pull harder at him as the feelings begin to get stronger, his cock in me moving back and forth was quickly working it's way up to an orgasm. My hips thrust out at him as he moves into me, my legs pulled at him as he pulls away trying to force him to move faster and harder. He catches the hint and starts to really go in me, his cock shoving its way in and out of me at a pace so fast my breasts are bouncing all over the place.

Suddenly my orgasm is over me, I am shrieking my pleasure to the heavens and he is leaning over me, a grin on his face, his cock still moving in me. His continual pumping of me sends me over the edge again before the first one was finished, then again, and again. My string of orgasms leaves me weak and half conscious, so much so that he turns me over and has me bent over the desk fucking me hard before I even know what's going on.

The feeling of him back there like that is just incredible, I find myself moaning and screaming over and over for him to fuck me and fuck me harder. Finally after what seemed like an eternity of pleasure he lets out a yelp, shoves himself in me a little farther than I had thought possible, and let out a mighty shot of heat. I moan as he starts shooting his hot cum in me, the first shot setting off another orgasm, the second third and fourth shots extending it. At the end of his cumming in me my pussy is very full of his hot cum, some of it seeping out around his slowly moving cock. I can feel the heat of him spreading out in me, getting to every little nook and cranny in me.

After a few minutes he pulls his cock from me fully, shoves it back in his pants and retrieves his shirt. The entire time I am leaning over the desk, my legs spread a little, my pussy red and swollen with his cum oozing out of me and running down my thighs. I said leaning didn't I, it wasn't a leaning so much as holding onto the other end so as not to slide off onto the floor.

As I lay there trying to collect myself enough to get up again, his cum oozing out of me and running down my thighs, I hear him talking to another man. It takes me a moment to realize that another person is now staring at me bent over the desk a strangers cum running down my thighs. I start to get up again when I feel him pressing into me, his pants still on though unzipped, with one hand he presses onto my back, the other busy getting his pants to fall. 

After giving a brief resistance his cock is pressing into me and I give in, it feels so good there, and what sex I had gotten already wasn't enough. My head goes back down to the desk and I moan as his cock pushes further into me. He is thicker than the last and every inch he pushes in brings me closer and closer to another orgasm. I am trembling in the throes of a minor one as his balls press into me. This man has a set of low hangers because his balls are actually hanging below my clit, as I find out as he starts moving that means they will swing up into my clit. He is now fucking into me, his cock squishing as it moves in and out of me, the last mans cum seeping out around this new cock.

I don't know how long he fucked me for, all I do know is that I was screaming as I came several times before he was grunting and groaning, his hands grabbing onto my hips and jerking into me. I came one last time as his cum shot into me. This time I almost did fall to the ground as he pulled out of me, luckily the second man hadn't moved very far. He caught me as I was sliding down, with his strong hands around me he moves us over to a chair and sits me in it.

I am so tired from the orgasms I had been put through, I barely can keep my eyes open. I stayed awake long enough to learn that the new drivers name is John, and something about worth it before my eyes close and my chin hits my chest.