 I awoke, hard, from an afternoon post coital doze. I had fallen asleep after we had made love, though I was aware my lover was probably not fully sated. I had murmured to her as I fell asleep, 

"You'd best go and find our friends."

So I was not too surprised when I awoke to find that she was not there. I glanced at the clock and realised that I had been asleep for about an hour. I had been having an erotic dream about the previous day, both morning and afternoon. I was feeling very aroused again, and thought that I should go and find my lover, and perhaps our friends, and see what we could do.

I remembered that she had earlier mentioned going to the pool. The swimming pool was used by all of us, but fairly rarely, so we were often the only people there. Apparel was optional, and we had seen some of our neighbours there before, and the sight of their naked bodies had fed some of our fantasies over the past week. Indeed our blonde lady friend of the last few days had first tried to tempt me there. I wrapped a sarong around myself and my erection, and moved off towards the pool, which was in a secluded area, surrounded by trees. 

Although we had seen some sexual activity there before, it was generally of a discreet, if nonetheless stimulating, nature. We had not,admittedly, been very discreet at the pool on our first morning here. But I was still not really prepared for what I saw when I drew near to the pool.

My lover was lying naked on a lounger. The blonde's man from yesterday was standing above her head, bending over her, and he was kissing and squeezing and sucking her tits and nipples. She had reached up with her right hand and was squeezing his thick hard cock as he sucked her nipples. Her legs were spread wide, and kneeling between them was another man, who at this stage I could not recognise, as his face was buried deep between her legs as he sucked her clit and pussy. Her left hand was holding his head hard against her pussy as she thrust into his face. My timing was very good, as, within a few seconds of my seeing them, she arched her back and with a low moan came into the mouth of the man between her legs. He did to not stop, and the other man continued to suck her nipples, and her pumping of the thick cock became faster and very soon she came again.

I felt a slight twinge of jealousy, but I was mainly pleased that she was having such a good time, and, without any doubt, it was very, very exciting to watch. I heard a movement behind me, but before I had a chance to turn around, our blonde friend from the previous two days pressed her naked body against my back, and reached round to hold me, and to hold my now very long hard cock.

"It's exciting to watch, isn't it," she murmured.

" Yes, it is," I replied, reaching back to squeeze her buttocks and press her harder against me, "but who is the other man?"

" Oh, you'll recognize him when you see him. I have been playing with his friend."

As if on cue, my companion from yesterday morning with her large firm breasts, dark pubic hair and warm smile came towards us. She looked across to where my lover was coming for a third time, and her smile broadened as she said quietly,

"We have some catching up to do."

Without any further words, they both knelt down and undid my sarong. My cock was long and hard with the excitement of watching my lover being pleasured by two men, and the thrill of two beautiful naked female bodies touching me. They began to kiss and lick my cock and balls while playing with each other's clits, and rubbing their tits against my thighs. We were all three getting very excited.

I watched as the men with my lover changed ends. The man who had been kissing her pussy moved up to her head. I recognised him now, the man she had been with yesterday morning. Their activities had made her blush when she had told me about them. Our friend from the previous day moved down and, as he had done the previous day, he knelt and lifted her hips on to his thighs and thrust his thick cock deep into her pussy and began to fuck her hard and fast. She moaned as he entered her, and she reached up and grasped the long, but thinner cock above her face, and pulled it down towards her mouth. He was squeezing her tits and pulling her nipples as the other man fucked her hard and, very quickly, she came loudly. 

My friends were also watching as they kissed my cock and each other's lips, and rubbed each other's clits harder and rubbed their tits against my thighs, and soon after my lover came, first my friend, and then the blonde, came themselves, moaning into my cock, and holding onto me and to each other. 

As the two women came at my feet, I watched as the blonde's man pumped hard and fast into my lover, and with a grimace and a groan, he came inside her. My lover let go of the cock in her hand, and gently, but firmly, pushed the sated man off her, and got up. 

"I need to cool off," she said, and slipped into the pool, followed closely by her companion from yesterday morning, who was still priapic and in need of fulfilment. I moved, abandoning the women at my feet, and sat at the edge of the pool, my feet in the water.

The two women recovered themselves, got up, and moved over to the lounger where the blonde's man was prostrate, and drew another lounger next to it. The man who had just spent inside my lover was lying on his back, eyes closed. The blonde moved to lay next to him on one side, and ny companion from yesterday morning lay on the other, and they both began to kiss him and rub against him. 

My lover swam over to me, and leaned against my legs and nuzzled my balls, and very hard cock, still wet with saliva. 

"I love you, you know," she murmured. 

I stroked her wet hair, and said,

"I know. Enjoy yourself. There is an eager man behind you, as well as me in front of you."

I nodded to my olive skinned lover's man, who was maintaining a discreet distance in the water, and he moved up close behind my lover, who pushed her hips back to press against his hard cock, while holding tighter to my legs, her tits rubbing against them, and kissing my cock with more passion. He held her hips, and lifted her legs from the bottom of the pool. She spread her legs wide, and I heard her gasp and felt her spasm of pleasure as the long cock slid into her. She put my cock into her mouth and sucked me as I watched her being fucked in the water. I looked across to the loungers, where the three, the blonde, her man, and my companion from the previous morning, had rearranged themselves into a circle, with the brunette sucking the now hard again cock of the man. He was kissing, licking and sucking his partner's pussy, and her head was deep between the legs of the brunette. They were moving rhythmically and it was very stimulating to watch. However, my attention was quickly drawn back to the pleasure in my cock as it was loved by my lover, and to the pleasure that was building in my lover from the dual pleasure of the cock in her pussy, and the cock in her mouth. One man was holding her hips and another, me, was stroking and holding her head. I felt, and saw, her stiffen, and with a moan into my cock, she came, her buttocks tightly clasped then releasing several times. 

The man in the pool slid out of my lover and I held her as she recovered a little. I looked across to the loungers, as did my companions, just in time to see the two women coming as their pussies were being sucked. Almost as if planned in advance, all three almost immediately turned around, like synchronised swimmers, so that he was sucking the brunette's pussy, she was sucking the blonde's pussy, and she was sucking her partner's cock. They seems to be quite engaged in what they were doing, and oblivious to us. 

My lover said quietly,

" I want you both inside me, back and front."

I slid into the water, and holding her in my arms, her legs wrapped around me, I slid into her hot, wet and well fucked pussy. Our companion stood behind her, and spreading her buttocks apart, he insinuated his cock into her back entrance. She gasped a little, but soon he was deep in back and I could feel his cock close to mine, inside my lover. He stood close behind her and fondled her tits and nipples with one hand while he stroked her clit with the other, and I kissed her full on the lips. She was very soon lost in the pleasure of two cocks inside her, my lips kissing her with love and passion, and her nipples and clit being stimulated by her companion from yesterday. Very quickly, she came. We continued to move in her, and she hit a rhythm and came and came and came. After about ten orgasms she gasped 

" Enough, ''

but by this time both the other man and myself were in a state of heightened excitement, and stopping was not an optio . 

"I'm going to come in you," I whispered

"So am I," grunted the man.

"Oh, yes, oh yes," she moaned, writhing on both our cocks and whimpering with pleasure.

We moved in her, she moved on us, and as I felt his cock stiffen in her back passage and pulse as he came hot and hard into her. I, too,spilled my load into her pussy, and she also came extravagantly with both of us.

The man slid out of her, kissed her neck and then swam away. I had forgotten about the other three, whom I now saw were lying in a tangled heap, obviously sated, he only semi tumescent, and all three stroking each other. The man who had been with us got out of the pool, showered and cleaned himself quickly, and, with no words, walked over to the loungers and made a space for himself in the circle, his head close to the top of his lover's legs, and his crotch close to our blonde friend's face. 

I was still holding my lover, my cock detumescing inside her, her legs wrapped around me. Her head resting on my shoulders.

"Enough for today?" I whispered.

"Yes," she murmured, "I want to be with just you now."

"Yes,' I replied, "time to go back and be ourselves for the evening."

We got out of the pool, and with a wave to the four on the loungers, who looked as if they were working up to start something new, we gathered our sarongs and walked back hand in hand to our room.