 Working in a ladies lingerie store is sometimes a very boring job, surprisingly. Most of the time I am the only person working and when there is no customers I am usually bored out of my mind. Today is no exception. I have spent most of the day watching people walk by the store going to the more popular stores in the mall. I watched one couple walk by hand in hand, she was busy talking and he caught my eye as they passed. I smiled at him, thinking he was quite attractive. About a half hour later, I was busy folding and reorganizing the panty display when I saw the man walk in. 

"Hello, can I help you find anything?" I ask him. 

"I am looking for a present for my wife. Is it ok if I look around and see if I can find something?"

"Yes, go ahead, I will be over here if you need anything," I say and return to my job. 

I finish what I am doing an move on to reshelving clothes that people have taken off the shelves and put in the wrong place. It is while I am doing this that my coworker comes in for her shift. I am putting a red lacy number back where it goes when he approaches me. 

"I like that, but is there anything more.. Umm.. Costume like?' he asks me.

"I'm sorry, I don't understand what you mean," I say.

"Well, I want something like a schoolgirl outfit, or maybe a French maid... something of that nature?"

I smile and nod, " I think we may have a new shipment in the back.. Let me go look.'

I go into the back storeroom and look for what he has requested. I don't know what made me do it but when I found the box I was looking for decided to put one on. I pulled my cell out of my pocket and texted my coworker Ashley and told her to discreetly lock the doors and then meet me in the backroom. While I was waiting for her to come back I proceeded to change my clothes. By the time she came to the back, I was wearing the tight white blouse tied under my breasts with no buttons done, no bra underneath, a red and black plaid skirt that barely covered my ass and crotch less panties. I was just pulling on the thigh highs when she entered. 

"What are you doing Ally?" She whispered as she pushed the door closed behind her. 

"That man out there wants to buy something for his wife and he is undecided. I thought what better way to decide then to see them? Put that outfit on and come out when you are done." I say with a smile. 

I slide my feet into a pair of high heels as I turn and leave the room. 

His back was turned when I walk out of the storeroom. 

"I found some," I say as I approach him. 

His jaw drops as he turns around. He slowly looks me up and down, taking in the view from head to toe. He licks his lips as he meets my eyes. Just then Ashley walks out of the back room with the French maids outfit. As he takes the sight of her in, I approach him. I grasp his cock through his pants. 

"Do you want to see them in action?" I ask. 

He nods in response, not taking his eyes off Ashley. I take his hand and lead him to the office so that we cant be seen by anyone walking by. When Ashley enters the office and closes the door I walk over to her and begin to kiss her. I hear a zipper and turn to see that he has taken his cock out and is stroking it. I drop down to my knees and raise the skirt of her outfit to reveal that she is wearing crotch less panties much like the ones I am wearing. I slide my fingers under the sides of her panties and pull her lips apart so I can lick her pussy through the hole in her panties. I lick her clit before sucking it into my mouth and roughly playing with it. I flick her clit with my tongue eliciting moans from her. As I am eating her pussy I hear her talking to him.. 

"What is your name? I am Ashley and this hot little bitch eating my pussy is Ally."

"Evan..." he pants. 

"MMM.. Evan, stroke that cock.. Yeah, play with that cock for us baby.. "

Ashley grabs my head and grinds her pussy into my mouth. 

I hear something moving behind me before I hear Evan " Ashley come sit on the edge of the desk.. And ally I want you to bend over this chair and continue to eat Ashley. Make her cum all over your tongue."

We do as he asks. I am bent over the chair and return to the her tight pussy. I flick her clit as I slide a finger inside of her. As my finger is sliding in and out of her wet pussy, I feel Evans finger slide into me. First one finger, then two. In and out, he fucks my pussy with his fingers. He pulls them out and before I can miss them I feel him sliding his nine inch cock inside me. He fucks me through the hole in my panties, ramming me in and out.. 

"Oh, yes, Evan fuck her tight little pussy. Mmm.. Make her beg for more. Yes, that big cock is stretching her out."

He pulls out of me and pulls my panties down. He then shoves his cock back inside me. He is ramming his cock in my pussy as he reaches around me and plays with my breasts. 

"I want some of that hard cock, Evan, Ally is being greedy keeping you all to herself..." Ashley says. 

Evan pulls out of me and tells me to take Ashley's panties off. As I am doing so, he moves the chair so the back is up against the desk. He tells me to sit on the chair and slouch down so that my head is on the desk, and he has Ashley get on all fours on the desk, lowering her pussy to my mouth. He then straddles the chair and brings his cock to her pussy. I take her clit into my mouth as he slides his cock into her. Together we are tearing up her hot, wet pussy. He is ramming her hard and fast, grinding her pussy into my mouth. He pulls out of her and I take his cock full her juices into my mouth. He fucks my mouth for a minute then fucks her pussy. He does this back and forth for awhile then he has me get up and tells her to get up on her knees facing me. He sits in the chair as I was with his head between her legs. 

I drop to my knees and take him into my mouth again. I lick his entire shaft from the head to the balls. I then take his balls into my mouth and suck them gently while stroking his cock with my hand. I lick my way back up his cock, twirling my tongue around him. I suck the head of his cock back into my mouth and begin to fuck him with my mouth. As I am sucking him, I look up and see that he is eating Ashley's pussy. 

I stand up and straddle him and lower my pussy onto his saliva covered cock. I slide up and down his cock slowly teasing him. Without moving away from Ashley's pussy, he grabs my hips and forces me down hard on his cock, With his hands, on my hips, he guides me up and down his cock fast and hard. While I am fucking him, I lean forward and open up Ashley's dress and take her tits out. I take one of her nipples in my mouth while pinching the other. I do this back and forth and soon she is quivering as she cums in Evan's mouth. 

Now that Ashley has finished cumming, Evan sits up and fully concentrates on fucking my pussy. Hands on my hips, he is slamming my pussy on his cock, He leans forward and takes a nipple into his mouth biting it roughly. Just as I feel his cock begin to spurt his cum into my pussy, I begin to cum. Biting my lip I ride him, cumming on his cock as he fills my pussy. 

When my body finally stops quivering I stand up and allow him to stand. 

He smiles and says, "I will take both. I don't know which one I like better..."

Ashley and I make our way to the store room and change back to our own clothes and give the ones we just took off to him. 

"I will be back in here next month for an anniversary present for my wife. I hope you ladies are here..." he says as he is leaving the store. 

"I wonder if she will realize those clothes smell like pussy.." I tell Ashley with a giggle.