 Gang bang at the Trucker's Bar

Hi my name is Vicki and one thing I love doing is flashing and teasing truckers. I would drive along and flash truckers my tits and pussy when ever I had the chance. Well one day my girlfriend Tina and I were going out shopping and she would always join in on the flashing. I was wearing a short zipper front dress, stockings and heels and she was wearing a tight black blouse, pleated skirt, heels and stockings.

As we were driving we came across this out of the way truck stop. The sign outside showed that it had diesel fuel, food and games. Tina and I decided to stop in and take a look. Once we were inside we could see a restaurant area and a game room with video machines, jukebox and a pool table. There were maybe 15 or so men and 7 or so woman either eating, playing video games or just sitting talking. We decided to stay and check the place out for a bit. 

We saw that they served beer so we got ourselves a couple drinks and went into the pool room area. There were a bunch of guys in there playing pool and video poker so we sat down to watch. All of the guys were looking at Tina and I as we sat on the stool showing off our legs and cleavage. A few of them started to come over and make small talk with us and asked us if we'd like to dance. We took turns dancing with the different guys grinding against them and letting them grab our ass and just having fun. Then Tina started in on me with the dares. 

Tina "OK dare time. You have to pick out a guy and give him a blow job."

Vicki "There's no where in her to do that unless I do him right out I the open."

Tina laughed "They have trucks you can do it there."

Her dare to me was the same as the one I gave her when we had went to the bar, which was to pick out a guy and give him a blow job. Well the pool room here was not as out of the way as it was at the bar where she did it so a truck cab would have to do. I laughed and agreed to the dare.

I started checking out the guys to see which one I wanted to do it with. There was one guy who had was pretty good looking and a nice build so I picked him for the dare. So i started dancing with him letting him feel my ass and grinding against his crotch. It wasn't long before I could feel that his cock was nice and hard. I suggested to him that we go somewhere more private and he suggested his truck.

We went outside and started walking around the building to the truck parking when I had second thoughts of getting in an enclosed area with a stranger. I looked around and saw a semi enclosed area next to the building where a wooden fence was and a storage bin. I took him by the hand and lead him over there instead of his truck. He didn't put up any resistance and once we got behind the container I started opening his pants up.

Trucker "You want to do it here?"

Vicki "Sure I love doing it outdoors."

I knelled down in front of him and started sucking his cock letting my lips slide along his shaft as he held my head and fucked my mouth. He was reaching down squeezing my tit so I opened my blouse for him for easier access. He fucked my mouth for a good long time before pulling me up to him and sucked on my nipple. I had my leg wrapped around his and was rubbing my pussy on his leg.

He picked me up and pressed me against the wall as I guided his cock into my wet pussy. I had both my legs wrapped around him as he bounced me on his cock and sucked on my nipples. I kept squeezing his cock with my pussy milking him as his cock plunged deeper inside me. His hands were squeezing my ass spreading my letting his cock go deeper as I tighten my legs around him forcing him even deeper. I was beginning to moan louder and louder when I noticed a man standing near the end of the fence watching us. He was rubbing his crotch and I could see the bulge in his pants. At that point I was too drunk and horny to care although knowing someone was watching made me hornier. My juices were flowing down his cock when he started grunting and I felt his hot cum filling my pussy.

I looked over and noticed that the guy by the fence had his cock out and was stroking it. I motioned for him to come closer. The first guy put me down and I knelt down between them and started sucking the both of them. I finished sucking the one who just fucked me dry of the cum that was left inside him and worked on the second guy. The second guy sat down on a metal box next to the building and I turned my ass to him straddled him and guided his cock into my cum soaked pussy. He placed his hands under my ass and began lifting my up and down on his shaft. I sat back against him squeezing and twisting my nipples as his cock filled my wet pussy.

He kept pounding away at me and would pull me down hard onto him to grind his cock deep inside me. My pussy was going crazy flexing and squeezing his cock wanting more and more. I heard the first guy say goodbye to me and when I opened my eyes I saw two more men standing there with their cocks out stroking themselves. I reached out my hands to them and they came closer to me and I started alternating sucking each of their cocks while the second guy I was sitting on kept fucking me. I was moaning and loving all the cock I was getting. The guy that was fucking me finally shoot his hot load filling my pussy with even more cum.

When he finished pulsing inside me I got up then back on my knees to suck the last two guys off. One of them moved in behind me and got me on all fours while the other guy knelled down so I could still suck him. The guy behind me rubbed the head of his cock along my slit before pushing it inside. His cock slid in easily into my cum filled pussy. I squeezed down tight on him as he grabbed my hips and started fucking me fast and deep. I could feel the cum running down my inner thighs as he fucked me. I was holding onto the other guys ass while I twisted my mouth along his shaft sucking his cock. He was holding the side of my head and was pushing his cock into my mouth trying to stuff it down my throat and with every thrust from the guy fucking me it was helping to force this guys cock in further.

My pussy was dripping so much the cum was now running down my thighs. The guy behind me started ramming his cock into me hard and I knew he was getting ready to cum. He pulled me back onto his cock hard holding it inside me deep and I felt his hot cum start squirting into me pussy. I felt his cock to starting to go soft and I turned around so I could suck him dry. 

When I did the other the guy grabbed my hips and started pulling me backwards towards him. He was rubbing his cock along my slit and inner thighs covering it with all the cum that was dripping out of me. Then he pushed the head of his cock against my rosebud. I pushed back letting his cock spread my ass till his shaft was fully inside. I squeezed his cock tight with my ass then he began pumping his cock hard ramming against me. I began rubbing my clit as he fucked my ass. my body started shaking and it wasn't long before I could feel his cum shooting inside me. I climaxed when he did and squirted my juices all over my hand. His cock went soft and I slid off him.

I sat down on the metal box trying to catch my breath from all the good fucking I just got when I noticed Tina standing there looking at me. She came over to me carrying some napkins and began wiping the cum from my legs, ass and pussy. I fixed my cloths and we went back to the car.

Tina "Well I saw you fuck them but did you give them a blow job?"

Vicki "Yes Tina they all got blow jobs." and I laughed.

Tina "Well slut lets get going I think you've had enough fun for today."

Vicki "SLUT! You did the same thing on your dare SLUT!."

Tina "OK OK so we're a pair of sluts, now lets go home."