 Jay and I go to a tropical get away for a few nights. I ask him to go for a walk one evening as there is a beautiful full moon. We are walking along a path holding hands, enjoying the beautiful moonlit scenery. We stop and Jay starts kissing me softly. As we stand there embracing, listening to the sound of each others heartbeats and the sounds of the night around us. 

I point out a beautiful flower on the side of the path to Jay. I take a couple of steps toward it. Just before I bend over to smell it, I look back over my shoulder at Jay, with a mischievous smile. As I bend over, Jay can see that I was not wearing any underwear, and my pussy is exposed and inviting. Jay walks up behind me, and grabs my hips and rubs his hardening cock against me and whispers in my ear. "You naughty girl you forgot your underwear." 

I smile and take Jay by the hand and lead him to a small meadow off to the side of the path. We start kissing, our tongues dancing and sparring with each other, swirling and savoring the taste and feel of each other. Jay slides his hands over my hips, and lifts my dress, until he has his hands on my bare ass. We stare into each others eyes for a moment, seeing the desire we have for each other.

I kiss Jay briefly on the lips, then start kissing down his neck while unbuttoning his shirt. I start running the tip of my tongue down Jay's chest, as he pulls my dress over my head. Jay unties the string to my bikini top, letting both fall to the ground. I lightly run my tongue around Jay's nipples, and gently nibble on them. I undo Jay's shorts and push them, and his underwear, off his hips. 

Jay's hard cock springs forth, and I run my tongue down over his abs, and stop just below his navel. I gently pull on his hand as I lay down on the soft green meadow grass, and pull him down beside me. We kiss again, passions rising, and I tell Jay I have a surprise for him, but that he has to close his eyes. Jay smiles, trusting me, and closes his eyes. All we can hear was the sound of the ocean in the distance. Feel a light breeze brushing over our hot skin. I tell Jay to open his eyes. When he does he sees me laying beside him with a woman's head buried between my legs, licking my mound and her bare ass up in the air. 

I tell Jay that she wants to be fucked by his big hard cock while she eats me. Jay smiles at me and says "Your wish is my command." 

Jay steps behind the woman, and slowly runs the tip of his cock up and down her slit. He slowly pushes his way inside of her, pushing all of his hot, hard cock deep inside of her pussy. She moans loudly and says, "hard baby, give it to me hard and fast." Jay grabs her hips and slams his cock deep inside her and she softly moans "YES" as she returns to eating my pussy. Jay pounds her pussy with his cock and every time he slams his cock into her, she slides her tongue in and out of my pussy, or runs her tongue up and over my clit. Jay's hard cock slamming into her and his balls slapping her clit has her screaming "Yes, oh yes, fill me with your cock" as she has an orgasm within a couple of minutes. 

I tell Jay to stop and come let me suck him. Jay obligingly walks over to me, and straddles my head. I reach up and wrap my fingers around Jay's balls and gently roll them around. I then suck each one into my mouth and run my tongue around it, all the while stroking his cock. 

The woman is licking and sucking my pussy in earnest, I cum and as I do, Jay rubs his cock against my lips. I slide my tongue up and down the underside of Jay's shaft, and swirl it around the head as my orgasm subsides. 

I repeat this again and then slide my lips over his cock, as I once again gently grab Jay's balls. I slowly swallow the entire length of Jay's cock. As I slide my mouth back toward the head I gently suck and then run the tip of my tongue in the crevice of Jay's cock head, tasting his precum mixed with the cum of the other woman. I swallow Jay's cock again, and again, each time swirling my tongue around the head.

I tell Jay I want him to fuck me. The woman steps away as Jay grabs my legs and places my ankles over his shoulders. Jay slams his cock into my soaked pussy, and as his balls slap my ass I cum again, my pussy muscles squeezing Jay's hard cock over and over. Jay continues to fuck me slowly while I cum. 

I motion the woman to come to me. She comes over and straddles my face with her knees. I slide my tongue in and out of her pussy, and over her clit in the same rhythm as Jay slides his cock in and out of me. Jay tells me to make her cum as he reaches up and slides a finger into her pussy, getting it wet. As he continues to fuck me, Jay slowly slides his finger into her ass. I suck hard on her clit. She moans and grinds her pussy on my mouth as she cums all over my face. I lick and suck her clit and pussy until her orgasm finishes. 

The woman stands up as Jay tells me he is about to cum. I tell Jay I want him to cum on my tits. Jay slides his cock out of my pussy and I grab it and slide it between my tits, and tell him to fuck them. 

The woman slides down between my thighs, and starts licking and sucking my clit again, while sliding her fingers in and out of my pussy.

I press my tits against Jay's cock, and as Jay slides his cock forward I flick it with my tongue. Jay does this twice more, each time feeling my tongue flick the head of his cock. Jay slides it forward once more and moans as he starts to cum. I raise my head and lap at Jay's cock as he spills his cum all over my face and tits. I cum once more as the woman sucks my clit and fingers my pussy. 

When our orgasms end we all three sink into the grass exhausted, yet sated, to catch our breaths. I reach over and pull Jay's face toward me, I kiss him and tell him "I hope your liked your surprise."