 Part One

The late afternoon sun covered the large bedroom's far wall as the scarlet haired woman finally stirred. A soft hand reached out from beneath the silk blue sheet, turning the alarm clock on the night table so that she could see it. A pair of sleepy emerald eyes tried to focus on the LED display as they formed 10:47. 

"Well there goes most of the morning." the thirty-four year old thought as she retreated back under the sheets.

As she shifted position, she bumped into the other body sharing the large oak bed. Or to be specific, the soft cheeks of her naked ass pressed up against the young man's equally exposed and semi-hard cock. The press of flesh against flesh brought a warm smile to the now fully alert redhead.

Memories of the previous night made her smile even brighter. She brushed a lock of dark brown hair from across the closed eyes of her still sleeping companion. His features were decidedly handsome, possessed of an almost little boy cuteness. The body below was smooth, almost hairless - exercised and well toned. His name was Michael Rossi and he was all of nineteen years old. 

The previous summer, she and Michael had enjoyed an adventurous affair, made even more forbidden by the fact that at the beginning of it he had still been one of her students at Peterson High School. Currently, Michael was a freshman studying Industrial Arts at Brookfield University. 

The night she and Michael had first made love had been a turning point in the life of Arlene Koda. She was trapped in a loveless marriage and about to have the one thing she really loved, her teaching career, taken from her. Her now soon to be ex-husband, Doctor Alan Fitzgerald, had been made head of surgery at the prestigious Saint Matthew's Hospital. As such, he expected her to give up the teaching career she'd begun before she'd met him and simply become Mrs. Alan Fitzgerald. It was already a point of constant contention to him that she had kept her maiden name.

The afternoon before her marriage had ended, Arlene had found a sketchbook in one of her classes belonging to Michael. Inside were dozens of sketches depicting Michael in various sexual acts with an attractive woman. It didn't take more than a cursory glance to realize that the woman in the drawing was her. 

At first she had confiscated the book, as any other teacher would have done. Later, she had a change of heart and called his house to say he could pick up the book that evening. Just because her life was going down the toilet, she'd reasoned, there was no reason his should too .

Prior to Michael's arrival, she'd had the worst fight of her marriage, ending in Alan's ultimatum. With her husband going to a planned awards dinner without her, Arlene had begun to drink rather more heavily than normal. 

It would've been easily to blame her seduction of Michael on the alcohol, but she knew that wasn't really true. It just gave her an excuse. 

The sexual detonation between the two of them had been explosive. So much so that Michael was originally afraid that she might have claimed he'd raped her after she sobered up. When she'd shown up at graduation after being out the last two weeks of the school year due to "family matters", Michael saw his future behind bars.

Instead, she was all smiles and compliments. In fact, she had offered him a commission to paint a portrait of her to go with the redecoration of her house that she was planning over the summer. He'd accepted the job and as a fringe benefit had gotten to act out every one of those drawings that filled out his sketchbook.

The affair had ended in September when Michael went off to college. He went off with the knowledge that his sexual education had been advanced by years.

As for Arlene's marriage, well that had ended during those two weeks she had missed school. Alan had no choice but to give her the divorce she craved - and on her terms. The threat of a hostile court action where she might stand up in public and tell the world that she'd screwed one of her students was something he'd never dare risk. The Board of Trustees at Saint Matthew's would've never understood. 

It was spring break and Arlene had been very surprised by Michael's call last night. He said that he was home visiting and could he stop by? The prudent thing for Arlene to do would've been to make some excuse and let the past stay there. But prudence hadn't been in her vocabulary this past year, so she had said yes. She knew full well that they'd end the night in bed together. 

It had been fun she had to admit. Michael had learned well the lessons she'd taught him over last summer. It was also quite obvious that he'd been paying just as much attention to his physical development while away at school as his mental growth. His body was much more defined than the last time she'd seen it. 

Had it been before or after midnight that they'd taken a break and talked about his life at Brookfield. She had asked if he had a girlfriend and had been both surprised and pleased when he said that he had started seeing Jenny Greene. 

Jenny, of course had been the hottest girl at Peterson High and before Michael's "summer education" wouldn't have given him much more than a casual glance. 

"Is she good in bed?" Arlene had asked as she had gently stroked his spent cock.

"Not as good as you of course." he had answered, bringing a smile to Arlene.

"Liar!" she'd playfully hissed, giving his cock a hard tug.

"Okay, almost as good as you." he relented.

Arlene had more than a few occasions to see Jenny's rather impressive body in it's natural state back during the girl's high school days. Every teacher had to take a turn as locker room monitor. A long haired blonde, she remembered Jenny as having a near perfect form, capped by a beautiful pair of 34C breasts. Arlene's own breasts of course were a much more impressive 36D.

In another fascinating turn of events in her new found independence, Arlene had become much more aware of other women's bodies of late. Some nights she wondered what it would be like to be a little more than aware of those bodies. Not any of her students of course, that was a risk that she would never repeat. More than a few times she'd noticed women at the health club she belonged to checking her out. It might be very interesting to invite one of them to lunch one day and see where it developed. 

That however was a thought for another day. Michael stirred in his sleep, causing the edge of the sheet he had wrapped around himself to pull away. His semi-hard cock was now fully exposed. The sight brought to mind summer nights he had told his parents that he had worked too late to drive home and would sleep in the guest room. With that memory came another of a special treat she used to give him on those morning afters.

Sliding out from her own side of the sheet, Arlene moved down on the bed and carefully lifted his cock into the air. Moving to within a few inches of his young manhood, she could see the dried residue of their lovemaking. They'd both been too tired after that last session to even wash up. The delight of that final climax fresh in her mind, she guided his cock into her mouth.

It didn't take long for the warm softness of the older woman's mouth to bring Michael to a full hardness. Skillfully, her tongue played across his cockhead, then up and down his shaft. Soft, slender finders stroked his length and her wet trail extended down to his balls. She took first one and then both into her mouth, covering them with kisses.

"Oh yessss." Michael moaned as he woke to such a pleasant feeling. It took him a few seconds to remember the sensation of waking up to a blow job, and an additional moment to reassure himself that he still wasn't dreaming.

Now that she had his full and undivided attention, Arlene's head began to bob up and down even faster. The ripples of delight of that action sent another series of soft moans to Michael's lips. Already he could feel an explosion building deep in his loins.

Lost in the euphoria that engulfed his manhood, Michael didn't hear the sound of the door chimes - even after they rang a second and third time. It wasn't until the forth time when Arlene let his cock slip from her mouth that he heard them.

"Oh shit! he heard her mutter as a look of remembrance flashed across her face. 

A corresponding look of disappointment filled his own face as Arlene climbed off the bed and reached for the bright red Japanese robe she kept draped over a nearby chair. The dress and undergarments she'd worn the night before were strewn across the floor from the bedroom out to the living room.

"I forgot about a ... delivery." she said a little nervously as she pulled tight the sash of her belt. "You just wait here, I'll be back in a few minutes." she added.

As she disappeared out the bedroom door, Michael wondered what the deliveryman was going to think when she came to the door wearing nothing but that robe. It barely came down to below her ass and the fold in front gave a more than ample view of her beautiful breasts.

Time passed slowly as Michael lay back naked in bed and stared at the ceiling. His cock was still hard and the idea of finishing it off by himself flashed in his mind. Then just as quickly it was dismissed. How could his hand ever compare with the rich softness of Arlene's lips.

Glancing at the clock on the night table, Michael realized that almost fifteen minutes had passed since Arlene had left. What was taking her so long? He waited another five minutes, then climbed out of bed himself. Moving to the door, he tried to listen to sounds from the living room but didn't even hear voices. Michael looked around for his pants, then remembered that they were also left on the living room floor. 

Grabbing a bath towel from the connecting master bedroom, he wrapped it around his waist and walked out of the bedroom. Quietly and carefully he moved, not wanting to make any noise. He'd just gotten to the end of the hall leading to the living room when he had a sudden attack of conscience.

What was he doing? There could be a dozen perfectly understandable reasons why Arlene was taking so long. If someone were to see him dressed like this and coming out of her bedroom, the results would be catastrophic. What was he thinking?

He was about to back down the hallway when he finally heard her voice in the living room. The only problem was that it wasn't words he heard - it was a grunt.

A half dozen images flashed in his mind, the worst being that it hadn't been a deliveryman at the door but someone who had attacked her. Now oblivious to the fact that he was practically nude, he ran into the living room.

No sooner had he stepped out into the open when Michael came to a dead stop. The image in front of him was definitely not one he expected to see.

Arlene was on her knees, the robe she had been wearing tossed aside. Standing above her was a tall blonde young man dressed in a T-shirt and jeans. Or almost dressed in jeans, Michael quickly corrected himself, because both the pants and the underwear beneath it now rested around his ankles. His cock however, was barely visible, buried as it was in Arlene's mouth.

He watched dumfounded as his lover's sensuous lips slid back and forth across the new arrival's hardness - much in the same way they had caressed his own manhood such a short time before. As many times as he had drawn a scene like this, the young artist had never actually seen a woman give head outside of a porn film. The image was captivating. So much so that it was almost a minute before he even got a look at the face of the new recipient of her charms.

Shock and recognition flashed across his face. Michael knew the other young man. He was closer to him than his own brothers and had been his best friend since the 9th grade. 

"Oh shit!" he called out without thinking. "Bobby!"

The former football star of Peterson High looked up and the same look of shock flashed across his face. The fact that his best friend was wearing nothing more than a bath towel didn't even register in his mind - only his presence.

"Fuck!" he exclaimed as he took a big step backward, his cock pulling out of Arlene's mouth. "Mike!"

You could've heard the proverbial pin drop in the quiet that gripped the room at that moment. Both young men just stared at each other, not knowing what to say. Long seconds stretched out to an eternity until Arlene broke the silence.

"Oh dear, I knew this was going to be a problem." she said as she got up off of her knees. "I was so hoping to be able to take of Bobby here and send him on his way before you started getting too curious. This type of situation can be so awkward."

By this time it was plainly evident to both friends that Mrs. Koda had been screwing both of them. Bobby had started at State U at the same time that Mike had gone away to Brookfield. State being only an hour's drive away, Bobby still lived at home. Evidently, he had become Mike's winter replacement.

In the course of Mike's unexpected visit last night, Arlene had forgotten that she had asked Bobby to come over and clean out her garage. She'd promised him a little treat when he was done.

"I guess since I'm the one who's dressed, at least sort of, I should leave." Bobby finally said in an attempt to break the situation with a little humor.

"Don't be silly, we're all adults here." Arlene said, her tone the voice of reason. Aren't we?"

Neither of the friends had a response.

"Look at the two of you." Arlene continued. "Are you going to throw away a friendship because I fucked both of you?"

Arlene's use of the work "fuck" caused both of them pause. They both had noted that during lovemaking her vocabulary tended to get down and dirty, but right now it seemed out of context. Despite her nudity, she was back in what she referred to as her teacher mode - the voice of authority. 

"Lets keep this in perspective here." said the Teacher. "What we have here are three adults, who, for what ever reason, are just having a good time with each other. There's no relationship here, it's just sex - pure and simple. None of us are under the illusion that it's anything else - are we?"

Michael and Bobby both nodded their heads in agreement. It wasn't like either of them really thought they were the only man in Arlene's life or that she was looking for anything from them other than a good time in bed. Which was exactly what they were looking for from her. It was only the revelation that they both were her lovers that had shocked them. 

"I mean it's not like Bobby here had crawled into Jenny Greene right after you left." she added. "You screwed Jenny Greene?" Bobby turned and asked Michael, his voice reflecting a mixture of both amazement and admiration.

"Yeah." Michael replied, a touch of pride in his own voice.

It was the first direct communication between the two and that simple exchange told Arlene that their friendship was still solid. Which gave her another idea.

"Unfuckinbelievable." Bobby said quietly as he slowly shook his head. He had struck out with Jenny the four times they had gone out back in high school.

"So you two are still friends." Arlene said, looking for a vocal confirmation. Michael looked at Bobby for a moment and then said. "Never anything but..."

"Damn right." Bobby agreed as he held out his hand.

Michael quickly walked over and shook it.

"Good, now that we have that settled." Arlene smiled a wicked smile. "I have an suggestion."

Both young men looked at their former teacher. In the course of their erotic encounters with her, they'd seen that smile before. Usually just before she suggested something outrageous. It had also been their experience that it was also usually something fun that they never would've tried on their own. 

"You know, I've always wondered what it would be like with two guys at once." Arlene said as she reached out and ran a hand over each of their cocks. "And since I have two such really prime specimens here, maybe it's time I found out? What with you two being such friends and all." 

Mike looked at Bobby and Bobby at him. No words were needed for both of them to know what the other was thinking. It was that they were the best of friends that made this a hard decision. If they were strangers who might never see each other again it would be easy. One other thing they were both sure of. If they said no, it would be the last time either of them got to see, much less play with, that naked body standing between the two of them. And even at 34, it was a hotter body than either of them expected to see again for a long, long time. 

Arlene didn't catch the silent nod of agreement between the two friends, but was more than pleased when Michael said.

"Why the fuck not!" 

"Yeah, why the fuck not!" Bobby parroted.

"Excellent." Arlene beamed. "First order of business though is for all of us to get cleaned up."

Seeing that Michael was still covered with the dried residue of his nocturnal exertions and Bobby had just cleaned out the garage, it didn't seem like such a bad idea. 

Part Two

As she led the two young men through her bedroom to the master bath, Arlene was pleased with how this morning was progressing. The idea of taking both of them to bed had been a sudden inspiration, but one which she wondered why she hadn't considered before. From the moment she considered it, she never contemplated the idea that either Bobby or Michael would say no. 

The thirty-four year old teacher knew that neither of them was going to take the chance that they wouldn't be invited back to her bed. It wasn't that they didn't have girls their own age who wouldn't spread their legs willingly - in fact she knew for a fact that Bobby had screwed half the cheerleaders at Peterson High. No, it was the fact that none of the girls their own age, however willing, was capable of the uninhibited lust that Arlene demonstrated time after time. 

It wasn't long until Bobby was as nude as both Michael and Arlene. She took a brief moment to admire his physique. Active in sports since grammar school, Bobby Williams had the body of an athlete. Unlike Michael, he had a fair amount of body hair, especially around his crotch. If it had been dark instead of blonde it might have detracted from his impressive specimen of manhood. A little larger than Michael's, it was thicker as well. Then again, it seemed natural since he was also taller and larger than his friend.

Out of the corner of her eye, Arlene noticed a potential problem with her planned fun. Even though she was sure the sight of each other naked wasn't new to each of the young men, the circumstances certainly were. She saw the look of uneasiness on Michael's face as the last of Bobby's clothes fell to the floor.

A smile on her face, she stepped between them and put her hands around each of their cocks, stroking them back and forth until they became hard once again. Pulling them closer until she was sandwiched between them, she pressed her lips against Michael's. Then, just as softly, she shifted her attention and kissed Bobby as well.

"If this is going to work," she whispered. "the two of you are going to have to relax."

As she spoke, she let go of their now erect cocks and instead took each of them by the hand. Then she guided each of those hands to the others cock. 

"Stroke it." she instructed in the same tone she used in the classroom.

Automatically, each of them obeyed, running their fingers up and down the length of the other's member. It felt both strange and familiar.

"Now that's not so bad, is it." Arlene said as she ran her hands over theirs. "In fact I bet it feels kind of nice, doesn't it?"

Neither responded, yet neither stopped playing with the other's cock either.

"I just wanted you to see that there was nothing wrong with touching each other." she continued. "Because once we get started, you're certainly going to come in contact with each other quite a lot." she laughed. 
