 This all started one bad day when I was getting off work from my job at the mall toy store. My hours had been cut due to lack of sales and I was still going to be a couple hundred dollars shy of the rent on my new apartment. I wandered down by the Cookie Store in the mall to drown my sorrows in an excess of chocolate like any sensible girl would do.

“Hey, Rhia!” It was my friend Jillian, the cookie lady.

“Hey!” I replied.

“Girl, you look really out of it.”

I laughed. “You don’t know the half of it. I just got my own apartment and now my hours are being cut so I don’t know how I’ll pay the rent next week. I’m trying to think of a second job I could do but nobody’s hiring.”

“Well, tell ya what. Howzabout a Double Doozy chocolate chip special…on me?”

“I’ll take it,” I replied dejectedly. I followed with a humble “Thank you” as she handed me the bag. A guy walked by and whistled at me. I guess I was pretty sexy looking with my tight tank top and jeans. I blushed a little.

"I tell ya, you lead an interesting life. Guys hittin’ on you all the time.”

“Yeah,” I smiled “ I can’t even walk through the mall without… Hey!” I looked around and there was my ex-boyfriend Jeremy. He came over and gave me a hug.

“Well, hello!” he said. “Long time no see.” We had broken up as friends but we hadn’t really seen each other since and that was last summer. “What are you up to these days?” 

“Oh, just trying to make ends meet. I’ve got a new apartment. You want to come see it?”

“Sure”

“Here.” I said, handing him a piece of my free cookie. “It’s a Double Doozy. A giant chocolate chip cookie with creamy insides.” I took a bite and licked the white icing from my lips. “Mmmmmmm.”

I hadn’t meant for that to be sexy but I guess I just come across as naturally sensuous sometimes. Jeremy looked like he had just gotten an instant erection. Suddenly, I remembered how good sex had been with Jeremy. His dick was kind of skinny but it got hard and stayed hard. As we walked though the mall, I found myself getting a tad wet thinking about it. I also found myself thinking about Kevin. He was another guy I dated last year. I sucked him off once but we never really made out. His cock was thick but not very long. I nearly bumped into a post thinking about sex instead of thinking about where I was walking. I giggled and said “Sorry. Got distracted” to Jeremy. 

Now, I happen to believe there’s no such thing as coincidence. That’s why I was pleasantly surprised as we walked and talked small talk to suddenly see, of all people, Kevin, walking towards us. Two of my ex-es in one day!

“Hey, stranger!” I called out. “It’s Kevin,” I said as I turned to Jeremy. He seemed a bit put out, as though I was still “his”. That’s one of the reasons we broke up. They had never met but I had mentioned each to the other before.

They shook hands almost reluctantly. Kevin was tall with wavy dark brown hair and a little goatee while Jeremy was about my height, five-six, with cropped blond hair. We must have made quite a sight as we sat down on a mall bench to talk, me in the middle with my long red hair sandwiched between two ex-boyfriends. As I brought them both up to speed on my interesting life, I was starting to formulate a plan.

“Hey, Kevin, I was gonna show Jeremy my new apartment. It’s not too far from here. Wanna come?” 

“Uhhh, sure, I mean, you don’t think three would be a crowd?”

“No, honey,” I drawled. “Three will be a party the way I do it!” I giggled again and they looked at each other and smiled.

We took Kevin’s car. Along the way, we stopped long enough for Jeremy to buy a bottle of wine. Part of me was scared of what I was about to do but the part of me that was between my legs was definitely not. By the time we entered my apartment I was soaking the crotch of my little purple thong.

We sat around and talked and drank for about a half-hour. Jeremy laughed when there was no more wine to pour. I stood and stretched, running my hands through my hair. My tank top pulled up far enough that they could see I had no bra and they both laughed nervously. 

“Oooooookay, guys. Now here’s the deal.” The wine had fortified me. “I am hotter than a cat in heat and I need both of you to take off all your clothes right now but remember, I’m in charge. What I say goes. When I say we’re done, we’re done. When I say “no”, it means “no”. Understood?” Jeremy had his clothes off quickly as he said “Hell, yeah!” Kevin rose and pulled my tank top over my head revealing my apple-sized breasts. My nipples are a bright pink color and they were hard and long. He kissed me lightly as he fumbled with the zipper of my jeans. 

“Here, honey,” I whispered as I pulled away, let me get that for you. I slithered out of the jeans and Jeremy couldn’t help but notice the large wet spot on the front of my panties. “Check that out. Your pussy must be on fire!” 

Oddly, I blushed as he said it but quipped back. “Who’s got the hose to put it out?”

They both stood naked in my apartment, now, with two big cocks throbbing in anticipation. I slipped off the panties and tossed them to Kevin with a laugh. He put them to his face and inhaled deeply. “Oh, man!!” he growled. 

“Are these for poor little me?” I said with a pout as I reached out and gripped both of their organs. I started pumping them in alternating strokes and I could see beads of liquid already gathering at the tips of both cocks. I lowered myself slowly to my knees and used my tongue to sensuously lick the fluid from Kevin’s member while I continued to pump Jeremy. My eyes were probably glazed over by now as I stood and immediately forced my tongue as far down Jeremy’s throat as possible. Then I repeated the sequence, licking the pre-cum from Jeremy and then soul-kissing Kevin. Neither complained. I crawled around them on the floor like a real cat pausing to lick at their balls or nibble the cheeks of their asses before finally giving a good tongue washing to each cock. They both tasted deliciously of sweat and heat and men! Being the horny girl I am, I was in a kind of heaven. It wasn’t enough, though. I had to feel them inside me.

“Okay, guys,” I sighed. That was the warm-up. Now let me show you the bedroom.” I gripped each dick and led them down the short hall to my bedroom. I think they were both in shock, a little embarrassed to be naked, in a sexual context, but too hot for my body to think clearly. I was thinking clearly, however. I plopped down on the bed on my stomach, then raised my curvy little ass up in the air and wiggled it at them. “Come and get it while its hot!”

Kevin walked up to the bed and got on the mattress on his knees. He pushed his stubby cock right up to my pussy and slid right in. My eyes rolled back in my head. I needed this so much! As he began pumping, I tossed my hair from side to side and began moaning. I’ve been told I moan better than anyone. I wasn’t really cumming but it felt so good to have a man inside me again. I squeezed the muscles between my legs as if milking him.

In the meantime, Jeremy had moved to the front where he positioned his pole right at my hungry lips. My tongue shot out to greet it and wrapped itself around his manhood like a bun around a hot dog. “Mmmmmmmmmm! Double Doothy!” I murmured around his cock. 

“Ahhh, but we need the cream filled center.” he laughed.

“Sounds good to me!” I said, surprising myself. By now, my right hand was balancing me on the bouncing bed but my left was deftly rubbing my clit as Kevin fucked me from behind. “I….I can’t hold off!, he suddenly grunted and I could feel the heat as he unloaded a large, full load of cream into my hot pussy. He pulled out quickly and collapsed next to me on the bed, fingering the mess he had just deposited inside me. With come on his finger, he worked it into my winking asshole. 

“No!” I said, spitting Jeremy’s dick out. “That’s off limits! …. at least for today.” I rolled over on my back and bounced my ass up into the middle of the bed. I held my arms out. “Jeremy, sweetheart, would you please take sloppy seconds? I’m nice and squishy inside thanks to Kevin but I need some more creamy filling. Pleeeaassse? Hmmmm?. 

I think the pout got him. He practically dived on top of me. “I can’t believe I’m doing this,” he said as he stuck his hard-on into the sticky deposit between my legs and began bouncing. My nails raked his back and it wasn’t long before he sputtered “I…I’m coming! Oh, fuck!! Oh, shit! Oh…. Unghhhhh!!” Again, I could feel the heat like a little fire in my pussy as he added about four more shots of cream to my pie. He pulled out with a gloppy mess on his dick. He grabbed one of my old sweatshirts and wiped it off. Kevin was recovered now and sat on the chair next to the bed. Jeremy stood next to him. As they watched, I lay there with my legs spread and a double dose of hot cum from my two ex-boyfriends pooling on the bed beneath my sticky hole. I closed my eyes and began working my clit again. My mind raced as I thought of how slutty I must look to them, playing with myself like this. From time to time, I would scoop up a bit of their cream and rub it on my lips and my titties. They seemed to like it when I did this and it made me even hotter to know they were watching me play with myself under these circumstances. Finally, I could feel my climax building and I began moaning and bucking my hips wildly as I lay in the growing wet spot. I squinted my eyes tightly and thrashed my head from side to side grunting and yelling “Ohhhhh, Oh my stars, YES!! Yeeeees!!!! Ohhhhhh, YES!!!” 

Both Jeremy and Kevin applauded and I laughed and smiled brightly as I lay there dripping their cum onto my bed as more of it dried on my lips. “Hey, fellas, that was just great but you know what? I’m having a little trouble with my rent money this month to the tune of oh…, two hundred dollars and I was wondering if…well, you know?”

Without saying a word, Kevin brought in their clothes from the other room and both guys got dressed. Then they whispered between themselves for a minute and got out their wallets. Each man lay two 50-dollar bills across my chest. Two hundred dollars. 

“Thank you, “ I said as I wrinkled my nose at them and smiled appreciatively. They each kissed me on the cheek and left, saying they would call me. I lay there and clutched the bills to my chest. I think maybe I had found that second job after all. I guess I really do lead an interesting life! 

END