 "Do you trust me?" Tony asked.

"of course baby." She replied, She was intrigued, her boyfriend of 6 months sounded nervous.

"Good can you come over tomorrow night?" he sounded happier now.

"sure can, what time?" the conversation turned mundane until,

"Oh and wear something sexy." his tone was light almost dismissive.

Jo had been dating Tony for 6 wonderful months now. At 18 she had been a late starter most of her friends had been active for years but he had been her first, it had seamed to make him more determined to have her when she had explained why she had recoiled from his advances at first.

She smiled to her self recalling the many skills he had taught her since then, her hand drifted down her body as she imagined his tongue on her pussy, he certainly knew how to please.

Jo spent the day shopping with her friends Kelly and Sam, as it was Saturday the shops were heaving with bargain hunters. Jo had already picked out a perfect dress for the evening, unsure of Tony's plans she chose a simple yet effective pink slip dress with spaghetti straps. It flowed over her delicate curves clinging to her hips and breasts just enough to give a hint of what lay beneath, now she needed the perfect present to hide behind the pretty wrapping.

The three girls giggled nervously as they scanned the offerings in the lingerie section of a large department store. Jo spotted the perfect Basque, strapless and a delicate shade of cream it was just right, teamed with a g-string that hardly covered her triangle of fluff the girls agreed she would have Tony begging for more, a pair of lace topped stockings became the icing on the cake. A quick trip to the shoe shop later and she was all set, she had thrown caution to the wind with the 4 inch white stilettos now in her possession.

After an hour spent totty spotting (drinking coffee whilst eyeing up the male talent) with the girls Jo decided she had better go get ready, she said her goodbyes not knowing how much she would have changed when they met again.

At 7pm as arranged Jo tottered up the long drive to Tony's house. As successful surgeons Tony's parents were well off to say the least but they were grounded with it although their house boasted 8 bedrooms and its own pool they refused to give in to the local trend for servants so it was Tony himself who answered the door. 

He was around 6 ft 2 inch tall with shoulder length brown hair, it was as always tied neatly back into a pony tail showing off his gentle face, piercing blue eyes sparkled as he saw Jo, his gaze swept slowly over her body.

"Very nice." He purred, He guided her into the main hall gently pushing her forward with a large hand pressed in the small of her back. She was gazing up into his eyes as he propelled her into the informal living room they used; Tony' s parents had pretty much turned it over to him allowing them privacy when they were at home. Jo was already aware that they where away in Europe this week and unlikely to return until the following Sunday.

Jo stopped suddenly just past the threshold of the room surprised to see two of Tony's college friends already there. 

"I thought it was just the two of us tonight." She pouted becoming very child like.

" Well," Tony began " I thought it was time I introduced you to my two best friends." 

Tony explained that the three had been friends since they started school and had chosen they're levels so that they could attend the same technical college. 

They were all of course the same age 19 but the similarities ended there, James was small in build, around 5ft 8inch but well defined muscles still showed under his white t-shirt and his legs strained in his levis. Adam was in short Adonis made flesh, Golden shoulder length curls shone in the evening light, his eyes were a deeper blue then Tony's but no less striking his highly developed chest formed a triangle to his almost wasp like waist. He had an almost too perfect golden tan that made his white teeth all the more prominent. 

While Tony was filling her in on the trios childhood escapades Jo became increasingly aware of the two newcomers studying her, their eyes took in every curve she felt as if she were on display and to her surprise found it exciting

"You see Jo," Tony was finishing his stories, 

"we share everything, always have always will." 

He looked at her expectantly; slowly it dawned on Jo just what was happening 

" Oh no you can't mean me!" she half-heartedly laughed hoping that Tony would join in and tell her she had got it all wrong.

"Just think abut it Jo, three times the fun and three times the pleasure." It was Adam that was talking as he moved to the two seater where Jo and Tony sat. He perched on the arm and began stroking Jo's leg. Jo shifted uncomfortable with the amount of attention she was receiving.

James walked over and took Tony's seat and began nuzzling her neck. Tony was now kneeling between her legs with her hand in his,

"You said you trust me." he was looking deep in to her eyes,

"I do Tony but I'm not sure if I can do this with two people I just met." she was finding it hard to concentrate as James continued to caress her neck.

"I'm not going to let any one hurt you we just want to make you happy." he smiled to Adam, 

"I'm just going to get everyone some wine, why don't you get better acquainted." Jo looked pleadingly at him

"I'll only be in the kitchen babes, do you think I'd leave you if I didn't trust these guys."

His warm smile put her at ease somewhat but her heart was still pounding as he left the room.

Adam was now kneeling where Tony had been, 

"just relax honey." his hand was now rubbing her thigh dipping just under the hem of her flimsy dress. His fingers brushed the lace of her stocking tops as James slid the straps off her shoulders. She felt the warmth in her belly surge as Adams hand worked higher taking his time as if waiting for her to stop him. James was now kissing her collarbone his tongue weaving its way down her body with and agonisingly gentle pace. Jo couldn't help but wriggle under the men's caresses a small sigh escaping her lips.

"See, we knew you would have fun." James growled, his passions fueled by her obvious enjoyment.

They gently pulled Jo to her feet James lifting her arms above her head while Adam pulled her dress off over her head both men murmured their approval on discovering her choice of underwear. They led her to the larger sofa and laid her down they then sat one at each end her legs draped across Adams lap and her head resting in James's. Adams hand was snaking up her thigh again but this time he was following it with a trail of soft kisses his blond hair adding to the sensations, James was stroking the front of Jo's Basque teasing her already erect nipples.

Jo was almost purring now she had never felt so horny even with Tony. James began unhooking the Basque gasping at the sight of her freed breasts. Although not huge Jo had never felt small she was a 38C and felt it was enough and James's attentions told her she was right. James unclipped the suspenders and discarded the Basque as Adam slowly rolled down her stockings removing her shoes and placing them on the floor. Jo felt a little flip in her tummy as she realised a small triangle of silk was all she had left to cover her. James had positioned himself with his face above her chest and was sucking on her left nipple like it was a delicious lollypop, rolling his tongue round the nipple and gentle nibbling. 

Jo thought she would explode right then and there but somehow the fire in her pussy although throbbing stayed in control. Adam was now knelt between her legs his kisses having reached the tops of her thighs he began easing a finger into Jo s moist panties, with so little material to hinder him it wasn't long before he buried a soft thick finger into Jo's over heating pussy. She gasped arching her back and pushing her nipple further into James's eager mouth.

Another digit joined the first and soon Jo had three of Adams fingers sliding into her sopping wet hole. His thumb rotating the sensitive nub of her clit circling it pressing just enough to send her into spasms.

James sucked had on her right nipple while fondling the hard bud of the left. Jo was bucking and moaning now all fears lost to the amazing feeling of the men's attentions. She could feel her self getting closer as Adam stepped up the pace pealing the G-string off totally and giving him self unhindered access. He began pumping his fingers into Jo harder she began to shout as he filled her to the knuckle using his other hand to rub her hard clit teasing it with his fingers gently pinching just enough,

"Oh god!" she was delirious thrashing about on the sofa Adam pounding her pussy at one end and James sucking her tits as is they were his life blood. Moments later Tony returned to the room to see his girlfriend come all over Adams hand grinding down and screaming in ecstasy her back arched as James sucked head on her nipple.

As she returned to earth she saw the boys smiling at her 

"you like the idea now?" Tony asked he had unfastened his hair, which was now cascading down his back. He knew she found long hair irresistible.

"I think I can live with it." she grinned wickedly pushing James back and tearing open his jeans. 

His 10inch cock sprang into view with a hungry look in her eyes Jo sank her lips over his shaft feeling it become harder as she sucked. She could feel him begin to grind his hips towards her mouth. Oh no you don't she thought I'm in control now and she let him slip from between her lips. James moaned and tried to guide his throbbing cock back into the warmth of her mouth but she held him at bay teasing the tip with her tongue. She smiled up at him and licked away the drops of pre cum that were beginning to escape him.

James had his head thrown back, eyes half shut lost in the sensations she was creating. Spiralling her tongue up and down his shaft she teased until she sensed he could hold back no more and once again plunged her head down hard taking him deep into her mouth. She sucked and licked until with a whimpering sigh James slammed his cock up deeper into her throat and filled her eager mouth with his seed.

Tony laughed as his girlfriend sat back on her heals wiping James's cum from her face, 

"I told you I taught her some good tricks, and now my dear its getting late I do believe its time for bed." He led her up the impressive staircase into one of the many bedrooms, in the centre of the room was a large four poster bed. He led her over and gently pushed her down onto it. The sheets where silky and slightly cold against her skin. Tony positioned her so she was lying in the centre of the bed. He kissed her hand and moved it so her arm was pointing to the bedpost. Jo's eyes widened as she saw the silk tie already fastened to it.

"Tony what are you doing?" she asked trying to move away. 

"Trust me hon, have I ever hurt you?" he kissed her gently and tied the silk round her wrist, he did the same with the other so that she was completely immobilised. His long main was brushing against her erect nipples causing little bursts of flame in her belly.

Reaching down the side of the bed he produced a silk blindfold and tied it gently but securely over her eyes, Jo couldn't move or see but god could she feel, he hadn't touched her yet but her heart was hammering and her pussy was drenched. She heard the other two enter the room and both men commented on the view. She felt someone kneel on the bed next to her and a hand began stroking her leg. Another hand was caressing her neck and a third began to sweep across her belly. She was in heaven her senses were going wild, she didn't know where or when the next touch would be but she was arching her back trying to reach their hands.

Agonisingly slowly a hand began to snake along her leg towards her overheating pussy she tried to move and speed his progress but couldn't move down the bed because of the ties a frustrated moan escaped her lips, 

"Patience," purred Adam "were in control now." The thought of being at the mercy of these three hunks was driving her mad she wanted to be fucked hard and fast but no matter how she pleaded they took their time. When a finger finally brushed her clit she nearly screamed, it felt so good, her hips bucked as he began circling his fingers round the little bud, another hand began caressing each nipple in turn, gently pinching them causing her to gasp. She felt someone straddle her chest and a very hard cock brush her lips she opened greedily gobbling down the long shaft. 

She nearly bit down as she felt a finger enter her hole another soon joined the first and she began to find it very hard to concentrate on the task at hand. She tried to ignore the sensations being produced by the owner of the fingers buried in her pussy, someone was now sucking on her nipples nibbling and rolling them with their tongue. She sucked hard on the cock in her mouth and heard Tony moan he pushed deeper into her mouth. The hand between her legs was beginning to fuck her harder with his fingers adding another stretching her wider. She began to run her teeth over the head of Tony's cock, just the way she knew he liked it as she felt the waves beginning to build.

Moments later she bucked and pushed the fingers deeper as her pussy tightened pinning the fingers deep within her. She sucked hard on Tony pushing him over the edge and filling her mouth with his familiar taste. Jo felt someone move to between her legs pushing her knees up to her chest. A finger began teasing her asshole; it dipped into her pussy and rubbed the juices into the tight hole. She was beginning to feel the heat rising in her belly again as she felt a cock nudge against her ass. Jo whimpered slightly as it pushed into her passage. She felt stretched but the pain was way outmeasrured by the intense pleasure rippling through her body. With one final push the cock slid all the way in causing her to cry out. The cock began to slide slowly in and out drawing gasps of delight with each thrust.

"Harder!" Jo demanded and was rewarded with a sharp thrust that lifted her hips off the bed and caused her to scream in ecstasy. The pounding continued until she was thrashing as much as her bonds would allow. Just as she thought she would explode the cock withdrew

"NO!" she screamed hands began untying the bonds on her wrists and removing the blindfold. Three naked grinning men greeted her,

"why did you stop?" she demanded.

"We thought you might like to choose which cock makes you come!" Tony replied

Jo looked form one to the other trying to decide which of the throbbing shafts would be the winner

"I can't decide!" she admitted

"We were hoping you would say that." said Adam

James lay down on hi back with his knees hanging of the bed and they guided Jo so that she was straddling his hips. James lowered her so she was impaled on his impressive cock, Tony was now stood behind her and she squirmed as she realised why. He held her cheeks apart as he inched slowly into her well-lubricated asshole. Jo groaned and pushed back forcing both cocks deeper into her. Adam was now kneeling astride James his rigid cock level with Jo s mouth she sank her lips over the head and began sucking flicking the head with her tongue, slowly all three men began to fuck Jo, a cock in every hole, she had never felt so full. Tony and James were rocking in time driving both cocks into her as she pushed back forcing them a deep as possible while Adam was holding her head sliding in and out of her mouth as she licked and sucked, fondling his balls and rubbing the base. 

It wasn't long before the air was filled with the sounds of moaning and wailing as one by one they shot their loads pumping Jo full as she bucked and thrashed lost in the throws of her own orgasm.

They collapsed into a sweaty tangled heap as Tony smiled at Jo

"See I told you to trust me." 

Jo just laughed and slapped his bare backside as they kissed and one by one fell asleep.