 We were down the street at an afternoon block party when the neighbors invited us to a party that night. We had not been invited to one of their gigs before but my wife, Tina, was getting along fabulously with the woman, Diane, and they convinced Tina easily. It might be fun. They had large parties and a lot of Army Vets that were rowdy.

I was more right than I realized. Tina had put on one of her nicer black, sleeveless dresses and a necklace of small pearls. I wondered then because she rarely showed off her arms. She said it was her only thing close to casual without being a total grunge and that it being so hot and all. I let it go.

The party rocked for a few hours and guys drained a couple of kegs. They played various beer pong and tippy cup games where I failed miserably and had to suffer repeated guzzling and refills, not to mention heckling and punches to the biceps. Around 11pm the crowd thinned a bit, not much, and I thought Tina might quit, too. But she was still circulating and acting out like her old college days. Maybe I hadn't taken her out enough. There was a lot of grabbing, spanking and pinching as the night progressed, especially from the heavier guys. Tina swatted their hands away from her butt at least twice that I saw, but she tried to keep it friendly, laughing and running away.

At 11 o'clock the host, John, came into the center of the living room and yelled in a loud voice, "OK all you pumpkins, time to wrap up before the second party begins. Anyone who stays now has to know. Anything goes. So you've had your fair warning." I wondered what that meant. People were coming in from the kitchen and den and no one was leaving. I looked around for Tina but didn't see her in the crowd closing in around John. Tina is short, and I wasn't totally surprised to miss her among all the bodies pressed together.

I was standing next to two women who were very eager to see John's show. The one next to me was a mousy, little brunette who had her short hair tinged red. She was wearing jeans and a corduroy shirt, I suspected without a bra but couldn't tell because her tits were small and I couldn't see any nips through the material. I tried to catch her eye but she was not looking at me. No luck to know if lack of interest, her being coy or a downright tease. She was standing close enough that if I leaned in I would bump my groin between her ass cheeks. I had always been faithful to Tina. Well, there was the one time with a chick I met in the bar, but that hardly counted. I had been mostly faithful, and yet this brunette was really cute and I could see myself giving in. On the other side of her, a well-endowed woman in her 30's with bleach blonde hair was throwing her arms in the air and dancing to rile everyone up. Her shirt tied in front and short shorts was a good try for an Ellie May look. She was moving all those curves the right way and clearly knew how to indulge herself.

John yelled again, "OK, time to kick off round two. Who is our champion?"

There were a few names thrown out, like Linda and Tom, but then some loud guys chanted "Brenda, Brenda" and everyone fell in behind that and pushed Brenda toward the center. Brenda was protesting and pushing back but quickly found herself in the center next to John, who grabbed her around the waist and spun her for all to see.

John said, "How could I forget our winner from last time, unanimously voted 'Most Favorite Holes to Poke,' and I remember why." Then John laid a smacker right on her lips, grabbed her butt behind yet only to steady her as John leaned her over backwards and forced his kiss and probably his tongue in her mouth. That nearly floored me. I knew it was rowdy but this was turning full frontal. After a minute I saw a flash go off. Someone had stepped forward with their cell phone to snap a photo. When John let her up for air, Brenda slapped him half-heartedly on the chest.

John turned and asked, "Did you get a good photo? Do you need me to do that again?"

"Let me check!" the guy yelled, laughing.

"Bring out the real camera for the piñata!" John demanded. "We need the good photos for the website.

"Come on," Brenda complained. "How am I going to get anything if I do the swinging?"

"Yeah, you don't need any encouragement. Maybe next time we change the rules," John insisted. "But not tonight!" Then he laughed stupendously.

A woman stepped forward from behind Brenda with a black swath of material that she quickly draped over Brenda's eyes to blindfold her. Brenda didn't object at all. She held her hands at her sides and giggled as the woman tied the cloth tight and said, "No peaking."

Simultaneous with that a piñata was passed forward to the center. Donald Trump. It was one of the infamous Trump piñatas - a good rendition with hair flying off the top and a big, open mouth. As the piñata came in a big dildo was passed through also. I think it was a dildo but it was over-sized and could have been made out of metal as it had a shiny silver color. I saw Tina on the other side, her fingers over her mouth loosely as if she were play acting to stop a chuckle. She seemed a bit sweaty and her dress off-center on her shoulders like maybe she had been dancing. And she looked tipsy as well.

The Trump piñata had a rope around its neck, which they threw up over the chandelier and got the height right in front of Brenda. Then the dildo was put in her hands. "Now control yourself!" someone shouted at her. Another person told her, "You better warm it up first."

Brenda stroked it in her fingers to figure out what it was. When she got to the head with its fat ridge, she figured it out. She circled her thumb and finger around the ridge and started swirling her hand around it. "Do you mean like this?" Brenda asked very coyly. "Or do you mean like this?" Brenda poked the head of it into her mouth, pushed her lips real fat for show over the ridge. Then it was like a sudden conversion. Either Brenda was a good actress or she lost all control. She started sucking on the dildo as if it were a real penis and it was going to make her cum. People hooted and hollered. It made me hard watching her.

The mousy brunette next to me glanced at my crotch and then up to my eyes. I gave her a little smile before she turned her head. That was the first indication she gave of any connection.

"OK, that's enough," someone shouted to Brenda. "We don't want to be here all night waiting for our candy."

The brunette next to me said to Ellie May, "It seems like a lot of work for candy."

Ellie May was quick to interject, "Oh, honey. That's not candy in there. When the stuff hits the floor, be sure to grab some things. Don't pick up anything you don't recognize. And don't take any disguises, you know wigs or shoes. Get yourself a condom or even better, the whip."

The brunette seemed puzzled, as I was, but there was no time to learn more. They had tapped the Donald on Brenda's forehead and let her swing away without even spinning her a few times. The first swing landed with a real thud and broke off the arm, proving the dildo was metallic. A burly guy with a beer stein said, "Oh, I see it's high quality stuff from Tijuana."

Brenda kept swinging in small pokes and jabs, testing where the piñata danced before her. They did nothing to raise or lower it to taunt her. I saw where they had sliced it down the sides to make it more breakable. Brenda held the dildo forward to stop and steady the piñata. Then she gave it her strongest whack and split Donald's head open. All this paraphernalia flew across the floor. Condoms and mini flashlights, handcuffs and KY jelly. Ellie May was all over it and the brunette was right behind her. I tried to get in but there was a crowd and I got nothing. When the stuff was taken, and poor Brenda removed her blindfold to see she would also be left empty handed, then people retreated to their previous positions. The brunette next to me had a condom and Ellie May was holding a big strap-on. A woman across had a paddle and then I saw Tina. She wasn't looking at me but checking out everyone else with their toys. Tina had retrieved black rimmed glasses, apparently just the frames without any lenses. She was laughing and put on the frames. The glasses gave her a librarian look.

"OK," one of the guys announced. He was pinning a fake badge on his shirt. He stood in the middle and said, "Where is the illegal immigrant?" People were confused until a couple of guys gestured to a woman in blue jeans holding a red bandanna. She was shaking her head but then they had a card they were showing her. She shook her head again but they pointed at the card and pushed forward.

"Don't argue or you'll go in the lockup," the guy commanded. "Get your toes on the line and prepare to be deported. Oh, and make sure you wear the bandanna." She looked down at the cloth, then stretched it over her head and tied under her chin. It was not convincing to make her Mexican but we got the idea.

"You didn't even have that badge in the piñata," she complained. "You had that in your pocket."

"You are not a citizen with rights and you don't have a lawyer," the guy commanded. "You are going to be taught a little lesson before we kick you back over the border." He pushed on her shoulders until she knelt on the carpet in front of him. Her wedding ring was quite visible but the guy was obviously not her husband and I could not figure out who was her husband. Apparently he quietly went along with all of this. 

The guy unzipped his pants. I wondered, is he really going through with this? But in an instant he had fished his half-erect penis out of his underwear and was pushing it in her face. She didn't accept it at first, but after a couple of rocking motions she opened her lips and allowed him to push his penis in her mouth. People clapped. She accepted his penis and started to suck on him more actively as he became fully erect.

My mousy brunette turned to her friend and whined, "God, I can't stand to be bullied that way." She practically leaned her head on the blonde's shoulder. The blonde laughed. She said, "You better find someone you like and get busy then. They may leave you alone if you are already down and dirty." The blonde started to whisper in her ear. The blonde was looking over her shoulder at me with a wry smile and whispering in the brunette's ear. The brunette looked back at my shoes, a quick glance up to my eyes and back down to my shoes before turning away. The blonde tapped the woman's condom and whispered in her ear again.

The brunette turned directly to me without saying a word and lowered eyes. She stepped to me, grabbed my shirt pocket with her right hand and leaned her head against my chest. She stayed like that, a lost puppy dog, waiting for me to embrace her but not taking the step.

Finally she held the condom up for me to see. She said, "Are you going to fuck me?"

Wow. I wasn't ready for that. I couldn't say 'no.'

She persisted. She scraped the condom up to my collar and said, "If I have the condom then you have to fuck me with it. I can make you use the condom to fuck me, or I can give you a blowjob. I can choose. That's the rules."

"Those are the rules?" I asked stupidly.

"Yes," the blonde spoke over her. She said, "If you look at the card, then she gets the choice, to make you use the condom or she can blow you."

The brunette asked, "What do you want? Do you want a blowjob?"

"Are you asking me?" I wondered aloud. "I thought it was your choice?"

"I can't decide," she whimpered. But then she pushed me backwards into a Lazy Boy and I let myself fall into it. She got to her knees and crawled over between my legs. Her delicate fingers reached up to my belt buckle. I knew it was wrong and that it would lead to pain. But for now it was so right. Her dark, intoxicating eyes looked to me. And she wanted it. Her tongue inched out of her mouth and wet her lips. I wanted it, too.

Through all her motions - unzipping my pants, peeling down my underwear, stroking my penis lightly until she slurped my penis into the warm, moist soul of her mouth - she kept those puppy dog eyes on me. She had the smooth, calculating moves of a hooker but I fell for it. I really believed that she was drawing her own life force from my cock.

My head fell to the side. Through the mass of bodies starting to make out, and to touch and feel, and in the case of one couple, even fucking in a standing position, I saw Tina. Tina was looking across the room at me, playing her fingers through her pearls. She didn't look upset, which surprised me some. But she was marking me coldly. It was as if she accepted it would happen in these conditions. And I didn't stop. I didn't push the brunette from my cock or startle. I accepted that it happened, and Tina saw and understood. I made a face to admit I enjoyed it and could not stop, then reached my hand to back of the woman's head and guided her to give me more stimulation, deeper, faster, rougher.

The blonde came up right behind the brunette, leaned over her to spy her technique, then kissed her on the neck. "That's beautiful," I heard her whisper. I could barely make out that the blonde was rubbing between my beauty's legs. The blonde directed her up to a doggy position and was pulling her pants down. Then I saw it. The big dildo rubbed between my woman's thighs, up against her panties. I'm sure her panties were wet by now. The blonde twirled that dildo along the wet panties and no doubt the moist folds of her pussy. The brunette moaned and paused on my dick as the blonde teased her. The blonde fingered the crotch of the woman's panties aside and poked that dildo into her. I could tell from her arm motions that she poked it deeper and deeper as it gained moisture. When it was wet enough and the brunette's pussy opened to accept it, then the blonde pushed it deep and alternated hard thrusts with gentle, prolonged withdrawals that must have teased her senseless. The brunette gasped and moaned on my cock. She let my cock fall out of my mouth and rested her lips across the base. She teased my shaft and balls with teasing little licks when she wasn't overcome by the dildo.

As the blonde was fucking her with the dildo, she removed the woman's shoes and the rest of her pants and underwear from her feet. The blonde removed her own shorts and underwear also. She interrupted to harness the dildo onto her pelvis properly with the belt and leg straps. Then she was right back at it, kneeling into my brunette and fucking her like a man instead of poking her with it. The dido was big and probably more than my brunette wanted to take. That made her collapse forward every time it hit home.

A guy came up behind them and asked the blonde if he could fuck her while she had her friend. She snapped at him to fuck off and she was busy. With that dildo she could fuck him up the ass if she wanted. Those were the rules. The guy didn't want to be fucked in the ass and he walked away.

The blonde was playing with the back bob cut of our friend and I relinquished my hold. The blonde grabbed a fistful of hair in one hand and the brunette's shoulder in the other, and that let her steady the little woman for a real pounding. I tried to reach down for a feel of her tits but it was too far. The blonde was watching me and dropped from the shoulder to squeeze the woman's nipple through her shirt. That really made the brunette coo. The blonde reached underneath from one nipple to the other.

The blonde said, "I can see why you wanted to play with her tits. She's got the nicest little tits. Perky little tits."

The blonde untied her own shirt and let her tits fall free. What a set of knockers. I don't know if those things were real but they were two of the largest globes I've ever seen in real life. She pinched her own nipple. "How about these?" she asked me. "Can you reach these?" She leaned forward over her pooch until I could play with her tits. I enjoyed all the little games but at the same time it was distracting from a good blowjob.

I looked over to Tina and it hit me like a ton of bricks. Tina hadn't bothered about me anymore. She was on her knees sucking some guy's dick. She hadn't bothered to take off her dress or jewelry or even those stupid glasses. She was on her knees with the guy's pants around his ankles and letting him vice grip her head and plow his dick in her mouth. I know it's not fair but I didn't like it. He shouldn't be face fucking my wife and she shouldn't be taking it.

A man and woman on the big camera and lights came to them and gave Tina direction. They had her twist her hand on the guy's penis so her wedding ring would be obvious, then hold it in place while bobbing her head up and down on the tip of his dick for action. He didn't have a big dick but Tina was hamming it up like it was the best dick she ever had. The camera woman pulled the glass frames down on Tina's nose and made her look like a stupid, naïve librarian. Tina rubbed the head of his dick around on her cheeks and moaned. She pulled her pearls up with her right hand, rubbing them on the man's dick with her tongue, and nibbling the pearls lightly like she was some kind of kitten confused now by what she was biting and licking.

I was so distracted that I wasn't even playing with the huge jugs in front of me. They didn't stop, though. The brunette was starting to cum as the blonde fucked her hard with the dildo and frigged her clit underneath with her fingers. She still held a clump of hair hard in her right fist. The brunette was moaning deeply and trying to breathe and the blonde continued fucking that dildo in and out but held her clit still between her knuckles to ride her through that orgasm.

I told her, "You've learned how to hit your friend's buttons, huh?"

"Now I know," she was quick to answer. "Actually I just met her and I don't even know my sweetie's name."

"You fooled me," I confessed. The brunette was quietly recovering with her face against my knee.

"Yeah," the blonde crowed. "I knew what she wanted and where she needs to be pushed without going too far. Yet."

"Ummm," I praised her. "Maybe you could teach me a thing or two."

"Maybe I could," she cooed. 

The blonde leaned over the woman's ear and asked her, "Are you going to swallow his cum or do you want to let me have it?"

"Do you want it?" the woman meekly answered. "What do you want?"

"Yeah," the blonde said in a husky voice. "Hop up and watch this now." The brunette complied. She sat up on the arm of the Lazy Boy to watch as the blonde shifted up and guided my cock into her snatch. She was wet and loose, and my dick was wet with saliva but still I could feel the firm ring of her vagina as I entered and I liked it. When she had me well seated inside her, she pumped up and down and rolled her pelvis onto me at the bottom for a good grind. The dildo was still on and slapped my chest when she rolled forward. Her tits slapped my face, and the dildo slapped my chest and the beautiful tight pussy clamped down on my shaft when she bounced hard on me.

"You've got a nice dick," she cooed at me. "It's a nice big dick and I like what it does to me." She closed her eyes with a little flutter but I'm thinking she acted. I liked it any way. 

The brunette asked, "Do you want the condom?"

"No," the blonde said. "I want to feel him shoot the hot cum inside me." She rode me like a pony.

"Do you want to suck on my dildo?" she asked me. "I could stick this in your mouth." She pressed it hard against my stomach.

"No," I protested. "I don't want dick in my mouth."

"How about my little friend?" the blonde insisted. "Do you want to taste her sweet pussy, the way she licked your penis?"

It was another line I would cross. So many. I was already fucking another woman. My second woman tonight if Tina was watching. Was she watching? I couldn't sit up to see. 
