 "Is it possible to love 2 people at the same time?" 

This love confused them both.

They had a long talk about it and decided to cool it a bit. She has become such an important part of his life and like previous times that they decided to cool it, it had the opposite effect on him. But above all he loved her and with love comes respect. But it was not going to be easy.

They saw each other every day and that made it even worse. Weeks went past and it was getting more and more difficult for him to keep his distance.

They had a company get together at a lodge out of town. Hard work during the day and a few well earned drinks afterwards with the spouses. She came into the pool area wearing a white bikini top and a yellow sarong over her bottoms. He enjoyed looking at the other men's faces .The absolute lust in their eyes amused him.

He tried hard not to look as his wife was sitting next to him. 

Linda looked confident and she knew she looked good. 

Everyone was enjoying the party - nice cocktails -drinking games - dancing. He took her for a dance and she smiled when she felt his hard on.

He was very disappointed when she and her husband left for their room at 1 in the morning. She looked disappointed as well. The party died down and by 3 it was only him left. 

He sat outside looking over the river enjoying a last whiskey and a cigar.

He felt her presence - she stood there in her husband's shirt over hot pants. Her hair was a bit ruffled but she looked extremely sexy. 

"Hi sexy,he greeted her.Can I get you anything?"

She smiled and asked for water. They sat not speaking, enjoying the silence.

After the cigarette she stood up and said her good nights. 

He stood up and suddenly she was very close looking up at him with those beautiful eyes.He couldn't help himself as he took her in his arms pressing his lips against her wonderful full lips.Weeks of hunger for her was in that kiss. She was moaning when his hand went underneath her pants cupping her sexy ass.

The kiss continued as he cupped her buttock.He moved his hand towards her crack and then down. She was wetter than she has ever been. 

He slowly started finger fucking her first one then two fingers.She bent forward to give him better access. 

She started with those familiar little sounds that she makes when highly aroused. He increased the speed enjoying the wonderful feeling of her pussy around his fingers. She almost fell when she came - only his arm holding her up.

He delicately picked her up and while kissing her walked towards a secluded bench in the garden. Words were unnecessary. 

He removed her shirt and then pulled her pants down.She battled to get his pants over his huge hard on.Smiling she wrapped her hand over it and moved it to get his pants off. She kissed him again and then softly she kissed his chest and with more kisses she moved down towards the ultimate prize.

She knew what he loved and with soft kisses and licks she moved down to his balls.She kissed them and moved up again taking his cock into her mouth. 

She sucked him deeply while moving both her hands up and down his shaft.He knew that he wouldn't last long and tried to withdraw.

She grabbed him and kept him in her mouth really sucking and pulling at the same time.He felt the pressure building up from his balls and felt himself erupt into her beautiful mouth.She kept on sucking milking him dry.

"Wow!" he said. 

She smiled up at him. He removed a trickle of cum from her chin. She took his finger into her mouth sucking on it while looking him in the eyes. 

"Shit it was hot!"

He felt his cock jumping to attention and looking at the lodge he pulled her down onto the grass diving in between her legs.He loved her taste and he started devouring her.She didn't take long to cum and as always she tried to push him away when she came but he kept going until she came again. 

He lifted her legs and in the same movement he penetrated her. 

His cock told him how much he missed her.He kept a steady pace loving her tightness.She looked beautiful in the moonlight.He increased the tempo when he felt her getting close and watched her while wave after wave hit her.

She was trembling when he picked her up and bent her over the bench.She only nodded when he asked her if she was all right.He again slipped his cock into her well lubricated pussy.He started again with long slow strokes waiting for her to build an orgasm.When she was almost there he started pumping into her with raw lust.She was making a bit of a noise when she reached the biggest orgasm of the night.

He kept on pumping thinking of where to unload. He felt that wonderful build up and with a funny feeling of courtesy he withdrew and shot load after load of cum over her back.

He turned her around hugging her planting a soft kiss on her mouth. 

"This feels so right," he thought. 

Realizing the danger he looked at his watch. 

"It's been an hour!"

He jumped into his pants ran to the table to grab a towel.He came back and using the towel he loving wiped his seed of her back. He kissed her and sat down while she walked away.

She reached the door just as her husband came out. He could feel her fear and he stood up when he swore at her.

"Where the fuck were you?" he screamed.

She walked into his arms saying that she just had a cigarette.Grant felt a ping of jealousy as Shane hugged Linda but he laughed softly when he kissed her.

"Urgh! Shane said - what did you eat?"

"Just a bit of leftovers,"she answered with a naughty smile.

Grant stood in the shadows looking at Linda the lady that he has just fucked and her husband started making out. 

She tried to move inside but he held her back grabbing her ass and squeezing her breasts.He pulled her to the table and bending her over the table he ripped her pants off. 

She complained but he was to strong. He dropped his pants and he entered her aggressively. 

Pumping in and out of her oblivious about her complaints. 

Grant felt sick watching this and knowing that he can't do anything about it. 

He took about a minute to come and he just pulled out and pulled his pants up.He stumbled back into the house.Linda was crying softly pulling her pants back up. 

He decided to risk it and walked up to her. 

He saw the disgust and fear in her eyes.She didn't want to look at him.She ran into the house sobbing.

Grant was disgusted and his hard on deepened his disgust. 

He sat down shaking he poured a neat whiskey and lit a cigar. 

He couldn't get the images out of his head.She has told him before about their sex life but he never expected something like this.

He just saw the girl he loved being raped and he not only didn't do anything but he is sitting with a damn hard on thinking about it.

Trying to work it out in his mind has made him wide awake.It was close to 6 in the morning when he heard a car drive off.

He looked and saw their car speeding away.

He couldn't get her out of his mind the next day and he even looked for an excuse to call her.She didn't answer.His wife asked him if anything was wrong and he could obviously not answer.

He couldn't wait for the Monday and he text her early as he knew her husband has left for work.

She again didn't answer.

He got to work early as she is normally the first one there.

He waited and after an half an hour he drove to her house.Her car was in the driveway but nobody opened.

He climbed over the gate and started banging on the door calling her name.

"Linda! I am going to break a window!"

Still she didn't answer.He looked into the windows walking around the house. 

Their bedroom windows drapes were drawn. He called again with no answer.

He took off his shirt and covering his hand with the cloth he broke the window with his fist.He felt a sharp pain and saw blood seeping through the cloth.He ignored it and opened the clip and jumped into the room.

She was lying curled up under the covers.He walked to her and sat on the bed.He removed the hair covering her face.Her eyes were open and tears were running down her face.

"Linda,"he whispered kissing her forehead. 

He threw the covers off and he picked her up hugging her and waiting for her to stop crying. 

He held her for half an hour until she stopped suddenly.

"You are bleeding,"she said looking up into his face.

He looked down at the blood soaked cloth thinking that if he got her attention by injuring himself he would do it again.

Typical wonderful woman that his injury made her forget about her own problems.

He picked her up and walked with her to the bathroom.He took her clothes off and put her in the shower.He then took off the rest of his clothes and climbed in with her.

He started washing her and although his cock felt differently there was nothing sexual about it. 

She removed the cloth and looked at the damage. 

Luckily the cuts weren't deep and it stopped bleeding after he kept it under the cold water. 

She left and returned with a bandage.She lovingly covered his hand. 

She looked at him when he grabbed his pants.

"Don't you want me anymore?"she asked. 

He took her in his arms kissing her softly.

"I will always want you but we need to talk,"he answered. 

"You don't need your pants to talk,"she bravely smiled up at him. 

Taking him by his hand she led him to a spare bedroom.

He stopped her when she grabbed his cock.

"Wait",he said,covering her with the bed cover.

"Linda talk to me" 

It came pouring out.It was a kind of a rape fantasy that her husband enjoys and she played with at the beginning but 90% of the time they have sex it's exactly the same.Him forcing himself onto her and only thinking of himself.

She got used to it but knowing that he saw them made her feel dirty and humiliated. 

She didn't think that he would ever want to even look at her after that. 

He looked her in the eyes and told her how much he loved her. 

"Show it,"she said grabbing his dick again. 

"Are you sure,"he asked?

"I have never been so sure of anything,"she answered.

She lay back and pulled him down with her directing his cock into her. 

He slowly started fucking her looking into her eyes. 

They built up a wonderful rhythm with long slow strokes. 

He saw that familiar look in her eyes as she came. 

He was not far behind her as he felt his cum exploding from his cock. He stayed in her kissing her softly wanting to stay like that for ever but he had a broken window to sort out.