 "Hunter's Cave" I told the driver, clambering into the back of the taxi.

Phew! What a grueling week it had been! I was really glad it was Friday at last. The closure of a month always meant tremendous workload, with daily routines going haywire in the hectic rush to meet the deadlines. Oh those long and painful presentations... and the never-ending demands of the bosses! I reflected back and smiled. I missed Ian. My Ian.

Resting against the back seat, I lightened a bit as the cool breeze swept across my face with the car speeding along. I had looked forward so much to this Friday. This coming weekend, to be honest. I would be seeing my boyfriend after such a long time. But taking a day's leave was quite impossible, to say the least. His flight was scheduled to land this afternoon; and I couldn't make it to the airport to meet him. "Oh, don't worry babe! There's that new bar in town you were always gushing about... why don't I wait there? You drop by after work, we'll catch a few drinks and then return home together!" he had chuckled in his deep, gruff voice.

I had been seeing Ian for a while now. We were living together, in fact. There were a few plans of settling down as well. Love was undoubtedly there, apart from the physical intimacy. The past one month had seemed like an eternity to me, without him. Even if my work had kept me engrossed during the day, to a certain extent, the emptiness and the loneliness used to engulf and punish me the moment I stepped into my home after office. I dreaded those solitary evenings, those absent nights and those claustrophobic mornings after waking up. Our daily messages and conversations became limited; his office tour to a different country in another continent had meant altogether opposite time-zones, his dawns becoming my dusks and vice-versa. Smartphones and several social networking apps came to our rescue as we communicated and poured our hearts out, to the extent possible; those precious dollops of physical presence now replaced by virtual realities and technological partnerships.

I longed for the sex, too. Memories of the lovemaking sessions anguished me further during my alone moments; also they often disturbed and distracted me when I was working. How long could I keep restraining my mind and body? Ian was a great lover of foreplay and erotic sex; I was like a musical instrument in his hands of a composer. It liberated me too, making me a lot more confident and open-minded; I learnt to fall in love with my own self, my own body and let go of any inhibitions, reservations and self-consciousness clouding and burdening my mind. His physique was really something to look at; I gaped and ogled at his nakedness, drinking and mapping those mouth-watering manly features with my needy eyes. He passed those same compliments on my figure, heaping generous praises in return and I always believed him, staring fixedly into those ocean-blue eyes and that laughing mouth as those honeyed words escaped from his full and bee-stung lips, while his large and heavy hands kept wreaking havoc inside every inch, every fold, every curve and every crevasse on my skin. It was my trembling moans that made him happy.

He had taught me to admire and feel proud of my body. Often I had found myself, looking at the mirror after emerging naked from the shower or stripping down to my bare minimum and standing in front of it, after coming back from office. I had marveled at the sight, somewhat unwillingly or hesitatingly; feasting my eyes on my own ample bosom, the breasts itching to break free from the shackles of the modest bra which I had soon unhooked; the erect nipples protruding out from the soft milky-white mounds and winking at me; an arousing sensation of wetness always overcame me, I felt as if Ian was watching me from a distance, egging me on, pushing my boundaries further, that gentle playful smile lighting up his mischievous eyes.

My hands always started to move on their own, feeling and fondling along as I began touching and pleasuring myself in orgasmic rhythm. Placing myself on a chair, I peered up at my own shameless self, discarding her soaked panties and opening her legs, her forbidden region offered in full display and eventually starting to glide a famished finger against those starving clitoral lips. Thereafter, it was all whimpering and panting as one hand pinched and squeezed the petite breasts while the other one busied itself inside the throbbing and pulsating vagina. As if in a hypnotic trance, I automatically sucked my fingers, tasting myself as the mirror captured the whole episode like a lecherous voyeur.

I was feeling incredibly hot and stuffy inside the cab, while the blushes on my cheeks kept luring me down those illicit alleys of guilty pleasures, without any hint of embarrassment. Really, those few adventures had kept me alive the entire last month, subduing my carnal instincts to a certain level and making me anticipate the return of my beloved. My delicate fingers never made me feel the need for a dildo or any other vibrating sex toy. The woman inside me was feeling very radiant today, pining for those hands upon her again, and literally begging for those tantalizing attacks of that familiar tongue, those well-known fingers and lips. I smiled at my own musings, secretly loving the readiness and naughtiness of my dirty mind. It was a long night ahead of us; the whole house was our open playground and we were just like two moths, forever drawn to a raging flame. It was just our world, completely. We always pranced around the house in negligent clothing, seducing ourselves, eating each other up, always ready for another round... might be under the shower, on the stairs, on the sofa, over the dining table, in the different rooms, in different positions... oh I could go on and on with the steamy details. My string of thoughts broke away as the driver applied the brakes and stopped in front of the pub. I paid the driver and ventured inside eagerly.

It was a lively place, no doubt. People were having a good time, the couches and the bar counter hustling and bustling with a healthy chatter. Business was booming on a Friday evening, orders were flying thick and fast and the bartenders were clearly enjoying themselves. A few single men checked out my figure and grimaced nastily. My eyes kept searching frantically for my guy and at long last, I noticed him at a table.

Grinning from ear to ear, Ian rushed out at me and pulled me in a rib-cracking bear-hug. "Oh honey, it's so lovely to see you again!!" he shouted in my ears while I pressed myself close to him, adoring him, and not minding his sweaty body odor as a result of his tiring journey. His lips soon found mine and my mouth clung on to them in a frenzied urgency. I kept my desperate tongue under control (for later hours) and satiated him with a swift kiss as we broke apart from our embrace. His face looked unshaven and exhausted, yet that glowing smile seemed all the more special and kept urging me to cuddle him. It was only then that a nearby voice called out "Wow! You guys are so horny!" that I looked around and realized that Ian had company.

Two women were sitting with him. The one, who had spoken, still kept guffawing and rolling in her seat. The other one kept silent but soon started giggling seeing the former. Even Ian joined in the fun. What was happening? I was still standing, perplexed and nonplussed at the proceedings.

"Have a seat babe." Said Ian happily.

"Okay then... time for another round! And Ian has just told me about your poison, Susan! Stay here, you two lovebirds!" shrieked the first girl as she stood up shakily to go up to the bar. The quieter one held her gently and the two left the table, leaving me, still trying to make out the affair, with Ian, who was again smiling broadly, taking my hands into his. I obliged, although feeling puzzled and a little cross.

It was then that I remembered seeing that loud girl somewhere. Yes. I knew who she was. Ian had had a couple of relationships in the past, which he had confided in me quite candidly. She was Christine, his former girlfriend, the one just before me. They had broken up for some reason, I couldn't recollect right now. Ian had shared her details with me; she was a fashion photographer by profession. Quite good-looking, with plenty of sex appeal, I might add. Certain other news had also reached my ears; that she was alcoholic, often took drugs and also preferred women, more than men, at present. Her blonde friend, another buxom beauty, was perhaps a result of her bisexual orientation, I pondered. But what was Ian doing with these ladies? How did they all end up together? This meeting was looking so surprising, strange and unlikely to me.

Ian was smiling expectantly at me. I smiled back nervously and proceeded to say something when those two joined us again, with Christine whooping and cheering.

"Hi Susie! Ian was telling us all about you! Oh you two haven't met! This is Linda. Linda - that's Susan. Ian's girl." Christine said all this, very quickly.

"Hi Susan. How do you do?" asked Linda politely. She had tempting eyes, I observed.

"Yeah... I'm fine thanks." I muttered back. I looked back at Ian again. Christine opened another bottle. "Cheers guys!! Cheers!!" she waved her bottle around and pecked Linda on her cheek. The latter looked visibly flustered by her partner's antics.

"Honey, you wouldn't believe what happened today," began Ian. Yes, please, fill me in. I was still in the dark.

Well, it turned out that my boyfriend had met his ex-flame in the airport lounge. Christine had also landed today afternoon; she would go back again tomorrow evening. Linda was her model, and they had come for a photo-shoot in the city. It was a short and busy trip. Their assignment was planned for tomorrow morning and so they were free tonight. Ian had pitched his idea of waiting for me here; the girls had come along to give him company. "Otherwise he would have been bored to death!" pleaded Christine mockingly and gleefully while Ian and Linda roared in laughter.

Ian and I were extremely frank and transparent with each other; I did not feel any problem whatsoever and joined them in their high spirits. There was no jealousy attack or anything. And there was no question of feeling insecure too; I smiled back reassuringly, at Ian who said "Yeah... it was really great catching up with everything."

I slowly began warming up to the two unknown faces, starting to enjoy myself in their company. Christine was an over-flowing chatterbox, a fine talker who was always in the mood for gossip and thereby kept us engaged all evening with her interesting nuggets about the fashion world, her experiences, first as a freelancer and then in different agencies, her various flings and other casual tidbits. I also grew very fond of Linda, quite unlike me, as I normally didn't get attached to anybody at first interaction. Reticent, mild-mannered and soft-spoken, Linda was almost poles apart from the motormouth Christine and as she shared her own experiences, we all got to know how amazingly quick-witted and sharp she was... constantly updated about everything happening in the world around her, with a ready answer to Christine's repertoire always kept handy. They were really a fun couple. The three of us also ganged up and kept pulling Ian's leg a lot; all of us were delighted and comfortable in this new-found camaraderie and bonhomie.

It was soon time for us to leave, the evening had passed by so quickly. Time always flew when people were having fun. Christine was a bit drunk; Linda had to persuade and cajole her for some time before she got up on her feet unsteadily. Clearly she was in no mood to go. I was pretty happy and contended, now wanting to retire for the night, not having much appetite for dinner after the drinks and the light snacks at the bar. Ian put his arm around me as we left the bar together; he also looked quite full and relaxed. Bidding the two girls good night and thanking them profusely for a lovely time, we started walking along the road, in search of a cab. We had planned to buy a car after Ian returned from his tour. Next week seemed like a good idea for that.

A car was honking behind us; we stopped in our tracks and turned around. Linda was driving, Christine was sitting beside her in the front seat, looking a bit disheveled, with her eyes closed. "Hey you two!" called out a smiling Linda. "Hop on. We will give you a ride back."

After we seated ourselves and the car started, Linda suggested that we got to their hotel room for a final drink. We both politely disagreed, citing how tired we all were and that we did not want to bother them anymore, since Linda and Christine had work to do the next day. Christine, waking up a little, rubbished all our claims and started coaxing Ian in a pleading voice "Please Ian... just one drink... for old times' sake... it would mean a lot to me... please". I was not feeling very comfortable about the matter; how long would they keep hijacking my boyfriend away from me? This was like stretching the evening further and further. I was also a bit wary about Christine's drunkenness, how she would behave and all... but I knew Linda would be present to soothe her, in case anything untoward happened. Moreover Ian would be there, for me.

"Oh come on Ian... Susie wouldn't mind. She would enjoy it too." Added Christine sleekly, winking maliciously at my worried face and laughing out loud. Ian patted my back and whispered "It will be fine baby." I gave him a small smile, although I still looked unconvinced and disapproving. "Yeah sure." Ian said loudly to the front. "Great! Don't worry guys... you can make out in the back now, if you like!" replied Christine and again rolled around in laughter. Linda and Ian cracked up too, I smiled and calmed my nerves as Christine kept us regaled with her jokes and one-liners, mostly dirty stuff, but they made me feel at home to a large extent. Just one quick drink, and then we would be out, I was breathing easy again.

"Cheers guys! To a night we will always remember!" Christine raised a toast. She had recovered a bit, after splashing water to her face. The suite was exquisite, the furniture, lighting and the interior decoration creating a perfect setting for this little cozy affair. The drink tasted sinfully good too. I glanced around at the others. All were looking smug and pleased, perhaps a bit recharged after this sharp intake of alcohol. Really great stuff, I admitted. We were all slumped on the ground, enjoying the aftertaste, absorbed in our own thoughts.

Ian asked for a refill, jokingly contemplating that he was thinking of spending the night here. Linda smirked and filled his glass, soon after Christine snatched the bottle from her hand and drained the last drops, pouting and smacking her lips in a satisfied way. The bottle lay innocently on the ground. I was peering at it when Christine shrieked out in her usual manner "Let's play Truth or Dare! Come on guys... please... please... please...!"

All the others were laughing. Really, how old were we? Christine looked like a precocious schoolgirl, always seeking attention with her tantrums and childish outbursts. Linda was attending to her needs, patiently, consolingly and sympathetically. But she wouldn't listen. "Come on guys... just an innocent game... for old times' sake." she was again resorting to emotional blackmail. "No naughty tasks, I promise." She implored and kept nagging. "What's the fun in that?" smiled a joking Ian, catching my eye and laughing. I didn't know what to think. I wanted to be a sport and play along. Let me see where this goes, I told myself. The idea seemed both fun and forbidden, at the same time. "Let's do it!" we all chorused as Linda started spinning the bottle. The first act was on.

It stopped before Ian. "Bring it on!" he challenged enthusiastically.

"Truth or dare?" asked Linda coyly. Christine was watching me closely, I noticed.

"Sorry to disappoint you ladies...Truth."

"Do you still love me Ian? Do you want to have sex with me tonight?"

The question came from Christine. She had asked lightly, it seemed to me. Linda kept shooting furtive glances between the two of them. I didn't mind, and kept on a smile.

"No babe. We have moved on. That's my girl out there." Ian threw a flying kiss at me. Linda whistled and clapped. "But I still like you though." He added, looking at Christine's somewhat crestfallen face.

"What about my second question, you lucky bastard?"

"Only one at a time. It's not fair." Ian mock-cried, putting up a wailing baby's face.

We all laughed, Christine relented, but my ears caught her almost inaudible whisper "Well, you never know". Nobody else had heard it, amidst such tittering, as Christine now grabbed the bottle and began the second round.

It was Linda's turn. "Dare!" She responded, razor-sharp as ever. "Now that's more like it!" urged Christine cockily as she screwed up her face to think of a difficult act for Linda to perform. Ian watched us lazily, clearly allowing Christine to ask all the questions.

I was quite surprised at Linda's forwardness. I had expected the quiet and shy girl to go with the safer option, since we all knew how great she was with her words. And I gasped out in shock when Christine delivered the verdict with a twisted smile. "I want you to kiss Susan on the lips."

I was taken aback; I was biting my lower lip anxiously. I cursed myself for playing this adolescent game and trusting Christine so much; I should have known that something like this would be demanded sooner or later. I first looked at Ian, who was eying me too from a distance. "Come on babe, you know you don't have to do it if you don't feel like it. But if you do, please make it hot!" he again collapsed in his hearty laughs, quickly joined by his ex. I looked up at Linda.

She was a genuine head-turner, I had noticed from the first glimpse. Her alluring round eyes invitingly beckoned me closer, reassuring me that it was all right. I strangely felt very secure around Linda. I was a little attracted to her, from the very beginning, and I prepared myself to feel her lips on mine. She was not the first girl I would be kissing, although the only experience I had prior to this, was just a shallow lip movement I had shared with a college friend, when we were both experimenting and trying out new things. I focused on Linda's ripe and sensual lips, as I slowly moved my yearning mouth forward.

It started slowly, and later picked up speed; Linda had understood my foreboding and hence wanted to make me feel at ease. Her aggressive pout frolicked along my lip edges, locking and consuming them as I inhaled her rapid breath and fresh fragrance in sharp intakes of air. I quickly removed my awkwardness and self-consciousness as I felt the other two watching us keenly. It felt wonderful to taste Linda's lips; she now began tugging and biting my lips with her teeth. Our lips glided and danced along in a beautiful tandem, as the darkest desires soon started getting unlocked inside our thirsty mouths. I was beginning to get highly inflamed as Linda's fervent liplocks excited me dangerously. I sensed some movements behind my back and felt a third person joining us.

It was Christine. She had crept up, uninvited and stealthily. "Keep kissing. No matter what." She mumbled in my ear and started nibbling my neck. I was unable to respond as Linda's silky tongue was thrust suddenly and violently into my panting mouth. Her tongue explored the inner walls, before finding my own tongue, embracing and sucking it ferociously. I was almost choking; the blonde was pulling and tugging my tongue hungrily while Christine started munching and licking my neck. It was an unbelievably good feeling, being sandwiched between the two horny vixens as Linda and I again began liplocking and tonguing, our unbridled passion play now sending a plethora of burning sensations all over my body.
