 Matt and I were always good friends from the time we met at college. When I met my present girl Lya, he hooked up with her friend Angie. One would have thought we might have slowed down on all the pussy talks but interestingly enough we talked even more about girls. We exchanged notes on how the girls were in bed and how we would like to share them with each other. We had no idea that the girls too had a very similar idea...

On this specific night just after the midterms were over we decided we need to have some fun. So plans were made to crash at my apartment for the night with plenty of booze and junk food. Thanks to all the exam pressure Lya and I had sex almost everyday but that just made me hornier. My girl was not one of those drop-dead gorgeous babes you find in American Pie, she is 5'5, 110 lb and wears a 32B bra. Although I had been with many much nicer girls Lya was a freak in bed. And most importantly she loved taking it in the ass which never fails to drive me crazy with pleasure. But that is another story.

Lya and myself were setting the table when Matt and Angie knocked on the door. I opened the door to them and just couldn't take my eyes off Angie's legs. She wore a mini denim skirt which nicely showed them off and thanks to her Spanish blood she had one of those juicy asses that makes you want to blow your load just by looking at it. Matt saw me staring, grinned at me and let himself in.

"Hi sexy! How's my girl doing tonight?" said Matt planting a kiss on Lya's cheek.

Lya giggled slapped Matt's arms and hugged Angie. I took Matt aside and told him we should make a move today. I could see from his face he was excited.

"Girls lets get this party started," bellowed Matt. I opened the Brandy and poured all of us a drink. Not only was it our favorite drink but with 40% alcohol I was sure the girls were gonna let their hair down very soon.

"I am bored," said Angie. I quietly chuckled as that's what I was expecting from her after her 3rd shot. 

"Hey why don't we play Truth and Dare? I always wanted to play it but never got the chance," I said with an innocent look on my face. Lya looked at me suspiciously but did not say anything. 

"Sounds fun let's do it," Matt quickly responded. I set the brandy aside and opened the beers instead. Although I wanted the girls under the influence I did not want however for them to pass out just yet.

We sat on the floor with our drinks and Lya set the rules. 

"Ok guys before we start I want to make sure that what ever is said in this room does not leave this room," All of us quickly agreed.

"We take turns and if you don't want to do it then you have to take off an article of clothing," said Matt. I agreed quickly and after some consideration the girls agreed.

Angie as always wanted to be the first one and nobody wanted to argue with her especially when she was drinking.

"Truth or dare Dan?" asked Angie

"Truth," I quickly replied.

"How old were you when you lost your virginity?" 

That was easy as both my girl and Matt knew about my first chick. "18," I said.

"A bit of a late bloomer ain't you," giggled Angie and Lya joined in.

Clearly pissed off I was determined to fuck this chick tonight real hard.

"Truth or dare Angie?" I asked

"Truth," she replied.

"How often do you masturbate?"

"Dan!!!!!!!" exclaimed Lya, but I was determined to move this game forward. 

After a few minutes of thinking Angie glared at me and removed her left sock.

By the second round the girls had lost their socks and Matt his shirt.

"Truth or dare Lya?" Said Matt

"Truth," she muttered.

"Do you like anal sex?" he knew the answer already because I used to brag about it all the time. 

Lya game me a funny look and thought for a while. I knew what she was thinking because if she refused to answer she would have to take her top off.

"Yes I do," said Lya

"Lucky bastard!" Matt high fived me and got a slap on the head from Angie.

"Truth or dare Matt?" asked Lya was determined to get back at Matt

"Truth," Matt responded

"How long is your cock?" Angie giggled and Matt glared at her. Lya knew from me that Matt had a 6 inch cock and he wasn't exactly happy with the size. He glared at both of us and took his T shirt off.

I winked at Matt as it was time to raise the game to the next level.

"Truth or dare Matt?" I asked.

"Dare". The girls looked eagerly as this was the first dare. 

"I dare you to French kiss Angie for a whole minute," Lya grinned and Angie relaxed as it wasn't anything she hasn't done before us. Before the game we decided to make the girls comfortable by only using dares with their guys at least for the first half.

Matt started to kiss Angie real slowly and then inserted his tongue into her mouth. Their tongues started playing with each other and a small moan escaped Angie. Watching Angie was such a turn on and I placed my hand on Lya's ass. She smiled at me and cuddled closer. The alcohol was making Angie bold and she almost pulled Matt on her and was trying to get hold of his cock. 

"Times up," cried Lya, a little bit embarrassed by her best friend's action. 

Matt grinned straightened his shorts to cover his erection and sat down.

"Truth or Dare Lya?" asked Matt.

"Dare," replied a clearly turned on Lya.

"I dare you to let Dan kiss your ass all over," 

I was expecting Angie to be shocked but she was way too turned on after that kiss. Lya grinned at me and slowly stood up and lifted her skirt up in a way that only I could see her gorgeous tight ass.

"Hey no Fair I can't see," complained Matt

"Well that was not the dare," Glared Lya back. I did not care because I was seeing the 8th world wonder. I slowly kissed her ass cheeks and started tracing my tongue all over. Then with my hand moved her black thong to the side and spread her cheek with my hands and took the aroma in. God her ass smelled great. I slightly licked her hole and gently teased her. I knew this was turning Lya on a lot because her pussy was dripping wet. What started as a gentle lick turned into some serious ass eating. I ate her ass out and she was so turned on she forgot the audience and moaned loudly. 

"Times up," said Matt. Lya swore under her breath because she was so close to cumming. I grinned at Matt and wiped my face with my T-shirt.

"Truth or dare Dan?" asked Angie.

"Dare," I quickly replied.

"I dare you to kiss Matt," giggled Angie.

"Hell no!" I quickly removed my T-shirt. No matter how close Matt and me were, we were straight and we intended to keep it that way.

"Truth or Dare Matt?" asked Lya

"Dare,"

"I dare you to show your cock to us," This time Matt knew he had to do it or Lya was gonna bug him for the rest of the evening. So he stood up and opened his zipper and took his 6- inch cock out. 

"Yummy," said Angie licking her lips. And Lya giggled embarrassed.

"Truth or dare Lya?" said Matt. 

I expected her to say truth as Matt was after revenge. So I was surprised when the answer came as Dare.

"I dare you to show your pussy to us," Lya smiled at him and stood up. I was shocked she was going to do something like that this soon. But she had other plans in her mind. She slowly performed a strip tease and took her top off. 

Seeing her only in her bra and skirt was clearly turning Matt and myself on.

"Truth or dare Angie?" it was my turn for revenge.

"Dare," 

"I dare you to let me smell you panties," Matt waited holding his breath because from this point there was no turning back. 

Angie thought for a while and then smiled at Lya who smiled back. Us boys were taken back by the girls' action and gave each other a puzzled look. Instead of removing the panty and giving it to me Angie stood up and came near my face and lifted her skirt. I was so shocked to see her white panty inches away from my face.

She looked down at me and said "You wanted to smell it, what are you waiting for?"

I brought my nose to her pussy and took a deep breath in. I could see her white panty was all soaked by her pussy juice. By the look of it she also shaved her pussy like Lya. The aroma of her pussy juice was driving me crazy. I pretended to smell her panty and touched her slit with my nose. She bit her lips to stop herself from moaning. I traced my nose all over her pussy until Lya interrupted the session by calling time.

All of us were clearly turned on and I knew the girls had reached a point where there didn't care who was gonna fuck them as long as they got some dick. We decided to have a bathroom break Matt and Angie went to the bathroom and I knew there was going to be some serious necking. My girl and me were alone for the first time since we started the game

.

"Are you ok with what's happening love?" I asked.

"Why shouldn't I be? We are just having fun right," she responded.

I grinned at her and kissed her neck. She held my head and tilted her head back. From her neck I traced my tongue to her boobs. She moaned loudly. As she was just wearing a bra I had a great vision of her tits. When Matt and Angie came to join us I was sucking Lya's left tit. 

Matt cleared his throat loudly and grinned. Lya quickly adjusted her bra and I slowly wiped my face and gave a sheepish look at my friends.

"Ok guys lets get on with the game," said Angie.

"I guess it's my turn again, Lya truth or dare?"

"Dare," Lya said breathlessly.

"I dare you to let Dan suck your boobs in front of us," 

God, this was going to be interesting I thought to myself. Lya pretended to glare at her best friend and gave me a wicked grin. I shrugged my shoulder pretending that I had no choice and pulled her to me. I unhooked her bra which was not covering anything at this point anyways and let her boobs pop out. Although they were small they were damn tight and because Lya was so horny her nipples stood erect. I licked around her nipples gently teasing her. She moved her body in order to get my mouth to her nipples. I ignored her moves and kept on teasing her a few minutes. Lya was on fire with lust. She pulled me on top of her and started to grind her pussy on my thighs, I took the hint and started to suck on her left nipple while playing with her right tit with my hand.

"Oh God I am cumin!!!!!!!!!" Lya screamed as she came hard. There was total silence in the room, as Lya lay there spent. I grinned at her, kissed her hard, stood up and pretended to take a bow. By the look of their face I knew Matt and Angie were as turned on as me. 

Lya exhausted sat next to me with a satisfied look on her face.

"Ok my turn, I dare you to give Matt a blowjob in front of us," I said without bothering with the start up formalities. I knew she would do it because from what I heard Angie loved giving head. Matt lay on his back. Angie slowly removed his trousers and pulled his boxers down. I pulled Lya towards me and made her sit on my hard on. She grinned at me and adjusted her ass cheek so my cock was right in the middle.

Angie started to lick Matt's cock all over and traced her tongue to his balls. Matt moaned loudly. She licked her middle finger and inserted it slowly in his ass. This was driving Matt crazy. He held her hair and pushed his dick into her opened mouth. From the way she took all six inches of his manhood in one go I knew Matt was telling me the truth. This girl was really good at giving head and she was actually enjoying it. I ground my cock on Lya's ass. Seeing Angie performing a blow job on Matt was turning me on real bad. From the way Matt was moving his hip up and down I knew he was close.

"Urgh!!!!!!" bellowed Matt as he came. Surprisingly Angie took the sperm in and swallowed all of it nicely without letting any drip. 

Lya looked surprised. She could never do it as she hated the taste of cum.

Matt didn't bother with putting his pants on. He just pulled his boxers up to cover his limp cock. Just Angie and myself hadn't yet had an orgasm that night. 

"Dan, I dare you to go 69 with Angie in front of Lya and me," said Matt. I looked at Lya for permission. 

She grinned at me leaned closer near my ears. 

"I don't care what you do with Angie but don't forget you are my man and that's how it's gonna be if you want to keep your dick between your legs." I grinned at her, kissed her on her lips and nodded.

I removed my trousers and boxers. As I lay on my back. Angie didn't even bother looking at Matt. She removed her skirt and panty and lay on top of me. God, looking at Angie's naked ass and pussy was almost making me cum. I thought of my 68-year old neighbor in order to keep myself from exploding. I did not waste anytime playing with Angie's pussy as both of us were really turned on. I attacked her clit like a hungry puppy.

She had all my 7 inch cock inside her and still managed to moan. I spread her ass cheek and smelled her pucker hole. God, I was such as ass man. I ate her ass out and then inserted a finger inside and turned my attention to her pussy. I tongue fucked her at the same time she was performing the best blowjob I ever had. I knew I was close so I held her ass real tight and started to lick her clit. Both of us exploded at the same time. My face was covered with Angie's pussy juice. Although I did my best to drink all of them quickly she came in buckets. Both of us clearly spent she stood up and went to wash her face, I followed her for the same reason. 

As soon as I walked inside the bathroom Angie pushed me into the wall and kissed me. Normally I do not like to taste my own cum but this time I didn't care. My limp cock grew in record time. I responded fiercely by kissing Angie real hard. Our tongues played with each other for a while until I was fully erect and ready to go again. 

"Take me in my ass Dan," pleaded Angie.

"Are you sure?" I asked, because I knew Angie had a virgin ass. She nodded and turned around holding on the washing basin for support. Looking at Angie's gorgeous ass popping up was turning on me real bad but I knew I had to be gentle in order for her to have the right experience. I took the gel I had in the bathroom, which I normally use on Lya's ass and poured a generous amount on my finger and inserted it inside Angie's ass. God, her ass was tight and on fire. I poured more on my cock and kept it near her pucker hole. I knew she was a bit nervous because she tightened her ass muscle. I told her to relax and slowly inserted the head of my cock. Her ass muscle resisted feebly before the head popped in. By this time Angie was playing with her pussy. I was determined to go gentle but Angie had other ideas. She pushed herself quickly towards me and all my 7 inch cock went completely inside her virgin ass.

"God, it feels so good," moaned Angie.

"Fuck me now Dan, I want it hard." 

I did not need to be asked twice. I started fucking her virgin ass really hard and fast. I knew it would take me a while to cum as I had just cum. I bent slightly and got hold of her boobs and kept on fucking her ass while playing with her boobs. I pinched her nipples real hard. This chick was driving me crazy and I intended to fuck the brains out of her. 

I let go of her boobs and took her dark long hair in my hands. I pulled her head back using her hair and fucked her ass real hard. I heard her whimper as the gel dried up due to my continuous pounding in her ass. But I didn't give a shit, this woman told me to fuck her hard and that's what she was going to get. She tried to take my cock out of her ass. But I did not give her a chance. I spit some saliva on my hand and rubbed it on some part of my cock without getting the head out of her. I held her shoulder with my left hand so she couldn't move away, held her hair in my right hand, and started to fuck her ass real hard again. This started to turn her on again and she started moaning. I knew I was getting close to my second orgasm. I let go of her hair, held her hips, and continued pounding her ass. She used both her hands to hold on to the wash tub while I fucked her ass non-stop.

"God I am cuming babe!!!" I bellowed as I filled her ass with my sperm. She quickly fingered her pussy and rubbed her clit fast and came again. Both of us were sweating real badly. I grinned at Angie and kissed her shoulder and took my cock out. We washed ourselves and walked out to see Matt pounding Lya's pussy. Not wanting to disturb them we walked outside the apartment and sat on the balcony. 

Fifteen minutes later Matt and Lya joined us. I took Lya's hands and pulled her towards me. I kissed her hard and looked in to her eyes. There was no jealousy just love. At that point I knew I was going to marry this chick.