 As in previous episodes, to avoid any confusion and disappointment for you, the reader, there sex between women and men, and women and women. There is also sex between consenting, adult males. If this type of sexual expression doesn't turn you on as much as it does me, please, read no further. Thanks.

---

The den was huge- as big as our whole apartment. There was loads of seating. I could just tell this was a 'party room.' Dennis and Briget were curled up on a love-seat, and Roz and Brian draped around each other on the other smaller sofa. Marc and I were on the bigger sofa, with Kyle between us. 

Sandra joined us for a glass of wine. She sat in the big comfy wing-back. She wore a pair of silk lounging pajamas, and her short hair was a corona around her pretty face. I caught a brief glimpse of braless nipples under the slick fabric of her top, and I was thinking all sorts of nasty thoughts. 

A few times this afternoon, I had absently thought that I'd like to get her alone somewhere and slowly undress her, and lick and suck her tits, and maybe more. 

If only she wasn't my bosses daughter. 

But that had all gone out the window.

Now anything was possible.

---

After the other party guests had left, sat in the living room, talking and drinking wine. Brian had been sent to rob the wine cellar of a few more bottles. The kids were allowed to drink as well, and everyone was loose and happy. 

Roz was going on about life in Bush's America- how everyone was getting more and more closed-minded. She said any hope of an enlightened society was gone, and she was in despair about it. She was praying Kerry would win the coming election.

Dennis asked if she was talking about sex. Roz said yes, sex was part of it. Sandra muttered something and rolled her eyes. "We're all adults here," said Briget, "and we can surely have an adult conversation about sex without getting all sanctimonious about it." 

Sandra said, "Yes, I can easily have a conversation about sex without getting all sanctimonious about it; I'm just not used to having that kind of conversation with my parents in the room." Everyone laughed at that. Briget said if she was embarrassed that she could go to bed. She stayed where she was.

"So, do you think we're sexless beings just because we're over forty?" Dennis asked.

"No, dad," said Sandra, "it just seems... weird, that's all."

"As weird as the thoughts of your kids having sex?" asked Roz. 

Both Sandra and Kyle started. 

"Yes, Kyle," said his mother, looking right through him, "I know you've had sex. And I'm glad that you at least waited till you were eighteen."

I looked at Kyle, and was blushing so brightly he looked like a tomato in a blond wig.

"You see Kate," said Briget. "Despite what the prudish Sandra says, we have talked a lot about sex. We talked to our kids about sex, and drinking and drugs and all the pitfalls of youth as they were growing up. We only asked that they listen to our advice and abstain from any of it until they were old enough to vote."

"Sounds like good parenting," I said.

She smiled. "We thought so. Sandra didn't."

Sandra sat up straighter, indignant. "What? I did too listen."

Both Dennis and Briget cracked up. "Oh, Sandy," laughed Briget, "if you're sixteen and you're going to give your boyfriend a blow-job in the front seat of his car, try and make sure that its not parked right below your parent's bedroom window." Everyone but Sandra was howling in glee, she was blushing like Kyle had earlier. "I have to admit, it was exciting to watch!"

Roz slapped her thigh. "So exciting they called us to come and watch you finish him off!"

It was apparent that Sandra was absolutely mortified. Her mouth opened and closed but nothing came out, except a wheezy, "Oh, god...", then she burst into embarrassed tears. Briget rushed over to console her. She sat on the edge of the chair and wrapped her daughter in her arms.

"Oh, its alright, dear," she cooed, stroking her hair. "It's nothing to be ashamed of. We're all adults here- we've all had sex and... maybe even sex that might be seen as, well... out of the ordinary. Though I can't speak for Kyle, and I can't speak for our guests..."

Brian had disentangled himself from Roz, and he went to the mantle over the fireplace. He opened a little carved, wooden box and removed a plastic bag.

"No," I said. "We've had sex that's... out of the ordinary, too."

Sandra's voice was muffled, snuffling beside her mother's breast. "Oh yeah? In public? So everyone can see?"

"Yes Sandra... well, at least... in a group. Group sex." I took a quick drink of wine. Marc looked over at me, wondering if I had gone insane. Kyle was looking at me too, though he seemed to be lingering on my breasts more than my eyes. I looked back at the two of them and smiled. I kind of spaced out, looking at the two of them, thinking about Kyle giving head to Marc, and wondering if my husband had returned the favor. I realized my pussy was really getting wet again. The vibe of the room had shifted. 

Brian appeared in front of us with the plastic bag, and pulled out a fat reefer. He looked at Marc and I in turn. "Do you mind?" he asked. I looked at my boss, wondering what she'd think, but while I was spacing out, Briget was already lighting up. She took a small hit and passed it to her teary-eyed daughter. Marc and I rarely smoked dope any more. It was a nice occasional treat, but I remembered what had happened last time I smoked up in a social setting as potentially volatile as this.

"No, we don't mind at all," Marc replied. Brian smiled and handed the reefer and a lighter to Marc. Marc lit up and Brian went back to the mantle. He flipped a switch by the fireplace and the logs burst into gas flames. He went to a panel on the wall and the lights all around us dimmed to a mellow warmth. He lit a few candles that were scattered around. As the room filled with the sweet aroma of pot smoke and scented candles, it was like the vibe shifted into overdrive. I sort of floated away on a cloud as the joints burned down.

Roz had come and sat between her son and I. I could feel her slender, yet comforting frame beside me. Across from us, Brian sat, like Dennis, alone and smiling, on their respective love-seats. Like they were spectators, waiting for whatever happened next. I rubbed my thighs together, hoping secretly that they wouldn't have to wait long.

The conversation had dropped off while we passed around the joints. Briget took up the thread. "So, Kate... do you like it?"

"Like what?" I asked.

"Group sex."

"I guess... it all depends on the group," I said.

Roz placed her hand on my thigh and leaned toward Sandra and Briget, dropping the last roach in the ashtray. "See, Sandra? Everyone has done things that were potentially embarrassing. But as long as you're among friends, or people... who understand, its really no big deal. Right, Kate?" She looked at me. Her hand had crept up my and rested on my inner thigh, fingers lightly pressing one after the other, like she was playing a soft piano. I nodded, then took the plunge. 

"Its no big deal," I repeated softly, then I leaned in and kissed her while the whole room watched, hushed. She kissed me back for a moment, then pulled away. It was like she was composing herself.

Roz took a breath, then spoke. "Alright everybody. Unless you are totally stupid, I think we all know where this is going." This is it, I thought, we're all gonna fuck... I was so horny from the wine and the pot and the great company, that I could barely stand it! Roz looked around the room. No one spoke. "Kyle, Sandra... I know we've tried to bring you up as thinking, feeling, open minded people, and I think we've done a damned good job." I was looking at Briget, and she was nodding in agreement. She smiled, and hugged her daughter closer. 

Roz continued. "If either of you feel that you can't look upon what is going to happen with a totally open mind, then you can leave. No pressure. Okay? But if you decide to stay, here are the ground rules. Nobody here will judge you, no matter what. And we would appreciate you not judging us, either."

She let her last comment hang out there, for all to see. Neither of the kids moved. 

"Does everybody understand?" She looked at Kyle, and then Sandra, who both nodded solemnly. Then she looked at all of us. "Good."

Brian laughed and looked at me. "It's usually easier to just listen to what Roz says. We just follow along."

Everyone laughed, breaking the tension. Briget and Dennis both seconded that opinion.

Roz made the first move. She leaned in and kissed me again, this time more forcefully. She brought a hand up to fondle one of my big tits and I arched my back and moaned encouragement while wrapping my arms around her. I craned my neck back and she kissed my naked throat. I have no idea how long it went on- I was really enjoying it, and I was hoping that she would continue... but all too soon, she let go of my breast and pulled away and we both leaned back, a bit out of breath. "I've wanted to do that all day..." she said.

When I opened my eyes, I looked at Marc. He had one hand on Kyle's shoulder and the other on the teen's bare thigh. Kyle's eyes were wide and he was licking his lips. 

"See? Its no big deal," I sighed. I glanced over at Sandra and Briget and they were both flushed with excitement, too, from watching Roz and I. Briget, sitting above Sandra on the arm of the chair, had let one of her hands slide from Sandra's shoulder to lightly cover one of her daughter's tits. Oh God, I thought, was I going to see what I thought I was going to see? That was so... so fucking decadent! 

I shivered and pressed my legs tightly together. I felt like I was going to cum! I thought I saw Briget's hand slowly moving when Marc cleared his throat. I looked at him.

"Holy shit, Kate... that was so... oh, fuck."

I cocked my head at Kyle beside him. "I know about you and Kyle this afternoon, Marc." They both blushed deeply. "I say it's alright... Go for it." Kyle looked at Marc, then at me. Then he looked at his mother beside him. Was he really going to have to ask permission? 

"You're an adult now, Kyle." she whispered. "Its no big deal." Kyle's chest was heaving up and down. "Go ahead, sweetie," she whispered. Kyle looked at my husband, who gently squeezed the 19 year-olds slender thigh. Kyle took a deep breath, got off the couch and stood in front of Marc. I could see the bulge of his cock in his shorts. Marc ran his hand over it. Kyle shuddered, stripped off his tank top and tossed it aside. Marc took one more look at me and I nodded. He slid his hand over the bulge once more and Kyle took it. Marc drew him forward onto him, and the boy settled down on his lap. Their lips met in a feverish kiss. As Kyle quickly worked at the buttons of Marc's shirt, Marc's fingers were working at the button-like nipples on his partner's chest. They then moved down to start working off the boy's shorts. I heard Briget and Sandra moaning, but I was too transfixed to even peek and see what they were doing.

Roz couldn't stop staring at the two men, either. Knowing what I knew later, the fact that one was her teen-aged son must have been driving her mad. "Oh, fuck," she moaned beside me, "that is so fucking hot..." Even though I wanted to watch, our hands had found each others and our fingers twined as she pulled me close to her and we kissed- our bodies meshing together.

---

I heard things. 

I lost track of what was going on around me, but I knew things were happening. I heard Briget and Sandra converse in hushed tones, and then Briget telling her to go talk to Brian. I heard Briget call for her husband to get over there and fuck her right now. I heard clothes being removed and bodies coming together in sweaty, passionate lust. I heard kisses and tender words. I heard urgent whispers of need. I heard Kyle moan, and I looked over to see his eyes roll back in his head as my husband knelt before him and took his hard, pale and slender cock all the way down his throat.

But what I heard most of all, was my own thundering heartbeat in my ears as Roz stripped me of all my clothes, kissing me all the while. She ripped off my shirt, then pulled off my capris, crouched on the floor below me. I took off my own bra as she peeled off my wet panties. She crawled back upon me and took one of my rock hard nipples into her hungry mouth and sucked as hard as anyone ever had. She then kissed me on the mouth and our tongues writhed around each others. 

I felt two gentle fingers invade my drenched pussy, and slowly pump in and out, and in and out. Just as I was getting used to them being there, Roz slowly withdrew them and brought them up to our faces. I was embarrassed by the wetness, and the obvious scent of arousal I had produced, until she brought them to our lips. She looked in my eyes and sensually licked one of her soaked fingers. Not to be out-done, I kicked the other. We both moaned and gasped, our fingers and lips and tongues meeting in a hungry, sexual dance. When the fingers were clean, I smiled and pushed her back onto the couch, and started removing her clothes.

Her shirt, and sports bra were first. Her tits were smaller, yet kind of perky. She was in great shape for 43. Her pale nipples stood up proudly and I gently took one, then the other into my mouth as I straddled over top of her. Roz's eyes were closed, and the top of her blonde-haired head was grinding against her son's naked thigh. Roz didn't seem to care and Kyle didn't seem to notice, since my husband was eagerly sucking his cock. Marc was completely naked, crouched on the floor in front of him. His cock was totally erect and parallel to his belly. (I wished I had paid attention to when Kyle undressed him! I would have loved to have seen that!) 

I moved up to kiss Roz, and after a while, I felt a hand sliding from my shoulder, down to my ass. I looked up and it was Kyle, watching me ravish his mother with wide-eyed interest. As Marc slurped hungrily at his cock, I sat up on Roz's stomach. I took Kyle's hand, and smiling, I placed the open palm on my breast and held it there. His eyes got even wider as he squeezed me roughly, and played with the nipple. My eyes got wider as Roz found my wet, pearly clit with her thumb and started rubbing me off. 

I don't know why I did it- maybe I wanted us all four of us to be connected, but I took Kyle's hand and placed it on his mother's breast. Roz's eyes flew open. Both of them shuddered and jumped, like I had zapped them with an electrical charge. They froze.

I leaned down and whispered to both of them, "Its no big deal... Its no big deal..." 

After the initial shock wore off, Roz relaxed and said "Go ahead, Kyle, do it... She's right, it's no big deal." Kyle stared at both of us, then started softly rubbing ad squeezing his mothers breast, while she pinched her other one. I got off of Roz's stomach, (as much as I liked the feel of her rubbing my clit) and pulled her shorts, then panties off. I swung her legs around had my breath taken away by her gorgeous shaved pussy. I wasted no time but dove in, tongue first. She writhed and moaned, and put the back of her thighs on my shoulders. I looked up and she had her eyes closed, with her son's hand clasped tightly to her breast while she told the world how good it all felt. She was really wet and I was feasting on her juices. 

In no time, she moaned that she was cumming. She squeezed my head between her thighs and ground my face into her pussy and she came in a series of ragged, red-faced gasps. Honey-like fluid poured from her pussy and I swallowed every decadent drop. Eventually, her legs fell off to the sides and I gave her one last, loving lick and sat back on my heels. I looked over at Kyle and he started bucking and moaning. He told Marc that he was going to cum, and Marc just started sucking harder. I pulled Roz to a sitting position, and sat up on the couch beside our two men. We leaned forward because we wanted to see young Kyle cum- at least I did. Roz, though dazed and coming down from her orgasm, had her eyes wide open. So I guess she wanted to see it too. 

My husband stopped sucking, and started slowly stroking Kyle's cock, catching his breath and licking his lips. "Come on, boy," he said, "let me see you cum... let me see you shoot..."

Roz slid closer to her boy and joined the chant, saying that she wanted to see him cum, too. I had seen and done some wild things but this was the wildest. She grabbed his arm with both hands and held him close, her tits pressing against his biceps. Marc looked like he was going to start sucking again, but he just stroked him faster and faster, until Kyle cried out and the first ropes of cum shot from his prick, landing in the middle of his hairless chest. The second string landed partially on his chest and partly on his mother's. There were no more because Marc swooped back down and sucked them all from the source.

Despite her apparent desire to see her son ejaculate, Roz was so shocked when it hit her, that she had leaned back into me and moaned, "Oh god, that was... that was..." She put a hand on my naked thigh and I took it and kissed her fingers. She looked at me and said, "That was wild..."

"Yes," I said. "Wild." I guided her hand to her son's chest and rubbed her fingers through it. She yanked her hand back and looked at me, reluctant and wide-eyed; her mouth moving silently. I kissed her cheek and said, "Its no big deal, right?" She nodded.

I brought her hand again to her son's chest, and she started playing with his cum of her own accord. While she was doing this I wiped the smear of her son's cum off her breast and brought it to my lips and sucked it off as she watched. She then continued playing with the cum on Kyle's chest. 

I sat back and watched Marc finish sucking Kyle's cock. When he finished, he looked at me and the corners of his mouth curled up. He stood and leaned over Roz, and kissed me. My eyes flew open as I realized that we were swapping the teen's cum! His eyes were open and he was looking at me mischievously. I sighed, contented. I reached up along his thigh, heading for his big erection. Imagine my surprise when I found Roz's hand already there and jerking him off!

She looked at me, as if asking if it was alright that she might take him on. I nodded, and she leaned over and kissed me deeply. I reached for my glass of wine and leaned back into the corner of the couch to survey the scene around me. 

Kyle was lying back into the opposite corner of the couch, gently rubbing his semi-hard prick, blissfully watching his mother playing with Marc's uncut cock. Marc was standing in front of Roz, and she was sitting on the edge of the sofa, as she took his fat cock almost all the way down her throat. She was good- I could barely get that much into my mouth! But I looked over to the other love-seat and saw how she got the practice. 

Brian was leaning back, naked, on the small sofa and young Sandra was timidly stroking his cock. It was a beauty! Not quite as big as Marc's, but just as nicely formed. He was circumcised, with a plum-colored head. Sandra was still dressed. Brian was moaning, saying how good it felt. Although she sat a foot or so away from him, Sandra's pelvis was thrusting toward his cock, as if she wanted it in her pussy, but was far too shy to go that far. And her guilty eyes kept drifting over now and again to look at her parents.

Her parents were going for it in the wing-back chair. Dennis was sitting, legs splayed off to either side, while my boss rode his cock, facing forward so she could see everything going on around her. She was whimpering, rubbing her clit feverishly with one hand, while supporting herself on the arm of the chair with her other. Dennis' hands were wrapped around her massive tits, tweaking the nipples between two fingers. She kept biting her lower lip and... Oh god, her tits were creamy, and white, and... big. Not so big as to be gross udders, but the tits of a mature woman. Sure, there were a few stretch marks, but what the fuck- she was over 40! I had always hoped to hell that mine didn't droop or sag as I got older. I wanted mine to look just like hers. Fuck! it all made me so horny!
