 "I'm not sure if I want to kiss you, or punch you in the balls."

"And it's nice to meet you too," I replied.

It wasn't long after that exchange that I found myself staring at Melanie's huge, bare breasts. This was unexpected considering I'd only known her for maybe two hours. "Take out your dick!" she yelled, way too loudly.

"But it's so cold out."

That was the truth. It must've been 1:00 AM at that point, and jumping in the river didn't sound so appealing. But then again, if I hadn't suggested we go skinny dipping, I wouldn't have had naked women all around me.

"Don't be such a pussy!" Melanie taunted.

I looked over at my buddy Toby who like me was down to his underwear. The two of us were in the midst of four decent-enough looking topless girls. We shrugged and stripped down. Melanie blatantly stared at my crotch the whole time, eyeing me extra carefully as my dick popped out of my briefs. She said nothing.

I don't recall who jumped in first, but within seconds there were six naked bodies floating around the swimming hole. I settled on a spot near Melanie. She arched her gigantic tits in my direction. They really were a sight to behold, although in the darkness I could hardly make out her dark brown nipples.

I was a little more discreet. I'd found a spot in the shallows where the water line was just above my dick. This way I'd get to tease Melanie a bit, but more than anything the water was cold, and I was lacking confidence so to speak.

Melanie was shivering. "Come give me a hug, I'm freezing," she said.

It was a pretty forward statement for a topless girl to make, and I didn't know how to respond. "Uh...just dunk your head under the water and get it over with."

"You know I can't get my hair wet! Don't be so shy."

I heeded her advice and walked over, dick swinging in the wind. I attempted to give her one of those awkward, ass-out hugs, but she drew me in closer, pushing her heaving breasts against my body. Her hands found their way up and down my back, digging in slightly with her long fingernails.

My dick was pressed up against her leg, and it began to grow. I lowered my hands down her back until they were on her ass. I played with it, pinching her cheeks and spreading them apart.

Her ass was so fleshy. I grabbed handfuls of it, and spanked it around harder and harder. I slapped it so hard that the sound echoed down the river canyon. With each slap I watched her flesh ripple. Loving the raw passion of it, Melanie dug her nails deeper into my back.

I slid my hand between her legs and cupped her pussy. My middle finger explored her slit before finding a place to rest on her clit. Her pussy was so tight that it was like the river had frozen it shut.

Melanie laughed and pushed me away. "I'm sorry, it's just too cold," she said before climbing out of the water. "Tommy, can I use your towel?"

As much as I was looking forward to a dry towel, it's hard to say no to a naked chick, so I relented. Everyone else got out after Melanie. I made sure to sneak a peek at Lucera a tall, thick Mexican girl with a very sensuous body. She was flagrantly displaying her ass as she slipped back into her tiny black thong, and eventually her jeans.

I waited another minute for my erection to subside before I finally got out. Melanie was still wrapped up in my towel. "Finally," she said. "I've been waiting for some body heat."

She embraced me like a boa constrictor, almost too tight for comfort. My hands instantly found their way to her perfect ass. Our genitals were pressed together. My cock began to rise. "Hold the towel," Melanie whispered.

I grabbed the towel while Melanie grabbed my cock and balls. She playfully squeezed my penis like she was juicing fruit, gently letting her fingers run down the length of my shaft. She fondled me for about ten seconds before pulling her naked body away. 

Everyone got dressed and we took the fairly dangerous trail back to our cheap, park-issued cabins. We were all beat. I probably could've invited myself into Melanie's cabin, but I wasn't sure I wanted to, so I didn't.

In those days I used to bike to work. On my ride I strolled by Melanie's cabin. Naturally she was out front. I wanted to pull a wave and ride, but that seemed too rude. Instead I pulled into her driveway. "Crazy night last night, huh?" I said.

Melanie looked at the ground sheepishly. "Craaaaaazy night."

"You hungover at all?"

"It hasn't been a fun day."

We chatted a bit longer, and Melanie wound up mentioning why she'd given me such an odd greeting the night before. Apparently I looked kind of like her ex, and she wasn't sure if she liked that or not.

Of course, I also found myself sizing up Melanie's looks. She looked about the same in the light as she had in the dark, although I prefered her naked.

We mostly talked about how embarrassed we were with our drunken actions, with both of us tip-toeing around how we'd touched each other in intimate places.

Melanie ended the conversation by saying, "Well it was crazy, but I had fun."

"Me too," I said before riding on my way.

All that day I couldn't decide if I wanted to fuck Melanie or not. When I got home I talked with Toby about it. "What do you think about Melanie?"

Toby only ever looked contemplative when we were reducing women to their looks. "I mean, I dunno, I guess she's mountain cute, right?"

Not exactly a ringing endorsement. Living on the mountain girls were hard to come by, so we had to grade them on a curve. Mountain cute essentially meant a "no" in the city, but a "why the hell not" in the mountains.

I shrugged. "Yeah, I'd say so."

Toby grinned. "So you gonna tap that, or what?"

"I don't know. I'm not sure if I'm really that into it."

"She ain't bad, and it's not like I'm going to judge you."

"But it's not like you're going after it."

Toby looked off in the distance. "I got someone else I'm working on. You scared cuz she's black or something?"

"Nah, I'd say it's more her weight."

"Shit, she's the good kinda thick. You never fucked a black chick, huh?"

"I mean, I fooled around..."

Toby interrupted, "That's not why I asked."

"Then no, not technically."

"Well, the time is ripe," he said on his way out the door.

A week passed, and Melanie was ceasing to cross my mind. If anything, more of my thoughts were going towards Lucera, another one of the girls that had gone skinny-dipping with us. Like Melanie she had a huge ass, and also being in her early twenties, aging and cellulite had yet to take their toll. Like most Latina girls, she was very shapely in general, and exuded a unique sensuality. She had these big Disney eyes that conveyed innocence, but you wanted to see gazing up at you while she swallowed your cock.

And Lucera was a fun girl. She liked to drink, dance, and jump in the river on a hot day after work. For a summer fling, you couldn't ask for much more than that. But the one thing Lucera lacked was a brain. She simply wasn't very bright, and her thick Mexican accent didn't exactly help matters. "She's fuckable, but there's something about that tortilla-flipper accent that just kills me," Toby had once commented.

My pursuit of Lucera had been pretty half-assed, and the most action I'd gotten was when we both fell asleep on each others' shoulders after a few too many drinks at a bonfire. It was pleasant enough.

On the mountain bonfires were basically our only form of entertainment at night. Phones didn't work, so if you wanted to hang out with people, you walked around until you saw fire. It was nice and primitive. 

One night when I couldn't find a fire, I dropped by Eli's place. He was kind of the sage of the mountains. He told me there were no fires because everyone was down the hill seeing some band called the Budget Taxi Dispatch. No one had bothered to invite me, which would've been nice because it had been a month since I'd been to town.

I was left with nothing to do but wander aimlessly, which I did until I heard laughter. I traced the noise to Melanie and Lucera's cabin. They were roomies and newfound best friends. I'd heard them so clearly because their door was open. Not feeling a knock was necessary, I barged on in. "The fucking Budget Taxi Dispatch," I said to Melanie as soon as we locked eyes.

"The fucking Budget Taxi Dispatch," she replied, holding a bottle of wine in her hand.

I was holding a can of lukewarm Olympia, so it was nice to know we were on the same page. Melanie beckoned me towards the kitchen, and we got around to taking some shots with Lucera "I didn't even get a fucking invite," I said with a combination of amusement and bitterness.

"Us either," Melanie said. "Fuck 'em."

"Fuck 'em," I repeated, raising my glass for a cheers. "Here's to making sure we have more fun tonight than all of them."

We took our drinks, then Melanie continued. "We getting wild tonight!"

Naturally a shot followed, and then another, since this is the kind of thing you do when your friends don't invite you somewhere. The tune of the conversation didn't change tune much from discussing just how wild the night was going to be. "What if we did something truly wild," Melanie began. "Like have a threesome?"

Lucera laughed nervously, and I turned bright red. Neither of us could really tell if she was joking or not. There was no response, so Melanie continued, "I'm not saying we actually should or anything, but it would be pretty wild. I've never done it before. Have y'all?"

We both looked at the ground and shook our heads no, like we were ashamed or something. "Would you have one if the opportunity came up?" Melanie asked.

"I don't know," Lucera said, heavily drawing out the long 'o' sounds. "I don't think I'd like it."

"It might be kind of awkward," I commented. "But I'd still like to have one if the circumstances were right. I'd have to feel comfortable, y'know?"

Melanie smiled. "Do you feel comfortable with us?"

I must've been glowing bright red. "Yeah, I mean you're both fun to hang out with. And it doesn't hurt that you're both cute."

"Cute?"

"Fine, hot."

Melanie put her hand on my arm. "I'm comfortable with everyone here too," she said. "And we're definitely pretty fucking hot."

Everyone avoided eye-contact, and no one spoke for an excruciating thirty seconds, right until Melanie started laughing to hide her embarrassment. "Whoa, things got super awkward. We need to take another shot and loosen up a bit."

The shot worked, and we loosened up, which led to a game of Spin the Bottle. I'd mentioned that some of us had played it on the mountain the summer before with wild results. Melanie was all about it, and Lucera appeared to be neither excited or apprehensive. In some ways I think she was only capable of like four different emotions, the most common of which was spaced-out.

For my two cents, the numbers were really on my side for the game. The wild time I'd played the summer before was mostly wild for the sheer amount of dudes that were forced to kiss each other. I stayed clean-shaven for about six months after experiencing what it felt like to kiss a man with a beard.

Kissing Melanie and Lucera was much more pleasant. My kisses with Lucera were mostly little pecks, but there was one or two times when we threw some tongue in there. With Melanie the action was much heavier and more playful, with her gently biting my lip and tongue. When the girls kissed each other, there were lots of butterfly kisses with bouts of laughter in between. 

We only played for about five minutes before realizing what an exhausting game it is to play with three people. Per Melanie's suggestion, we ended the game properly by doing a triple kiss, where all three of our tongues met at the same time. Seizing an opportunity, I locked lips with Lucera. Melanie started kissing and biting my neck, but Lucera pulled away.

Immediately Melanie's mouth met mine and our tongues began to dance. We kissed for about thirty seconds, and when we stopped, she grabbed my hand and pulled it towards her mouth. She sucked my fingers, and for the first time that night my cock grew hard. "That was intense," I commented when it was all over.

"We're getting wiiiild!" Melanie exclaimed, right before doing a sexy little shimmy.

"I think I need a break," Lucera said.

A minute later she was holding a joint, and the break began. Somebody, maybe even me for all I know, mentioned the old wives' tail about how you get higher when someone blows smoke in your ear. Everyone agreed this was true. 

Lucera took a long drag and held it deep. Melanie did the same. They leaned their heads in towards me until we were all practically forehead to forehead. Smoke came billowing out, tickling my neck and ears. Melanie explored my ear with her tongue while simultaneously exhaling smoke. When the it was all out, she started to nibble a little bit. "It definitely gets you higher," was all I could think to say.

Next up Lucera tried blowing smoke directly into Melanie's mouth. Melanie nearly gagged. "That wasn't as sexy as I thought it'd be," she commented.

When the joint was finished, we all agreed to play truth or dare, which was a natural progression from spin the bottle. Lucera kept choosing truth, and yet never revealed anything interesting about herself. Melanie always chose dare, but Lucera never dared her to do anything crazy. Intermittently clothes came off, until we were all in our underwear. Lucera was wearing a skimpy white thong, and a bra that was a size too small. Melanie was in white cotton panties and a sports bra that weren't the sexiest things in the world, but nonetheless looked good on her dark brown skin.

There was some kissing, gentle petting, and things of that nature, but it took awhile for the action to heat up. Of course, it was Melanie that got things going. She picked me, and I picked truth. "I dare you to lick Lucera's nipple," she said.

"Is that okay, Lucera?" I asked.

She nodded her head and pulled her boob out over the cup. I began by licking the outside of her boob, narrowing my way towards the nipple. I licked around it in small circles, and flicked it back and forth. Lucera was sensitive to the touch, and moaned very lightly. "I liked that dare," I said when it was over.

I chose Melanie next, and since Lucera's boob was already out, I told Melanie to suck it. Melanie carefully brought Lucera's boob to her mouth, and showed it tender love. I got aroused, and since I was stripped down to my tight boxer-briefs, there was no way of hiding it. Lucera had caught a glimpse, and it was her turn to choose the next person. "Tommy," she began, "Truth or dare?"

"Dare."

"I dare you to get naked."

"Do you want to help me?"

Lucera shook her head no, but Melanie jumped at the opportunity. She knelt at my knees and told me to stand up. Her hands then shot up to the waist band. She slowly rolled my briefs down, allowing my hard dick to pop out. Melanie laughed. "Okay, now that was a good dare. Who's up next?"

"How drunk are you?" I asked. "You're up."

This time she chose Lucera, and in an out-of-character move Lucera chose "dare". "I day you to kiss Tommy's cock," she said.

Lucera let out a nervous laugh. "I'm not doing that."

I sat there with a shit-eating grin on my face, very curious to see how things would turn out. "Come on," Melanie argued. "Just a quick peck, or even a little lick."

"No, I don't think so. I double dare you to do it yourself."

"That's not how this works."

I jumped in. "Ladies, ladies. It's okay you don't have to do it."

Melanie looked at me like I was crazy. "Are you saying you don't want either of us to suck your dick?"

"Uhh..." I stammered.

"Let me change your mind," Melanie countered.

She got up out of her chair and took a few steps towards me. Without hesitation she bent over and put her lips on the tip of my cock. She gave it a tender kiss, and then another. I had never had it done so erotically before. Once the entire head of cock was wet from the saliva of Melanie's sweet kisses, she took the head into her mouth. She sucked it like a lollipop, making sure to use plenty of tongue for playful licks too. She only kissed and sucked me for around ten seconds, but it felt like an eternity.

My turn was next, and Melanie and I knew both knew what was coming. "Dare," Melanie said after I asked her.

"I dare you to blow me," I said.

It was very empowering. I'd never been very bold with women, but the format of playing truth or dare under such strange circumstances had given me a free pass to be very aggressive. Melanie also made no bones of what she wanted. "I was hoping you'd say that."

She grabbed the cushion off her chair, and placed it at my feet. And although she didn't have to, she took off her top. She placed her hands on my knees and carefully slid into place. I loved seeing her eye level with my dick, watching as she licked her lips, lips that would soon be sucking me deeply. She was on her knees for me. For my pleasure. She wanted to put my dick in her mouth without asking anything in return.

Her blowjob began with her kissing and licking my balls. I suddenly felt self-conscience since mountain life didn't lend itself to personal grooming in the nether regions. But Melanie didn't complain as she popped my balls in and out of her mouth. As she played with them she grabbed the my mushroom tip, and pressed it against my stomach. She took her mouth off my balls, and licked my shaft all over. Then suddenly my penis was inside her warm mouth. 

While Melanie bobbed up and down, I made eye-contact with Lucera. She was watching Melanie suck my dick, but there was no expression on her face. I really wanted her to join in, but I was too bashful to ask.

Lucky for me Melanie had the same thought, but unlike me she had no qualms about mentioning it. "Do you want a turn?" she asked Lucera.

Lucera clearly wasn't into it. "I don't want to get down on the kitchen floor."

"It is kind of gross. We should move things to the bedroom."

I didn't care where we wound up, so long as my dick wound up back in Melanie's mouth. The problem was that the employee cabins on the mountain were not exactly designed for group sex. Most of the cabins were equipped with twin beds, and the spot we were in was no exception. 

Stripping completely naked, both girls tried to join me on Melanie's bed. We squirmed around and crawled over each other, hopelessly searching for the best position. Melanie was trying to get her head near my dick, and Lucera pulled a crazy move where her big ass wound up right in front of my face. I playfully slapped it, but what I really wanted was to bury my head in it. 

Melanie attempted to suck me while Lucera massaged my back, but it was just too cramped on the bed. Shockingly it was Lucera that came up with a solution. "Let's just move the two beds together," she suggested.

Following this advice we pushed the beds together, and stuffed blankets in the space in between. It took a lot of effort, and was only minimally more comfortable than the old setup, but if it allowed for both girls to blow me at the same time, I was into it.

Unfortunately I didn't receive the double blowjob I was hoping for. Instead the girls lay on both sides of me. I faced towards Melanie and we kissed while she stroked my cock. From behind Lucera ran her hands all over my body. One hand found its way under my ass and between my legs, landing squarely on my balls. She squeezed them lightly as Melanie continued milking my dick. 

We kept this up for awhile until Melanie asked that we switch places. She wanted to kiss Lucera, and start exploring her body more intimately. I certainly enjoyed exploring Melanie's body, planting kisses down her spine, and all over her ass. I even nibbled on her butt cheeks a little, causing her to giggle.
