 I'll advise readers to read the 1st part before reading this chapter. Although the characters do not play the game in this chapter I have used the same title as it is the continuation of the story. As always ratings and feedbacks appreciated. 



I woke up naked in my bed to the familiar sound of seagulls from the harbour. 

Rubbing my eyes, I turned my head to kiss Sophie good morning. Instead I was surprised to see Camila on my left side still asleep.

The confusion in my mind cleared up quickly as I remembered everything that happened last night. I smiled to myself as I realised I actually took the ass virginity of this cute Spanish girl the night before.

I subconsciously rubbed my morning hard on as I quietly turned to the other side of the bed in order to hop off. 

My movement was blocked by Sophie who's also asleep on the right side of me. 

I can't believe I went to bed with both of those beauties on either side of me. I grinned to myself as I looked at Sophie fast asleep with just her panties on. 

Feeling suddenly horny and genuinely ruing the chance of not getting the chance to fuck her tight pussy or asshole last night, I silently moved closer to her pussy and slowly pulled her panties down.

She complained sleepily as I pulled her panties completely off her and gently pried her legs open. 

Spitting some saliva on my fully erect cock I got in-between her legs and gently slid the whole length into her pussy. Her pussy was quite dry so I kept my movements to a minimum as I enjoyed the sensation of being fully buried inside her tight love hole again. 

Sophie sleepily opened her eyes and her face broke into a grin as soon as she saw me on top of her.

"Now what a lovely way to wake up on a Saturday morning," she whispered as her hands found my ass encouraging me to move inside her. 

"Well, just wanted to thank you for everything that happened last night," I whispered back as I started to pick up my pace. 

"Well, I had fun too and I'm glad you chose to fuck me in the morning and not her."

Was there a hint of jealousy? I wasn't too sure so I did the first thing that came to my mind and that was to kiss her passionately. 

"No one can come in between us and although I like Camila very much, you are the one I love and want to be with," I assured her between kisses. 

"See, I told you he genuinely liked you and you weren't just a random fuck," said Sophie towards a now wide awake Camila. 

I shrugged my shoulders and grinned at Camila sheepishly as I continued fucking my girlfriend. 

"Oh you guys are so cute together. I can get used to waking up to this scene every morning," muttered Camila with a big smile as her eyes ran over both of our naked bodies in a state of arousal. 

Being watched as I fucked my girlfriend was such a turn on, I decided to give Camilla a show. I pulled Sophie's legs up to her neck and started to piston inside her. Not only did this give me deeper access to Sophie's love hole but Camila could easily see my cock moving in and out of Sophie's pussy. 

"Watch her as you fuck me," demanded Sophie as we both noticed Camila's hand buried deep inside her panties. 

"Pull your panties down. I want to watch you play with yourself," I plead with Camila. She gave me a sexy smile and pulled her thong down. 

Without breaking eye contact she slipped two fingers inside her pussy as I held on to Sophie's legs and fucked her mercilessly. 

"Agh! I am cumming! Hold me tight hon," screamed Sophie as I felt her pussy muscles starting to grip harder around my cock. 

Knowing Sophie well, I knew what would set her off nicely. I tightened my grip on her legs as I pulled my cock almost completely out of her pussy and pushed the whole cock back inside her in one motion. I did this while she had her first orgasm. The second time I did that set her off again as she tilted her head and screamed as her whole body shook as she peaked. 

"Bloody hell, whatever you did to her I need that now," exclaimed Camila as she looked at Sophie in awe. 

"Sorry hon, duty calls," I kissed Sophie, who looked absolutely shattered, as I pulled out of her and moved towards Camila. 

"He can fuck for hours when he hasn't taken a piss in the morning," warned Sophie as she closed her eyes and drifted back to sleep. 

"Good morning," I whispered to Camila as I lined my cock that was slick with Sophie's cum at the entrance of Camila's twat.

"Shut up and push it in," grinned Camila, spreading her legs obscenely as I unceremoniously pushed my whole cock insider her pussy. 

The sensation was so much different to Sophie as Camila's pussy was a lot tighter. 

"Don't move for now, let me get used to that thing first," muttered Camila as she moved her hips beneath me as she got used to my cock again. 

I patiently waited as she gently moved and fucked herself on my cock until Camila finally nodded as if to give me the go ahead. 

I smiled at her as I started to pick up my pace and started pushing in and out of her tight hole. 

"Hmm I really could get used to this in the morning," Camilla sighed as she held on to my muscular frame as I continued my drilling. 

She was so tight I was tempted to ignore her requests and just start ramming my meat into her tight hole, but the gentleman in me wanted her to enjoy the sensation too so I held back and slowly made love to her. 

Her high whimpers convinced me she was on the edge of her first orgasm so I tried the same trick I did with Sophie as I pulled back until just the crown was imbedded in her pussy and then slowly pushed my whole cock back inside her hole. 

"Urgh! Do that again, I'm so close," screamed Camila.

Although she comes across as a shy type, I realised Camila was a vocal lover as compared to Sophie.

She gripped my ass like a vice with her hands and screamed as her orgasm hit her. 

I continued to move until she became too sensitive and pushed me away from her. 

"I can't believe you've fucked both of us and still haven't cum. You really are a freak!" exclaimed Camila as she covered her well fucked pussy with her hands preventing me from entering her again. 

"I just can't cum with a morning hard on until I urinate," I pointed out as I hopped off and went towards the loo. 

On the way to the bathroom, I stuck my head in to the reception room to find Pete fast asleep on the sofa. 

Poor bloke must have been really annoyed. I got the bed and he got stuck on the sofa, I grinned to myself as I left him alone.

Not wanting to pee all over the toilet with a hard on I hopped into the bath and switched the cold water on. That did the desired trick as my cock shrunk in record speed and finally I was able to relieve myself. 

Just as I finished Sophie came in and plopped her ass on the toilet and relieved herself. 

"Oh poor baby still hasn't cum," she cooed as she got hold of my limp cock and took it into her mouth. 

It was so erotic to watch my girlfriend suck me as she relieved herself. The taboo action was so hot I was hard again in no time. 

"Go and fuck Camila for a bit until I give myself a wash and I'll join you," she commented as she flushed the toilet and hopped into the bath. 

Stroking my erect cock, I walked back in to the bedroom to find Camilla on her stomach fast asleep. I noticed she hadn't bothered putting her thong on and her naked tanned ass was just too tempting to leave it alone. 

I quietly creeped up to the bed and placed a couple of kisses on her sweet ass cheeks. 

I pried open her ass cheeks gently and admired her puckering hole again. It was slightly red and swollen as compared to the first time I laid eyes on it. I realised she must feel the effects of the ass fuck I gave her last night.

I stuck my tongue out and gently flicked her asshole and licked around her back door. 

"Hmmm.." I heard her murmur as I spread her cheeks wider and properly licked her bunghole again. 

It tasted sweaty and the smell was a lot stronger than last time, which just made it more desirable as I ate her ass out. 

I dipped my tongue into her pussy periodically as I attacked her asshole with my tongue and lips. 

"Hmm, lick as much as you want but don't do anything else. My ass is so sore from last night," she muttered now wide awake. 

Although slightly disappointed that I couldn't fuck it again, I gave her bunghole one final lick before I lifted myself up and placed my cock at the entrance of her pussy. 

"I love watching your ass jiggle when I push my cock in," I told her as I buried my cock back into her tight pussy. 

I admired her tanned ass as I picked my pace up and started fucking Camila again. 

I noticed her fingers were back at her clit as I fucked her from behind. Realising finally my orgasm was building, I pulled her on to her fours and entered her from behind. 

I held on to her hips as I started ramming my cock inside her pussy. 

"Hold my hair and fuck me harder now," she demanded as she lifted her head up.

I obliged as I got hold of her thick brunette hair and fucked her mercilessly. 

From the corner of my eye, I noticed Sophie at the doorway enjoying the show, so I turned around and blew her a kiss before concentrating on coming inside Camila.

"I am going to flood your pussy with my cum," I screamed as I pulled back and pushed my cock back in her love hole as I reached the point of no return. 

Camila whimpered as she felt her pussy walls being coated by my cum. 

"You guys are going to kill me," she muttered as she plopped back on the bed on her stomach with her legs spread obscenely.

"Won't it be a lovely way to go," I teased her as I leaned down and gave her ass a final kiss before I hopped off the bed and walked towards my girlfriend. 

"She'll make a lovely play-toy but don't forget this belongs to me," Sophie said in a serious tone as she grabbed my shrinking cock and pulled me towards her.

"I won't have it any other way," I assured her as I grabbed hold of her and kissed her passionately. 

We were so busy exploring each other's mouth we did not realise Pete was finally up.

"Mate, the whole house smells like a whore house. Didn't you guys sleep at all?" he complained in envy as he stumbled passed us to the bathroom.

"Snoozers losers," I grinned at him as I picked Sophie up and took her to the sofa. 

"What has got into you? You've been fucking all night and morning and I can't believe you are still horny," she grinned as she grabbed my cock that was fast becoming erect again. 

"I guess all this has been a fantasy of mine for so long and now that's finally accomplished my cock is working over time," I told her truthfully as I brought her nipple to my mouth.

"Umm, you do know my body well," she moaned as I took turns sucking her breasts. 

Satisfied she was turned on fully I stood up and brought my fully erect cock near her face. 

"Wonder what you want me to do with this," she teased me as she stuck her tongue out and tasted her best friend's pussy juice on my cock. 

"This might sound strange but I actually have started liking the taste of Camila's pussy on your cock," she grinned at me wickedly as she placed her lips over my cock. 

"May be I'll have to taste it from the source next time," she said looking at my facial expressions. 

"Oh shit that would be so hot," I exclaimed as I closed my eyes and pictured Sophie between Camila's legs. 

"Ooh, he almost grew an inch more in my mouth, you really must like that idea," she mercilessly teased me as I growled at her. 

"Enough of this, turn around and kneel down, I need to have you," I demanded as I pulled away from her and waited for her to take the position on the sofa. 

"My pussy is way too sore babe, but tell you what why don't you fuck my ass the way you fucked Camila last night," she turned around and shook her ass wickedly. 

I literally ran to the kitchen to grab the oil as she burst out laughing at the look on my face. 

I came back to the sofa to find Sophie hopped on top of the sofa, leaning on her knees with her hands on the sofa, head looking at me sexily. 

"Oh boy, I've died and gone to heaven," I exclaimed as I dropped to my knees and spread her ass cheeks.

"I've missed you so much," I whispered as her winking asshole looked back at me. 

I stuck my tongue out and licked her all the way down from her pussy lips to her asshole. I did this a few times before stiffening my tongue and fucking her asshole like a mini cock.

"Mmmm I'm ready Dan. Take my ass now," she moaned sexily as I pulled myself up and poured some oil on to her ass crack.

I used my thumbs to pry her asshole open as I poured more oil directly on to her back door. 

I realised Sophie's hands were already on her clit as I lathered my cock with more oil. 

Satisfied my cock was well lubricated, I placed it at the entrance of her tight brown hole. 

Sophie grunted and groaned as my cock head pushed passed her sphincter. As soon as the mushroom head got in she took the rest of the cock like a champ. 

"Ah this feels amazing," I whispered as my balls rested on her pussy as I buried my cock completely inside her tight asshole. I stayed still enjoying the tightness and the warmth that my cock was feeling through Sophie's tight backdoor. 

"I'm ready. Make love to my ass Dan," she smiled at me sexily and started moving her hips matching my thrusts.

I held on to her shoulders as I started fucking her asshole roughly. 

"You know what I would love now," I asked her as I sodomized her. 

"What's that?"

"Imagine this same scenario but with Camila under us licking your tight pussy and Pete's cock in your mouth," 

I waited tensely to see how she might react to my new fantasy. 

Her moan told me she was thinking about it so I kept quiet and increased the pace of my poking. 

"You know you are turning me in to such a slut," she whispered after a while as she continued fiddling her clit as I rammed my cock inside her asshole. 

"I'm not turning you hon. You were born a slut, I'm just showing that to you," I teased her as I felt the familiar tinkling feeling in my balls again. 

"I'm going to coat your asshole with my cum," I informed her as I felt my cum building from my balls. 

"Urgh! I can feel your cock head expand inside my ass," she screamed as my orgasm triggered her own release. 

I pulled her back all the way to a point where her ass was touching her ankles as I buried my cock for one final time inside her asshole and emptied my balls inside her. 

I tilted her head to the side and kissed her hard as we both struggled to come down from our peak. 

Finally our breathing patterns steadied and my cock plopped out of Sophie's asshole. 

"This place does sound like a whorehouse," I said as we both broke out laughing as we heard the moaning and the grunts of our friends as they fucked in my bed. 

"You think they'll ready for another round of truth or dare after breakfast?" asked Sophie mischievously as she rubbed her well fucked ass on to my drooping cock. 

"They better be. Can't wait to explore more of your dirty mind," I told her fondly as I reached for her luscious lips for another kiss.