 It was the weekend after our third desert trip with Ned and we were preparing for our first threesome with him. Billie put her arms around me and softly murmured; "It's been awhile since we've done anything like this and I'm almost as nervous as I was when I went to my best friend's house to fuck her husband."

I pulled her to me and asked, "Why are you nervous? Ned's seen you naked, y'all made out, he played with your tits, finger-fucked you and you've sucked him off...twice! Besides, I thought you said you had enjoyed fucking your friend's husband."

Laughing, she said, "I know, I've done just about everything with Ned but fuck him, but...it's been a while since I've had sex with two guys at once." 

Whispering, she told me, "And...I did enjoy fucking Nina's husband, it was so naughty!" 

She softly giggled, "Honey, while I was driving over to Nina's, my stomach was doing flips! It was the night after we'd opened our marriage; and I was on my way to my best friend's house, to fuck her husband, at her request, and with your approval!"

"Were you still nervous on Tuesday and Wednesday when you did those two guys?"

She blushed, squirmed and whispered, "Yeah, I was. But...I thought, since I'd already fucked them at the beach house party, and we'd opened our marriage, why not?"

Baiting her a little, I asked, "And were you still nervous Thursday when you did the next guy?"

Billie laughed, "Guys, I did two of them that day. But, yeah I was still nervous, even though I'd talked to you on the phone the night before and you were so reassuring...and," she shrugged, "I'd fucked them at the beach house party, too." 

Laughing, she added, "Jeez, it's hard to believe it now, but I had sex with a different guy every day of that week except Thursday; and on Thursday I did those two guys, one in the morning and one in the afternoon." 

She paused and laughing again, said, "And counting you, I had sex with two different guys on Friday of that week, too."

I burst out laughing, "Sweetheart, it wasn't just the first week you fucked someone everyday...you carried on like that for a couple of months." 

She thought for a moment, laughed again and whispered, "Yeah...you're right. If I wasn't having my period, or if you weren't home...hell, there were days I'd do three different guys in one day..." She giggled and in a soft voice, "And sometimes more."

"You became a promiscuous little thing didn't you?"

"Yeah, yeah, I did, didn't I?" She thought a second and added, "I still am."

I tweaked her nose saying, "Yeah, you are. Enjoyed it though, didn't you?"

Leaning her head against my chest she laughingly said, "Yeah, I did, and honey, I still do, it's...such a wicked thrill to fuck different guys."

Ned arrived on time. Billie met him wearing a sheer white halter-top and a pair of dark green terrycloth, running shorts. She gave him a warm hug, pressing herself against him and a passionate kiss. He was dressed in khakis, a blue shirt, sandals and a grin.

We ate a light brunch while sitting on the sofa. We had put on a humorous, soft porn VHS movie to fill the time as we ate. Billie sat between us with Ned on her left; her bare feet were up on the coffee table. 

She had a demure smile on her face; her nipples were hard, pushing against the thin fabric of her top. After we ate, the movie was all but forgotten as I put my left arm around her and she snuggled to me with a little moan. 

I tilted her head back and gave her a passionate kiss. When we broke our kiss Ned took her chin, gently turned her head and he, too, gave her passionate kiss. As he kissed her I reached over and started caressing her left breast. 

Ned continued kissing her and caressed her right breast. When we started playing with her nipples her breath quickened. Breaking the kiss, Ned and I looked at each other and with a slight nod we removed her halter-top.

Wearing just her shorts Billie arched her back as we kissed her breasts, caressed her flat belly and stroked her face. She was making soft mewling noises of pleasure. I turned her head for another kiss and saw Ned had his hand inside her shorts. He had her pussy cupped, which he knew, from our desert outings Billie loves. He was gently working his fingers.

Billie was sighing; moaning and her hips were undulating under his manipulations. I nuzzled her neck and ears; she turned her head and whispered, "He's finger-fucking me... and he's... he's got two fingers in me... it... it feels so good!" 

She raised her hips wanting us to remove her shorts; we slipped them off. Naked, she spread her legs giving herself to us. Ned slipped down on the floor between them and nuzzled his face in her pussy. Her hips were slowly rocking as he used his tongue and fingers on her. She reached over and pulled me to her.

I kissed her again and held her warm nakedness to me. She murmured, "Oh fuck, he's good... he's finger-fucking me... and... and using his lips and tongue on my clit... oh fuck!" 

She gasped, shivered and trembled as she rode the wave of a small orgasm. I smiled down at her as she gave me a soft post-orgasmic smile. The soft light in the living room made her appear to glow, she was beautiful. 

After a few minutes she whispered, "Let's take this to the bedroom". 

Taking our hands, she led us to the bedroom. Getting up on the bed, she knelt down to watch us undress; she reminded me of a young princess waiting to be pleasured by her two cavaliers. Once we were naked she held her arms out to Ned. He climbed up on the bed; they embraced and kissed. He stretched out on his back and pulled her to him. 

Straddling him, Billie reached for his cock. She guided it to her opening and working her hips, slowly took him in. I stood at the end of the bed and watched as he penetrated my wife. It was an erotic sight watching her small perfect bottom work as she started fucking him.

Looking back at me she murmured, "Ooo...maybe we should have done this out in the desert, after all." 

Ned's movements were deliberate; the way Billie liked it. I moved up by their heads; she had tucked hers into his neck with her arms around his shoulders. He had both of his hands on her hips guiding her. Their movements were fluid and sinuous. 

She turned her head and saw me watching; her lower lip was between her teeth; she gave me a dreamy smile and whispered, "This is so fucking hot... I love fucking two men." Reaching over she took hold of my cock and guided it to her mouth.

As she fucked Ned and sucked my cock I whispered to her, "Maybe one weekend we could do this out in the desert under the sun and the stars."

Removing my cock, she murmured, "Oh, yes...my two desert men could fuck me whenever and wherever they wanted, the whole weekend...It would be so naughty fucking the two of you out there..." she took me back into her mouth.

Ned listening to all this, groaned, stiffened and came hard. Billie sucked me harder while riding out his orgasm. Her butt was squirming as she attempted to wring every bit of cum out of him. I could imagine what her internal muscles were doing to him.

Dropping my cock out of her mouth she gave me a soft smile and rolled off Ned. Looking at my hard cock she whispered, "Oh goody, another hard cocky, just for me." 

She spread her legs and held out her arms. There was a trickle of Ned cream dripping out of her dilated hole. I eased between her legs and slid in for sloppy seconds. I slipped my arms under her shoulders and cradled her head in my hands. 

Billie wrapped both of her arms around me and held me tight. Her pussy was hot, buttery, messy but still tight, even after Ned. She was using her internal muscles clenching and releasing me. Ned had primed her and as I made love to her, her orgasm started building. 

I could feel a warming sensation radiating out from her pelvis and up through her abdomen; her head started small circular nods. With her face buried in the curve of my neck she erupted.

Her orgasm triggered mine. The two of us wiggled, ground and squirmed. There were little trembling waves running through her. Afterward, we held each other until our breathing and heartbeats became synchronized.

Billie nuzzled my ear and in an almost inaudible whisper, told me, "I fucked Ned, but I made love to you."

Movement caught our attention. Ned was kneeling next to us with a grin; his cock was at half-mast. Billie reached over and started stroking it; she pulled him to her mouth and worked him with her lips and tongue, but it wouldn't get any harder. 

Ned sadly murmured, "I'm afraid, at my age, I'm only good for one shot..."

Billie stretched and I held her tight, we rolled over putting her on top. We snuggled and talked with Ned about another threesome. After a few minutes, my cock slipped out of her and she shifted over until her legs were straddling my left thigh. Her breasts were soft and warm against my chest; her head was resting just below my chin 

Ned eventually had to leave. When he got up to get dressed Billie got up and left a gooey mess smeared on my thigh. It was good for a laugh and was a fun way to end a great afternoon.

Walking him to the door Billie gave him another deep kiss. After he left, I asked, "Did you truly enjoy it?"

She grinned and said, "Yeah, I did. I love threesomes and I'm looking forward to the next one..." I led her back to the bedroom for sloppy thirds.

When we got back in bed, I mounted her sliding my cock into her messy and squishy pussy. I asked, "How does it feel to have another hard cock... your third hard cock of the day entering you?" 

She held me tight wiggling her ass and with a small giggle said, "Oooo! Three hard cocks in one day! Been there and done that and hope to do it again. Just thinking about it brings back some really wicked and fond memories..." 

"You do, want to do it again?"

With an evil little glint in her eyes, she smiled and murmured, "What? Fuck three different cocks in one day? Or have another threesome with Ned...?"

Kissing her on the nose, I said, "Whatever your heart desires, sweetheart." We continued making slow, soft, tender love, while whispering sweet endearments to each other.

The next weekend, Ned called and invited us to a Saturday matinee at a local multiplex theater. It sounded like a decent movie so we agreed to go. There was also an innuendo in his invitation suggesting he was up for another threesome. 

We had just enough time to take a much-needed shower since we had made love Friday night and Saturday morning. Billie also decided to change the sheets on the bed. We were both looking forward to another threesome and we dressed accordingly.

Billie walked into the living room with a near perfect carriage, head up, and shoulders back and back straight. Her long brown hair was pulled into a ponytail. She doesn't wear makeup so she had the fresh scrubbed look of a much younger woman. 

She had chosen a beige tie front top, which enhanced her tan; it was made of a gauzy material allowing her nipples to be visible in the bright mid-morning sunlight. It was tied just below her breasts exposing her flat and well-defined midriff.

The shorts she was wearing were blue denim hip-huggers; the waistband rode just above her pubic mound. The legs were short enough to reveal a hint of the curve of her ass. Her legs were tanned and clean-shaven. My heart skipped a beat; she was striking.

Laughing, I told her, "It's a good thing we're living in a tolerant beach front community in southern California." 

She laughed with me saying, "I wish I could go naked. But, since I have to wear something, the least amount I have to wear, the better."

Ned arrived and we went out to meet him. He was driving a full sized, older American car with a bench front seat. Billie gave him a hug pressing her pubic mound into him and a kiss, which he eagerly returned while cupping her ass. He opened the passenger door for us. 

On the ride to the theatre, Billie kept shifting in the seat and laughing. Looking down I saw Ned attempting to work his right hand into the waistband of her shorts. With a little giggle, Billie opened the front of her shorts and pushed then down to allow him access.

He looked down at her exposed puss and smiled, stating, "Ah...no panties"

Laughing, I said, "Ned, we haven't even gone a block and you already have my wife's pants off!"

Billie yelped with laughter saying, "Oh for fucks sake...I've ridden around in the desert bare-ass naked with the two of you, made out with both of you, sucked your cocks, got finger-fucked and then we had a threesome. Yet you act like it's something extra hot when you take my shorts off and find out I'm not wearing panties!" 

Oh, how I love this woman! Still laughing, she turned her head, looked at me and teasingly winked. She slid her hand up the left leg of my Ocean Pacific shorts and squeezed the head of my cock. Since I was commando she was able to work most of it out and slowly stroke it while palming the head.

I leaned back, closed my eyes and gave in to the erotic feeling of my wife stroking my cock as we drove to the theatre. There was some rustling and bouncing from Billie as if she was attempting to get more comfortable. I knew Ned was playing with her pussy, which could have accounted for the rhythmic jouncing.

Curious, I rolled my head over toward her; half opened my eyes and saw her shorts were down around her ankles. The little imp was slumped down in the seat with her knees as wide as she could open them within the confines of the front seat. Her hips were slowly humping Ned's fingers.

As we pulled into the parking lot of the theatre, Ned had to remove his hand from her between her legs so he could park. Billie tugged my short leg back down over my cock, pulled her shorts up, softly muttering, "I was so fucking close..."

Being a gentleman, Ned, held the car door open and assisted Billie. As she slid across the seat her shorts pulled tightly up in her crotch giving him a enticing view of where his hand had just been.

Approaching the ticket booth I reached for my wallet but Ned said, "This is my treat." 

Billie told him, "No, we can pay for ours." 

I put my arm around her and whispered, "Let him pay, he's hoping to get some pussy."

My sweet wife smothered a giggle with her hand and whispered, "Oh, he's going to get some pussy." 

I looked at her with a mocked shocked expression and playfully asked, "Yours?"

Laughing, she lightly punched my shoulder and said, "Of course...silly." She turned and whispered, "Not only am I going to fuck him, I'm going to suck his cock."

Grinning, I asked, "Can I watch and get sloppy seconds?"

With a devilish smile, she simply said, "What you can do is fuck me silly while I suck his cock and then while he's fucking me, I'll suck yours." 

She then kissed me and whispered, "Honey, you have no idea how much I love you." 

Sometimes, when I'm holding her like this I find myself startled with the realization, this amazing creature, in my arms is my wife. And I ask myself, "What did I ever do to deserve the love of this woman?" I held her a little closer and kissed the top of her head.

Ned returned with the tickets, we entered the theatre and settled in the center. There were very few people there, and no one near us. Billie sat between us, with Ned on her left. After the lights went down she kicked off her sandals and folded her feet up under her. 

She was leaning against me with her head on my shoulder, I put my left arm over her shoulders and around neck letting my hand rest between her breasts. She relaxed, snuggled closer and took my hand in her right hand holding it closer to her.

Reaching over she took Ned's right hand in her left and interlaced her fingers, resting them on her right knee. In my mind's eye I could picture a trio of close friends enjoying a special intimacy.

As the movie played, Billie shifted around so her body was facing Ned. She continued leaning against me. I heard her whisper, "Oh, that feels nice..." I looked over and saw Ned had started a tickling caress high on the inside of her left thigh. 

Billie took my left hand and slipped it inside her top. Gently cupping her breast I tenderly fondled her and ever so carefully flicked my fingers over her nipple. She turned her head toward me and our eyes locked; I leaned down and kissed her. The kiss was sweet and lingering.

Breaking our kiss, she looked over at Ned, and her hands dropped out of sight in the dark. I felt her lift up a little and wiggle. Ned's shadowy form was turned toward her and it appeared he was reaching for something. After a second or two both of them settled back down. Billie sighed, placed her feet over the arm of the seat and in Ned's lap.

I half-suspected what they had done and during a flare of light from the movie I was able to verify my suspicion. Her shorts were down around her ankles and her knees were slightly bent outward, opening her legs. I did not, however, expect to find her top untied and hanging open. 

I stifled my laugh. My wife looked around at me, smiled and whispered, "I'm being real bad" I kissed her. 

Breaking our kiss, she whispered once again, "He's finger-fucking me... it feels so, so good..." I felt her shiver and she then kissed me again. After this kiss I did a slow scan of the theatre to ensure there was no one sitting near us.

Taking my wife's chin in my hand, I tilted her head back and we started making out like teenagers while Ned continued fingering her bared pussy. Her breathing was coming a little faster and with each breath I could feel her hardened nipples pressing against my hand. The movie was forgotten.

Between kisses, I nuzzled her neck, ears and the top of her head. I marveled at her scent; the combination of soap and shampoo, her natural scent of cinnamon and cloves, and the scent of her arousal. Her hips were slowly undulating under Ned's deliberate but delicate touch. 

Nuzzling her ear, I whispered as quietly as I could, "Do you know how hot this is? To be sitting with my wife, all but bare-ass naked, in a public theatre, while I make out with her and another man finger-fucks her?" The horny little imp shuddered and trembled as she came. 

Billie panted a soft, "Fuck..." I held her and kissed her. Ned had stopped his activities. I twisted more toward her and put both my arms around my wife rested and my chin on top of her head. We sat like this through what was left of the movie. 

Looking down at my wife, I was once again caught up in her loveliness. Her head was slightly bowed; her bare breasts were slowly rising and falling with each breath, her nipples hard and puffy from her orgasm. 

I could just make out her small dark pubic patch in the dim light. Both her feet were in Ned's lap. I repressed a chuckle as I saw her shorts were totally off; all she had on was her little gauzy top and it was hanging open. I took another look around to ensure no one was paying us any attention.

When the credits begin rolling, Billie sat there as if she was in a dream; I continued holding her. When the house lights came up Ned handed her, her shorts and she slipped them back on and retied her top. The three of us then left the theatre.

As Ned drove us home I kissed her. She was warm, soft and receptive. Breaking the kiss, and for some unexplainable reason, I had the desire to untie and open her top. She looked down as I did this with a small enigmatic smile on her face.

She sat up straighter, with her shoulders pulled back and her breasts pushed forward. She placed her right hand on my left thigh and her left hand on Ned's right thigh. I found her demeanor to be extremely sensual and erotic. Staring ahead with a smile on her face Billie rode like this back through town to our apartment. 

Arriving at our apartment, I got out of the car and held my left hand out to her. She took it, slid across the seat and gracefully eased out of the car. With her right hand in my left and her top still open we walked to our front door. 
