 I was very far inside Dana while she fucked Kara with a strap-on ... and once again, Carlos was balls deep within my ass. Yes, we were all doing anal, too. My dick was buried up Dana's nice, tight butt, her dildo inside Kara's thick Lebanese booty, too. Dana's grunts, groans, and moans ... and whimpers were matched by Kara's stream of profanity in Arabic, Aramaic, and fifty other languages, or so it felt. Certainly, Carlos cussed a blue streak in Spanish as well as English as he sodomized me, too.

"Oh, God, honey ... oh, fuck me ... we should have done this all along ... months ago!" Kara, now at the bottom of the heap, declared as she came from the great feeling of Dana's fake cock in her tush.

"You got that right," Dana gasped, as she came and I exploded in her sweet Irish ass.

"Hell, yeah!" I exclaimed as Carlos finished inside me ... shooting his load toward my prostate.

"Well, well ... such a fine dick ... God, I love that you finally took my ass the way that you should ... You own it, after all. It's yours. Always yours. Right, Kara? Your husband totally owns my ass. He always has, even if he never knew it until now," Dana blushed as she kissed both of us.

"My sentiments exactly. This ass is his, too. Saul so fucking owns it ... and I wish that I had made that plainer to him a long time ago. Then he would know that he could fuck a dozen gals and/or guys and come home to fuck me hard up this ass without a peep from me. I would never have objected or protested a single peep if he had done just that. He's my man, but I'm his woman even more. Right, sweetie?" Kara said with a deep soul kiss for each of us.

"That makes three of us. This ass ... this cock, too. Both are his. And this mouth. I've been waiting for too long to give up my chance to serve my guy, my stud ... my hot Jewish bear from Cleveland. Truth be told, it's even sexier that he's married and bi instead of single and gay. It makes him forbidden fruit in some ways and that makes him so much yummier. Told you that we're your harem, didn't we, papi?" Carlos told me with a searing kiss of his own, this one just for me.

"That you did, sweet cheeks, that you did. Waking up to a harem is certainly going to be a nice adjustment for me. I'm pretty sure that I'll be in a much better mood going into work and all that fresh from fucking one or more of my sluts. Of course, right now, it's time to plant my rod up your fine butt, isn't it? Bend over, bum boy. It's sodomy time!" I warned him, well aware that the blue pills still worked on me ... for now, at least.

The girls weren't idle, mind you. As soon as I got busy with the gay sex, they went down on each other in a sixty-nine that belonged in a porn flick ... and would have given any of those adult stars a run for their money. It was evident that Dana and Kara still liked to make sweet love to each other and that was perfectly fine with me, as long as I wasn't left out in the cold. For now, though, I was busy plowing the back field with my Latin stud. He wasn't joking about his eagerness to bottom as well as top. He really was versatile about that stuff. As always, his butt was hot and tight, nice and smooth, too. Granted, Dana and Kara both had sweet asses of their own, but that didn't negate the beauty of Carlos's hot twink booty.

It took quite a while before the ladies even came up for air, given their enthusiasm for each other's pussies, and even then it was largely to moan their climaxes (and make other sounds as they came). It wasn't long afterward that Kara bent over for Dana's tongue to slide along her butt-crack, too, rimming my wife with an intensity that only I (or Kara herself, if she was able to lick herself down there) could match. I always had a thing for Sapphic analingus for sure, so watching my girlfriend tongue my newlywed bride of just three months was something truly delicious for me to behold, even as I rammed my lifelong buddy ... and now boyfriend, Carlos, up his rump.

Not two minutes later and I exploded about the same time that Kara did, after which Carlos came as well, my cock having hit his prostate and now soaked it more than enough to do the job. He rose and I bent over for him again, having already decided that bottoming as well as topping with him was perfectly good for me. While we swapped places, so did Kara and Dana, my wife now feasting on her lady love's quite delectable bottom, making love to her ass with her tongue.

"I don't know of too many guys like you, masculine as you are, who are this comfortable in both roles. It just proves how right we are for each other, that we're both so versatile when it comes to giving and taking anally. You've really relaxed since we first became intimate last night ... I think that you get it now. We're all very much into you and have been from day one. And now, papi, I'm quite literally into you," Carlos chuckled as he butt-fucked me, his hard cock going further and further inside my asshole.

"So, I'm papi, eh? I like that," I laughed through the slight, dull pain of my new boyfriend invading my ass.

"Hey, guys, what's a little sodomy between friends, right?" Kara laughed as she licked our girlfriend Dana between her buns, dining eagerly on her bottom.

"Shut up and lick me, tongue slut!" Dana snickered as Kara did just that, rimming her with a vengeance now.

Since Carlos came already not that long ago, it took a good while for him to cum again, this time up my butt, yet when he did, he shot a decent amount of spunk at my prostate, given his previous release. By then, both ladies were very wet and in a heightened erotic state, so when I approached my good lady wife to sodomize her, she didn't hesitate to bend over for me, either. I certainly didn't wish to leave her out of the anal action there, having already rammed Carlos (twice!) and Dana ... and having been pronged by Carlos as well (also twice!) in one morning.

Whatever else one said about Kara, she was kinky as hell and never pretended to be anything else, yet even so, she could still shock me at times with just how much of a delightful freak she was in bed (or on the living room floor in this case). My gorgeous Lebanese wife also had an ass that should be considered another world wonder or something. It would certainly belong right up there with Kim Kardashian's booty in terms of nice, plump, and juicy bottoms ... curvy hips and buns that were made to be owned and fucked all day and night long. Well, I was well aware that I'd never get to sodomize Kim Kardashian, but I was more than pleased with my lot in life, getting to screw Kara's fine butt (and Dana's and Carlos's, but their asses weren't quite as big, though they were delicious enough in their own ways).

I held out longer this time, while Dana and Carlos watched us, fucking Kara's exquisite derriere, but when Carlos started cleaning up his own mess between my cheeks, and Dana got busy sucking on Kara's tits, neither of us could hold back, despite how many times we came before. We were all a little drained by then and ready for a break, but it was well worth it to cum inside the sweet, luscious ass that Kara had surrendered to me yet again. One thing that both Dana and Kara had in common was the silky softness of their assholes, of course, as well as the friction and heat that added to the intensity of sodomy with us. Dana later admitted at times that she wished for at least once to have an actual, flesh and blood, cock, just so she could the wonderful pleasures of being inside Kara, skin to skin. Anyway, it didn't take much longer before I pumped Kara full of my jizz and withdrew to retire to bed for a nice snuggle and nap there with my three lovers.

I still didn't honestly know if God was in His Heaven, but I knew that all was right with the world from my standpoint, getting to cuddle and drift back to sleep with my sweet companions: my wife, our girlfriend, and my best friend turned boyfriend. Everything was, at least for the moment, just as it should be. It was certainly a great New Year's Day so far ... what else could possibly top this ... finding love to the third power?