 I was so proud of myself, ordering a toy all on my own. And when it came in the mail I was so excited. You knew about it yes, but it was my toy. And oh what a beautiful toy it was, just holding it sent tingles through me. Night black color, a sleek tear drop design, and the base tapered down to a curved handle. It was bigger than my thumb, but still smaller than your dick. I had done a lot of research to find the perfect butt plug. 

And I was waiting for tonight, at your party, to try it out. It was just a handful of people gathering to celebrate the end of this term's finals, but I knew I would stay over and we would have some alone time too. I was nervous about wearing it to a public event, but you had said the idea sounded so sexy that now I couldn't back out of it. 

I started to tease myself, rubbing a hand between my legs, and when the first signs of wetness appeared I started to tease my ass. It was such a strange and intense feeling when I had something up that tight little hole. But I was so horny, so in the mood for some taboo ass play that it didn't take long for me to loosen up and soon I had a finger working circles. I picked up my toy and put a few drops of lube on the tip, watching it fall down the sides and I felt shivers go through me. After getting the butt plug all shiny with lube I pressed the tip to the hole and relished in the feeling of it pushing into me, stretching my hole as the toy flared out. I let out a satisfied sigh as it reached the tapered base, my ass gripping the spot where the curved handle was attached to the tear drop. I slipped on a pink lace thong to contrast the black and looked at my ass in the mirror, thinking you had no idea what was in store for you. 

The party was in full swing when I arrived with a few girlfriends, I left them to mingle on their own, glowing from our pre party shots, and found you in the living room. I was all too aware of the nice weight in my ass with every step that I took. You smiled and pulled me by the waist for a kiss and I tasted sweet beer on your lips. 

An hour or so of talking and drinking and dancing passed, all the while I was thinking of the thing in my ass, getting myself hot and bothered thinking of your reaction to it. So finally I leaned into you and whispered, "I'm trying out my new toy tonight, the plug." and gave you a coy smile. 

You grinned and asked "Right now?" I nodded. And without another word you lead me away. We walked past the room with the pool table and you were detained by some guy who was losing. I kept going to the porch, it was a nice night.

A moment later your arms are around me, kissing my neck and pulling my hips into your body so that I could feel the hard dick you had trapped inside your jeans. 

All I can do is giggle and I turn to face you, our kissing leads us to the wall and you pin me there. 

You pull back for a moment of breath, "What's it look like?" you ask. 

I grin and say, "See for yourself."

To my surprise, you turn me around right there on your front porch and fumble with my jeans button, then I feel a rush of cool night air on my ass and your hot breath. All you can say is "Wow". Then you touch it, lightly but it sends shockwaves through me and I shudder with a gasp. That's when you stand back up, molding your body against mine, pinning me against the wall. "You like that?" And again you push on the plug.

"Ohh," I moan. "I do like feeling so full." I admit, blushing some although you are already aware of my liking for ass play. 

"Oh well," you coo. "I can help you feel a bit fuller" and you move your hand to my pussy, only to find it already wet. You dip a finger in and I let out another moan. "Shhh," you say. "You have to be good, there's a party going on inside."

I nod unable to move. The feeling of your finger working in and out of me slowly but steadily, and the weight of the butt plug is so good. And we were being so risky, out on the front porch with everyone inside. The thought made me even wetter. 

I hear you unzip your jeans and pull mine down a bit further. That's when I start to turn around, "Here?" I sputter, "Right now?"

"Yes," you say rubbing your hard dick in between my butt cheeks, pushing once again on the plug. "Right here, right now." And then you slid right into my pussy and I let out a gasp from the full, intense feeling. You pumped in and out of me a few times, pushing all the way in the way you know I like, so that I could feel your balls press against my wet inner thighs and pussy. 

Then I felt a new sensation as you began to twist the butt plug and pump it in and out, a little bit at a time until you had me shaking, on the verge of orgasm. You could tell too, and thats when you pulled out the butt plug completely and stopped thrusting in and out of my pussy. I was shocked by the sudden stop and frustrated. But at the same time I was marveling at the stretched out feeling of my ass after having the butt plug in me for so long. 

I'm already sweating and now my body is wiggling against yours, wanting so much to be pushed over the edge. You begin kissing my face and neck and shoulder, one hand running through my hair. "Shhhh," you whisper, "I'll get you there, I just wanted to do it a certain way." And with those words I can feel the head of your cock pushing against my ass. You don't have to push too hard to gain entrance as I've already been loosened and the head pops in achieving a satisfied moan from me. You're already slicked with the my wetness and the rest slides in slowly, stretching my hole even more. And then you're all the way in my ass, balls pressing against my wet pussy. "Oh baby, your ass feels so good."

You wrap one arm around my chest, fumbling to find a breast to squeeze and you pull it free of my bra and shirt so it's exposed to the night air. You roll my nipple between two fingers while rocking a little in my ass, and I just melt into you, the sensations are too much and I feel my first orgasm fall over me in waves. Your other hand comes to grab an ass cheek as I stand shivering beneath you, moaning your name. 

You have been slowly sliding in and out of my ass as I rode out my orgasm, and as I calm down, cheeks red and mouth dry, I hear you say "Quite the sight isn't it?"

I open my eyes, not remembering when I shut them, and see a guy, a party guest but not one of your close friends, standing there, the door cracked open. How long he had been standing there I didn't know, but she figured he had been there long enough to watch her melt in ecstasy since she could see the growing bulge in his crotch. 

He muttered, "Sorry. Didn't .. mean to..." and then he was back inside.

My face burned in embarrassment or so I thought, because then you squeezed me to you and said, "You liked knowing he had watched us, didn't you?" 

I started to say, "No, I was surprised, so embarrassed," but then you guided my hand to my pussy and I felt myself once again growing wet, I had in fact been turned on by the situation. While I let this information sink in, I notice a faint light to my side. Turning I see it's you on your phone, texting. "What are you...." I start. But you just give a hard thrust into my ass and I gasp, falling against the wall. 

Then you whisper in my ear, "You wanted to see his dick didn't you, wanted to touch it?" My hand is still between my legs and I start squirming. "You even like the idea of playing with his dick don't you?" I couldn't help it, I nod and thrust two fingers inside me. You just laugh and hit a button on your phone then start thrusting in me once again. 

A moment later I understand what you had been doing, because the same guy comes back out and closes the door behind him quietly, then just stands there, "Are you sure it's all right?" he asks you. You pull me in close again, "She wants to." And so the guy walks over to where we are set up and stands next to us. You move me to the right and take a squatting position so that I am sitting on your lap, well on your dick to be more precise. I can feel my wetness rub against your legs and my inner thighs. "Look at what a mess she's been making," you say and rub a hand along my pussy. 

The guy looks right where your hand is, I'm completely exposed. "Get on your knees, baby," you whisper gently. And I do, while the guy undoes his jeans, but he stops there, still hesitant. But I can see the bulge, bigger than before, and I reach out a hand to test just how hard our peep show had gotten him. The guy let out a sigh and pulled his jeans down to his knees. With him standing his crotch was right in front of my face, and I could see a wet spot from some precum on his boxers. I love to taste pre cum and so I pulled the boxers down to meet the jeans, and without hesitation put my mouth over just the head of his cock and began to lick around it. 

I could hear him start to moan above me, but I was focused on sucking out all of his pre cum. Then you began to thrust in and out of my ass at a steady pace and rubbed my lips and clit nicely. I heard you chuckle. "You're in for a treat," you say to the guy. "My girlfriend gives great blowjobs." 

Hearing you talk about me like that just made me want the guys dick more, and I began to take in more and more of its length until my lips were grasping at the base of his shaft. I started to cradle his balls in one hand while the other worked with my mouth on his stiff throbbing member, and I felt him fall apart in my hands. 

I must've been a sight to behold, I thought; on my knees with a man behind me fucking my ass and a man in front of me fucking my mouth. The thought brought another wave of sensations over me and I began to twirl my tongue, savoring the surface of the new dick I had to play with. 

"Oh god," I heard him gasp above my head. "That tongue!" His exclamations only urged me into a more frenzied attack with my mouth and now I brought both hands to his dick, working in motion with my mouth. I sped up my speed, head bobbing, and felt spit escape down onto my hands and chin. 

You had slowed down your own thrusts to allow my full attention to fall onto sucking this guy's dick and I was enjoying every second of it, especially knowing that you were watching me do it. When I felt his legs begin to tremble I put my hands on his ass and started to deep throat his cock, taking in as much as I could before chocking and then sliding my tongue along it. 

You recognized my signature move and squeezed my hips that you were holding onto. The guy above me began to moan, "Oh, I'm going to cum....where should..." 

You answered for me as my mouth was busy, "She won't let go until she gets a taste of your cum." 

And it seemed that permission was all he needed, because when I took his dick all the way down my throat again he grabbed my head, holding me as he pumped every last drop of his cum into my willing my mouth. It tasted different from your cum. His was a bit more salty and yours was a bit more sweeter than his. As he withdrew you began to pump faster and rubbed circles around my clit, occasionally dipping a finger into my pussy for some wetness. 

He rubbed out anything remaining as he watched me savor and swallow his cum. You pulled my head back by my hair, knowing that force drives me wild and grunted, "Now it's my turn to cum baby." And with that you fucked my ass until I felt your nails dig into my hips, pulling me as far onto your dick as you could, releasing your cum into my tight asshole as I quivered with another orgasm, even more intense than the first. I began to slump, but you wrapped an arm around my waist, pulling me upright against you and I felt my asshole throbbing with pleasure. 

After a few moments of catching our breath, our party of three began to pull back on our pants, straightening our clothes. Before anyone could speak I said, "I'm hungry." 

"Me too," said the guy.

"Well," you said. "Why don't you join me and my girlfriend here for some food Jason?"

"Sure," Jason agreed, and the three of us piled into your car for a drivethru meal. When you were handing me my milkshake in the backseat you also handed me the butt plug with a wink, I had forgotten about it on the front porch. 

"That was fun," I said taking a sip, "we should do this again sometime." And I saw you glance at me in the rearview mirror, a silly grin on your face. "Sure babe, whatever you want."