 Sometimes Lena got bored with sex. With just lying there, licking and thrusting and sucking. Sometimes she just wanted to try something new, anything new, just to be doing something different. She said that to Jake, her fuck-buddy friend, while they were having sex. She said she was bored with boring sex and wanted to do something more interesting. Then she realized how that sounded and said, sorry, no offense.

Jake just grinned. He was used to her by now. She often talked during sex. It was just something she did. She liked to whisper, and boast, and promise what she'd do next. She liked to be told the dirty things that people wanted to do to her, and then, sometimes, she let them. Jake was used to her whispering about threeways and gangbangs and orgies as they fucked. He was used to it, but he still kept telling her that one day he'd take her seriously.

"I want to do something new," she whispered. "Something utterly filthy."

"Of course you do," he said.

"I mean it," she said. "I promise I do. Let's try something new, right now."

He stopped moving, and looked at her. "Seriously? You want to?"

"Not anal," she said quickly.

He looked disappointed. "Oh."

"Something else," she said. "Anything else. Anything you like."

"I can't think of anything right now."

"So think of it later, and next time we will. But promise me it'll happen, that you'll actually try."

"I will," he said, moving again. "We will. I promise."

"Do," she said. "I dare you to. Anything you want, it doesn't matter what."

"Anything?"

She nodded.

"You dare me?" he said. 

"Yep, I do."

He shifted his hand, and she put her knee higher, and he looked down for a moment, and seemed to be thinking. "Really?" he said, breathing a little fast. "Do you actually mean that, or are we just talking shit while we fuck?"

"Really," she said, brave because she was in the middle of sex. "Anything you want. Anything at all."

"I will," he said.

"Do."

"I mean it."

"I know," she gasped. "And something dirty. Something I've never done before."

"I don't know what you've ever done before..."

"If it really matters I'll email you a list. Or you can just surprise me, and use your imagination."

He kept looking at her, thinking. It was a little unsettling, being stared at while she fucked, as if they were in love, not just friends.

"Stop it," she said and tried to push his face sideways. He avoided her hand and kept looking. 

"I will if you really mean it," he said.

"Yep," she said. "I mean it. So do."

He still didn't seem completely sure.

"I mean it," she said. "I absolutely do. Anything. Surprise me. And fuck me."

He did, and it was good, because with him it was always pretty good. They liked each other, and he got her enough they worked. And their sex was usually better when they talked a bit dirty like that. 

Later they finished, and Lena went home, and didn't think much more about it.

The next time they met up, while they were organizing it, while she was on the phone finding out if he was free and when he wanted to meet, Jake asked her to wear a dress. 

"Why?" she said.

"Because I asked you to."

"Okay. Yep. Fair enough. But why?"

He didn't answer.

She though, then realized. "Oh, is this the thing from last week? With trying something new?"

"If you still want to."

"Of course," she said. "I'm putting a dress on now."

She went around to his house, and parked outside, and he met her at the front door. "Nope," he said. "Not inside tonight. "We're going to go somewhere else."

"Because something new?" she said. 

"Yep."

"Are you going to tell me?"

"I don't think I am. Still want to?"

She looked at him, wondering. He just stood there grinning. She was interested. She was excited, too. 

"Fine," she said. "Let's go."

They drove to a quiet suburban park. It was night, and no-one was around, and there were a lot of trees, but this was still pretty kinky.

He let her to the park, to what seemed like a sheltered corner. She listened, and couldn't hear any sign of people nearby. Jake pointed to a bench. "Sit down."

Lena did, and he handcuffed her wrist to the bench. Quickly, before she could react. Then he looked at her, grinning.

She wasn't going to admit she was nervous, not now he was grinning.

"Yep?" she said. "So what? And?"

He grinned, and knelt down in front of her. He reached up her dress, and tugged her undies off. Then threw them away, across the grass, ten or so meters away. 

"Um..." Lena said.

"Still okay?" he said.

Lena looked around. "Yep. Fine."

He grinned some more, and bent, and licked her, and that was actually pretty sexy, doing it like that, right there. She looked around. She couldn't see anyone around. It was a sheltered corner, and the park seemed quiet. She closed her eyes. She was suddenly really turned on. Jake's tongue was wet and hot, and he was licking her out in a public park.

He stopped, and stood up, and looked at her. "Still good?" he said.

"I'm fine."

"So here's the thing," Jake said. "The kinky bit. You're going to fuck the next guy who comes along."

She looked at him. "No, I'm not."

He grinned, smug again, "Yeah you are, because you already want to just hearing that."

It was true. She want to admit it, but it was true. She didn't know what to say.

"Or I can untie you, and let you go?" he said.

She hesitated, then shook her head.

"Sure?" he said.

She shrugged. "Whatever, smartass."

He took a piece of paper out of his pocket, and put it next to her. A sign. "I lost a bet," it said. "I have to fuck the next guy who comes along. Don't unlock me until I come." Jake waited while Lena read it, then put a box of condoms beside the sign, and the handcuff key next to them.

"You're an asshole," Lena said.

"Want me to untie you?"

Lena looked at him. "No."

He bent, and slid her dress up. A long way up, so her hip was bare. He smiled some more, and kissed her. 

Then he walked away.

"Shit," Lena called. "You're leaving me here?"

"Yep."

"Oh," she said.

Jake stopped, and turned around. "Should I not?"

Lena looked at him, then shrugged. "Nope, I'm fine."

Jake disappeared. 

Lena sat there, unsure what to do. She was horny, suddenly. Because of this, as much as getting head. She was cuffed by one wrist, so she could sit up and move around, but she couldn't actually leave. She pushed her dress back down. Jake must have known she'd do that. She reached for the sign, and the handcuff key, but it was just out of reach. He'd planned that part quite well. 

She looked around. She was actually a bit scared. She sat there, feeling odd, wondering how bad this would be if the wrong person turned up. She was hidden, a bit, behind some shrubs and things. All the same, it was embarrassingly public.

She crossed her legs, and sat with her knees pressed together. It didn't make any difference to the sign, but it made her feel better.

After a few minutes, she heard voices. She listened, and decided they were getting closer. She almost shouted for Jake, then realized that would just draw attention. She sat there quietly, wondering if she could kick the sign over. She didn't think she had time, not without leaving her legs up and all over the place when the people turned up. 

She sat and waited.

A couple came along, a man and a woman. They stopped, and read the sign. They looked at Lena, and she looked back. 

"Hi," Lena said, after a minute.

"Seriously?" the guy said. He looked okay, Lena thought. If she was going to fuck a random, this guy would do. 

"Um. Yeah, I guess." Lena looked at the woman, suddenly guilty about involving other people in her weird sex games. "But don't worry if you..."

"I'm his housemate," the woman said. "I don't care. Bu are you serious? He can just..."

"I suppose so," Lena said.

"Are you sure," the guy said. "Because I will, if you are..."

Lena sighed. "I'm sure."

"You actually want to."

She was still horny, and wet, and had been licked out not long ago. "Yeah," she said. "I do."

The guy thought. He looked at the woman. They both glanced around as if checking for cameras or film crews or something. 

"Go on," the woman said, after a moment. "Why not, if she's into it. I'll watch."

She sat down next to Lena. 

The guy picked up the condoms, and took one out the box. He stood next to Lena, and undid his jeans. She watched, a little curious.

"Um," he said. "Do you need... Should I go down on you or something?"

She shook her head. She was still wet from Jake. "I'm fine."

"So just, go at it?" he said.

Lena grinned. "If you want. I suppose."

He didn't seem to know what to do.

"Come here," Lena said. She leaned forward, as far as she could, until her arm behind her was straight out. She reached with her other hand, and pulled his cock out of his jeans. She could just reach. She bent, and sucked it.

The woman stared, quite openly. She seemed interested. 

Lena quite liked that, the part with being watched. She never had before, but she realized she liked it a lot. She grinned back, and made more of a fuss of the blowjob than she would have otherwise, slurping and sucking and lifting his cock up to lick his balls.

After a few minutes, she decided she'd better not do to much. She stopped. "Okay?" she said.

He seemed more interested now. He rolled the condom on, and looked at her.

"Hold on," Lena said, and turned around, a little awkwardly. She didn't like face-to-face sex with strangers, not really. It always got distractingly awkward deciding whether she ought to kiss or not. As well, if she was going to have anonymous pervert sex, it probably ought to be doggy. Especially since it would probably help him come quicker, and then she could go. She knelt on the bench, and turned around, and crossed her cuffed arm over herself a little awkwardly. She managed, and leaned on the back of the seat.

"Okay," she said.

The guy got behind her, and lifted up her dress, and put his hand on her hip, lining up. Then, slowly, carefully, he slid into her. For a moment it was all gasping and sighing and sex. Just being fucked, finally, after all the teasing tonight. It was good, and he was inside her, and Lena didn't really care where or why. 

She fucked him for a moment, and then she remembered the woman. She opened her eyes, and glanced sideways. She was still being watched, and that was sexy too.

She fucked. The guy fucked her. It was exciting, in a sordid way. She closed her eyes again, and felt what was happening inside her.

Near her, suddenly, someone new said, "Oh wow."

Lena jumped and opened her eyes. Two more guys had come along, and had stopped and read the sign.

One said to the woman on the bench, "Seriously?"

"Apparently."

"She'll just fuck whoever's here?"

"Seems so."

"And she can't stop until she comes?"

"It's what the sign says."

"Oh," the guy said. "You're not with her?"

"No, with him. We just came along and found her like this."

The guy inside Lena had stopped moving when the talking began, but now he seemed to decide he didn't care, and began moving again. Lena was glad. She didn't care either. She just wanted to feel this, now, what she was doing.

"Um," one of the guys said to Lena. "Excuse me. Sorry to interrupt, but can we too?"

She sighed. She looked at them. They both looked okay.

"Fuck," she said. "Why not. Go on."

They grinned, and stood there watching.

The first guy finished after a few more minutes. By then Lena was getting turned on by how there was basically a crowd standing around watching her have sex. The guy inside her came, and groaned a bit, and pulled out. 

The other two looked at each other, and one started undoing his jeans.

"Condom," Lena said.

The guy nodded, and put one on. He was already hard. He stood behind her, and slid inside, and was taller or something, and at a different angle, and he went in deeper. Lena had never had two cocks inside her, one after the other, so soon. She could feel him different, feel different parts of herself against him. She liked it, and she liked the audience too. He fucked her, and Lena reached down, with her uncuffed hand, and pressed her fingers against her clit. 

She knelt there for a moment, then decided she might as well do it properly. She'd never had a threeway, not two men inside her at once, and the opportunity seemed too good to miss.

"Hey," she said, to the guy who was waiting. "You might as well start. Like come around here." She pointed to her mouth. 

He moved, behind the bench, and stood next to her face. He unzipped and held out his cock, and she leaned forward, and sucked it. She felt brave and sexy and wonderful with one inside her at each end. She sucked, and licked, as best she could, although having sex as well was bumping her around a lot. She stopped touching herself, and held onto the guy in front with her hand, and sucked him off as best she could, despite the other guy's movements. The guy inside her seemed to like what they were doing. The threeway-ness of it, she supposed. He started fucking her faster, much faster, holding onto her hips. She kept the guy in front in her mouth, but only just.

The guy behind her came. She grinned at the guy in front and said, "You're up."

He went around behind her, and fucked her too. The others were still watching. Lena was excited, and close now. She reached down again, and rubbed herself. She came, after a moment, gasping, and set the guy inside her off.

He pulled out, and she turned around, and sat there, and they all looked at each other.

"Well she did," the third guy said, looking at the sign. "I mean, she seemed to. So should we let her go?"

The woman smiled, and held up the handcuff key. "We'll do it."

The pair of guys nodded, and said thank you to Lena, and left.

Lena looked at the couple, at the man and the woman. At the woman, especially. "Well?" she said.

"Um," the guy said.

Lena and the woman looked at him. 

"I might again," he said. "Since you're here and everything. If that's okay?"

Lena sighed, then nodded. She couldn't be bothered turning around again. "Are you ready?" she said.

He nodded, and got another condom. She lay back, on the bench, and he got on top of her. It was nice, this way. After she'd come, she didn't like deep fast sex. Him on top was nice, though, it was nice inside her after lots of doggy. She was a little surprised she wasn't sore. She lifted her knees up, and put one foot on the guy's back, and fucking him deep too, as well as she could. As she did, she looked around, paying attention now she wasn't quite as horny and distracted. The woman was looking around too. Watching the other two guys disappear, Lena realized.

The guy fucking her came, and climbed back off her.

"Well?" Lena said, and looked at the woman. She moved cuffed wrist. "Do you mind?"

"I'm Susie," the woman said.

"Hi," Lena said. "Um, why are you telling me that?"

"You'll see," Susie said.

Lena looked at her, puzzled. 

"So what's the bet exactly," Susie said. "That you have to fuck anyone who comes along?"

"Yeah," Lena said. "Pretty much, I suppose."

Susie grinned, and took off her shoes. Lena watched, unsure. Susie stood up, and pushed down her tights and undies. She had a skirt on, and apparently now nothing else.

"Oh," Lena said.

"Anyone who comes along?" Susie said.

"Yeah," Lena said. "I suppose."

Lena was still lying on her back. Susie put her knee on the bench, beside Lena's face, and slowly lowered herself onto Lena's mouth. Susie was already quite wet. She pressed forward, and Lena opened her mouth, and let herself get fucked. Lena licked, as best she could, with no real idea what to do. She'd never been with a woman before, but it all seemed to be working. Susie pressed onto Lena, holding Lena's head, breathing softly and kind of erratically, and her friend stood there and watched.

Susie came, and said, "Oh shit, and got off Lena, grinning.

Lena sat up. She moved her wrist again. "Please," she said. "If you didn't mind."

Susie grinned. "Are you done?" she said to the guy.

"Yep."

Susie unlocked Lena. 

Lena stood up, and stretched, and then smoothed her dress down. "Well, thanks, I guess," she said.

Susie grinned. "So that was weird," she said. "Um, which way are you going?"

Lena looked toward the carpark where she'd last seen Jake. "There, I guess."

"Walk with us. Just so nothing happens to you."

Lena thought that was pretty funny.

They walked to the carpark. Lena was relieved Jake's car was still there. He saw them coming, and got out, waited for Lena to walk up to him.

"Hey Jake," Susie said.

Lena looked at Jake, then the other two. "You all know each other?"

"Yep."

"You organised this?" Lena said to Jake.

Jake shrugged, and grinned. 

"You're a shit. And you?" Lena said to Susie. "He told you to do that to me?"

"Nah, I just thought, since you were there and everything."

"And you're really just flatmates?"

"Yep."

"And the other two guys?"

"What other two..." Jake seemed surprised. Susie and her housemate grinned.

"You didn't plan the other two guys?" Lena said to Jake, uncertainly. 

Jake looked shocked. He shook her head.

"Oh fuck," Lena said. "I just had sex with two total strangers. Who just walked past at the right time. Oh shit."

Susie took her hand out her pocket. "I had a phone ready the whole time. To call the cops, in case anything awful happened."

Lena still wasn't sure that was much better.

Susie kissed her. She still tasted of Lena a little. "Thanks," she said. "It was hot."

Lena looked at her for a moment, and decided not to care.