 This is my first story so I appreciate any feedback! Also, this is completely fiction just an ideal situation I'd like to try things in!

My name is Mike. I've been bicurious for a couple of years now, and finally got the nerve up to look around to make something happen. I didn't really know where to start, so I just posted a listing on craigslist hoping something would come of it. This is what I had to say: 24 yo bi curious M4MW. 6' 185 brown haired, green eyed average guy with a 6" cock looking to try some things in a bi threesome with a fun couple. Must be ddf, hit me up with pics and a reply!

I wasn't really sure what I was getting myself into, or if I would even get a reply! As it turned out, didn't have much to worry about and quickly got a reply (a few, actually, but most were pretty sketchy). The one I decided to go with seemed like a pretty hot couple. They were a bit older than me, (he was 29 and she was 28) and had a bit of experience in bi threesomes. His name was Dan and was a bit taller than me at 6'2" and seemed like he was in fairly good shape with brown hair and eyes. Had an awesome cock from the pictures, and was about 8"with a large head and nice ball sack (the kind you see bouncing off a chick's face in porn videos). She was absolutely hot as hell and her name was Kate. She was about 5'3" with great, firm tits about 34D and a nice shaved pussy and blonde hair and blue eyes. It was decided we would get a room at a hotel and have fun there.

I got to the hotel a bit early and opened a bottle of wine to relax. They were supposed to get there at nine, and around five after heard a knock at the door. I went to answer wearing my clothes from work still in dress pants and a light blue shirt. I opened the door to see Kate wearing a short black leather skirt with black high heels and a low pink top. Her hair was pinned up in a way that made her look like she was wearing a sign that said "I can be a complete bitch but I like to fuck and I like to fuck hard." Dan was dressed a little more conservatively (came straight from work as well) in khakis and a polo shirt. They both had on a huge smile and said hi and I invited them on in.

I poured them both a glass of wine and another big glass for myself and we sat down on the edge of the bed. We have some small talk and quickly finish a couple glasses of wine. I can see straight down Kate's shirt to her awesome tits (she had on a black lace bra, by the way) so my cock's rock hard and tenting in my pants. Emboldened by the wine, I lean over and kiss her hard on the lips, her tongue quickly goes into my mouth. I slide a hand up her skirt to find she's not wearing any underwear and start rubbing a finger up and down her wet slit. Dan reaches over and unzips my pants and pulls my cock out and starts stroking it, my head already wet from precum.

I pull Kate's top over her head and she undoes her bra, her tits so firm they stay in the same position. She unbuttons my shirt and takes it and my undershirt off as I slide a finger in her wet pussy and slowly start fingering her. Dan strips off his clothes as I finger his wife as she's moaning into my mouth, our tongues tangling inside. He kneels in front of me and slides my pants off before wrapping his hand back around my cock. I lean down to suck on Kate's nipple as Dan takes the head of my cock into his mouth. He slowly starts sucking in my shaft, and starts bobbing his head up and down on my cock. "Fuck that feels amazing" I whisper. Kate grins and leans down and pulls my cock out of her husband's mouth, and starts bobbing her head up and down quickly while I finger her. She pulls off and Dan's mouth quickly replaces hers. She pushes me backwards onto the bed and climbs on top of me into a 69 position. She lowers her dripping wet pussy towards my face and I lean forward and lick up and down her wet slit then start licking circles around her clit. She wraps her hand around my dick as Dan keeps sucking and bobbing his head up and down. I quickly get to the edge; "Fuck I'm going to cum" I moan into her pussy.

This declaration just spurs them on as Kate grinds her pussy into my face and starts jacking my cock as Dan sucks the head. I quickly slide my tongue in and out of her pussy and she starts cumming, hard. Her juices flowing all over my face pushes me over the edge and I start shooting cum out of my cock into Dan's mouth. Kate stands up and starts making out with him, cum dripping down their faces and stringing between their mouths. She gets a grin on her face; "Come here babe" she says as she's pulling me up off the bed. She leans into me, her tits pressing against me and kisses me hard on the mouth, my tongue swirling around in her mouth mixing our saliva and my cum.

"You know what I really wanna see?" Kate asks.

"Mmm what's that babe?" I reply.

"I wanna watch you suck my husband's cock" she says with a big smile.

"Well I guess that's only fair after the great blowjob he gave me" I say with a nervous laugh. They both smile and she walks over to the chair and slides her skirt off over her heels and sits down with her legs spread and starts rubbing her pussy. I kneel in front of Dan and cautiously wrap my hand around his rock hard cock. It's thick and veiny and I start wondering what I got myself into, but I lean forward and lick the precum off the tip of his cock. I watch Kate start fingering herself faster as I slowly wrap my lips around the head of his cock and start sliding my mouth down on him. His cock feels warm and huge in my mouth, and I quickly forget about Kate as I start bobbing faster, sliding my hand up and down his shaft as I go. I hungrily suck more and more of his cock in, wanting to feel his cum on my face. Dan starts moaning and I remember about Kate as I hear her cumming again in the corner.

By now my cock is hard again and ready for it's next hole, but I'm refusing to take Dan's cock out of my mouth. I gag a couple of times when I go down too far and I'm only able to take in about 6 inches or so but my hand takes care of the rest. After a while Dan moans out that he's going to cum. Cum oozes out onto my tongue and I swallow what went in my mouth as I pull off and start jacking his cock. He explodes all over my face, cumming for what seems like forever with eight or so heavy spurts. 

I stand up and look in the mirror and can't help but smile at my cum covered face and chest were it's dripped onto. Kate stands back up and comes over, "So, I take it you liked sucking cock?" she asks with a smile. "Hell yeah" I reply, "from what I heard you liked it too!" 

"Very much! Now I'm ready for you to fuck me" she says with a smile and leads me over to the bed. She pushes me down and straddles me, sliding my hard again cock into her soaking pussy. Kate leans forward and licks Dan's cum off my chest (my face is still covered) and starts riding me hard. My cock slides easily in and out of her as she rides, her firm tits bouncing with every thrust.

After a while Kate climbs off of me and lays down on the edge of the bed. I stand up and walk over and place my cock against her pussy, easily sliding it inside of her. As I start thrusting into his wife, Dan comes over and climbs up on the bed and places his semi hard cock by my mouth. I quickly take his limp cock into my mouth and start teasing it with my tongue as I thrust in and out of Kate. We're all three moaning loudly at this point and I feel sorry for whoever is next to us!

Dan's cock gets back to its rock hard length and Kate's soaking the sheets. She starts moaning louder and screams "Fuck I'm going to cum!" Her cunt starts spasming and gushing with cum and it pushes me over the edge. I start emptying my balls into her and filling her with cum. I slide my soft cock out of her, a mix of our juices on the inside of her thighs and pussy lips.

"Fuck that was amazing" I say.

"Yeah" Kate mutters. "How about you clean me up some?" She asks, sliding backwards on the bed. I kneel on the bed in front of her and lick her thighs; the mix of her pussy juice and my cum tastes amazing. I start to move to clean the outside of her pussy (a mixture of her cum and my cum, and by now Dan's as what was on my face has rubbed onto her legs) and hear a bottle snap shut behind me. "You ok with me fucking you man?" Dan asks. I part Kate's pussy and start eating the cum from inside of her and spread my legs farther apart. "Fuck babe, I think that's a yes" Kate moans out.

I feel Dan's cock head against me and he slowly slides his huge but well lubed head inside of me. He lets me relax some before sliding more in, and by the time he buries all of it inside me I've slurped all of the cum I could find out of Kate's pussy. He starts thrusting into me, his huge cock making me feel incredibly full and well fucked. After tonguing Kate to a pair of screaming, gushing orgasms her pussy needs a well-deserved break. Dan pulls out of me and we both move so Kate can get up.

Dan lies back down on the soaked bed, his long glistening rod sticking straight up. I climb on top of him and lower my ass onto it slowly until I reach the base. I lean back on him, and slide my cock out of him a little bit. He starts fucking me fairly hard and I enjoy every minute of it. Kate kneels between our legs and takes my cock into her hand and mouth and starts sucking up and down on my cock in time with her husband's thrusts.

All of a sudden Dan lets out a grunt and a moan, and I feel his cock emptying his cum into my ass. This starts a chain reaction as I cum for the third time of the night into Kate's wet mouth. I slide off of her husband and she leans down and kisses me hard and we share a wet, cum-filled kiss. They stand up and have to laugh at me a little bit as I'm absolutely exhausted and my floppy cock obviously is done for the night.

"Well that was fun" I say with a light laugh.

"Fuck yeah it was" Kate replies. "We'll have to do it again sometime!" she says with a grin.

"Yeah definitely!" I say.

"Only next time you gotta fuck me man" Dan says, which I quickly agree to. I stay on the bed as they get dressed. We say good night and they walk out the door, leaving me on the pussy-soaked bed with a cum filled ass, drying facial, and spent cock.