 All people and places are fictional. All characters are over eighteen.

———————

The Tourist and the Neighbor

 Kylie and Liz walked out of Tucker's studio on wobbly legs, into the afternoon light of the inner city. They looked at each other sheepishly.

"Did we just do that?" Kylie said. Her thick Australian accent, and the circumstances, struck Liz funny.

"We did," Liz chuckled, looking astonished at how the afternoon had evolved. She wasn't ready to talk about it though. "Dinner? I'm starved. We can try that new place at the mall I told you about, and do some shopping."

"Yes. Just let me check in with Mike," Kylie said as she took her phone out of her purse. "I hope he's feeling better." 

The drive to the mall was nearly silent as both women mulled over what had happened. It was out of character for both of them, to let loose their inhibitions and do something crazy like they had done. Maybe a bit less so for Kylie — she had a wild streak in her that she'd kept under wraps for years — but neither of them had even  considered making porn before, let alone done anything like it. And yet, suddenly it had happened. Well, it wasn't exactly sudden, but they did get swept up in it in a way that seemed to make time — and reason — come to a standstill.

—

Kylie and her husband Mike were halfway through their first vacation in the States. They loved to travel, and already had New Zealand, England, Italy and Japan checked off of their list of exciting places to go. The U.S. had long been on their minds as a destination, and they were thrilled to finally get there. Lists were made of places to see, friends to contact, and friends-of-friends who might come in handy along the way. Liz was one of those friends-of-a-friend, and she got a phone call from Kylie, out of the blue on a Wednesday evening. Mike had come down with the flu on the road between New York City and Niagara Falls, and he and Kylie had holed up in a motel while he recovered. He was insistent that she get out and enjoy herself, leaving him to sweat out his fever and puke his guts out alone. No need, he said, for her to wallow amongst his germs and waste her precious vacation.

Liz was a bit put off by the unexpected phone call from someone she didn't know, but she'd been chastising herself for being a boring stick-in-the-mud so she agreed to meet Kylie for lunch the next day. She hadn't made any new friends in years, and, she thought, what was the worst that could happen? An awkward lunch and never see the woman again because she lives on the other side of the world? And who knows, maybe she's fun, Liz thought. She certainly sounded nice and bubbly on the phone.

"So where do you live Liz?" Kylie asked as they waited for their food at the restaurant. Liz loved the way her name rolled off Kylie's Australian tongue — 'Leez.'

"Oh, a really cool condo I moved into last year when I got out of the Navy. It's downtown, right in the middle of the nightlife. There's a great little bar and two restaurants right across the street."

"Nice!" Kylie said. "Mike and I are out in the bush, so it's a drive just to buy milk. So you're retired already? That's really nice!"

"Yeah, I'm forty. Gotta figure out what to do with myself. I've been sitting around too much. I really miss the adventure of being at sea."

"A man in every port I suppose, someone cute like you."

"Ha! Hardly! Not for years now anyway."

"So, when you were younger then. Tell me. Tell me some stories."

"There were...a few wild parties," Liz said, smiling shyly.

"Orgies with sailor boys?" Kylie asked, wide eyed. "Bloody hell, maybe I should sign up! I wonder if the Aussie Navy'd take a thirty-six year old?"

The girls giggled. The grilled chicken panini they both ordered was tasty, and the white wine went down easy. Kylie ordered another round, and they each had a third glass with dessert. As their conversation got lubricated it swung back around to sex.

"Any nice boys in the building where you live?" Kylie asked. "What do they call it...friends with benefits, right?"

"No. I haven't found any yet. It sounds good though, right about now," Liz chuckled. "My neighbor's a porn producer," she added, with a twinkle in her eye.

"No fuckin' way!" Kylie said. "Bloody hell! You were just gonna keep that a secret and not tell me? What other secrets are you hidin'?"

"He's real nice. Just a good neighbor. Nothin' romantic."

"So what does he do?"

"He's got a studio downtown. A mile or so from where we live I guess. He said he'd give me a tour but I chickened out."

"Can we?" Kylie asked, wide eyed again. "I'd love that. Mike'd love it too, but...he won't mind. Do you think we could?"

"I...don't know," Liz said, suddenly wishing she hadn't brought it up. "I could call him I guess."

"That's all right if you don't want to," Kylie said.

"No. Let's. I should...be more adventurous. Let me call him."

Liz made the call. Tucker was happy to hear from her and said to come right over, but he was setting up for a scene and they couldn't stay too long. Just a quick tour. Kylie payed for the lunch and they were on the road a few minutes later.

"Liz! I'm so glad you decided to stop by!" Tucker said when he greeted them at the door.

"Hi Tucker," Liz said. "This is Kylie. She's here from Australia and I'm trying to entertain her today."

"It's a pleasure Kylie," Tucker said. "You're our first visitor from Down Under. Welcome to my fantasy factory."

"So you make porn here?" Kylie asked. "Dirty, fuckin' triple x-rated porn?"

"That's the stuff," Tucker said. "Unfortunately not today though. We work with amateurs a lot, and the woman who was supposed to do the scene today just bailed out. Sent me a text. Said she couldn't get up the nerve. It happens quite a bit unfortunately. The ones who do come have a great time."

"Ha! Cum! I get it!" Kylie laughed.

"Kylie!" Liz said. She quickly turned shy with Tucker there.

"I like your sense of humor Kylie," Tucker said. "Let me show you guys around. I can introduce you to some folks before they go home."

Tucker bought them onto the hotel room set were everyone was sitting around on two big double beds.

"So, we done boss?" Mitch asked.

"I'm afraid so," Tucker said. "Sorry guys. I hate these no-shows, but it goes with the territory. This is my neighbor Liz everybody, and her friend Kylie.

"It's a pleasure!" Kylie said, making a bee-line for handsome Mitch.

Tucker made the introductions all around. Dave stood and shook the girls hands. Ryan and Sparkle didn't get up, they just said "Hi" and smiled weakly. It was clear they were bummed about going home with no work.

"So you were gonna have a big ol' party it seems," Kylie said. Her face showed her excitement as she thought about it.

"Yeah," Tucker said. "The woman wanted sort of a gang-bang situation, with a little Sparkle thrown in for spice. I should have known better though. I usually don't schedule something this big for a first-timer. All right everybody," he said to his gang. "You may as well head out. I'll be in touch."

"Well that's a bummer, especially when we've got two sexy women right here," Mitch said, flashing his hypnotic eyes at Liz and Kylie.

"You're right Mitch, where's my hospitality?" Tucker said. "You girls are more than welcome to take over. Everything's ready and, well, the offer is there if you're interested. Both of you, or one of you. We can make pretty much anything happen."

"You mean I can make a bloody porn, as simple as that?" Kylie said. "Bloody hell! What a great country!"

Liz looked shocked, but it was an odd kind of shock — eyes dancing around, a slightly open mouth, sort of a half-crazed looking smile.

"I...think...we better stick with the tour," she said, finally getting her brain in gear.

"You won't dob on me if I do it, will ya?" Kylie asked her. Liz looked confused. "Tell anybody," Kylie said. "You won't, will ya?"

"No," Liz said, looking even more confused. "You're...gonna do something?"

"I'm not turnin' down a chance like this," Kylie said. "You shouldn't either, after what you were tellin' me."

Liz looked embarrassed, but she knew Kylie was right. She'd only met the woman a few hours before, but she liked her, a lot, and it felt almost like Kylie was some kind of whacked-out guardian angel, there to guide her away from the boring life she was falling into in her way-to-young retirement. Kylie's enthusiasm, and the crazy, surreal surroundings messed-up Liz's head something fierce — half-an-hour later she was naked, twisted up in a warm tangle of flesh with a bunch of strangers.

She snapped out of it at one point, early on in the proceedings, nearly paralyzed by the overwhelming terror she felt. 

"You okay," Dave whispered in her ear.

"No!" Liz whispered back. "This is crazy!"

"We'll stop if you want," he said reassuringly.

Liz took stock of her surroundings. Kylie already had Ryan's young cock in her, doggie style, and she was playing with Mitch's monster cock. They were all close enough that Liz could feel their warmth. Sparkle was kissing Ryan while her hand roamed on Kylie, finally zeroing in on the soft tit hanging under her, pausing for a nice fondling squeeze. Liz's terrified eyes landed on Dave, but softened a bit when she realized his gaze was warm and unthreatening. He was a handsome man, and his big blues got to her.

"No. Don't stop," she said. "I'm...okay."

"If you're sure," Dave whispered.

"Yes," Liz said, still tense, but willing. "Kiss me first?"

Dave smiled. The lines around his eyes crinkled in that way that women loved, and his big blues sparkled. The tenseness on Liz's face softened even more, and she smiled too. Just a little smile, but a beautiful one.

Liz moaned when she felt Dave's kiss, soft lips that were gentle and sweet. His hand slid up the curve of her side, and gently squeezed her suddenly heaving breast. She moaned deeper, losing herself again in the insanity.

"Fuck me with that American cock!" Kylie yelled. "Yeeeeaaahh!"

Liz giggled into Dave's mouth when she heard her wild new friend. He pulled back just enough to see her, smiling at the look of slightly crazed wonder on her face.

"Ready?" he asked.

Liz nodded. She looked down at Dave's hardness, long and thick. She wanted it in her, so she pushed his shoulder to flatten him and mounted the big thing, letting it sink in slow.

"Oh god," she mumbled.

The sensation of having a big cock slowly fill her blurred her senses, but she couldn't help seeing the cameras and the crew. It was a wildly intoxicating cocktail of emotions that she didn't know how to process. Dave's gentle voice helped her.

"God you feel good!" he sighed.

Suddenly the cameras went away. He felt good too! So good! She'd often wondered about big cocks, and wow! Holy fuckin' shit wow!

The mounting and filling was over, and the fucking started. Liz was gasping, her breath stuttery and short. The silent gasps mixed with quiet giggles, and then the deep sensations built.

"Oh!...Oh!...Oh!..." she sighed, as the tingly warmth started to overtake her. "Fuck!...Ohhhh my god!...Holy shit!"

She was astonished that an orgasm was coming so easily. It was the first time she didn't have to work at it. It was just happening!

"Holy fuck!" she said with quiet surprise. Her eyes were huge, and then they fluttered shut. She held her breath as the big one started to roll through her, and then a deep groan rattled the rafters.

"Go Lizzie!" Kylie said when she heard her. "Fuck yeah!"

Liz took two deep, chest heaving breaths and felt Dave's hands on her tits. She hadn't even realized they were there. Her eyes opened slowly, half-lidded and dreamy. She felt like she'd had the wind knocked out of her. Out of the corner of her eye she saw Tucker standing next to a camera. My fuckin' neighbor just watched me fuck, she thought to herself. God that cock feels good! Kylie's exuberance snapped her into the real world...

"Are Aussie pussies wetter?" Kylie asked Ryan. "Huh, you big crazy fucker? You like my wet pussy?"

"It's so fuckin" wet!" Ryan answered 

"Oh yeah, fuck it again!" she begged. "Fuck it with that big American cock!"

Sparkle shuffled over on her knees to Liz's side.

"How's Davey feel? Nice huh?"

She clamped her lips on Liz's before she had a chance to answer. Her fingers tickled their way down Liz's belly to her clit. It was a first for Liz — the feminine kiss, the clit tickle and the hard cock way up inside her. She closed her eyes again and went with it. She was in way too deep to back out. Next to them, Kylie was on a roll.

"Oh yeah! Grab my hair. Don't be shy," Kylie said. Ryan slapped her ass. "Ohhh! You like that ass, don't ya!" she growled. "Awhh! Awhh! Awhh!" she yelled as his cock ripped away the last shred of good girl. "Fuck yeah!" she yelled. "Make me your whore!" She pulled Mitch to her and swallowed his cock with a moaning groan.

Liz knew her new friend was going wild, but she barely heard the words. She was lost in her own dream, as Sparkle drew another orgasm from deep within her. Dave's cock moved slow, stirring gently inside her gut as the blonde professional worked her magic.

Sparkle's kiss stopped suddenly. Liz's eyes were closed and she wondered why the soft lips had left her. At that very instant a long, slippery cock filled her open mouth. It flooded her taste buds and the scent of wet pussy and hard working man overwhelmed her senses.

"Bloody nice cock, isn't it?" Kylie asked. Her arms encircled Liz from behind, cupping her tits in sweaty hands. "You're the best tour guide in the world, Lizzy," she whispered in Liz's ear.

Liz was right on the edge when it all happened, and she melted down. It was a massive orgasm, that went on and on. Kylie could tell that Ryan was close too.

"You gonna cum baby?" she said to him. She stroked his balls as he plunged into Liz's mouth. "You finally gonna fuckin' cum? My God you're an animal!"

Ryan groaned, trying to hold out, but it was a lost cause.

"Yeah, put that in my mouth," Kylie said, preparing for the eruption. Ryan gushed, filling her mouth with warmth. "God it tastes like life itself!" she moaned as she slurped up the slippery thing.

Liz was spent, emotionally and physically. Kylie lay her on her back and Sparkle joined her, the other way around, licking Liz's puffy, steaming pussy. After a minute or two she swung her leg over Liz's head for a little sixty-nine action. Liz was so gone she didn't even think about it being her first time — she just licked, and loved it.

Dave was anxious to try the wild little Australian. She saw the look in his eye, mounted him and rode him like a pro.

When she'd had her fill of riding she was up off the bed, bent at the waist. Dave slipped in from behind, and Ryan took advantage of her open mouth.

"Jesus Christ you're a woman!" Dave announced. His fat cock was tight in Kylie's pussy, fucking hard.

"Oh Shit! Ahh! Ahh! Ahh!" she moaned, and her legs went spastic, shaking uncontrollably. "Oh fuck yeah! Fuckin' do it! Fuckin' make me cum again! Yesyesyesyes, AHHHWWW! Yesyesyesyes, AHHHWWW!" she yelled. The words seemed to flow out of her like she wasn't conscious of them.

She had hold of Ryan's slippery shaft as Dave fucked her hard, slapping into her from behind. She looked over at Liz, licking Sparkle's pussy while Mitch fucked her doggie, and she yelled out as yet another orgasm threatened to consume her: "God I love America!"

———————

Dinner at the mall was quieter than the lunch the girls had earlier in the day. They didn't avoid talking about what had happened at the studio, but they didn't gush about it either. Subtle references and sly smiles were enough. It was all so fresh in their minds they didn't really need to talk about it.

Kylie checked in with her husband Mike again. He was feeling a bit better.

"Yes, we had fun," she said to him on the phone. "Liz knows all the fun places. I'll tell you all about it tonight."