 All people and places are fictional. All characters are over eighteen.

———————

Two Girlfriends

It didn't take long for Liz to become a big part of Tucker and Marsha's lives. Tucker had thought Marsha's idea of him having two girlfriends was just a little role playing fun, but she was serious, and Liz was happy with the idea too. It was an equal opportunity situation — Liz and Marsha were as much a couple as either girl was with Tucker. The whole thing had happened very organically, and two weeks down the road it felt almost normal.

Tucker's queen size bed was traded in on a king size model, and Liz's condo was often empty. Tucker's next door neighbor Doris, a sweet eighty-three-year-old widow who had her nose in most of the buildings business, had a pretty good idea things had gotten a bit free-wheeling between her younger neighbors. She never said anything though, just some knowing looks and odd smiles to go along with her quickly swiveling head and darting eyes as she kept an eye on things.

Liz got a kick out of it. The first week felt a bit odd, like an out of body experience, but week number two found her settling in to her new situation, enjoying the nonconformist nature of it. She felt like a happy teenager again when Doris said hello in the hall, in that "I know what you're up to" way.

Even more fun was spending time at the studio. Tucker and Marsha were used to it, but for Liz it was full of dream-like memories of her time there with Kylie. Running into Mitch and Dave again, and realizing that the sex they'd all shared was just work to them, fun work but work none-the-less, was strangely liberating. Liz had let it become a powerful thing in her mind, too powerful, so seeing them again and coming to grips with the casualness of the situation was good for her. She was starting to understand the porn world.

Liz had fucked a third man that day with Kylie, but he was a different kettle of fish. Ryan. Young, perfect college athlete Ryan. It wasn't that she didn't find Mitch and Dave attractive — she did, very much so. But Ryan, twenty years her junior in age, was just so...

When Liz was a teenager, before she joined the Navy at age nineteen, she knew a boy like Ryan. The perfect-bodied athlete, with the long hair and the mesmerizing smile. She always dreamt he had a perfect cock too, but dreaming was as close as she ever got to it. All tangled up in The Kylie Orgy, as Liz likes to think of that afternoon, with Ryan fucking her deep with the most perfect cock she'd ever seen — well, it was about as good as it gets, and she let herself go in front of the cameras in a way that surprised her. A big reason why was that boy from her past, and the fantasies she'd had of him in her teenage years. They finally came true over twenty years later, when Ryan fucked her deep from behind.

Liz stopped by the studio on a sunny Tuesday. She'd made it seem like she was just dropping in to say hi, but there was more to it that day. She knew Ryan was scheduled to shoot a scene with an older amateur, and she was dying to see him again. She was nervous about it though. Mitch and Dave had been nothing but nice and relaxed about everything, but she wondered if Ryan would be. She was twenty years older than him after all, and her mind went to places it shouldn't go, wondering if Ryan thought of the older women he had to work with as desperate old skanks. And now that she was in a long-term threeway relationship with Tucker and Marsha, something everyone at the studio knew about, she wondered if Ryan would think she was a gold-digging desperate old skank.

"Oh, hi!" Ryan said, his smile beaming brightly.

"Hi Ryan," Liz said quietly. His smile let her know her nerves were for naught. She smiled too, and hugged him.

"It's so cool that you're back!" the young man said. "You and your friend were so much fun. One of the weird things about this job is never seeing people again, after...you know."

"Yeah, that must be weird. So how are you?"

"Great!" Ryan said. "You look really good. It's so cool that you and Tucker and Marsha are hangin' out. I love that."

"Yeah?" Marsha asked. "I always wonder what people think."

"No, it's cool! So you gonna watch today?"

"Oh, I, uh...no, I just stopped by to say hello."

"You should stay," Ryan said, with a twinkle in his eye. 

He wanted to tell Liz it would help to have her watch him — the woman that was there to do the scene wasn't exactly a looker, and Liz would help keep him horny, but he didn't say it. Liz sort of knew what he meant though, from the look on his face, although she was sure she was reading him wrong. He couldn't possibly want me to watch him, could he, she wondered? Just then, Tucker walked by.

"Hey Tucker? Is it all right if Liz watches?" Ryan asked.

"Oh. Yeah, sure," Tucker said, with a quizzical little smile. He could sense the spark between Liz and Ryan, and he liked it.

The day's scene was pretty basic — Ryan with an older woman. She was a forty-something divorcee who lived in a trailer park sixty miles from the city, living out a fantasy from her bucket list. That fantasy was being fucked by her son, who, according to the woman, looked a lot like Ryan. Ryan was less turned on by the idea, mainly because of the woman's huge bush of untrimmed pubes, and her beer-belly stomach that threw her all out of proportion. 

Tucker knew the guys sometimes used Marsha as fantasy material, locking eyes with her as they fucked women that they didn't find attractive, so he wasn't surprised and didn't mind at all when Ryan's eyes locked with Liz's as he fucked the shit out of the trailer park mama.

"Fuck!...God damn!...Yeeeeaahhh!" The pot-bellied woman screamed. "You're fuckin ruinin' me!...No cock'll ever be enough!...Ohhhh Fuuuuck!"

Ryan was giving her everything he had, slapping hard into her cottage-cheesy ass. The wildly orgasmic woman struggled to stay on her hands and knees, desperate to keep the moment going as long as she could. 

Liz was right in Ryan's line of sight. She was surprised how turned on she was, and she was wishing she'd worn loser, cooler clothing for her visit to the studio that day. Truth be told, she had hoped to stay and watch Ryan in action, but she didn't expect the intense, lusty eye contact with him. It was wild and crazy, and out-of-this-world exciting. She was snapped out of it by a hand squeezing her ass.

"You have an admirer," Marsha whispered in Liz's ear. "He's fucking you right now. You know that, right?"

Liz's body tensed at the thought. Her mind blurred for a few moments, but she snapped out of it just in time to see Ryan's big cock pull out of the woman's slippery hole and plaster her ass with cum. The woman was beside herself, lost in a spasming, orgasmic dream.

"Cut! Great work everybody," Tucker said.

—

Tucker took Marsha and Liz out to dinner that night. He liked to celebrate after filming a scene, nothing fancy, just a nice dinner and a little wine to toast the career gods for giving him a fun one. Liz and Tucker had a nice moment of eye contact over a sip of Shiraz. 

"How's it feel to be a handsome porn star's muse?" he said. Liz's face flushed with heat. She hoped it wasn't visible.

"A what?" she whimpered.

Tucker smiled. He knew she knew what he meant, and she looked cute trying to deny it to herself. Marsha giggled.

"The poor boy won't be able to perform without you," Marsha smiled. "That big, long cock'll go all soft." 

"Get out!" Liz said, blushing profusely. "You guys are...can we change the subject?"

"No. You're not gettin' off that easy," Marsha said, "but Ryan sure got off when he looked at you."

Tucker and Marsha laughed, and Liz squirmed uncomfortably.

"Here's another handsome twenty-year-old," Marsha said as the waiter approached. "Why don't you try your powers on him?"

"I will not!" Liz exclaimed softly. "I don't have any powers!"

"I don't know," Tucker said. "You made me hard as a rock earlier, and you were lookin' at another guy! That's some kind of magic right there."

Liz was horrified that Tucker was saying those things while the waiter was putting the food on the table. She took a deep breath and hoped her red face wasn't too bright. She never looked at the waiter.

"Okay sweetie, we'll lay off," Marsha said as she picked up her fork and cut into her lasagna. "You gotta admit that was hot though. I had no idea you and Ryan had connected like that."

Liz loosened up with two big gulps of wine, and the flush finally left her body. She told the story of the boy she'd met right before the Navy, and the powerful fantasies she'd had about him.

"That's the best thing about getting older," Marsha said. "When old fantasies finally come to life, it's so much better than if it'd happened back then."

"Absolutely," Tucker said. "Lizzy, you got nothin' to be ashamed of. Embrace it. It's all good."

"I never thought I'd have a boyfriend who wanted me to think about other guys," Liz said.

"We want you to do more than think about it Lizzy, right Tucker?" Marsha said. She winked at him.

"Absolutely," he said. "We're not all tied in some old-fashioned relationship here. I know this is new for all of us, but let's keep things open and fun."

"In other words," Marsha said, "if you wanna invite Ryan over sometime, or corner him in the storage room..."

Liz's face flushed red again, not quite as deep a shade as the wine, but close.

"This might be a good time to admit something," Marsha said. "A few months ago, Kelsey was helping me unpack some new toys. Remember that day you had the meeting with the city about the neighborhood improvements?"

"Yeah, I remember," Tucker said.

"There were handcuffs, and some other things. There was nobody around. She...kinda got me...tied up, on the brass bed."

"Really! Oh my God, she's such a sexy little thing, isn't she?" Liz said, happy the conversation had shifted away from Ryan. "I guess I'm not surprised, after what you guys told me about Vegas, and Kelsey's parents."

"Yeah. Nothin' surprises me about her," Tucker said.

"Well this part might. First of all, I wanna tell you absolutely nothing was planned. Kelsey was just as surprised as I was. So, we're like goin' at it with a double dildo, with me all tied up, and...Billy shows up. It was right after you gave him the key, remember? He stopped in for his paycheck."

"Holy shit," Tucker said, stopping his forkful of food right before it reached his mouth.

"I know you think a lot of him, and maybe I shouldn't be telling you this, but..."

"Hey, I wouldn't have been able to resist you either," Tucker said. "Wow. I'm just trying to picture this. So the three of you..."

"Yeah," Marsha said. "It was kinda big. I've felt bad that we kept it from you."

"No, that's cool," Tucker said. "I mean it was before you moved in and we got really close. But no more secrets, okay. All of us. Open and fun, but the key is the open part. We tell each other everything."

"Deal," Marsha said. She held her glass up for Liz to clink.

"Deal," Liz said.

Tucker joined the threeway glass clink and they all took a sip of the red liquid. Their smiling faces told the rest of the story. Liz looked around, wondering if anybody else at the restaurant had such a life, and how, at age forty, she'd fallen in with so many magical people. It was truly a mystery, after the last few boring years. She wasn't complaining.

Over the course of the next few weeks she gradually met everyone at the studio, from Dante's massive bulk to Kelsey's petite perfection. She found, much to her surprise, that she had a thing for the youngsters. She was old enough to be their mother, and it bothered her at first, but the fantasies wouldn't stop coming. It all started with Ryan, of course, but Kelsey and Billy and Josh all made her head spin. She decided it must be a mid-life crisis, and she and Marsha laughed about it.

"Hey, I'm never gonna judge you about that," Marsha said, pouring some wine one evening with Liz and Tucker at the condo. "I've been with Kelsey and her friend Raymond, and Billy, so..."

"Yeah, but they're only ten years younger than you," Liz said. "I'm ten years older than you two. I've got twenty years on those kids!"

"Who cares?" Tucker said. "They obviously don't. They're all sex crazy, and good sex is good sex."

"Easy for you to say," Liz said. "I'm new at this, remember?"

"So, fuck 'em all, and then you won't be," Tucker smirked. Liz nearly choked on her wine.

"Sounds like an excellent plan," Marsha said.

"God," Liz quietly exclaimed. "Is this my life? What's happened to me?"

"You're learning to have fun sweetheart," Marsha said, giving her a wine flavored kiss, "and I am too."

—

Marsha knew Kelsey was the right girl for the job she had in mind, so she texted her the next day...

- Don't tell her I told you this, but Liz needs lots of young cock. Can you help?

- Fun!!! Yes I can help!!! Me and Hannah were just talking about having a party. Wanna cum???

- Count us in.

- OMG!!! My friends will love it!!! I'm stoked!!!

The plans came together quickly. College kids love their theme parties — togas, bubble wrap, body paint — but Kelsey wanted something more appropriate for her more mature guests of honor. Marsha though it'd be fun to get Liz into her Navy uniform, so they decided on a uniform-themed costume party. Most of the kids would be improvising, but Kelsey thought it would be fun.

"You're crazy!" Liz said, when Marsha told her where they'd be going that night. "I'm way to old for that, and I'd never wear my uniform."

"You're not, and you will," Marsha said. "Kelsey's really excited about this. She'll be crushed if we don't go."

"Well I'm not going," Tucker said. "An old guy at a party like that is just creepy. Two women your age is just plain hot. You guys have fun. I envy the guys in the room when they see you walk in in your uniform. Whites or blues? With a skirt, I'm guessing?"

"No," Liz said, her eyes darting nervously. "I can't."

"You have to," Marsha said. "I went and bought a waitress uniform, and I'm not going without you. Josh is gonna be there. Ryan too I think."

Liz's eyes grew when she heard the names, but she quickly tried to hide her interest.

"No," she said. "It's crazy."

Her words weren't nearly as forceful as before. It was pretty clear her defenses were breaking down.

"You'll at least put it on for me, right?" Marsha asked in her most seductive voice. "Let's go to your place and try things on."

"God," Liz muttered under her breath. She could feel the horny girl inside her starting to stir. Marsha gathered up the new waitress dress and a few other things and led Liz by the hand out the door and down the hall.

"This is wrong on so many levels," Liz said as they entered her condo. "We're too old for a college party, especially one with...sex. And I shouldn't use my uniform for something...like that."

"Oh, come on! It'll be a hoot! Tell me you don't wanna get with Ryan again, and Josh with those dimples. Picture that dimpled face licking you."

Marsha lured Liz into the bathroom, and then into the shower.

"Help me shave my legs," she said. Liz couldn't resist that, and hoped Marsha would give up on the party idea if they played on their own under the warm water. Leg shaving led to pussy shaving, and warm, wet, smoothly shaved pussies just have to be eaten. Marsha was a wily manipulator though, more so than Liz had realized. She left Liz hanging, unsatisfied, with the first of what she'd hoped would be many orgasms still bottled up inside.

"Wouldn't Ryan's long cock feel heavenly right about now?" Marsha said, on her knees under the cascading water, teasing Liz's clit with her tongue. "He knows you're invited you know. He'll be so disappointed if you're not there."

Half-an-hour later the girls returned to Tucker's condo, Marsha in a tight little waitress dress, tan with brown detailing and a brown belt, and Liz in her Navy dress blues — knee length skirt, white blouse, dark-blue jacket with gold buttons and five gold slashes on the arms, all of it topped with a white cap with a gold anchor insignia. Marsha had talked her into wearing high heels that the Navy would never approve of.

"Chief Petty Officer Elizabeth Marksmith, reporting for duty sir," Liz said. Her smirking mouth was tight, trying to hold back a chuckle. It was a lost cause and both the girls burst out laughing.

"Holy fuck!" Tucker said, looking the two of them over. "You guys look awesome! You gotta wear those for me next time! Shit!"

Marsha pulled up her dress to show off the black garter belt holding up her stockings.

"It's not too much?" she asked.

"Are you kidding?" Tucker said. "Those fuckin' boys are in for the time of their lives!"

"And you? What do you get outta this?" Marsha asked with a raised eyebrow.

"That, my dear, remains to be seen," he said. "But I'll tell you all about it when it happens."

"Hmmm," Marsha squinted. "This is so weird. I'm not sure I like it."

"See if you still feel that way after the party," Tucker said, confident in Kelsey's ability to conjure up sexual magic.

"We don't have to do this you know," Liz said to Marsha.

"Oh yes we do," Marsha said, suddenly feeling a horny tingle deep in her gut. "Look at me. I'm fully slutified for the night. We're not chickening out."

"I know you don't know Kelsey very well yet," Tucker said to Liz, "but trust me, you'll have fun. She doesn't allow life to be anything but awesome."

"I can't believe I'm doing this," Liz grumbled. "We better go before I run away and hide."

"You're too cute," Marsha said. She brushed her fingertips across the colorful ribbon bar on Liz's chest. "What's all this for?"

"Service ribbons and awards. They're like medals."

"Really!" Marsha said, her fingertips transitioning into a full squeeze of Liz's nice tit. "So sexy!"

"I've never felt sexy in my uniform before."

"Oh my gosh you are! Tucker's right, those boys that are waiting for us are gonna go nuts. I am too," Marsha said, still gently fondling, and ending things with a quick, open mouthed kiss. "Let's go."

—

"You guys!" Kelsey hollered from her front porch. "Oh my God! You look awesome!"

Liz and Marsha were walking down the sidewalk after parking their car, Marsha ahead with Liz following, both of them glad the tightly packed old neighborhood street wasn't better lit on that dark night.

The apartment Kelsey shared with Hannah was in a tired old house that looked like it had been off-campus student housing forever, a three-story box with a mansard roof, pealing paint and stacked front porches, one for each of the three apartments. Kelsey's was on the second floor, and she was leaning on the railing as she yelled down her greeting. Marsha giggled when she saw her, her perfect little body stuffed into a red, one-piece bathing suit.

"Let me guess, you're the lifeguard who's gonna save us," Marsha yelled up to her.

Liz wasn't happy about all the loud chatter. There were student age folks walking the sidewalks and she just wanted to get inside, as quickly and quietly as possible. She was glad she'd worn her Navy blues instead of the dress whites, but she still felt like she stood out like a sore thumb. Marsha giggled again when Liz gently pushed her toward the steps.

The beat up front door looked like something a salvage yard would reject, and inside the entryway things didn't improve much. The stale air had a faint whiff of vomit, and two bare bulbs cast stark shadows. Dark wood was everywhere — paneled wainscoting that a carpenter a hundred years ago had lovingly crafted was nearly black with age from decades of neglect. The walls above were painted with the kind of flat, un-shiny black you see on old hot-rods and plastered with notices about parties, requests for rides, and handbills for bands and art shows, all of it haphazardly tacked or taped up. The bits of wall that didn't have something attached to them were riddled with tiny holes from thousands of pushpins.
