 It was five months after our last threesome with Ned before we were able to get together again. Billie and I had moved into base housing. Shortly after our move, a private four-year liberal arts college hired her as a nude model for their life drawing classes. This was something she had done in the past, as an art major, to supplement our income.

Shortly after she had started work, I was deployed for four months. We pulled out early in the morning of Monday, May 7, 1979. It was to be my first deployment with this command.

Prior to my departure, after making love, we were cuddled up and discussing how she felt about the deployment. She quietly said, "You know, modeling nude has always turned me on...and being surrounded by a bunch of male students and a few of the professors who sit in on the class" she paused, "and, with you gone..." she trailed off.

I was pretty sure I knew what she was thinking, so I gently said, "You think, you're going to end up going to bed with some of them."

Biting her lower lip, she nodded her head and whispered, "We both know, I am."

"Yeah, I know. Honey, I don't have a problem with it. You love sex. Go out while I'm gone, and have some fun; if you want to, get laid. I'll love you no matter what you do." 

Blushing slightly, she softly said, "That is one of the many things I love about you. I don't plan on anything happening, but we both know, it's going to." 

She paused again, and then said, "What I'm really a little worried about is, what if I become..." she paused and swallowed, "as promiscuous as I was in college." 

I kissed her and pulled her warm, naked body to me, whispering in her ear, "So?"

Giggling as my tongue tickled her ear, she said, "You're incorrigible. But, think about how many guys I fucked after we opened our marriage. Sweetie, for a couple of months I was fucking someone just about everyday. And, at times, I'd was doing two, sometimes three or more guys a day."

Nuzzling her neck, I once again whispered, "And, again, so what? If you do, you do. I want you to be safe, but I also want you to be happy. I would, also, want you to share with me all the horny details about your dalliances."

She reached down and found me hard. Arching eyebrows at my renewed erection she relaxed, smiled and exclaimed, "You always get turned-on thinking about me fucking other guys when you're off somewhere, don't you."

Smiling, I nodded, whispering simply, "Yeah, I do."

Laughing softly, she kissed me and whispered, "You perv."

I returned home from my deployment early Friday morning September 7th of 1979. Our reunion was full of passion, lovemaking, a special tenderness and hours of talking as we caught up on the various events, which had taken place during my deployment. 

It was late Friday night when the excitement of my homecoming plus the lack of sleep from the night before, caught up with us and we crashed. With our arms wrapped around each other we slept the best sleep either of us had had for four months.

Saturday morning we slept late, which wasn't normal for me, but I still woke before Billie. This gave me the opportunity to start the coffee, take a shower, pour a cup of coffee and slip into the bedroom for one of my favorite morning activities, watch the love of my life as she slept.

My wife was beautiful in the morning light. She slept nude, on her back. Petite, only five feet three inches tall and one hundred eight pounds, she had a tight, toned body, a wonderful figure (34B-23-33); her breasts were a little more than a handful with quarter sized areoles and pencil-eraser sized nipples and a perfect little ass. 

She kept her pubes trimmed to a diminutive triangle, which was matted with our spent passion. Her legs were slightly spread providing me a delightful view of her smoothly shaved outer labia, which were still a little swollen from our making love.

With her body totally tanned; hip length, sun lightened brown hair, big brown eyes and no make up she had the look of an innocent, fresh faced eighteen year old rather than a twenty-eight year old woman. She ate right, didn't drink, smoke or use drugs. She exercised and ran daily; she was a striking woman without being pretentious.

Looking back up at her face, we locked eyes; she grinned at me and then glanced down and said, "I see you're glad to see me."

Putting my coffee cup down, I crawled up onto the bed. She stopped me saying, "Nah huh, I gotta pee, I want a shower and something to eat, and, No! I don't mean that thing!" Laughing, she got up and gracefully walked into the bathroom. 

After completing her shower she joined me in the kitchen where I had prepared some herbal tea for her. We ate a quick light breakfast, cleaned up, made another bathroom run to brush our teeth and jumped back into the bed. While we were lying in the bed holding each other, we talked, we kissed, we touched and we talked some more. 

With a naughty grin slowly spreading across her face; she bit her lower lip and then whispered, "I know you are dying to ask me, so go ahead, ask me, if I got laid while you were gone."

Tenderly kissing the tip of her nose, I placed my forehead against hers, took her hand and placed it on my hard cock. With a whisper, I asked her, "Well? Did you, get laid, while I was gone?"

She crawled up on top of me, placed my erection at her opening and sat down on it. She was silent for a minute as she worked her hips, working me in. Sitting up with her hands on my chest she was in one of her favorite positions for telling me about her infidelities.

Slowly riding me, she whispered, "Yeah, I did." 

Kissing the tip of her nose, I asked, "Would you care to share?"

Smiling, she said, in a low sexy voice, "Would you mind a quick rundown? It'll take quite a while if I go into all of the details and..."

Interrupting her with a small laugh, I softly asked, "So, were you as promiscuous as you had been in college?"

Wiggling her butt, she playfully answered, "No. I wasn't that promiscuous, but, yeah, I was a rather, shall we say, a loose woman," she chuckled, "and, yes, I had fun."

Lying down on me, she said, "There were, two guys I had sex with fairly regularly. I even had a couple of threesomes with one of them and a friend of his."

Nuzzling and snuffling the back of her neck, I softly asked her, "Who were your two fucking amigos?"

Burying her face in the pillow to muffle her laugh, she attempted to compose herself and replied with a slight, chuckling stutter, "T-Tomas..." 

I interrupted her, "Tomas and not Thomas, right?" Thomas had been one of her favorite fuck buddies in her junior and senior years of college.

"Yeah..." she laughed and continued, "and Dan, a professor of Anthropology."

Teasingly, I asked her, "And, how often did you get together with your two amigos?" 

Laughing, she playfully responded, "As often as I could. Tomas, who I had sex with the day you left, had asked me if I'd like to go running with him and I ended up in his bed. We started running, exercising and fucking two, sometimes three times a week."

"Dan, the anthropological professor, told me about a nude beach near here. On Saturday mornings, I'd drive to his place and we'd take his jeep to the nude beach. We'd stay the morning and then return to his condo." 

She giggled, "When we got back to his place, we'd shower together, get in bed, he would eat my pussy and I'd suck his dick. Then we'd fuck. I'd usually spend the weekend with him. He's also the guy who invited a friend of his over for the threesomes." 

Pushing back, she tightened her pelvic floor and then relaxed. Wiggling her butt, she laughingly whispered, "And, I went out on a few of dates with some of the grad students, which would, occasionally, end up as a one night stand; that's not quite right, I had one night stands with all of them."

Laughing, I asked, "And how many 'dates' did you go out on?"

Kissing my nose, she whispered, "Three, huh, no; there were four."

"And you went to bed with all four of them?"

With an evil, teasing grin, she said, in a sexy, low voice, "No. I didn't go to bed with all of them." Leaning down she stuck the tip of her tongue in my ear.

I arched my eyebrows and looked at her questioningly.

Giggling, she rocked her hips, squirmed and whispered, "I said, I had one night stands with all of them. I didn't say, I fucked all of them in a bed." 

She suddenly gasped and collapsed back down on me, she nuzzled my ear and started gently panting; a soft "Oh..." escaped her. Her vaginal muscles squeezed my cock; she started trembling, gasping and shuddered through an orgasm.

The wet heat, her small abdominal ripples, and the shudders I felt as her whole body gave way to her orgasm set me off. I surged upward and emptied my load in her. My hands were still holding her bottom and her arms were now wrapped around my shoulders as we came down from our surprising mutual orgasms.

A moist, muffled giggle tickled my ear, she whispered, "That, snuck up on me."

We lay there holding each other for a few minutes catching our breath. Gradually we started making love again. Our pace was slow and gentle. We moved to the spoon position, to the missionary position, then rolled over putting Billie back on top; her favorite position. 

With her face buried in the side of my neck, she lovingly whispered, "I love you so much; and, thank you, for being, you."

I kissed her neck and hugged her tightly, whispering, "Sweetheart, I love you and I'll love you forever, no matter what."

We continued to make love, our passion slowly evolving into something more animalistic. We couldn't seem to get enough of each other. I was pulling her sweet ass down hard trying to push my cock in her deeper. Billie was using her hips, working, rocking almost obscenely in an attempt to take me in deeper. 

I felt her head start making little nodding circles, her breaths coming in gasps, spasms running through her abdomen. Her body started tensing, finally convulsing as her orgasm washed over her. Her heat, desire and love engulfed me. 

Clasping her to me, my orgasm was triggered by the intensity of hers. Pushing up into her hard, I growled in her ear and erupted. We were wrapped in on another's arms, panting endearments in ear other's ear.

Collapsing on top of me, she started snickering and pushed up, looking me in the eye. With a happy grin, she kissed me and suppressing another laugh, exclaimed, "WOW! Don't take this wrong, but when are you going back to sea? I can do with more homecomings like this!"

Laughing myself, I smacked her bottom, eliciting a laughing yelp from her. She put her forehead against mine, and I told her, "I know why you want me to go back to sea, its so you can hook back up with your two amigos."

Lifting her head up just high enough so we could focus our eyes on each other, she gave me a rather sassy smile and whispered in a roguish manner, "But honey, we have an open marriage, I don't need you to go back to sea just so I can fuck them."

"Ah, ha!" I exclaimed, "You do want to fuck them again!"

Biting her lower lip, she stretched out on me, buried her head in my neck and in a faint mischievous tone, murmured; "Oh, I wouldn't say, no, to fucking them; again."

"You wouldn't?"

"Well, let's say you went out on one of those two week long training exercises; or, or had overnight duty or something and I got horny." she grinned.

"Honey, if you want to have sex with them, go for it. You can even go out on dates with them, if you want to."

"No. I didn't do that when you were able to come home while I was in school and I won't do it now."

"But, you would like to have sex with them again."

Biting her lower lip, she nodded her head and barely audible, whispered, "Yeah. I would."

"One or both of them?"

She gently laughed, saying, "I'd like to do both of them. " 

Pausing, she blushed a little. "Fuck, I can't believe I'm talking to you about me fucking other guys when you just got back home!" Billie suddenly sat straight up and looked down. 

I muttered, "Oops, sorry." My cock had slipped out of her.

She got up on her knees, looked at the puddle of spunk on my abdomen, laughed and said, "Oh, this reminds me..."

I interrupted her and looking at the mess, asked, "This reminds you, of, what?" 

Giggling, she kissed me, and then said, "It reminded me of our first threesome with Ned. Which, in turn, reminded me: he wants us to come over this afternoon to meet Randi. Now, please, don't get mad. I tried to talk him out of it but he was so insistent, I finally gave in."

I wasn't happy, but the pleading look on her face combined with her big brown eyes was so compelling, I gave in, without a fuss and told her, "All right, we'll go."

Her look of relieved joy made me a little suspicious. What, I thought, were they up to? She had happily settled back down, cleaned the spooze off my belly and snuggled up to me. With my arms around her warm body, we both dozed off.

I woke to a warm, wet, extraordinarily pleasant sucking sensation being applied to my hard cock. Something soft was gently brushing back and forth across my thighs and lower abdomen. Looking down, I found my loving wife with my cock in her mouth.

She looked up and smiled around my erection. I asked her, "Want to come up here?"

"Nah huh, won suk ou off." Her attempts to talk around my hard on were quite titillating.

A few minutes later, I moaned, "Gonna cum..." and started ejaculating. She happily swallowed it all down.

Looking up at me again, she wiped her lips and said, "We'd better get ready to go over to Ned's."

We rolled out of bed to get ready. Billie asked, "What do you think I should wear?"

"Jeans and a tee-shirt would probably be okay."

"Nay, it's too hot for jeans."

We ate a quick light lunch, took showers and got dressed. I wore a soft short-sleeved khaki shirt, a pair of faded navy blue Ocean Pacific shorts and boat shoes.

When Billie came into the living room she was gorgeous. She had picked a transparent pale-yellow, tie front top, which allowed her breasts and nipples to be totally visible. It tied just under her breasts leaving her flat, toned abdomen bare. 

To go with the top, she had decided on a miniskirt she had made from an old pair of hip-rider elephant leg jeans. The little skirt rode low on her hips and the hem was just a few inches below her crotch. It was well made; she'd done a really good job on it.

Watching her as she moved about the bedroom I started to laugh. When she asked me what was funny, I told her, "Honey, do you have something planned, like fucking Ned again? 

Standing up straight, slightly pigeon-toed, with her hands clasped behind her back and swinging her shoulders; she looked much younger. With an almost evil little snicker she said, "Oh, I wouldn't mind fucking Ned again. Why do you ask?"

Laughing, I told her, "Your halter-top and skirt doesn't leave anything to the imagination." 

She was in a really playful and naughty mood; answering, "So? It's nothing Ned hasn't seen before," giggling, "or hasn't fucked before..." She then grinned, "or hasn't had the pleasure of tasting, and I have to admit, he's pretty good with his tongue." 

I put my arms around her, nuzzled her ear and kissed her. I whispered, "I love it when you're being bad." I then said, "I reckon we'd better get going." There was no doubt in my mind; something had been planned and I suspected it was going to be fun.

As we pulled into Ned's driveway, a very attractive, slim brunette was outside. She waved and hollered for Ned. He came bounding out of the house but stopped short, laughing when he saw Billie getting out of our Land Cruiser.

Billie's free-spirited nature made her careless about how she got out of a vehicle. When she wore a dress or skirt, it was very entertaining and titillating. An exhibitionist at heart, she always got a thrill if she flashed someone. 

She did make an effort, but her hem still rode up providing us a wonderful view of her neatly groomed pussy. Throwing her arms around Ned's neck and giving him a hug hiked her skirt up, again, this time exposing her tanned butt and the freshly shaved cleft underneath. Ned and I loved it; Randi yelped with laughter.

Ned introduced us to Randi. She was about five feet five inches tall and maybe one hundred ten pounds with dark brunette hair, which hung to her shoulders; brown eyes, a nice tan and like Billie, she was barefooted.

She was dressed as sexy and provocatively as Billie, in a thin, off-white, loose-weave cotton halter-top mini dress, which allowed two small, dark areolas and a smallish, dark pubic patch to be teasingly visible. I hoped I'd be doing her before too much longer.

She hugged both of us saying, "Ned's told me all about the two of you!"

Laughing, I arched my eyebrows and asked, "He has?"

"Yeah, well, he's told me almost everything..." She teasingly smiled.

"Almost everything? Ned, what haven't you told her?"

This supposedly first meeting almost seemed rehearsed. With the way Billie and Randi were dressed, I was starting to get an erection.

Ned laughed and led us inside. Randi and Billie started whispering together. It appeared they knew each other. They sat together on the sofa; Ned and I sat in dinning room chairs across from them. Thankfully, the low coffee table didn't obstruct the view of either of them.

Randi, laughing, said, "He has told me you two were the most uninhibited, sexually open and free spirited couple he'd ever met."

Ned and I were mesmerized watching Billie and Randi as they talked. Both of them were full of life and very animated bouncing all over the sofa. It appeared, to me, as if they had known each other for a while, which made me wonder, was this going where I hoped it was?

Watching the two of them was a voyeur's dream. Billie can rarely sit in a dress and keep her legs together at the best of times and apparently Randi was the same. Both of them were constantly flashing us and I was beginning to believe they were deliberately doing so.

Billie was kneeling, sitting back on her feet. Her knees were naturally spread and her skirt was up to her hips, which put her carefully groomed little pubic patch and freshly shaved outer labia on display. It was, also, obvious she'd recently had sex as her labia were still puffy and, appeared wet.

Randi was slightly turned toward Billie, which allowed her legs to open. Her mini-dress had hiked up exposing her dark pubic patch, which was closely trimmed, nicely framing her pussy. She, too, appeared aroused.

Grinning at Ned and I, Billie impishly asked, "Are you guys looking at our pussies?"

We looked at one another, smiled and said in unison, "Yeah, we are." This time we weren't embarrassed to be caught as we had been in the desert when Billie had busted us for staring at her pussy while she was on her hands and knees packing up our tent.

I watched, as Randi looked a Billie with a huge grin. Suspicious, I asked them, "Was this planned?"

Girlish giggles came from both of them as they nodded their heads affirmatively. I turned and looked at Ned; he, too, was grinning to beat the band. Laughing, I asked him, "Were you in on this, too?" He nodded his head.

Turning to the one person I thought was probably the major instigator, I asked her, "Okay sweetheart, was this your idea?"

With a big happy smile, she told me, "Yeah, we wanted to give you a welcome home surprise party." 

Looking at the three of them, I asked, "And when did the three of you plan this?"

My wife gave me a Cheshire cat grin, and said, "They called me on Wednesday the third week after you were deployed and asked me if I'd like to come over for dinner that Sunday evening." 

Grinning back at her, I asked, "And, besides eating dinner, what else, did the three of you get up to?" 
