 My best friend and I had known each other for about 10 years when I turned his wife into a whore stripper. His wife, Patty, was 5'2", with long curly brunette hair, fair skin, real DD tits and a sexy hourglass figure. She had lovely toned legs, a nice firm but and a seductive smile. 

When Patty and I were around each other, we'd always seems to flirt with one another, especially when there was alcohol involved. We would talk about sexy things we like to do, and even did some petting from time to time. When Patty and I flirted, it always got the attention of my wife and caused her to come and check on us when we would disappear. Those nights are when my wife and I had the best sex of our relationship. I had longed to have sex with Patty, and honestly she was a part of many late night masturbation sessions. My best friend, on the other hand, didn't seem to even care; he was always off drinking with friends.

It was August 14th when our entire relationship changed. My wife was out of town visiting her mother up north, while my best friend was attending a college out of the area for a semester. I thought was the perfect alignment of events to allow Patty and me to finally have sex. 

Early in the week, Patty and I talked about getting together Sunday night and going out to dinner. No reason that both of us should eat alone. Throughout the week I texted her several times, asking about what she wanted to do on our "date." What sexy outfit she was going to wear for our "date." I asked her to wear her sexy black dress that I'd seen her wear before. The perfect dress that made her firm ass look so perfect I'd want to devour it. I told her I'd pick her up at 6 p.m. 

Sunday finally arrived; I had made all the arrangements for our date. I made sure to groom myself and wore Patty's favorite cologne. I dressed to kill: a nice blue Express shirt and pinstriped black dress pants.

I picked her up promptly at 6, and she was looking exactly as I had imagined all week long. She was wearing her sexy black dress and black heals. My jaw dropped with I saw her. Her ass looked amazing and her tits were about to spill out. She also wore my favorite thing that a woman can wear: red lipstick. I handed her the one yellow rose I had brought her and told her how luscious she looked. I knew that we were going to have a great time that night. 

The car ride to the restaurant started out quiet, with the sexual tension thick in the air. Soon we were talking about our lives and what had happened that week. At dinner we started talking about her sex life with her husband, my best friend. She was complaining that he never wanted to have sex, that she always had to either force him to have sex with her or she would just do it herself. Of course I said I didn't know why he wouldn't have sex with her every day. I asked if she had considered finding another outlet for her sexual needs, since her husband wasn't fulfilling her needs. The conversation went on and the drinks kept coming. I could tell we were both getting sexually aroused. The stares got longer and the touching got more frequent. When it came time for desert, I moved to her side. You know, so we could share the desert better. Soon my hand was on her thigh and hers was on mine. While we were eating desert we had a contest, who could tease the other the most. I would run my hand up her thigh and stop, and she would trace my cock with her fingertips. 

Somehow the conversation turned and she started talking about turning her husband into a cuckold. Apparently he would get excited when Patty and I would flirt so she thought that if she turned him into a cuckold, he would have more sex with her. Once she said that, an idea popped into my head what would change her forever.

I mentioned to her that Sunday was amateur night at the local strip club, and that if she was serious about cuckolding her husband, what better place to try out some moves on a bunch of men. At first she gave me the "you're kidding me" look. Then she thought about it for a minute and said, "I'll at least go and see what it's like." When she said that, I knew she was mine.

I paid the check and started driving her home. When we got there, she asked why we weren't heading to the strip club. I told her because she had to change. She looked at me for a second and knew I was serious. She asked what she should wear and I said, "Some slutty lingerie, high heels and something to cover it all up." My bluntness caught her off guard. She was frozen for a couple seconds, then I told her, "Get your ass in there and changed, now." I had always known she was the kind of girl that likes to be commanded.

We went inside and I sat down on their couch to wait. When she was walking way, I said, "Before you cover up what lingerie you'll be wearing, I want to see it. And don't be playing with yourself while you're in there." I wanted to make sure her attire would get the job done, and to make sure she was as horny as possible. 

She came out a couple of minutes later in all black lingerie. She had on black stockings, a lace G-string, and a lace bra. From a few feet away, I could see through all of her clothes. I paused for a minute and drank her in. I asked her to spin around and the view from behind was amazing. It took all I had to not grab her right there and fuck the shit out of her. I stopped myself and thought it would be even better later. I did, however, pull out my camera phone and snap a couple pictures.

She put on a heavy winter coat, and we drove to the strip club. While she was changing, I had called the club and entered her into the amateur contest. The guy running the club informed me that tonight's contest was going to be difficult to win, and that the girls would have to be willing to "go the extra mile." I told him that was why we were coming.

I pulled up to the strip club, turned the car off and was about to open my door when Patty stopped me. I looked at her and could tell she was very nervous. She said she didn't know if she wanted to go through with it. I stared deep into her lustful eyes as I ran my left hand up her leg. Her body was shaking more and more as I got closer to her pussy. I went the last final inch and felt her wet pussy and looked into her eyes and said, "Your pussy is soaking wet from just thinking about it." Patty knew I was right and that she wanted it to her core. I told her that I would protect her while we were in the club to make sure nothing got out of hand. But I said I wanted half of any money that she made that night. She accepted my offer and we started walking to the door. 

When I got to the door, I said, "This is Jessica, my girlfriend, who is here to compete tonight. I talked to the owner and she should be on the list." He asked her to open her jacket to make sure she was "acceptable." Patty complied and the guy's mouth about dropped when she opened her jacket. I knew this was going to be easy money.

We walked in and were escorted to a back dressing room while we waited for the contest to start. Tonight's contest was worth $1,500 and there were only 3 other girls, but they were sexy. I told "Jessica" that she was going to have to try really hard to win, not to hold back and overall to have fun. 

She had a dazed look in her eyes now; she didn't know what to do. I told her just to pretend that she was dancing for me. The lustful look soon returned and I knew we were going to win.

Soon the contest started and it was Patty's turn. I made sure to be in the front row, ensuring sure she was comfortable and safe. When she hit that stage, you could tell she was a natural, the way her hips and hands moved over her body and how she teased the other men. You could also tell her panties were soaking wet. Men were holding out cash all around the stage. She had watched some of the other dancers and learned how to take money from the men. She was letting them lick her breasts and grab a handful of ass while she took their cash. 

Soon the dance was over and the owner came on stage to announce the winner. He proudly said "Jessica" had won the contest and the $1,500 cash. Patty was in shock for a couple minutes, but the owner took her back to the back room again so the regular show could get started. I followed them back and he handed her the cash. She then gave it to me to hold since she didn't have any pockets. 

The owner said that she was welcome to work whenever she wanted and that she gave a great show. We thanked him, she put her lingerie back on and we walked out of the backroom to the main floor. I asked her if she was ready to make some real money now and she gave me a puzzled look. I told her the real money is in private dances and that I was sure she could make another $1,500 tonight if she wanted to. 

She, of course, said yes. I said she should probably practice on me before strangers so she was more comfortable. Once I said that, she was practically dragging me into the backroom.

There wasn't anyone else in there yet. I sat down and she started going to work. She was grinding her ass into my crouch and putting my head between her large DD breasts. I was in heaven. Soon my hands were all over her, rubbing her nipples and fingering her pussy. It wasn't long before she was coming all over my pants. She started to get up thinking she was done, but I pulled her back down and told her she wasn't done until I said so. Then I forced her head into my lap. She got the idea and was soon ripping my pants off. She gave the best blowjob I have ever had to this day. Her tongue and hands worked together and soon I was ready to blow. I held her head in my hands and fucked her mouth as I shot all of my cum into her throat. 

She swallowed most of it, then got on top of me and shoved my still hard cock into her soaking wet pussy. She started to bounce up and down on me as fast as she could. Then she smiled really big and gave me a big wet kiss with her tongue, which still had some of my cum on it. I then realized my wife had told her about my weird fantasy of liking to get a little after taste of my own work.

We fucked as hard and as fast as we could, and soon she was cumming all over my cock and I was shooting another load deep into her pussy. After about a minute of heavy panting by both of us, she started rocking her hips again trying to go another round. I told her I couldn't and finally looked around and noticed one of the bouncers watching us while stroking his cock. She saw him too and got off of me and started walking towards him. I then grabbed her arm and told her to sit down.

I walked up to the guy and asked him if he wanted a blowjob or a fuck. He said both, so I told him that would be $200, he would have 10 minutes and would have to wear a condom at all times. He agreed, put a condom on and walked over to her. Patty didn't hesitate and started to blow him.

It didn't take long before the word was out about my slutty "girlfriend" in the backroom was giving out more than just a dance. I figured as much and raised the price to $500 for everyone else that night, which turned out to be 7 other men, which all thankfully behaved themselves. It was a sight to see her take them all. Most were middle-aged white men, who would fuck Patty as hard and as fast as they could in regular missionary style. When they would pop, they shot their loads all over her tits.

It was the last guy that really did her in. He was a bald, tall, muscular black man, who took his time with her. He started by going down on her. She was going crazy, holding his head firm to her soaking pussy. You could tell he knew what we was doing. Soon a few of his fingers found their way into her pussy. After a few strokes, he would add another, until he had 4 deep inside of her. At this point she was on a continuous roll from orgasm to orgasm. 

When he was satisfied she was ready, he stood up and removed his pants and his large black dick flopped out. I'll never forget the look on her face when she saw it, nor how fast she got onto her knees in front of him. Her look was of purr lust. She was gone and would do anything asked of her. She took his cock into her month bare, trying to take as much as she could. He then grabbed the back of her head and started face fucking her pretty mouth, making her take him deeper and deeper. You could tell she was having a hard time breathing, so I stepped in and said that was enough of that. He let her go and she popped off of his dick, gasping for air. But that didn't stop her, she wanted him deep in her pussy.

She got up on the chair on all fours, with her ass sticking up, inviting his bare cock into her pussy. I almost wasn't fast enough, because he tried plunging into her bare. As much as I would have liked to see her take him bare and see him explode inside of her, completing her slut transformation, it would be hard to explain a black baby. With the condom on, he didn't waste any time. He plunged into her and started pounding her deep. She was thrashing around cuming over and over until finally he pulled out. He flipped her over like a rag doll, ripped off the condom and shot his load deep down Patty's throat. Her eyes were bulging as he shot stream after stream. I was proud of her taking him and not spilling a drop. After he was done with her, he pulled up his pants and handed me some more money as a tip. Patty had collapsed in the chair, she was so drained that she couldn't even sit up, let alone stand. 

I picked her up and carried her out to the car, laid her down in the back seat and started to drive home. She thanked me over and over again; she said she finally felt satisfied. 

I took her home, helped her shower and get to bed. I stayed with her all night and the next morning we made love in their bed and I again emptied another load into her womb. I told her she had made $3,200 that night. From that point forward, every chance we got, we were at the club making more money. Soon it became a private endeavor that was easier to manage. I always made sure she was safe and she always made sure I was satisfied. Soon we found out I was the father of the child Patty was carrying. 

To this day, we are still with our respective spouses. My wife knows that Patty's son is mine but my best friend, Patty's husband, does not. I also have three other children, two girls and one boy all with other women, but that's another story.