 (Sorry about the delay in the latest installment of my sister and her young lover.  We both took our summer vacations and she didn’t get her draft to me until a couple of weeks ago.  Took me a little more effort to edit this one with the one added character and the revelation that this young man got to experience what most men only fantasize about.  Got me too excited!  Hope it does the same for you…guys for the fantasy, and gals, especially you young at heart gals, thinking of experiencing a young man like David and well, another…)      

Reese and David have shared one another before breakfast, now they share the morning with a friend…  

  I still had the freshness of the wonderful orgasm blanketing me warmly, still in the strong arms of my young lover when I heard the voice, just outside my kitchen…  

  "How’s everyone this morning?" My girlfriend MacKenzie asked as she slipped off her sunglasses and looked up to where David and I remained backed against my kitchen table.  Her eyes immediately noticed our naked bodies. "Oh... I see..." she said with a tone of voice that sounded less than surprised.

  David and I froze and looked once at each other and then back at Mac as she kicked off her running shoes.  Suddenly I felt very self-conscious about my nakedness even though she and I had been together intimately ourselves for several months now.

		*	*	*	*	*

  I couldn’t believe Reese’s friend had walked in on us.  When I finally got over my initial surprise of getting caught, nearly in the act, I turned around and the first thing my eyes settled on were two very full breasts being accentuated by the tight sports bra Mac was wearing.  I know my speechless, but wide open mouth gave away my less than gentlemanly tact.  

  “Bill came and got the kids for his weekend them first thing this morning.  So I decided I had not been for a good run in a long time and it was such a nice morning out, obviously something you two would not know about,” MacKenzie nodded perceptibly to our mutual nakedness, “so I ran the three or so miles over here.”

  As she spoke she walked up beside Reese.  I oddly took notice of her shorter, but very nice looking legs.  Last night at the party she had worn a skirt and I remembered how good they looked.  But they looked even sexier now, tanned, with a sheen of perspiration and her muscles flexed from her recent exertion.  Looking back up a little higher it was obvious Mac was also filling out her black running shorts in a very sexy way.  

  Now the two lovely women stood together beside the table Reese and I had just made love on as I leaned back against the kitchen counter and stared at them both.  

  Mac looked back at me, first in the face and then very obviously down between my legs.  “I see what you two have had for breakfast.  So, what’s next on the agenda for this Saturday morning?”

		*	*	*	*	*

  Without waiting for either of us to answer, my girl Mac pulled the sports bra she was wearing up over her head.  Those very full breasts of hers that I am so jealous of spilled out.   

  "Do you think these are too big or just too soft?" she asked, cupping the generous mounds in her hands and actually pointing her hardening nipples up at me. 

  I looked back in David’s direction and I swear his jaw dropped with a bounce off the cool tile of the kitchen floor seeing Mac’s lovely nips sticking up ever so proudly.

  “Well, what do you think, stud boy?  Are they?”  She turned and bobbed them up and down more in his direction.

  "Uh, no," the poor young man said with too high-pitched a tone, he cleared his throat and purposely spoke with a deeper voice, “I mean, uh, they're perfect.”

  “Really?  You're so sweet, but they just seem to have gotten so soft in the last couple years.  What do you think Ree-girl?”  Mac asked turning back at me and practically shoving those melons under my nose. 

  “You know what I think about them, lover,” I said as I reached up and hefted the full right globe of womanly warmth.  “I wish I had half of what you’ve got.  I’m just so lucky to say I have had them for a few months now.”  I leaned down and gave her erect pebble of a left nipple a quick little kiss.

  “Mmm, you can just keep being envious if you do that more often.”  Mac said as she patted my head.  “Only I think I have some catching up to do here.”     

  With that she pushed my head away from her chest.  David and I both watched as she next slipped off her running shorts.     

		*	*	*	*	*

  My head was spinning as I looked at these two women.  I was beside myself thinking, here I was, in an older woman’s kitchen, just having made love to that older woman and now I was watching the same gorgeous woman tease her girlfriend’s nipple.  But that was nothing…

  Before my unbelieving eyes MacKenzie slipped off her black running shorts and let them fall to the kitchen floor.  Then, as she looked back up at Reese, she shoved her hands under the waistband of her dark blue panties and so obviously began to play with herself.  All the knuckles of her fingers pushed that skimpy underwear out and I did not have to fantasize much to know just where most of those fingertips were rooting around.   

  As if on cue, and as if it were a mirror image, Reese lowered her own hands between her legs and mimicked Mac’s movements.  Only I could see exactly where Reese’s fingers were delving as her underwear had long since been discarded last night in her bedroom, in her bed we had shared.   

		*	*	*	*	*

  I had been masturbating since I was a girl of thirteen, but at that very moment, there in my own kitchen I could not even have imagined how much more erotic masturbation could have been.  It’s not like it was the first time I had watched another woman masturbate and then joined her, but now, with the smell of our mutual arousal competing with the aroma of the rich coffee David had made, the look of sheer passion on Mac’s face was almost overwhelming.

  Mac and I made eye contact and then as if reading one another’s mind we both looked over and saw young David looking intently at us.    

  "Well, someone seems entranced by my wares this morning.”  Mac exclaimed noticing that David’s eyes had not left her crotch.  “Don’t you now David?” 

  "Sure," he said, finally looking up at my lesbian lover’s smiling face, then over at me.  He gave my body a lingering once-over now.  Okay, so his looking at Mac like he had did leave me feeling jealous for a moment, but the way he ogled me now left all that behind.  

  But neither David nor I had time to stare at one another as my dark haired lover took the few strides between her and David.  She met him and reached up to drape her arms around my younger lover’s neck.  The tiptoe pose parted her legs somewhat and the wetness she had generated was distinctly displayed in the crotch of her blue undies.  I’m positively sure it was not because of her morning run they were that damp.  The thought of her being aroused that much turned me on even more.    

  “Come down her a sec, stud.” Mac called up to his full six-plus foot height.  I watched David bend down slightly and she lifted up still further on her white sock footed tiptoes.  She whispered loud enough so I could still hear, "That must have been a fantastic breakfast you two had earlier," she told him. "Reese is so very lucky to have had you already."  Then I watched as her tongue, the one I knew so fondly, extend out to lick his earlobe.  "Would you be interested in having two for brunch?"

  I don’t know if I had seen a man blush and eyes bug out as much as David’s did just then.  His morning stubble-covered cheeks turned a deep rosy color, as his wide eyes met mine.  Then Mac grinned back over her shoulder at me, "Reese, want to help me serve David here a nice brunch buffet?"

  “What do you think David?  Our shower can wait can’t it?”  I smiled and then winked at my naked male lover standing there hunched over with a petite, mostly naked woman, my lady lover, draped over the front of him.   

		*	*	*	*	*

  I didn’t know what to say.

  Here stood a woman I was crazy about and had had last night and this morning.  I wanted her.  I really enjoyed Reese.  I wanted Reese. 

  But now as I watched her girlfriend walk back toward her, now both beside that kitchen table, all I could think of was seeing what was under those tight panties across Mac’s butt. 

  "Think this will do the trick?" Mac asked as she got on the table and carefully splayed her legs open.

  How many more times would my jaw drop and my eyes bug out of their sockets.  Mac lay back on display, the obvious wet oval of a wet spot on her panties, for all to see.  The panties were simple cotton ones but the wet blue stain in the crotch was absolutely intoxicating.  

  “Come here David.”  I heard Reese beckon me and without hesitating I walked to her.  She reached up and touched my cheek with her soft fingers.  I felt the electricity.  “I'm sure David finds you as attractive as I do.  Doesn't she have the prettiest legs David?"  Reese asked me, running her other hand up and down Mac’s upper thigh.  

  As Reese stroked Mac's thigh, I reached out and slid my hand up and down her calf a few times.  I noticed how soft and smooth, and feminine her leg was.  I slid my hand up further, over her knee to her thigh.  Reese was right, her legs were beautiful.

  Then I watched as Reese took the toes of Mac’s right foot into her mouth and sucked on each one in turn.  When she got to the big toe her girlfriend let out a breathy moan.  I looked up to Mac’s face as she laid back and her eyes were closed tight.  By the time I looked back down I found Reese licking up across Mac’s shin.  When she got to where her hand was on the bare thigh she paused and bit her girlfriend there.  This elicited another moan, but a louder one from Mac.  The other soft thigh I was touching trembled and I could feel the goose bumps emerge under my fingers.  I also stared at the sexy sight of her wet panty-clad crotch again.  Reese’s hands now slid up over those panties and beyond to Mac’s stomach.  It was not as taut as Reese’s, nor was it as tanned, but her smooth lighter skin was still so sexy.  Reese began rubbing her fingertips around her navel, and I saw Mac’s muscles underneath twitch.

  I ran my own fingers along the leg opening of her panties.  Her hips pushed upward and my palm slipped over her crotch, her damp panties leaving a silky wetness on my skin.

  "Do you want him to take them off, Love?"  Reese asked Mac softly, before running her hand over mine, over the crotch of her panties.  “He can feel how wet you are.  Can’t you David?”

  “Yes, and she’s soaked.  Does she always get this wet?" I was genuinely curious.

  "Sometimes Lover, and usually on special occasions like this morning." Reese almost breathed more than spoke and then turned to Mac.  "So do you want him to take them off, baby?”

  Mac nodded.  "Please.  Take my panties off, David."

  I looked into Reese eyes and then saw her smile.  "You heard the lady.  Take her wet drawers off.”

  “Let’s do it together." I said as I stared into her beautiful face.  Without another word, we each reached underneath Mac together and slowly drew down her underwear. 

		*	*	*	*	*

  David and I both slid our hands around Mac’s hips and then under her body until we snagged the waistband of her underwear.  Mac raised her bottom from the table, presenting her stained panties to us. "Please," she pleaded.  Mac really was in a sexual frenzy already.  David and I began to slip the skimpy damp undies down her hips.

  As soon as my bisexual lover’s pubic region came into view, I could hear David gasp.    

		*	*	*	*	*

  Mac lifted both legs into the air for Reese and I and let us slide her panties off, up and over her feet.  When she let her legs drop back down and spread her knees open my jaw dropped to the floor for the third time that morning.    I stared at the ‘V’ of Mac’s legs and all I could think of was how I could not believe the difference in two women as far as their most intimate parts were concerned.  Her pussy was covered with the thickest patch of dark black hair I had ever seen.  It was a stark contrast to Reese’s lighter colored and thin strip of pubic hair.    

  “Oh, I see you noticed I’m pretty thick in the pubes department.”  Mac said as she ran her fingers down across her stomach and slashed through her thick pussy hair and then fluffed them up some.  “When I was younger, and throughout my marriage, I used to trim it into a neat dark triangle.  I let it go after the divorce and only trimmed it back on occasion.  But after Reese told me on our first night together how much she loved my thick bush I’ve just let it grow naturally.”

  “Isn’t it hot David?”  Reese nudged me.

  I gasped. "Yea, but geez, I’ve never seen such a thick, well, you know that before.”  I nodded down between her legs.   

  “I know.  It was amazing the first time I saw her like that too.  I never realized how it would make a woman like Mac look so extra sexy.”  Reese added as she put her hand on top of Mac’s and they both ran their fingers through that mass of black tangles.    

  Mac pressed her fingers further between her own legs and started to spread the pubic hair aside and push open the lips to reveal the moist pinkness underneath.  I was content to watch her just continue play with herself. 

  But Reese had a different idea…and for the fourth time since Mac had walked in on us that morning, my jaw fell open…

		*	*	*	*	*

  I bent down and kissed my girl’s wetness while her fingers held her lips open.

  David must have liked what he saw because I heard a drastic gasp from him and out of the corner of my eye I saw his cock was beginning to twitch back to life.  What a stud my young man was turning out to be.   

  "Mmmm..." I moaned into my lover's girl sex, then lifted my head just enough to look up at Mac over her bare body.  "You taste so good this morning, dear.  By the way, David and I have not eaten breakfast yet if you must know.  But I think I’m going to enjoy this appetizer."  

  I buried my face back into Mac’s sex.  I gave it a couple of kisses and then went lower until I extended my tongue and ran it from the bottom of her slit to the top, up until I flicked against her clitoris.

  “Ooooo.” Mac moaned above me, “That’s what I need lover.”

  I looked up at her face and winked as I circled her little bud a few more times with my pointed tongue.

  “David, why don’t you join me?”   

		*	*	*	*	*

  “David, why don’t you join me?”  Reese called up to me as I looked down upon her ministrations upon the younger woman’s sex.   

  I could see Mac’s swollen pussy lips even under all that thick curl of black pubic hair.  I said nothing but got on my knees before the table and between Mac’s legs.  I leaned forward to where Reese was busy pleasuring her already.  I immediately took in Mac’s odor.  She smelled so different from Reese, still very nice, but different.  I wondered how different she would taste.  I bent in closer and slid my tongue between her wet lips and licked slowly upward trying to mimic what Reese had done just a moment ago.  I tasted her musky flavor.  Again it was very good, different from Reese, but still very good.

  I heard Mac moan like she had done for Reese also.  “Oooooo.”   

  I licked her a few more times and turned my head slightly to gaze closely into Reese’s eyes.

		*	*	*	*	*

  I watched David as he went down on Mac, looking as if he was hungry, hungry for more than just breakfast.  Mac moaned that familiar sensual noise from deep in her lungs as she pushed her crotch hard into his face.  I knew she was enjoying this.  I felt my own pussy tingle as I could see my new lover easing back now, just barely making contact with her Mac’s messy black mound of hair, as he extended his tongue and began to piston it in and out of her a few times.

  "Oh, yes!"  Mac raised her head from the table and looked up at me.  “It feels so good, Reese.  Honey, he’s gonna get me off, you know that don’t you?”

  She started making her little sexy noises that always turned me on when we were together.  I suddenly wanted to put my own tongue on her luscious slit.  I looked up into her face and her eyes widened as mine met hers.  Then she licked her lips and asked, "Do you want to lick something else, dear?"

  I licked my own lips and smiled, but before I could say anything she reached out and tapped a finger on my erect right nipple.  I must have jumped. 

  "Or shall I suck on this first," she cooed, "I want to suck your nip.  I know how much you like it when I do."

  With all the inspiration David was providing her and in turn me with the sexy noises he was making down between her thighs I couldn’t resist.  I leaned forward and placed my nipple in Mac’s mouth.  Her mouth was as warm and wet as ever and felt so good wrapped around my erect nipple.  I sighed as she started flicking it with her tongue.  

  I could feel her hips moving below me, hitting against my hip.  I knew she was riding David’s face.  She started sucking my nipple in and out, slowly at first and then faster and harder until we were both moaning as she sucked my nipple furiously.  At the same time I could hear David even more noisily sucking her pussy.  The more I heard his sloppy wet sounding attack, the more I wanted to taste my other girl lover again.  

  I just had to.  

  I pulled my chest away from Mac’s mouth and the nipple made a loud wet ‘pop’ as it did.  I quickly knelt down beside David, between her legs with him.  David paused to turn his head to look at me and smile.  I could see how wet my girl was just from where she glistened off my newest lover’s face.  I looked and found that delicious pussy of hers inches from both our faces.  It wasn’t fair David was all smeared with her love juices and I wasn’t, I was eager to get my own messy look.  

  As much as I tried to be patient, the moment I placed my tongue on Mac’s pussy I was lost.  I pressed down hard, letting her juices squeeze out and surround my tongue.  I eagerly lapped at her.  I worked my tongue around, but avoided her clit.  I sensed I would have made her cum too quickly had my knowing tongue found that excited morsel too soon.  I wanted her to enjoy this for as long as possible and I knew I would go crazy myself having my mouth so close but not touch it.  It would be a sweet torture for the both of us.  

  I felt Mac move and looked up as she draped her legs over both our shoulders and with her hands, pushed our heads together and then pulled us in closer to her.  Neither David nor I hesitated as we both pushed our faces even tighter to her crotch.  David started to tongue her clit as I was down below making my own obscene noises sucking between Mac’s abundantly wet pussy lips.  

  I made long, slow licks as I watched David sometimes press Mac’s clit firmly, other times he teased softly and rapidly as a butterfly dusting its wings over it.  This young man knew how to do a woman orally.  I had felt it last night and today already, but I was sure I was going to get off now just being able to watch his technique up close and personal.  I knew how Mac liked to be licked and I thought sure no one knew what a woman wanted more than another woman.  But I suddenly felt inadequate as David expertly played upon my girlfriend. 

  Mac began to lift herself up to meet both our mouths, setting her own rocking motion now.  I fastened my mouth more firmly to her.  My tongue played into that sopping hole as I eyed David’s tongue assault her most sensitive little button.  I could keenly feel her muscles begin to shake.  David was busy flicking away as I made sloppy wet noises, chin bumping my head repeatedly.
