 Nobody under eighteen, this is pure fantasy, any resemblance to anyone living or dead or in between is just ridiculous. Try to be civil in your comments please. Yes, it is over the top. If thats not your cup of tea, just move along, go watch tv.  

* 

John O'Reilly was feeling blue.

He had just broken up with his long term girlfriend. She was polishing another guys knob in her mouth, and John caught her, and her guy-du-jour. 

Needless to say, she was ejected from his apartment and his life, all the while begging forgiveness, which won't happen again. It was not the first time he caught her, but it would be her last with him!

She said it was only a blowjob.

He had never heard that one before, except in presidential discussions. 

He was absolutely sure it wouldn't happen again, because he was kicking her to the curb. She was now someone else's problem! 

His girlfriend, well his former girlfriend, really did love to give head. One of her fantasies was to give a football team a blowbang, with her doing the blowing. Well now she need only pick a team!

John would miss her body. She was built like the proverbial brick shithouse. Big, big tits, tiny waist, wide hips and bubble butt, vied for attention with her beautiful blue eyes and blonde hair. Her pink nipples were extremely sensitive, she could cum from nipple sucking and tweaking! Too bad she was such a slut. Too bad she wasn't HIS slut. She would make some poor asshole a fine cuckold husband but it sure as shit would not be him!

*******

John sold drugs. No, nothing illegal, he worked as a pharmaceutical rep, talking to doctors about new drugs on the market, always trying to make the sale. 

He did very well for himself with a nice salary, profit sharing and perks. He was not rich, but he was comfortable. He had always saved, so he had a tidy nest egg as well. He lived a very conservative lifestyle, at least where money was concerned.

Word of his breakup spread like wildfire. While John was determined not to get right back into the relationship pool, there were several women who wanted him very much. Two women who NEVER gave up, and NEVER gave in, both wanted a shot at love with him, or at least the great sex they had heard about. How do women find these things out? James Bond had nothing on these secret agent girls.

Cynthia Mueller was a gorgeous former model, who had gotten married, and then found out her man was a serial cheater. This led to a divorce. Now at the ripe old age of thirty one, she was too buxom, and had too big an ass to model anymore. If you asked any straight man, he would say she was perfect, her jet black hair pale skin and green eyes. Hell some would call her a goddess! She saw John and she knew she wanted him. He did not know of her interest in him, he had been dating the same woman for quite a while.

Her rival worked at the same pharmaceutical company Cynthia did. In fact, they all three worked there. Her name was Michelle Avalon. She was of Irish decent, with a mane of brilliant red hair and blue eyes, she was very beautiful and she knew it. She had a flawless hourglass figure, big tits and fabulous ass, and long lean legs up to here! She changed her boyfriends like socks, but this time she was after John. This time she was playing for keeps. She didn't know why, but he made her tingle when he even glanced at her. She hoped the feeling was mutual.

John was still feeling very blue about his breakup. He asked Cynthia out for Friday night, and asked Michelle out for Saturday night. Somehow he had sent both girls the same text, that he was ok for Friday at six p.m. Hey everyone makes mistakes, but this one proved to be a grievous error.

Both beautiful women arrived at the same time on his front porch. The women soon discovered they were there to date the same man, John! Much punching, tit slapping, head locking, panty ripping, dress ripping, bra pulling, biting, cursing and general mayhem occurred. John, bravely facing death and dismemberment, managed to step in between the two beautiful but currently murderous women. He said, "Please, no more fighting. I can see your dresses are ruined. This whole thing was my fault, so I'm taking you both shopping at the hottest women's dress store around. My treat!"

"Caliente Contessa?" They both stopped fighting for a fraction of a second, " Are you really buying us dresses at Caliente Contessa?" They looked at him in a bit of awe. The store was for hot, sexy women, but it was not cheap! In fact, it was extremely expensive. But it was THE place to go for hot sexy clothes. It might cost a thousand dollars for a single dress!

"Nope. I'm buying whole outfits. For both of you. But you are both going to help me right? I don't know anything about dresses. I need both of your experience and expertise!

After that we get a meal at La Chique, and dancing at Mobos. After that, we come home and ahhhh... fuck, how about that? Perhaps we have a bedroom challenge to see who sleeps in my bed, and who goes home? What do you think ladies?"

Both women were giddy and almost giggling about the prospect of a shopping trip to the best women's clothier, with John footing the bill? Both women were extremely confident about their bedroom skills.

"Yes, that sounds very fair. Are you really buying us both full outfits?" Cynthia asked.

"Well, in all fairness, it was my own fault for overbooking my dance card, so I'm trying hard to make amends to each of you!"

"That is going to be quite expensive!" commented Michelle.

"I think you are both worth it. Are you both ok with the bedroom challenge? No hand to hand combat for these sexy games."

"Bring it on!" A confident Michelle said.

"Yes, let's do it! This should be fun," countered Cynthia.

In the store, both women tried on multiple outfits. He sat while the gorgeous women came out from the dressing room and asked his opinion.

He did not know what to say about the various dresses. So when one girl was up, he would ask the other girl for her opinion, and vice versa. The women were surprisingly helpful and honest.

They eventually dressed for dinner and dancing. John takes them to an expensive restaurant, La Chique. John feels like a million bucks as he walks in with a gorgeous woman on each arm. People actually stop and stare.

Cynthia, with her mane of shiny black hair, cascading over creamy white shoulders in a slinky red gown was breathtaking. The dress showed of her enormous breasts in a sultry, if not slutty way. Her ample behind was on display as well. Her curvaceous legs are on full display with her fuck-me-pumps.

Michelle, very slender, but still with her hourglass shape and her long luscious legs was just as spectacular in her little black dress, and black silk stockings. Her fantastic red locks and generous boobs, drew attention from men and women alike. She looked scrumptious! Good enough to eat! The dress did little to hide her amazing assets, in fact it really showcased her magnificent ass and perfect tits. She looked like a goddess.

In the restaurant, he says he likes the coq au vin. The women hem and haw until Michelle decides on the salad nicoise and Cynthia says, "My god, I was just thinking the same thing! Do you mind if I copy-cat you? It looks delicious on the menu."

"No, go right ahead. We do seem to share the same tastes!" She looked straight at John.

"You girls know it's a lunch item, don't you?" John said casually.

"It's perfect for dinner too! Low fat, high protein, low carbs, and it looks delicious. We can still order it, for dinner right?"

"I'll ask." John approached the maitre d' and a Benjamin Franklin later, salad nicoise is an evening special, at least for them. He would inform the waiter. That made it the world's most expensive tuna salad!

The waiter approached later, 

"Have you folks decided?"

"The beautiful women will have the salad nicoise, I'll have the coq au vin, two more champagne cocktails, and I'll have the house red please."

"Did you want the black olives or the kalamata?"

"Kalamata!" Both women said at the same time.

"You both want the eggs too?"

"Yes!" They spoke in unison. Much giggling ensued.

"Would you care for some creme brulee for dessert?"

"Ooh that would be nice!" Cynthia says.

"But the calories!" Michelle thinking about her waistline.

Cynthia thinks the same thing.

"Share?" Both say at the same time. More giggles from the women.

"We will have two creme brulees, one for me and they will share the other. Thank you."

"Very good, thank you sir!"

Cynthia whispered in Michelle's ear, both laughed.

Michelle said, "Yes, I think so too!"

"What?" John looked quickly back and forth.

Michelle leaned forward and said to John, "Cynthia said creme brulee always reminded her of something." She leaned over and whispered, "Men's cum!" More giggling from the two girls.

"That's it, I'm sorry, but I'll have to check your ID's! You two high-schoolers seem way too young." He looked at the two women pushing thirty.

"Well I won't tell you the year, but my birthday is March tenth."

Said Michelle.

"No way!" Wide eyed Cynthia said, "Mine too!" Both girls squealed with delight.

"Wait a second, dark chocolate or milk chocolate?"

"ANY CHOCOLATE!" They answered in unison. More giggling.

They wind up at the club, drinking and dancing. Guys keep hitting on each of them, and they keep saying no, I'm with him. They have a blast with the tango, and they do a trio for the slow dances. They have a blast.

After a while, they decide to go to his place for this friendly competition. They have all had a bit to drink.

"So what is the first event?" Michelle asks. 

"Kissing and foreplay."

"What do we have to do?" Asked Cynthia.

"You each must get me hard without touching my penis. The kissing part will be graded by me as subjectively, but fairly as possible. You each can kiss me and fondle me, except for my dick. Whoever gets me hard quicker and kisses better will win. If it's too close to call, there will be a tiebreaker. Michelle will go first.

Michelle wasted no time in giving him a series of blistering hot sexy kisses. She grabbed his ass and rubbed him all over.

"Ok, I'm hard. Wow, that didn't take long at all. It was four and a half minutes. Really good foreplay and excellent kissing. I'm going to ice my cock and get it back down."

When he returned from the kitchen, he said to Cynthia, "GO!"

She wrapped her hands around his head and kissed him with a ferocity he had not know in women. Her raven black hair swirling around them and her big tits pressed into his chest. He could only take so much, he was rock hard. 

"I'm hard. Wow, I'm very hard." He checked the timer. Two and a half minutes."

"Cynthia, you take this round, however, Michelle you were also utterly fantastic. I am blown away by both of you."

Cynthia asked, "What's next?" She seemed a bit cocksure, to forgive the pun.

"Blowjobs!" You get four minutes on my meat. Then we switch. However, it is not just about speed. Points will be awarded for style and expertise and for swallowing, how low can you go? Who wants to go first?"

They both said "me!"

He randomly picked Cynthia to start.

"Ok...GO!" Cynthia's mouth opened and she started giving him a world class blowjob. She bobbed her head, and went very far down his dick. He almost didn't make the four minute switch point.

"Ok, switch!" He grunted.

Michelle was a true blowjob artiste. She was also capable of deepthroating him down to his balls. He didn't last two minutes in her mouth and throat. Michelle savored his jism in her mouth, and she shared it with Cynthia. They both swallowed every drop. 

"So the score is even. Next event you will both like. Cunniligus! I will eat each of you. Whoever cums the quickest wins. However, it must be a big orgasm or it will not count. I will be fair about judging that. Let's all get naked. To be fair, you have to tell me what you enjoy. I will do as you ask. We all clear? Michelle starts this round. What do you like Michelle?"

"I just wanted to say, I have enjoyed this tournament immensely. Please tongue my cunt, and the suck my clit gently."

He tongued her sopping wet labia and then sucked her clit. It wasn't even two minutes and she screamed. She was shuddering and coming hard.

"Nice cum Michelle. Ready Cynthia? What do you like?"

"Exactly the same as what you did for Michelle. It is very remarkable how much alike we are in our tastes. Do it!"

He did exactly the same thing to her, tongued her dripping labia and sucked on her clit. She screamed in orgasm in exactly the same time.

"Ladies, we have a tie. The tiebreaker is you have to sixty-nine each other, first one to cum loses."

"Who is on top?" Cynthia asked.

He flipped a coin. 

"Call it." He said to Cynthia

"Heads!" it was heads. 

"Cynthia is on top. Of course if we need another tiebreaker, she will be on the bottom. Ok, girls, get in position. GO!" Both women were using their tongue to the max. It wasn't even two minutes that Michelle stuck her finger in Cynthia's ass and she exploded into near earth orgasm!

"Hey, that was cheating! It was wonderful, but it was cheating!"

"I did not outlaw anal play. But in the interest of fair play, we will do it again. Ok? You guys have to flip over. Ok, GO!"

This time Cynthia pushed two fingers into Michelle's pussy and found her G spot. That was it Michelle was screaming.

"Ohmygod that was so good. Thank you Cynthia!"

"I'm calling this category a fair tie. Let's move on to the tightest snatch contest. I have here a double headed dildo. It's some kind of rubbery plastic. It can also vibrate, here is the switch. I want you both on all fours, butt to butt. The object of this game is simple. Its a tug of war! You can't use your hands. You have to pull the dildo out of the other girls pussy to win the point. If you get seven points first you win.

You can also get two points by causing your opponent to cum. If you win a point, you can opt to turn on the vibrator part in your opponent's pussy for two minutes. Do you understand?"

"So if I make her cum, I get two points and turn on her vibrator?"

"Yes, for two minutes. One last rule. You must win by at least two points. So if one person has six points, the other needs eight to win. Everyone clear on the rules?"

"Wait! Can we rub our pussies together?" 

"Sure, but that could make you both cum. Or not, I suppose. Yes that is legal. Now back up and take this inside your cunts."

"Ready? Set? GO!" 

Both women tried and tried to pull the toy out of the other. It was incredibly sexy to watch as they did hard kegels to try to get a good grip on the slippery dildo. Michele finally was able to grip the sex toy and pull it from Cynthia's cunt. But she had a violent orgasm as she did so!

"One point for Michelle, two points for Cynthia. I'm turning on the vibrator for both for two minutes."

Cynthia was able to scrunch down on the vibrating plastic and pull it out of Michelle. But Cynthia too had a powerful orgasm.

"We are all tied up at three points a piece. Vibrator stays on for two more minutes."

Cynthia backed up and pushed her pussy into Michelle's, and Michelle screamed like she was dying-- she had a huge orgasm! 

"Cynthia five, Michelle three, getting close!"

Michelle did the unexpected. She started twerking and Cynthia came like a rocket!

Cynthia, her face a mass of concentration, pulled the dildo out of Michelle.

Michelle, not to be out done did the same thing.

"Ladies, we are all tied up at six a piece next two points wins it."

"I give!" Both girls said at once.

"Well, my beauties, only one round left, no more points, no more dildoes. This is the fucking match. Whoever fucks me better wins. I judge this completely subjectively. You girls want to take a break first?" John explained his rules.

"I need a drink. Cynthia, thank you for that round. I can't remember ever coming so hard and with a woman no less. Thank you so much." Michelle was grateful.

"Michelle, thank you! I have never had such a wonderful time with a woman before. Maybe I'm bisexual. But only with you. You are so very beautiful. And you got me off so good. Thank you so very much."

I got them both a rum and coke. They drank them down.

"Who wants to go first?" Neither woman spoke up. They were still wiped out. They chatted for ten minutes. He finally climbed on Michelle. She was almost gushing pussy juice, so no more foreplay. He lifted her legs up high and started the sledge hammer. She was screaming in a minute and had cum three times in three minutes. All hard cums.

He switched over to Cynthia. Again he lifted her legs high and pounded her. She loved it and came again and again.

"I'm gonna cum! Put your faces together!" Both women did so.

He shot a huge spurt all over both beautiful women's faces. After he was done, Cynthia licked all the remaining cum off his dick, as Michelle licked Cynthia's face. Cynthia returned the favor.

Cynthia looked at Michelle.

"Do you want to share him? We could try it and see if we like it."

"John might fuck us to death. We might need a third woman."

Michelle suggested.

"She will have to do the sexual initiation!" With a twinkle in Cynthia's eye.

"Yes, she will. I'm pooped. You want to take care of our man?"

Michelle looked exhausted.

"No, I want to sleep in your arms, maybe John's arms too! I'm really tired. That tug-of-war really takes it out of you! Ha!" Cynthia was ready to sleep.

"John, we are gonna share you, if that's ok with you?" asked Michelle.

"Absolutely. I was having a terrible time figuring out who was better. I can't decide. I'll have to fuck each of you at least a hundred times."

"Not tonight honey. Not tonight! I'm done. I'm wiped out. So is Cynthia. Good night John."

"Me too. I'm too tired to even blow you. Good night John." Cynthia was falling asleep.

John got up to pee. He went in the bathroom and took his phone as the light was flashing.

A picture of a spectacular black woman with huge breasts and a wonderful bubble butt was on his phone. The message read: "Are we still on for tomorrow morning?"

He texted back, "Yes, Vanessa we are gonna do a foursome. Please be really ready to cum, and cum hard. I can't wait to fuck you till you can't walk. Are you really ready for the sexual olympics? I can't wait to see your beautiful face (and body)

-- John"