 From the wife's point of view.

We had always had a great sex life. We always looked for new ideas to spice up our sex life to keep it exciting and fresh. We explored sex toys, crazy positions, adult board games, and talking about our dirty fantasies during sex. My husband has a body that has always made me crazy. He has dark hair, dark eyes, and tattoos. He's about 5' 9" and usually weighing around 170-180. I am a brunette with blue eyes, 5' 2" and typically weight around 140-150. I am 38DD with curves in all of the right places. 

My husband and I met 5 years ago and had sex the first night. It was great and our personalities clicked. Soon after, we were engaged and then married. We have always been creative and began to bring sex toys into the bedroom early into our relationship which spiced things up on many levels. Later, we began to share our darkest fantasies with each other and he would whisper them into my ear as if it was happening right at that moment. I could have an orgasm within minutes of him doing this. My biggest fantasy that he'd whisper was inviting another woman into the room with us. He always insisted that he did not want that and I always found it odd.

Eventually my husband and I moved to a different state because of a manager opportunity that came up for him. We were both ready to move and he began working immediately. He worked 12 hour days/nights and was constantly surrounded by college students because of the University located 2 blocks away from his work. Something felt different like we were beginning to drift apart from each other and like he did not put me as his first priority any longer. I brushed it off as him being caught up in the stress of work... but the nagging feeling would not leave. 

One day, I told him that I would be out of town at my parents' house for 3 days. He didn't seem affected by this and mentioned that he'd be working anyway. While I was out of town I decided that I would cut the trip short and only stay 2 days. Since he said he was working the 3rd day, I wanted to surprise him with a candlelit dinner followed by sex. I had a huge plan and had even bought sexy new lingerie for the evening. 

As I drove up to our house, I found it odd that all of the lights were on and his car was in the driveway. I summed it up to me misunderstanding his work schedule and immediately began to figure out how to still surprise him. I began to undress and put my lingerie on so that it would still be a surprise and I could immediately get him in the mood. As I opened the front door, I sensed something was a little off. I tiptoed upstairs and began to hear moaning. I hoped he was just watching a porn flick, but as I peeked in the open doorway of our bedroom I realized it was a gorgeous blonde with my husband.

She was thin, blonde, pale, and had perky tits with nipples that stood out as he continue to suck on them. As I stood watching him take her nipples into his mouth I felt angry, frustrated, sad, and disappointed. Then I began to feel myself getting wet as I got excited and turned on watching my husband and this other woman. 

I moved the fabric of my underwear out of the way as I began to stick two fingers into my wet pussy while I watched them. 

My husband finished sucking her tits and lifted her up onto our bed. He roughly spread her legs apart and dived into her shaved pussy. I watched as he twirled his tongue on her clit and then shoved it into her cunt. Then he replaced it by two fingers and resumed licking her clit. I watched as he sucked up her juices and she moaned begging for more. 

I slowly walked over to my husband and began to suck his hard cock before he realized what happened. Their shocked looks gave me pleasure and power as I continued to suck him until he came into my mouth within seconds. I swallowed it and lowered my pussy onto her face and demanded that she eat my pussy. She licked my cunt and my asshole before ending at my clit and began to stick a dildo into my pussy. 

I bent over and began to return the favor and do the same to her wet opening. As I looked over, I saw my husband watching us as he stroked himself. I motioned him over and pushed his head toward my tits. He sucked them as I guided him to get on top of her pussy while I sat on her face. Then I stroked his cock and steered it toward her wet pussy. His cock glided in her smoothly and she began to moan. 

I got off her face and began sucking her tits as I watched my husband's cock slide in and out of another woman's pussy. He began to slow down and took his cock out of her so I could clean her juices off. Then he slammed it into to ass. As he fucked me in the ass I leaned over to eat her out. 

I felt her begin to shudder as an orgasm was building. My husband felt it too and started speeding up. My husband let his seed loose in my ass at the same time she came into my mouth. A couple seconds later I came onto his cock. We all fell onto the bed and I kissed my husband and said, "Honey, I'm home." Then turned over to her and told her to get the fuck out... but leave your number.