 This story is the property of the author. It is not to be changed in any way, nor published or shown at other web sites without the permission of the author. 

Please provide feedback, if you choose. All comments appreciated.

* * * * *

Darrin opened the invitation and read it. A distant cousin's daughter was getting married and he had been invited to attend. He was a bit perplexed, as he really didn't know them very well, even though they were cousins. The bride was from his Mother's side of the family and it had been at least ten years since he had seen her. As he recalled, she was a very pretty little girl and he expected, correctly, that she had grown into a lovely and equally pretty young woman. Looking at his calendar, Darrin saw that he would be within fifty miles of the wedding site on the Friday before the wedding. 'Why not,' he thought it might be fun meeting some family members he hadn't seen for several years. He called his secretary to come in. "Mary, make me some travel reservations at Youngstown, Ohio, for the weekend, arriving Friday evening," he said with a smile. Mary smiled and nodded as she left to take care of the travel arrangements.

Following a harrowing business week in Cleveland, Darrin climbed into the rented Town Car and drove off toward Youngstown, a short sixty miles away. An hour later Darrin pulled into the drive of the Marriott Hotel to check in. His room was elegant, but not too ostentatious, a large bedroom, a Jacuzzi, a large TV and a small refreshments fridge. Pouring a whiskey and water, with a couple of ice cubes, he sipped it and sat down to relax. He pulled out a city map and set about to find the route to the church and reception site. He had grown up in Youngstown and he noted that though much had changed, the city was not too different from when he lived there. He decided to have dinner by himself, watch TV for a while then go to bed and sleep in.

Waking late, Darrin had room service deliver breakfast, showered and dressed appropriately for the occasion. The church was packed with guests and he sat quietly in the rear. Looking about, he casts his eyes on several of the female guests, dressed up in their finest clothes. Darrin's eyes locked on to a very lovely young woman with red hair and a knockout body. He watched her and her husband as they selected their seats across the aisle from him. Both of them were dressed very well and they interacted as a very happily married couple. After the ceremony, Darrin ended up behind them in the receiving line and the woman's perfume tantalized him as he inhaled it. The couple actively participated in the rice throwing and Darrin enjoyed watching her breasts as they swayed and jiggled each time she threw rice at the bride and groom.

At the reception, Darren was seated with family members that he hadn't seen in years and he thoroughly enjoyed himself reliving some of his youth. After a wonderful dinner and all of the traditional wedding routine, he settled in the bar of the country club where the reception was held. He drank sparingly and enjoyed watching the guests dancing, especially the women and older teenage girls. Finally, he spied the couple he had seen in the church. They were sitting across the way near the bar and he had a grand view of the woman. The couple rose to dance several times and she moved graciously as she glided through the various dances. He admitted to himself that her husband was also a fine dancer, better than himself, and the two of them were drawing a crowd among the guests as they danced.

Darrin turned to the bar, ordered another whiskey and stared at the golf photos behind the bar. A voice behind him asked casually, "Do you play golf?" a man asked. Darrin turned to see the husband of the red head ordering drinks. He was startled to see him, but quickly regained his composure and smiled. "Yes, on occasion, when time permits," he replied.

"Me too," the man said, "I never get the time to play as often as I would like." He picked up the freshly poured drinks and turned to leave, but turned back toward Darrin. "I've not seen you before at our home town activities, are you from out of town?" he asked.

"Yes, I am. I am a cousin of the bride, but I've been gone from Youngstown for several years. I received the invitation and decided to come see what has changed. I'm sure you know the drill." 

The man laughed nodded and they introduced themselves. "I'm Scott Ashley," he said, " and lovely creature over there is my wife, Beth." Asking Darrin if he was alone, he invited him to join him and his wife at their table. Darrin readily accepted and followed him to the table where they sat down with the wife between them. "Darling," Scott said, "this is Darrin Hall and he is from out of town and alone. I thought we could show him some hospitality. Darrin, this is my wife Beth." Darrin and Beth exchanged greetings and they began to talk about some current events, work and other benign topics. Darrin found both of them warm and friendly and enjoyed their company. The three of them talked, drank and occasionally danced. Beth was very light on her feet and Darrin enjoyed watching her move to the rhythm of the soft rock music.

It was nearly ten o'clock pm when Scott and Beth decided that it was time to go home. "We live nearby," Beth said, "would you like a nightcap, Darrin?" she asked. Darrin said it was late and perhaps he had better not when Scott interrupted him.

"Don't be silly, Darrin, it's not that late and we would enjoy your company for a nightcap," Scott told him. "We insist," he added, "don't we Beth?" She nodded agreeably and took Darrin's arm and walked him out to the parking lot with Scott trailing close behind. They stopped at Scott and Beth's car and Scott invited Darrin to get in. Darrin told them that he had a car and would follow them, but Scott and Beth insisted that they all ride together and they would bring Darrin back to get his car later. 


"Sure, why not," Darrin said as they got inside the sleek Lexis and drove off. A short time later they stopped at a gate and Scott entered a code in a keypad to open the gate. They drove toward a huge house partially hidden by trees, bushes and a high wall. Scott stopped the car at the House front entrance and urged everyone out and into the house. Inside, Scott mixed some Martini's and they sipped them as he watched Darrin admiring the elegant appointments and lovely art pieces gracing the room. "Very beautiful," Darrin said as he looked at the art, noticing that the paintings and sculptures appeared to be original works. "You both have a talented eye for quality art and very lovely appointments," he told Scott as he explained the art to Darrin.

"My feet are killing me," announced Beth, "I'm going to get into my slippers while you two examine all the pieces. She hurried out of the room and quickly climbed the stairs, disappearing to the second floor. Several minutes later Beth reappeared, wearing slippers and a thick terrycloth robe. "I couldn't stand that tight dress on more second," she laughed sipping her drink. She stood up onto a marble base of a column and exclaimed, "Is everyone ready?" Darrin laughed and Scott applauded. Beth grinned at both of them and let the robe fall to the floor, to stand naked. Darrin felt his jaw start to drop as he gazed upon her stunning naked beauty. She smiled seductively and the column base began to slowly rotate as she posed for Scott and Darrin. She was magnificent! Every detail of her body seemed perfectly formed. Darrin could see a hint of moisture underneath her exquisitely trimmed bush as she continued to rotate.

Her skin was unblemished except for a tattoo just below her 'inny' navel. The globes of her asscheeks glistened as though covered in perfumed oil, which they were. Her breasts showed a slight hint of weight as the large melons, perfectly formed displayed large areolas with hard erect nipples. She grinned as the light played on her skin as she proudly flaunted her gorgeous body. Darrin's eyes were riveted on Beth as he watched her in awe. Scott walked to the column base and Darrin realized that Scott was naked too, with a huge hard-on. "Well, Darrin," Beth cooed, "are you going to join in or just watch?" she asked with a smile. Darrin quickly stripped his clothing away after Beth's comment to stand naked and erect. "Hmm, nice," Beth said looking at Darrin's cock growing bigger with each passing second. 

Beth stepped off the column base and kneeled in front of Darrin, cupping his cock and balls in her hands. "Ummmmm," she said as she kissed the huge cockhead and drew back his ample foreskin. She licked his cockhead and ran her tongue all around the rim. "I like long foreskins," she said as she placed her tongue on Darrin's cockhole and drew his foreskin over his cockhead and her tongue. Holding his cock firm in her hand, Beth swirled her tongue around his cockhead underneath his foreskin, sending shivers down Darrin's spine. She released his cock and turned to Scott and took his cock deep into her throat and pressed her lips together hard as she moved her head up and down the length of his seven inches of cock. Scott moaned in pleasure and Beth released his cock and returned to Darrin, deep throating him as well.

She lay back on the thick carpet, pulling Darrin by the cock until he was over her. Beth reached between her legs and parted her sopping wet cuntlips with her fingers and laid Darrin's cockhead between her cuntlips. "Fuck me, Darrin," she whispered in his ear. A huge cock filled her pussy and she moaned in pleasure as she was filled to capacity. "Oh, yes…fill me…fuck me. Umm." Darrin began to thrust deep into her as she wrapped her legs around his waist and locked them together. His huge engine drove in and out in chorus with her murmurs of delight as she thrust upwards to meet each of Darrin's down thrusts. "Don't cum, Darrin…wait for me…wait for me," Beth whispered into his ear. Darrin fought to resist cumming, when he felt something wet on his balls. He turned to see Scott under him licking his free hanging balls.

Darrin was shocked and surprised, but relented as Beth whispered in his ear to let Scott have fun with him. She clenched her cunt muscles and squeezed Darrin's cock. He dismissed Scott's antics and concentrated on pleasuring the beautiful creature beneath him. Her cunt muscles were supremely honed from her frequent workouts and they held Darrin's cock captive as he fucked her. Darrin felt a thickness between his asscheeks and immediately realized it was Scott's cockhead. He tried to turn around to stop him when Beth squeezed his waist with her legs and whispered in his ear again, "Just go with it, Darrin…let Scott pleasure your ass, please," she begged. 

"But I'm not gay or bi," Darrin protested, trying to foil Scott's attempts to penetrate him.

"I know, love, neither is Scott, he's just having sex…it's not a gay or bi thing…it's a sex thing," Beth said as she licked his ear. Darrin felt his asshole beginning to open as Scott increased the pressure. His sphincter resisted, but soon it surrendered and parted to admit Scott's rock hard cock. Unable to stop him and unwilling to stop fucking Beth, Darrin relented as Scott's cock slowly eased deeper and deeper into his ass. Beth was rocking back and forth as she felt Darrin's balls slapping at her ass and could hear Scott's balls slapping Darrin's. She screamed in pleasure and shuddered through a massive orgasm, squeezing Darrin's loins tightly as he continued to pump his cock in and out of her hot pussy. "Don't stop, Darrin," she gasped as she came for a second time, "Fuck me, Darrin, fuck me hard!" she cried.

Darrin's ass was being painfully opened wide with Scott's driving his cock in and out of his asshole. The pain repressed his urge to cum as he fucked Beth and hoped Scott would stop. Beth was whining in a trance like pleasure state as she was approaching her third orgasm. Darrin felt Scott's huge cock rubbing against his prostate and the pain diminished somewhat. Soon the pain seemed to disappear, to be replaced by sheer pleasure. He could feel his cock getting harder inside Beth as he began to push back against Scott's thrusts, enjoying his first ever ass fuck. "Does it feel good, Darrin," Scott asked as he pummeled Darrin's ass.

"Jesus," Darrin gasped, "Oh God yes…it feels great!"

"I going to cum in your ass, Darrin," Scott said, making low guttural sounds as he stiffened and erupted a hot stream of cum deep into Darrin's ass. Beth felt Darrin stiffen when the hot cum poured into his ass and it sent her over the top into spasms of cumming and crying out. Darrin could take no more as he too erupted in a sea of hot cum to fill Beth's pussy and ooze out around his cockshaft. His thick white cum slowly flowed down onto Beth's asshole as she sighed and panted for air. Scott lay on Darrin's back and he slowly withdrew and fell over to the side, breathing hard. Beth twisted her body to lick her husbands' cum covered cock clean as she held her cuntlips tight against Darrin's cock, still inside her. 

Darrin looked around to find a towel, so his cum would not stain the thick carpet. He rose up and withdrew his cock to sit next to Beth. Scott seized the moment to thrust his face into Beth's cum oozing cunt, covered it with his mouth, sucked out all of Darrin's cum and swallowed it. Beth sighed as Scott cleansed her and she rolled her upper body to lick Darrin's cock clean of their blended cock and cunt cum. "God, I don't believe it," Darrin gasped, "I don't believe what I just did and that I liked it," he declared.

"Ummm, yes, Darrin, we liked it too," sighed Beth, kissing his mouth and probing for his tongue. He tasted the blended cum on her tongue as Scott finished cleaning Beth. Beth arose and went into the kitchen, returning with three cold beers. They sat with their knees up and their backs propped against a couch as each drank deeply, savoring the flavor and quenching their thirst. Scott put his beer down and rolled onto his hands and knees to lick Darrin's flaccid cock. Darrin reached out to stop him when Beth intervened and shook her head. She kissed Darrin as he felt Scott's wet mouth cover his cock slathering it with his tongue. Beth straddled Darrin's waist and held a tit to his mouth. Eagerly, he scooped the nipple into his mouth to suckle it like a baby while Beth moaned in delight. 

Sighing and moaning, Beth pushed her magnificent tits together so that her nipples touched and Darrin pulled both of them into his mouth to suckle them both at the same time. He held her tits together as she ran her fingers through his hair and breathed hard as he nursed her breasts. Darrin's cock became hard again under the expert touch of Scott's mouth and tongue. Scott deep throated him and gave him a swallowing sensation again and again as he fellated him. Darrin's cock swelled under the expert cock sucking that Scott performed and he released Beth's nipples to lay his head back on the couch. Beth grinned ant him and rose up to straddle his head with her thighs to lower her sopping wet cunt to his mouth. Darrin quickly plunged his tongue deep into her sex and began to lick and suck her cunt and clit.

Although his cock was hard again, Darrin knew that it would be some time before he would cum from Scott's sucking. He concentrated on satisfying Beth's fragrant pussy. Her scent tantalized his senses as his tongue swirled about her slit and disappeared often into the sweet depths of her pussy. Beth began to tremble as his tongue worked its magic on her pussy. She throbbed hard from his tonguing and he knew she would cum soon. Beth grabbed his head and pulled it savagely into her crotch as she gyrated her hips grinding her cunt into his mouth. She lay her head back, closed her eyes and moaned with pleasure as her orgasm mounted. Releasing his head, she grabbed her nipples and began to pull at them for several seconds before going over the top, to cum in a shuddering orgasm, spewing her cunt nectar all over Darrin's face. 

She held his head to her crotch with her thighs as he continued to suckle her clit. Cumming several times, Beth finally rolled off of Darrin and lay on her back on the floor, gasping for air. Darrin's cock 'suffered' through extremely intense sensations brought on by Scott's sucking his cock. Scott bore down hard on Darrin's sensitive cockhead with his tongue, driving Darrin nearly mad from pleasure. Beth reached out to hold Darrin's hand as she sensed his orgasm was upon him. Scott rolled his tongue around and around the velvety cockhead in his mouth, just as Darrin screamed in pleasure and exploded thick wads of creamy frothy cum into Scott's mouth. His balls tightened up and pumped out huge volleys of cum as Scott eagerly swallowed every bit of it. Darrin slowly slipped down to the carpet next to Beth as she squeezed his hand and kissed him. 

Scott lay down next to Beth and Darrin as they tried to regain their senses after their massive orgasms. Beth recovered first and got onto her hands and knees then sat on her haunches next to her husband. Darrin pulled himself up on his elbows to watch Beth start to lick Scott's huge hard-on. Her mouth would slide up, down and around his cock, deep throating him frequently. She moaned as she pleasured Scott and Darrin reached out to rub her nipple as she fellated her husband. Darrin's other hand found Beth's clit as he rubbed it. She quivered under his manipulative fingers on her breast and clit and moaned long and hard as she sucked Scott. Darrin moved closer to Beth to closely watch the huge cock disappear into her mouth and re-emerge again. He marveled at her ability to take the huge member deep into her throat as her nose delved into his pubic hair. She was an expert at what she did, without question, Darrin thought.

Beth looked at Darrin's face just inches away from hers and quickly released Scott's cock from her mouth and placed the head on Darrin's lips. Surprised at her sudden move, Darrin froze, unsure of what to do next. Beth smiled and said, "Lick it, Darrin." He blinked as though the words had immobilized him. A large drop of clear thick pre-cum oozed from Scott's cockhole and Beth wiped the pre-cum onto Darrin's lips. "Suck it for me, Darrin, please?" she pleaded. Darrin, as though dazed, opened his mouth and Beth pushed Scott's cockhead inside it. She licked at Scott's cockshaft and on Darrin's lips, kissing both repeatedly. "Lick his cockhead, Darrin," she whispered as Darrin rolled his tongue over the velvety, spongy, but hard cockhead. His mind was reeling as he realized that he had taken a cock in his mouth and was licking it. "Yes, Darrin, yes…lick him good," he heard Beth say as she gently pushed his head to accept more of Scott's cock into his mouth.

Surprisingly, the cock did not taste bad as he sucked it in a near stupor. He had never before sucked a cock and up to now even the thought had been repugnant to him. Under Beth's encouragement he began to suck Scott's cock in earnest. Scott began to moan with pleasure as Beth rubbed her magnificent tits all over Darrin's face as he fellated Scott. Darrin began to suck Scott's cock just the way that he liked to be sucked. Apparently, it was working as Scott moaned and trembled as he sucked him. Beth joined Darrin to jointly suck Scott's cock, sometimes both tongues on the cockhead or taking turns sucking Scott's cock separately. Scott was breathing heavily and Beth Sensed his orgasm rising as she released his cock to Darrin. He took it from her and greedily sucked it and attempted to deep throat him, but he gagged a bit and let up.

"He's going to cum, Darrin," Beth whispered in Darrin's ear, "don't swallow it all. Leave some for me, honey," she said as she reamed his ear with her tongue. Darrin had never tasted another's cum, but he was determined to do so now. He nodded and redoubled his efforts. Scott swayed and gyrated as his orgasm rose in his cock. Crying out, Scott exploded huge wads of thick hot cum into, Darrin's mouth, filling it. Darrin swallowed the first two spurts to keep from gagging and retained the rest in his mouth. Scott erupted again pumping another big load into Darrin's mouth as he fell back totally spent. Beth quickly covered Darrin's mouth with her own to kiss and probe his mouth with her tongue and gather as much of her husband's cum as she could swallow. Darrin swallowed the rest by, while he returned Beth's kiss eagerly. Finally the three of them lay back on the carpet spent and breathing hard.
