 "Are you kidding me? No way am I gonna kiss another guy!"

I probably said it too loud, given that the party was only across the street, but the loud music and constant chatter from the other partygoers no doubt kept anyone from hearing my protest.

"What are you afraid of?" said Karen. "You think it'll turn you gay?" She grinned.

"No," I said. "I just don't want to. I'm not into guys."

"But I am," she said, "and watching you two make out would turn me on. Don't you want me to be turned on?" She smirked and wiggled her hips. And I very badly wanted her to be turned on, yes.

Mark remained silent, and I couldn't tell if he was embarassed or just wanting to see how things turned out.

I knew that Mark wanted to kiss me, he had let me know in no uncertain terms, but Mark also knew that I was not gay, and had respected that and not tried to pressure me about it. I doubted we would have become such good friends if he had. Of course Karen knew that I was into her, too, and I suspected she had the hots for Mark as well. Although Karen and I had fooled around a bit in the recent past, she'd not let me go past the kissing stage with her.

"Why would seeing me kiss Mark turn you on?"

"For the same reason you watch lesbian porn, I guess. C'mon, just do this for me and....I'll show you my tits." She grinned again, and I had to laugh.

Mark finally chimed in. "Don't force the issue, Karen. It's not worth making everybody uncomfortable just to see what happens."

"I don't know, Mark. I think I'd be much more comfortable without my shirt on."

"You'd take your shirt off right here in the middle of the street?" I asked.

"Only if you kiss with tongue." She thought for a second. "For at least one minute."

"Jesus, Karen--"

"And you can touch my boobs." I gaped. "I knew that would get you," Karen said.

I looked at Mark. "Hey, you know I'm down for it," said Mark. "I'm not gonna lie and say I don't want to, but it's your choice, man."

I looked at the tempting swell of Karen's chest underneath her t-shirt, imagining my hands cupping those delectable breasts, imagining where else that might lead....

"OK, fine, whatever. Let's do it." What? Did I say that?

Karen put one hand on my shoulder and the other on Mark's and pressed us together. "All right! Let's see some action!" She really did seem excited by the prospect.

I looked at Mark and saw that he was waiting for me to initiate things. I stepped forward and placed one hand on his shoulder, more for control than as an embrace, and tentatively moved my mouth towards his.

Mark leaned in, and pressed his lips against mine. It was unlike kissing a girl, harder and I could feel the light whiskers around his mouth against mine. 

"I don't see any tongues, boys!" said Karen. "No tongues, no titties!" She giggled.

I still hesitated, but felt Mark's tongue against my lips. Without consciously deciding to do so, my lips parted and his warm wet tongue slipped into my mouth. He flicked the tip of his tongue against mine, startling me, but then my tongue responded and flicked back. Before I consciously knew what was happening, Mark's tongue had receded into his mouth, but mine had pursued his! I suddenly realized that I was vigorously French kissing a man!

"Ohhh, that's the stuff," said Karen. "That's totally sexy. Keep going."

Mark had closed his eyes and was kissing me for real, his hands pulling my body into his as our tongues dueled back and forth. I found myself warming to the experience, enjoying the feel of his slippery wet tongue in my mouth and the sensation of slipping mine between his lips. Our mouths opened wide, and we kissed harder. 

Then I realized I was growing hard. My cock was stiffening as Mark's kissing grew more passionate. I felt almost as though I was outside my own body, a stranger watching myself making out with this handsome young man who just this morning I had never even had a sexual thought about. Now suddenly I was licking his tongue while my hard cock pressed into his crotch.

"Fuck that is so hot," said Karen. "Just a little longer."

Mark's hands stroked my back, and it felt good. I moved mine around him and pulled him to me, pressing our bodies together, chest to chest, his body harder than a woman's feeling so different. He moaned, and I realized that his groin was pressed against mine and his cock was rubbing my crotch through our jeans.

"OK,that's one minute!" said Karen.

I pulled away quickly. Gasping as our mouths detached. I stepped back from Mark, and though I caught a glimmer of...what, disappointment, humiliation, rejection? Something like that, which made me feel that I somehow should have allowed our lips to linger, the way I would have with a girl as a kiss ended. But this was just a joke kiss, right? It probably wasn't fair to Mark, but he knew it was only a dare for me, right? He didn't expect it to change anything.

"That was hot," said Karen, "So I guess you deserve your reward!" She gripped the hem of her shirt and pulled it up over her head. "Don't worry, Jason," she said, "the bra is coming off, too!" She grinned and with a flick of her fingers her bra slipped away and she stood topless. I knew I was staring and grinning like an idiot, but I didn't care. Karen's firm, perfect breasts stood out from her chest like ripe, delicious fruit, and my mouth began to water.

"Now I want some of what he got," she said, and pulled my face to hers, her soft moist lips crushed to my mouth and her tongue diving immediately into action. I responded by throwing my arms around her and caressing the smooth warm skin of her back as we kissed. Karen moaned into my mouth, her arousal evident from her undulating body, her firm nipples and her passionate kissing.

"Guess my work here is done," said Mark, and he walked back across the street.

Karen broke the kiss. "Mmm, god that was so hot. You looked like you were getting into it after all. Maybe you want to go after him?" she smirked.

I frowned. "Karen--"

"Of course, if you don't, you can hop in the back of the car and I'll show you just how turned on I am." Without waiting for a response from me, Karen opened the car door and slid into the back seat. Taking my hand, she pulled me after, and we landed in the back seat in a tangle of limbs and lips and tongues.

I pulled the door after me without breaking the kiss, our tongues dancing together, writhing in and out of each others mouths. I felt her hands deftly opening my pants. "Mmmm, I showed you mine, now you show me yours," said Karen, her green eyes looking into mine as she released my hard cock from the confined of my jeans. She dropped her eyes to my crotch, then leaned down and took my swollen member deep into her mouth.

"Oh, my god," I groaned, as Karen's warm, wet mouth massaged and sucked my throbbing cock. I stroked her soft red hair and fondled her breasts as she blew me. The pleasure was so intense I thought I might pass out.

Karen's moist ministrations drifted up as sloppy sucking and slurping sounds, turnging me on even more, and I slide my hand down her nude back to her ass, across her skirt and then up under the skirt to stroke between her legs. It almost seemed natural at this point to find that she had no panties on, but my cock twitched nevertheless as my fingers found her slit. She was damp and slick, and I knew then that her lust was no act, and she was as turned on as I. Karen moaned as I fingered her, my middle finger sliding between her folds and over her clit.

"Ohhh, fuck," she said, raising her head from my cock and pressing her mouth again to mine. She shifted, raising her leg and then lowering herself onto me in one graceful move that impaled her dripping snatch on my throbbing rod. "Ohhh fuck, yesssssssss," she hissed, grinding her pussy onto me and pressing my face into her magnificent breasts.

I sucked her nipple and licked and kissed her breasts as she rode me, up and down, taking my raging manhood deep into her slick center again and again and again. "God, yes, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me, baby! That's it, oh fuck, fuck, shit, you're gonna make me cum, baby! Oh fuck, make me cum, make me cum, make me cum, ohhhh god fuck my little pussy!"

I growled as my lust boiled in my groin and built and built, quickly rising. Karen's pornographic commands and her tight wet cunt brought me swiftly to the point of climax and I could feel the explosion within me as she screamed, "Ohhh fuck, yessss, I'm fucking cummming, ohh shit, I'm cumming!" and her body writhed and thrashed and my hips thrust and my cock erupted, spurting jet after creamy jet of boiling cum deep into Karen's body.

We clutched each other tight as out bodies rode the orgasms and expended the lustful energy of our glorious fuck. Karen collapsed onto my chest and we sat panting in the back of the car, my cock still rampant inside her, her pussy still throbbing.

"Ohh, god damn, that was the best fucking cum I've ever had," said Karen.

I was speechless and breathing hard. I held Karen to me and stroked her back, her ass, her thighs. Only then did it occur to me that we had just had sex in a car right across the street from a crowded party where anyone could have walked up and seen us at any time. I glanced up and looked out the window.

Mark stared back at me.