 This is the sequel of "My Daughter gets her first fucking".

********

Please note that this story will contain more graphic sex than an actual story line. If you do not want to read this sequel, by all means pass it up.

********

At the end of this sequel, there will be four endings. You may choose the one you like. Enjoy!! 

********

I told Diane that I was very proud of her and asked her what she thought about getting fucked for her first time.

She said she loved having Tom's big cock inside her and especially loved having sex with me and Terry.

Then, she startled me and asked if she could do more. 

I told her that there is a possibility if she was really serious. I also told her that Terry, Tom and myself belong to a swinger's club but that I did not think she was ready for that yet.

She begged me to tell her more.

I told her I would, tonight in bed.

The rest of the day, we just relaxed and did some shopping and dined out. 

When we got home, we undressed and watched some TV. We were both naked and played with each other a little.

When it was finally time for bed, Diane kept pestering me to tell her about the swingers club.

I told her that there are about twenty members, with the leader, a man on his sixties, Mr. White, who hosts the parties.

I told her that he is a very robust man, about 6' tall, 195, s/p hair, blue eyes and a real nice sized cock and balls.

I also told her that he is always in control and whatever he asks must be done, no matter what.

I told her that the gatherings are every month at his mansion in Land O' Lakes. The mansion is on ten acres of private property. He has a gate and a security system for complete privacy an protection.

There is a large pool, hot tub and outside showers. He has several cabanas around the pool for the guests.

Inside, he has private rooms for guests and a couple of special rooms, one being for BDSM.

Most members are married but there are several single men and women who are members because they have special or unique qualities.

Diane asked me how I was accepted. I bluntly told her that I was Mr. White's personal slut and would do anything he asks me to do, anything, without question.

Terry and Tom got me in as a member because I wasl willing to do anything to please any member.

Diane seemed in a trance and just wanted to know more. She then said she wanted to join.

I told her I would tell Tom and see what he could do.

That night , my daughter and I had the hottest sex ever.

The next morning, I called Tom and told him about my talk with Diane. Tom said he would make a call and see if Diane could attend a gathering.

That night, Tom called me and said that Diane would be welcomed to meet with Mr. White first, this Saturday, to see if she would fit in.

He said he and Terry would join us to meet with Mr. White.

I thanked him and then told Diane about meeting Mr. White this Saturday.

Saturday came and Tom drove us all up to the mansion. We got out of the car and went to the front door, rang the bell and were let in by Mr. White.

Tom introduced Diane to Mr. White who gave her a little kiss on her cheek. He stepped back and admired Diane and then told her to remove her clothes.

We all watched in silence as Diane started removing her clothes. First came off her top, then her jeans, then her bra and finally her thong bikini.

She just stood there while Mr. White moved all around her, admiring her beauty, touching her and feeling her up.

Then he told her to take out his cock and suck it, and she did as he told her. 

She knelt in front of him, pulled out his hard cock and started to suck it.

We all watched as he started to fuck her mouth. It didn't take long before he said he was coming. Then, he pulled his cock out of her mouth and shot stream after stream of cum all over my daughter.

Then he pushed his cock back in her mouth and gave her mouth a golden shower. The liquid was coming out of Diane's mouth as she tried to drink it all down.

He then told her to lay on the floor and spread her legs. He told Tom to fuck Diane in front of us.

Tom mounted Diane and filled her cunt with his cock and fucked her until he shot his load in her.

Mr. White told Diane to get up and as she did, Tom's cum was oozing out her cunt and down her thigh.

Mr. White told Diane that she was a very good girl and led her out to the back.

He told her to get down on her knees. He then told the rest of us to give Diane a golden shower.

Tom stood over her and Terry and I removed our panties and stood over Diane, as well.

When Mr. White told us, the three of us gave Diane a golden shower which lasted a couple of minutes.

Mr. White then turned to us and said that Diane could come to the next meeting.

Diane was led to the outside shower and got cleaned up and then we left.

The drive home was anything but quiet, with Diane saying she was so happy to meet Mr. White and couldn't wait for the meeting, which was next week.

When we got home, I asked Terry and Tom to stay over, as it was late.

The four of us soon got naked and Diane said she wanted to have sex with all of us. 

Terry and Diane started out first and Tom and I watched them. I could not believe that my Diane was becoming a slut, just like me, and loving every minute of it. 

After she finished with Terry, Tom mounted Diane from the back and gave Diane her first anal fucking. 

After Tom shot his load in my daughter's ass, she and I made love as our friends watched and encouraged us.

The rest of the night was non stop sex among the four of us.

The week seemed to drag on but the day of Diane's first swinging get together was here.

She dressed very sexy. She put on a thin, white blouse with no bra, tight, gold spandex pants that practically outlined her pussy and a black g-string. 

I wore a tank top with no bra, jeans with no panty.

We were all set as Tom and Terry picked us up for the drive to the mansion.

When we got there, we were greeted by Mr. White and some of the members. I introduced Diane to them and they all greeted my daughter with enthusiasm.

Food was available as was wine for everybody.

As I was chatting with a guest, I noticed Diane being led into a room by a male guest. I quietly followed and saw the guy, a young man in his thirties, pulling Diane to him. His hands were already inside her blouse, playing with her tits. I watched as he pulled off her clothes and laid her on the bed. He then removed his clothes and I watched as he mounted Diane.

His cock was nice and big and hard and I could see him pushing his cock into her cunt. 

Once it was fully seated inside her, he fucked her gently then started ramming his cock into her harder and faster until he came in my daughter's cunt. He then got off her and I walked away.

He came out of the room and announced that he just fucked the new girl and everybody should do her.

Everybody applauded...then the party really started.

I watched as one by one, every guy went into the room and fucked Diane.

There must have been eight men who fucked her.

After they were done with her, Diane came out, cum all over her and smiling. She came over to me and kissed me.

Soon, everyone was naked and everyone was having sex with their partners or other members of the group.

Out of the corner of my eye, I could see Diane watching me getting fucked by one guy as I was sucking off two cocks as Mr. White watched.

When I was finished, Mr. White took his hard cock and penetrated my ass and started fucking it. 

As he was fucking my ass, he told Diane to get underneath me and lick my pussy. 

Diane quickly obeyed and I was getting my ass fucked, my baby was licking her mother's pussy and it felt great.

Mr. White finally shot his load in my ass and as it oozed out my ass, Diane started to suck the rest of it out of my hole.

Terry then took Diane by the hand and led her to another room and several women followed.

I knew what was in store for Diane and couldn't be happier.

From what I have seen, Diane was becoming a slut like her mother and I was so proud of her.

After, what seemed like hours. Mr. White took Diane to the BDSM room.

He made her stand against the wall and put her wrists in cuffs, as well as her ankles.

My daughter was naked and spread eagled and helpless.

Mr. White then blindfolded her.

One fellow went over to her and placed a nipple clamp on her right nipple, which was already extremely erect. She let out a cry as it was placed on her. Then, he did the other nipple. 

Diane's nipples were so swollen now, they looked like they were going to explode.

A woman went over and slipped a huge vibrator up my daughter's cunt and switched it on and was told not to let it slide out of her cunt.

One by one, members went up to my helpless Diane and did something to her that usually made her squeal in pain.

Some time had passed and Mr. White undid the cuffs and brought her to a room. There, he told her to get on all fours.

He told every man there to fuck her in her ass and to shoot their cum in her ass.

I watched as every guy their had their turn in fucking her beautiful and inviting ass.

As the men took their turns, the women got into the action by having Diane eat their pussies or having them suck her nipples.

When the last man shot his load, Mr. White told me to suck the cum out for her ass.

Without hesitation, I went over and knelt down and started sucking the cum from her ass. I think it took me a full five minutes before I sucked it all out.

When I finished, my daughter and I hugged and kissed and I mounted her and we rubbed our pussies together until we both came.

For the rest of the night and into the next day, Diane was insatiable and never stopped.

She spent a huge amount of time with Mr. White and I am guessing that he fucked the hell out of her.

He called me over to him as Diane was laying naked in the bed, covered in his cum and half asleep.

He told me he wanted Diane to stay with him so he could train her to be his slut, like he trained me.

I was not only shocked but pleased that he thought of my daughter that way. 

I told him it would be ok with me but it was up to Diane.

The next morning the members left and only Diane and myself were with Mr. White.

He explained to Diane what he wanted to do and she agreed.

He then told her that her training would start the next night as he was inviting twenty nen over to fuck her.

He told her that she must do all that he asks, without question, as I was trained. He also said that she will become everyone's sex toy.

That night the three of us slept together and fucked the whole night.

In the morning we had breakfast and relaxed by the pool. 

Whenever Mr. White summed Diane to service him, she would. He would not allow her to remove any cum from her body either 

He liked watching her and I having sex, especially when we ate each other out.

At one point, he had me shave her landing strip off so she would be completely smooth.

He liked it when he made Diane watch him fucking me or me sucking him off.

Mr. White laid out the clothes we would both wear tonight. 

I would be wearing a maid's apron and high heels and nothing else.

For Diane, she would be wearing a sheer white g-string and a see through bra and high heels.

He also insisted that our nipples be completely erect.

As we relaxed by the pool, Mr. White told us to jerk him off and Diane and I got on each side of him and we each took turns jerking his cock until he was ready. Then Diane jerked him faster as I played with his balls until he shot his cum all over our hands.

He then had us lick his cum off of our hands.

Night finally came and the men started arriving. Diane and I greeted them at the door and showed them where they could put their things.

Mr. White told them to remove their clothes and to go into the living room for some refreshments.

There were four large flat screen tv's playing porn, mostly men cumming on women.

By 9 p.m., twenty men had arrived. All were naked in the living room. Some already had nice big hard ons. A couple of them had huge cocks and really big balls.

Mr. White introduced us to the men. He showcased Diane to the group and told them that she was theirs for the night. 

He also told them that I would be available also and they could enjoy one or both of us.

He also said that they could do one on one or multiples at any time with us.

One more thing he told Diane and myself, was that at no point are we to clean any cum off of us 

I looked at Diane and asked her if she was ok and if this is what she wanted. She looked at me, smiled and nodded her head yes.

Mr. White had us remove whatever we had on for the display to the men.

One of the men took Diane and three others into one of the rooms. I knew what was going to happen. 

One of the guys took me and laid me down and mounted me and fucked me until he shot his load into me. 

As I was still laying there, two more men followed...each fucking me until they came in me.

By that time, Diane came out of the room. She then told me that one guy fucked her cunt, one guy fucked her ass at the same time and one guy she sucked off and one she jerked off.

As we chatted, two guys came over and laid us on the floor in the middle of the room, next to each other.

One by one, a guy would fuck Diane then pull his cock out and then fuck me. This went on for awhile until at least eight guys did us and came all over and in us 

Mr. White seemed very pleased and whispered something to one of the guys.

Mr. White had us lie down and all the men surrounded us. We watched them as each one took their turn and jerked off and shot their hot cum all over us.

Right after that, Diane and I were taken outside by the outdoor shower. 

Diane and I knew what was coming.

We were told to lie down as at least ten men came over to us. 

The men stood over us with their cocks in hand. We could feel the warmth of their urine as they started covering us in a urine shower. 

When they finished, the others came over and relieved themselves on us as well.

It was about 6 a.m in the morning when everyone was gone.

Mr. White told us we were terrific and would like us to be his sluts, permanently.

I asked about living arrangements and he said we would move in with him. He would support us and we would not have to work as he would take care of us.

He then said he would like to have us both but it would be ok if just one wished to take his offer.

We told him we would have an answer later that day.

**********

Ending 1

Later that day, Diane and I talked to Mr. White. We told him we were flattered by his request, but we decided that we would rather be swingers and meet once in awhile at his get togethers.

He said he undestood and we left it at that. He summoned his car and we left.

Ending 2

Later that day, Diane and I talked to Mr. White. We told him we were flattered by his request and that I would like to take him up on his offer and be his live in cum slut, as long as Diane is allowed to join me if she feels like it.

He said he understood and would make arrangements for me to move in with him.

He summoned his car and took us home so I could start packing.

Ending 3

Later that day, Diane and I talked to Mr. White. We told him we were flattered by his request and that Diane would be honored to take him up on his offer of her being his live in cum slut.

He said he understood and make arrangements for her to move in with him.

He summoned his car and took us home so Diane could start packing.

Ending 4

Later that day, Diane and I talked to Mr. White. We told him we were flattered by his request and that we both would be honored to take him up on his offer of us being his cum sluts.

He said we could move in immediately and he will pay for everything. He will give us each a daily stipend as well as a car each.

He emphasized that whatever he asks or says, we must do.

Sleeping arrangements would be simple as we both would be sleeping with him.

Diane and I would not be allowed to wear clothes unless he says we can.

He made it perfectly clear that we would be there for his and others sexual gratification and any deviation would not be tolerated.

I told Diane that I was happy that we both decided to stay.

He then summoned his car so we could go home and pack.

Within a weeks time, Diane and I settled in with Mr. White.

We all slept naked and were at his beckon call all day and night.

His friends came over and we performed every request they asked of us.

I was so proud of Diane and happy that she is a cum slut like her mother.