 Note: as with all my work, this is heavily bi-male oriented. Please don't read if this offends you!



It was now three months after our first meeting with Sam and Sarah... a full nine months since I'd moved in with my two long term lovers Carly and Simon.

I was home alone, Carly and Si were away for a family funeral. I sat down in the lounge and switched my laptop on, feeling a little horny and thinking back to that first night with Sam and Sarah. It had been an amazing evening, orgasms all round even before we'd made it to the bedroom! When we finally did make it to the kingsize bed, Si had switched on the video camera that we keep on the dresser and recorded the rest of the night's antics.

I placed the laptop on the sofa next to me and pressed play on the video. Three naked bodies were on the bed - Carly and Sarah were kneeling, facing each other and snogging. Sam was next to them, watching them kiss. Si approached the bed, having just activated the camera, and went to kneel in front of Sam. They guys mirrored the girls and leaned forwards, began kissing. The sight gave me a definite bulge in my trousers! 

I clicked fast-forward, having watched this many time now I knew where my favourite bits were and one was coming up. I appeared at the door and at comic speed joined the bodies on the bed, my head diving into Sam's lap. Normal speed resumed, I watched as I started to blow him.

Just then the phone rang, so I checked the caller ID, turned the volume down and answered. 

"Hi Sam, how's it going?"

"Good thanks. Just wanted to check you were ready for tomorrow... we're all packed and can't wait!"

We'd booked a holiday for the 5 of us, a villa in a private resort in Spain. Plan was me, Carly and Si would fly out tomorrow, then Sam and Sarah would follow the next day. A death in the family meant Carly and Si couldn't make our flight, but Sarah talked nicely to her parents and got them to agree they'd have the kids a day early so we switched around. Sam was a travel agent so there was no problem changing the names on the plane tickets, and now I was going with him and Sarah on the first flight, with Carly and Si following us the next day.

"Me too - all packed and ready, absolutely dying to see you guys again," I said, glancing at the laptop screen and watching him shuffling about on the bed, moving from kneeling into lying and going down on me too.

"Yeah, know what you mean - it was nice seeing you all for that second evening but it was over too quick! A full seven day holiday together - sun sand and sex!"

We both laughed. "Not too bothered about the sand, it gets everywhere," I said.

"Sun and sex then," he said.

And that was what we were all hoping for. We'd found the place online - adults only, private villas with their own pools within a walled and gated resort. Naturist and swinger friendly it said, but the reviews suggested more of the latter. We weren't really planning on mingling much, but somewhere we could have naked fun in the sun with nobody raising an eyebrow at our five person situation sounded ideal.

"Yeah that's more like it. Sun, sex... oh and booze!"

"Lots of booze. And nice things to eat," he said. I smiled.

"I was going to start with your wife's pussy actually!"

"Only after I've filled it up for you darling," came his reply.

"Unlikely - I'll have blown you dry by then!" We both laughed then I finished, "but we'll have plenty of time for both."

"Yeah. Can't wait."

I knew he'd be picturing those scenes in his head the same as me at that point, so the brief silence that followed didn't feel awkward at all.

"Right," I began, "I should get to bed if I'm getting up at four! See you at the checkin desk?"

"See you tomorrow. Sleep tight."

And so I hung up, closed the laptop and spent the rest of the evening doing non-sexual things. Saving it up for the coming week!

An early start, a fourty minute taxi ride to the airport and just before 5:30am I was stood at the checkin desk. They were right on time and we hugged, checked in and boarded the plane. We talked family-friendly smalltalk for the whole flight... to the casual observer three friends were off on holiday. Completely innocent, though if someone were really watching they'd see the touches that lingered perhaps a little too long, or the exchanged glances that went between the three of us which only lovers share.

Another airport, another taxi. We soon arrived at a big set of gates with a small office building to the side. We went in and were met by a receptionist who took our names and booking details, before putting us and our 2 small suitcases in a golf buggy inside the walls and taking us up to the villa. We saw nobody on the short trip through the resort, though it was still early morning. The place was at the top of the hill, it had an amazing view of the surrounding countryside, and was one of 4 villas grouped closely together. The receptionist (introduced herself as Lara) took us inside the villa's tall walls and gave us a quick tour.

"The kitchen is through the lounge there... there's 3 ensuite bedrooms, all with our 'super queen' beds (which are made especially for us). You can easily get 6 in a bed," she said smiling at us. "Housekeeping comes in every morning, just leave a note if you want anything."

She left us with a smile and a small folder about the resort which Sam started to flick through while I explored. The three bedrooms were all identical, with the massive beds and tasteful furnishing, though only one bed was made-up with bed linen.

"Only one bed's made up!" I shouted down the corridor.

"Do you think we need more?" replied Sarah as she wandered down the hallway.

"Well no, but... so you think she just assumed....?"

She laughed. "Of course she did! The three of us, arriving together?"

"Come check out the pool!" shouted Sam. We followed his voice through the lounge and the big patio doors - he was stood poolside holding the folder. The exterior was maybe 20 metres by 10 metres, half of which was the pool. It was walled on all sides except the end where there was a balcony wall, around a metre tall and deep enough to lay on, with an opening where steps descended downwards.

"This is ours, but down those steps is a communal pool that's for the four villas. The book says 'guests are free to roam clothed or unclothed throughout the resort. Your villas pool area provides privacy for any fun-in-the-sun that you'd care to enjoy in private. The communal pools are overlooked by the surrounding villas and so are for fun you'd like to share.' Sounds interesting!"

The three of us walked to the balcony and looked down at the communal pool. Larger than ours, with more floorspace - and unoccupied. "Well it is only 9am!" I said. "So who fancies a swim?"

My clothes were off and I was in the pool in 10 seconds. I heard another splash and Sam had joined me just seconds later. Sarah stood at the pool edge and smiled, saying "I'm gonna check out the rest of the villa first, be with you soon."

I swam to the far side, closest to the balcony area, then along it's length to the shallow end where the water came to my nipples. Sam swam underwater and surfaced alongside, facing me.

"Oh hello," I said. "With all the bustle of the airport we didn't really say a proper hello this morning," I continued, putting my arms around his waist. We leaned together and stopped with our faces inches apart, both smiling. I leaned in and our mouths met, lips touching and tongues meeting for the first time since I last saw him over a month ago. We continued to kiss and I felt his hands on my ass, squeezing gently. The kissing continued for minutes and then I felt his cock, rigid and pointing at me, pressing against mine - which I then realised was hard too.

He was a great kisser, evident by my erection, always able to turn me on without fail! I moved my hips so that under the water my tip rubbed against his while we continued kissing and felt a shudder run through him. We played swordfights for a while until finally he broke away, pulling his head back and saying "Wanna fuck?"

I replied by taking his cock in my hand and stroking it, then turning to find the pool ladder and gently pulling on him to follow. I had to let go in order to climb the ladder and as I was half way out I felt his hand on my hips then his lips on my cheeks. I paused, half way up the ladder, my groin level with the pool edge, while he kissed, sucked and licked my cheeks. His mouth moved lower and I bent forwards, exposing myself to him, as his tongue ran along the under cleavage of my cheek and onto the shaved-smooth skin of my perenium. 

I'd always kept myself shaved, even since being a teenager - hair has no place being anywhere where it can get sticky and matted, and smooth skin is not only nicer to lick but so much nicer when you're being licked! This was no exception - his tongue ran down and I instinctively leaned forwards further, doubled over now so my torso was flat on the poolside and my erection poked into that gulley that gathers water, as he first tickled my balls then slowly licked all the way up my crack with the flat of his tongue. As it ran over my ring a shudder went through me and I pushed back against it, maximising the friction. He dropped down and moved back to where he'd started, again placing his tongue at my balls and running it up along my crack. This time he stopped when he reached my ring and using it's tip his tongue began circling.

Damn that felt good! I stayed perfectly still while Sam licked me, first gently and then probing me. Rimming had never appealed to me in the past so I'd never gone there, but feeling Sam snogging my butt was the biggest turn on! I went limp, laying there half out of the pool... my legs drifted off from the ladder while Sam ate my ass. His tongue probed me and I clenched around it, the sensations coursing through me.

I became aware of feet standing next to my head and turned to look up. Sam stepped back and left me tingling as I saw Sarah looking down at us. She was wearing only a pair or bikini briefs and holding a small handbag.

"Looks like you're having fun!"

"Care to join us?" I asked as I climbed out of the pool.

"Mmmmm. Yeah but maybe we should check the place out before we settle in? Get some supplies in, there's a shop and stuff."

I hesitated then said, "Yeah, makes sense," as I stood up in front of her. She slipped her arms around my waist and gave me a long, passionate kiss.

"Let's not take too long though," she said, "ever since our last group conversation on cam I've been dying to see you again."

I'd not forgotten the agreement we'd made last time all five of us spoke and was just as keen to get this gorgeous couple into bed again.

"Are you going out like that?" I asked approvingly. 

"Well, some flipflops on my feet too, but yeah. When in Rome!"

So Sam and I dug a pair or short briefs each out of our cases, donned them with some flipflops and we left the villa. It was mid/late morning and there were now people moving about the resort's little pathways.

The first people we passed were a man and woman maybe 50ish, naked besides footwear, who smiled and said hello as they walked back up the way we'd come from. They were in pretty good shape for their age and obviously happy to show it off! We were heading for the centre of this little sunny village and soon came to a larger path, immediately passing another couple walking hand-in-hand, this time two women in their 30s, both naked and stunningly beautiful. 

As we passed Sam said "You feeling overdressed at all?"

I laughed and said "Not after seeing those two, the shorts are trapping my hard-on!"

We passed more groups of villas, a grassy area with park benches which was unoccupied then finally found the centre. There was a bar, shop and a small restaurant with a few small groups of people milling around and talking - some naked, others wearing shorts like us.

We had a wander around the shop and bought some basics - bread, milk, etc - then headed back to the villa. We passed two guys and a woman who were walking from the direction of our villas, all three were naked and dripping wet. We said hello as we passed; everybody seemed to give each other the once-over with eyes moving from head to toe.

Once they were out of earshot Sarah said "They were cute!"

"Another threesome like us?" I suggested. 

"Well only for today, it'll be a fivesome tomorrow," said Sam. 

"Well we'd better make the most of having the place to ourselves then!" said Sarah as she gently slapped us both on our bums.

We entered the villa gates and went inside. I immediately dropped my shorts and said "Well that's me and clothes done with until we leave!" Sarah did likewise while Sam disappeared into the bathroom, and she strolled over to where I was standing in the lounge and passed me, heading out to the patio. I followed her past the pool and over to the balcony area where she was leaning on the wall which overlooked the pool below. I stood beside her and looked down: the 50s couple which we'd seen earlier were poolside, the man sat on the edge of a sun lounger with the woman sat straddling him. They had a good rhythm going and were making out with passion. I felt a stirring between my legs and felt myself grow hard in seconds.

"Look good, don't they?" said Sarah. 

"Mmm. Maybe we should spend some time down there while we're here."

"Maybe. But first, that thing that we talked about on cam last week...."

I moved and stood behind her, my hardon pressing against her ass. She responded by pulling herself up onto the flat top of the wall, laying her belly on it with her feet dangling above the ground. Without a word I guided my cock, pressing against her lips then slowly sliding inside her.

During our last cam conversation the five of us agreed that, just like regular dating, you reach a point where you're happy with each other's histories and satisfied that there'll be no other unprotected sex going on with others while you're seeing each other - and you decide that condoms are no longer needed. When I first moved in with Carly and Si we'd gone as far as getting tested first - but given our clean bill and Sam and Sarah having been monogamous we decided there was no need.

And so Sarah and I shared that beautiful moment where we joined as nature intended, her deliciously tight cunt gripping my shaft with nothing between us except her own natural lube. She really did have the tightest pussy I'd ever encountered... Sam and Si agreed (Carly didn't mind - she loved being able to accommodate two of us simultaneously!)

Her rear pressed against my groin and I took hold of her shoulders, pushing as deep as I could and loving the feel of being bareback with her. I pulled back almost to withdrawal then pushed in again, her muscles tight around me. We were both watching the show down by the pool below - Mrs 50s was now hammering herself into Mr 50s lap and they were staring into each other's eyes. I was so drawn to their performance that I didn't notice Sam til he was stood alongside me, placing a hand on my cheek to turn my head so we could kiss. 

He was rock-hard and I took him in my hand, stroking and snogging him while I fucked his wife. He edged closer to us and I got the message - withdrawing and standing aside so he could take my place behind Sarah. He slipped in easy, she was so very wet now, and he began to slap his groin against her bum while he took hold of my cock and stroked it. The three of us continued to watch the couple below who were now missionary position on the sun lounger; she was looking over his shoulder directly at us and smiling. 

I placed my hands on Sam's hips and gently guided him backwards. He took my direction and stepped back, allowing me to take his place once more and slide easily into Sarah's now dripping cunt. I began to fuck her again, taking Sam's sticky cock in my hand at the same time, rubbing it with the same rhythm that I was giving his wife. The couple below were cumming now, grunts and moans echoing around the pool and Sarah began to mirror them, groaning softly to start with and building up louder moans.

My pace increased at the sound of her pleasure, I knew I was close to cumming myself and Sarah hadn't yet peaked so I quickly stepped back and guided Sam by the hips to replace me. Sarah's briefly interrupted moans resumed with anew energy as he pumped in and out of her. I whispered in his ear "I'm sooo close to cumming, fuck her

.. Fuck her hard and fill her up hun so I can do the same straight after." He turned to face me and we kissed while his pounding got faster and her moans got louder. The couple down below were now sat on their lounger, looking up and watching us, it being hard to not notice Sarah's moans! 

Finally they came together - an almighty grunt from Sam and a long, loud "Fuck yessssss!" from Sarah. Sam stood back again, that final small squirt still emanating from his tip and dripping on the floor as I moved in and slid myself into her incredibly slippery hole. She pushed back hard and said "Cum for me baby," which along with the sensations I was getting from her slippery pussy full of cum was all I needed... 

"Ohhhh fuck yeah!" I exclaimed as I ejaculated deep inside her, picturing my sperm mixing with Sam's and with her oily juices, feeling her slippery warmness around me. I pushed as deep as I could while my final squirts spasmed from me and then relaxed, bending over her so I could kiss her neck. She turned her head and said "I've been dying to feel your spunk inside me for months.... and Sam's been dying to taste it."

I took the hint and stood aside as Sam fell to his knees and began licking and sucking her hole, probing her deep with his tongue. I bent down so my face was next to his and sensing my presence he turned and kissed me, giving me a big mouthful of our cum. I stood and leaned over the wall alongside Sarah, kissing her and passing my mouthful to her. She gave me a big grin and stood back onto the ground, grabbing my shoulders and guiding me into a laying position on my back right there on top of the wall. Sam was sat on the floor between her legs as globs of cum dripped from her into his mouth, and she leaned over me, tight-lipped.

I opened my mouth and she slowly did the same, drooling spunk from her lips which slowly dangled and glooped into my mouth over the course of a minute. When she finished she licked her lips then crouched on the floor next to Sam, who'd now finished between her legs, with her back leaning against the wall.

Silently he stood and bent down to her as she eagerly opened her mouth in anticipation. Their faces just an inch apart, he opened his mouth a little, pursing his lips to allow drips of cum to fall into her mouth. I kneeled next to her and we kissed, two full mouths intermixing, our tongues awash with cum. When we separated I retained a mouthful and slowly moved my head down her body, depositing it in a trail across her breasts.

I kissed her again and took her mouthful from her, while Sam dived onto all fours and slowly lappped the cum from her tits. I savoured the taste of our combined cum while I watched him licking it from Sarah, then as he was nearly finished I walked on my knees so I was behind him, and slowly dribbled my mouthful over the cheeks and down the crack of his ass. The now clean Sarah shuffled round as I stood and took my place behind her husband, getting on all fours herself and lapping along his crack, then all over his cheeks. Sam was open-mouthed while Sarah licked his rear so I knew he'd swallowed, but as she finished cleaning him up Sarah came to me one last time and we kissed, sharing her load with me... both of us drinking down our nectar as our mouths parted.

"Fuck, that was hot!" said Sam as we all sat onto the paved floor.
