 AUTHOR'S NOTE: this is the conclusion of a four-part story that began with "Bosom Buddy", and continues through "Special Delivery" and "Main Attraction". 

 Don't ask me why, but I vividly remember my first wet dream, which for obvious reasons I had never shared with anybody. In my dream, I was running through the streets of my neighborhood naked, my erect cock flopping around as I ran. There was a group of girls – maybe six or seven of them – chasing after me, squealing loudly and demanding that I have sex with them. All of them were dressed identically – light-pink button-down shirts tied under their bouncing tits, revealing navels and midriffs. Tight, tiny purple mini-skirts, riding low on their hips, just barely covering their jiggling asses. Purple knee socks and high heels. In my dream, one of them tackled me from behind and started fucking me right there on the ground, while the other girls yelled encouragement. I remember waking up, out of breath, my pajama bottoms soaked and a raw, musky smell emanating from them.

 Except now, it wasn't a dream. It was a full-blown living, breathing nightmare. Standing right in front of me, wearing the same outfit as in my dream. Green eyes smoldering, enormous chest heaving, legs slightly parted as if ready to suck in my manhood and never let go again. She was standing at the foot of the bed I lay on. I didn't know how long she had been watching me sleep.

 My nightmare's name was Jodi.

 Maddy had told me that the libidifem drug I had been repeatedly given over the past four days would amplify feelings that already existed. It explains how Ellen, who already liked me, came so quickly, repeatedly and explosively during our three hours together. The fact that (according to Maddy) Jodi claimed that she loved me deeply – I personally thought it to be obsession myself – well, I didn't dare guess what kind of condition I would be in by the time she and I were done. 

 The look on Jodi's face, however, seemed to be one of profound sadness. In her moment of triumph – where she would finally be alone with me, able to bend me to her will and fuck me as much as she wanted to – she seemed terribly distracted about something.

 She took me by the arm and led me over to the carousel. She locked me into the lead boots, then took a pair of handcuffs and cuffed my hands behind my back. Kneeling in front of me, she showed me what looked like a clear rubber ring with a snap on it. She bent and twisted it a couple of times to show me how flexible it was, then placed it around the base of my penis. It was loose enough that had she left it as it was, it would have slid down my penis and fallen off the end onto the floor.

 Instead, she began sucking my cock – slowly, deliberately. She played with my balls, and licked all the way from the base of the shaft to the tip, then engulfed the bulb and massaged it with her hot, sensuous tongue. I groaned as a bolt of carnal pleasure cut through me.

 I noticed the ring getting tighter – not tight enough to hurt, as it was expanding as my penis was – but enough of a pressure to be noticeable. Still, Jodi maintained the same medium pace as she fellated me. At full length, my ten-plus inches was too big to fit entirely into her mouth, but she made several game efforts. I heard her grunting and moaning as she worked on my cock.

 After about 20 minutes of this, I began to feel more pressure in my lower region. I tried squeezing my pelvic muscles to force my orgasm. Nothing happened. I tried bucking and thrusting, as if I was fucking Jodi's mouth. Still nothing. She grabbed me around my upper legs to hold me in place. It was building to the point where it was painful. I started begging, "Jodi, whatever is going on, please let me come! This is really starting to hurt!! PLEASE let me come!!!!"

 

She didn't respond. She kept sucking. I began screaming as the pain increased past my endurance. I was drenched in sweat and crying. I kept begging her for any kind of release.

 She finally stopped sucking me, stood up and walked behind me. Placing her hands on my shoulders and massaging them lightly, she said, "So, NOW you want my help, do you? You're BEGGING to come, aren't you? Do you have any clue of what I've been going through the last year? I've been begging for release myself. That's what happens when you're suffering the tortures of the damned!!" She almost sounded like she was crying herself. 

 "Every fucking night, I go to bed with you on my mind. Oh, my God, what runs through my head: 'Who did he fuck today? What's she going to tell me about how great he was? Why won't he fuck me instead?' And then, for the past 3 ½ days, watching you repeatedly fuck other women, wanting you so badly and knowing that I'd have to wait my turn. OHHHHH, my God, you couldn't imagine what it's like, to desire something so much, know that it's within your reach, and yet you can't have it.

 "Do you know that feeling now? Do you know the pain? The loneliness? The DESPERATION? Well, now you might have a small idea of what I've been going through."

 Jodi reached around, found the snap on the cock-ring and opened it. Waiting a few seconds to allow my blood flow to return to normal, she grabbed my cock and began violently jerking me off, as Carole had done earlier. I recoiled in her grasp and screamed "Oh, GAAAAAAAHHHHD!!!!" as my orgasm hit me within a minute. I couldn't see anything but a blinding white light, and I felt rope after rope of hot semen spew forth – 16 in all, as Jodi told me later. I had never been as out of breath as after this orgasm, even with the drug supposedly increasing my stamina.

 I looked with wonder at the results of my climax. There was an enormous – no, inhuman – pool of cum in the beanbag chair directly opposite me, and a lesser but still considerable puddle on the floor in front of it. The chair was four feet from where I had been standing. Jodi walked over to the chair, scooped some of my semen up in her hand and began lapping it up like a cat drinking milk.

 "Yep, all of that came out of you, Mike," Jodi said, licking off her cum-covered hand. "That would probably be enough, under other circumstances, to have impregnated every girl you've fucked in the past four days, plus me." She went into the bathroom, washed off, and got a towel. By the time she was finished cleaning up, the towel was soaked through with my juice. The whole time, I stood there panting, trying to clear my head.

 Jodi ran her hand around my neck, down my chest, drew a little circle on my stomach with her finger, then reached down between my legs and started playing with my cock again. She stared right at me while she was doing so. She still looked sad. "I so wish there had been another way to get your attention. I wish you had just let me service you, be your girlfriend, lover, whatever. I could make you happier than any woman in the world. You know that, despite what's gone on here, there isn't any woman you'll find who's hotter for you than I am, and never will be."

 "There's more to life than sex, Jodi", I replied. "You don't really know me at all. Do you care about my hopes or dreams? Do you have any idea what I want out of life? I can tell you this, I don't intend to live my life just to be someone's sex toy!"

 She began shaking my dick, REALLY hard. "I know this. And the fact that you're the only guy I've ever met who could talk to my face and not to my tits. That's all I care about."

 A thought crossed my mind, and since I wasn't going anywhere anyway, I decided to roll the dice. "Were you molested as a girl, Jodi?"

"WHAT THE FUCK?!?!?" Jodi stared at me as if I'd stuck a hot knife into her chest. Her response was to jerk me off even harder.

 Gasping, I blurted out, "Looks like I touched a nerve. There's a story coming... uhhhh.... UHHHHHHH!!!!!" I began to feel the buildup.

 "Not before you, though!!!" She kept yanking until I was almost at my shooting point, then she stopped.

 She bent over and unlocked the lead boots and handcuffs, led me over to the bed and lay me down on it. She then pulled off her shirt, freeing her huge tits, massaged them for a moment, then stepped out of her skirt and heels. I could see her pussy was dripping with desire.

 She climbed on top of me, and gently lowered herself onto my towering cock. "Mmmmm, welcome home, sweetie!!!" she exclaimed as I entered her. "Grab my ass, baby. You KNOW how I like it!!!" I pulled her towards me, shoving more of my manhood into her in the process. Without waiting for me to move, Jodi began bucking wildly back and forth, her massive tits swinging in time with her movements. "OOOHH, God, every INCH of me has been DREAMING of this moment since last year!!! I'm going to make you forget EVERY woman you've fucked!!! All those hundreds of times you blew into them, were times you SHOULD have been coming inside me!!! AHHHH!!!! AAAAAAHHHHHHH!!" she screamed as seemingly every cell in her body exploded in orgasm. She trembled uncontrollably, riding me with wild abandon. I saw her drooling onto herself, and she rubbed her spittle onto her tits.

 I looked down, and could see glimpses of my cock as Jodi pounded away on it. Even at nearly eleven inches, it still looked tiny next to Jodi's large frame. She stiffened again, and screamed out, "COME for me, Mike!!!! SHOOT your hot cum into me!!! I WANT TO FEEL YOUR CUM SHOOT INTO ME!!! FUCK ME!!!! FUUUUUUUCCKKKK MMMMMEEEEEEE!!!!" She leaned over, wrapped her arms around me and turned us over so that I was now on top. "DON'T HOLD BACK ON ME, YOU FUCKING HOT STUD!!!! POUND THAT COCK INTO ME AND BLOW THAT LOAD OF HONEY INTO ME!!!! FFFFFUUUUUUCCCCCKKK MMMMMEEEEEEEEE HAAAAAAARRRRRRDDDDDD!!!!" Of course, I had to comply, and in a minute I was screaming myself as I felt my cock spasm inside her. With every squirt except the first – there were ten in all – I felt some splash out of the sides of her pussy. She screamed herself as I squeezed my load into her, "OHHH, yes, all that beautiful cum is MINE!!!! ALL MINE!!!! FILL ME WITH EVERY LAST DROP FROM THAT CUM FOUNTAIN!!!!" She twisted and thrashed underneath me, tightening her pussy around my cock and trying to suck every droplet of cum out of me. After I fell onto her shoulder, we lay entangled, Jodi stroking my hair and licking my face. "THAT'S what I'm fucking talking about, baby!!! OH, man, you are still EVERY INCH the stud!!!! How GREAT that felt!!!"

 I was trembling, gasping in Jodi's grasp. She kept cooing softly into my ear, bringing me down from my sexual high. I looked at her briefly, and saw tears on her face. I couldn't tell whether they were tears of joy, or sorrow, or whatever. I decided to try to take advantage of the moment.

 "You never answered my question from before."

 "My cousin. He was the shining star of the family. A college football player who became a lawyer. His wife was a cold fish who never seemed to satisfy him. He was in his 30's, I was still in high school. He got drunk one night while we were alone, and started groping my tits. I started saying no, but he got my shorts off and stuck his dick into me. He fucked me with his hand clamped over my mouth, pulled out and came all over my tits. I was so ashamed. I thought the whole thing was my fault, because I'd dressed too provocatively in front of him. I swore that I would be in control of every sexual situation I was involved in from that point forward."

 "Did you ever tell anybody – except me, of course?"

 "No, because I thought nobody would believe me. Who's going to take the word of some bimbo with big tits as opposed to a pillar of the community? I've had no contact with him since."

 "I don't mean to sound cold here, Jodi, but what does all that have to do with what's happening here and now? I'm sorry about what happened, but what right does that give you to essentially do the same thing to me – over and over and over again?"

 "You're telling me that you don't like sex? Especially screwing all of these beautiful women I set up for you?"

 "There reaches a saturation point, Jodi. As I said before, you don't seem to care anything about me except for the fact that I've got a huge cock."

 "I know what you're doing, Mike, and it isn't going to work this time. You're trying to get inside my head. Your problem is that you're sometimes too fucking smart for your own good. You played on my feelings for you the other two times, and both times you managed to convince me to let you go before I was satisfied. I don't want to do this, but I'm afraid I'm going to have to silence you for a while. No more talking until you've come inside me three more times."

 And, just like that, as I attempted to answer her, nothing came out. 

 Jodi smiled, leaned in and kissed me deeply. "We'll talk some more later, after you've shot some more of your sweet nectar into me."

 We fucked long and hard. We fucked doggy-style, we fucked with her lying on top reverse-cowgirl style. We fucked in the bed, on the floor, in the bathroom. She lay back on one of the beanbag chairs, legs spread wide, and I stood over her and plunged my cock into her. I lost count of how many times she came – it seemed like her orgasms were coming every couple of minutes. Her shrieks of carnal pleasure were constantly ringing in my ears. Every time I tried to get up, she would either pull me back or throw her crushing weight on top of me and pin me. She would finger herself so hard between our sexual encounters that droplets of my cum and her lubrication would fly everywhere. It seemed that just the slightest look from me would trigger a sexual frenzy from her, where she would attack my dick with her pussy, or her mouth, or her hand. I was grunting and sweating as, even with the drug still working on me, I struggled to keep up with Jodi's sexual demands.

 After my fifth ejaculation inside Jodi, I spoke up.

 "Well, that should be three hours. So this 'experiment' is over and done with, yes?"

 "Oh, HELL no. You and I are just getting warmed up. Maddy didn't tell you? I get to fuck you for A FULL DAY, not just three hours!!!"

 "A DAY? I'll be fucking dead by the time it's over!"

 "Oh, don't be silly. You still get your rest periods. You still get the drug, so you'll be able to keep up. And I get to make up for lost time!!!"

 I groaned. She really HAS lost her mind, I said to myself. And I am powerless to resist her. Let's try to see how long I can keep her talking.

 

"You know my girlfriend is going to be concerned. She hasn't heard from me for what... five days now?"

 "You think I really want to hear about your fucking girlfriend right now, Mike? If I have my way, she'll be out of the picture in very short order. But tell me anyway, since you want to so badly. What does she have that I don't?"

 "Well, for starters, she cares about my feelings. She doesn't just do what she wants to do and demand that I accept it."

 Jodi laughed. "But you still haven't fucked her yet. I hear you haven't even gotten to third base with her. You've not only hit a home run with me, you've done a grand slam – an orgy which I helped put together!!

 "Tell me about her. Is she hot?"

 I thought so. Arlene was five foot six, about 130, nice figure, nice sized tits that I'd sucked on once or twice, long brown hair. But truthfully, she was a bit of an airhead. Every silly joke I would make, she would repeat, verbatim, two minutes later. I'd started dating her a few weeks before that fateful first evening at Jodi's house a year ago – I never told Arlene that I'd (even involuntarily) cheated on her – and was actually thinking about breaking up with her. She was getting annoyed that I wasn't calling her as often as I once had. The truth was obvious. Aside from my growing disinterest, I was too busy being the town bull for every woman in my neighborhood.

 "Sounds to me like if you started dating me for real, you'd be trading up. You know, I DID hear that little speech you made while you were with Maddy. It really upset me. But it also told me that you're not completely uninterested. Would you really want to start a relationship with me – a real relationship?"

 "Sure, but not at the pace you want. You know that every word I said was true – Maddy told me not to lie, and I have to do what she says. I want us to really get to know each other as people. I'm a lot more than just a penis. I don't want to spend my whole life on my back or on top of you. I know you think you're in love with me, Jodi, but the truth is that there's only one part of my life you know well. You may not really like the other parts. I also really only know you as someone who thinks with her pussy."

 "That hurts, Mike. That really hurts."

 "Well, it's fucking true, isn't it? We've only had close contact a few times, and what have we been doing? You've been holding me down and forcing your pussy onto my cock, or giving me blowjobs, or hand jobs, or masturbating and winding yourself up so that you can have sex with me again, or watching your friends fuck and suck me. You don't know me as a person at all!!!"

 "I think you need to stop talking for now, Mike. You need a rest period, and I need some time to process what we've just been talking about. I also need to plot my next moves with you. Get some rest. BOTH of your heads need it!" 

 I lay back on the bed as Jodi left the room. I was thinking to myself, Wow, did I really just say all that? How's she going to take it? I didn't want to hurt her feelings, but I can't lie. This is really how I feel. I fell asleep rather quickly. 

 I awoke a few hours later to the sound of splashing water. "Come on in here, baby!! The water is just SOOOOO yummy!!" I heard Jodi's voice call.

 I walked into the bathroom, and saw Jodi in the large, sunken bathtub/shower, which was filled with soapy water. She looked at me lustfully, raised a long, smooth leg in the air and said "You NEED a bath after all those exertions I put you through. Come in here with me. I promise I won't bite... but I can't promise I won't suck!!!" She looked right at my partially-erect flesh spire. I walked into the tub, closed the glass door and at her direction lay down next to her. She put her left arm around my shoulders, leaving her right hand free. The water was warm and comfortable.

 (I learned, by the way, that during my extended absences from the "playroom" – to shower or go to the bathroom – Maddy would come in and change the sheets and blanket on the bed, so that it was always inviting and restful. That bed had seen a lot of activity during that week, yet it was never smelly or musty. Now I knew why.)

 "Let me give you a nice bath", she cooed as she began to lick me in my neck and chest area. She began to wash me down with a soft sponge, but of course the second she got to my penis she put down the sponge and began to softly rub it with her hand.

 "Not right away, Jodi," I said even as she began to earnestly jerk me off. "Let's talk a little more."

 "What would you like to talk about? Or more importantly, what do we need to talk about?"

 "Remember, we can't have any serious kind of relationship unless we actually know each other as people."

 "Still haven't given up on that, have you? Okay, fine. What are you studying in college?"

 "Mass communication", I said. "I'd like to be a deejay or perhaps a newscaster."
