 Normally, I wouldn't have been all that gung-ho about going to my twentieth high school reunion. I'd stayed in touch with a few people, but I didn't really have any desire to reconnect with anyone after twenty years. The only reasons I finally decided to go were Sandy and Erin. I'd been boinking both of them occasionally since shortly after we'd all graduated from college despite having known Sandy for most of my life and having dated Erin in high school. 

My initial post-college encounter with Erin was supposed to have been closure for her before she got married, but it ended up turning into an affair that had lasted well into both of our marriages despite only seeing each other on rare occasions. My friendship with Sandy had developed into an opportunity for both of us to become more adept sexually and had also carried on into our respective marriages. I had been on the fence about the reunion until they'd both informed me that they'd be attending sans spouses. I managed to get my wife to convince me that I should go stag, too, and immediately started looking forward to reconnecting with both of them.

I had no idea how I was going to work out the logistics of hooking up with both of them but, since we were all married, we'd be doing it all very discreetly anyway. I figured if we could keep our activities a secret from the rest of our graduating class, I should be able to keep my relationships with each of them a secret from the other, too. Since they both sounded as excited to get back together with me as I was with them, I assumed they'd be willing to work with me on the logistics.

When I arrived at the hotel banquet room and checked in, Erin was one of the very first people I saw. After a long hug, during which I had to resist the strong urge to slip my hand down to her ass the way I normally would have, she said that she'd already found a spot where we could slip away for a quickie. I was pleasantly surprised, but she told me that she'd gotten to the hotel early in the day and had time to poke around before the reunion started. I asked why we couldn't just slip off up to her room for a quickie and she gave me two reasons: first, she revealed that she was sharing her room with Sandy and Therese and second, if we slipped off to her room, she'd probably have a tough time feeling motivated to come back down. I was flattered but still feeling shocked to learn that she and Sandy would be in the same hotel room; neither of them had mentioned that fact to me.

Before I had much time to worry about it, Erin led me off through a back corridor of the hotel to an apparently rarely used phone booth. I must have had a quizzical look on my face because she explained that, with everyone in the world carrying a cell phone, no one was likely to bother us and pointed out that it was bigger and nicer than a typical phone booth. Really, it was a little nook built into the wall with a payphone inside and a nice, wood and glass accordion door. I looked inside and agreed that it was larger than I expected; there was even a little seat in the corner. As I turned back to her to voice my approval, she started pushing me backward into the phone booth and closed the door behind us. This time, as she put her arms around me and we started making out, I did let my hands drop down to her ass. I'd had my hands on her ass plenty of times from when we'd dated back in high school to the last time we'd been together, which had been after the births of both of her sons, and her ass had always been nice, but this time there was something different about it; it felt firmer, so I guessed she'd been doing some serious working out since I'd last groped it.

I moved my hands up under the short, flowery skirt she was wearing and cupped her ass cheeks over her panties, pulling her against the bulge in my slacks. Keeping in mind that this was supposed to be a quickie, I made some space between us and slid one of my hands around toward the front, feeling that her panties were bikinis and wondering if that was for my benefit since she knew I loved bikini panties. As I briefly rubbed the front of her panties, feeling how damp they were and the coarseness of her trim bush beneath, she was already working on my belt, followed by the button and fly of my slacks. I slipped my hand into her panties as she spread her feet as far apart as possible so that I could slide my finger along her slippery, dripping slit. After sliding my finger in and out of her a couple of times, I lightly massaged her clit while she worked my slacks and briefs over my hips and down my legs, my rigid cock popping free.

Before she had a chance to stroke it, I pulled my hand free and told her to turn around as I backed up and sat on the corner seat while pushing my slacks and briefs down to my ankles. I told her to hold her skirt up and grasped the sides of her panties, sliding them over her taut ass and down her legs. Once she'd stepped out of them, I hung them on the handle of the accordion door then pulled her back toward me on the seat. As I held her by the hips to steady her, she reached between her legs and guided my tool into her pussy as she lowered herself onto it. We both moaned as she settled onto my lap, my cock fully embedded in her sweet pussy. As she started to ride up and down, not taking it slow because, again, this was supposed to be a quickie, I reached around to massage her clit as she rode me. After a few seconds, I slid my other hand up under her top and felt her hard nipples pressing against the thin material of her bra.

Who says men can't multitask? As I pushed up into her each time she came down on me, I was massaging her clit and playing with her nipples through her bra. At one point, as I went from one tit to the other, I checked to see if there was a front clasp on her bra. Since there was, I went ahead and popped it open and resumed fondling her tits and nipples without any barrier. Her pussy felt outstanding; she was so slippery and hot and continued to get more so the longer we fucked. She was riding me hard and fast, her hands braced against the walls and her breathing coming in short gasps. I could feel an orgasm beginning to build due to her incredible pussy sliding up and down my shaft over and over but, based on past experience, I had a feeling that Erin was on the verge of cumming already. I didn't think I'd be very far behind.

It was no surprise when, a few seconds later, Erin slammed herself down and let out a soft cry but didn't move again. I could feel the tremors within her pussy as she came and knew her pussy would be even juicier when I started fucking her again. Before I had that chance, though, after she finished cumming and was trying to catch her breath, she stood up and turned around, insisting that we switch places. She squeezed past me and sat on the corner seat while I stood facing her, then took my cock in her hand and lowered her mouth over it. As I ran my fingers through her short, pixie-ish black hair, which was a recent change, I couldn't help but think back to the first time we'd been in this position when she'd surprised me in Ellen's backyard before the first time we'd had sex. Her hairstyle wasn't the only thing that had changed since then; in addition to her newly firm ass, her oral skills had definitely improved over the last sixteen years.

I had been on the verge of cumming when she'd beat me to it, so as her mouth journeyed up and down my stiff shaft and her hand pumped the base, it wasn't long before I could feel my orgasm quickly building again. I relished the feeling of her mouth as I'd relished her hot pussy because, in our situation, I never knew for sure when I'd experience either again. That being said, I wasn't holding out to try to enjoy it longer; I was just relaxing and letting my orgasm come at the pace that Erin set with her talented mouth. Consequently, it wasn't long before my cock was swelling and I exploded into Erin's mouth. She milked me until I had nothing left, then let my cock drop from her mouth and smiled up at me.

I couldn't bend over to grab my pants in the tight confines of the phone booth, so Erin had to help me get them up while I reached around for her panties. As I got my briefs and slacks back in place and she slipped into her panties and refastened her bra, I told her that I wanted those panties before she left for home. Once we were presentable again, we stepped out of the phone booth into the hallway and headed back toward the banquet room. Erin took a detour into the ladies' room to confirm that everything was in place while I continued on. As soon as I was in the door, my eyes lit on Sandy, who looked absolutely stunning. When she saw me coming, she immediately broke away from the conversation she'd been engaged in and wrapped her arms around me. I held her close, smelling her hair and, again, resisting the urge to slip my hands down to her ass as she reminded me that it had been too long since we'd last spent time together.

As we separated, I suggested that there was a place nearby that we could slip off to later if she was so inclined. She seemed surprised and said that she thought that sounded like an enticing idea. We talked for a bit before we moved around the room to circulate, starting together, but eventually drifting apart as we talked to different people. Once dinner was served, I found that a seat had been saved for me between Erin and Sandy at a table where their other roommate for the night, Therese, was also seated. As we were eating, Erin and Sandy told me that they'd had an interesting conversation about me in my absence. I had a feeling that the cat was out of the bag, so I just smiled and asked with mock innocence what it could possibly have been about. They'd both been surprised to discover that I was screwing the other, but were more surprised that they hadn't told each other over the course of all of the years that it had been going. So not only was I not in trouble for it, they both had a lot of catching up to do on the subject and I was more than happy to be right in the middle of the conversation. I noticed that Therese was following along, too, with a bemused look on her face.

When it came up that Erin and I had already screwed each other that very night and I offered to show Sandy where and how, Sandy thought for a minute before saying that it didn't make sense when they had a room upstairs. I was ready to head up there right away, but Sandy stopped me by saying that we'd all be going up together after the party was over. I didn't want to throw a monkey wrench into the works, so I didn't ask what Therese was supposed to do, since last I'd heard, she was in a serious relationship with another woman. I was in a really good mood for the rest of the night but I couldn't help asking Sandy about Therese at one point while we were dancing. She responded by reminding me that she'd told me about her and Therese fooling around before and that Therese had dated guys in high school. What it came down to was that they were both bisexual, but Therese favored women while Sandy favored men. I asked if she knew whether Erin had ever had a bisexual experience but she wasn't sure although she was confident that if she hadn't, that was all going to change before sunrise. I didn't know how I was going to leave the dance floor because I was starting to pitch a tent.

When the night finally wound down, I headed out to my car to grab my bag; I hadn't even reserved a room for the night since I had been optimistic about spending it with either Erin or Sandy. The four of us headed up to their room and once inside I set down my bag and turned to them to see what was next. When nobody made a move, I suggested that I get naked, then watch as the three of them undressed. I moved up to the middle of one of the beds and began to unbutton my shirt. Erin grabbed her purse and whipped out a few singles which they waved at me as I shed my shirt and undershirt, revealing that she hadn't been the only one who'd been working out lately. My slacks went next, followed quickly by my briefs and socks. My cock was already rigid, so I stood at the edge of the bed and stroked it for them before lying back in the middle, propped up on a couple of pillows.

I'd seen both Sandy and Erin naked on numerous occasions, although that didn't make me any less interested in seeing them again, but I had never seen Therese naked and was looking forward to it just a little bit more. In high school, the three of them would have covered a fairly broad spectrum: Sandy was the most voluptuous with the biggest tits, Erin was the skinniest with very small tits and Therese was right in the middle with average size tits. Otherwise, though, there wasn't a lot of difference; Erin had black hair, Sandy dark brown and Therese light brown and they all were pretty fair skinned, though Erin was definitely the fairest. Sandy and Erin had both approached Therese's physique, other than their tits, over the years since high school.

I asked that they each strip off shirts first, followed by skirts so that I could see them in their lingerie. They all did with Sandy and Erin both wearing bikini panties and Therese a thong, Sandy in a low-cut bra and Erin in a demi-bra while Therese's bra perfectly complimented her breast size. Sandy asked if bras went next and I nodded, so she and Therese reached back while Erin worked on the front of hers. Sandy's big tits spilled out revealing her large areolas and thick nipples. Erin's small tits appeared with their small areolas and thin, hard nipples. Therese's tits were a nice size and shape, dappled with freckles with medium sized areolas and hard nipples. I could not resist these six beauties, so I got up and moved to the end of the bed where I fondled each of them and lowered my head to lick all of their nipples.

Since I was so close, I volunteered to remove all of their panties, too. I had each one step up onto the bed and knelt before them as I slid each of their panties down, my hands sliding over their asses, and placed a kiss on each of their lower abdomens. All three had trim bushes around their pussies. Sandy declared that she got to fuck me first since Erin already had and Therese never had yet, so waiting a bit longer for her wouldn't be as big a deal. I suggested that Sandy ride me, Therese straddle my head and Erin sit up on the headboard so that Therese could eat her. They all seemed amenable to this arrangement, so I lay in the middle of the bed while Sandy straddled me and guided my throbbing cock into her impossibly hot and slippery pussy, immediately starting to ride me. Therese stepped over my head and knelt over my face, her trim light brown bush coming within inches of my nose, so I grasped her ass in both hands and darted out my tongue to lick up the juices she was producing. Glancing up, I could see Erin position herself on the headboard with her legs spread wide as Therese leaned in and started licking her pussy.

It had been a pretty long while since I'd had a new pussy to eat, so was focused on Therese's, lapping up her secretions for a bit before slipping a finger inside and slurping her clit. I heard her moan into Erin's pussy as I started working on her clit, which I took as a really positive sign from somebody who'd probably been eaten by a few expert rug munchers. I could feel Sandy bouncing up and down over my hips and I didn't expect that it would take her very long to cum given that she'd all evening to think about the fact that Erin and I had already gotten it on. Her pussy felt great and I was only slightly disappointed that I couldn't see her big tits bouncing as she rode me, a disappointment that looking up and seeing Therese's tits pointing down at me seemed to ease.

I could hear Erin moaning above me, so she was clearly enjoying the first female tongue on her pussy, and Sandy's movements were suggesting that she was rapidly approaching an orgasm herself. I didn't know Therese's body well enough to be sure that she was getting something out of what I was giving her, but the longer I licked and sucked her clit and fingered her pussy, the more engorged she became and the more fluid was running down my finger. Erin's moans were getting closer together and higher in pitch, so I suspected she'd be cumming in short order but when Sandy joined in the chorus, I wondered who would be cumming first. I was hoping that whoever it was, Therese wouldn't be far behind them.

Sandy's movements went from building up to a frenetic pace to suddenly going into slow motion as she let out a low moan. I could envision her with her eyes closed and her mouth open, a shiver passing through her as she came. Before she started moving again, Erin let out a cry above me and I could feel the tremors in her body as they went down her legs to her feet and caused the bed to vibrate on either side of my head, beyond Therese's knees. As soon as Erin finished cumming, both of Therese's hands dropped to my head and I felt her start to hump her pussy toward my face. She started moaning so I glanced up past her swaying tits and saw that her eyes were cinched shut but her face looked like she was concentrating hard. I felt Sandy moving slightly and soon her big tits were hanging against my chest, so I assumed that she was doing something to Therese's back or ass. I moved the one hand from Therese's ass down until I was able to cup one of Sandy's hanging breasts, her nipple hard against my palm.

Finally, with a deep moan, Therese began to tremble and I was awash in a flood of nectar. I continued to lap at her clit and finger her until she let out a long sigh and began to dismount my head. Sandy straightened up and took her tit away from my hand but continued to slowly ride me as the three of them conferred on what to do next. It went without saying that I'd be fucking Therese next and Therese had just eaten Erin so we decided that I would fuck Therese doggie-style while she went down on Sandy. Erin just had to decide whether she wanted to be eaten by me or by Sandy. She seemed torn so I suggested that she let me eat her just long enough for a taste, then move over to Sandy so she could continue to satisfy her newfound curiosity. This seemed to work for everyone, so Sandy sat at the head of the bed with her back against the headboard and her legs spread. I admired her big tits and trim brown bush as Therese moved into position on all-fours with her head between Sandy's thighs. Therese's ass looked fine and I realized too late that, after I had stripped their panties off, I should have had them turn and model their asses for me.

I ran my hands over her cheeks before guiding my tool into her tight, slippery pussy, thinking immediately that I wasn't going to be good for very much longer. Erin stepped over so that her pussy was right in my face and I had to admire the trim black bush before leaning in to lap up what juices Therese had left behind for me. I was torn because I wanted my hands on Erin's ass and on Therese's hips at the same time. I figured since Erin was only going to be looming over me briefly, I'd enjoy her taut ass while I had the opportunity, so I moved a hand up to each cheek. While I was slowly sliding my cock in and out of Therese's sweet pussy, I was lapping at Erin's clit and holding her pussy in front of me with my hands firmly gripping her ass.

It turned out that Erin still had plenty of juiciness to spare which I slurped up while also licking and sucking her clit. I was more focused on enjoying that than I was on Therese's pussy, mainly because I knew I'd only be enjoying it briefly, at least for now. I never stopped or hesitated in sliding my cock in and out of Therese, but I was relishing the pussy in my face more than the pussy wrapped around my cock. When I started to feel a bit selfish, knowing that I wasn't giving either pussy 100% of my attention, I looked up at Erin with her nectar all over my chin and told her she didn't want to miss out on Sandy's skilled tongue. She was looking back at me a bit glassy-eyed, but she moved away from my face and over to Sandy's which still left her ass within arm's reach.
