 It was a hot and humid night outside, but no one noticed. It was now early Wednesday and the party had started early Tuesday, but again no one noticed. It was Noni's birthday and everyone was celebrating especially Noni. She was on the dance floor showing her ass, literally and it was a damn fine ass I must admit. 

Ah, to be twenty-five again instead of my all too real age of fifty-three. Well, maybe not. I've worked and played hard for every one of these gray hairs, and I wouldn't trade the memories or the experience for youth. 

I've always thought youth was wasted on the young and I'm a perfect example of a misspent youth. If I would have known I'd live this long, I would have taken a lot better care of myself.

Ok, so I'm wandering, just chalk it up to a hangover under construction, and we'll go on. Now where was I, oh yes, Noni was showing her ass. Funny thing is, I was the only one who seemed to notice. Did it happen so often as to not rate a second glance? Sorry, that ass with just the tee back of a thong covering the crack would draw second and third glances anywhere. 

The crowd in here was ninety plus percent under thirty, so I can't blame it on they're eyesight or lack of attention span. Of course, you have to take into consideration the alcohol levels, which are pretty high and that there are two or more women for every guy. I'd forgotten what Louisiana bars were like. I thought gambling had killed them all, but I'm happy to report at least one is alive and well.

Noni was facing the jukebox with the hem of her white sheath dress up around her waist. Her hips are swaying and rolling with the music. She's short at maybe five foot two but most of it is legs and ass. One of those nice high heart shaped asses. Her long black hair is swinging and swaying in counter point to her ass. 

She bent forward and shook her ass. The tee back was slowly sinking out of sight between the rounded globes of her ass cheeks. As she straightened, she drops the hem and it slides slowly down covering the sexy show she is putting on.

There are two blondes at the far end of the bar that are hitting on the bartender one minute and each other the next. Well, maybe not but then again who cares? I came out of the closet at fifteen as a lesbian and I've always loved my life style. The bartender has a helper that is almost his twin and they keep swapping shirts and hats trying to confuse the drunks. Now the two blondes are hitting on the helper. 

The group at the corner of the bar is now short one member. She left her lunch and probably several other peoples in the ladies room and had to say good night. That broke up the pool game on the middle table. What is it about a woman bent over a pool table in tight shorts that is so erotic? It could be that I'm an ass man and it doesn't matter what they are wearing as long as it shows off their cute butts.

The two ladies playing pool on the back table are wearing loose slacks and I have hardly noticed, except one of them wanted to use her martial arts training on the table when she missed a shot.

Some drunk is trying to dance with Noni but she would rather dance by herself so she can turn loose. 

I will say that there is never a dull moment. Well yes there is, the bartender just called last call at three in the morning, and there's no place else to go. Damn the bad luck.

Well, what the hell, you can't party all the time. I have to be at work tonight at seven, so I'll sign Noni's card and call it a night. I mean morning. 

As I'm signing the card, Noni walks over to read what I'm writing. It says. "Hope you have many more and enjoy them all." 

For the first time tonight she speaks to me. "Is that birthdays, dances, or whatever?" She says with a slightly drunken laugh.

"Darlin', you read into it what you want out of it," I answer.

She laughs again. "I've seen you watching me. That last dance was for you until the drunk showed up. I wish they would ask before they start dancing with me. I had something special planned but he messed it up."

I lifted one eyebrow and said, "Oh." She grinned and nodded. "That's my usual luck. If it wasn't for bad luck, I'd have no luck at all," I added.

Still grinning, she took a short step back, and looked me up and down. "Maybe your luck won't be as bad as you think. Don't get in no hurry to leave. They usually make last call two or three times before they actually throw us out." 

Saying that, she turned and walked back down to the other end of the bar, where she had been sitting all day and night long. She was right. I had three more beer before they started to pick up the glasses and bottles off the bar.

I had been drawn into a conversation with the two lesbians. We had been laughing and quite loud. When the bartender picked up my beer, I turned to see where Noni was. She was gone. Damn, I should have paid more attention. Oh well, I guess my luck was going to be bad after all.

*****

I walked outside to be greeted by a thin streak of sunrise to the east on this cool dewy, wet morning. I stretched, and then walked around the corner of the building toward the side parking lot. I literally ran into Noni. I wrapped my arms around her quickly before she fell. 

As I got us steadied on our feet, she looked up into my face and a big grin spread across it. "I was hoping you hadn't left," she said before I kissed her softly on the lips. She returned the kiss for a moment before pushing me away. 

"Slow down there, Tex, I still have to dance for you." She finished with a laugh. "I was going back inside to get my birthday card but I'll get it later. Right now I have another idea if you have a car and nothing better to do," she said leaning against the wall and looking up at me.

I smiled and answered. "I've got a truck and I don't have to be anywhere until seven tonight. It wouldn't matter anyway, as I can think of nothing better to do than you. I mean spend time with you." I finished quickly.

She laughed and said. "Hold that thought. I might just take you up on it later. Right now I need some coffee and something to eat." 

Seeing the grin spreading across my face, she hastily added. "Food. I mean food." She laughed and continued. "I see I'm going to have to make myself clear around you and watch what I say. You're sharp and witty and I like that."

As we started across the parking lot toward my truck, she hung back a little and I heard her say, "Hmmm, not a bad ass either, for an older guy that is." I chuckled and kept walking.

I helped her into the truck and was rewarded with a closer look at her great legs all the way up to the tight white cloth covering her sex. Reflexively I licked my lips and she laughed. 

"Hold that thought also. I'll bet you're better than half the women in that place tonight and most of them have had lots of practice."

It was my turn to laugh. "What makes you think I haven't had as much practice? I've had a lot more time to work on it."

With a big grin she replied, "That sounds like a promise or a threat to me. I'll have to keep that in mind also."

With a grin of my own I closed the door, walked around to get in the truck, and started it up. As I backed up and got ready to pull out on the highway, she slid slowly over and snuggled up under my right arm. The short dress was again high on her lovely thighs and my right hand rested lightly on the side of her right breast, covered only with thin white cloth. When I let it rest there and didn't make a move to caress her breast, she looked up at me and smiled. 

"A gentleman also? That I will definitely have to remember. There are not many of those left around, I'm sorry to say." 

She paused a moment as I reached the red light on the corner. "Left a block is a good café, the food is good, and the price is reasonable."

When the light changed, I made the left, drove to the small restaurant, and parked in front. When I started to move my arm so I could turn off the truck, she did it for me, then turned more toward me, and pulled my head down so we could kiss gentle. 

We were both getting into the kiss with no end in sight, when there was a knock on the glass next to us. We both jumped and moved apart. A girl who resembled Noni was staring in the window and grinning. 

As I cranked it down as she said. "Hey girlfriend, get a room, this is a respectable place; well sort'a." She finished with a husky laugh.

Noni laughed and shook her head. "For once I'm the one necking in the parking lot, and who shows up but Miss Who Give's a Fuck Who's Watching, herself." 

She shook her head again and grinned. "Trudy, meet Ray. Ray this is Trudy, the owner of the place we're making out in front of. She's also my boss, so I guess we will have to be good and go get breakfast. She's also my best friend, so I can tell her to fuck off." She finished with a laugh.

Trudy laughed and shook her head. "That's no way to talk to your mother. Hello Ray, how did you get tangled up with my daughter?" Before I could answer, she continued. "Never mind, I figure she was celebrating her birthday and you were helping. I try to stay out of her business, she's of age and on her own." 

She grinned at her daughter and said. "He's a better grade of stray, than you usually bring around. A little old, but much better, dear." With a laugh she turned and went back inside.

Noni grinned after her Mom, before turning back toward me. "Well, you passed the first two tests with flying colors." 

When I looked at her funny, she explained, "You kiss good and Mom didn't scare you off. The fact that Mom likes you is a strike against you though." She finished with a chuckle. 

I wasn't real sure how to reply to that, so I just smiled and kept quiet. She grinned at my silence and said, "Smart move. Shall we go eat, so Mom can look you over, she's going to like what she sees and will probably make at least one pass at you."

It was my turn to chuckle as I asked, "Should I take her up on it or just shine it on?" 

This made Noni laugh. I got out of the truck and offered her my hand. As she slid across the seat to get out, the white dress rode up to her waist. She paused on the edge of the seat, saying, "For now, just be polite and nice. As for taking her up on it, I'll let you know about that later, after I check out a few things about you for myself." 

She grinned as she watched me look openly at her legs, thighs, and crotch. "You aren't bashful, that's for sure," she said taking my hand and stepping down out of the truck. The dress was still up around her waist and she took her time pulling it down.

"Bashful?" I said with a big grin. "I didn't know you knew that word." She laughed as she took my arm and moved so I could close the truck door. 

*****

Once inside the restaurant and seated in a back booth, Nina said, "Tell Mom I'll have my usual, I need to visit the little girls room. I've had far to many beers since my last visit."

I chuckled and said, "Yeah, beer has a tendency to cause that. Speaking of drinks do you want coffee or tea?"

She grinned and replied, "The bar in the casino is still open, so I'll have another beer."

Trudy came over to take our order. After she had it written down, she stood there a moment longer looking at me. As the silence grew, a grin spread over her face. When I cocked my head over to the side and asked, "Is there anything else?" 

She laughed, shook her head slowly, and turned to go. As she passed her daughter returning from the restroom, I heard her say, "No, I didn't make a pass at him and he didn't make one at me." When Noni laughed, her Mom added, "Although the thought has crossed my mind. Just remember if you get tired of him...." She let the sentence trail off as she continued on toward the kitchen.

Noni sat down beside me, cuddling up close before whispering, "You passed the Mom test." After a moment she added almost to herself, "I'm worried about Mom though, she didn't make a pass at you."

I chuckled and said, "Maybe I'm to old for her tastes."

Noni laughed and then kissed me on the cheek. "You don't know my Mom, eighteen to eighty, blind, crippled or crazy. There ain't a man alive that she doesn't go for, as long as they are nice and polite." 

After a moments silence, she continued, "Well, maybe she ain't quite that bad, but close to it. She does date a lot of different guys but she's very picky about who she brings home, if you know what I mean." When I grinned at her, she smiled and added, "So am I, for that matter."

Trudy brought our food and since things were slow, she sat down with us to talk as we ate. She and Noni did most of the talking, that is. I just listened and ate. 

As the meal ended, Noni asked her Mom, "Is it busy in the back?"

Trudy shook her head before replying, "Not really, just the usual bunch, and a few truckers from the motel next door. You know things don't pick up at this time of night until the horse track opens up next month."

"Then you won't mind if I use the show room." Noni asked with a grin. When her Mom raised her eyebrows, Noni laughed and added, "No Mom, I want to dance for Ray here and I need a little privacy and some music."

Trudy laughed and replied, "I've seen you dance, and I know where it can lead, so don't "No Mom" me." She glanced over at me and continued, "Yes, you can use the room, just don't turn on any more lights than the stage spots. Also use the door from my office, then I won't have a lot of nosy people wanting to know what you're doing in there." 

With this said, she grinned and winked at me. "I hope you enjoy the show, Noni doesn't dance for just anyone normally but herself." 

When I told her, "I've already noticed that," she chuckled and stood up. 

"Do you dance?" I asked.

She looked down at me for a second and then grinned, before she replied, "I've been known to, for the right person, at the right time." Glancing at her daughter she added, "Why do you ask? Do you want to compare our dancing styles or just see if we both like to show our asses?"

I chuckled and shook my head, "No, I was just making conversation. Although, you do have a mighty fine look ass in those tight jeans."

Trudy laughed and turned to walk back toward the kitchen. Noni and I both laughed as she paused near the door, stuck her ass out, and wiggled it from side to side. 

"Shake it Mama," Noni said loudly. Trudy grinned over her shoulder and stepped through the door into the kitchen.

Noni chuckled and turned toward me, she studied my face for a moment before speaking, "That was nice of you. I could tell from Mom's conversation that she wasn't sure how to act around you. She was being way to nice and even watching her language. That's something totally out of character for her; let me tell you. Usually she talks like she wants to and says what she thinks, in no uncertain terms."

Nodding, I replied, "I kind of figured as much, just from listening, but I was only making conversation. I didn't really mean anything by the question."

Noni leaned over and gave me a peck on the cheek before she said, "I know that and so does she, but she had to make something out of it or bust. When you complimented her on her ass, it made her day and also let her know that you were no prude. Although how she could have thought that, I don't understand. You are with me after all." 

I had to laugh at that. Noni grinned and asked, "Are you ready for that dance, I promised you?"

Now it was my turn to grin as I replied, "You bet your sweet ass, I am. Let me pay the bill first though, I'd hate for your Mom to think I was a dead beat and call the cops."

Noni laughed and said, "No, she wouldn't call the cops, but I hope you like washing dishes." She paused for a second. "On second thought, I don't think you'd be washing dishes. I think she would find something much more interesting for you to do." 

She slid over and stood up next to the booth. When I was standing next to her, she put her arms around my neck and came up on her toes to kiss me. I don't mean a little peck either, I'm just glad there were no smoke sensors around, because I know there was smoke coming out of my ears by the time she let me go and stepped back. 

As I blew out a long breath, she grinned and said, "Okay, you go pay the bill and I'll meet you in the back. That kiss was to make sure you didn't get lost or something." 

With a wink, she turned and headed for the door to the casino. As she walked I noted the exaggerated swivel and sway of her hips and ass. At the door she glanced over her shoulder and grinned again before opening it and going inside.

Still grinning, I went to the cashier's station and waited for Trudy. She came out of the kitchen after a moment, saw me, and looked around for her daughter. 

"She went back to the casino," I said.

"Oh, okay," she said as she rang up my bill. "I thought maybe she had bugged out and left you as a tip for me."

Chuckling I replied, "Trust me, you'd be better off with money."

She held my change for a moment before handing it to me, saying, "Hmmm, I think the man does protest to much. Just do me a favor and remember where this place is." With a grin she finished, "A man who compliments my ass is always welcome."

I nodded and laid an extra five on the counter as I said, "I think you'll be seeing more of me, if I have anything to say about it, that is. Noni is a nice young lady and her Mom ain't bad either."

When I turned to go toward the back, Trudy said softly, "For an older guy, your ass ain't bad either." I grinned at her over my shoulder and winked.

*****

Noni was sitting at the bar, sipping on a beer, and talking to the bartender. As I walked across the room toward her, I noted that there were only a half dozen people scattered around the large room. 

As I stopped next to Noni, the bartender asked, "Do you want something to drink?"

I thought a moment before replying, "I'll have a beer also."

When I had my beer, Noni leaned over and whispered, "Follow me." 

She slipped off her stool and headed toward a door at the back of the room marked, office. She entered a numeric code on a keypad next to the door and then opened the door. 

Once inside she said, "Some of the people around here are real nosy, especially that bartender. It will drive her nuts trying to figure out what we're doing in here." Walking across the room she opened another door and indicated for me to enter the dark room beyond. 

It wasn't actually dark, once I passed through a drapery hanging over the door. There were small lights here and there around the small room. As my eyes adjusted to the dim light I thought we were in a small conference room except there was no table. Couches and over stuffed chairs were placed around the room seemingly at random except they all faced the wall to my left. That's when I noticed the stage; it was about four feet above the floor and ran the whole length of the wall.

Noni had stood quietly next to me as our eyes adjusted and then she said, "Well, what do you think of my private little club house?"

I chuckled and replied, "It's a nice place but a little extravagant for one person, don't you think?"

She laughed as she took my hand and led me over to a couch directly in front of the stage. "Actually this was the high rollers club room when the previous people owned the place. Mom doesn't believe in special treatment for people, just because they have a lot of money to throw away. She treats them all the same, rich, or poor. I think in the long run it has paid off for her; she has a lot of loyal customers. Why don't you sit down right here and get comfortable, while I get ready to dance for you."

I sat down as she climbed a set of steps at the end of the stage and disappeared behind a curtain. I sipped at my beer as I waited for Noni to get ready. After a couple of minutes, I sat my beer on a small table near by and leaned back to relax. A small noise from the back of the room jolted me back up right. I turned and scanned the dim area toward where I thought the noise had come from, but I couldn't see anything. I was about to get up and go investigate, when the stage spotlights flared on the dark burgundy curtain. 
