 Leaning my head against the steering wheel I decided that I'd just lived the worse day of my life. At this point I couldn't think of any way possible for it to get worse, except for maybe a building falling on my head. As far as that possibility went I'd just make sure I stayed near only one-story buildings that way maybe it wouldn't kill me. Laughing at myself I closed my eyes thinking that all I wanted to do right now was sleep for about a year.

This day from hell had started out like any other. The sun had came through my window and fell quietly across my face, waking me by degrees. I'd just sat up in bed when my phone rang. I remember thinking what a perfect way to start my day off by talking to my lover. I'd grabbed the phone up and for my hello I told Mark that I missed him. I knew something was wrong when he said the most hated words in the English language. 'We need to talk." 

I swallowed hard. "Sure, what's up?" I think I knew somewhere in the back of my mind what was coming. We'd been dating for two years now and we knew each other better than we knew ourselves. So I thought.

He took a deep breath, as if bracing himself then let the bomb drop. "This long distance dating just isn't cutting it anymore. I need someone I can see everyday." When he cleared his throat I knew the worse of it was coming. "You see Dawn, I've started dating someone here. I just couldn't keep waiting on you to finish school and come back. I hope you understand."

Even ten hours later I still felt like my heart had been ripped from my chest. I closed my eyes and wished that after that phone call this morning I'd just pulled the covers over my head and slept the rest of the day away. But no, I'd forced myself to get up and move and started my day by getting ready for work. 

I should have known that when it rains it pours, literally. I walked out of my apartment around nine to find my car window smashed in and my books for school gone. All I could do was stare in shock and disbelief as the light drizzle turned into a downpour. I called work and told them I was going to be late, and then I had to wait on the cops to take their sweet-ass time showing up. Not that it did me any good. After an hour of waiting they finally showed up, looked at my car and informed me that there was absolutely nothing they could do about getting my books back or the damage to my car. After much cussing and grumbling I gave up and went vacuumed as much glass and water out as I possibly could then headed on into work. 

I really should've known that work wouldn't be any better, not with the way my luck was running. As I pushed through the door of work and I saw Stephanie behind the counter and knew my day was just going to get worse. If there was one person I couldn't get along with it was her. She was born a bitch and thought it was her right to make everyone's life a living hell, especially mine. She had a chip the size of Texas on her shoulder and hated any woman that was pretty, over five three and didn't weigh two hundred pounds. Needless to say that put me smack dab in the middle of her hell zone. 

I wouldn't say I'm drop dead gorgeous or anything like that but I'm not going to be breaking any mirrors either. I'm five-six and on a bad day pushed the scale to only one- eighteen. I've got a firm little body with a small waist and a nice ass. The one thing I hate about my body are my breast, simply because I'm more nipples than breast. My saving glory is my long black hair, which I tend to wear in a braid but when it is down it falls in thick waves to my waist. To top the picture off I've got baby blue eyes that tilt up at the corners, giving me an exotic look.

I reluctantly started my shift and tried to stay clear of Stephanie but she went out of her way to ride my ass. I took as much as I could before I snapped and told her to take a flying leap. On my way out the door I told the other manager I quit. Thinking back on it now, that might just be the high light of this miserable day.

I opened my eyes and looked up at my apartment and started to laugh as I remembered my best friend's words when I called to tell her about my day. She'd laughed and told me to disappear for the rest of the day so that no one else could find me, and nothing else could go wrong. As normal her advice was worth its weight in gold. 

I'd gone to the mountains and sat beside of the water for hours just thinking and feeling sorry for myself. I don't think it actually hit me until it had started getting dark and I headed back toward town that I was jobless. I contemplated about that as I stopped and grabbed something to eat, which is why I probably did the dumbest thing ever in my life.

Sitting in the parking lot of a fast food joint I looked across the street and saw a help wanted sign at a local strip club. I sat there and stared at the club and before I realized what I was doing I was in the parking lot starring at the pink, pink of all colors, building. I sat there for a long time before I worked up enough courage to get out and walk in. It felt unbelievable that I was even here, completely incomprehensible that I was thinking about doing this. Taking a deep breath I pushed the door open and walked into the bar and walked into a different world. 

The air was heavy with smoke and the music was loud, pulsing throughout. I looked around and felt my eyes widen as I stared around the room. My eyes bounced from table to table to land on the stage where a girl with blonde hair slithered upside-down down the pole in the middle. That was definitely a trick I wanted to learn, I thought. I watched in utter fascination as men came toward the stage to tip her and decided this was something I could do. Out of no where a bouncer was at my side asking for identification. I handed it over and asked what I had to do to get a job. Minutes later I was in a dressing room the hustled up on stage where I danced to two songs and was hired as soon as I stepped off the stage.

Even now I had trouble believing that no-tits me would be stripping five nights a week. I shook my head and chuckled at myself as I pushed my door open and got out. I walked up the steps anticipating a quiet night alone and the look on Misty's face when she found out I was stripper now. I heard music coming from inside as I pushed my key into the lock and turned it. I pushed the door open and froze at the sight that greeted me. 

I couldn't believe my eyes as I stared around the living room at the fifteen or more people who smiled at me. I shut the door and leaned back against it for support as I looked around the room for Misty, my best friend. With the certainty that I would enjoy killing her is she didn't have a damn good excuse for this impromptu party, I picked my way through the maze of bodies littering my floor. I said hi to people as I passed them and headed for the kitchen, knowing I would find her there, or one of the bedrooms. I rubbed my hands together as images of the way I would slowly murder Misty filled my head.

I was just rounding the corner when I ran into a solid wall of a chest. I stumbled backwards and would've fallen if two strong hands hadn't grabbed my upper arms and held on tight. With my heart in my throat I looked up into my friend Zack's bottle green eyes. His full lips tilted at the corners as he stared down at me then he pulled me a little closer. "I knew you'd be happy to see me, but not even in my wettest dreams did I expect you'd to try and get me flat on my back so fast, and without even saying hello first." He tilted his head to the side and lowered his eyebrows. "I think I'm feeling used." He gave me a fake pout and shook his dark head before releasing my arms and leaning back against the wall. "And here I thought I was more than just a sex object to you."

For the first time today I felt true happiness flood through my body, making me light headed as I smiled up at him. I moved closer to him and ran my finger tips up his chest. "You know I don't think of you that way Hun. Although I've go to admit I've been trying for years to find out what all the fuss is about when girls talk about you and that twin of yours." I stood on tiptoes and kissed his chin lightly and whispered in his ear. "From all the whispering I've heard you two must be gods in the bedroom or the back seat of a car to be exact." I leaned back and gave him a dry look. "I think I should be the one pouting. I mean think about it, I've known both of you for years now and neither of you've tried to get into my panties." I winked at him and shook my head. 

He started laughing and pulled me close for another hug. I laid my head on his chest and let my worries drift away while his strong arms held me tight. I closed my eyes and thought that at least I had this much from him. I knew he didn't take me serious about being attracted to him and in all truth I couldn't blame him. After all I did go out of my way most of the time to make sure he saw me as nothing but one of the guys. However, at times like this when he held me tight and my breast were squeezed tight against him, it was all I could do not to drop to my knees and beg. I couldn't help the small laugh that escaped at the mental image of me doing exactly that.

"What's so funny?"

Still laughing softly I leaned back in his arms and shook my head. "Hey, have you seen Misty? I've got something to tell her I think she'll get a kick out of."

"Oh really? I'll tell you where she is if you tell me first." I could feel the blush climbing my neck and shook my head and started to pull free but he tightened his arms. "Oh no you don't… now you really have to tell me." I started to tell him no but he smiled at me and kissed my nose. "I'm not letting go until you tell me what has you blushing that way."

Although I found that thought tempting I knew he was serious. "Fine I'll tell you if you promise not to say anything to anybody, including your brother." He agreed quickly then stared at me expectantly. I stared at the wall behind him and blurted out about me going into the strip club. I told him how excited I'd gotten just standing in the doorway and how I had auditioned and gotten the job. When I was done with my tale I looked back at his face. "To be honest Zack, I don't know why I even went in there in the first place but I think I'm going to love my job."

I meet his eyes and noticed he was looking at me funny but before I could say anything he shook his head. "You're not going to get pissed at me if I come to watch you, are you?" He smiled at me than winked. 

I started laughing. "Oh yeah right, I can see it now… you spending your money to come watch me take my clothes off and show everybody my tits." I shook my head and put my hands on his chest. "Stop teasing me, you lug head."

Zack opened his mouth but closed it without saying anything. He watched me for a second then shrugged and let go of my waist. "You were looking for Misty right?" He nodded his head in the direction of one the doors behind me as it opened. "There she is now with Matt, and unless I'm wrong, they look like they've been plotting something."

I glanced over my shoulder and watched Misty and Matt laughing, with their heads close together. "Oh damn. They are plotting." I looked back at Zack and shivered dramatically. "Those two are dangerous alone but put them together and there're down right lethal." I turned my head again and watched Matt and Misty size me up and shivered for real this time. "Oh God not today. I can't take it." I groaned bringing my hands to my face and peeking at them through my fingers. "I know I'm doomed now."

Zack laughed and slung his arm across my shoulder, turning toward the mischievous couple. "Ah come on Dawn, she's your best friend and he's my brother. They both know if they do something to outrageous we'll killed them in their sleep." He leaned down and kissed my cheek then smiled. "But for safety sake I think we need to separate them, and fast. Which one do you want?"

"I'll take Misty. I've more of a chance of scarring her."

I gave Misty a devious smile and crooked a finger at her. I had the pleasure of watching her face pale before Matt elbowed her and she started my way. When she drew even with me I took her arm and steered her toward the living room. "You know hun, when I left this morning I knew nothing of a party happening tonight. For that matter you didn't say anything when I called after cussing my boss out." I smiled at her, showing a great amount of teeth. "Now why I wonder, is that?"

She shrugged her shoulders and looked back toward where we had left the guys. Her voice dropped to a near whisper when she answered. "I'm worried about you. I thought this would be a great way to help you relax and have some fun." She turned her head and meet my eyes. "Was I wrong?"

A small smile hovered around my lips but I shook my head. "Thanks sis." I hugged her, holding on for a second longer than normal, enjoying the safety I felt in her arms. With my arms still around her I whispered in her ear. "Now are you going to tell me what's up with you and Matt?" 

She pulled back and shook her head. "Nope."

"And why not? From what I saw it looked like you two were discussing me."

She gave me a sheepish look than glanced around the room. "Well, we kinda did talk about you a little." She took a deep breath and looked back at me. "I called him earlier and told him about what all happened to you today. He was sweet and helped me set all this up. We were wondering when you'd show up when we walked out of the bedroom."

"So what was up with that measuring look I got from both of you, huh?"

"Dawn, we were worried about you, but it seems you are handling this all right."

"Hell I'm a big girl, I can take care of myself." 

"I know that." Misty glanced around the room then smiled up at me. "Well since you're here now don't you think we should get this party started?"

"Sounds like a plan to me." 

Laughing and holding hands we walked into the living room and called for quiet before we tugged the futon to the center of the room. We both stepped up on our makeshift stage and looked around. I smiled at people I knew and blew a kiss at Zack when he came in from the kitchen with Matt in-tow. He laughed and moved to sit by the wall, pulling his brother down after him.

I pulled my eyes away from the twins and looked around again, noticing new faces to our party scene. I wasn't to hot about that but figured what the hell, if they are here they knew the rules. The rules of our game were simple in that any thing and everything goes as long as no one gets hurt and it stays inside this apartment.

Once everyone was settled and quiet I cleared my throat. "Most of you probably know I've been having a day from hell and I just want to say thanks for coming tonight. And for those of you that have never been here before ask a neighbor about the rules of our game." We stepped off the futon and picked a place on the floor while Zack stepped up and spun a bottle to pick the first person to start it off. 

The bottle landed on Dave who started the game by picking a new girl to our crowd. She laughingly told about the first time she had sex I settled back and started enjoying myself. The normal questions were asked like how old were you the first time you had sex and so forth. By the third time around the room clothes were being taken off in all fashions of dares. I laughed when one girl had to strip then sing "I'm Going To Wash That Man Right Out Of My Hair" while doing all the motions of taking a shower. It was the stupid stuff like this that made these parties so much fun.

About five minutes later Dave stood up and called my name. I knew what was coming since I was one of the few people left with my clothes still on. I stood up and moved to the futon and awaited my fate. It wasn't long in coming. 

"Dawn, I dare you to take off your clothes and give each article of clothes to someone different and tell them why you're giving it to them. They in turn have to put it on somewhere on their body."

My mouth fell open and I stared at Dave. "Ah, come on. Couldn't you have just had me strip to music or something?" I heard a choked laugh and shot Zack a dirty look since I knew he was the only one who knew about my new job. He shrugged and looked at the floor but I could still tell he was fighting laughter. I decided to ignore him and looked back at Dave. " What the hell am I suppose to say to them when I give them my clothes, huh?" I asked.

He patted me on my shoulder then moved back to his place. When he sat down he smiled "You're a born smart ass Dawn, you'll think of something."

"Gee thanks, I feel so loved right now I could cry." Everyone laughed and I fought the smile teasing my lips. Acting put-upon I shrugged my shoulders then I toed off my boots and picked them up. I glanced around and spotted two girls that always acted as if my life was great no matter what was happening. I walked over and handed each a shoe. "Now you get to know what it feels like to walk in my shoes." Who knows, maybe they would get the hint.

I pulled my shirt over my head and held it to my side while I looked around for someone to give it to. Seeing my target I walked over and handed it to Jamie, the most handsome gay man I'd ever seen in my life. "Jamie you could do better justice to this shirt than I ever could." He laughed and took it from my hand, slipping it on.

I then looked over at Dave and took my bra off and tossed it to him. "Dave you can use all the padding in it for toilet paper, since we all know you never seem to have any."

With everyone laughing I took a moment to think of whom to give my pants to. When I glanced toward Matt and Zack an idea hit me. I quickly pushed my pants off, and then my black lace thongs followed suit. Holding one in each hand I walked toward the twins. I stopped right infront of Zack and tossed my panties to him, then tossed my pants to Matt. I smiled as I took a step back. "Since I've always wanted the both of you, here is my chance to get you in my pants and undies." I couldn't help but laugh at the look of shock that crossed both of their faces as I moved back to my spot.

I quickly picked someone and said the first dare that came to mind, although even I thought it wasn't all that original. I sat back and relaxed, laughing with everyone around me while I fought to keep my eyes from straying toward the twins across the futon from me. Even without looking at them I could picture the two of them sitting there and my traitorous body took on a mind of it's own. My nipples beaded and my pussy began to tingle from just imagining their hands racing over my skin.

I glanced around the room but my eyes seem to gravitate toward the duo. I saw them talking quietly while they watched me and I began to get nervous. I'd been lucky so far and hadn't been picked but once. But watching those two I knew I was in trouble. I bit my lip as I stared at them. God they were gorgeous, with their dark brown hair that fell to their shoulders and their piercing green eyes. They had been blessed with the face of a fallen angel, all planes and angles. And their lips… Oh what fantasies a girl could conjure up about them on her body.

I looked over at Misty and saw a small smile playing around her lips while she also watched the guys. I got a queasy feeling in the pit of my stomach as a small fleeting memory teased the back of my mind. It hit me between the eyes why that smiled bother me so much about the same time Matt got called on to do a dare. Last week I'd let it slip that I'd love a chance to find out what all the fuss was about when it came to Zack or Matt in bed. We had joked about it and I remember that I'd said I fuck them both and love every minute of it. 

My hands started to sweat while I tried to figure out if Misty might've said something to Matt while they'd been in the bedroom earlier. I knew she was worried about me but I didn't know if she would take that worry that far. If she'd let it slip, I'd made what ever she'd said worse since I'd done my dare the way I had.
