 (All persons engaged in sexual activity in this story are over 18 years old and any similarities between this story and real life are purely coincidental)

*****

My wife, Carol, and I were married in our early twenties and were fortunate enough to buy a home in a fantastic little neighborhood in Columbia, South Carolina. It was a dream come true to live in a historic home on a tree-lined street, and be able to establish our roots early in life. As life progressed, we decided to have children as our 40's were coming fast. Unfortunately, after several attempts, we resided in the fact that children were not something that would be part of our lives. However, life always provides a "Plan B" and our desire for children was replaced by our adoption of two, newborn, Springer spaniels, Abbott & Costello, and the arrival of the Johnson's. 

The Johnson's bought the home next to us that had been vacant, and largely unkempt, for about 2 years after an elderly woman, Mrs. Truman, passed away. The Johnson's brought with them their twin daughters, Gracie and Leah. These two, towhead blondes had enough energy to occupy the lives of a dozen parents, let alone Stan and Joan Johnson. Mudpies, lemonade stands, bike jumps, hide-and-go-seek games, birthday parties, sleepovers, you name it. Carol and I quickly became Aunt Carol and Uncle Dave; often babysitting, bandaging up wounds, piling up leaves in the autumn for them to play in, etc.

Good planning, hard work, and the right amount of luck allowed Carol and I to start planning our retirement with our sights set on 50 years old. We bought our dream retirement home near the beach in Hilton Head, South Carolina, and began spending weekends there on a regular basis. When possible, the Johnson clan would come along for a weekend in the sand and waves and as much golf as Stan and I could fit in. It was fun to see Gracie and Leah growing up with just as much life and vivaciousness as they had as little kids.

And then, as life would have it, life threw me a tragic curveball. Carol, just after her 50th birthday, was killed in a bike accident. I was left without the love of my life for the best years still ahead of us. I was devastated. The Johnson's kept me company, but they had busy lives; keeping up with growing teens, busy jobs, remodeling their home, and trying to plan their future as well. Life just wasn't the same around the big house on Madison Street. I sold that home and moved to my place in Hilton Head. The home Carol and I had prepared perfectly for the two of us provided way too many sad memories and so I sold it and purchased another one nearby. A smaller place, but with all the amenities I needed; on a golf course and a short ride to the beach. 

Everyone had the best of intentions to come visit, but life just gets busy. Without Carol, the life of the party, I'm not sure visiting me carried the same attractiveness. But, I was never one to grovel long, and I quickly threw myself into an active lifestyle of golf, community service, and travel to adventurous locations around the world. I dated here and there, but never felt any desire to have anything more than a good time with whomever was around at the time. 

What seemed like a lifetime, but was probably more like 5 or 6 years later, while out tending to what little yard work I had, I heard my cell phone in the kitchen pinging away. I made a feeble attempt to answer it in time, but I didn't make it. The unrecognized number was probably a telemarketer and so I ignored the call. And then, my phone pinged again, letting me know the caller had left a voicemail. Curious as to who it was, I tapped on the icon and a female voice came to life:

"Hey Uncle Dave. This is Gracie. Leah is right here with me too. We hope you remember us. We had a question to ask you. Call us back sometime. Hope you're doing well. Mom and Dad say 'hi' and we all still really miss Aunt Carol."

"Do I remember you," I laughed at the question. How could someone forget. I think I still have chalk dust on my hands from drawing endless numbers of hopscotch games on the sidewalk. "What could they possibly want," I wondered to myself.

I cleaned up my hands and hit redial on the phone. After a few rings, the same female voice answered, "Hello. This is Gracie."

"Gracie," I said with excitement, "It really is you. This is Uncle Dave calling you back."

"Oh my god," she yelled, "Leah, get over here. It's Uncle Dave. Here, let me put my phone on speaker."

"Hey Uncle Dave, this is Leah," said another familiar voice.

"How the hell are you two crazy girls," I asked? "What are you up to these days?"

Speaking in twin-like unison they said, "Uncle Dave, we're not girls anymore (laughing). We are both seniors in college at USC and just turned 21 the other day."

"Holy crap. Now that really makes me feel old. Happy belated birthday! Did you have a rainbow cake for your birthday and fight over who blew out more candles?"

Laughing they said, "Noooooo. And you're not old. Give us a break."

"Well, I'm glad you think that. So, what prompted you to call me," I asked inquisitively?

"We want to come see you."

"You mean you want to come to the beach and need a free place to crash," I said laughing.

"Well, that too, but we do really want to see you. Would it be okay to come?"

"Sure. I am actually traveling next week, but then I'm home for a few months. When can you come?" 

"Is it okay if we come the Sunday after you get home?"

"Sure. That will give me a couple days to get home and get ready for the 'Johnson Storm' to hit my house."

"Ha ha. We promise not to slide down the stairs on the couch cushions any more."

"Well, I actually sold that two-story place. My new place is very nice, but smaller. It is closer to the beach and I have a jacuzzi in my yard and a small soaking pool."

"That sounds great. Text your new address to this number and we'll see you soon. We're really excited to see you Uncle Dave."

"I'm excited to. I could use a change of pace."

I headed out on a solo golf trip to Florida the following week, but stayed in touch with Gracie and Leah about their upcoming visit. At my request, they sent me a list of all the foods and drinks I should stock the place with. Tequila, margarita mix, Rose wine, and some good Mexican beer for the pool was an early indication of how much they'd grown up since I last saw them. Gone were the days of marshmallow-laced cereal and popsicles for the pool. 

The last day of my golf trip, I got paired up with a woman. Camile was 65 years old and didn't look a day over 50. The fake, D-cup tits she added for her 50th birthday were still looking very good and provided ample cleavage for me to enjoy while we played. Our round of golf naturally became drinks and dinner at the clubhouse bar and then an invitation back to her place. "Any chance you'd like to accompany me to my place for dessert," she asked as she placed her hand on my inner thigh at the bar?

"Couldn't we just have dessert here," I asked jokingly?

Leaning in and whispering in my ear, while sliding her hand up the thigh of my shorts toward my hardening cock, she said, "Not the kind of dessert I have at home."

I followed her back to her condo, keeping my car nearby for an escape if needed. Her condo was lavishly decorated and had a full-bar and pool table in the living room. She headed for her room to clean up after golf and I made some drinks. Camile returned in a mid-thigh length, silk robe. She had let down her long, blonde (colored) hair and came strolling over to me; her big rack leading the way. She wasn't the hottest babe, but for 65 she was fucking unbelievable; a little nicely plump (more padding for the pushing as they say).

We started sipping our drinks and she asked if I wanted to shoot some pool. "Sure. That sounds like fun."

As the game started, it was obvious she didn't play much, but it was equally obvious she didn't care. As I was about to take a shot, she came up behind me and ran her hand down my ass and around the back of my crotch. "Is that distracting," she asked innocently?

"No, not at all," I said as I completed the shot. As she lined up to take a shot I ran my hand up under her robe, finding nothing else there but her bare ass and said, "I'll bet this is."

She dropped the pool stick on the table, turned around, untied her robe and let it fall open. Her well tanned body, with the slightest bikini tan lines, was stunning. She had huge areolas to go with her giant tits and the full bush you'd expect from a more mature woman. She moved toward me and tugged at my shorts. I quickly removed everything below the waist, my dick about 75% hard, and pulled off my shirt. We moved together and began to kiss and fondle each other.

She took me by the hand and led me to the couch, "I want you to fuck me like wild young people on a couch." With that, she laid down, spread her legs, and I reached down and put my fingers in her wet, bushy cunt and started exciting her clit. I hadn't given oral sex to a woman with a bushy pussy like this in quite some time and it was fun to lick through her hair to find her clit and suck it into my mouth. It didn't take long and she was screaming with orgasm.

As she climaxed, she reached up, grabbed me by the ass and pulled me into her lair. My cock easily found her pussy and we started fucking like rabbits right there on her couch. As I pounded her pussy, my balls crashing into her snatch, she screamed for me to fuck her harder and harder. I was glad to be getting a good work out, but seriously, I couldn't fuck much harder. Finally, just as she came again, almost without warning, I blasted a load of hot, white cum into her pussy. The intensity of my orgasm lasted a short time and she nudged me to get up. As I stood up, a bit of cum still dripping from her creampie, she took my cock in her hands and drained what was left of me by sucking it into her mouth. 

"Oh my god, you were amazing," Camile said, out of breath. "I never get sex like that."

"Fuck. You were wild, too. That was incredible."

"Listen, I gave you my number during golf. Text me if you're ever back in town. But, my husband, the old shithead, will be home in about 30 minutes, so you better go."

"I'll definitely call you next time I'm down here," I said as I finished getting dressed and headed out with one last, french kiss. 

"What the hell," I thought to myself. "She a fucking horny one. Fucking me like an animal on her couch and then sending me packing because her old man was almost home." I laughed all the way back to my hotel; thankful for the last night romp I got to have. 

The next morning, I packed my things and headed for the airport. My mind was focused back on the upcoming visit from the terrible twosome; the Johnson girls. The next day, I shopped for everything on the list, cleaned up the guest room, and got some housework done so I could be a good host for Gracie and Leah. Sunday, my day started off with a text from Gracie:

Gracie: We should be there about 4.

Me: Sounds great. I can't wait.

Gracie: Have some margaritas ready. The traffic is going to suck.

I stopped by the guard house to let them know I had visitors coming, visited the driving range, and then putzed around the house all day. As I was dozing off, watching a baseball game from my recliner, the buzzer to my front door woke me up. I jumped up with excitement to have my girls visit and made it to the door in a few steps. I yanked open the front door and the girls were not there.

In their place were two unbelievably hot, sexy, young women with ripped, mind-boggling bodies that would stop a train. They were, of course, dressed exactly alike. Tight jean shorts and loose fitting, bare midriff shirts and flip flops. They had the hallmark, towhead blonde hair I remembered, but nothing else was the same. Their tanned legs kept going and going; each standing about 5' 8". One of them had a rack to die for, easily 36C cups, and the other one had gorgeous, smaller, A or B-cup tits that were perky as fuck.

"Uncle Dave," they both screamed as they engulfed me in a hug. Fortunately, at 6' 3" I could easily handle both of them nearly tackling me.

"Wow. Hey girls," I said, hugging them back; awkwardly trying to make sure my hands stayed in appropriate places.

"Girls?," one of them said.

"Do you know which is which," the other one asked?

"I have no idea," I admitted.

"I'm Gracie," said the one on the right.

"And I suppose your Leah," I said to the one on the left laughing. "Now how am I supposed to keep you straight?"

"Leah's boobs are bigger," Gracie said laughing.

"Oh my god Gracie," Leah said, playfully slapping her sister. "He doesn't want to hear that."

Thinking that was a surefire way I'd remember, I changed the subject, "Shall I show you around?"

"Let's get a margarita first," Gracie exclaimed!

We headed to the kitchen and I made some margaritas while we caught up on their parents, the drive down, school, and all the other little things in the years since we'd talked. I handed each one a margarita and said, "Cheers! To a fun reunion of good ol' times."

"Cheers! To even better new times," Leah added.

"Oh fuck. This tastes good," Gracie said gulping down the margarita.

I began the tour of my place. Showing them the kitchen, bar, and family room and then heading down the hallway. "Here's a half bath, then my office, and then the guest bedroom and bath, there's a large shower, but no tub. Across the hall here is the master suite."

"Uncle Dave! I love your bed," Leah said falling backwards onto my large, overstuffed, king size, 4-poster bed with a light mosquito like netting around the top for decorative effect.

"You think that's nice. Check out this bathroom," Gracie said to her sister.

"Uncle Dave, this place is the bomb," Leah said.

"Thanks. Wait until you see outside."

I showed them the private patio, built-in jacuzzi, outdoor kitchen and bar, and the cabana bed to lounge on near the small soaking pool. "I'll bet the special woman in your life loves to come over here," Gracie said.

"Ha! That would be no one then. Just me and occasional friends I have over."

"Oh, I get it," Leah started talking to Gracie, "Uncle Dave is a man of many women."

"I'm sure he is! Look at him," Gracie said playfully spanking my butt.

Again, trying to avoid the obvious fact that these two were making me horny as hell, but were definitely untouchable, I said, "Let's go get your stuff and get you set up in your room."

We gathered their bags from their car and carried everything in. They wanted to shower and change before going out to dinner, so I showed them where the towels were and how to use the shower so they didn't scald themselves. As I was leaving the guest room and closing the door behind me, I heard one of them say, "Let's just shower together, it will go faster."

If their cute bodies bouncing around wasn't enough, the thoughts of them soaping up and showering together made my dick start to get hard. I fought back the feeling with everything I had. But, I knew, before the week was over, I was going to pop a huge boner in their presence if I wasn't careful.

They came out dressed for dinner. Leah and her big tits were in a cleavage-highlighting, scoop-neck t-shirt and painted on yoga pants that hugged her bubbly ass and crept up her crack. Gracie was in a loose sundress and when she bent over to adjust the strap on her sandals, it was very obvious she wasn't wearing a bra; her puffy nipples were gorgeous.

We headed to dinner at a local sports bar and clearly all the men inside thought I was the luckiest dad around to have these two blonde babes as my daughters. If I had a dollar for every eye that undressed them in that place, I'd be a very wealthy man. We had a couple drinks at dinner and I laughed my ass off as they told college stories; many of which I was probably not supposed to hear.

"Anyway, because the guy was buzzed, and couldn't tell the difference, he never knew he started making out with one of us and ended up with the other at the same party," Gracie said ending one of the stories. 

We headed back to my house. As we entered, I bid them goodnight and headed off to bed. They protested a little, but I was still pretty tired from my trip the week before and I promised a more lively Uncle Dave the rest of the week. As I was getting into bed, there was a light tap on my door, "Uncle Dave," Leah said, "Can we use the jacuzzi? We'll be quiet. Promise."

"Of course. Just pull the cover off. All the controls are easy to use."

I climbed into bed and was bound and determined to think about something other than the two of them in the jacuzzi. I heard them pull back the cover of the jacuzzi, turn on the jets, and giggle a little as they no doubt were enjoying themselves. After about 10 minutes, having no luck not thinking about them, I convinced myself I needed a drink from the fridge. I got up, put on a robe, and tip-toed out to the kitchen; the lights of the jacuzzi bled through a little into the house to light my way. I retrieved a drink and then, for the real reason I came out here, I peeked outside to see if I could catch a glimpse of them in their bathing suits.

I caught a glimpse of them all right. Both of them sitting up on the edge of the jacuzzi, feet in the water, completely nude. Gracie and her puffy-nippled boobs, head back looking at the stars, steam-moistened body glistening like a golden goddess. Leah was glancing down at her phone, huge, natural tits standing at attention. Fortunately, I was well out of sight from them. Leah got Gracie's attention and they scooted closer. She held up her phone to take a selfie of them. Just as I thought about how much I'd pay for that picture, Gracie placed her hand on Leah's tit, they kissed and held it until the flash went off.

Now I knew I had to go to bed. I made my way quickly to my bedroom, located my trusty lotion, finished the last little bit of getting a raging hard on, and stroked it until I blew my load all over a towel. What a week this had been already. The release of sexual tension allowed me to get right to sleep.

The next morning, as I was making breakfast, Gracie came out in a very thin, loose t-shirt with puffy, hard nipples poking out. I poured her some coffee and then retrieved a second cup as her sister, Leah, followed her out wearing a short, silky robe that was barely able to cover her beautiful rack. "Did you two have fun in the jacuzzi last night," I asked?

"Yes, it was so nice. You have to join us tonight," Leah said. 

"We weren't too loud, were we," Gracie asked?

"No. I fell asleep right away and didn't even know you were there," I lied.

We ate a little breakfast and talked about their plans for the day. They were going to hit the beach all day, so I packed them some beer, water, snacks, and other supplies necessary for a great day. I had a tee time, so we agreed we'd all meet back at the house at 4 or 5 o'clock and I'd BBQ some steaks for dinner. I grabbed my golf stuff and headed out before I could see what they'd wear to the beach; it was probably better I didn't.

When I got home from golfing, they were already back from the beach. I checked outside to see if they were around, but all I saw were their bikinis hanging, drying on a chair. I wandered down the hall and heard the shower going in the guest room, so I figured they'd just gotten home and were showering. Walking back out to the kitchen to grab a drink, I noticed an iPhone sitting on the bar. There was a cacophony of voices in my head saying "don't do it", but I did. I picked it up and, maybe worst yet, it was unlocked. I had seen them take the selfie in the jacuzzi the other night and the horn-dog in me had to see if I could see it again. 

I scrolled to the pictures stored on the phone. There were a few of them on the beach that day, very nice indeed, and then, paydirt! Causing my dick to immediately stir in my shorts was the selfie of them in the jacuzzi; their sexy breasts pressed together. My boldness increased. I scrolled through a few more pictures and came across a video. I tapped the screen to make it play and there they were, enjoying each other. It looked like it was in their room at home or somewhere. They were on a bed. It was a bit dark, but clearly, Gracie was holding the iPhone up in a position to video Leah gently licking her sister's pussy. As quickly as I saw it, I closed the photos, set the phone back down exactly where it was and made haste for my bedroom; not wanting to be anywhere near the phone when they came out. 
