 This is a loose sequel to my debut 3 part story: An Observed Threesome. If you want to know what changed Mrs Shepherd, you'll need to read this. If you are not bothered about the backstory just read this one. Everyone in the story is over 21 and it is entirely fictional. It's set in the UK about 2010.

*****

Chapter 1 - An Unexpected Opportunity

Since observing Mr. Paul and his former students cavorting in the most depraved way, Mrs. Shepherd had herself undergone a transformation. She had hired a personal trainer to get her fifty something body, which was in admittedly good shape anyway, even more toned. She'd been to the beauty salon and had her vaginal area waxed within an inch of its life. She purchased a vibrator online and now most of her nights were spent furiously masturbating to pornography on the internet, in her large, but sadly empty house. 

After watching the scenes of debauchery she alternated between wanting to be dominated and to dominate herself. Mr Paul, the teacher she had observed was very much her target for the man she was going to dominate. Unbeknownst to him she had a copy of the filmed footage that had been made of his exploits. Whilst he and those two sluts had been showering together after their night and morning of fucking, it had been child's play to quickly sneak into the hotel room (using the adjoining door between the rooms) take the camera, download its contents and then place it back on the dressing table. However, she lacked the confidence to take Mr. Paul to task just yet. After rediscovering her sex drive she was at a loss at how to proceed next. The answer came, indirectly, from an unexpected quarter.

Mrs. Shepherd was at an Old Girls and Parents get together for the school for which she was headmistress. Normally she would enjoy these social gatherings, but she was now so addicted to spend her evenings masturbating that all she could think of was being at home watching porn and playing with herself. She'd got rather addicted to MILF porn where women of her age would find themselves being fucked by multiple partners much younger than themselves self. The thought of their hard bodies, erect penises and (most forbidden of all) erect penises ejaculating on her face and breasts made her feel so hot. Her much missed deceased husband had been a wonderful partner, but upon reflection, their sex life had been rather straight laced. 

It was with this in mind when she found herself talking to a rather tearful parent, a Mrs. Grisham, whom she see wanted her counsel. Mrs. Grisham's daughter Jill, must be thirty by now, and was happily married to a young doctor in Yorkshire when last she'd heard. What could possibly be the matter? Mrs. Shepherd reflected how many parents whose children had long left school would still seek her advice

"Mrs. Grisham, whatever is upsetting you?" She asked drawing her to a quiet corner. 

"I recognize that look from when we had all those problems with your Jill coming to terms with her dyslexia, gosh! And many how many years ago was that?"

"Oh Mrs. Shepherd. Such kind words, such a calm voice in a crisis, that's what I used to say to my husband, but oh I'm at my wits end. I knew I was right to see you! I just don't have the experience of dealing with such appalling behavior and well, I know there isn't much you've not dealt with. My husband won't let me talk to anyone in case it gets out you know. I mean we're both strict church goers!"

Mrs. Shepherd stared over to Mr Grisham who was staring at his wife and Mrs. Shepherd with a quiet determination. Puzzled Mrs. Shepherd asked whatever had happened. The problem it seemed was Jack, the youngest of her children. He was twenty-five and had always been something of a problem. Going to the best schools couldn't make him academic, and unlike his sister, who'd grafted her way through school and university, he'd always been a bit wild. Asked to leave school in his final year he'd drifted from one thing to another until he'd finally set up - with his parents' financial support - a photography business. All had been fine before the recession, his father's contacts had got him some good deals taking pictures for prospectuses and brochures for businesses and schools and he'd also done a lot of wedding pictures as well. Things had dropped off with the slump and he'd taken to doing something that was so horrifying Mrs. Grisham took some moments to even describe it.

"Whatever has he done?" Mrs. Shepherd asked all of agog.

"I can hardly say. I'm so so so ashamed, but he can't carry on. I mean if people 

were to find out!" Mrs. Grisham hissed desperately.

"Please tell me, I've had a lot of experience with silliness in my time and I guarantee I'll sort this out. It's not drugs again is it, because -"

"No no it's something far worse." Mrs. Grisham drew Mrs. Shepherd to the quietest part of the room and looked like a frightened mouse as the women happily chatting with each other over a buffet and glass of wine. 

"Two months ago, Jack came over for Sunday lunch. He was really happy and apparently business was booming. Him and his father went down the pub before lunch and I mean I'd pretty much finished dinner so when I saw Jack's MacBook in his bag I just thought, ooh, I'll have a look at some of his photos. I was shocked!"

"What did you see?" Mrs. Shepherd asked. 

"Women, naked women! When the business started to slide, he'd decided to do what they call Boudoir photos. Kind of glamour pictures. From speaking to him afterwards that's how it started."

"What do you mean?"

"Well most of these women were just having pictures done where they might be naked but it was all tastefully done, you know it was all hinted at. A bit like that film 'Calendar Girls'. They were just women like us really, most of them it seemed just wanted to feel attractive, I've done some research and it's quite an innocent practice."

"Well whatever is wrong with that? I mean it's perhaps not something to talk about at the church social, but it's nothing to be ashamed about. It's good that -" Mrs. Shepherd exclaimed.

"You don't understand. After looking at these pictures, well I wasn't happy but as I tried to log out I saw another file. It was called X rated!" Mrs. Grisham was having trouble not sobbing.

Mrs. Shepherd felt her vagina moisten and she asked in a voice that she hoped was not too husky, "Did you look in the file?"

"Yes Mrs. Shepherd."

"And what did you see?"

Mrs. Grisham shut her eyes as she spoke as if trying to block out the memory. "It transpires that when these photographs are taken some of the women become rather aroused and find themselves wanting more. There were pictures of women that were topless, which was bad but there were pictures of women that were far worst. But but..."

"Yes Mrs. Grisham."

"There were pictures of women masturbating and finally there were pictures of Jack having." She paused and then whispered. "It seemed that he'd asked a couple of his friends along to some of these photo shoots and there were pictures of him and his friends, well, well, copulating!" the whisper almost became a harsh scream, "worst of all there were photographs of the foulest kind, where Jack and his friends, well, they ejaculated on these poor women's faces! I say poor women!" and Mrs. Grisham hissed like an Old Testament preacher, "Those sluts seemed to be enjoying every moment of their depravity!"

"I see Mrs. Grisham." Mrs. Shepherd struggled to keep her voice steady. "Did you confront Jack about this, this, lewdness!"

"Indeed I did. There was a huge scene. He was furious that I'd invaded his privacy. It turns out that it had happened the first time as an accident when one of the women had got carried away and well, so did he. But then he said that he realized that's what many of his clients wanted. And for these hardcore pictures he could charge top dollar as it were."

"But what of his friends getting involved! It's disgusting!" Mrs. Shepherd found herself trying to not drift off into a reverie.

"It appears that one of his clients had suggested it and well, it's quite popular now. I mean the shame of it! The shame of it! He says he won't stop! But if word were to get out! I'm at my wits end!"

"Leave it with me Mrs. Grisham, leave it with me."

"There is one thing, Mrs. Shepherd, one of the pictures, there was someone I knew in it. Someone you knew!" she nodded over to Mrs. Grace, the wife of one of the richest parents at Mrs. Shepherd's school. "Her face Mrs. Shepherd, her face was covered in semen!"

Chapter 2: Two is Company and Three

is a Crowd.

Mrs. Shepherd had spent sometime looking at the Jack Grisham's photographic website and the Boudoir section looked incredibly tame on first inspection. She'd never met Jack, but the picture on the website showed a handsome twenty five year old who looked like he played rugby. She decided to ring up and dip a toe in.

"Mr. Grisham?"

"It is indeed, how I can help you?" a voice, warm and confident rang back.

"I was wondering if I might book a Boudoir Photography session?" she felt her voice tremble as she said it. "My name is Mrs. Savage" she felt herself blushing as she lied, "and I'm friends with a Mrs. Grace. She highly recommended you and your team of photographers."

"She does, does she?" Mrs. Shepherd could almost visualize him smiling.

"Please don't tell her I've called I'm rather shy, but er, I was hoping I might get the same experience that she got. If that's OK?" Mrs. Shepherd found herself stuttering out.

"Well," she could definitely hear him smiling down the phone now, "I'm guessing if I were to ask Mrs. Grace she wouldn't know who you are, as that's not your real name is it?"

"How can you tell that Mr. Grisham!" she squeaked as if she'd been goosed.

"Just a hunch, I'm sure Mrs. Grace told you of the confidentiality of our service."

"Indeed she did. You use digital cameras I believe?"

"I think everyone does these days"

"Well if I were to download the pictures from you camera's straightaway that really would guarantee confidentially would it not? Your service doesn't come cheap I believe?" Mrs. Shepherd couldn't believe that she was committing herself so quickly. She'd only meant to sound him out.

"It'll be a thousand pounds per hour, I can provide clothing, but I'm guessing you're the kind of girl that will want to bring her own? Am I right?"

"You are indeed. I'll see you on Friday." Mrs. Shepherd found herself agreeing.

"Ok, we'll start off with just the initial Boudoir session and see if you want to take it further, that'll be an extra two hundred, does that seem agreeable? It's best to meet in person before you decide whether you want to go for the full service."

"I'll see you on Friday then. Can I just ask how many of your er, assistant photographers will be there?" she found herself asking.

"I thought one should be enough"

"Could I request two please?

He really was grinning now, "Two it is, but it'll cost you twenty percent more. With me that will be three. You are a greedy girl aren't you Mrs. Savage?"

"I am indeed Mr. Grisham and it's been so long since I have eaten if you know what I mean?

She slammed the phone down and rushed to the bedroom with an insatiable need to climax.

Chapter 3: Mrs Shepherd finally gets fucked

Mrs Shepherd was standing in a bright green summer dress that was fashionable rather than sexy and the only thing that gave a clue to her intent were the matching dark green high heels that were just that little bit too high.

Jack Grisham grinned. He'd suggested a Boudoir session as a preliminary just incase she was the size of a bus or was ugly, but this was prime Milf. He'd got a real taste for fucking these sluts and to get paid for it was even better. 

"Well Mrs. Savage before we start I'd better introduce you to my fellow photographers, you'll really have a treasure trove of photos. We'll download it all for you to peruse at your leisure. Let me introduce you to Stephen and Raphael."

Mrs. Shepherd looked at the boys, Stephen was shorter than Jack but very stocky, whilst Raphael, oh Raphael! Raphael was six foot four and as black as midnight. She felt no doubts.

Jack directed things. "OK Mrs. Savage, I want you to just sit on the bed there and smile at us, we'll take it nice and slow."

She sat on the huge double bed, and smiled as they all took some shots. The flash of the cameras made her blink, it was the visual equivalent of the bubbles in champagne.

"Ok, I just want you to lower the sleeve on that dress so that you can show us you shoulder. Look into my eyes, good! That's good."

SNAP SNAP

"Let's see both shoulders now, ah, that's good." This was from Stephen, "I want you to put one finger to your mouth now and pout."

SNAP SNAP

Mrs Shepherd found herself pouting.

SNAP SNAP

"That's is pout like you've done something very naughty, but you know your going to keep being bad." Stephen continued grinning.

SNAP SNAP

"Do you think you'd like to be a bad girl for us?" 

"Oh I think I might!" Mrs. Shepherd pouted. She could feel her head pounding with the adrenalin.

SNAP SNAP

"Now, I want you to just get off the bed and go on all fours and just pout up at us." Jack leaned forward, "Let's just do this." Her hair which had been tied back was loosened and he let it fall slut like across her face. 

SNAP SNAP SNAP SNAP

On her knees looking up she could see that all three of them were already aroused, she glanced at her chest and realized that they could see the top of her cleavage from where the dress had a fallen forward. They could also see that she was wearing a dark black corset.

"Crawl towards us slowly, that's a good girl.

SNAP SNAP SNAP SNAP

She crawled right up to Jack until she was at his legs. She looked up at the hard package in his jeans and then she turned her gaze to his face as he took a picture of her longingly, looking up. Each snap of the camera shutter felt like a kiss. He helped her up and she found herself flushing red.

Raphael spoke for the first time. "Why don't you take that dress off for us, very slowly please." His voice was so deep that it made her shudder. 

She shrugged the dress off and it slid down to the floor and she found herself standing in front of three strange men in just a black corset, black knickers and her high heels.

"Turn around and look at us over your shoulder." Raphael asked. His voice deep and commanding.

SNAP SNAP SNAP SNAP SNAP.

She turned and smiled as they gasped and then cheered. She was wearing panties that revealed the vast proportion of her buttocks.

"Turn around and look at us like a slut. Like you want all three of us to fuck you." Raphael said it almost contemptuously and she felt the tension in the air. This must be the part where some would lose their nerve. She looked at Raphael like the whore that she felt was becoming.

SNAP SNAP SNAP SNAP

They cheered. "That's a good girl, now I want you to peel down that corset and free your breasts, but cover them with your hands so we can't see them." Jack asked.

SNAP SNAP SNAP SNAP

She did just that, looking over her shoulder at them. Her nipples were already bullet hard.

"Now sit on the bed and face us, still cupping your breasts." That's good. They snapped away at her. She could feel her vagina. No, her cunt moistening.

SNAP SNAP SNAP SNAP

"Ok, I want you lie down and open your legs. That's good, the panties are just big enough to keep your secrets from us." They stood over her as she lay down. "That's good, now show us those breasts."

Mrs. Shepherd was glad that her pants were black as she felt she her cunt was almost drenched. After all this build up she was actually doing it. She dropped her hands revealing her breasts. 

SNAP SNAP SNAP SNAP

"Yes, that's a good slut." Raphael chuckled. "You have beautiful breasts, now kneel on the bed, that's it! Let those big tits of yours swing. Oh that's good, now hold it, yeah, that's good. I want you pinch one of your nipples, that's good, now hold it, and now close your eyes."

SNAP SNAP SNAP SNAP

"Now open your eyes and look at us you whore."

SNAP SNAP SNAP SNAP

"That's good. Now hold it. Now back on your back. Now I want you to pull those panties slowly down, so they're straddled by your ankles do you understand?"

She did, it took all of her restraint not to just to whine with pleasure. She peeled her panties down revealing her shaved pussy. 

SNAP SNAP SNAP SNAP

She felt deliciously exposed as her finger slid to her clit.

"The horny slut doesn't even need to be asked!" Jack grinned. 

He walked over to her snapping his camera until he was standing over her as she lay on the bed. She looked up his face leering though his lens. She felt consumed with lust as she frigged a clit that was now sopping wet.

SNAP SNAP SNAP SNAP

"You know what you want to do." Jack instructed. His voice suddenly hard. "You know what to do you slut."

Mrs Shepherd did, her heart was beating so hard she felt it might burst through her chest. She sat up and reached for Jack's trouser zip. Her hand was trembling as she pulled down his trousers. He wasn't wearing underpants and his cock sprung up like a trap door bouncing against her cheek. Before he could even say anything her mouth had enveloped his dick and she began sucking and slurping, deep down to the base of his shaft before sucking the helmet, dribbling down as she slurped. She heard the camera's snapping. Recording her shame.

"Fuck!" Jack turned to his friends who were quickly undressing. "This slut is fucking desperate for dick."

Mr Shepherd was almost oblivious to anything but pleasure. For the first time in her life she felt a hot breath on her pussy as Stephen began tentative licking her clit. This quickly turned into forceful sucking and probing with his tongue. Her mouth was still welded to Jack's dick as she continued to milk him for all she was worth. She felt a revelation as the beginning of a slow orgasm began reverberating through her body as Stephen's attentions intensified.

"She's loving it!" Raphael grinned. His nine inch black dick was rigid like an arm from his groin as he continued to take photographs of the orgy.

SNAP SNAP SNAP SNAP

"That's it slut, keep your eyes open." He grinned as her eyes widened. "You're taking my dick last baby. I'd stretch you too much for my boys to feel if I fucked you first bitch! Stephen, I think it's time you fucked this whore."

Stephen grinned as he removed his tongue from her burning clit. Mrs Shepherd broke off from giving Jack a blow job. She needed to see this. With an expertise and confidence that stunned her Stephen pulled her hips towards his groin. He lent down on her using the weight of his legs to spread hers. She was now totally exposed.

"What do you want me to do you dirty bitch." Stephen grinned mockingly

"I want you to fuck me. I want you to fuck me." Mrs Shepherd found herself babbling.

"Ok, maybe I will, but I want you to say fuck me Stephen I'm you're slut first. You're going to have to beg." He laughed as Raphael took a close up shot of Stephen's cock poised at the entrance of her cunt.

He moved the helmet of this cock so that he teased the lips.

She felt something snap within her and she found herself screaming. "Oh God, fuck me Stephen I'm you're slut! Fuck me I'm you're slut!" 

SNAP SNAP SNAP SNAP

Raphael grinned at her as she turned to the camera and it was at this moment that Stephen plunged his cock deep into her. It was the first time she'd had a cock since her husband died and she felt her cunt grip his length. The pleasure was indescribable as he slowly pulled his length back and then thumped his pole back into her so that he was balls deep. She grunted as he continued with a steady purposeful rhythm. Jack and Raphael grinned at each other as there friend fucked her. 
