 (All sexual activities described in this story take place between consenting adults 18 years of age or older.)

*****

Claire could sense rather than see Michelle smile as Mr. Paul, her ex-teacher, lay on the bed stroking himself off to some seedy porn video on his iPad. He cock was hard and almost snarling in his hand as he tugged himself watching his skin show. They were hidden in the darkness of his hotel room that they'd snuck into for a joke. Those stolen seconds of watching him tug himself seemed to last forever, until her friend decided it was time to take control.

"Well, well Mr. Paul! It seems Claire and I have the wrong room!" Michelle pouted in a little girl lost voice that failed to disguise its mocking tone.

Neil Paul's eyes left the screen to see the two girls standing in the darkness. He gave a startled yelp and jumped up as if burned and the iPad flew into the air, spinning away from him. Michelle reached from the darkness and caught it, like a bird snatching a fish.

"Michelle? Claire! What the hell are you two doing here!" he attempted to sound strict and authoritative, like he did in class, but instead it was a strained and embarrassed whisper.

Michelle looked at the iPad. The brunette in the video, that strongly resembled her, was giving a whore like blow job. 

"You want to cum in my face don't you? Well you're going to need to fuck me first." The slut in the video said. 

Michelle walked over to the desk opposite the bed and placed the iPad upright so they could all clearly see the online threesome. Neil realised that he was still slowly stroking himself as she did this. Michelle looked at him with an undisguised wanton hunger, whilst a startled Claire had raised a clenched fist to her mouth, her eyes unable to tear themselves away from the slow jerking of his cock.

Michelle stepped forward a pace and he instinctively stepped back, "Mr. Paul?" she whispered.

"Yes Michelle?" he whispered back.

"You're really a disgusting little pervert aren't you?" his eyes fell so he was staring at the cock in his hand. He seemed unable to stop tugging himself.

"You'd like me to do to you, what she's doing to him wouldn't you?" she asked. 

He looked at her and then over her shoulder at the slut on the iPad, down on her knees, deep throating some lucky bastard. There was a silence as he looked into her eyes. "Yes." He felt his cock jerk in his hand.

"I thought so. Claire's just going to sit in that armchair there and watch the show. She's a little bit shy you know." 

Claire found herself flouting like a ghost to the chair opposite the bed and adjacent to the desk where the iPad was propped. She put her handbag down. She couldn't remember ever being as wet in her whole life. 

Meanwhile Michelle was slowly stepping out of her dress to reveal an exquisite black bra, knickers and suspenders. Her body was tightly muscled. Mr. Paul looked on in a dream, still tugging his hard cock.

"Actually Claire, before you get comfortable, I do need your help. I'd like you to take my bra off, so Mr. Paul can see the tits he was gauping at all night in all their glory. You do want to see my tits don't you Mr. Paul?"

"Yes, Michelle." Neil croaked. The formality of her calling him Mr. Paul was just perfect.

In a dream state Claire found herself getting up and unfastening Michelle's bra. Mr. Paul gasped as Michelle's large breasts firmly fell from their confinement. She was easily a double D cup and she was right, he had been gauping at them all night. She cupped her tits in her hands.

"Just to be sure Mr. Paul, tell me what you'd like me to do now." Michelle asked commandingly. 

She'd kept her heels on and she was as tall as him now as he stood naked in front of her.

There was a silence that seemed to last forever, "I'd like you suck my cock." He whispered.

"Well good. I guess I'll be your slut for you." Michelle's slowly dropped down to her knees so her head was parallel with his groin. Her tongue snaked out of her mouth and licked the helmet of his cock. Neil let out a long groan which increased as she took the whole of his cock head and began sucking and rocking, back and forth with a whore like motion. The suction she managed to generate was incredible. He found himself watching Michelle staring up at him like the submissive girl in the porn video. She was playing with her tits, cupping them and tweeking the nipples like a whore. He felt his knees begin to weaken with the sheer pleasure of the blow job so he sat on the edge of the bad and reached down to her big tits. They were tanned (the slut must sunbathe topless) and firm despite their size. He caressed them at first before pinching the nipples between his thumb and forefinger. 

Claire sat spellbound at the erotic scene before her. She was so wet that the gusset of her thong was now utterly sodden. She could feel her nipples harden almost painfully as her friend deep throated their former teacher. Mr. Paul was swearing with appreciative grunts as he face fucked Michelle in tandem with the slut on the video. Suddenly Michelle stopped, his cock making an audible pop as is slipped out her hot mouth. 

"We've got all night Mr. Paul and I can't have you cumming too soon. It's time for you to get on your knees now and be my little slut." 

Getting up she sat on the end of bed and opened her legs. In a dreamlike state Neil swapped places and was on his knees on the floor looking up at her.

"Now Mr. Paul, I want you to pull my panties down and suck my cunt until I cum. Can you do that?"

Neil nodded, and in his eagerness yanked down the panties until they fell to the ankles of her high heeled shoes. Her pussy was shaved utterly and was already leaking juice. He leant forward to lick but Michelle suddenly readjusted, leaning backwards so that her tight tiny arse was exposed too.

"I want you to lick me in slow deliberate strokes from my asshole, through my cunt to my clit. When I want it done quicker I'll tell you. Do it right and don't fuck it up and I'll make what follows even better. Do you understand Mr. Paul?"

This time he didn't answer because he'd already started licking. First the asshole, that was already covered in her pussy juice and then steadily parting the lips of her pussy (it was at that moment that he realised that he'd not even kissed her!) up to her button like clit. She tasted unbelieveably sweet. 

"That's it fuck me with your tongue Mr. Paul. Lick my asshole and lick my cunt." Michelle voice wavered in her pleasure and she gyrated her hips so her cunt rose and fell on him like a wave, giving him little pockets of air before her ass and cunt consumed him again. "That's it, lick my asshole and cunt. Lick my asshole and cunt! You fucking slut. You've wanted this your whole life. Lick it! Worship my ass and cunt you little bitch. That's a good boy. Are you enjoying the show Claire?" 

Michelle's hand was on the back of Mr. Paul's head and she subtly guided him as if riding a horse. Claire was literally too shocked to speak, and stared blankly back at her friend. 

"I know how wet your cunt must be Claire. Would you like to play with your clit too, while you watch me getting fucked?" Michelle said in her taunting voice.

"I can't Michelle." Claire was horrified how much her voice sounded like a moan. 'What would Richard say?"

"Who cares what your boring boyfriend would say? But if it makes it easier I promise you no one will make you fuck anyone. You'll just be masturbating. You don't think Richard masturbates?" she patted Mr. Paul's head "not too fast now sir."

"Not like this though?" Claire could feel her resolve weakening. She was so turned on.

"Come on Claire. I want you to pull down your thong and walk across here and give it to me. If it's not wet, you can put it back on and leave the room, because obviously this little show is doing nothing for you." 

Michelle rocked her head forward into Mr. Paul's mouth and grunted with obvious relish, pulling her former teacher's hair in encouragement, before looking back at Claire.

"However," and she paused for what seemed to Claire an age, "if that fucking thong is wet, you're going to sit in that chair, open your fucking legs and wank that clit for me, while Mr. Paul sucks me off. Do you fucking understand Claire?" 

Claire's face turned crimson, shocked at how aroused the harsh words made her, "Yes, Michelle."

"Well take off that fucking thong and walk over here and give it to me." Michelle snarled.

Claire found she was almost sobbing as she 

slipped the thong down her legs and into her hands. She silently walked over to the bed, where she could hear Mr. Paul sucking and slurping away at her friend's ass, cunt and clit. 

"Give it to me you slut." Michelle hissed, smiling at Claire. Michelle felt the sodden scrap of fabric in her hand. "As I thought, they're even wetter than my cunt." She raised the thong to her face to smell Claire's girly scent. "Okay. You know what you need to do." 

Claire returned to the armchair and rested her legs on the armrests as she sat down. The room could also be part of a suite and there was a connecting door adjacent to the armchair that was slightly ajar that no one had noticed... 

Claire gave her friend one last imploring look. "Don't make me do this." Claire begged in a tiny voice.

"No one's making you do anything you don't want to do Claire." Michelle whispered. "If you want to go, you can put on your pants and fuck off back to your room. But you don't want to go, do you Claire?" 

Claire bit her lip. Michelle was right and she found herself slowly lifting her skirt and showing her friend her nicely shaved pussy. On the screen of the iPad, the Blonde girl who resembled her was now being fucked from behind with deep strokes, her head was buried in the cunt of the brunette who resembled Michelle. 

"That's a beautiful little girl. Now I want you to play with your little clit you slut. Play with yourself for me Claire." Michelle's eyes flashed as she issued her commands, her hip gyrating into the willing face of her erstwhile teacher. Claire's eyes never left Michelle's as she slowly reached down and stroked herself. She almost lost a finger in her pussy, she was so wet. She moaned as trailed her finger to her clit and rubbed herself with an initial tenderness that rapidly progressed into a hard forceful rubbing. "Oh Fuck! That feels so good Michelle." She moaned.

"Do you feel like a slut Claire?" Michelle asked, she grinded her cunt harder onto the face of Mr. Paul. 

"Yes, I do."

"I've wanted to see you wank for me for so long Claire. I knew you were a slut. What are you Claire?"

"I'm a little slut Michelle."

"No Claire. You are fucking little slut, and you are my fucking little slut and you are going to discover so much about yourself tonight. I promise." 

Michelle mused momentarily about the noise that they'd been making but she hadn't for one moment imagined the effect that she, Claire and Mr. Paul had been having on the occupant on their immediate neighbour... 

Mrs. Shepherd was fifty years old and of a matronly stature with huge breasts that she covered in the kind of outfits Mrs. Thatcher had worn in the mid 1980s. A widow of two years she hadn't had sex since her husband died and the noises from next door had driven her to distraction. Her first instinct had been one of cold fury. As Headmistress of the school where Mr. Paul worked she knew exactly whose room it was as she had personally overseen where all the staff attending the Alumni event would be staying. She couldn't believe he was having intercourse with not one, but two of the old girls! The language they were using! That one of them was Michelle Dawes she could well believe, that little hussy had only stayed in the Sixth Form because her father had paid for the theatre to be refurbished. But for Claire King to be involved too? Claire King who had been Head Girl? It was disgusting. The connecting door she realised was slightly ajar, that was why there was so much noise. They obviously lacked the wit to even close it! She was tempted to go in and shout at all three of them, but she quickly realised this would only cause a scene, and a scene she couldn't guarantee that she could control. Young Michelle had been blatantly scornful of her authority when she'd been a schoolgirl. She doubted very much if her scoldings would have any impact on the twenty five year old whore she'd grown into.

There was only one thing for it, Mrs. Shepherd resolved. She'd have to creep up and close the door. Perhaps if she put her portable radio on to Radio 4 she might drown out the foul excesses of Mr. Paul and co. She always knew he couldn't be trusted! She would be dealing with him on Monday! She tip toed out of her bed in the darkness towards the door. She suddenly felt extremely hot and she was distressed to feel her vagina was extremely wet. She was disgusted with herself! Before she knew what she was doing she was peeking through the gap in the door that connected her room to Mr. Paul's...

Neil had been listening to Michelle coercing Claire into masturbating for her. He was desperate to see Claire's pussy. Michelle had always been the one who got the boys, but Claire was the prettiest out of the two of them and he guessed she could have pretty much anyone she wanted. But even at school she'd been into long term dull boyfriends from his hazy recollection. He doubted she was any different now. Sensing that the quickest way to see the new brazen Claire was to make Michelle cum he had sped up his action: rimming Michelle's ass, sucking her pussy and almost chewing her clit in a frenzied cycle. 

Michelle felt like a conductor as her orgasm begin to rise from within. Claire's hand meanwhile was now a blur as she rubbed herself desperately. 

"How far are you off from cumming Claire?" Michelle asked. Claire didn't answer.

"Not very long at all the way you are going. You desperate little slut! Still, I can talk! Oh my God, Mr. Paul, you're going to make me come right now if I don't stop you!" And with that Michelle pushed herself from his mouth and rolled back on the bed, she swung back putting both feet on his chest and pushing him down so he was lying on the carpeted floor. His mouth and face covered in her juice. His cock angrily thrusting up to his navel.

"Look at that cock Claire. Crawl over here with me and help me suck it."

"But Michelle, I'm in a relationship with Richard." Claire whined, whilst still stroking her cunt and clit.

"Oh for fuck's sake Claire, crawl over here now! I guarantee you'll spend the rest of your dull life wanking yourself about this one amazing experience. Come on, have a night off from being little Ms Sensible. I can't suck this cock on my own. Come on, fucking get over now you slut!"

Something clicked in Claire and she suddenly found herself shrugging of her dress and throwing it into the corner.

"And the bra you little cunt." Michelle snapped.

Immediately Claire was unfastening her bra and her pert tits caught the light of the iPad's pornographic glare. She climbed out of the chair and crawled over until she was face to face with Michelle, who by now had the base of Mr. Paul's cock in her hand. Michelle looked him in the eye.

"What do you want to say to Claire, Mr. Paul?"

Neil looked at the two barebreasted sluts in front of him, and glanced at the two sluts getting fucked on the iPad that they resembled. This was too surreal! He smiled at the girls, Michelle confident and knowing and Claire almost drugged with previously untapped arousal. 

"Suck it you fucking slut" he barked at Claire, who flinched and then nodded at the inevitability of his statement, and then, turning back to Michelle, he snarled, "And you get back on my fucking face I've not finished eating your cunt." 

Michelle grinned and she straddled him as she watched her friend lower her mouth and begin sucking the cock like the whore that she always suspected was there under the goodie two shoes facade. 

Squatting on his face Michelle bent down to join her friend in sucking her formers teacher's cock in a tandem of rabid frenzy. Claire seemed ill inclined to share however, much to her satisfaction. 

Michelle noted with interest that Claire's one hand held Mr. Paul's cock whilst with the other she continued to frig her cunt with a desperation she'd thought impossible from her staid friend.

"That's it, suck it slut! You don't suck it like a pornstar for your precious Richard do you Claire?" Michelle goaded.

Claire was diving down almost to the base of his cock. Sucking the shaft with an almost unbearable pressure, especially on the helmet. And then contrasting that with what felt like a hundred blur like licks on his helmet, before diving down again. He thought Michelle had given the best blow job ever, but Claire was easily as good.

"No, no I don't normally give blow jobs." Claire whimpered breaking off, as Michelle leant forward to kiss her. "Oh Michelle!" Claire gasped as she broke away and went back down on Mr. Paul, who irritated at the break in his blow job, grabbed the back of her head and proceeded to face fuck her with some force. 

Michelle by now was rubbing her cunt and ass over his face in a whoreish grind, closing her eyes in delight at the moans emanating from her helpless ex-teacher and her best friend from school. They were both hers now.

Mrs. Shepherd meanwhile was now on all fours peering through the crack in the door staring intently at the bed. Her sensible Mummy pants were around her knees and her long nightdress had been pushed up to her middle. One of her large breasts was poking out of her nightdress, the nipple tight and harder than it had been for a decade. She was from a different generation so her vagina was covered with a thick healthy bush - she'd been shocked by the shaved vaginas of both the girls - and two of her fingers were frigging her frankly drenched canal with a relentless rhythm. For the first time in a long time she felt truly alive as pleasure permeated every part of her body. She'd forgotten how it felt to feel such animal lust. What was that girl doing now? Mrs. Shepherd thought as Michelle suddenly climbed off her former teacher leaving him gasping like a fish? 

Michelle took Claire by the hand and dragged her to the bed.

"I'm sorry Mr. Paul, but I need to take Claire in hand now. She's been such a little whiney bitch about fucking that I need to really show her how to behave. I might need you to help in a minute, but for now you're going to sit in that armchair."

Neil grinned. "Whatever you say miss."

Mrs. Shepherd stared as the naked Mr. Paul walked towards her, if he looked down he was sure to see her staring at him, if the light reflected off her eyes. She'd never noticed how muscled he was and handsome. His cock, glistening from the attention it had received, was like a wet club. Regardless of the danger of discovery she rubbeded herself hard as she watched transfixed as his cock bounced up to his naval as he made the brief journey from the bed to the armchair.

Claire was looking at Michelle with a kind of bewilderment.

"What the hell do you want now Michelle?"

Michelle slapped her friend across the face.

"Don't you dare you speak to me like that you little bitch. I'll tell you what I fucking want! Lie on that bed, and open you fucking legs. I'm going to lick that unworthy cunt until you cum like your precious Richard has never made you cum. Do you understand you slut?"

Claire found herself being pushed onto the bed and she suddenly could feel Michelle's breath on her pussy and then it was a mist of pleasure as Michelle alternated between sucking and licking her cunt. None of her boyfriends had ever been keen on oral sex so she was unprepared for the pleasure. She couldn't believe she was having lesbian sex! Her clit was receiving special attention and Claire found herself swearing with the pleasure. Michelle drew her head and and spat on Claire's cunt.
