 Author's Note: 

First off, I need to apologize for this taking a year to get out. I love this cast of characters, and just couldn't put it out last year as it was then. The draft felt wrong, and after two revisions and a huge gap of time, this chapter just about wrote itself. I hope it was worth the wait! 

This is the final chapter of the Twins saga, for now. I don't know if I will continue with their lives after this, but for now they are going to enjoy some much-needed rest. If you haven't already, I suggest you read the stories before this one. It might make less sense if you haven't. 

The previous stories (in order) are: 

-Twins Across the Street (parts 1-3) 

-Twins Reunion 

-Twins Winter Magic 

-Twins A New Year 

A huge thank you to my editors Guinahart and SBrooks103x, for their assistance with checking for errors and missing details. This time I actually counted. They caught 91 total errors in my draft. Full disclosure, some were duplicates, but not many. Thank you for your time guys! 

All characters in this story are fictional and any that engage in sexual activity are over the age of 18. I hope you enjoy reading it! 

****************** 

Twins - Graduation 

Life has had its ups and downs, but lately it's been nothing short of great. I somehow managed to get two beautiful women to love me unconditionally. Still no clue how that happened, but I stopped questioning my good fortune a while ago. 

In case you don't know me, I'm John, the luckiest guy on the planet. Katie and Teri, the twins that had lived across the street from my house, were both as madly in love with me as I was with them. We've had a couple of amazing adventures, but now I was looking at embarking on one of the biggest of my life. 

Spring break with the girls had been great, but I missed them almost right after they left to go back to school. I counted the days until they would graduate, nervously awaiting the rest of our lives. I had to try not to damage the hardwood floor with my pacing. 

It took about an hour after the "For Sale" sign was posted in my yard, for Hank and Mary to come over. They are the twin's parents, and had so far been cordial towards me. I know if my two daughters both loved the same man, I would have doubts about how serious the relationship was. Thankfully, these two seemed to have accepted it by now. 

"Hey, John, couldn't help notice the sign. What gives?" asked Hank. 

I nodded. "Why don't you come in so I can try to explain?" They followed me in and we all sat. This could go badly, but either way, I was determined to see it through regardless of how they reacted. 

"I want to marry your daughters. I know it can't be legal, but I want to spend the rest of my life with them." 

They sat, stunned for a second. Hank just blinked, while Mary had opened her mouth to say something, but no words came out. After a minute, I went on. 

"I'm selling the house and moving to live with Teri in D.C., while she finishes Law School. I've lined up a job already, and have an interview lined up for Katie at a laboratory that should be right up her alley. I've shared some of this with them already." 

Hank finally got his wits about him, cleared his throat and asked, "So, you will all live together, out in D.C.?" 

I nodded. "That's the plan for now. After she gets her degree, we could live anywhere. I will gladly go wherever those two are going to be." 

"How can you possibly marry them both?" asked Mary. "I know you all care about each other, but have you thought of how you'll live as a family? I mean, what if you have children? What about the public? I'm sure most people won't understand the situation. Heck, WE barely understand the situation." 

"All great points. I've asked the twins several times about those concerns, and they've both assured me that whatever it takes, we'll figure it out together. I still worry that I'm not good enough for them, but they keep telling me otherwise. I know this is all a shock, but I am committing myself to them completely. I would do anything for Kate and Teri." 

My speech concluded, I slumped into the couch. They shared a long look, a communication that seemed well practiced, before turning to face me again. Mary was the chosen spokesperson for them, apparently. 

"John, you are indeed a very lucky man. All that we ask, is that you do your very best to keep our girls happy. I don't know what we would do if anything ever came between those two. They've been close since they took their first steps..." She sniffled at the end. 

"Ma'am, I intend to spend the rest of my life trying," I replied seriously. 

It was a humbling moment, for all of us. Mary's eyes were misting up, as Hank and I shared a look of understanding. He seemed to know how I felt, and nodded his head. After the moment passed, we discussed the up-coming graduation ceremonies. 

Generally, I planned to fly to UNLV first, for Katie's graduation, before the two of us would fly home and road-trip out from Washington to Georgetown, for Teri's ceremony. She would drive the Mini, while I would drive the truck. I was towing a small U-Haul trailer with enough things to get started with, and the rest of my household goods and furniture were being shipped. 

Hank and Mary told me that they planned to fly to both locations, traveling with Mary's parents. Hank's parents lived in Florida, and had very little contact with the family. He offered no explanation as to why, and that topic seemed delicate enough to me, not to ask about it. 

I walked them out the door, and we stood on the porch. I reached out my hand and Hank took it firmly. We shook and said nothing more. Mary moved in to embrace me in a warm motherly hug. "You are a good man, John Buckner. Welcome to our family." 

With that, they left. I let out the breath that I didn't realize I'd been holding. After that, I needed a glass of the good stuff. I poured myself a scotch, neat, and sat thinking about how happy I was. Honestly, it had been a crazy ride, but well worth it. It was starting to feel like I had a family again. 

Later, after dinner I called the twins to discuss the logistics of the next few weeks. Katie was scheduled to walk the stage on May 13th, a Saturday. I would fly down to Nevada and stay the night on Thursday the 11th. Katie had her last exam that day, and then just had to stick around for the ceremony. 

Teri was scheduled to cross the stage on May 19th, a full week later. Katie and I would drive across the country to be there for Teri's ceremony. After that, we would map out our future together. I still felt like I needed to pinch myself, just to make sure that I wasn't dreaming. 

****************** 

The flight down to Nevada was average, but I remember very little of it. After picking up the rental car, I made my way to her apartment. I felt like a horse with blinders on, focused on just my destination and the beauty that awaited me there. I'd barely gotten to her apartment door, before Katie attacked me. She pulled me inside, shutting the door behind us. 

"My god ... I missed you ... so much ..." she tried to say, in between breathy kisses to my neck and face. 

We landed on her bed, clothes having been quickly discarded on the way. She pulled me down on top of her, wrapping her strong legs around my waist. I held her hands above her head, peering deeply into her eyes, like seeing two sapphires shimmering underwater. I was lost, and she knew it. She simply grinned and we connected for a scorching kiss. 

Our bodies pressed together and I released her hands, allowing mine to roam her magnificent curves. I pushed up on my hands, looked down at her as I effortlessly slid into her. We would make love later. This was something else, passion coming from somewhere deep inside us. We fucked with an animal ferocity, like something found on the Discovery Channel. There is simply no other way to describe it. I felt like a man possessed. 

Eventually, we both yelled out, as her orgasm blew her away, and I followed very shortly after. It felt like my soul left my body and had gone into hers. We lay together for at least a few minutes, before she started chuckling. 

"Perhaps we should separate more often?" she asked playfully. 

"I don't think either one of us would survive, but damn that was amazing!" I agreed. "I've never felt that, I don't know, wild before? I felt completely out of control, like an animal running on instinct." 

She smiled, rubbed her fingers through my sparse chest hair, and purred. "I'll try to coax that animal out again someday, but now, I need you to love me." 

She slid on top of me, sensually rubbing her nipples across my arm and chest. She rotated her hips and my cock, once again hard as a rock, slid right into her as if that was where it should always be. We groaned together, as she began a slow rocking motion, hips rotating against hips. 

She was panting as she moved her lips to caress mine, tongue searching for its mate. I grasped the sides of her head, holding tight to me the woman that made my life complete. She sat up and continued to rock her hips on me, her hands on my chest for balance. 

My hands moved from her thighs to her back, gripping her to me as she moved. I sat up too, holding her on my lap as I pushed into her neck, nibbling the sensitive skin there, my tongue exploring as I went. She moaned loudly and continued moving on me, never stopping her torturous pace. Her lips connected with my earlobe, the tip of her tongue flicking it quickly. The surge of energy that shot through me was incredible! 

Before I knew it, she leaned her head back and screamed, as her body went rigid and her nails dug into my back. I lost all control and erupted into her more powerfully than I had earlier. 

We came back to earth, and after getting our breath back, professed our love for one another. We held tight, as the raw emotion of our joining slowly calmed. We fell asleep shortly after, spooned together in a warm embrace. 

****************** 

The next day, she showed me around campus and all the spots she had enjoyed while between classes. Of course, being in Las Vegas meant the strip was only about a mile from campus, but she took me to the places that a normal tourist wouldn't likely visit. She loved the place named Taibi, where we enjoyed a nice waffle brunch and good flavored espresso drinks. 

After we finished eating, Katie started giggling. She looked away, but tracked her eyes back over to catch me in a side-glance. The giggling resumed, and I chuckled at her silliness. She resumed her apparent interest in the people walking by outside, before sneaking her eyes to check on me from the side again. 

This time I couldn't help it, I busted out laughing at her antics. She was giggling again for a second, before getting a mock angry look on her face. 

"Stop laughing at me, John!" she scolded. 

I just shrugged, my laughter abating. "What? I can't help that my girlfriend is a dork!" 

That earned me a slap on the arm. "Jerk," she said playfully. 

"Uh huh. Just wait until I tell Teri that you were beating up her boyfriend!" 

"You wouldn't!" she slapped me again. 

I nodded like a fool, and of course got slapped one more time. Thankfully, she wasn't really trying to hurt my arm. 

"Okay, well, I'll tell Teri that her boyfriend was being an asshole to her sister! How about that, mister big shot?" she challenged. 

I held up my hands in defeat. "You win." 

"Damn right I do," she said with a smile. "Now, let's go find out if I can forgive you for being so mean." 

We took a walk to a beautiful place, the Lee Pascal Memorial Rose Garden. We sat next to each other on a big stone bench in a particularly calm section of the park. Birds were flittering around in the plants, and the slight hum of the city could be felt, but not so much heard. 

Kate and I hadn't had a chance to have a real conversation alone together, not since her second year of college. That had been the time when I was expecting Teri to visit, and Kate showed up instead. That time had obviously been a time they needed to grow on their own. I smiled at the memory. 

Kate reached into her pocket, and I gave her a funny look. She pulled her hand out, and set a coin in my palm. I looked down at an old, worn out penny. 

"There's the penny, now how about telling me what you're thinking?" she asked with a grin. 

"You," I answered bluntly. "Just thinking that you and I haven't had a chance to just be together and talk. Seems like we are always trying to do as much as we can together, in the small amounts of time we've had on your breaks." 

"Well, you have me now, and I'm not going anywhere," she said with a gentle smile. 

"Which is why I was smiling like a little kid just a minute ago," I said, grinning again. "I feel like it's going to be Christmas every day with you." 

She giggled her little laugh, and leaned her head onto my shoulder. "I'm such a lucky girl, John. I love you so much." 

"Nowhere near as lucky as I am, Kate." 

Katie told me that later in the evening we would go to dinner with her family, and then the two of us would go socialize at her favorite place, Frankie's Tiki Lounge. It was a throw-back to the 50's tiki craze, at least that was how she described it to me. 

The dinner was at a great Italian place off-strip, called Salute. The area was gorgeous, and was part of the Red Rock Resort and Casino. Being 20 miles away from the mass of tourists on the strip, we enjoyed the evening out on the patio, with a constant warm breeze blowing around us. Apparently, the Red Rock was where everyone else was staying. 

"Mom, Dad, thank you for believing in me," Katie began. "I know I wasn't always the easiest kid to raise," she continued as everyone had a good chuckle. 

"Nooooo... you were a perfect angel," her mother, Mary, commented sarcastically. 

I caught Hank nodding in agreement, starting to laugh. Katie blushed, but then started laughing along with them. When the mirth in the group settled down, she continued her speech. 

"As I was saying, I know what a pain I must have been to you guys all those years. I just wanted you both to know how much I love and appreciate everything you've done for me." 

"Oh sweetie, we know," Mary responded. 

"And we couldn't be more proud of our Princesses. I just wish that my parents could see you now, all grown up. The last time we saw them, you were just a little toddler," Hank finished, somewhat solemnly. Mary put her hand on his arm and squeezed in a small gesture of support. 

"What's important is that your family will always love you, no matter what," Mary said. 

Katie looked like she wanted to speak, but I guess she chose another time to ask her questions. I had my own curiosities about that situation, but wouldn't ask about Hank's parents unless he felt comfortable enough around me to share voluntarily. I hoped that trust would come in time. 

We enjoyed nearly two hours together on that patio, with several rounds of drinks, and food that was beyond any Italian that I had eaten before. Of course, I wasn't exactly a 'world traveler,' but that didn't stop me from relaxing with family. Family. That word was beginning to mean a great deal to me again. 

As the night wore on, Hank and Mary decided to try their luck in the Casino. Katie's grandparents retired for the night, wanting to relax in their room. Katie and I went to Rocks Lounge, one of several night spots at this resort, and got there just in time to get the last table for two. 

The Lounge had almost a concert hall vibe, in the space normal for most bars. The house DJ was keeping everyone jovial, with the promise of live music later. That night Michael Grimm was playing. He was one of the guys that won a T.V. talent competition, and I think the judges made the right call. 

I had more fun that night than I had in a long time. Judging by the way she was smiling, I'd say Katie was enjoying it almost as much. The DJ was finishing up his last few minutes before the show, and as he changed it to a slow song, I asked her to dance. 

"Why, I thought you'd never ask," she playfully teased. 

"I had to get some liquid courage in me, ya know?" I playfully replied. "A woman as beautiful as you are? I needed the extra help." 

Katie laughed as we embraced tightly on the dance floor. Damn, I could listen to that sound forever. "John, you are so good for a girl's ego," she managed. 

And she was good for my soul. I told her, too. "Kate, you're good for my heart. You make everything worth waking up for." 

Okay, it even sounded corny to me. We both laughed after staring into each other's eyes for too long, continuing to move together as the song finished up. We returned to our table and had another drink before the show. 

Michael took the stage and went right into a song, which was amazing. He paused before the second song to welcome everyone, encouraging the crowd to have a good time. I asked Katie to dance again, and her smile lit up the room. He sang, "When a Man Loves a Woman," and it sounded like he poured his soul into it. We were as close as we could be, as we moved slowly around the floor. 

"Ladies and Gentlemen, this song was what put me on the map. I hope you like it," Michael said, before the next song. 

He began the song, "You Don't Know Me," and it sounded as deep and reflective as I had felt before committing myself to this woman in my arms. The doubt in his voice, the sound of regret, were things that I had dealt with after my wife had left me. Now, I had no doubt in my mind that Teri and Katie loved me in return. The only way it could be more perfect, if Teri were here too. 

"She should be here, dancing with us," Katie said unexpectedly. 

I chuckled and shook my head, making her give me a funny look. "What? You're still doing that twin thing, even when she isn't here. I was just thinking that the three of us make each other whole, wishing she could be here." 

She pulled me tight to her, and squeezed me in the most emotionally charged hug I had ever received. No words were needed at that point, we both knew what the other was feeling. We went back to her apartment after that, needing each other more than was decently allowed in public. 

I had barely locked the front door before she was behind me, untucking my shirt and pulling it over my head. She reached down and worked free the button and zipper of my slacks, allowing them to fall to the floor. She grasped onto my already stiff member, putting her lips against the skin between my shoulders. The contact was like an electric current, running out from her kiss, all the way to my fingers and toes. 

She was driving me wild. I turned around and started by pulling the straps of her dress off her shoulders, pushing the silky-smooth garment down her body, revealing her perfect breasts to me. My fingers traced their way down her arms, lightly caressing her skin. The fabric stopped at her hips, where I hooked my thumbs into the waistline of her panties, pulling them down along with the simmering red dress. 

Katie stood before me, a goddess among mortals. She squealed when I picked her up, holding her under the back of her knees, and behind her neck. I carried her to the bedroom and tossed her on the bed, before moving to lie down as well. We caressed each other, pressing our bodies against one another as closely as possible. 

She rolled on top of me, straddling my waist. The stare she gave me right before lowering her lips to mine, left little doubt who was in control here. Our lips mashed together, as tongues searched out their partner. Our passion wasn't rushed as we continued to meld together. 
