 *All characters in this story are 18 years or older. This is a fan fiction derivative of existing fictional characters, however the plot and character development and use is the sole creation and discretion of the author*

**This is Part 2 of the Weekend subseries in Twins Cum Best with Twins. For context you may wish to read Chapter 6 and 7 prior to this one**

***Thank you to all who read and vote, with a special thanks to those who comment on the story. I write these for myself alone, but enjoy sharing them. If you like it, leave me a line, I read them all.***

The Weekend Part 2

Annie felt Ewan slip in as she bent between Hallie's legs, cleaning up the last of their combined cum cocktail. Hallie lay there spent as Ewan began to thrust into Annie from behind, pulling her hips back against his muscled torso. Annie moaned as he filled her aching pussy with his thick cock. Both guys had already cum twice and Annie knew it would take them longer to cum this round.

Annie relaxed as Ewan's strong arms supported her body, thrusting in and out of her from behind. Closing her eyes, she let him fuck her at his own pace, simply enjoying the increased friction caused by her by the angle. She crossed her ankles to close her legs together and felt the friction increase. So far the weekend was going better than they'd planned, with both guys still going strong. Annie flexed her pelvic muscles, squeezing his cock as he slid into her soliciting a groan from Ewan's lips. He quickened his pace and Annie began to squeeze him each time he entered her, increasing the pressure on his sensitive cock as it penetrated her wet sex.

Annie eyes flew open as she felt a mouth begin to suck on her left nipple. Aiden had positioned himself on the bed so that her breast was above him and he was now playing at her sensitive tit with his tongue. Glancing up, she noticed that Hallie was no longer lounging on the bed. From her current angle, she couldn't see her twin anywhere. A moment later she felt Ewan's pace slow. She looked over her shoulder to see Hallie kissing Ewan passionately while he thrust into her pussy. Aiden gently bit her nipple causing Annie to gasp as the sensations collided like ripples in a pond. She could feel the wave grow as it coursed through her body, intensifying the pleasure from Ewan's driving rod. Aiden switched to her right nipple and pinched the left with his fingers, adding to her desire. She moaned as he suckled the erect nipple into his mouth and swirled his tongue gently over the areole. His tongue danced as his finger's twisted and Ewan's hips plunged deeper and harder.

Annie reached forward and grasped Aiden's semi erect penis in her hand and began to massage the shaft. Immediately blood began to pump into his cock, causing it to expand and harden. Annie formed her hand around him and began to stroke his cock. She heard a light groan and Aiden paused as she felt his cock jerk, sending a small amount of pre-cum up his shaft forming a bead on his tip. From her current angle, she couldn't reach the bead to lick it off. Ewan stopped thrusting and Annie felt his cock twitch inside her. She couldn't help but smile. 'Damn,' she thought, 'you two really are twins.' She squeezed him and felt his cock twitch again and smiled when he groaned with effort. She knew he was close to cumming. Even having just fucked her sister, the sheer tightness created by her closed legs must have felt like a heavenly velvet vise on his driving member. Annie had to admit the added compression around his pulsing cock was deliciously filling her sex starved pussy. 

Annie stood up with Ewan still inside her, relishing the pressure of his thick cock against her G-spot and twisted to get at his mouth. Hallie stood behind Ewan and gently sucked on his ear as Annie began to tongue Ewan's mouth. Aiden resituated himself so that he was sitting on the bed facing Annie's rocking body. He watched as her frame gyrated, riding Ewan's cock as she stood in front of him. Hallie moved around the couple as they continued to make out and fuck, moving to stand facing Aiden. 

Hallie knelt down in front of her boyfriend and began to kiss her way up the side of his cock. Aiden leaned back as Hallie began to bob her head up and down, engulfing the head and part of the shaft in her warm mouth. He watched as Annie and his twin's hips ground in time, lips still locked in passion. Annie was moaning into his mouth, no doubt the pressure of her pussy around his cock was extreme at that angle and the thought of getting Hallie into that position made his body shudder eliciting another burst of pre-cum to shoot up into Hallie's sucking mouth. 

Annie broke their kiss and leaned forward a little, Ewan grabbing her breasts to counter balance while driving his cock up into her body. Annie's hands gently reached back gripping Ewan's hips as he fucked her from behind. Aiden could see the pleasure on his twin's face and knew he wouldn't last much longer. Despite the amazing feeling of Hallie's blowjob, he gently pulled her head up. He groaned when she sucked hard as the tip of his cock reached her lips, causing him to audibly pop out of her mouth. He glanced down at her O shaped mouth as she flashed him a sexy grin.

Pointing to the couple fucking behind her, he indicated Ewan's face. Hallie understood and walked over to the suitcase in the corner. Coming back she handed a sleek vibrator to Aiden. At his momentary look of confusion, she pointed to Annie and then made a stroking motion over her own clit. Aiden nodded and took position on Annie's left, vibrator in hand. At the same moment Hallie took up her position directly between Annie's legs in a squat.

As Aiden pressed the now buzzing vibrator against the top of Annie's slit, Hallie reached between the gyrating couple and made a ring with her fingers around the base of Ewan's cock, applying firm pressure to the root of his shaft. Hallie grinned wickedly as she stroked Ewan's balls, knowing that her ring was preventing him from cumming. Ewan groaned and Annie moaned loudly as the increased stimulation pushed her beyond her body's pleasure threshold. 

Annie's pussy began to pulsate around Ewan's cock. Ewan's eyes shut as he stopped thrusting and felt her velvet sex massage his sensitive penis. If Hallie hadn't clamped around his shaft like a cock ring, he knew her orgasm would have made him cum. Ewan held tight to Annie's body as she shook from the waves of blissful contractions travelling up her body. The vibrator on her clit mixed with the hard cock inside her only served to enhance the orgasm. Annie went limp in his arms. He held her to him, relishing the force with which her pussy gripped him, milked him, sucked him. Annie whimpered his name and he kissed her shoulder and cheek as she came down from her high.

Aiden lay back on the bed. Ewan pulled out of Annie sopping pussy and gently help her crawl onto the bed to straddle his twin. Ewan's breath caught as Hallie sucked him clean of Annie's juice before releasing his cock. She moved to between Aiden's legs and held his cock, guiding it to her sister's soaked lips. Hallie gently pushed down on Annie's ass with one hand as she kept Aiden's tip aimed with her other. Annie and Aiden both moaned as the head of his penis was enveloped by her teenage sex. Annie's body sank on to Aiden's stiff rod and she let out a tiny sigh as she buried him completely in her depths. Her muscles still a bit shaky, it was Aiden who took control, raising and lowering her hips and thrusting up into her. Annie's moans grew louder as her already sensitive pussy was pounded with renewed vigor.

Hallie turned to Ewan as the rhythmic slap, slap, slap of Annie's flesh meeting Aiden's and knelt in front of Ewan, taking his length into her mouth. Ewan leaned back against the wall as Hallie returned to the task of sucking his cock clean. She needed him completely cleaned off for what they had planned next. Hallie produced a small bottle of silicon lubricant and a foil packet from one hand. Kissing his cock slowly she rolled the latex condom onto his dick looking up at him and winking.

Ewan moved to stand just behind his brother as Hallie whispered into her sister's ear. Annie nodded and Aiden stopped thrusting into her. Both girls were curious but not sure if they would actually enjoy trying to fuck both guys at one time, one in the ass and the other in the pussy. The twins had agreed that whoever lost the bet would be the one to try it first.

Ewan climbed onto the bed and leaned over Annie's body. "Are you sure you want to try this?" he whispered into her ear.

Annie looked up at him, a small smile on her lips. "Yes. I'll let you know if I need to stop, I promise."

Satisfied with her answer, Ewan balanced on the bed and placed the tip of his cock at the small hole. Hallie poured the lubricant into the well created by his cock. Easing his tip he let the lube surround her entrance. He pressed the head of his cock forward, gently working it in and pulling out then working in a little deeper before pulling back again.

Annie had to force her body to relax as Ewan attempted to enter her back door. She felt his size, his girth and worried that it would hurt. Still, she didn't stop him. Ewan pressed his tip at the entrance again. She mentally relaxed this time and felt his cock beginning to wedge its way in. A slight gasp escaped her lips as the tip penetrated her ass. She felt the slight burning as the size of his cock began to stretch her. Ewan pulled out and eased back in, each stroke getting easier until the tip would slip in without much discomfort. Aiden pulled out so that the pressure would ease as Annie's body became accustomed to Ewan's cock in her ass.

Ewan continued his back and forth movement until half of his shaft was sheathed between her sexy cheeks. Annie winced as he gave a deeper thrust. Aiden lifted his head and kissed Annie hard, completely stealing her attention. Annie responded to his kiss, opening her mouth to accept his probing tongue. Hallie had been filming the whole thing and now moved behind Ewan getting a close up of his balls, cock and Annie's puffy pussy lips. Hallie reached for Aiden's cock as he continued to devour her twin's mouth. As Hallie aligned Aiden's cock with Annie's cunt, Aiden gently thrust up, penetrating her pussy. 

As his hard shaft slid between her lips, Annie could feel the two cocks pressing into her simultaneously. The pressure from Ewan's cock was pushing Aiden's cock on her G-spot. What had started out mildly uncomfortable was now sending shockwaves of intense pleasure from her pussy. As each thrust rubbed the pleasure center of her canal Annie panted heavily.

"Oooooohhhhh gawd that feels......oh.....oh.......that feels...." Annie's words were broken up as both cocks slid in and out of her. The intense pressure stimulating her G-spot and the added feeling of being filled with Ewan's cock made Annie shudder. 

Hallie made sure she was getting a good camera angle of both cocks thrusting into her sister. Annie began to whimper as Ewan thrust gently against her ass and Aiden thrust up. Aiden was enjoying the extra pressure that the presence of his twin's cock was adding. He could feel the movements of his brother's cock as it slid in and out of her ass, like a finger was stroking up and down the base of his shaft. Aiden began to speed up, occasionally feeling his balls meeting Ewan's as he thrust down. He groaned with the effort to keep himself from cumming in her too soon, but by the look of pleasure on Annie's face, he figured she wasn't far away from cumming too. Ewan's gasp from above caught his attention. Aiden angled his head to the side and could see the look of enjoyment on his twin's face and wondered how Annie's ass felt. Annie began kissing him again as all three fell into a steady rhythm. 

Annie's mind reeled. The slight discomfort of Ewan's cock slipping in and out of her ass was mild compared to the intense pleasure of Aiden's cock head massaging her G-spot. It was a different kind of stimulation than when either of them just fucked her, it was more intense, more full. With each thrust, the slight pain diminished and actually began to add to the sensations, enhancing the pleasure and pushing her closer to orgasm. The twin's seemed to know when the other was going to thrust deeper and did so in unison causing Annie to feel both hard shafts fill her at the same time. Her pussy felt as if it was completely full as the added presence of Ewan's cock created the sensation of completeness within her body. She felt the strong hard bodies sandwiching her in an erotic three-sided prison.

All three breathed hard as they worked and wriggled against each other. Hallie's hand was between her legs as she filmed the look of each face as they fucked. She pulled the camera back to get a view of Annie being sandwiched between the two gorgeous men, staring admiringly as she watched Ewan's ass bobbing back and forth as he drove his cock into Annie's ass. She was getting wetter as she watched the strong muscles flex as he humped her. Aiden's muscled arms provided the leverage he needed to fill Annie's pussy, matching stroke for stroke with his brother. By the look on Annie's face, Hallie knew she would be demanding the same double-decker treatment. Hallie moved the camera view to their rear, watching Ewan's balls swing with each undulation. The scent of Annie's excitement was intoxicatingly sweet. Each grunt and groan drew Hallie into a trance as they fucked together.

Moving the camera with her gaze, she switched back and forth between the faces, watching as Ewan's began to strain just as Aiden's expression mirrored his. Hallie knew that look, they were both getting close. Annie began to kiss Aiden again.

As they broke their kiss Annie felt her orgasm suddenly start. She could feel her pussy clamp down on Aiden's cock while her ass clenched like a vise around Ewan's. She felt her insides begin to flutter as her hips undulated of their own accord. Realty began to twist about her as the shockwaves flowed outward from between her hips. Annie moaned her pleasure as electricity sang through her nerves. "Ohhhhhhh.......ohhhhhhhhhhh........oh....yessssssssss.......ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.....gawd............YESSSSSSSSSS!"

Both twins felt the undulating flex of Annie's body pulsating around their cocks. As if on cue, both of them thrust forward, burying as much of their length inside her as they could, relishing the milking sensation enfolding their shafts. The tight sensation of Annie's orgasm pushed both boys over the edge. Ewan let out a groan that turned to a moan as his balls tightened up against his body. Aiden could feel his toes curl as the inevitable plunge began, drawing his sac up close to the base of his cock while muscles seized in that split second before release. Ewan's cock swelled, making Annie's hole even tighter as his insides surged. Cum raced up the center of his shaft with burning pleasure. At that same moment he felt his brother begin to cum. Aiden's cock began to jerk within Annie's pussy, pulsing, pumping, flooding her with his sperm. Ewan could feel each blast of cum flowing through his cock, pressure surrounding his throbbing organ. Burst after burst of semen blasted from his tip and into Annie's body. The sensation was intensified by the feeling of Aiden's cock pumping his own cum into her pussy. Ewan could actually feel the pulses through the thin barrier that separated their flowing organs. Aiden felt his twin's cock as it injected cum into Annie's ass. Aiden let out a loud grunt as the last of his cum surged from his tip. Ewan could barely keep his body from collapsing on Annie and Aiden so intense was his orgasm. He pulled himself out of her, removed the condom and throwing it away as he fell on the bed, thoroughly spent. Annie simply lay atop Aiden, his cock still deep inside her, both unable to move.

Hallie let out an astonished breath. "That was so fucking hot!" She switched the video camera to playback mode and flipped out the small view screen. Her eyes focused intently on the playback. "You guys have got to see this!" She walked over to the TV and hooked up the connections. Rewinding the digital feed, she played it right at point of their orgasm.

The recording was from the back of the group, up close so that Ewan's balls hung at the top of the screen and Aiden's lay at the bottom. Annie's orgasm started. Her Body began to visibly squeeze their cocks, her high pitched pleasure erupting. As Annie began to cum so did the boys. Aiden's ball visible pulled up and began to gently throb as his shaft started to pump the mixture of sperm from his body into hers. Ewan's orgasm started a fraction of a second later. His ball rose up giving a perfect view of the two thick cocks inside Annie's holes, both pumping spurt after spurt of teenage semen into her. Hallie had two fingers as deep as they could go into her own drenched sex while she watched the shaft's of both men rhythmically inject her twin. It was so erotic to watch them cum, and cum they did. As Annie screamed, they moaned and all three came in an encompassing orgasmic bliss. Ewan pulled himself off of Annie, discarding the condom. Cum coated Aiden's cock, still half buried in Annie's quivering pussy. 

Hallie pointed to the screen, "That part almost made me cum right there." As she began to hungrily watch the group trying to catch their breath. 

The three exhausted teens lay on the bed, enjoying the blissful afterglow of their orgasm as Hallie continued to replay the video, rubbing her clit repeatedly. 

With each rewind, Hallie just knew. She had to try it herself.

***

**Please let me know your thoughts.**