 Author's Note: 

Sorry for the long wait on this chapter in the lives of John and the Twins. My life has been busy, and truthfully this effort evolved into more depth than I had originally intended, in a good way, of course. If you aren't familiar with the Twins, their saga began with "Twins Across the Street" (parts 1-3) and continued with "Twins-Reunion" then on to "Twins-Winter Magic." I encourage you read the others to get a better feel for the characters. The genre changed from Erotic Couplings to Group Sex, so I will be keeping the remaining chapters in Group Sex for consistency. 

I have to thank my long-time editor, Guinahart, for her patience and advice. This story would have been harder to read without her help and guidance. Lately I have been asking for assistance from others such as BlackRandl1958 and Sbrooks103, but felt like giving them a break this time around. I know Randi was probably swamped with her efforts for the LW Legends Day II event, and don't wish to add to her workload. 

Of course, all characters in this story are fictional and any that engage in sexual activity are over the age of 18. I hope you enjoy reading it! 

************* 

(Excerpt from the end of "Twins – Winter Magic") 

Dinner that night was excellent. I hadn't had a wholesome family dinner in a long time, not since my parents had been killed. Of course, the whole day was a little awkward, but we made the most of it. I truly believe that they were warming up to the idea of their girls being with me, even if it was a very unusual relationship. 

After dinner I went home, with the twins promising to come visit with me in the next day or two, before they had to head back to school. I got myself a snifter of some scotch, and sat in front of the fireplace getting comfortable. 

'Wow, this has been one of the best holiday seasons I've ever had,' I thought. 

About an hour later, I was ready for bed in my sweatpants and a t-shirt, when I heard the doorbell. Thinking that the twins snuck out to spend the night with me, I was almost skipping to the door. I did say, ALMOST... give me some credit please. 

Opening the door, the beaming smile on my face quickly turned into an expression of confusion. There, standing in the rain and getting wet was my ex-wife, Sheri. I had no idea why she was there, and was speechless. 

"Well, John, aren't you going to invite me in?" she asked. 

************* 

Twins – A New Year 

To say that I was shocked would be a huge understatement. Epic, even. "What the FUCK was she doing here?" I asked myself. I think I blinked, but not a hundred percent sure about that. 

"Come on, John, please?" she asked. 

I want to say that I was intelligent enough to slam the door on her cheating face, but I just moved aside, held the door, and let her in. After shutting the door behind her I followed her into the living room, where she turned back towards me and smiled. 

Despite all that had happened, she was still as radiantly beautiful as ever. Her hair was still long and flowing. She still smiled with almost a smirk, turning up one corner of her pretty little mouth. Her long, shapely legs still seemed to go on for days, and her delectable ass still had the perfect round shape. 

After a minute, I shook my head to clear the fog that had temporarily set up shop. Whatever she wanted, I would listen and then promptly send her packing again. I waved my arm over to the couch, and after she sat down, I took my spot on the recliner across from her. 

"The place looks great, John. Did you redecorate?" 

"Sheri, I can honestly say that I thought I would never see you again. What do you want?" I asked deadpan. 

She looked down into her lap, wringing her fingers in her lap, before looking up at me with eyes starting to moisten with tears. 

"I'm so sorry, John, for everything. I wanted to come tell you how sorry I was, for leaving things the way that I did." 

I had no idea what she wanted, but it was starting to sound a lot like she had an agenda. I decided to be nice, but not make this easy for her. 

"Well, thanks for the apology, Sheri. I was really hurt for a while, but I'm doing great now." 

She looked down again, and without looking back up, nearly whispered. "I want to come home, honey." 

Wait, what? Did she just say she wanted to come home? Talk about a twilight zone moment. I nearly laughed, but figured this would go much quicker if I didn't. 

"Sheri, this isn't your home anymore. You gave me and this house up, remember? What ever happened to, what was her name... Janet?" 

At this point, she broke down. Her shoulders were slumped and started shaking, as she began body wracking sobs. Tears fell from her eyes down to her lap, and I heard her trying to speak while near bawling. 

What I thought I heard was, "She... left... me." 

She may have cheated on me and left me with no warning, but I was not an asshole. I could have said any number of hurtful things, but chose instead to just remain silent. Eventually she calmed enough to slow the tears, and coughed to clear her throat. 

"She left. She went back to her husband. Bitch didn't even tell me she was married." 

Wow, talk about karma. I couldn't resist this time. 

"Sheri, what did you expect? A person that was willing to have sex with a married woman, like you, most likely would be willing to cheat as well." 

"I know..." she stammered, once again reduced to tears. 

This was getting old, fast. I felt bad for her, but still had no clue why she came to me. My hope that this would end quickly started to fade. 

"I'm guessing that she only stayed with you on weekends, or something like that?" 

She simply nodded. 

"And now he's being reassigned somewhere, and she's moving away with him, huh?" 

She nodded again, no words coming to her. THAT was a first for her. She had always been the more vocal in our relationship. She was still sobbing, albeit now mostly a silent shaking of her shoulders. She had slumped over to the side, resting her elbow on the armrest of the couch, face in the palm of her hand. 

"Sheri," I began. She didn't budge. I cleared my throat and tried again. "Sheri!" 

This time she looked up, eyes red, but at least partially back in the present. 

"Yeah?" she answered meekly. 

"I'm sorry that things didn't work out for you, really, but that still doesn't explain why you came here." 

"You. I'm here for you, John. I want another chance, even though I know I don't deserve one." 

I had half expected something like that, but her answer still shocked me a bit. Why would she think that there was any chance with me? 

"Sheri, why would you think to come to me? I mean, you didn't exactly burn the bridge on the way out the door, but it basically broke and fell into the water behind you. Remember that bridge over the Skagit that fell into the river a few years ago? That pretty much sums it up." 

She blinked, choked back some more tears, and swallowed with an audible gulp. I think at that point, reality had set in that we weren't getting back together. Frankly, I was surprised that she thought she had any sort of chance at all. 

"I don't have anywhere to go, John. I can't afford my apartment now, not without her help." 

Now I was starting to grasp the real reason she came to me. "How is that my problem? Sheri, we had what I thought was two good years, almost three if you count the few months we dated before getting married." 

I had to pause, getting a bit emotional thinking of the day she had walked out on me. "When you left, it hurt. I asked myself, 'Was it me? Did I do something wrong?'... Sheri, I doubted myself for weeks, wondering what I had done to drive you away from me. You know my past. You know that I was basically alone, with no family, and it had finally felt like HOME with you. That all ended the day you left me." 

"John, I'm..." she started. 

"Hang on, let me finish. It took a while, but eventually I figured out that it wasn't me, at least not totally. I still blame myself for proposing to you so quickly, and not getting to know you as well as I should have. You were a fun woman to be with, and I thought we meshed well. Ultimately, I now realize that we were just not meant to be together." 

She nodded slowly, looking down. I could see and hear the deep sigh come from her, accepting defeat. "John, I'm sorry that I hurt you. That was never my intention. I was selfish, obviously, and was only thinking about myself. Janet was fun and at the time, I thought it would be my next great adventure. Boy, was I wrong." 

She looked up at this, a sadness in her eyes. It was time to put her out of her misery. 

"Sheri, I've got someone special in my life now. The way I feel now, proves that you and I went too fast. I never felt the way I do now, with you, even when we were on our honeymoon... I don't know what you are going to do, but I don't have any anger left towards you. It took a while, but I've forgiven you. Whatever happens now, I truly hope you eventually find happiness." I gave her a smile at that. 

"Thank you, it means a lot to hear that." 

"Just do yourself a favor. Next time, be true to whoever you love, and cherish that person with everything you have." 

She chuckled at that. "Yeah, I think I've learned my lesson. Thank you, John. You are being much nicer than I deserve." She got a nervous look then, and I had a bad feeling there was more. 

"What?" I asked. 

"Well... I sorta need somewhere to stay..." she muttered. 

"Um, can't you go stay with your parents?" I asked incredulously. 

She looked down, sniffled, but said nothing. "Sheri?" I asked. 

"Um... They moved. To Oregon..." 

She paused, looked like she was gathering her strength, then looked up into my eyes. I still saw the stunning blue color there, that had once been my favorite to get lost in. 

"They won't talk to me much anymore, not since... since I left you. They won't put me up now." 

Well, shit. 

************* 

NEED u guys! 

My Ex showed up, we need to talk 

Sitting in my bedroom, I sent that message to Teri and Kate. I didn't want to freak them out, but there was no way that I wanted to deal with this situation without consulting with them. I smiled thinking about my two loves. Those two could raise my spirits, no matter how bad things got. They could raise something else too, very efficiently. I grinned like an idiot for a second or two. My phone buzzed a minute later, a message from Teri. 

Call me, will put it on speaker. 

"Hey, beautiful," I started with. "I need help. I have no idea what to do here." 

"So, the BITCH, your ex-wife is there?" asked Katie in the background, sounding as incredulous as I felt about the whole thing. "What the hell does she want? Want us to come over and kick her ass for you?" 

Have I mentioned that I love these two? A very warm sense of pride filled me just then. I told them as much. 

"God, it's good to hear you say that. No, she doesn't need an ass-whooping, although that'd be pretty funny. Actually, I'll keep that in mind," I finished, grinning. 

"John, what's the problem? She isn't trying to weasel her way in on our man, is she?" asked Teri, concern in her voice. 

I briefly explained to them the very bizarre conversation I'd had with Sheri, finishing with her problem of needing somewhere to stay. "I don't want her to stay here, but I don't like the idea of her homeless either. I'm just not that kind of guy," I finished with. 

"You are one of the kindest men I know. That's one of many things I love about you," Teri said. 

"But you're right, she can't have you, so she needs another plan," finished Katie. 

I chuckled at their twin response, still keeping me on my toes. "Sorry, that was for you guys doing your twin thing, not for this f'd up situation. So, what should I do? I was thinking of letting her crash on my couch, and giving her some money in the morning. I don't know what else to do, or even if I should do anything more." 

"Well, it's your money, John," said Katie. 

"And your house, so why are you asking us?" finished Teri. 

"Because you two are my life now. There is no way that I want to risk what we have, with the ghost of my former marriage here. I love you too much!" 

The girls were strangely silent. After a slight pause, I cleared my throat and spoke up. 

"So, on the day after Christmas, my ex shows up at my door... Sounds like the beginning to a bad slasher movie. Okay, I will let her stay, but I want you both to know that I will make it up to you, after she's gone." 

************* 

Well, as it turns out, things weren't as simple as I'd hoped. After the girls and I hung up, I told Sheri she could crash on my couch, and we would talk in the morning. I had a horrible nightmare while I slept, waking up in the middle of the night, sweating. 

The next morning, I awoke to the smell of coffee. I groaned, with a desire to have that coffee, and bitch out the person who made it. I should have been sandwiched between my two loves, not alone and cold. 

That morning we had that conversation I promised her. Basically, I told her that I had no problem helping her out, but she couldn't stay here with me. She accepted my help with gratitude, after telling me more about how little she had left. Somehow she had managed to blow through the cash she had gotten in our divorce settlement, although it wasn't a huge sum, and most of her clothing was packed in the back of her SUV. 

She promised that she would figure something out, and a few days later got a hold of her Aunt down in Montesano, to see if she could stay with her. Her Aunt agreed and would meet her half-way, near Olympia. I drove her, and I wished her well as she got out of the truck. 

I had gotten over the bad blood between the two of us, and finally let go of the specter of "what if's" that surrounded my memories of Sheri. The only good thing to come of my unexpected visitor, was the unwavering support that I got from the twins. The trust they displayed during this ordeal, was by far the best gift I got for Christmas. 

On the return drive, I thought a lot about my current love life. I knew without a doubt, that I was head-over-heals in love with Katie and Teri. I decided at that moment that I wanted to spend the rest of my life showing them just how much. I just had to get home and make it up to them... 

************* 

Since it was a day before New Years' Eve, I figured the best way I could repay the twins would be to have a long celebration of the coming new year. And by long, I mean a lot of quality time together, followed by more quality time together. I really, really wanted to show them my appreciation. I sent the twins a text again, hoping it would be enough of a teaser to get them in the right mood. 

You guys are so good to me 

Tomorrow night, I pay you back! 

Naturally the responses I got back were snarky, and made me bust out laughing. From Teri, it was almost serious. 

I trust you will... 

Hope it will be worth my time ;) 

After careful consideration, I decided that I liked the sound of that. Katie's response was a bit more obvious, but still nonetheless hilarious. 

Who says I'm not going to pay YOU back! 

Prepare to be punished! 

Now that I had whet their appetites, I was going to do my best to forget the past few traumatic days, and remind those gorgeous twins that I loved them. After running around gathering supplies for the next few nights, I went home to finalize the decorations. I had high hopes that the twins would appreciate my attention to detail. That, and hopefully, a whole lot of nakedness. 

I was pacing, going out of my mind, as I finally heard the knock on the door. I opened it, reached out and grabbed the arm of each twin, tugging them inside for one of our now patented 3-way hugs. One of them kicked the door shut behind her, and if anything, we pulled in tighter. 

"God, I love you two," I said, barely a breath of volume. 

"I love you," they said in unison. 

For the first time that I could remember, I didn't chuckle at their twin'ism. I felt more comfortable than I ever had, and had a warm feeling tingling all over my body. I just knew, I needed these two to be in my life forever. Finally, with reluctance I pulled back to look them in the eyes. Such deep, pools of life... 

"God, get it together," I thought, mentally smacking myself. 

"As much as I want to strip you both, right here, right now," I opened with, pulling them into the living room, "I have two presents for each of you." 

We sat down, the twins each picking one side of me, in the middle. Have I mentioned yet that I love these two? 

"John, you know you really don't need to get us anything," said Katie. 

"But since you offered," finished Teri, with a huge, pearly white smile. 

I smiled in return. How could I not? "Ladies, I can't thank you enough for your patience with me these last few days. I know it couldn't be easy, knowing who was here, but you guys showed that you had complete trust in me. Now, it's my turn to show you that same level of trust," I said. 

I quickly pulled two small keychains from behind one of the couch cushions. Dangling from each was a key. I took a deep breath, and recited the words that I had practiced. I'd wanted to make sure this moment was perfect for them. 

"You already own my heart, now I want you to be able to share my home," handing each woman a very special keychain. 

To Teri, I gave her a Unicorn. The little horse hung spinning, glittery and graceful. It was everything I felt when I thought of her. 

"Teri, whenever I think of you, or am with you, I feel like I am in the presence of a Unicorn. They are a mythical creature, caring and full of magic..." was all I got out, before being pounced on by a very excited Teri. 

She kissed me, as if she would never get to kiss me again. Her lips were hot enough to melt chocolate, the passion evident between us. She slowly slid back from my lap, smiling as her eyes moistened up. I too, felt the emotion of the moment, smiling in return. 

I turned to my other side, and enjoyed the deep pools of Kate's azure eyes. I held the other keychain out to her. It was a wild horse, a Mustang. To me, Katie was my wild spirit, untamed and so full of life. 

"Katie, to me you are my Mustang. They are one of the most amazing and strong animals in the wild. You share their spirit, their strength, and I love you for it, more than you can possibly know," handing her the caramel horse keychain. 

The horse had no saddle, only a gloss coat of a very warm caramel color, it's mane crafted to look as if flowing, while the majestic animal ran through the wild. 

"John, I love you, too..." Katie managed, as tears welled up in her eyes. 

She leaned in to me, grasping my cheeks with her soft hands, and pulled me towards her. Our lips met, as if they were never meant to be apart. I felt a part of my soul join with hers, as the slow, tender press of her lips on mine continued. Eventually, we pulled back, each breathing heavy. She blinked away the tears, and smiled as brightly as her sister. 

"You two are my life. These keys are just the beginning of showing you how much," I said. "The other present for you both, is... well... let's just say I thought it was time to reward you," I finished with a wink. 

They looked at me, like they were in deep thought trying to figure out what I meant by that. It was time for my big reveal. 

"Upstairs, in two very special rooms, are my attempts at granting you each a fantasy that you'd admitted to in the past." 

"You mean, you paid attention to us?" asked Teri, smirking at the verbal jab at me. 
