 **All characters in this story are 18 years of age or older. This story is complete fiction and is intended for the enjoyment of an adult audience only.**

Annie looked in the full length mirror and examined herself, looking for anything out of place. Annie shifted her hips slightly to straighten a small wrinkle on her left. She glanced in the mirror to her twin sister, Hallie. Both young women had chosen the exact same dress for tonight. Both young women could feel the apprehension as they primped and accented the final touches of their French designer dresses. This was a night of firsts: her first official date, well double date, her first Fall Formal, and if she and Hallie had their way, their first fuck.

It had taken a lot of convincing and pleading for their parents to even allow the twins to go to the Formal without the having the supervision of either their parents or Jessie, their nanny. Their father was a bit too protective of the girls to ask directly, so they had instead convinced their mother and she in turn had her convinced him. Originally he had consented to the Fall Formal, but required them to have a chaperone to ensure that the time they spent with the guys was supervised. After the girls had complained thoroughly, their father has reluctantly agreed to letting them go without an extra adult. There were rules of course. No alcohol, no drugs, no sex and their curfew was set for 2 AM. Both young women had absolutely no intention of breaking any of the rules, except one.

Both Hallie and Annie were virgins, but they had no desire to stay that way. Only a few weeks prior to this night, Annie and Hallie had had their first experience with each other. Hallie had gone in to the shower intending to get off while thinking of a boy at school. Annie had walked in as she had started to finger herself and asked to join in. Hallie, embarrassed by being caught so blatantly had been incensed at her sister's suggestion. She had never thought of Annie as the masturbating type and had been completely taken aback when she had suggested "helping each other out" Hallie hadn't known how to respond. Not being able to sleep that night, Hallie had gone to the kitchen for some ice-cream and to think. Annie had come down and apologized for offending her twin, and as she had turned to leave, Hallie had kissed her. The kiss had become much more. It had transformed them, matured them, and drawn them to one another. Fear of being discovered had caused them to return to their shared room. In the privacy of their bedroom, the twins had explored each other's bodies, sharing the bliss of another's touch.

Annie felt a smile touch her lips as she remembered Hallie's hungry mouth pressed against her bare sex. She had been surprised by the boldness of such a move, given Hallie's initial reluctance to enjoy cu pleasures. A shiver passed through her as she remembered the amazing pleasure that had filled her body as Hallie's tongue had lapped at her pussy. Never before had she felt the kind of sensation that her twin had drawn from her. Annie felt flushed remembering how Hallie had nearly driven her to unconsciousness with the intensity of that pleasure. Since that initial event, the twins had spent each night learning each other's bodies, desires, and needs. There was no place on the other's body that either had not explored. She glanced up from the mirror as she felt Hallie's eyes on her.

"You ok Annie, you look a bit out of it?" Hallie's concern was evident in her eyes as she watched her twin. Annie felt no embarrassment at her thoughts. She had, after all, shared this experience with the only person who could possibly understand her. Annie smiled. Her body had responded to her memories and she was already getting wet.

"Absolutely fab." She winked at her twin and gave her a once over. "Dare I say sis, you look positively good enough to eat." By the instant blush, Annie knew that her double meaning was not lost on Hallie.

Hallie grinned as she ran her eyes over her twin's body. "I'm afraid you'll have to wait until tomorrow." She raised her eyebrows, "I intend to let Aiden give that pleasure tonight."

Annie felt some of her nervousness return. "Hal?" She waited until she knew she had her twin's attention. "Are you sure we should go through with this?" He bit her bottom lip as she looked into Hallie's eyes. "That we should..."

Hallie put her hands on her hips. "Fuck the cutest guys in the school?"

The very phrase sent another chill down her spine and Annie could feel more moisture build. She knew the answer to her own question. Yes, she wanted it. She wanted to feel his hands on her hips. She wanted to hear her name uttered in breathless gasps. She wanted to feel his solid body against hers. She wanted to feel his lips pressed into her own. She need to feel his throbbing cock pushing into...

"Earth to Annie!?"

Annie's head snapped up. She could feel her whole body warm with excitement. She had to mentally calm her breathing as she focused on something, anything but Ewan and what she wanted to do to him.

Hallie had a broad smile on her face. "You were thinking about it, weren't you?" She walked over a playfully hit her sister's shoulder. "You ask me if you think we should actually go through with it." She smirked, "I bet you were thinking about fucking Ewan, admit it." Hallie crossed the room and knelt down in front of her twin. Before Annie could stop her, Hallie had reached her hand up the short skirt and pressed her thumb between the soaked lips of Annie's pussy. Annie couldn't help but moan as her twin's thumb pushed deeply into her. Hallie pulled her thumb out and pushed her index and middle finger back in while using her slick thumb to rub Annie's sensitive clit. Annie felt her legs buckle as her already excited sex was pleasured by Hallie's practiced movements.

Hallie's face took on a wicked smile as she looked up at her twin's expression, "Now just think how good it will feel when Ewan presses his thick cock right up....here." She punctuated the last word with a firm thrust into her twin's sopping core. Annie felt her legs go weak as she almost came from the combination of her sister's thrusting fingers and her own mental images of Ewan's body. As she sank down to the floor shuddering violently , Hallie removed her fingers and licked them clean and they both knelt facing the other. Hallie closed the distance between then and kissed her twin sister passionately allowing her tongue to play with Annie's. She could hear Annie moan into the kiss. As much as she wanted to continue, she knew they'd never be ready in time if they did. She pulled back and winked at Annie.

Annie felt her heart racing as Hallie had broken their kiss. They were twins; physical mirrors and mentally connected by unknown ties. When ideas occurred to one, the other would often voice what her twin had not yet spoken. For Hallie and Annie, the more excited they became over an idea, the more their thought process paralleled. With sex on the brain, both of them were getting wetter by the minute. Annie knew that in the heightened sense of sexual tension of this evenings anticipated events, it wouldn't have taken much more of Hallie's movements to make her cream.

It took Annie a few moments to get herself under control. Lifting herself off the floor, she walked over to the mirror to double check that everything was in place. Both girls wore matching deep red dresses, backless down to the crease of their ass and came to about mid-thigh length in a straight simple cut. Both, at the insistence of their father, wore a shawl over their exposed shoulders. A halter kept the dress in place. Both girls sported 2-inch high-heel shoes that matched the color of their dresses. Both chose the exact same hair styling, winding the hair tightly into a bun with bangs hanging to either side of the face. Light makeup with slight glitter on the face gave a sparkling look to each without the appearance of excess.

It was just nearing 6:30 in the evening when they heard Jessie call up that their ride was here. Both girls looked at each other and took a deep breath holding their arms and fingers crossed. They both looked each other, eyes meeting. They couldn't help but laugh at the twinkle in the other's eyes. It was time.

***

Annie and Hallie made their way down the large stairway from the upstairs. Both had to pause a moment when the young men came into view. They stood together both with flowers in their hands that, to their credit, were each different in colors and arrangement. The normally tousled hair was combed and parted in the front, trimmed just enough to look well groomed while still leaving it long. Cleanly shaven faces sat on pressed, white tuxedo shirts donned with deep red bow ties and matching cummerbunds. The nineteen year old studs looked good enough to eat.

Ewan and Aiden both stood talking to Jessie as they first noticed the sexily dressed women at the base of the stairs. By the slight parting of their mouths and the immediate silence overtaking the two handsome men, it was clear that the twins had chosen their dresses perfectly.

Jessie looked back and forth between the two sets of twins. "Ok! So don't everyone talk at once!"

She glanced again between the guys and the girls and knew by the slightly star struck look, neither group had heard her attempt at humor. Her eyes widened as she made a slight grimace and walked over to the two young ladies. In a voice low enough to keep the guys from hearing her, she spoke to each twin, making eye contact to emphasize her words. "Now, you're parents have given me specific instructions, you are to be back no later than 2 AM, and I am to reiterate, no alcohol, no drugs of any kind and absolutely no monkey business."

She pulled them both close to her, either arm catching both' small purses. She reached into her jeans and pulled out two small packages. One of each went into the purses. They looked in the bag and saw a foil sealed square condom packet. For a split second, Hallie and Annie worried that they had somehow tipped Jessie off to their plans. Looking a bit startled and a little fearful, Jessie leaned in again to whisper to them. "Just incase." Jessie looked both in the eye with a serious look, "I expect to get both of those back from you when you come home, but..." She paused before resuming, "Being that you both are adults now," She looked down for a moment and shook her head, "God I can't believe I just said that!" She looked back at them, "You are both adults, and I know you agreed not to, but I also understand how the pressures of life go. So please...please...please! Don't do anything that requires them, ok?"

Both of them nodded their understanding of her words. Once convinced that she had made her point, Jessie straightened and stepped behind them. With a gentle push towards the waiting young men, Jessie called after them, "You kids have fun, call if you need anything and remember, back by two!"

They walked over and took the offered flowers as each of the Jacobson brothers took them by the arm and walked out the front door. As they reached the top of the steps, a large white stretch Humvee limousine waited. Annie was led around the back of the vehicle to the left and Hallie to the right, the young men opening the doors and gesturing their invitation. Both of them stepped up into the limo and noticed immediately that the interior was much larger than the small limousines both had ridden in before. There was nearly enough room to stand if one was so inclined. Both girls slid in and noting the large couch-like seating to the front and rear of the limo. Hallie glanced at Annie and winked, a slight smile coming to their lips. Both held the flowers in one hand and their purses in the other.

The small packet that Jessie had given them both would indeed make it back to her intact and unused. What Jessie wasn't aware of was that both girls were on birth control pills and had been for several months, at the decision of their mother. Neither had any intention of having any barrier between their bodies and that of the handsome twins now slipping onto the seats. They intended this night to be one remembered by all of them. Each moved sit opposite the young men, sitting close to the dividing privacy window, currently open. Hallie leaned towards the driver, a young man who looked to be in his thirties sat behind the wheel.

"How far to the school from here...uhm....?" Although Hallie was fully aware of the time it would take for them to travel, she wanted to gauge the driver. After all, the girls intended to draw out this first time and to do that, they had to make sure they wouldn't be interrupted.

The driver glanced into his rearview mirror and smiled. "Thomas; and it should take about a little over an hour and twenty minutes if we take the most direct route.

Hallie leaned in and spoke softly. "Thank you Thomas, quick question as we would get there more than a little early: how long would it take for the scenic route?"

Thomas raised an eyebrow and his face took on a thoughtful pose for a few seconds, "Assuming traffic is fair, the 'scenic route' would take about almost forty minutes more than normal, are you sure you want to ride that long." He looked back at the young men and then to Hallie, "Don't get me wrong the night is paid for and I don't mind, just making sure you actually want to take longer to get there."

Hallie smiled sincerely. "We do, this is our first date and we'd like to have a little time before we join the rest of our school in a loud auditorium. Such large crowds Don't really bode well for getting to know someone."

Thomas looked from Hallie to the young men then Annie and finally back to Hallie. "Well, I do believe if I go around the turnpike, it would take almost About two and a half, would that be too long? I don't want you to be late."

Hallie smiled again. "No, I think that would do just fine. Thank you very much Thomas."

Thomas nodded with a kind smile. "Not at all."

As Hallie resituated herself, the solid privacy divider rose into place with a slight hum and clicked as it locked into place. In moments, the vehicle pulled out of the Parker's driveway and headed onto California Highway 29 turning south toward San Francisco.

Hallie looked over to Annie and winked while getting up and moving to the opposite side urging Ewan to take a place next to Annie

Ewan was the first to speak up. "Both Aiden and I wanted you know how honored we are to have to two as our dates tonight." He smiled, and the girls could see his sincerity. He raised his hand to point a finger in the air. "And we want you to know that we will do anything and everything we can to make this a memorable and wonderful night!" Hallie thought he looked proud of himself on his last statement, as if he'd rehearsed it and was pleased to have executed it well. You and your brother fuck our brains out and I'm sure I'll have a VERY memorable and wonderful night, she couldn't help but think.

Annie turned to Ewan, glancing back at Aiden, "We were delighted to be asked by such handsome men. And I hope you deliver on your promise." She left the last line open, watching them both.

Hallie looked turned to Aiden, "Speaking of a good time, there is something I've wanted to do for a few weeks."

Aiden turned to her with a smile, about to question what she meant, but before he could get the question out, Hallie's lips pressed against his. She was tentative at first, not wanting to turn him off by being so forward. Aiden's surprise shifted, and Hallie could feel his lips push back against hers, carefully, not pressing too firmly against her. Hallie pulled back, breathing heavily, opening her eyes.

"We really should have tried that sooner." She managed as she glanced at her twin.

Annie had taken the same moment to kiss Ewan, but they hadn't stopped as Hallie and Aiden. In fact Annie was giving and getting a little tongue between each kiss. A hand gently touched the side of her face and turned her slowly back to look at Aiden.

"No kidding, how about we try it again?" He looked into her eyes and spoke a little slower, "To make sure we got it right." He explained.

Hallie bit her lower lip and smiled coyly, "Oh I'm pretty sure you were getting it right..." She lifted her eyebrows in invitation.

Aiden pressed his mouth against hers, arm around her shoulder effectively pulling her closer to intensify the movement. She felt her pulse racing and her breath turn ragged. Damn, she thought, hope you fuck like you kiss. Hallie placed her hand against the seat to steady herself and she attacked his lips with vigor. Hallie could feel Aiden's warm hand begin to slide down her bare back in a caressing manner. She pushed her tongue between his lips and tasted him. A slight taste of mint registered as she caressed his tongue with her own, savoring the tingling that radiated from her lips and touched her finger tips. His mouth was exhilarating her. As his tongue explored her mouth, his fingers began to explore her back, tracing her spine with his index finger from her shoulder blades down to crease of her ass. His finger stopped edging down and rested just above the material. She knew he was letting her decide how far he was allowed to go. Little did he know, Hallie didn't plan on letting him stop.

Annie felt Ewan's tongue across her lips and he accepted and returned her intense French kiss. She moaned softly into his mouth, feeling his touch and savoring the scent of his cologne. She always enjoyed the spicy scent of him and the combination of his hand, his lips, and his scent was enticing her senses. Annie felt her core heating with excitement and the tingling that pulsed through her as their kissing deepened. Ewan returned her kiss but she sensed he was holding back. Annie reached her hand forward, knowing she was about to seal her commitment the course her body was begging for.

Hallie could feel Aiden's hand resting gently on her ass. She knew he was waiting for her approval. Sweet, she thought, but so unnecessary. She reached over to the phone housed below a small mini-bar built into the side of the limo. Picking up the receiver, she broke their kiss lingering a few seconds as cool air touched her slightly swollen lips.

"Thomas?" she paused, listening. "It's miss parker again, sorry to bother but I wondering how do we work the stereo back here?" She listened to the receiver and glanced to the cabinet below the mini bar. "And if we have it real loud will it bother you up there?" Hallie's eyebrows raised. "Really, soundproof, wow, I didn't know that. Well thank you again for everything." She almost put the phone back, how long till we reach the school?" She paused a slight frown on her face. "Thomas, can you do me a favor can we drive over the Golden gate, I would love to see the bay as the sun sets." Hallie smiled and winked at Aiden as she spoke, "I know it will take longer that way, but that's okay with us." Her smile widened, "Yeah, it won't bother us too much if we're a bit late." Her eyes and face took on a lustful hunger as she looked Aiden up and down, "Besides the view will totally be worth it." She listened to the receiver for a few more seconds. "Thanks Thomas."

Hallie placed the phone back in its cubby hole and reached into the cabinet, fiddling with the audio controls. Sound erupted from the speakers playing Baby Come on Over by Samantha Mumba. She looked over at Aiden and shrugged, "It'll do." She moved back to her seat and reached towards Aiden, "Besides, it's only to cover the noise."

Aiden's eyebrow lifted as he looked at her, a slight gleam in eyes. "Noise?"

Hallie looked straight into his gaze, making no attempt to hide her lust. Her hand rested on his groin and she winked about to speak when Annie's voice interrupted.
