 *All characters in this story are at least 18 years of age or older*

**A/N: If this is still a popular storyline, please let me know, I have always enjoyed the characters but there is no need to post more if they aren't enjoyed, feedback as always is appreciated**



The Jacuzzi tub wasn't quite big enough to hold all four of them, but the girls found that they could sit in the boys' laps, the fit was enjoyable cramped. As they lay in the warm circulating water, Hallie watched her sister sitting in Ewan's lap. Annie's head was lain back on his muscular shoulder as she visibly savored his hard body beneath her and the warm soothing bubbles as they barely reached her aroused tits.

She had to admit, the feeling of Aiden's body beneath her sent a shiver up her spine as she also enjoyed the caress of the bath. It was becoming hard to remember the number of times the four had engaged in lust filled sex, but she guessed they'd probably fucked each other about twelve times, and it was only Saturday afternoon. Hallie had planned this weekend to coincide with a holiday giving them three days together before having to return. None of the four had ventured out of the room, enjoying the food that the girls had brought and the occasional room service.

Hallie felt Aiden's cock nudging her even as they rested from their couplings. It had surprised her just how quickly Ewan and Aiden recovered. While she knew that younger men often generated more cum, the replenishing supply offered by the boys was to say the least, consistent. More than once, Ewan or Aiden, or sometimes both, would be fucking her and just as they were about to come inside her, she'd push them away, just so she could suck the pearly liquid out of them.

Hallie couldn't explain it, but the taste of their cum was a craving she couldn't shake. It wasn't overly sweet, but something about it made her mouth water for more. The mere taste ignited a switch in her body that instantly made her horny as hell. Annie had agreed that there was nothing like her man's milky shake to supercharge her libido. At school, if they were able, the twins would catch their respective man, lead them to a secret place, and subsequently drain the sperm laden men of their sweet essence.

Both guys had agreed to share their 'girlfriends' with each other. Hallie knew it was a big request. Yet, they had not argued over possessive restriction, but had instead given each other the freedom to fuck their girlfriend as desired, or instructed by the women.

This weekend was the first time the guys had really seen them pleasure each other, from gentle caressing, to passionate French kissing while swapping the guy's cum, to clit vibrators, and even full out oral pleasing as one guy was getting a blowjob. The guys were taken aback by the sight of their sisterly attentions, but had enjoyed the sight and even encouraged it.

Ewan's left hand gently fingered Annie's shaven lips as his right hand cupped her breast, while gently kissing her neck. Hallie felt Aiden's erection, stiff and pulsing at her back as his warm wet hands began to knead her stiffening nipples. Hallie laid her own head back, a mirror of her twin and nibbled at Aiden's ear as a smile began to creep over her face. He tweaked her nipples and began to caress down her taunt stomach until he reached her thighs, the feather like movements gave her gooseflesh as he drew nearer to her feminine core, seemingly skirting the sensitive flesh. Aiden was quieter than Ewan, but more of a tease. The weekend was drawing out the minor nuances unique to each. Ewan preferred to be ridden while Aiden enjoyed doggy style. Ewan liked shut his eyes when he came, Aiden liked to watch. Aiden preferred to empty his balls in one of their mouths, while Ewan chose to bury his erupting cock tightly between either's legs. Both twins, however, shared a voracious appetite for sex. It almost matched the appetite of the girls, almost.

Hallie licked the lobe of his ear and groaned. "Stop playing with me and fuck me, please. I'm already soaked."

Aiden easily lifted her up and helped her shift her weight so that she could straddle him. With practiced movement, Hallie grasped his pulsing member and slipped it into her sopping pussy. It didn't matter that less than an hour ago, Hallie had cum three times as both Aiden and Ewan had sandwiched her between their thrusting bodies, Ewan deep in her cunt and Aiden pulsing into her ass, rhythmically driving her senses insane.

As Hallie had instructed, Annie had recorded the whole scene, getting angles that she knew Hallie would appreciate. She'd cum with an intensity that surpassed any orgasm she'd ever felt. Shortly after she'd cum, twin cocks began to throb and pulse with shot after shot of thick male sperm. Annie had closely watched them to be sure she knew when they would release. As the camera took in their faces, she could see the edge approaching.

When Annie had been between the two gorgeous men, she hadn't been able to watch them both. The sensations and closeness was intoxicating as cock filled the spaces in her 18 year-old body. She remembered the feeling of fullness, the sexual tension it built within her. She could even remember the pulsing cocks as the injected her with their seed. The wall of her cunt had been pushed up by Aiden's cock and then compressed by Ewan's driving shaft as both had found release within her.

Annie had watched and filmed in arousing fascination as both dicks contracted, as if both men were mentally one and released the pressurized semen at the same time. Annie had remember watching the replay of her own experience and, knowing she would watch it again with her own sister, had been thrusting a vibrator into her own soaking cunt. As she watched the guys pump Hallie full of their cum, she'd gone over the edge, wishing desperately that it was her sandwiched between their grunting bodies.

Aiden's hard cock slipped easily into Hallie's cunt, and both sighed contentedly as they felt their sexes merge. Hallie looked into his eyes and realized she could fuck him forever and never get enough. Her hips lifted and fell as she impaled herself on him, loving the feeling of his form as it slipped in and out, in and out, in and out. It was incredible, irresistible, and insatiable. She moaned his name and felt his fingers pinch her nipples. She suddenly felt a tongue flick over her back as she rose and fell on the stiff cock. Hallie angled her head and saw that Annie was fucking Ewan in a reverse cowboy and was licking whatever part of Hallie's body she could reach. Hallie bent forward, beyond the reach of her twin and kissed Aiden with passion.

"Would you mind terribly if I make out with my sister while you fuck me?"

Aiden's cock suddenly lurched inside her at the mention of such a situation. He kissed her again, "Anything for you babe." He helped her shift to the reverse cowboy and watched as she began to fondle Annie's breasts while French kissing her with intense hunger. The water sloshed about the four as cock drove into pussy and hands groped breasts. The Hallie and Annie were in a world of their own, enjoying the strong shafts driving into their bare cunts and the familiar intimacy of their twin's sexual love.

Aiden's hands gripped her hips as he sheathed himself with her silky squeezing core. As Aiden thrust up, his balls would graze her clit, sending spurts of pleasure from her sensitive nub culminating with the feeling of his cock plowing into her. His body was made for hers, she was certain of it. Each thrust felt like a massage from within with flashes of pleasure as his rough balls hit her clit. The water continued to slosh about them as the four neared their orgasm. Hallie pulled back from her sister and leaned against his chest. Aiden grunted as he began to drive into her faster. Hallie felt his final thread snap. As his orgasm started, his cock was suddenly wrenched from her and she heard Aiden groan with each shot of cum that left his cock, but the normal warmth that usually spread out from his shuddering cock inside her teenage womb never came. As she glanced down she saw Annie between her legs or more precisely between Aiden's, sucking his cum from a jerking cock. One hand pumped his shaft, the other squeezed his balls beneath the water. Hallie could feel his muscles tense as Annie's mouth sucked the last of his sticky cum from his shaft. As the last drop was pulled into her mouth, Annie rose and bent over her sister, lying chest to chest atop Aiden. Annie's mouth found her twin's and their lips parted. Hallie felt the slick viscous sperm flow into her mouth and pour onto her tongue. The taste filled her senses and she continued to kiss back, cum still sloshing between them as the passionately caressed each other's tongues.

Annie stiffened and Hallie swallowed her boyfriend's load. The lips parted as Annie's frame began to rock. Hallie tilted her head to the side and watched as Ewan drove into her from behind, slow but deep strokes, eliciting moans from her sister.

Hallie panted with desire. She lay back against Aiden's muscled torso. Sliding down and feeling his semi-erect cock in the small of her back, She raise her hips by placing her feet flat and bending her knees. The position raise her still wet pussy in front of her sister's face. Annie's eye's were closed, but her nose took in the scent of Hallie's excitement. Annie's eyes opened and she looked up into her sister's face. Hallie's look was pleading, she still needed release and Annie's eyes twinkled. As Ewan continued to slide his cock up into her sexy cunt, Annie's tongue began to dart around Hallie's sensitive clit. Hallie's head fell back against Aiden's chest as she moaned in response to the affection placed upon it by her sister's mouth. Aiden's hands were suddenly on her breasts, rubbing and tugging as Annie's tongue scythed pleasure into her groin. The sensual pleasure of his hands and cock, the licking of her tongue, and the slapping sound of Ewan's cock quickly drove Hallie toward the point of no return. Annie, wrapped her arms around Hallie's thighs and held her ass for support as Ewan fucked her, all the while she licked and sucked on her twin's most sensitive flesh.

Annie's breasts swayed with each thrust, the nipples grazing the water's bubbling warmth and tickling them, sending shivers of pleasure into from her chest that seemed to resonate down her spine with each thrust of Ewan's hips. She could feel his grip on her hips as he drove into her. Unexpectedly, Annie felt his hand reach around her hip. The shivers turned to shudders as his rough fingers, gently began to rub circles on her engorged clit. She knew he must be close and was ensuring that she would cum with him.

Hallie's lips were soaking and the scent was only making Annie more and more excited as the combination of her tits, clit, Ewan's cock, and Hallie's moans only served to feed the growing sense of tension in her core. Hallie's juices changed flavor and Annie knew that she was at her precipice. Annie sucked hard on the sensitive button of pulsating flash and grazed her teeth across it. Hallie cried out as her body began to convulse, gripped in the overwhelming clutches of orgasm. Annie pulled away as Aiden's fingers replaced her tongue.

As Hallie screamed for him to stop, a scream of agonizingly overloading pleasure, Annie felt the tension grow to a knot and then her body tensed in a tight contortion. Ewan gave a final forceful thrust into her, his balls flying forward and pressing hard up against her clit as he buried himself to the hilt. She contracted around him as she came, feeling his cock jerk within her as she helplessly shook with pleasure. Ewan groaned as his cum rushed into her womb, coating her insides in a milky white mass of liquid male seed. She gasped feeling her body squeeze around him, the hard presence of him only driving her deeper into her depths of orgasm.

All four panted as they collapsed upon each other. Annie felt the flow of sticky cum slide from her gaping pussy as Ewan's cock slipped out. She felt a little sad that she'd not had a chance to taste him. 

They finished washing each other and then dried each other, not bothering to put clothing on. All crawled onto the large bed and fell fast asleep the girls facing inward and both guys spooning them. Each knew that when they woke, pleasure awaited.