 **All characters in this story are 18 years of age or older**

***Author's Note: You may want to read Twins Cum Best with Twins Ch 6 to understand the whole of what is taking place in this scene. I hadn't originally planned on splitting these up; however, they ended up being longer than I had first thought. This will be a sub series in the Twin's Cum series, just dealing with their weekend away***

~Again a special thanks to all of you who read my stories, your comments and votes are greatly valued. This series has been both loved and hated by many different readers, however your insights on the story lines are used when writing sequels.~

The Weekend Trip Part 1

The two sets of twins proceeded inside and Annie shut the doors. Knowing what they had planned, Annie couldn't help but smile, this was going to be fun. Hallie already had the boys remove their sandals and sit on the bed facing her. Annie used the remote to start the camera recording; she wanted to watch this later, maybe with Hallie, maybe alone.

Hallie stood in front of Ewan and Annie walked around the bed to stand in front of Aiden. Annie looked over at Ewan. "Are you both sure, you're ok with this?" Hallie was watching Aiden with the same question in her eyes. The brothers looked at each other again. Turning back to the girls, they nodded.

Annie winked at Ewan and then turned to look at Aiden. As if on cue, Hallie and Annie opened their robes and let them drop to the floor, revealing their exceptionally beautiful nude forms. Aiden glanced up and down Annie's body, at first nervous about doing so in front of his brother, but then more boldly when he noted Ewan's eyes devouring Hallie's nudity. His eyes traced the near perfect mirror of Hallie's body. As his gaze glided over her stomach he noticed her smooth unblemished skin where Hallie's riding scar was. His eyes continued down, hungrily taking in her flesh to a completely smooth, and extremely wet pussy. Glancing at Hallie, he noticed that her sex was bare too, and he realized they had both shaven completely since the last time they'd had sex. His pants became tight as blood hammered into his cock, throbbing to be released.

Hallie spoke to Ewan as she knelt before him and started unbuckling his belt. "Annie and I have a little bet going. She's betting you two won't taste the same when you cum in our mouths." She winked up at Ewan, "I'm betting you're twins in more than just the usual way." Her hands unbuttoned the waist of his shorts and she tugged down his boxers and shorts together, wanting to get to the main course as soon as possible. 

Annie's hands pulled at the waistband of Aiden's boxers and shorts. Tugging them down Annie watched in fascination as the thick hard shaft started to show. Her eyes twinkled as she watched Aiden's cock pop out of his retreating clothing. The bell shaped end pulsed with his heart beat. Annie studied his cock, getting closer to it and seeing if there were any major differences from Ewan's. The scent of his excitement faintly registered as she mentally compared the brothers' packages.

A similar examination was being conducted by Hallie. She used a single finger to trace the ridge of his bell, following down the base of his shaft and gently caressing the joined seam of his sac. "So far, you both look the same." Hallie looked up into Ewan's face, knowing that her touch was sending electric sparks from his penis to his brain.

Aiden was barely able to whisper as Annie used a finger in a featherlike swirling motion on his sensitive bell ridge. "What's the prize?" He shuddered as she moved her other hand to play with his sac.

Annie looked up at him with a grin. "Winner gets fucked by both of you at once. The other gets to watch."

Aiden's cock jerked and oozed a crystal clear drop of precum between the folds of his small slit. Annie looked at it and then again back up at Aiden's face, eyes focused on his. "Looks like the first taste is on its way." She brought her mouth up to the head breathed moist warm air against him while tracing her forefinger and thumb over the top and bottom of his cock. He groaned and his cock pulsed again, oozing more fluid to his tip.

A moan escaped Ewan's throat and Aiden looked over as Hallie engulfed the head of his cock in her moist mouth, gently sucking. Seconds later he felt the moist tip of Annie's tongue collect the precum from his tip and then the blissful warmth of her mouth clamping tenderly over his bell. Annie swirled her tongue slowly, touching as much of the surface of his pulsing head as she could. The third sweep of her tongue produced a gasp from Aiden and another pulse of precum. Annie enclosed her right hand around his shaft and began stroking up and down as her tongue swirled in circles over and over again.

Ewan leaned his head back and closed his eyes as Hallie encircled the base of his cock in a ring shape and started to draw it up his shaft till she reached her sucking lips and started again at the base, stroking in only one direction. She'd found a few websites on male masturbation and had looked for a technique that would intensify his orgasm. She could taste the precum from his tip as it oozed its approval of her movements. Moving her fingers up his cock in the ring shape would take longer, but was said to make him cum at least twice as hard as just jerking him off. Ewan's hand found her hair and she knew she was driving him mad. 

Annie continued to stroke Aiden's cock as she swirled her tongue. Her left hand still fondling his sac moved behind it to the perineum skin fold. Drawing 'come here' motions, she caressed it while sucking and stroking. She felt Aiden's cock jerk in her mouth, giving her another offering of his clear, sweet fluid. She'd bet Hal that they boys would taste different as they probably didn't eat the same foods. If they didn't taste the same, Annie would feel both their cocks buried within her soon.

Ewan's hand ran through Hallie's hair. He grunted, feeling his muscles spasm as she drew her fingers up his shaft and sucked the throbbing head. She could feel him getting closer to the edge. To her right Annie was slowly bringing Aiden closer. Their plan was simple, bring the guys up to the edge, suck the delicious cum from their balls, and compare the taste.

Aiden's hips lifted as the muscles in his legs and stomach tensed in an effort to stall the increasing sense of physical urgency. Annie adjusted her movements to try and accommodate his body's contortions. She continued to suck on the tip of his penis, occasionally running the tip of her tongue around the sensitive rim while stroking him. Her tongue felt each pulse and licked away each delectable dewdrop of male essence.

Hallie used her left hand to take his hand away from her head, knowing he was almost ready. Ewan leaned back on the bed, arms back and palms down to support his body weight. Hallie lifted her left hand and also began to draw her index finger along Ewan's perineum. Ewan gasped and Hallie made a final stroke with her left finger, firmly pressing on the knot of muscles at the base of his cock just behind his sac. Hallie could feel Ewan's sac draw up close to his body as she felt him lose control.

Annie knew Aiden was close. He shifted his weight emulating Ewan's position. Annie squeezed his shaft tighter and began alternate between tracing the sensitive rim and flicking the tip of her tongue inside his slit. Annie sped up her tongue. She could feel his body tense and the head of his cock swelled in her mouth. Annie took her cues from his cock and stopped licking. Enclosing the tip of his penis in her mouth, she began using a strong suction. The combination of her stroking, sucking, and caressing drove the pleasure home. Aiden's body went rigid and Annie's left finger found the lump behind his sac, applying gentle pressure as his body went into overload.

Hallie continued to move her fingers in a tight ring around his shaft she felt the quick successive pulses of his penis as he came. Her fingers increased the pressure around his shaft, increasing the pleasure as semen raced from his sac to the tip and exploded in surge after surge into her mouth.

Annie kept the seal around his penis tight while Aiden's shaft began to jerk. Surge after surge of warm semen was launched from his teenage balls and carried into her sucking mouth. He runted as each agonizingly pleasurable blast of sperm shot from his swollen tip, savoring feeling of the vacuum pulling it from his body.

Ewan could feel his thick cum surge forth as it massaged his cock from the inside out, flowing into his girlfriend's twin's mouth. Hallie eager pulled the pearly liquid on, seemingly trying to drain him of his masculine seed. As the pulses began to lessen, Hallie continued to draw her fingers up his shaft, milking him, squeezing every drop of semen into her hungry mouth. With a final grunt of effort, Ewan's shot the last of his sperm infused semen onto her waiting tongue. Hallie kept a firm seal on his cock until she was certain he was spent. She pulled his cock from her mouth, making certain not to lose any of the sweet nectar she'd collected.

Annie drew her fingers up Aiden's cock as the last of his cum pulsed into his shaft. As she drew the few remaining drops in, she released his cock, swishing her mouthful of cum around. Hallie knelt facing her, clearly holding Ewan's cum in her cheeks. The girls both swished the cum as though rinsing with mouth wash and then embraced in a passionate kiss. The guys stared in amazement as Annie and Hallie began to French kiss, their mouthfuls cum now mixing in the girls' connected mouths. Hallie and Annie seemed almost completely oblivious to their audience as they swapped the guy's cum back and forth. Both began to swallow whatever was in their mouth with just a little escaping the corners of the joined lips. As the last of the cum was swallowed Annie and Hallie began caressing each other's bodies as they cleaned all that remained of the boy's cum. Annie's hand reached for Hallie's breast and as Hallie gently stroked her sister's wet lips. Aiden and Ewan watched spellbound by the erotic love making taking place in front of them. As Hallie slipped a finger into her twin's pussy, Annie gasped, pulling away and panting as she stared into Hallie's eyes sharing a moment of desire mixed with hunger. Hallie gave a few more thrusts before pulling her finger from Annie's lips and sucking it into her mouth.

"Damn!" came two voices in unison.

Hallie and Annie looked over at their boyfriends and then back to each other. Both couldn't help but laugh, pulling loose hair behind their ears at the same time. Hallie gave Annie a look of expectation. "So, could you tell which one was which?"

Annie gave a slight frown of disappointment and sighed in concession. "No, you were right, absolutely identical twins." She said as she turned to the guys. "Damn. That means I go second."

Annie looked up with a proud grin at both guys. "I'm sure you won't mind getting our friends ready to help again."

Hallie took her cue and reached for Ewan's semi hard cock and began to stroke it up and down. Stopping after a moment she said, "I have a better idea." She stood and pointed to both of the half naked guys. "Get rid of those shirts. You two are still way overdressed."

Aiden and Ewan pulled their shirts off and tossed them away. Hallie pushed Ewan back onto the bed so he could lay flat, Annie doing the same to Aiden. Hallie crawled up his body and placed her pussy just above Ewan's mouth and looked down. "Would you mind?" she asked innocently.

Ewan grinned and placed his hands on her thighs, pulling her down to him. He extended his tongue and began to make long slow licks from her opening to her clit. Hallie sank onto his face and closed her eyes as he began to pleasure her with his mouth.

Annie felt Aiden's tongue began to lash at her sex, playing at her clit and darting into her entrance. Her body ignited with pleasure as Aiden began to use his mouth to suck and rub her clit, sending wave after wave of pleasure up her body.

Ewan shifted so that he could spread Hallie's lips apart, providing direct access to her throbbing clit. Hallie gasped as Ewan rapidly ran his tongue back and forth over the sensitive flesh, generating extremely intense pleasure that raced up her spine and sent an electrical tingling through her limbs. She began to pant as his tongue continued its onslaught. Ewan paused to breath and started again, reaching on hand up to her left breast and squeezing them firmly. Hallie yelped as the added sensual pinch of his fingers caught her by surprise.

Annie leaned forward and supported her weight with her knees, giving Aiden the leverage to move freely. Her breath caught as he slipped his tongue into her moist hole, twirling around the entrance and then returning to her clit. Her hips began to involuntarily grind against his face as the pleasure of his movements intensified. Annie began to touch her stomach, tracing up along her own body in a sensual movement. Her head fell backward as she pinched her hard nipples, letting Aiden work his magic on her pussy.

Side by side, the girls writhed atop the mouths of both boys as their bodies were rocked a torrent of sexual bliss. Aiden and Ewan enjoyed the arousing scent of their sex and continued to lap at the flowing excitement generated by each contraction of their quivering pussies. The brother's cocks had already turned rigid with excitement, prepared for whatever the Parker twins had in store for them.

Annie felt her pussy begin to pulse and her body momentarily went stiff as the stimulation from Aiden's tongue pushed her over the peak. Annie began to groan and gasp as her hips bucked forcefully as she lost control. Aiden wrapped his arms around her thighs and held her tightly as she came, unmercifully continuing his movements and driving her to the point of screaming. Annie may not get to be the first one double fucked, but Aiden intended to make certain she got a damn good orgasm regardless.

Ewan's mouth moved over Hallie's pussy like he was devouring a favorite meal. He had eaten Annie's pussy enough times that he knew the change in taste that signaled her orgasm. The flavor went from acidic flavor to a sweet watery taste. The moment he tasted the change in her juices, he pressed the flat of his tongue to her clit, dragging it back and forth as he held her tight against his mouth. Hallie's body began to convulse as the pleasure shook her core and radiated outward, flooding her body and senses with pure blissful orgasm. Ewan didn't stop his movements and she found herself trying to pull away from his tormenting tongue. Her legs were limp and her muscles only half worked as He continued on. Hallie felt another orgasm suddenly building, brought on by the rugged massage of Ewan's tongue ruthlessly assaulting on her shuddering sex. She barely registered the sound of Annie's scream of pleasure as her mind sank into the oblivion of sexual ecstasy.

Annie came a second time, her pussy dripping with her fluids as she again fought to get loose from her captor. Aiden savored the taste of her cum as it streamed forth, thinking that he could easily do this all day. Aiden could sense Annie's orgasm draw to its finale and he released her thighs, helping to brace her with his hands at her sides as she melted into them. He laid her down on his body, the back of her head to the left of his now rock hard erection. Glancing over he watched the last few seconds of Hallie's orgasm atop his brother's head and smiled to himself, knowing full well the typical intensity of her release. Ewan also laid her back on himself, to right of his throbbing cock, before laying his head back and catching his breath.

Aiden knew Annie had recovered when he felt her tongue, teasing the shaft of his cock. Hallie too had begun similarly giving some attention to Ewan's cock. With a bit of a giggle from the Annie, Aiden' gently picked her up and shifted to a sitting position, noting that Ewan had mimicked the movement, placing the girls directly facing the boys. 

Hallie looked over at her sister with a triumphant grin. "Me first."

Annie nodded and jumped up off the bed. Getting the remote on by the TV, she clicked the stop button. Turning on the TV, Annie hit the playback key. The video began with the Parker twin's dropping their robes. Ewan and Aiden stared as a replay of their blowjobs flashed across the screen.

"Hope you studs don't mind, we wanted to record this weekend for..." She bit her lower lip, "...our viewing pleasure later on." 

Hallie got off of the bed and walked over to her sister, gently inserting a finger into Annie's pussy, glancing back at the guys, "For those times when we can't rip your clothes off and fuck you in person." Hallie's movement nearly brought Annie to her knees with how sensitive she still was. Hallie winked at Aiden mouthing a kiss to him.

Annie regained her wits and continued on. "Part of the bet was whoever lost got to be the camera girl."

Neither of the guys spoke. Annie smiled, "And don't worry, we plan on making copies for you."

Ewan looked at his brother. Both couldn't help but smile slightly as they glanced back at the television screen as they watched themselves. Seeing both Annie and Hallie sucking them, milking them, and swallowing their cum kept the two guys rock hard.

"Damn that's hot." Aiden said as he watched the girls demonstrate their oral skills on screen.

Annie switched off the TV and began to climb the stairs to grab the camera. Ewan watched her go, admiring her ass as she climbed the stairs and retrieved the camera. Annie's pussy was perfectly framed between two railings and Ewan gave a cat call at the extremely delicious view. 

Despite their sexual relationship, Annie still blushed as she descended back to the first floor, camera in hand. Annie immediately stepped into the role of director. Switching out the memory card, she began to have each of them move around the bed. Hallie lay crossways on the bed facing the ceiling, Aiden kneeling between her open legs, and Ewan kneeling at her head. Annie had switched on the camera and detailed what all they wanted to do. She hit record and centered her twin's face in the frame. After a few moments of moving up and down her beautiful body, she refocused on her pussy where Aiden brought the tip of his cock to her entrance. Annie noted that a trail of excitement was already dripping down to her ass as Aiden rubbed the head of his penis against her slit. Hallie's eyes closed as Aiden pushed the hard tip between her shaven lips. An audible moan escaped Hallie's lips as he moved slowly back and forth, easing into her a little deeper with each thrust. Annie made sure she was getting a close up view of his cock as it slipped in and out of her twin's pussy.

Hallie's hand found Ewan's semi hard cock and began to stroke it, returning it to him to full attention. Ewan knelt around her head, his sac just touch the top of her hair as she stroked his shaft with her small hand, occasionally licking the underside of his head. Aiden began to thrust deeper into Hallie so Annie moved again back to a close up of his cock, capturing the thick shaft sinking into Hallie's pussy, coating his member in a sheen of her juices.

The sight of Hallie being fucked in front of her was making her pussy sopping wet. Annie watched in fascination as Aiden's cock appeared and disappeared within her twin's body. Annie moved next to Ewan and handed him the camera so that he could get a different angle. Once, she was free to move about. Annie lay down on her stomach next to Hallie and began to lick the top of Ewan's cock, her tongue occasionally meeting with her sister's as they pleasured her boyfriend. Annie heard Ewan breath in sharply and felt the head of his cock swell as a tiny drop of precum oozed out. The precum formed a cloudy drop at the tip of his cock and Hallie caught it on her tongue before Annie could. Annie used her hand to take the place of Hallie's, stroking him and aiming the tip down providing Hallie's tongue more access to the head of his cock.
