 "Do I look alright?" I anxiously asked my husband. He turned from where the mirror where he was assiduously trying to get his cowlick to lie down. His eyes widened. 

"You look good enough to eat!" He exclaimed, coming over to where I was standing. 

I was wearing an outfit I had made, and I was a little bit nervous about it. Two scraps of leather, short enough that they barely covered my ass and pussy, with large gaps on the side. Each side was held together with large, gold safety pins. My top was a ruffly, peasant style blouse with a very low neck. Under the top I wore only a string of pearls attached to my already-hard nipples. My husband, Rob, reached out and tweaked my left nipple, causing me to gasp.

"I can see your nipples through this shirt." He grinned, tweaking my right nipple and wrenching another gasp from my throat. "And the pearls strung between them. You must be lookin' to get laid tonight."

"That's the general idea." I grinned back at him as the doorbell rang and I flounced off to let the first of our guests into the house. My pussy was already wet as I turned the doorknob and I wondered if I shouldn't have worn some underwear, if for no other reason than to keep the moisture seeping from my cunt from making such a mess.

I opened the door to find my best friend Lauren standing there. She was wearing a shortie maroon velvet dress, and looked divine. Lauren and Rob and I have been lovers for some time and friends for even longer, and I was itching to get my hands under that dress. I settled for pulling her to me and giving her a long, lingering french kiss as Parker and his brother Rick walked up to the door. Parker cleared his throat discreetly and I raised my head from ravishing Lauren's delectable mouth.

"Oh! Parker, Rick! Hello, come on in." I smiled and released Lauren as I reached out to hug each of the brothers in turn. "I am so glad you could make it!" Parker blushed as I pressed my braless tits against him, lightly kissing his cheek.

:"Thanks for inviting us..." Parker stammered as I led him into the living room. "You look... tasty."

"Yeah, Karen. Thanks for having us over." Rick grinned insolently and pinched my barely-leather-covered ass. I grinned back at him and wiggled my ass against his hand. "So who else is invited?"

I smothered a grin as I looked at Parker inquiringly. "Parker didn't tell you? This is an, um, intimate gathering. Just the five of us." Rick's eyes got very surprised as he processed this news. "Can I get you a drink Rick? You look like you could use it!" I laughed as I sauntered into the kitchen.

"Um...um..." Rick was normally a very confident individual, so his being at a loss for words was very surprising to me. I heard Rob come into the living room and greet everyone, telling Rick not to worry, that I wouldn't bite him unless he asked me to. "Beer." Rick finally stammered.

"Beer it is." I giggled again, coming out of the kitchen with three beers and two Smirnoff Ices. I handed the beer to the guys and gave Lauren a Smirnoff, keeping the other one for myself. "Here's to an enlightening evening." I toasted with Lauren.

"I'll second that." Lauren grinned at me, clinking her bottle with mine. I sank down into the oversized armchair, pulling Lauren down onto my lap. The guys settled onto the other two couches in the living room and the five of us chatted and drank for the next couple of hours, our conversation getting progressively more suggestive. Finally, I'd had enough idle chit-chat and stood up abruptly, pulling Lauren up out of the chair as well.

"I feel like dancing!" I declared, weaving over to the stereo and changing the CD to one with a more upbeat tempo. "Dance with me Lauren!" We danced together, Lauren and I. Although, not very well I must admit, since we had been imbibing quite a bit.

Lauren had turned around and was dancing with her arms up and her hands laced behind my neck, her ass grinding into my crotch. The guys were sitting on the edge of their seats, watching as our bodies gyrated together. I reached my hands around and started rubbing Lauren's breasts, tweaking her nipples and making her gasp audibly. Lauren's hands unclasped as I leaned down and started nibbling her neck, and Lauren reached around behind her and started kneading my ass through my short skirt.

Lauren turned around and lifted my shirt over my head, throwing it down on the chair next to us, as her head dipped to nibble at my tits. My nipples were rock hard, and knowing that the guys were watching our little show was making me even hornier. I quickly stripped off Lauren's dress, finding her to be sans underclothes as well. I heard one of the guys groan as I began sucking feverishly on Lauren's pierced nips. The metal felt very cool against Lauren's hot skin, and she gasped as I pulled on the rings with my lips.

I felt my knees buckling and Lauren and I sank to the floor, madly sucking and licking at each other's skin, our hips bucking and grinding our mounds against each other. I felt wetness flowing down my inner thighs, and I groaned from the sheer stimulation of it. As Lauren and I writhed together on the floor, I heard the rustle of clothing being shed from above us. A shirt landed on my head where it was buried in Lauren's cleavage and I started laughing. I looked up as Parker removed his shirt from my head.

"Don't let me interrupt." Parker grinned wickedly, tossing his shirt back onto the couch. His erection was standing proud in his briefs, it looked substantial, and I thought that the next thing I wanted to do was get my mouth around that. I felt hands at my hip and looked back to find Rob unhooking the large gold safety pin holding my skirt together. I sat up on my knees and let him strip my skirt off of me, so that all I was wearing was the strand of pearls strung between my nipples.

"Damn..." Rick gulped, scrambling out of his boxers, his cock bobbing as he freed it from its confinement. Almost reflexively, Rick began stroking his hard-on, staring nearly bug-eyed at Lauren and me.

I lay down next to Lauren again, stroking her body lightly, and making her back arch every time I brushed my palms across her nipples. I let my hands trail down further, reaching her sweet, wet cunt. I parted her folds with a gentle finger and then circled her clit lightly. Lauren moaned softly, not much more than a breath. "Oh yessss." I heard her say.

Lauren and I had gone together some months back to get our clitoral hoods pierced, and so I now manipulated that little barbell, pushing it back and forth, stimulating Lauren's clit and causing her to part her legs further. The guys had sunk to their knees around us, watching intently as I pleasured Lauren.

"Oh, god, Karen. You two look SO hot." I heard Parker moan. I glanced up from my companion's beautiful, blissful face to find three hard cocks gripped tightly by their owners, being stroked, rubbed and jerked.

I moaned at the sight of so much gorgeous cock-flesh. "If you guys will jerk off on us, I will eat her for you." I grinned. "What do you say?"

Rick and Parker moaned, stroking their cocks faster. And I felt Rob's hand on my head, urging me downward. "Yes, baby. Do it. Let us see you make her come."

I wiggled down Lauren's body, leaving a trail of wet kisses as I went. Lauren spread her legs wide, and the scent of her excitement was obvious. I settled between her legs, and reached out with my tongue to just barely touch Lauren's now-protuberant clit. She gasped, and her hips bucked up at me in silent command to get down to business. Grinning to myself, I lowered my face into Lauren's hot pussy.

I used my tongue to lick from top to bottom and bottom to top, parting the folds of her pussy lips and tasting the nectar hidden there. Each pass with my tongue caused Lauren to squirm and more pussy juice to seep out. I nibbled on her inner pussy lips, sucking them gently into my mouth and biting just slightly. I was rewarded with still more fluid. I ran my tongue in circles around her clit, as Lauren tried in vain to move her hips fast enough to catch my tongue with her clit.

Finally, I lapped my tongue over her clit, feeling it stick out even further. I sucked her clit into my mouth, grazing it very lightly with my teeth as I used my tongue to manipulate the piercing. I felt Lauren's body go tense under my tongue-play and I knew she was about to cum. 

Suddenly, I felt the first splatter of Rob's cum on my arm and knew he had jerked himself to orgasm watching us. Thrilled, I sucked Lauren's clit harder and heard her yell "Oh fuck! Yes!" Her pussy convulsed under my mouth and a gush of pussy juice rushed out as her hips bucked. I struggled to keep licking her now-pulsating twat, and grabbed her hips. I heard Rob, Parker and Rick moaning as they got off on watching us. I felt Parker's hot semen splash onto my body as Lauren's orgasm began to subside. I raised my head, grinning, just in time to see Rick shoot his load all over Lauren's tits. I moved up quickly and began to lick Rick's cum off Lauren's chest, and she reciprocated by cleaning Rob and Parker's spooge from my body. Then she kissed me, sharing the bounty.

The guys let us rest for approximately two and one half minutes before they were down on the floor with us, touching and exploring our bodies. We spent some time rubbing on each other, enjoying the very sensual feel of skin against skin and waiting for the men to recover from their earlier exertions.

As Rob's cock recovered, he moved Lauren into a doggy-style position and slid his cock into her tight snatch. I heard Rob groan that it felt SO damn good as he began to pump his tool in and out. Rick knelt in front of Lauren and she quickly sucked his dick into her mouth. Rick threw his head back, his mouth open but no sound coming out as Lauren worked her incredibly talented tongue over Rick's cock. I slid my head under Lauren and in between her thighs, lifting my head so I could dart my tongue out and lick her clit while my husband fucked her.

As I licked Lauren's clit, I felt Parker move between my thighs and begin playing with my clit piercing. He used his thumbs to stroke along either side of my clit, catching the piercing on the down stroke, and making me gasp into Lauren's pussy. I spread my legs further and Parker took the hint, placing the head of his cock at my cunthole and shoving in with one long stroke.

Parker began to stroke slowly in and out of me, and his thick cock felt incredible. I could feel the ridge of his cockhead grazing slowly over my g-spot. I pulled my knees up to my chest, providing Parker with a better angle to penetrate my now-throbbing pussy as I continued to lick and suck on Lauren's clit. I heard Lauren give a muffled cry as Rob began to pound into her harder, and she released Rick's cock from her mouth as she screamed out Rob's name. He fucked into her harder as she came, his balls slapping into my nose. 

"Yesyesyesyesyes..." Lauren kept saying over and over again as Rob slowed his pace. His cock looked incredibly hard and was coated in Lauren's juices where it slid in and out of her. I had never understood the porn industry's fascination with the close-up shot until now. The view of my husband's cock sliding in and out of our girlfriend's pussy was incredibly exciting. I dropped my head back onto the carpet and concentrated on the sensations Parker was producing as he pumped in and out of my cunt. I heard Lauren begin slurping on Rick's cock again and I continued to watch as Rob fucked Lauren.

Parker began to pump into me harder and faster and he was kneeling straight up on his knees as he fucked me. I felt a tongue on my clit and glanced over between Lauren's swaying breasts to find that Rick was lying on his side, with Lauren sucking his cock and Rick had his head turned so he could lightly tongue my clit while his brother fucked me. This new sensation of having my clit stimulated sent me screaming into an orgasm. Parker shoved his cock all the way into me and then held still as I came all over his iron-hard shaft. I heard him grunting as my pussy twitched around him.

As my orgasm subsided, Parker slid his cock out and, mumbling something about beer went into the kitchen. Rick and Rob pulled back as well, leaving Lauren and me lying panting on the floor. I pulled Lauren to me and hugged her tight, stroking her soft, warm skin and nuzzling her neck. 

This time the guys let us have a bit longer to recover, even bringing us the last Smirnoff Ice to share. Nice of them, I thought, especially considering that they were sporting purple erections that looked very uncomfortable.

After we had rested for a bit, Rob suggested we retire to the bedroom and our king size bed. I grinned, nodding my head in agreement. As I sat up I winced - I had carpet burns in some very uncomfortable spots. As did Lauren and everyone else.

We wandered into the bedroom and Parker lay down on the bed, his hard-on pointing at the ceiling. Lauren happily climbed up on top of him and would have begun riding him like a bucking bronco, but Parker pulled her down to his chest, kissing her. Rick asked me for some lube, grinning at his brother evilly. I handed him the Astroglide and he quickly moved behind Lauren, squirting lube on his rampant cock and rubbing it in her ass crack. Lauren wiggled a bit in Parker's embrace, but did not offer any objection, only moaning slightly in anticipation. I pulled the bedroom chair over near where Rick was preparing to impale Lauren's ass and leaned over, waggling my ass at my husband.

"Come over here and fuck me." I said to Rob. Not the most original come-hither line, but it worked. Rob slipped behind me and slid his cock into my wet pussy. He began to pump in and out slowly as we watched Rick slide the head of his cock into Lauren's ass.

Lauren groaned as she felt the unusual sensation of double penetration, and I have to admit I was jealous right then in spite of the wonderful feeling of having my pussy stuffed full. I wanted to be where Lauren was. Parker held still, letting Rick work his cock slowly into Lauren's ass, then when he was in to the hilt, the brothers began to thrust, one in and one out, working in an opposing rhythm. Lauren was moaning almost constantly, mindless except for the pleasure being given to her by the two cocks pumping up into her. I moaned at the erotic sight before me, and pushed back against Rob's thrusting cock, urging him to go faster.

Rob began to pound into me, his balls slapping my clit, and I had to grip the sides of the chair to keep my balance. I felt an orgasm building, but could not tear my eyes from the sight of my best friend being double-fucked. 

"Lauren!" I grunted. "Is it good? What is it like, please tell me?" I begged.

Lauren opened her eyes slightly, struggling to focus on me. She opened her mouth and moaned and Rick picked up the pace. "It's amazing, Karen." She said, panting in between words. "It feels so damn good. I have never felt so completely stuffed full..." Lauren squealed as another orgasm rocked her, and her eyes squeezed tightly shut. Parker reached over to where I was bent over the chair and began tweaking my nipples. I gasped at the new sensation and felt Rob slow his pace. Rob released his hold on my hips just long enough to reach around and rub my clit as he continued with his thrusting. He leaned forward and whispered in my ear. "I am going to cum baby. Cum with me..." Rob's cock stiffened inside me and I felt him begin to spurt. This sent me over the edge, and I moaned as I came, shoving my hips back at my husband, meeting his thrusts.

Minutes later, Rick suddenly stopped moving; his eyes clenched shut as he came inside Lauren's tight ass. As Rick slipped his slowly deflating cock from Lauren, Parker began to thrust upward into Lauren at a faster pace. Lauren, who I don't think ever stopped cumming, began screaming that she was cumming again. Rick knelt behind Lauren, and placed his hands on her shoulders, forcing her further down onto Parker's thrusting cock and Parker grunted "oh fuck!" as he finally came.

I slid down around into the chair and Rob leaned down, resting his forehead against my hair. We sat quietly for a few minutes, Lauren and I grinning at each other as the guys' breathing slowly returned to normal.

"So," I asked cheerily, "Who's up for some food?" I reached out and touched Parker's tired cock. "I know what I want for dessert."