 I hope everyone enjoyed my three part debut for Literotica. I had a lot of fun writing it.

To just to confirm - all sexual activities take place between consenting adults.

*****

From the moment Claire woke up she was a different person. It was if all the sensible rules that she'd followed her whole life were now utterly void. She was nestling in the shoulder of Mr. Paul whilst Michelle was spooned up next to her. She kissed her friend awake, beginning by licking her nipples and then working her way up to Michelle's neck and then finally to her lips. They French kissed gently for five minutes, she could still taste the sharpness of her own cunt on Michelle's tongue.

"Good morning Claire!" Michelle whispered. "That was a wild night even by standards. What time is it?"

"I think it's fuck time. I'm so horny I need that cock again." Claire whispered slipping from Michelle's embrace and rolling back on top of Mr. Paul. "Good morning sir!" she said winking down at him.

Neil Paul's first thought upon waking was bafflement and then he smiled in recollection of the previous night, but he had little time to think again as Claire had pushed her pussy straight into his face. 

"Lick my pussy Mr. Paul!" Claire smirked and then she began to deep throat Mr. Paul as they fell into a sixty nine position. It was not the shy little licking and sucking that her boyfriend Richard had to make do with on the rare occasions when she'd agree to go down on him (because she was so shy) but proper pornstyle. She rose and spat on his cock, a gesture of sluttiness that impressed even Michelle. 

"Not in the mood for sharing I see!" Michelle smirked. 

The evening had finished better than Michelle could ever have hoped for and her original plan of seducing Claire after the party had been adapted when the opportunity to fuck Claire and Mr. Paul had presented itself. Michelle suddenly remembered some of the toys that she had brought to use on an unsuspecting Claire. In all the excitement she'd forgotten, they were sitting in the suitcase in her room. She looked down on Claire, still slurping cock like an absolute pro. 

She bent down to her friend's ear and whispered. "I've just remembered something in my room that I need to get? Am I Ok leaving you alone with Mr. Paul?" 

Claire looked up at her, the cock stretching her mouth, and gave her a wink that was pure whore. Michelle smiled and hurriedly dressed; the room was silent apart from the sound of the sucking and slurping.

The small part of the old Claire that still existed was shocked at the wantonness. "I need this cock in my cunt now Mr. Paul." 

Wriggling off his face she repositioned herself onto the bed so that her head was buried deep into the mattress and her ass and pussy were raised high as a kind of offering. Mr. Paul was now kneeling behind her. His hands held her peach like bottom with gloating ease. 

"Michelle's not getting shy in her old age is she Claire?" Neil smirked. His cock had last felt this hard when he was about nineteen and at college. 

"Who knows and who fucking cares? Just fuck this slutty cunt you piece of fucking shit!" Claire snarled back with a lust that shocked them both.

Neil placed his cock at the entrance of her cunt and allowed himself to almost fall in with one delightful long stroke.

"Ah you bastard! That feels amazing!" Claire shouted.

The filth that was coming from the mouth of Claire King, one of the most polite and sweetly spoken women he'd ever met in his life was incredibly arousing. Sluts such as Michelle talking dirty was one thing, but the transformation of this angel into a slutty whore was perhaps the most erotic thing he'd ever experienced in his life. He decided to treat fire with fire.

"You like that bitch?" Her cunt juice was like a gorgeous oil enveloping his cock as he thrust.

"You know I fucking like it! Fuck me!" she half screamed. Mr. Paul was larger and thicker in girth than her boyfriend Richard, and she could almost feel the lust twitching from his cock. He'd grabbed her hair, something that she would normally have protested against, pulled her head back and proceeded to fuck her with violent animal thrusts.

"Is that how you talk to me you slut? What do you call me?"

"No sir! I'm sorry sir. Please fuck me!" Claire slipped into the role of passive schoolgirl slut with ease even if she was twenty five years of age.

Neil grinned and spanked her arse, much harder than he would have tried with his ex-girlfriend. Claire yelped with surprise! 

"Please fuck me what?" Mr. Paul snarled slapping her ass again. He grinned at the red blushes that he'd caused.

"Oww! Ah! Oh! Please fuck me sir!" Claire screamed, as he slapped her ass again and pulled her hair back so her head tilted to the ceiling. Each thrust seemed deeper than the last. 

"Just keep fucking me sir. Just keep fucking me sir. Keep fucking me sir. I'm your slut sir. I'm your slut!"

Mrs. Shepherd had enjoyed a rather restless sleep after last night exertions, but once the sound of fornification had resumed she was back in her accustomed kneeling position peaking through the crack in the door. Unlike the previous night she was now entirely naked and her large breasts hung rather firmly she thought. It was far more dangerous spying in the early morning light of course. But the danger just heightened her arousal. Oh! If only Mr. Paul or one of the girls, even that little slut Michelle, could be underneath sucking on her nipples she thought... or licking her. Her four fingers were jack hammering into her vagina. No not her vagina, she thought, it was her cunt! She rammed the four fingers into her cunt whilst her thumb expertly stroked her clit. God! She was as bad as they were. Oh if only she could join in! 

Mr. Paul, Mrs. Shepherd noted, was taking Claire firmly in hand. "I will keep fucking you. You slut! You're a cumslut! What are you?"

"I'm a cunt slut sir. Your cum slut!"

"When I cum, where shall I cum you little bitch? On your tits? In your cunt? in your mou—"

Before he could finish his list Claire interrupted him. "On my face sir. On my face sir! Please cum on my fucking face, I felt like such a little whore when you came on my face last night! I need to feel it again! I need to feel it again! Cum on my face sir!" 

Her face and neck were red; her make-up which she'd not taken off last night, was now smudged with last nights cum and the exertions of these repeated fuckings. She looked a proper slut.

"Cum on her face Mr. Paul!" Mrs. Shepherd whispered. Until last night she had no idea that men did such things. Now she could only wish that her husband had done this to her when he was alive.

There was a click of the door as Michelle entered. She was wearing a long coat which she took off, but neither Mr. Paul or Claire paid her any heed as she quickly shrugged off her dress and bra leaving only her panties and something else... 

She reached into Claire's handbag and found her camera and put it to video setting. Claire certainly was a noisy bitch. Claire's face was red and dripping with sweat as Mr. Paul athletically rode her as if she was some kind of horse. Her left ass cheek was a dark red from where he'd slapped her and he held her blonde hair like a mane as he ground his entire length in, removed it whole, and then slammed it back in. He spat contemptuously on her arsehole, before repeating the whole process. 

"I've got to fuck that arse before I'm finished with you Claire. If I can drag myself away from your cunt." 

He reached with both hands for her breasts and squeezed her nipples very tightly. "Oh you are so horny aren't you slut?"

"I'm cumming. I'm fucking cumming for you!" Claire screamed as her back arched and she orgasmed, her eyes rolled back into her head as she clenched her teeth together hard. As her orgasm permeated her she screamed, "Whip me around and cum in my fucking face your fucking cunt!"

In a swift movement, which Michelle captured perfectly on the video camera, Mr. Paul pulled his cock out of Claire's cunt, and then spun her around so she was lying on her back. He proceeded to wank his cock inches from her face. 

"Tell me what you want me to do?"

"Cum in my face sir! Please just cum in my fucking face!"

"Beg for it you bitch!" he let his cock fall from his hand and it bounced on her face so that her eyes widened in surprise.

"Stop teasing me sir! I need your cum!"

"Why?"

"Because I'm a fucking slut! I'm a fucking cum whore!" Claire loved how she sounded. For someone who never swore to be shouting like some desperate slag was delicious. All the restraints that usually held her were gone.

"Ok then bitch. You wanted it you're going to fucking get it."

"Cumformesir. Cumformesir! Cum on my slutty face! Fucking please sir! Please!" Claire looked up at him. Her breasts glistening with a light sweat but her face, oh her face! So subservient and trusting and desperate!

Neil finally erupted two streams of cum that marked her left and right cheeks like whip slashes. She began to laugh almost hysterically and Michelle closed in for a close up of Claire's face as the main torrent of spunk hit her on the nose and forehead before spitting a last load in her left eye, which closed instinctively. Claire opened her mouth in surprise and taking his chance Neil thrust his cock deep into her throat, a final blast shooting straight into her stomach. He let her suck his cock for a few moments before finally removing it from her beautiful mouth. A last trickle of cum spat from his length. 

"Clean me you slut." he snarled and she instantly complied.

Neil turned from Claire's face to a topless Michelle. His heart lurched as he saw the camera, but then he looked down at her groin. She was wearing a tiny pair of crotchless panties, but what he couldn't take his eye off was the big black dildo that she had expertly strapped on in a sturdy harness.

Michelle grinned. "I think it's my turn now."

Claire's face was utterly covered in cum and words again almost escaped her. "There is no way I can take that fucking monster after the fuck I've just had."

Michelle had a tube of lube and was carefully rubbing the shiny 8 inch dildo so that it shone in the early morning light. "Don't worry. You trust me don't you Claire? She'll enjoy it won't she Mr. Paul?" Michelle pouted.

Neil Paul's cock hardened noticeably at the prospect, despite having just ejaculated all over Claire King's eager little face. Trust that slut Michelle to take it to another level! He couldn't wait to see Michelle fucking her friend. Claire had been fucked from pillar to post in the last twelve hours. He'd love to spit roast the bitch, he wanted to see Michelle's tits bounce with every thrust as they made Claire their sex toy.

Michelle leant forward and stroked Claire's cunt. "I'll need you wetter than that! I'm not wasting good lube. Sit on Mr. Paul's face like an obedient slut."

There was not protest from Claire. Mr. Paul dropped down onto the bed so he was lying flat on his back. Meanwhile, Claire, cum still dripping from her face sat crouched over his face, his tongue immediately snaking for her clit. There was a dull pleasure that started within Claire like the recognition of a piece of music and she knew she'd be coming, either from his mouth or that black dildo again soon enough.

Mrs. Shepherd had also cum hard when Mr. Paul had ejaculated all over poor Claire King's face and she hadn't even bothered to stop as she continued to frig herself with a desperation that would have disgusted her a mere twenty four hours earlier. When she saw the dildo that Michelle was wearing her mouth rounded to a perfect O. In her rather innocent world such things were impossible to imagine. She'd heard of vibrators but for a women to wear such a thing was disgusting wasn't it? Her vagina. No! Her cunt, seemed even more sensitive and she quickened her already fast pace as she watched. What would that girl do next! Bad enough that she'd filmed them having sex! But this?

Michelle smiled as Claire rode Mr. Paul's face. She leant forward to kiss her friend and then whispered in her ear. 

"In a moment, and you'll know when, I want you to sit on his arms and put your whole weight on his face and suffocate him with your cunt." 

Claire looked blankly at her, but Michelle just whispered, "I'll give you the signal."

Leaning back Michelle surveyed Mr. Paul's hard cock and torso fully exposed as he lay with Claire straddling him. She clenched her fist and then with some force punched Mr. Paul in the stomach. 

"Now!" she shouted to her friend. 

Claire jumped so both her knees pinned the arms of Mr. Paul, that had been lying idly by his sides, and she sat fully on his face. Neil Paul, taken completely by surprise, was totally winded and there was no time to think all he could do was react. His mouth, gasping for air, was covered by her dripping cunt. Pinned as he was from above his shoulders he'd instinctively curled up in a kind of foetal position, groaning slowly. This was exactly what Michelle had wanted as it rather conveniently exposed his backside. Michelle put her full weight on the top of his thighs and spread his legs with ease as she climbed on the bed and pinned him down. In her hand she had a thick glob of lube which, with one sweeping motion, she wiped over his over his exposed arsehole.

If Claire was incredulous, Mrs. Shepherd was utterly astonished and both women thought exactly the same things as Michelle pressed the dildo to Mr. Paul's arsehole: she wouldn't! 

But Michelle would. She eased two inches of the lubricated dildo in to his tiny virgin hole. Smothered by Claire's cunt he gave an almost animal groan as she slowly entered him. 

"That's a good boy. Just relax, sorry I had to trick you, because I know how boring you can be Mr. Paul. I knew you'd have to be coerced."

Michelle slid another two inches in. Claire watched in a trance until she felt Mr. Paul struggle and she instinctively pressed all weight on his face and arms. "You're going nowhere Mr. Paul! Fuck him Michelle!" she laughed.

Michelle grinned at her friend. She arched back and eased six inches into Mr. Paul and then pulled back before gently pushing back in, she wanted to make him her bitch but not break him. She continued the rhythm, slowly increasing in intensity. Neil Paul was beyond thought. His initial pain and anger had been replaced by utter dependence; he couldn't believe he was being fucked like this. He heard a women whimpering: muffled pathetic slut like moans... and then he realised that the sounds were coming from him. He licked and sucked Claire's sodden cunt in a submissive reverie as her friend fucked him. Making him her slit. Recognising his need for the cock, Michelle finally instructed Claire, with a nod, to get off her former teacher.

"Did you like my surprise Mr. Paul?" Michelle was now fucking him with cool deliberate thrusts and he found himself whimpering with each stabbing.

She now had most of the dildo in him. His cock was now officially as hard as it ever been and Michelle had one hand snaked around it, wanking him to the same pace as her thrusts. He looked up at her, her breasts gently bouncing as she fucked him. His face was smeared with Claire's pussy jucice.

"Aaah. Aagh. Oh God. Oh fuck. Oh Michelle. I can't believe you're doing this! Oh fuck, it feels..." he found himself mewling.

"You bet it fucking does. You think you can act the big man and cum over Claire face and be all Alpha. I'm in charge here! And you're my slut. That's it Claire, film him getting fucked."

Claire had decided it was time she got to play with the camera. 

"I want there to be a record of this. Little bitch." She spat on his chest.

Neil looked up to see Claire filming him, the cum, his cum, was still wet on her face. 

Mrs. Shepherd hand was now a blur as she fucked herself like woman possessed. She felt utterly depraved. Her cheeks and chest were burning red. All that she could think of was lasting until Mr. Paul climaxed. This was obviously the most important thing that had ever concerned her, she decided, as she crouched their helplessly frigging herself.

"You're not going to last long are you bitch?" Michelle cooed. 

It was always the ways with the first timers, the sheer pleasure was too much for them. 

"Are you going to cum for me?" She spat on her hand which was already covered in lubricant and wanked him with harsh rapid strokes. 

"I'm giving you all of that fucking cock!" she snarled and she pumped him with her unforgiving thrusting.

"I don't believe this is happening." he whimpered.

"Believe it you bitch and what do you call me!"

Before he knew what he was saying he cried out it out: "Mistress!"

Michelle snarled as she drew him to climax. "And you!" she turned to Claire who was trying to film and masturbate. 

"Give me that camera, get on that bed and put your face in that fucking pillow! I want see your ass in the air as you wank yourself, you little cunt!"

Claire handed the camera to Michelle's free hand. "Okay Michelle." She climbed on the bed and put her face in the pillow and her ass in the air as she wanked herself obediently.

"Okay Michelle? Is that how you address me?" Michelle roared! 

She focused the camera on Mr. Paul's ass and cock and then to the desperate mess of limbs moaning at the top of the bed that was fingering its cunt like an animal.

"Yes Mistress!" Claire screamed.

Mrs. Shepherd was nearing her climax desperate to cum as the same time as the others. Ooh you really are a little bitch Michelle, she thought.

Neil Paul felt like he was losing his virginity all over again. From deep within the pit of his stomach he felt the orgasm begin to rise and his hips began to rock uncontrollably.

"You ready to cum for me?" Michelle purred.

"Yes Mistress, yes Mistress, yes Mistress." He whimpered

"Good, good boy, now we all know how much you like to cum on faces, let's see if I can reach your face from here!" Michelle gave one final thrust into him and he screamed like the little bitch that she always knew he was. Completely in control her hand expertly took him to the brink and then over with deft strokes. 

Mrs. Shepherd, crouching in the room opposite, peering through the crack in the door, came in a series of convulsions, her head jerking back like a dog. It took every ounce of her self-control not to howl out her orgasm.

Mr. Paul lacking both her discipline and control screamed out like a virgin. "I'm cumming, I'm cumming! Oh Fuck! Oh Fuck!" 

He came like he'd not fucked for a month and as the first scalding spunk hit his face he felt an orgasm unlike any other. Lines of cum slashed across his face and even into his mouth. Above him on the bed, he could hear Claire whimpering her final orgasm, his cum still drying on her face. 

Above them all he saw the orchestrator of their pleasure, Michelle, smiling down at him. When she slowly eased the strap on dildo from his arse he felt a loss that he'd never imagined.

"Thank you mistress." He whispered.

"Thank you mistress." Claire groaned from the bed.

Lying naked and staring at the ceiling of her hotel room, Mrs. Shepherd gently used her foot to silently close the door between her room and Mr. Paul's. She took her hand that she'd ejaculated on when she came and sucked the bitter taste off her lips. 

She had made a decision.

She needed to be fucked and she needed to fuck. As she lay there sucking her fingers and using her other hand to massage her ample breasts she thought of how she would achieve her goal.