 I met Anna and Ana at a party for my sister-in-laws 50th birthday in a small town south of Bern, Switzerland. My sister-in-law, Felicity, had married a Swiss banker 25 years earlier and had three children with him before he died in a car crash after 20 years of marriage. Felicity's life after Max's death had been difficult due to diminished income. Felicity had become an English teacher to the local schools and Swiss businesses and was finally turning her life around. Her head was above water and being a party girl, wanted to throw a big bash for her 50th. 

Felicity had rented a large Swiss chalet in the mountains for her party and the extended family of sisters, spouses, nieces and nephews had spent the morning decorating the downstairs hall with colorful balloons and ribbons. It had rained for most of the week but, miraculously, the day dawned with a sun streaming onto the surrounding mountains. We were in the foothills of the Alps and snowcapped mountains could be seen in the distance. 

The party began at about 6 PM and the early September air was cool and crisp but not cold. The party began on the large terrace outside of the dining hall. Felicity's friends were a mixture of Swiss locals and British expats. This coupled with her British and American relatives made for a distinctive international flavor to the party. Felicity's Nigerian boyfriend, Sidney, was an expert bartender and had created an expansive bar in one corner of the terrace and our brother-in-law Steve and one of Felicity's Swiss friends were manning a barbeque in the other corner. 

All in all, it was a very pleasant affair and people mingled in the slanting rays of the late day sun. Sidney was whipping up a wide assortment of mixed drinks and sending round after round of shots through the gathering. So we were all getting a little tipsy. 

I had been intermittently chatting with this friend and that relative but finally ran into Anna, with two "N's". The first Anna was about 5 ft 6, slim and elegant. She was wearing a smooth, white, satin blouse, black pants and high heels. Her hair was a strait and glossy black and was cut in a bob at her shoulders and her bright white teeth sparkled when she smiled, which was often. Despite living in Switzerland for 15 years she had retained her Yorkshire accent, which was musical to my American ear. As we chatted I could not help but appreciate her statuesque build. Her hips were slim, despite giving birth to two children and her moderate sized breasts made shapely mounds in the outline of her blouse. 

Anna had moved to Switzerland as an au pair and fallen in love with a Swiss man, Rolf. She and Rolf had been married for 13 years and had two children aged 11 and 8. Rolf was sick with a GI malady and so was not attending Felicity's party. Felicity was the senior English teacher in the Bern canton schools and was Anna's boss. Where Felicity had found a real calling in teaching English, to Anna it was just a job, away to make a little extra money and get herself out of the house. It was my impression, that Anna was a little bored with life at the moment. She had that reserved English demeanor that hid her feelings quite well but I could see the party and the liberating effects of the alcohol giving her a little boost. 

Ana, with one "N", was a petite bundle of energy bouncing around the terrace chatting while herding her 4-year old son. Ana was short, about 5 foot tall, and was wearing her earth mother outfit. Generally slim, she had on a sleeveless purple cotton top and a multicolored ankle length skirt that swayed with each swish of her wide hips and a round ass. Initially, I had little chance to talk with Ana but I enjoyed watching her wander about. 

A while later, I needed a break from the noise and energy of the party and began wandering about the grounds of the chalet. I found Anna and Ana together in the parking lot sneaking a cigarette and giggling together. 

I waggled my finger and said, "I am obligated to remind you, that smoking is bad for your health!"

Anna blushed and replied, "So what are you, a doctor or something?"

I said, "Actually, I am a pulmonary specialist and frequently care for people with lung cancer."

Anna and Ana turned to each other and bent over laughing! 

So they put out their cigarettes and we began to chat together. I learned that Ana was also an expat Brit from the south coast and it was clear that Anna and Ana were quite good friends. Both worked for Felicity as English teachers and were making their way in the Swiss wilds. Petite Ana's British husband, Scott, had gotten a job with the Swiss pharmaceutical company, Pfizer, and they were committed to Switzerland for at least 3 or 4 years. 

We returned to the party and drifted apart until later in the evening. Dinner and birthday cake had come and gone. Waves of shots and cocktails from Sidney had left various members of the party stuporous and aggregating in the margins of the hall and had left others supercharged and euphoric, gyrating on the dance floor. There was one Swiss couple that had great rhythm and smooth moves. He was tall, dark and powerful looking and she was small, dark and curvaceous. They were the envy of the hall and drew together and spun apart in an expanding and contracting orbits, like twin stars trapped in each other's gravitational pull. 

Felicity was in her element, laughing and bouncing to the beat of the music surrounded by many of her girlfriends. Most of the guys had wandered off to play pool or sit by the outdoor fire and so except for "The Couple", the floor was mostly, women. For one song, "Staying Alive" by the Bee Gee's, Felicity just had to have a man on the floor. So she dragged me into the dance to play John Travolta. 

We were all pretty loose and fast, as a result of the alcohol, and so we danced without fear in one gyrating mass of human flesh. I sort of lost consciousness over the next few minutes and just gave myself to the joy of the music and the play of body on body. So, in a brief moment of clarity, I was surprised to find myself bumping and grinding with Anna and Ana in an eddy of the main dance-floor's human current. We were spinning and laughing, a brief touch on the arm or a bump of the hips, only to bounce away and then return. My attention had narrowed on the two beautiful women gliding and juking around me. 

Both women had a slight sheen of perspiration on their brow and upper lip and their eyes were glazed with the joy of the moment. I noticed that Anna's nipples began to form tiny points poking at the shear fabric of her blouse and I found my dick getting hard. Ana's hips were swinging with the music and her ruffled skirt flared and twisted showing a slim calf here and outlining the swell of her rounded ass there. 

They made an Anna sandwich of me, little Ana in front and slim Anna behind and we bumped and ground against one another. Little Ana spun with her back to me and pushed her ass up against my semi erect cock, turned and flashed me a smile. Slim Anna was running her hands up and down my back and flank. I was almost creaming there on the dance floor! 

In a pause in the music, Anna smiled at me and said, "Come with me, there's something I want to show you!" 

So we wandered down the hall with little Ana in tow. The chalet was a four-story building with dining room, dancing hall and pool hall on the first floor. The upper three floors were composed of 15 or so dorm-style rooms. Most had a couple of bunk beds each but as we wandered up the stairs and along the third floor hall, the two women pulled me into one of the few rooms with a double bed. 

Anna pointed to the bed and said, "Sit there."

As I did so, little Ana hefted her skirts, straddled me from behind and began to massage my neck. Meanwhile slim Anna began a sensuous dance in front of me, swaying with the echoes of the music below and said:

"So, what would you like to see?"

I said, "Everything!!"

She replied, "You greedy boy!" but began to unbutton her blouse. As she swayed with the music, I got suggestive glimpses of the smooth mounds of her breasts. My cock became stiffer with the view and the sensuous strokes of little Ana's hands on my neck and back. Anna's shirt came off and was thrown onto a nearby chair. She had on a white lacy bra that accented her perky B-cup breasts and her stomach was flat and smooth. It was clear that she worked out to keep up her appearance and she slowly writhed before me swaying like the serpent that has hypnotized her prey. She twirled about and sensuously ran her hands along her flanks and hips. 

Meanwhile, Ana behind me had pressed her soft breasts into the small of my back and gently nuzzled my neck as she reach around me to unbutton my shirt and whispered, 

"Enjoying the view?"

Anna drew forward and reached between my legs to give my hardening dick a good squeeze. Then standing before me she unbuttoned her satin black pants and drew down the fly. Peeking through the gap was the band of her matching lacy nickers. Then she turned around and wiggled her ass at me. 

Ana had managed to undo my shirt and was running her hands along my torso as she cradled me from behind. 

Anna slowly lowered her pants and to my great enjoyment was wearing a thong and so I was rewarded with the site of her milky smooth ass waving before me. With her trousers at her ankles, Anna bent forward to reveal the soft mound of her pussy hidden by the thin expanse of her nickers. I sighed with pleasure at the site of a small wet spot in the center of the thong's crotch. She kicked her trousers into the waiting chair and turned to give me the frontal view. She stood there slim and elegant, with dark, strait, glossy hair, red painted lips, smooth unblemished skin with her lacy underthings hiding the promise of tits and ass. 

"Wow!" I said. "You look fantastic!"

She leaned forward and gave me an open mouthed kiss. I reached out to stroke her back and flanks and with one lucky flick, managed to release the clasp of her bra. 

She jerked back and covering her tits with her hands and the awry bra.

"You wicked man!" she exclaimed and then gave me a playful slap on the arm. Then smiled and let the bra fall free to the ground. 

I stared at the smooth soft mounds of her tits with their darkly erect nipples and smiled with pleasure. So she leaned forward to give me another kiss and I fondled her left breast for brief moment. 

"Enough!" Anna said. "Now its Ana's turn" 

With that, the two women changed position and in the process removed my shirt. Anna now straddled me from behind and I could feel the points of her nipples and the soft pillows of her breasts pressing into my back. Her hands stroked along my chest and arms and so I gently caressed her smooth thigh as it lay alongside mine. 

Meanwhile, Ana was a whirling dervish before us. As she spun, her skirts billowed out and I got brief glimpses of her smooth legs beneath. 

Little Ana cried, "So are you ready?"

I replied, "Can't wait!"

So she reached down and drew her blouse over her head. Her bra was purple lace and stood out starkly in the pale expanse of her torso. Little Ana was well built with moderate sized tits and ass and narrow waist. Her hair was wavy-frizzy and stood out in a cloud of auburn hair. She had a generous, laughing mouth and emerald eyes. Then she reached behind and undid the clasp of her bra, which sagged forward with the weight of her tits. She took the cups of her bra, one in each hand to prevent it from falling to the ground and sauntered to a spot just between my knees. 

I reached out and put my hands on her hips as she said, "Want to see?" and I gave her a big grin as I nodded my head. So she drew off her bra and laid it on my left thigh, giving me an unobstructed view. Her tits were firm with dark brown nipples. They were large enough, C or D cup that they sagged slightly with their mass. 

In imitation of Shakespeare, she grasped my hand, placed it on her right breast and said "step up to the buttery bar!" and gave a saucy little laugh. 

I reached up with both hands and gently brushed the expanse of her breasts and rolled each nipple between the index finger and thumb of the corresponding hand. She laughed with pleasure, braced her hands on her hips and leaned forward so her left tit waited expectantly before my mouth. So I began to suckle at teat licking and nipping at her crinkled left nipple and was delighted to hear a sharp intake of her breath. 

Meanwhile, Anna's cleaver hands had undone the buttons and zipper of my trousers and were fondling my dick through the thin covering of my Jockey's to my great delight.

Little Ana drew back and began to dance for me again and her skirts and breasts bobbed and swayed with each motion. Her bright smile was like a beacon drawing my ship ever towards her and her eyes twinkled with mirth and excitement. She began to spin about and her skirts rose ever upward, showing greater and greater expanse of her smooth pale thighs and I kept hoping for a glimpse of her panties. And so it was almost as if there were telepathy, she stopped with her ass pointed toward me and flicked her skirts up toward her back. I was surprised and delighted to find her panty-less and got a brief glimpse of her milky ass and dark furry pussy before the curtain of her skirts closed. The site of her pussy coupled with Anna's hands stroking my cock sent shivers of pleasure through me. 

Little Ana turned and gave me an open mouthed kiss and our tongues played with one another. Meanwhile Anna was nibbling my earlobes and her hand reached under the waistband of my shorts to stroke my cock up and down. I felt schizophrenic because one hand was stroking Anna's thigh, while the other was running up and down Ana's flank. 

The women then pulled and pushed me down onto the bed and then flopped one on each side of me. They both kissed me simultaneously and ran their hands up and down my torso. Laughing, they grabbed my trousers and shorts and jerked them down to my ankles and started fondling my cock as they cavorted around me. I was hyper-stimulated and my cock strained rigidly upward and pleasure shocks rocked my torso. I kicked my shoes and clothes into a heap on the floor. Anna and Ana pushed me back so I lay flat on the bed. They kneeled on either side of me with their asses level with my shoulders and began to lick and suck my throbbing dick. 

With my left hand I reached under Ana's skirts and began to gently stroke up and down her inner thighs. With my right hand I stroked up and down Anna's thighs and then began to run my fingers over the crotch of her thong and was rewarded with a short gasp. I was enjoying the view of Anna's shapely thighs and ass but really wanted to see her pussy so I pulled the crotch aside and got my first view of her hairless pussy. Her mons pubis formed soft pink mounds on either side of the dark pink inner lips and the dark line of her crack. Her small clit with its hood was firm and erect and the margins of her pussy glinted with a white pearly cream. So I ran my fingers over the soft expanse of her outer lips and she gave a small moan.

I was interested in getting a better look at Ana's furry beast and so I flipped her skirts up around her waist and ran my fingers along her inner thighs. She was unshaven and had thick auburn hair bursting from the mound of her pussy. The smooth pink curls of her inner pussy lips formed a contrast with the surrounding hair. I began to toy with her hair, lightly brushing the surfaces of her outer lips with faint flicks of the inner lips. Then I probed into the moist cave of her pussy and spread the burgeoning dew around her inner and outer lips and over the surface of her asshole, which brought a delighted gasp. 

I continued to absentmindedly finger and probe the recesses of Ana's furry twat, but turned my attention to Anna's smooth one. My fingers probed into the dark wetness of her pussy to extract some of her nectar, which I promptly applied to the recesses between her inner and outer lips. Now smooth and slippery my fingers glided about the surfaces of her pussy and gently began to stroke along the inner hood of her clit. Anna raised her head from my crotch, arching her back and moaned with pleasure.

Meanwhile little Sam was straining to bursting from the attention the women were giving him. While one of them was lightly licking along my shaft and dick head the other was tonguing my balls and inner thighs. Then they took turns sucking and stroking my rigid cock. 

All three of us were moaning with pleasure. I was gasping for air as I tried to maintain focus on the two slippery pussies to either side of me, playing my thumb across their firm clits and probing their pussies and assholes with my slippery fingers. But I was losing the battle, pleasure of their licking was too intense and I was losing control. Then Anna firmly took my cock in her mouth and began to stroke me deeper and deeper into her throat. At the same time little Ana began to tongue my asshole. I gasped. Anna drew my cock out of her mouth and vigorously stroked the shaft with her slippery hand. 

"Aaaahhhhh!" I cried and a fountain of cum spurted into the air between the two women's heads and onto my belly. They laughed raucously with the outcome and kissed one another. 

As I was coming to my senses, I saw that Scott, little Ana's husband, was standing in the doorway with a camera in hand and his rigid cock standing to attention through the fly of his trousers. He was alternatingly taking pictures and stroking his cock smiling with pleasure. 

Anna rose and posed for him as he shot a few more pictures and then she glided toward him, fell to her knees and began to suck is cock. 

With her husband occupied, Ana turned and lay beside me and began to play with the cum along the surface of my abdomen. 

"Did you enjoy that?" she asked.

I said, "That was incredibly intense! The two of you are a marvel!"

"Yes, we are!" she said with a radiant smile. 

I reached over and began to stroke her flanks and run my hands along her tits. We drew together and began kissing, first with the soft pillows of our lips and then with the slippery wetness of our tongues. 

I wiped the cum off my belly with a corner of the sheet and then turned to Ana and said, "Your turn."

I rose to a kneeling position, and took hold of the waistband of her skirt. She lifted her hips and I pulled the skirt to her ankles and then over her feet. I rose and placed it on a chair by the wall. Ana lay on placidly on her rump, her elbows, behind her raising her back so she could watch me. She had that big radiant grin, which was such a characteristic feature and looked at me expectantly. 

I smiled back and gently touched her hip saying, "Turn over."

So she rolled onto her stomach and I straddled her legs with my now flaccid cock resting in the cleft of her ass. I ran my fingers gently along the surface of her torso, occasionally kneading her neck and shoulders. She grew still and her breath became even and soft. 

As I massaged Ana, I occasionally looked over to Scott and Anna. Anna had managed to rid him of his trousers and he stood there in in shirtsleeves as she worked on his dick. He was alternatingly taking pictures of his wife and me and of Anna deep throating is crimson member. He had on this goofy grin of pure pleasure. 

I leaned forward and began to nuzzle Ana's neck and rub my chest against her back and ass. My cock began to wake and fill the cleft of her smooth ass. I nibbled her neck and drew light licks of my tongue down her back. I slid down her body licking lower and lower until I was looking at the smooth rounded domes of her ass and the columns of her legs. I gently stroked along the backs of her legs, her ass and the dark cleft between. I could hear Ana's breathing become shorter with sharp intakes and small sighs and she spread her legs apart slightly so I could see the hairy mound of her pussy. The twin pink curls of her inner lips glistened and so I began to stroke her inner thighs, my fingers growing closer and closer to her quivering pussy. I gently ran my fingers over her soft mound and she responded with a sharp gasp. Her pussy was wet and so my fingers easily explored the soft inner surfaces, playing with her inner and outer lips and clit. 
