 Hi All, Thank you all for reading our stories, voting, and your excellent comments and emails. The following is a stand-alone story so there is no need to read our other submissions to understand what is happening. Please note this story contains cross-dressing, same-sex, and anal sex scenes. If this is not your cup of tea, there is no need for you to read further. Please vote if you like and comments are always welcome.

*

Me and my wife love to help prepare each other for when we decide on a night of enjoying atypical sex. Tonight was extra special for us because we are seeing our sex-friends and my hot wife, Lisa, has something very different planned for us. I did not know what she had in mind but she told me she went shopping. The second hint about the evening included a soapy shower, which involved special attention to our backdoors. I am sure her shopping trip included toys because she was fucking me with her favorite dildo, a seven-inch white ribbed vibrating bullet, long after the soap was washed away by the now cold-running shower.

We dressed and she kept mum about tonight's events saying she wanted everyone to be surprised. We said bye to the kids and babysitter and were out the door. My wife was in such a great mood I was definitely anxious about tonight's upcoming events. Prying information out of her proved pointless and I could not peek inside the rather large bag she brought with her because I drove and our overstuffed night bag was in the back seat.

We had not seen our friends since Marie's sister secretly video taped Mike and me having sex. As planned, the ladies hid the cameras the night before so while Mike and I were going at it Marie and Lisa were over Jenny's apartment so Jenny could tape her sister and my wife having sex the same afternoon. Marie told Mike and he was embarrassed about the whole thing. 

Marie, Mike's girlfriend, opened the door for us as we kissed and hugged hello. Marie threw in an extra wink and pat on my ass as she led us inside Mike's spacious apartment. The two ladies exchanged knowing looks as we caught up with Mike in the kitchen making Pina Coladas. I was going to shake his hand but Mike could barely look at me without his face reddening from embarrassment. Lisa was not to be deterred and gave him a very sensual kiss and put his hands on her large bosom while checking out her cleavage. He may still have been shaken but was not fool enough to pass up a good feel and look. Eventually, they broke apart and I could tell he was feeling a bit better, placing the pitcher of alcohol on the kitchen table.

We sat at the table and cheered to each other's company. Mike was the first to talk, taking a large gulp before he spoke. "I can't believe you guys set me up! And you recorded the fucking thing, to boot!" 

Marie took his hand gently and explained, "Mike, I thought we have been through this already. You would not have fulfilled your fantasy had you known the truth. You would have been too reserved and would not have enjoyed yourself as much. Come on, honey. We have not seen it yet but Jenny is saying you and John having sex is fucking hot-with a capital H! Furthermore, having you was John and Lisa's fantasy as well. They did not want you to hold back. Of course, you fulfilled my fantasy also, Mike! I can't wait to see the final cut when my sister is done with it. You have no idea how many times I masturbated to the thought of watching you two guys doing it!" 

Taking another healthy swig Mike asked, "So when is your sister going to be done editing the home movie? I can't wait to see it." He rolled his eyes sarcastically.

"Relax," my lovely wife interjected, locking her arm around his. "Don't forget Jenny also recorded Marie and I having sex. There is an extra surprise in that footage as well, you know." She purred and winked at him, feeling the outline of the growing cock through his slacks. He was cheering up and did not move Lisa's hand either.

I took a long drink from mine and refilled it, adding in my two cents. "Hey Mike. I totally fucking enjoyed it. I hope you had as much fun as I did. I am never going to forget." 

He fidgeted but remained silent, avoiding my eyes. "Mike," I continued. "Do you regret what we did? Did you enjoy it?"

Mike refilled his glass and for a few moments we all drank in silence waiting patiently for his answers. 

He finally looked at from across the table and smiled. "You know I don't regret having done it with you John. I did enjoy it and hopefully next time, if there is a next time, I hope I can return the favor." He said with a smirk. 

I am sure Mike realized the visible relief washing across everyone's face upon hearing his confession and leaving the door open for continued adult activities. Mike smiled again. He was feeling more comfortable and even relaxed before he resumed speaking. 

"I understand why you all taped me and John having sex. You are probably right that I would have been conservative or maybe even chickened out altogether because maybe I would feel less like a man in front of Marie. I can understand you guys and forgive you." 

He paused before continuing. "However, you have to promise me two things. One, no one else sees it. And two, John and I see that tape of you two together!" 

Mike and I chuckled and now it was the ladies' turn to blush. 

The ice seemed to be broken and Mike got up to make another pitcher of mixed alcohol. I leaned toward my wife and kissed her. Marie felt left out so her and I kissed briefly. 

I asked Marie, "So, what is going on with Jenny anyway? When do I get to meet your sister?"

Marie eagerly replied and in her fast-talking and bubbly tone she let me and my wife in on the details. "Well, while Lisa and I were at my sister's apartment she let on that she was not seeing anyone at the time. Sure, she has some fuck-buddies but nothing serious. I mentioned this to Mike and he said his brother was not seeing anyone either. To make a long story short we set them up and went out on a double date. They hit it off fabulously and now they are spending 'quality time' at Jenny's apartment. I am sure you will meet them sooner or later. Jenny is hot and Adam is a really nice guy. Oh, and Lisa, Jenny tells me..." 

Marie looked to see Mike's back to us then she spread her hands about eight or nine inches apart. I thought I saw my lusty wife salivating, already thinking what she could do with that cock! I have been lucky enough to see, hold, and suck a cock that size (thank goodness for that particular transsexual encounter and there was this glory hole once...) and I too was excited about the potential. 

Marie chatted on about a few other things and wrapped it up by saying we should see the results of Jenny's work before we know it.

Mike returned with the next pitcher and filled our glasses. "So Lisa, my girlfriend has been hinting but has not told me what is going on tonight. I suggested us going out and doing something but she told me you have better plans in mind." 

"Yeah," I chimed in. I turned to Mike and Marie, "My kinky wife decided that I needed to make sure I was especially clean." 

Mike patted his rump, "I know what you mean. Marie would not let me cum and stopped my advances." 

Marie added, "Excuse me, Mike honey, but I did let you fuck my ass as well, with our favorite toy." 

Mike blushed but did not want to add fuel to the fire so he remained silent.

Lisa noticeably perked up knowing that the spotlight was on her. "Okay guys, here is the deal: we have been knocking out one taboo after another and tonight I figured we would knock out one more." She took a long drink and scanned the room for added effect. "Tonight, lady and gentlemen, I thought dressing up would be fun." 

Mike and I looked quizzically at each other then her. 

Lisa knew she now had our undivided attention. "I want us to be dressed sexy. I carefully selected ensembles and toys for each of us!" 

Marie was smiling broadly while Mike and I were still unsure. 

"Uh," Mike asked first, "What do you mean 'dressed sexily' and what toys?" 

I was familiar with what Lisa was talking about because we have played this game before. Still, I was not so certain about doing it in front of people, even if we were fuck-buddies.

"Okay boys, I see you don't get it so I will outline this for you." Lisa was in control of this game and she knew it. "Marie and I are going to wear sexy lingerie and so will you. I have put panties on John from time to time and I think it is so fucking sexy. As far as the toy question, well, I bought some just for this occasion." 

She smiled nastily, leering at each of us. Mike and I stared in disbelief while Marie and Lisa were totally into it and seemed to be picturing us in our feminine ensembles. 

"And if we refuse?" Mike asked hesitantly. 

Lisa stated flatly. "If you refuse, John and I go home and you don't get to watch us girls pleasuring ourselves." 

Mike was still weighing his options. I, on the other hand, could not wait to see our partners dressed up and pleasuring themselves with whatever toys my wife cleverly decided to bring. 

"I am in." I spoke without hesitation.

Mike looked at me with disapproval. "I guess I am in as well. I don't want to spoil the night."

"I knew you would see it my way." Lisa said. 

Triumphantly, my wife smiled, rose, and walked to the guest room where I dropped our overnight carry-on bag. Re-emerging a few moments later, she produced four bags, one for each of us and dropped them on the kitchen table. Our names were written in bright red bold text and we passed the correct bag to the other. Lisa held onto her bag with both hands. 

"My bag contains the toys so you won't see them until we are in the living room and having gotten comfortable." For dramatic effect, Lisa waited a moment and looked into each of our eyes. "Okay then, you guys will go into the guest room. Marie and I will change in the bed room. Are there any questions? Good. See you in a few minutes. Let us know when you are in the living room." 

Marie and Lisa rose from the table taking their drinks and bags, flaunted their hips and swished into the bedroom. 

Mike and I looked at each other, grabbed our drinks and bags and entered the guest room, closing the door quietly. We stood facing each as we dumped the contents onto the bed. 

"Good gracious! Are these women kidding me?" Mike asked holding up red diamond lace with leather trim stockings. 

"Oh yeah, Mike? Check these out." I held up a baby blue lace up garter skirt and bra. We laughed at the clothes and our predicament. 

Mike sorted his lingerie onto the bed, "I can't believe what the girls came up with!" 

I smiled and shrugged, "Me neither but I hope they are wearing something totally fucking hot for me to wear this in front of you guys!" I said laughingly holding up elbow high dark blue gloves. "Well, no point delaying the inevitable." I told him while I stripped as Mike shrugged and did likewise. 

We emerged from the guest room, dressed and sat down on the sofa and love seat looking each other over and waited impatiently for our women. Tightly tucked sheets covered the couches and pillows. We took note of the anomaly but did not dwell on it. Mike's red stockings matched cutely with his white lace panties and red and white checkered garter, highlighted by the sheer light red wrist high gloves. I watched as his cock and balls shimmered and twitched under the panties. I looked up and saw Mike smiling at me and could only guess what he is thinking. My feminine ensemble included light blue lace and satin panties with dark blue ruffled fringes. The garter skirt hooked sexily to dark blue sheer stockings. My own cock stirred watching Mike pressing his fingers across his baby doll nightie. His tongue dragged slowly across his parted lips, wiping away imaginary remnants of the alcoholic beverage. 

Mike broke the ice, "I guess I should make some more drinks." He shook the empty glass in his hand. I agreed and watched him rise and brush past me as he headed toward the kitchen. I was seated on the love seat and had to turn my head to watch his departure. I had to admit I liked the way the bottom of his ass cheeks peeked below the panty line. The garter belts clung sexily to his upper thighs as he walked.

I was kneeling on the loveseat with my butt cheeks sitting on my calves and my hands resting casually on the edge as I watched Mike approach with the pitcher of Pina Colada. I could see his cock trapped within his white panties. 

"How cute are you?" I chuckled as my finger slowly crawled across his panties while he shakily refilled my glass. 

"John, don't start doing that now." He warned but did not move.

The girls walked out of the bedroom as my fingers traced the outline of Mike's growing hard-on. 

"Starting without us?" My lovely wife intoned sexily. Our focus turned toward our lovely ladies standing side by side and looking completely hot and fucking edible. 

"Wow!" We uttered at the same time as we stared hungrily at our beauties.

Lisa was first to model provocatively for us. My wife sashayed over to us flinging her Frederick's bag over her shoulder. She wore four-inch heel purple platform shoes. Light purple mesh fishnet stockings were held up by a black leather garter belt and purple with black trim crotchless panties showcased her delicious shaved pussy. Her body was mostly covered in a red leather and lace waist cincher and a cutout to expose her large 44-DD breasts. Red pasties capped her luscious nipples. The leather fishnet gauntlets covered her arms and a frilly red choker completed her sexy come-fuck-me outfit. Dropping her toy bag, Lisa then stood confidently with hands on her hips in the middle of the living room. 

All eyes were then on Marie as she paraded before us. A full length sheer mesh gown demurely covered her charms as she leaned over to show her cleavage. Staring at us, she slowly undid the middle fastener and let the garment slide over her body and fall to the floor. She turned slightly so we could see the spaghetti thin lace up back barely holding up her open-breasted lace teddy. Ruffled cuffs held her wrists snugly. We watched with mouths open as she pinched her nipples and slid her hands down her shapely body to her embroidered lace garter belt and then lower to trace the outline of her vee-shaped pubic hair below her crotchless panties. She turned slightly so we had a perfect view of Marie spreading her ass cheeks, slowly bending down to her stockings and then her fingers caressing her 3-inch slippers. She held the pose momentarily and we watched her ass cheeks clench and unclench. Satisfied we had her undivided attention, she slowly stood and winked at me and Mike before sauntering next to Lisa. 

The women's arms were wrapped loosely together as they embraced. They wasted no time kissing each other and feeling each other's asses. My heart was pounding as I watched their hands slide smoothly to their partner's pussy, then stroking their clits, while writhing and moaning loudly to our delight. They parted reluctantly, my wife sucking on Marie's tongue until the last possible moment. 

Lisa, still fondling one of Marie's ass cheeks, regained her composure and spoke, wile motioning Mike to sit next to me. "Okay, guys. Here is what we have planned for us this evening." 

Our cocks were steel hard as Mike took a seat next to me on the loveseat. Our hard dicks tenting our tight panties and precum already visible, staining our lacey confines. The ladies looked on approvingly as Lisa continued, her big tits rising up and down with our cocks bobbing to their movements. 

My wife picked up her bag before continuing. "As I was saying, we were not there when you guys performed for each other and likewise you were not there to see us together. But, Marie and I agreed that we would love to see you guys pleasure yourselves and we brought the toys so you can do just that!" 

She grinned lecherously as she envisioned our upcoming masturbation session. "What do you think?"

Without bothering for a response, she looked inside her bag and the goodies started pouring out. She tossed a lubricant bottle to me and then tossed one to the couch. She pulled out a thick seven-inch jelly dildo with realistic looking balls and tossed it to Mike. My devious wife tossed me a vibrating purple thickly veined cock and she waved the remote control between her fingers before dropping it to the couch. For Marie, she chose a two-prong rubber cock. A five-inch dick curved toward a thick seven-inch cock for dual-hole entry with vibrating action on the handle. My wife carefully set down her pleasure devices: a long rubber beaded object with the beads increasing in diameter. The other sex toy was a silver vibrating bullet. The last object she retrieved from her adult entertainment bag was a Cyberskin fifteen-inch double-dicked dildo intended for two-people pleasure. 

Marie excitedly lay on the couch, pushing a pillow under herself and Lisa sat opposite her stretching one leg along side the sexy younger woman and the other foot rested on the floor. Lisa slid a pillow under her rump and we all had a great view of the women's holes. Mike and I copied their actions; placing pillows under our asses and faced each other, keeping our heads turned toward our women. 

My wife began the masturbation session by sucking lightly on her beaded toy. Marie took the cue and began sucking on her pseudo-cocks. Lisa glared at me and Mike so we tentatively began our oral stimulation on the phalluses. Marie's eyes locked onto Lisa's as she began to slowly deep throat the larger dong. Lisa worked the anal toy into her mouth, beads slowly slipping between her lips. I pressed my hand against my panties feeling my hard cock as I copied the ladies, glancing over to see Mike doing the same. 

I continued to suck my toy and lightly play with my cock while leaning against the couch, positioning myself so I can watch all four of us masturbating. My eyes scanned from one body to the next and I found myself lingering on each person, taking in their prone positions, the sway of their bodies and their building excitement. Mike's stocking clad leg was pressed against mine and I felt him move his hips up and down. Looking across to him, I found myself even more turned on watching him pet his hard cock through the panties and his ass cheeks lifting off the pillow.

Mirroring his movements, Mike felt the pressure against his leg being matched and he looked at me. Stuffing his pseudo-cock in and out of his mouth, his eyes watched my body and focused lower on my hard panty-encased dick. When I lifted my hips teasingly, he unabashedly stared to see if he could see my asshole. I liked him watching me and decided to continue the game so I eased the fake cock out of my mouth and slid it under my bra strap, keeping the head of the cock staring at my face. I then lifted my hips higher and parted the flimsy material away from my ass so he could see my anal opening. I reached for the lube that was in between us, opened the cap, and poured some of the cool liquid down my balls and against my hole, then massaging the liquid inside me with my middle finger.

Mike opened his legs wider and allowed me to sprinkle some liquid between his legs. My knuckles grazed up and down his panty covered shaft and I watched him press his toy against his ass. He swirled the fake cock head up and around his hole as more liquid oozed out of the bottle and onto his 'cock' and asshole. He pressed the cock head against his opening and pushed slowly until the head disappeared.

"OH! Fuck!" The girls cried out in unison. 

We turned our heads to see the ladies watching us while they masturbated. They were furiously fucking the other with the preferred toys. Lisa was pumping Marie's pussy and ass with the double pronged dildo while Marie, through gritted teeth and wide-eyed, deeply fucked Lisa's pussy with the long schlong, grasping firmly on one shaft while the other penetrated my wife again and again. Lisa's ass was filled with the beaded cock; only a couple of the beads still visible. Both girls seemingly having orgasm after orgasm watching us while having their pussies and asses so thoroughly pleased.
