 Writer's note. This tale is written from the perspective of my Little Minx. She has always wanted to visit a sex club with me. If you like this story, check out my profile. I have plenty more where that came from. 

################################################

We'd dressed to go out. You were in dark jeans with a light blue button down shirt. I was in a short green dress. Spiky brown heels. Hair slicked back into a ponytail. As we navigated the city streets in your truck I slid my dress up my thighs. Spreading my legs wide. So you could look over and get a glimpse of my freshly shaved cunt.

We arrived at the chosen club and found parking on the same block. A passing group of young guys getting a flash of my naked cunt as you helped me out of the truck. They whistled and smiled appreciatively as they made their way to a nearby bar.

We approached an unmarked door and rang the bell. Your hand caressing my ass as we waited to be buzzed in. The breeze threatening to lift my dress. We opened the heavy iron door and made our way up the long narrow staircase. The pulsing music getting louder and louder with each step. A quick hello to the hosts who knew us both well.

We wandered from room to room. Nodding the occasional hello. Checking out the action. Seeing if anyone caught our eye. I noticed a man in the corner of one of the front rooms. He was reclining on a couch, watching the action all around him. Even from a distance I could tell he was hard but he hadn't yet started to stroke. He caught me watching him so I smiled and winked. Turned quickly so he'd get a nice view of my ass as I sashayed out of the room.

I found you in the hallway looking in the door of another room. You were watching two women in a 69. I stood behind you my hand reaching around for your cock. Whispering in your ear. You took my hand and led me down the hallway towards the back room. Our favorite room. With deep blue walls. 3 couches along the walls. 2 large mattresses pushed together. I turned my head to glance behind and saw that the man was now following us. Just as I knew he would.

We let our eyes get adjusted to the darkness. There were already several couples engaged in heavy action inside the room. You led me over to one of the mattresses and sat down. I stood in front of you as you unbuckled your belt. Pulled down the zipper of your jeans and freed your cock. I leaned down an kissed the tip of you before looking over my shoulder and winking at our new friend. Bent over at the waist I began sucking your cock.

Teasing at first. Slipping my tongue inside your foreskin. Feeling you harden inside my mouth. Your hands reached out and slipped the hem of my dress up to my hips. Your fingers began to stroke my cunt. You saw that he was watching us and nodded your approval.

I gasped as I felt his tongue replace your fingers. His breath warm. His tongue gently but firmly licking the outside of my cunt. Parting my lips. Flicking at my clit. His fingers sliding inside me. I felt your hands tugging at the neckline of my dress. Pushing the straps over my shoulders. Exposing my breasts.

I resumed sucking your stiff cock. Head bobbing up and down. Slurping. Your fingers pinching and rolling my nipples. His mouth covering my clit. Sucking and nibbling it. Fingers pumping in and out of my cunt. I came. My mouth stuffed with your cock. Unable to cry out. I felt a rush of cool air across my swollen cunt as he stood up. Reaching for his own cock.

You saw that he intended to fuck me and motioned that he should lay down on the mattress. You pulled me off of your cock and whispered in my ear. Nodding I quickly replaced your cock with his. Running my tongue up and down his shaft. He was thick. It took skill to take him in fully. I had to work up to it. Taking bit by bit. Inch at a time until I was comfortably deep throating him.

You'd taken your position behind me. You stuffed two fingers in my cunt and thrust a few times. Just to get them wet. Then I felt you starting to massage my asshole. Working your fingers in. Loosening me up. He had his hand on the back of my head. Guiding me as I sucked him deeply. I was rocking against your fingers. Loving the feel of being finger fucked but wanting something more.

I felt you smack me on the ass. Hard. Knowing that was your cue. That you were ready to fuck me. I dragged my mouth from his cock. Crawled up his body. Positioning myself over him I slid onto his cock. I heard him groan as he entered me. I paused. His cock filling me. My smooth cunt resting against his groin. Then I began to thrust. Riding his cock. My breasts bouncing. His hands on my hips helping me balance.

I felt your hand on my back. Pushing me towards his chest. You knelt between our legs. Your cock pressed against my asshole. Pushing in. A long steady thrust. A gutteral moan escaping my lips as you stretched me out. I was helpless between you. Unable to move. You began to fuck me. Slow and steady. At first he just lay underneath me. No doubt adjusting to the feel of your cock against his through the walls of my cunt.

Then he too began fucking me. Finding a rhythm with you. Two cocks drilling into me. I was draped across his chest. Collapsed. Surrendered to the pleasure of being fucked this way. Till you grabbed my ponytail and pulled back roughly. One hand wrapped in my hair one placed firmly in between my shoulders. His lips found my exposed throat and he kissed and nipped at my skin. His hands were all over my body as he fucked me.

I couldn't hold back my orgasms. I just gave into them. Let them come. One after another. Cum soaking his cock. You pounded relentlessly into my ass. I felt his fingers dig into my flesh and knew he was about to cum. I egged him on. Telling him how much I wanted his cum. How I wanted him to fill me. His body went suddenly stiff and he thrust upwards hard. I felt his cock spasming inside of me. I clenched his cock with my cunt. Milking him. Feeling cum dripping out.

You saw his body relax. You pulled out of me and rolled me over onto my back. Kneeling over me you began stroking your cock rapidly. A hot thick stream of cum landed on my tits. A second stream landed on my face. I opened my mouth and you slipped your cock inside so I could suck the last drops from your cock. So I could clean you. I wiped the cum from my face and sucked it off of my fingers. I let the cum on my tits dry where it landed.

He stood up. Tucked his cock back into his pants. He leaned over and kissed me on the cheek. Whispered a thank you in my ear and then strolled out of the room. I slipped the straps of my dress back over my shoulders while you zipped up and buckled your belt. Your hand rested lightly on the small of my back as we made our way out of the club and back to the car. The insides of my thighs still sticky with cum, his and mine mixed. Your cum dried on my breasts. I knew that when we arrived home you'd fuck me again. I sat in the passengers seat and willed you to drive faster.