 Hi All, This is a stand-alone story so there is no need to read our other submissions to understand what is happening. Please note this story contains hetero, gay, anal, and kinky sex scenes. If this is not your cup of tea, there is no need for you to read further. Please vote if you like and comments are always very welcome. We thank all that have voted, commented, and sent us emails.

My wife fingering her pussy always gets my cock hard and I love to watch her. Sometimes we will just watch each other masturbate and she loves it when I am fucking myself with one of her toys while she fucks herself with her favorite white vibrating bullet. A couple nights ago, I was spying on my wife as she was reading something on the computer while slowly playing with her clit and pussy lips. 

She caught me watching and whispered hoarsely for me to come in the room and read over her shoulder. She was reading a detailed email from Marie. Though we have not hooked up with her and her boyfriend Mike for a couple weeks, my lovely wife and her have been exchanging emails and stories of each other's sexual adventures. I quickly read the message and my cock was getting harder by each successive word I read. 

Marie has been fucking Mike's ass since that evening we stayed over their place! She loved it and so did he! Some days they would fuck missionary with his cock buried in her pussy. Other days they would take turns fucking each other's asses. He once dp'd her with his cock in her pussy and a nice size rubber dick shoved in her ass. Marie went on to explain that one time, with a double headed dildo she bought at a porn shop (that had private booths, by the way), they double fucked each other's holes. During one of their more heated moments, with the balls of the rubber toy rubbing across his genitals and his cock nearing orgasm as she was deep inside him while fucking him from behind, she expressed a desire to watch him get fucked-for real! He came immediately! He groaned loudly as his cum showered the bed sheet. Marie orgasmed watching his piss slit shoot copious amounts of cum and she knew he really wanted to have sex with a man as much as she wanted to watch. With her cock still inside Mike, Marie scooped up some of his cum from the bed and fed it to him. He resisted slightly but she knew he loved it when she force fed his own cum to him-even if he did not want to admit the fact.

Marie now had a plan and that was why she wrote my wife. 

Lisa responded with the suggestion the three of us meet for lunch and discuss how we were going to get me to fuck him. Marie, though, had an alternative idea and that was for the four of us to meet at Mike's apartment (she was almost moved in already). Marie and Lisa would go shopping sneaking back in later, leaving the rest up to me. My wife and I discussed the possibilities. Eventually, we came up with a more extensive plan, emailed it to Marie and waited for her response. A few minutes later she responded. She loved the idea!

My wife noticed my cock was already hard, since it was bumping against her hip. 

"You can't wait to fuck him, can you? Fucking perv!" She giggled while turning and squeezing my cock. 

I eagerly replied, "Ooooh yeah! Been awhile for me and he looked like he was totally into it as you fucked him in the ass with that awesome cock of yours." 

"You mean," my wife sexily interjected while lowering her pants and black lace panties, "Me being totally inside him!" She laughed nastily and wiggled her hips. 

Taking the obvious hint, I dropped my pants and pulled her onto the couch, entering her in one smooth motion, my cock easily penetrating her soaking wet snatch.

- - -

That Saturday Lisa and I went over to Mike's place and was pleasantly greeted by the sexy Marie. Marie's rumpled hair and the revealing hot blouse, one undone button too many, showing off a black satin bra, was indeed a sexy sight. Mike looked just as unkempt and Lisa and I were in the living room before he emerged, tucking his shirt in his pants. With Mike fixing himself, looking down as if to smooth a wrinkle, the three of us smiled at each other as Phase One of the plan appeared to have gone quite smoothly. 

"His cock was as hard as I could get it without making him cum." Marie whispered to us. 

"Perfect timing," She added with a wink.

"I hope we did not interrupt anything, Mike." I said to him cheerfully, letting him know full well I knew we did. 

"It is alright. I will get her later." He chuckled, half red with embarrassment. 

"You mean," added Marie, "I will get you later." She stared at his ass and licked her lips. 

Mike seemed to almost die of embarrassment as he looked at her with a scared look as if being found out they were doing something unusual.

Mike motioned us to the kitchen where we had ice teas and talked about the four of us having fun later, maybe a restaurant then to a club. Marie was sitting close to him the whole time and my wife soon joined their frolicking, sitting on his other side, touching his knee and playing with the growing outline of his cock through his jeans. The two women took turns keeping him-and his cock-in an excited state. My lovely wife Lisa was also dressed to tease, her push-up bra and low-cut blouse emphasizing her generous breasts. My own cock was growing as my eyes scanned each woman's cleavage and listened humorously as Mike tried to engage in serious conversation. 

"Quit teasing me ladies! I know you want to shop or whatever before we start this evening and you are not helping." He said, half upset while his other (erect) half was tremendously enjoying the attention. 

"I know. I know." My wife said, licking his finger and drawing his wet digit to her exposed cleavage. "But I am in a fun and horny mood," Lisa added pushing his hand further between her large breasts. 

"Oh. Stop, Lisa." Marie said while pulling Mike's hand out of her sexy friend's chest. "You are turning me on too, you know. We did not have a chance to finish before you guys showed up." 

Marie was talking while sliding her hand inside my wife's blouse, tweaking and squeezing a pronounced nipple. Mike was clearly enjoying this and felt he was going to bust a nut in his jeans if they did not stop. 

As if on cue, the ladies rose from the table, straightened their blouses and announced they were going shopping. Mike's face dropped so fast it was comical and the three of us laughed as he turned red from embarrassment yet again. When he stood up, his cock looked like it would burst from his clothing. The ladies chuckled, licked their lips for his benefit, grabbed their coats and left the house gabbing as they went.

"OH fuck! Those women are incredible! They sure as fuck know how to tease a guy" Mike laughed as we cleaned the table. 

As he turned and started washing dishes, I mentioned I was going to the bathroom. He was noncommittal for a moment, then gasped. 

"Uh, the bathroom is not cleaned. I should clean it up!" He tried to brush past me, though I was near the door already. 

I prevented him from getting ahead of me and opened the door wide. 

"Oh yes." I thought. "Those women are incredible! Phase Two is accomplished." I smiled to myself. 

I heard a groan behind me as I entered the bathroom and saw an enema on the sink and two strap-ons on the toilet lid. 

I picked up the larger of the two toys and held it up to him, "I guess Marie is Really fucking you now. What is this? Eight inches? Nine?" I excitedly asked him. 

"No. No. You have it all wrong. I.. she.. we.. don't.. I mean." He was stuttering and stammering trying to explain the long, thick rubber cock I held in my hand. 

"Hey. Don't worry about it." I held the cock to my nose, smelling the cleanliness of it. "At least you cleaned it up." 

He did not say anything and I decided to go a step further to see how he would react. 

"This is a big and thick cock." I calmly commented and kissed the head of it, then licked around the large head. "How big is it?" I asked again. 

He stammered, "Ten inches." 

I looked him straight in the eye as I licked up and down the large rubber cock. "Wow." I slowly said, keeping my eyes fixed to his. "That is big. How much of it can you take in your mouth?" 

I asked him while I fit the head between my lips and slowly pushed it into my mouth, while my tongue flickered around the head. The head of the fake dick then disappeared between my lips along with an inch or two of the long shaft. 

Stroking and sucking the rubber phallus, I watched him shift nervously and I think he moved a hand to the prominent bulge in his pants. 

Mike finally replied, "I don't know how much I can fit in my mouth. I have not tried." 

I fit a couple more inches in my mouth and slowly eased it out. Stroking the cock with long up and down motions, I motioned towards him. 

"Why don't you try now? As you can see, I can only fit a few inches and it is thick." I said, handing it teasingly to him. 

He balked at the notion but did not move as I neared the cock, wet with my saliva, to his lips. 

"Oh come on. It is not a real cock." I told Mike. 

Unsure of his actions, he reached for the rubber dick and held it in both hands, almost trembling. 

Our bodies were close but I moved even closer to him until our mouths were almost simultaneously kissing the cock he now fully grasped. Our eyes locked to each other, I quietly said, "Come on. Please. I just did it. Now it's your turn." 

I know he was curious or excited or maybe a combination of both. Whichever the reason, he tentatively slipped his tongue from between his lips and caressed the rubber toy. His mouth may have been dry but from my spit, he was able to slide his tongue along the top and gradually slip the big headed dick between his lips. 

Cautiously, I eased my hands to his hips as I watched him lick and suck the cock between us. He seemed turned on by my subtle action because he was sucking on the dick, still tentatively but a little more eagerly. I responded by sliding my hands from his waist to the front of his pants. He did not move so I carefully placed my hands on the outline of his rigid cock. He moaned slightly and further pushed the ten inch cock between his open mouth. I pressed my palm and fingers onto him and began to feel every inch of his strained cock. He moaned again and held firmly onto the cock, easing it out of his mouth. 

"What are you doing?" He asked me wide eyed while I unzipped his pants. 

"What do you think? I want to feel your dick and balls." I calmly told him as I fished out his hard on. 

"No. No." He was trying to brush my hand aside as my fingers circled his shaft and I squeezed lightly. 

He moaned, "Oh fuck. Don't do that. I am not into it." He weakly protested. 

My other hand sneaked down his underwear to feel and caress his balls. Again he moaned and put up this false front of not wanting me to touch him. 

"What would the girls say if they caught us?" He whined but his cock did not shrink. Actually, I think it even firmed up a bit more. 

"They would probably want an encore of the last time we played with each other." I chuckled, referencing when we sucked each other's cocks in front of the women. 

"I don't know if I want to suck your dick again, John." He quietly said while pushing my hand away. 

"That is okay. Let me have some fun with you and this nice dick you have. I want to try deep-throating you again. If you don't mind, that is." I added lustfully while tugging on his cock. 

He laughed. "You really are bi, aren't you?" 

I was going to say something else, like "More than you know, Mike. More than you know." Instead, I just smiled and said to him, "I like to enjoy different experiences. And your cock IS tasty." 

He did not push my hand away as I led him by his hard dick out of the bathroom, into the living room and finally into his bedroom. I pushed him onto the bed and sank to my knees.

He was about to protest until he felt my lips around his cock head and I sucked a few inches of his shaft down my throat. He moaned out loud as I cupped his balls, pushing another inch between my wet lips. I held onto one of his ass cheeks squeezing methodically as I took his cock to the base, my nose tickling his balls. 

"OHHHH FUCKK!! That feels great!" Mike exclaimed, throwing his body down onto the bed and slamming his balled up hands to the mattress. 

I pulled my lips up to his cock head, licking the tip, and looked across his lean body to his face and our eyes locked onto each other. I licked his head and swirled my tongue around his shaft. I slid my hand from his ass to hold his dick. 

"Oh fuckkk." He moaned again as I took his hard and pre-cum dripping cock down my wet and willing mouth. 

I sucked him to the base again and this time I licked across his balls. 

He lifted his hips up, really getting into my cock sucking. I took this opportunity to lazily drag my fingers down his balls to his already lubed ass (Thank you Marie!). His hips jerked involuntarily and I had to lift my lips from his shaft for fear of being gagged by his very hard cock from his quick movement. I slowly and noisily sucked my way up and down his cock as one of my fingers began to slip inside his wet hole. 

Almost panicked he said, "What are you doing? No. No." His still rigid dick slipped noisily from my lips as I pushed my finger deeper inside him. 

"You don't like this? Oh come, on. Your cock is sooo very, very hard." I sucked the tip of his cock, tasting more of his precum. "And it's leaking." I added showing him the white spot on my outstretched tongue. 

I made a slight show of swallowing the small amount of jism and his cock jerked in appreciation. "Mmm. Tasty."

He moaned and I saw his fingers gripping tightly onto the sheets as my finger pushed further inside him. "Wow. You are wet. Did Lisa and I interrupt something especially fun?" I asked him playfully while I slid my finger back and then slowly pushed deeper inside him. 

"Oh fuck! What are you doing? I told you I was not interested." He stammered. 

"Oh really?" I asked while watching his cock ooze more precum of which I licked up quickly, showing him his cum on my tongue before I swallowed. "I would say we are close friends now and you can be more honest with me, I think." My finger inside him began a slow and steady motion of sliding in and out of him. 

"All right. All right. I admit it." He nervously said while sliding his hips away from me and pulling himself along the bed. "Yes. Marie has been fucking me and I do like it. But she is a woman and I am not gay." He curled up into himself sitting upright on the bed, his knees close together. 

"I am not gay either though I definitely like it when Lisa fucks me. But I won't readily admit it to her." I was talking casually to him while I removed my sneakers and sat on the bed with him. 

"What are you doing?" He asked nervously.

"I am getting comfortable." I calmly replied while removing my socks and then standing to remove my clothes.

My profile was clearly viewable in the mirror and I watched as Mike scanned all of my nude body, while he meekly protested. Grabbing a condom from the dresser, I turned and faced him, my eyes locked on his cock while I stroked my own.

"You are still hard." I said as I crawled on the bed, my knees parting his legs.

I was now close enough to him so I can hold his cock and move so our shafts caressed in my hands. Stroking our cocks, I watched his eyes and felt his body tremble. He did not protest when I let go of our cocks, covered my seven-inch dick with a condom, and grabbed his ass cheeks. He was shaking when I gently lifted his hips and aimed my cock head at his ass.

Mike excitedly brought one hand to stop me but I guided his fingers to his very hard cock. 

"Stroke your dick for me, please. I want to watch you pleasure yourself. I want to watch you enjoy this moment." I smoothly spoke to him as my cock head touched his anal opening, wet from Marie's earlier lubing.

While watching me with an intense look, he took hold of his cock and squeezed it hard. 

"Relax." I told him, as my cock head pressed against his butt hole. 

With my free hand I helped him ease the choke hold he had on his dick. Together, we stroked his hard dick as my cock head pressed inside him. He let out a gasp as I pushed past the rim and I held steady until he calmed himself.

"Oh, fuuuck." Mike exhaled and his hands fell to his sides as he felt my cock head push inside him, followed by a couple inches of my shaft.

He was smiling and enjoying the moment as I stroked his cock and eased myself into him, one inch at a time. I watched him slide his hands to his hips, then his thighs, then to his inner thighs, lifting up his legs as if to welcome more me inside him.

I put one hand on the bed to steady myself as the other held onto his cock as I slowly drove deeper and deeper into his ass. He whimpered slightly but kept his hands on his thighs, driving them higher into the sky as I pushed and eased out and pushed inside him again and again. On every second or third push of my cock into him, I would fuck him deeper and deeper until finally my balls brushed along his ass cheeks.

"YESS!" Mike screamed aloud, knowing I was fully in him. "FUCK ME NOW!" 

I smiled at him and drove inside him hard and fast. My hips pumping wildly propelled my cock forward and deep. I felt his hips meeting my thrusts and his rock hard cock became harder and was now dark red, ready to explode. Watching his cock, I became increasingly aware I was about to let loose with an intense orgasm. I wanted to wait until I watched him shoot before I let go with my own torrent of cum.

"Cum in my ass! Please! I am soo fucking close!!" Mike almost begged and his breaths were coming in gasps as I pumped his cock with my hand as I fucked his ass.

The moment my eyes met his, I felt his cock lurch and I came as well. I looked down and watched as spurt after spurt shot from his piss slit onto our bellies. I forcefully pushed forward and moaned out loud while filling the condom with my seed. I continued to saw his ass until my climax ended. Looking at the satisfied look on Mike's face, I then trailed my gaze to our wet bodies, cum-speckled from his explosion.

I eased my softening cock out of his ass, slid the spent condom off me and tossed it to the floor. Mike relaxed the death grip he had on his calves and collapsed on the bed. Nearly exhausted myself and with Mike's legs on either side of my knees, I had no choice but to land on top of him. Our cocks were slick with cum as they slid across each other.

Mike's hands slid around my neck and I held his head between my fingers. He noticed one side of his face was slick with his cum and he tilted so he could lick his cum from my fingers. He opened his mouth to show me how much cum he collected and I instinctively flicked my tongue to taste him.