 INTRODUCTION

My Administrative Assistant Cathleen and I had been having and affair for the past five years. For us it was pure recreational sex. We never kissed on the lips but our mouths were every where else on our bodies. It had started innocently enough at a management retreat that lasted three days. We had both had a little too much to drink one evening and Cathleen ended up in my hotel room. By the time the three days were up my cock had been in her ass, mouth and pussy. My mouth had also been all over her body; kissing and sucking her tits and nipples; rimming her hot ass and eating her tasty pussy. After that retreat we continued the affair and had sex in the office, romantic interludes, in the car and other public places.

Over the years we had actually worked out a routine. Cathleen took and aerobic class on Tuesday and Thursday evenings and on Tuesday after class we met at a romantic interlude motel. We always opted for the room with the Jacuzzi and we had hours of great sex. On Thursdays after aerobics we often had sex in my car. Cathleen loved it when I pulled her aerobic stretch pants down and bared her gorgeous ass. I would usually end up fucking her in the ass and eating her pussy. Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays are sex was conducted in my office. It would depend how much time I had available on a particular day as to whether she sucked my cock or I fucked her pussy or ass. I would always reciprocate by eating her pussy whenever she sucked me off or I butt fucked her. 

During the course of our affair, Cathleen and I had two threesomes; one with my close friend Ken when he was in town and the other time with her former aerobic instructor Jenny. We weren't even thinking about another threesome until a cute girl named Suzette came into our lives. On Fridays after work we would stop for a drink at our favorite watering hole and on evening Cathleen invited Suzette to join us.

Suzette and Cathleen met at the aerobics class and Cathleen learned that Suzette worked in the graphics department. I had never seen Suzette around the building bit then graphics was in a remote location. After aerobics Cathleen on Thursday, Cathleen came back to the office as she always did wearing her aerobic outfit. I always got turned on when I saw her round, firm shapely ass encased in her tights. That evening Suzette came with Cathleen and I was introduced to her.

Suzette was a cute young woman at the age of 25. She reminded me of the movie actress Jacqueline Bisset although she was not as pretty as the actress. Still she was cute and she was built similar with all the bumps in the right places. Suzette had the same angular facial features as the actress and I was sure that she was of French descent. She was a little shy around me, a trait that actually turned me on. I checked out her figure while she was talking with Cathleen and I guessed it to be 34-24-34. She was about 5'6" and she could not have weighed more than 110 pounds. Her legs and ass looked good and I guessed her tits to be 34B. 

Cathleen told Suzette that we had some things to do but that she should join us for cocktails on Friday evening. Suzette was thrilled to be invited and then she left the office. "I hope you were okay with me inviting her for tomorrow evening. She shared with me that she doesn't date much and she had nothing going on," Cathleen offered.

"Oh sure it's okay. She is kind of cute in her own way and she has a nice figure," I replied.

Cathleen and I then left the office and headed to my car. Within minutes she was laying face down on the reclined passenger seat with her lubed up ass ready to receive my stiff cock. I didn't last long as I never did when I was in her ass and I shot a substantial load into her. Then she rolled over and I dove in and ate her pussy. Minutes later we were on our way home in our own cars.

FRIDAY WITH SUZETTE

That Friday turned out to be a zoo at the office and I didn't have a minute to myself. I even worked through lunch and by the time the work day was over I was ready for a drink. I didn't even have time for one of Cathleen's fantastic blow jobs that day. As I headed over to the watering hole I thought about Joannie and Phyllis and what they might be up that weekend. I had been dating both of them occasionally and I hoped one of them might be available on Saturday.

When I arrived at the watering hole I located Cathleen and Suzette hanging out together. Suzette didn't know any of the regulars so she had stayed close to Cathleen. They both smiled and waved when they spotted me. When I got to their table I noticed that Cathleen had a drink waiting for me, Johnny Walker Black on the rocks with a water back. I greeted both girls and then took a sip of my drink.

"Thanks for having that ready," I said.

"I knew you would be ready after the day you put in," Cathleen replied with a mock toast.

"Thanks for letting me tag along," Suzette said blushing slightly.

"No problem, glad you could join us," I told her.

Cathleen and I knew most of the people from the office that were there but Suzette had never met any of them. I looked at Suzette and she was wearing a very conservative outfit that did nothing for her. One would never know that she had a cute shapely figure under her full length dress. The dress hung loosely on her and it was unflattering. I thought to myself. "No wonder she doesn't have anything going on."

After a couple of hours Cathleen had to leave and get home. She said goodbye to Suzette and me and then left the bar. Suzette was at first nervous with me by herself but she soon relaxed. "I hope that I wasn't a third wheel tonight," she said.

"Don't be silly, Cathleen is married," I answered assuming that Suzette did not know about the affair. No one in the office knew about the affair.

"Oh I didn't mean it that way. I know that you know most everyone here and I didn't want to be in the way. If you want to visit with other people don't worry about me," she offered meekly.

"Don't worry about it. I see these folks all the time and besides I enjoy your company," I told her.

Suzette blushed again and then said, "Cathleen told me that you thought that I was cute and that I had a nice figure. I had forgotten that you saw me in my aerobic outfit."

"She told you that huh? Well it's true you do have a cute figure but one would never know it with that dress you have on," I replied being honest with her.

"I always wear conservative clothes to the office," she admitted blushing again.

"You should think about changing that if you want to attract some guys," I suggested.

Suzette blushed again and then sipped her white wine. I finished my third drink and that was enough before I drove home. "I'm going to take off. Do you want me to introduce you to some people before I leave," I offered.

"No that's okay, I'm going to leave too," she replied.

"Okay, I'll walk you to your car," I told her.

"Thanks!"

I paid the tab and then we left the bar together. I walked Suzette over to her car and waited until she unlocked it. "Thank you so much," she said and then she hugged me.

I put my arms around her and hugged her back. I like the feel of her firm slender body and I felt my loins stir briefly. At that moment I had the urge to kiss her. I moved my head around hers and fastened my lips to hers. I felt her tremble in my arms as she returned the kiss. Taking it to the next step I slipped my tongue in her mouth and she gasped in my mouth and trembled in my arms. Then we broke the kiss and I looked into her dark brown eyes that seemed to sparkle with desire.

"I was going to say goodnight but it doesn't have to end if you don't want it to," I whispered.

"If you come to my place will you be discreet in the office. I don't want it all over the building that we slept together," she questioned nervously.

"I would never do that. What we do outside the office is our business," I assured her.

"Will you follow me home then?" she asked.

"Absolutely, it will be my pleasure," I accepted.

I went to my car and then followed Suzette to her apartment. She only lived about 20 minutes from the bar and it was an easy drive. I was looking forward to seeing that cute figure again but this time without any clothes impeding it. When we got to the apartment complex I parked in the visitor space and walked over to Suzette's car. Then the two of us walked to her apartment. Once in her bedroom we wasted no time getting undressed. Suzette got in the bed and lay back as I took in her figure. She was in great shape. She had nice legs, a narrow waist, great abs and nice tits. I looked at her pubes and noticed the light brown tuft of hair above her pussy.

I walked over to the bed and sat on the side of it. I stroked Suzette's shapely legs and luscious thighs. My hand drifted up to her mound and I felt that she was wet with desire. She smiled at me as I fingered her pussy and licked my fingers clean of her juices. She took my cock in her hand and stared at it briefly.

"You're big," she sighed.

"No that big," I replied but I was pleased with my package. Cathleen measured it once and told me that I was just under 8" long and 5" around.

Then Suzette opened her arms and welcomed me into her body for the first time. I slipped between her thighs and slid my hard cock into her quim. Suzette uttered an audible gasp as I hit bottom. I began to fuck her slowly and eased my cock almost all the way out of her pussy before plunging it back in. She was lost in the lust of the moment.

"Oh that's it fuck me, fuck me slow, fuck me good, fuck me forever," she whispered.

I was surprised to hear her use the fuck word. Just hearing her asking me to fuck her was an incredible turn-on for me and I picked up my pace. Suzette threw her hips up at me as if to try and get me deeper in her cunt. I felt my orgasm approaching but I didn't want to cum before she did so I tried to slow down.

"No, no don't stop, fuck me faster, I'm so close," Suzette begged.

I picked up the pace again as we both raced toward our orgasms. I don't know who came first because we were so close but Suzette wrapped her legs around me and humped me for all she was worth as I spurted my seed deep in her womb. We continued to fuck each other until we were drained. I collapsed on top of Suzette and she didn't seem to mind my weight as she held me and cried out. 

"Oh thank you, thank you," she said over and over.

I rolled off of Suzette and lay next to her on the bed. She smiled at me and then snuggled in closer. We talked for the next several minutes and she told me that she was happy that we got together. I learned that her mother was French and her father was Italian descent. As I lay next to her I caressed her breasts, neck and arms, teasing her skin with my fingernails and tongue. Suzette made a low, drawn out sound. Deciding that I'd teased her enough I started on her naked breasts. As I sucked her warm flesh into my mouth and rolled a nipple between my teeth, Suzette let out a moan of pleasure.

Suzette then moved down the bed, gently took hold of my cock and took me into her mouth, rolling my cock around and getting it wet with her saliva, while her hand worked my shaft up and down at the same time. Seconds later, she straddled me. Her hand wrapped around my now slippery cock and I felt the tickle of her pubic hair just before her soft flesh nudged my helmet and then it was suddenly engulfed by the heat and tightness of her pussy.

Suzette grabbed hold of the top of the head board on either side of my head as I held onto her hips. She rocked her hips back and forth, pressing downwards and working the walls of her pussy as I slid into her further. The next motion of her hips caused her to gasp in pleasure as my full length penetrated her. She began to work up and down, back and forth as she moaned in pleasure. She felt particularly tight in this position and the unhurried pace felt sensuous and wonderful. Suzette continued to ride me at a slow, even pace as I relaxed and let her take charge. As she fucked herself on me I could hear the smacking and sucking sound of her pussy as my cock moved around inside her. 

Her firm medium sized breasts jiggled as Suzette picked up the pace. She pushed her hips down until our groins met and then lifted up until just the swollen tip of my cock remained inside her. She seemed to know just how far to move so that my cock never slipped out of her pussy. Her thigh muscles felt firm and tight under my hands as she worked her body on me. The speed of our groins slapping together increased as fucked faster and harder. We really had our rhythm going now and I thrust up into her as she lowered herself on me. Her pussy contracted around my cock as her eyes fluttered and she emitted a high pitch scream. Suzette grabbed onto my shoulders as she rode out her orgasm. 

Suzette covered my face with kisses and then plunged her tongue into my mouth. As she kissed me she murmured softly into my neck and shoulders. She thanked me over and over as she held herself tightly to me. We stayed in that position for several minutes with her limp body on top of mine. Then she spoke in a whisper.

"Would like to stay the night? I would like it if you stayed with me," she said softly.

"I would love to stay the night," I accepted her offer.

Suzette then got off of me and moved to her side pressing her curvy bottom into me. I wrapped my arm around her body and located her breast. I pulled her tightly to me as I caressed her breast and played with her erect nipple. We both fell asleep in that position.

SATURDAY WITH SUZETTE

Saturday morning I woke up first and looked at the cute young woman lying next to me in bed. She looked so angelic sleeping on her back with her cute firm tits poking up in the hair and her hot pussy on display. I eased her legs apart and lowered my mouth to her vulva. I teased her with my tongue until her pussy heated up and glistened with moisture. She started to stir and reached down to her pussy only to find my head between her legs. She opened her legs wider giving me easier access to her luscious pussy.

I located her clit and brought a soft moan to her lips as I nibbled it gently. I then inserted a thick finger into her pussy and continued to tease her hard clit. Her pussy was getting wetter and wetter and she started to move her hips with a desire to cum. That was the signal that I was waiting for and I moved my body up and knelt between her legs. I lined up my erect cock with Suzette's sopping wet cunt and eased it in. Her face tensed with the anticipation of my big cock filling her pussy. I loved to watch my cock slide into a hot pussy and see the expression on my lover's face as the cock spread her wider.

I fucked her slowly at first as I usually did and then I began to pick up the pace. Soon I was pounding her pussy and fucking her into submission. Suzette had orgasm after orgasm as I relentlessly fucked her. I just kept at her with my piss hard-on until she screamed and pleaded with me to stop. Suzette's body convulsed in a mind blowing orgasm and then she went limp on the bed. I smiled to myself and eased my cock out of her well fucked pussy. I got up and went into the bathroom to pee and take a shower.  

As I was in the shower Suzette came in and joined me. We soaped each other's bodies and my cock was rock hard at attention. "You're in great shape," she told me.

I smiled at her and I was proud of my fitness. At age 38, 6'1" and 190 pounds I felt very fit. Suzette knew that I hadn't cum yet that morning so with a smile she dropped to her knees and took my cock in her mouth. She only took about five inches in her mouth and stroked the rest of it with her delicate hand.

"Let me know when you are about to cum. I don't want you to cum in my mouth," she told me.

I just nodded and told her that I was close. Suzette kept sucking me and jerking me off until I put my hand on her head as a signal that I was close. She took me out of her mouth and jerked me off with her hand. Cum flew out of my cock and sprayed her shoulders and tits. My semen splashed against her tits and neck as she guided my cock away from her face. The shower water washed the semen away as quickly as it hit her body. 

Suzette stood up, kissed me and then said, "Wow that was some load."

We dried off and wrapped the towels around our bodies. "I want to stay naked all day and have sex whenever we want to," Suzette said with a giggle.

"That's great but first we need some breakfast. Let's get dressed and I'll take you to my favorite spot," I offered.

We got dressed and I wore my suit slacks and button down collar dress shirt. It was the best I could do since it was all I had to wear. Suzette wore slacks and a tube top at my urging. The slacks fit her nicely and showed off her curvy ass and her tits perked up under the tube top. The outline of her tits was clearly visible and her nipples poked through the material. Suzette blushed at first but she soon got used to being in public without a bra. I drove over to this French bakery and coffee shop which I dearly loved.

At the French coffee shop we ordered café lattes and breakfast. I had a soft boiled egg with an order of fresh baked bread. Suzette ordered a fruit tort which she said was to die for. We had a leisurely breakfast and then ordered two more lattes. Over our second cup of coffee we decided on the rest of the day.

"I just want to go back to my place, get naked and make love," Suzette whispered and added, "I want o be naked with you all day."

I chuckled at her suggestion and then asked, "What about dinner? Would you like to go out tonight?"

"No let's just call out for pizza or Chinese and eat in," she suggested.

"Okay, why don't we pick up a couple of movies and call out for dinner. We can stay naked watching the movies and eating dinner," I told her.

Suzette blushed again as she nodded her agreement. We finished our coffees and then I picked up some French bread, coffee and fruit torts for breakfast tomorrow. Suzette and I then stopped at the video store and picked out a couple of movies. Then we returned to her apartment where we got naked and got in bed again. We made love for over an hour and Suzette had multiple orgasms before we stopped to rest. 

We moved to the living room to watch one of the movies and have a couple of drinks. As we watched the movie Suzette cuddled up to me and played with my cock as I stroked her body and fondled her tits. We managed to make it through the movie before we fucked again. Later we called out for Chinese food and watched the second movie. After dinner and cleanup, Suzette cuddled up to me again as we continued watching the second movie. 

She stretched out on her sofa on her belly with her head near my lap. Suzette played with my cock and then alternately licked and sucked on it. I looked down her back and noticed her fine ass again. I reached over and caressed her curvy ass as she continued to work on my cock. I suspected that she had never had anal sex but then again I had to ask.

"Suzette you have a sweet ass. Have you ever done anal?" I asked her.

"No and please don't try," she said guardedly as she looked up from my cock.

"Don't worry I won't if you don't want me to," I agreed.

"Let's go back to bed," she requested.

"Gladly," I agreed.

We went back to her bedroom and then we made love until we were both drained and sexually sated. Suzette cuddled up to me as she had the night before. She pushed her shapely ass into my groin and I reached around her body. Once again we fell asleep in the spoon position. I loved the feel of her firm curvy ass against me and secretly wished that she would let me in her ass, hopefully in due time.

SUNDAY WITH SUZETTE

I woke up Sunday morning next to Suzette and I looked at her sleeping form next to me. She was sound asleep and she looked very peaceful as she lay there. In spite of my normal morning erection, I eased my naked body out of bed and went into the bathroom. I took my morning pee and decided to shave since I had not on Saturday. I located a safety razor and used soapy water to lather my face. Then I located my undershorts, threw them on and headed to the kitchen. I made coffee with the brew that I purchased at the French café and I sliced up some bread for myself. 
