 It had been a few years since my last DP experience and I was way overdue! Since I had missed many an opportunity in the past, I decided that I wasn't going to pass it up last night. Jason and I were having dinner and drinks with friends when he started texting me that he wanted to stick his cock in my ass and make me moan. Well this type of talk got my juices flowing and my mind racing. Squirming in my seat with my pants soaked from my oozing pussy, I made our excuses and headed for the door. On the drive home I was thinking about our friend Kevin. He's the male half of a couple that we swing with and he's been itching to DP me. Not having fully discussed this mental plan with Jason, I waited until we arrived home and I was naked on the bed dying to be touched. I asked Jason, my sexy loving husband, if I could have two cocks for the night. He smiled this knowing smile and said "Sure babe, whatever you want."

I sent Angel a text and asked if her husband, Kevin could come over and play. With her blessing, I asked him to get his ass to my house and walk right in as the door was open. While I waited on Kevin, I gave Jason an exquisite blow job while he fingered my soaked pussy. Getting worked up really fast, I needed to take a break for some wine. While I was at the kitchen counter, Jason bent me over and plunged his hard cock into my dripping cunt. Holding on to the counter as he pounded my pussy, I felt his hand slap my ass with a sting as the front door opened at the same time. Looking up, I noticed Kevin practically running for the bedroom. I snickered as I yelled his name. Jason went outside for one last smoke while I dragged Kevin to the bedroom. I needed him to be worked up and ready to go as I couldn't wait much longer.

With deep kisses and loud moans, I practically ripped his clothes off. Kevin's nice cock was already hard and I knew then and there that this was going to be a great ride! Sitting on the edge of the bed, Kevin plunged his cock into my now dripping pussy and proceeded to fuck me nice and hard. Meanwhile, my patience to have two cocks in me was growing thin. Where the fuck was Jason? Kevin moved me on the bed and was fucking me when I noticed Jason over my head and I moaned with delight as I get to have cocks at each end of me. Tilting my head straight back, Jason slid his cock down my throat. I had to arch my neck to take his cock deeper until I felt it hit the back of my throat with a slick sliding action. Mmmmmm....two cocks pumping in and out was heaven. But it's still not what I wanted.

Asking Jason to get between my thighs and prep my ass, he got this knowing smile again. (Prepping the ass is important gentlemen. Nothing worse than being ripped in two by an overanxious prick who can't wait to stick his cock in your ass.) While Jason worked a lubed finger in and out of my ass, Kevin was fucking my face with his cock. Pumping in and out of my mouth as Jason worked my ass, I couldn't take it any more! I had to have them both in me at the same time. I swear Kevin's cock got harder in my mouth as he watched Jason put his slick cock in my ass inch by inch. Moaning with the fullness of him in my tight ass, my pussy started to twitch with anticipation. Damn this was going to be good.

Jason lay on his back as I straddled him and guided his cock into my nicely stretched ass. Facing away from Jason, I lay back atop him as Kevin got in-between my open thighs and guided his ever-growing cock into my pussy. Oh my God was I full! Two hard cocks from two hard bodied men were penetrating my pulsing pussy and my slick tight ass. I was moaning like I was this porno star who was begging to be violated and getting my wish in spades. Jason wrapped his arms around me and grabbed my shoulders to push my body down on his cock buried in my ass while Kevin held open my legs as he drove his cock home in my pussy. The friction of these sliding cocks on my innermost walls drove me insane. In fact it drove me to the edge and threw me off wish such abandon that I came almost instantly. My whole body shook violently while my pussy and ass tightened so much that I was sure I would fall off of Jason. He held me tight as Kevin continued to pound my pussy. 

Needing to change positions due to a hip cramp, I lay Kevin on his back as I straddled him facing down. He plunged into my pussy as Jason plowed my ass again. This time Kevin and Jason were moving in the same motion which made me yell with pleasure. The two cocks separated by a thin membrane wall were moving in sync causing such a sensation I almost came again. Jason's swelling cock needed release and he wasn't getting it in that position. Lying on my side with my knees almost to my chest, Jason entered my ass with such abandon that I thought for sure he'd bust his load right away. To my surprise he ordered me to suck Kevin's cock while he plowed my ass. Mmmmm....two cocks on opposite ends again. I likes! Jason grabbed my hips and pounded my ass while Kevin fucked my mouth like it was the deepest pussy he's ever had. Penetrating both ends of me, Jason was the first to unload. My tight ass oozed his hot cum as he pulled out and collapsed. Kevin flipped me on all fours and buried his cock deep in my pussy. Grabbing my hips like it was the ride of his life Kevin shot his load deep in my dripping pussy as Jason looked on. Mmmm...satisfaction!

Freshly fucked and happy to have what I wanted, I couldn't wait to do it again. Two cocks, one girl and one hell of a night! I love it!