 ONE COCK AT FIRST

Cherry glistened with the baby oil we'd rubbed all over her. She grunted in a rhythm as Mike and I double-penetrated her. Her pussy clenched around my cock every time Mike plunged his cock into her ass. Her moans of wanton pleasure could give a dead man a boner. 

Cherry had a two-cock slut fantasy and I'd made it come true. It started with Cherry and myself getting together for a sex session and from there she met Mike and then we progressed to the current moment where she was ecstatically impaled on our cocks.

I'd met Cherry in an AOL chat room. We swapped pictures and chatted candidly about sex. After numerous salacious IM exchanges I popped the question and asked her if she'd like to meet me for an afternoon of erotic exploration. She went for it. During our chats I'd mentioned that I liked using toys on women while I gave them head. Cherry said she'd never experienced a vibrator. I didn't know whether to believe it or not. I told her I'd bring a toy or two to our encounter.

I flew up from L.A. to San Francisco airport to meet her for our fuck session. I was pleased that she looked just like the photo she'd e-mailed to me. She drove me to a local restaurant for a spot of early lunch. She put her hand on my thigh frequently while we sat in the booth and made short work of the meal. I was hungry for a taste of Cherry and she obviously had an appetite too. Then we headed to the motel for the dessert. 

Cherry was a sexy Filipino doll, petite (5-1) and a bit chubby, but pleasingly so. Her breasts were hefty and she had large, lovely-to-lick nipples. She had a clit like a small marble, which made it easy to tongue her to ecstasy. She watched with interest as I took out the two vibrators I'd brought along. Both were smooth, one about 7 inches long, a bit over an inch in diameter, the other about half that length and more slender, making its purpose obvious.

"You'll get your chance with these soon enough," I told her. She giggled a bit nervously.

"How about we start you off with a massage?" I offered.

I put her prone on the bed and began oiling her with the massage oil I had her bring. It's nice to massage a woman a bit before eating and fucking her. They get relaxed and aroused at the same time. I planned to get Cherry very relaxed before I started to eat her pussy. It was all part of the plan. I wanted to see just how far I could take her and how wanton she'd get. After a generous back rub I turned her over and oiled her tummy and breasts as I knelt between her spread legs. I massaged her this way for a while and then lightly probed her now-swollen clit with a forefinger. Now it was tongue time.

With both hands I spread her vaginal lips as wide as I could and started tongue-snaking her passion pea. At that moment I discovered that Cherry was a loud lady in bed. I'm a skilled cunnilinguist and the tongue is often mightier than the cock to make a woman surrender sexually and throb in orgasmic ecstasy. I planned on tonguing her to orgasm before giving her any penetration whatsoever. She howled and moaned as my tongue and lips nibbled her clit unmercifully. It wasn't long before she climaxed with a series of screams – but I was only starting. I wanted to give her the oral thrill of her life before she even got an inch of my cock. I continued to eat her as she quivered and licked the middle finger of my right hand, and then slowly inserted it into her anus. She didn't fight it at all.

"Great," I thought in anticipatory delight, "She'll be ready for an anal probe soon."

I continued to finger her butt hole and tongue her clit and Cherry quickly exploded again in a gasping climax.

"Having fun, baby?" I asked, momentarily raising from my oral endeavors but keeping my finger in her little hole.

"Oh Jesus, Paul" she panted, "you can fuck me whenever you want!"

It wasn't time to fuck yet. "Let's try this a while, baby," I said while maneuvering her atop me for some 69 fun.

I wanted to check out her oral skills and also introduce her to some electro-sex stimulation. 

"It's time for you to meet your little electric friends, Cherry."

She didn't answer because she was busily sucking me. Her pussy was dripping wet from both her love juices and my saliva. I turned on the bigger vibe and began rubbing her clit with it while continuing to tongue her. She bucked, shuddered and moaned from the combined vibe and tongue treatment. Now it was time for penetration.

I turned the vibe up to the max and slid its 7-inch length all the way into her cunt. She immediately let out a grunt/gasp as her head popped off my cock. I slid it in and out of her quickly in time with my tongue flicking her clit. She came like a string of firecrackers exploding, sucking my cock frantically between orgasmic howls. I continued to vibe and tongue her and then I inserted a middle finger into her ass. Cherry continued sucking me and moaning and quivering. I took my finger out of her ass, grabbed the smaller vibe, licked it to lube it, and turned it on. I kept the bigger vibe all the way up her pussy while I slowly pushed the smaller one into her ass. She screamed in pleasure and then dived down on my cock, sucking as if her life depended on it.

"Yeah, she's slut material," I thought to myself as I continued to double penetrate her with the toys and tongue her at the same time.

She shivered and quivered and came so noisily that I thought for sure someone was going to complain to the management about it. I half-expected the mirror on the dresser to crack. After a while of DP-ing her with the vibes and tonguing her I was time to fuck her. I pulled the toys out of her and put her on her back. I unwrapped a condom, slid it on my cock and entered her.

Cherry was great fun to fuck. She had a bit of cushion for pushin' since she was a bit plump, but for a woman who'd had three kids she had a very tight pussy. I enjoyed myself for a while doing her missionary style, just sliding up and down into her tight little love box. She was just cruising during this part, getting her breath back and being content with a cock in her. I was thinking about my next move with her. After a few minutes it was time to turn her over and put her on all fours.

When it comes to fucking I believe that you discover a woman's slut potential when you do her doggy-style. Will they take a finger up the ass? After the finger (or two) up the ass will they allow a cock in? Can you turn them around so they'll suck you off while still on all fours?

As I fucked her from behind I picked up the bigger vibe, turned it on and slid it into her pussy. Cherry got very loud again as I simultaneously slam-fucked her with my cock and the vibe.

"Oh God, Paul!!" she screamed over and over as she orgasmed from the relentless pussy DP I gave her.

My balls were starting to clench and I knew I was going to explode very soon. I pulled my cock and the vibe out of her and stuck a forefinger in her pussy. The size difference made her cunt muscles contract around my finger. I re-entered her with my condomed cock and fucked her furiously. She moaned from the boning and after a minute or two I felt the gratifying cock spasms and throbbed out my cum load as I stayed buried to the hilt in her pussy. I pulled out of her after I was finished and then Cherry sprawled belly-down, breathing heavily. I peeled the rubber off my still-stiff dick and wiped off with a towel.

Cherry turned over and grinned, "So that's what vibrators do."

"You liked it, didn't you?" I asked.

"It was fantastic," she said, grinning salaciously like the well-fucked lady she was.

"You'll get more, sweetie," I assured her.

We took a break for a few minutes, cleaned up a bit and then it was back to sex, because that's what we were there for in the first place. This time I started her off with a "mustache ride" as she sat on my face and I busily tongued her hard, round clit. She moaned, screamed, twitched and bucked as she went through several orgasmic stages. I slid two fingers into her pussy and another up her ass as I licked her to erotic bliss. Now I wanted her to ride me for a while.

"Put a condom on me with your mouth," I instructed her.

She put it on my dick and slowly rolled it down with her lips.

"Go ahead and practice a bit, baby," I told her as she began to suck on me while I reached over and grabbed the smaller vibrator. I squeezed a bit of lube onto it.

"Time for you to be a cowgirl, Cherry baby," I told her, easing her head up and moving her atop me.

I let her ride me upright for a bit as I played with her boobs. She bounced happily up and down, emitting her now-familiar erotic sounds. I pulled her down so her breasts were against my chest and picked up the small vibrator and turned it on. As I fucked her from underneath I slowly inserted it into her ass, feeling its buzz on my cock through the rear wall of her pussy.

"Oh, that feels so good," she gasped.

I used a finger to keep the toy all the way in her ass as I pumped away. 

While I had her on top of me with the vibe buzzing in her ass I told her I thought it would be great if she had sex with me and another guy at the same time.

"That would be so hot," she moaned. "I've thought about it since we chatted about it."

"You'd be terrific with two guys, Cherry. I know you could handle it and you'd drain us dry."

We'd chatted online about threesomes and Cherry told me about the two occasions some years before when she'd twice had sex with her hubby and one of his co-workers. She said that it was a thrill for her but not too satisfying. The first time didn't last very long because her husband and the other guy were fairly drunk and came too quickly and only once. The second time her husband fucked her once, came and then left her alone with his work friend who fucked her one-on-one for a while. Cherry said the friend fucked her decently but that's all it was. What I had in mind for Cherry was a threesome that would erase her inhibitions and explode her orgasmic threshold. As I pumped away with her on top and the vibe buzzing in her ass I visualized her getting double penetration. I slid the vibrator in and out of her ass in time with my cock thrusts, seeing her in my mind's eye with a pair of stiff cocks stabbing into her in a frenzied rhythm.

"Wouldn't this be fun with another guy instead of the toy?" I suggested.

"Oh yeah, Paul," she sighed, and continued to buck her hips in time with my thrusts.

She rode me for a bit longer as I continued to vibe her asshole while she played like a slutty little cowgirl. Now I wanted to fuck her in the ass while using the larger vibe on her pussy. I slid her off me and moved around to get behind her.

"Let's try this for a while, baby. I'm sure you'll like it."

Cherry just sighed contentedly and stuck her rear upwards like a cat in heat. I plunged my cock into her pussy and stuck the small vibe into her willing asshole.

"You've got a submissive streak, don't you, Cherry?" I said.

"I do," she gasped as I continued to cock-and-vibe DP her.

I picked up the larger vibrator that was lying on the bed and slathered it with Astroglide. It was obvious that the more Cherry came, the more "pliable" she became. I pulled the smaller vibe out of her ass and slid my cock in. I turned the larger toy to full power and slid it into her cunt as I plowed her butt. Cherry's cries got even louder as her butt hole squeezed around my cock while the vibe rattled her pussy into spasms.

"I love this, I love this," she groaned.

I knew right then that I'd conquered her sexually. I knew that she'd be my little DP slut and she'd willingly service me and another guy.

"You like it aggressive, don't you, Cherry?" I asked her as I fucked her asshole. "I'll bet you'd like me and another guy to fuck you like this, wouldn't you?"

"Yeah, I love what you're doing to me," she gasped.

"It'd be even better with two hot cocks for you, baby." I said. "You'd come even more than you are now."

I didn't want to come right then so I slowed down and pulled out of her, but I kept the vibe in her pussy. I slid under her and tongued her clit while continuing to vibe away on her pussy. Cherry twitched, heaved and howled. I slid the vibe out of her vagina and up into her butt hole. Cherry grunted and moaned as I slid its seven-inch length in and out of her ass while I tongued her clit and she exploded orgasmically once again. I decided it was time for a short break. Cherry flopped over onto her back, panting and flushed from her multiple orgasms. I peeled off the condom and got over her with my cock pointing at her face. I pinned her hands with mine.

"Put my cock in your mouth and play with it a bit, baby." "I don't want to come, I just want you to be a little creative."

I pressed my cock into her mouth and Cherry started sucking.

"Use your tongue, baby, roll it around my dick," I ordered her. "Show me you love it."

She complied willingly and began to use her tongue and lips to play with my cock. I grabbed her hair and rolled her head around as her mouth played with me. After a few minutes I climbed off and told her we were going to take a break for a few minutes. I opened up a bottle of wine I'd brought along and poured us each a glass. Cherry giggled and said it didn't take much to give her a buzz.

"You've been buzzed a bit already," I said with a leer, which brought a blush to her face.

"You've got an honest lust, Cherry," I told her. "You're a lotta fun to fuck."

"I like it," she answered.

She went on to tell me that she just didn't get enough from her husband and there were times that she needed a stiff cock very badly.

"I'm not the only guy you've fucked from the Internet, am I?" I asked.

"No, you're not."

"How many have there been?"

Cherry begged off answering and I let it go. 

"You'd like a threesome with me and another guy, wouldn't you? You've got a subby streak and you'd really be able to play that role with a pair of aggressive cocks," I told her.

Cherry agreed and said she'd had a fantasy for some time about being in a motel room with two guys who were very aggressive sexually with her. She said she'd like to be blindfolded while the guys took turns fucking her, among other things. Hearing this from her stiffened me up again. We finished the wine and I started fingering her clit. Cherry moaned and spread her legs. It was time to fuck again.

I slipped a condom on my cock and slid into her and fucked her missionary-style for a bit. Then I went down on her and gave her another tongue/toy treatment and as expected she again exploded in a series of screaming orgasms. I turned her over and put a bit of lube onto her butt hole. I slowly entered her ass and met no resistance. "She's gonna make a terrific little slut," I thought as I began to pump her ass.

"It'd be great if you had a guy to suck on while I fucked you like this, wouldn't it?" I asked her.

"Oh yeah," she sighed. "I'd love to have two guys to do me."

Hearing her say that made me fuck her slutty little asshole harder.

"You'd keep us hard for hours, baby" I grunted. "I'm gonna set it up and you'll get the fucking of your life."

I pulled out of her ass and slid the rubber off my dick. "Turn around, Cherry" I told her. Cherry turned and faced me, still on all fours. "You know what I want," I told her. Cherry needed no further prompting. She immediately swallowed my cock.

"Keep your hands on the bed," I ordered her.

I put my hands on the sides of her head and held it still while I pumped my cock in and out of her mouth. I could feel the sperm start to rise out of my balls. I took one of her hands and placed it on my cock.

"Go ahead and move me in and out," I told her.

She made the 'OK' sign around the base of my cock and slid me in and out of her mouth. "Keep that up, baby, I'm gonna come real soon," I groaned.

She increased the tempo, sucking and jerking me as I moaned with pleasure. She knew she had me and she knew she was going to finish me off. I wanted to see how she'd do it. My balls contracted and I felt the orgasmic spasms beginning.

"I'm coming, baby!" I cried out.

As I started to spurt she straightened up and pumped me out onto her boobs. I twitched and shuddered as my sperm shot out onto her tits. She continued to milk me even after I had nothing left to pop. Then we both flopped down on the bed. I was spent and content. Cherry had had more than her share of orgasms for the afternoon. After she showered and freshened up we talked about having another escapade. I told her I wanted her to be the centerpiece in a two-cock episode, and she was enthusiastic about the idea. Then it was time for her to change from a subby little Internet slut back into a wife and mom. We French-kissed at length and she headed out the door. I knew I'd see her again for another session of raw sex.

We kept in touch online after our shared experience and Cherry confided to me about her sexual experiences and fantasies. She admitted that she'd fucked a few guys she'd met from online, and that shortly before we'd hooked up she'd seen her first porn video when she was with another online guy. One scene in the video was a ménage-a-trois in which a submissive woman was serviced by two very aggressive guys and finished up with a double penetration. She was turned on by that scene. She said it made her want to be fucked unmercifully by a pair of cocks, and to become nothing more than a mouth, pussy and ass in a submissive slut fantasy. Naturally I told her that I'd love to make that fantasy come true. From what I'd seen during our fuck session I was convinced that she would be perfect in that role. Cherry also told me that while the guy was fucking her doggy-style he'd slapped her ass sharply a few times and it excited her. I found that tidbit interesting and told her that I'd see that she got very excited when I did her from behind the next time. Her erotic revelations excited me. The next step was finding another guy to join in. I was determined to give her the slut experience she wanted and deserved.

TWO COCKS FOR CHERRY

I'll admit that I'm kinky and get off on the idea of a woman doing two or more guys at the same time. I've watched porn since the mid-seventies and my favorite scenes have always involved a woman with two or three men. To me there's nothing more erotically exciting than a woman sucking one cock while getting fucked by another. I've been lucky enough to have been involved in several MFM (male-female-male) encounters. Nothing compares to getting sucked off by a woman while she's getting fucked at the same time. I've had the most intense orgasms of my life this way. I often fantasized about being filmed while getting blown by a woman who was getting fucked at the same time by another guy.

My porno fantasy came true when I got sucked off and delivered a cum shot in a video called "Party Pigs 3." I got blown by a rather notorious amateur video slut who was getting fucked doggie-style by another guy at the same time. I've got a copy of the video and I never tire of watching her sucking my cock while another guy fucks her and finally me saying, "I'm coming, I'm coming" right before I pop my load into her waiting, willing mouth. But that's another story for another time.

Cherry and I kept in touch online. We chatted almost every night, mainly about our quest for a double-cock adventure for her. I visited sexually-oriented chat rooms and let it be known I was looking for another straight guy for the threesome. Occasionally I had a promising candidate join Cherry and me in a private chat room we created on the spot for that purpose. We called it the "candidate cock search" as we interviewed and chatted with quite a few willing guys. None of them seemed right for what we wanted. Then one night a guy named Mike IM'd me after seeing me post about the threesome in a chat room. Since Cherry and I had decided we were going to do her two-cock fantasy in my area rather than hers, we needed to find a guy who was located decently near to me. Mike was from the local area, seemed nice and e-mailed me his picture so I could forward it to her. It also turned out that Mike went to the Bay Area monthly on business, which meant that Cherry could meet him by herself and decide whether he was right for the threesome.
