 Jeff kept smiling to himself. His arm had a couple of bruises where he had pinched it. He tried to show the two girls he was cool with the idea of sharing their lives, and that he could handle it. 'Just see where it goes' Sandra had told him. This had been Sandra's idea and Louise, the younger of the two, went along with it. So far it had gone very well, for him, and they looked happy enough. It was going so damn well, he was on a constant high, trying to calm down.

Every time he looked at them he wanted to punch the air and shout out loud. He was thirty-two and kept slim from working out, though he didn't consider himself a muscular hunk. Sandra was mature for her age at twenty-two yet her youthfulness often showed. So how had it happened that he was getting to know two attractive young blondes?

Jeff had never been attracted to beautiful women, thinking they were vain and selfish, yet Sandra had surprised him. She looked like a dumb blonde though she turned out to be witty, intelligent and clearly knew what she wanted out of life. 

At the moment it seemed he was the one she wanted. 

Louise was almost identical to her in looks – an attractive, big busted blonde. Why she had been included into their relationship was still a mystery to him. Was he complaining, - No! It worried him that it could all go badly wrong; meanwhile he was enjoying himself. 

Sandra was feeling pleased with herself. She had been right about Jeff, he was a nice considerate man, unlike the two selfish boyfriends they had some time ago. He was twice the man they were, and thinking that had given her the idea. The two women had talked about how difficult it was to meet a nice considerate guy, only to end up sharing a bottle of wine during another boring night in.

When she mentioned sharing him, Louise was rightly doubtful, saying it couldn't possibly work. There was a glint in her eye that betrayed her, though. Sandra remembered her friend watching them make love that first night and how visibly aroused she had been. Sandra could see Louise considering it. So how was she to convince her to give it a try? There were so many pitfalls that could spoil things, not only the beginning of her relationship with Jeff, but the long time relationship with Louise, too. 

When she had teased Jeff this morning, Louise played along, though neither expected anything to happen. Sandra encouraged them both until he started tickling their feet and crawled into the bottom of the bed. He hadn't blatantly tried it on with either of them, just played around, tickling and teasing them. 

The teasing progressed, with Louise becoming so turned on she couldn't refuse him. Like her, Louise hadn't had a man in a long time, so maybe that explained it. Sandra didn't have to push him onto her, as he too was carried away in the heat of the moment. 

She had to admit it was exciting watching them. Her man was taking her and her friend too! It turned her on so much, she unexpectedly loved it. Only then did she really know it could work. After their love making session, Louise was convinced too, so they discussed it and set some rules.

***

"Are you sure you want to come shopping with us?" Sandra asked, with a light tinkling laugh. 

"I want to get to know you both. What you eat, what makes you laugh, everything. Well, maybe not everything," he smiled. Jeff didn't want them to think he was obsessive. He was a business analyst, so he was halfway there already. This was his chance to start living life to the full again, with these two young women knocking the stuffiness out of him.

"OK! You're on!" Sandra stated, thinking this wouldn't last long. Men shopping! What next, picking the right clothes to go out in? It didn't matter if they were fathers or boyfriends, they always came up with the same excuse - they were comfortable.

"First, I need to stop off and get changed," he told them. 

Sandra and Louise couldn't wait to see his apartment. It was a loft in an old brick warehouse, in a trendy part of town. He was aware of their scrutiny, with eyes wandering all over the lounge as though painting every inch. 

"Take a look around. Records and DVD's over there, bathrooms there and there, my room, two spare rooms through there," he said, with arms wind-milling like a stewardess demonstrating the safety routine. They were both too busy to notice his attempt at humor. 

As soon as he went into the bathroom they started the search. Nothing was said, they just got down to scrutinizing the place for evidence, like a well honed forensic team. Emerging from a bathroom, Louise looked at her friend with a nod and a quizzical look. Sandra nodded back with a smile on her face. Obviously a woman hadn't been in the apartment for some time. 

He wasn't fussy about storing his music or films, didn't cook much and didn't have any infectious ailments. At least there were no ointments or pills in the bathroom. The two young women sidled into his bedroom. 

"Nice," they said, in unison. 

"I've not decided yet!" he complained. As a joke he pulled out a Hawaiian shirt. "What do you think?" he asked, looking seriously at it. 

"We had better dress you," Sandra simply stated. 

Louise laughed, though she was the first to his wardrobe, so she had taken it seriously. Sandra went through the drawers, while he stood there looking from one to the other. 

"I thought I was the dominant one in the bedroom," he proffered. They were concentrating so much, he thought it was just a throwaway statement. 

"You are, you are the master, of course," Sandra answered him.

He knew that was a sop to keep him quiet. "So, you two are going to do as you are told," he stated, though it came out as a question.

"Of course we are, you're our man aren't you?" Sandra replied, still taking no notice of him. 

They laid out two sets of clothes on the bed and stood back expecting him to decide and get dressed. Noticing the underwear, he felt embarrassed in just a towel, for they were staring at him, waiting. "Well?" he asked.

"We've seen all you've got, so don't be shy," Sandra said. She arched her eyebrow, meaning to challenge him. 

"I meant, I'm the boss in the bedroom," he said, with a mock stern voice. 

Louise giggled. She was watching him closely, with eyes darting down to his crotch, becoming aware of what she was doing, so looking away again, repeating the process again and again.

"OK. The boss wants a hug," he demanded. To his surprise they grabbed hold of him, pressing their bodies tight up against him. Sandra pressed her belly against his hard cock with Louise pressing against his bottom. Their arms were entwined around his body, both of them breathing as heavily as he was. Damn! They were as aroused as he was! 

Somehow they managed to shuffle toward the bed, without breaking off touching and fondling each other, to fall in a heap onto it. The two young blondes held onto him as he tried to get free. He wanted to touch them, of course.

"No! It's our turn," Sandra scolded him, breathing heavily over him. 

Jeff stopped struggling, catching onto her meaning straight away. Louise fell to his side, not understanding. 

"Kiss him," Sandra ordered her friend. She worked her way down his body with hot kisses, more light and breathy than substantial. The towel was lost somewhere on the floor. 

Jeff lay there feeling Sandra's hot breath on his belly, inches from his throbbing cock. He watched Louise leaning over him with hooded eyes from a growing passion. She was watching her friend. Her pouting full lips were close to his and though he wanted to reach up to kiss them, he instead was too fascinated watching her face change. The enthralling expression of lust was growing, turning to a deep intensity.

He felt Sandra's cheek nudge his cock, as she licked and kissed his belly. She flicked her tongue over the bulb of his cock, making it jerk in response. It seemed to enthrall Louise, exciting her all the more. He felt Sandra suck on the end of his cock. Louise couldn't take it any longer. She plunged her lips onto his mouth, sucking his tongue into her mouth. She was desperately working his tongue, as though it were a penis, penetrating her.

He was aware that the two young women were satisfying themselves on his body, with their hands grabbing him, stroking him. Sandra was in control, sucking his cock, slowly drawing it in. He wanted to shove at her face with his hips, but instead, he lay there unable to move, letting them make use of his body. Somehow he didn't orgasm there and then.

Sandra let go of him with her mouth, still gripping his cock with a hand tightly wrapped around its base. She pulled on her friend's arm. "Your turn," she said. Louise was carried away in lust so she had to be guided to his cock. "Grip it here," Sandra told her. 

Louise's eyes opened wide on seeing his cock so close to her open mouth. She looked at her friend as though asking for permission then sucked on it with big wet lips. She hadn't ever wanted to do this before, though now, she was so carried away, she dove on it, choking herself when it hit the back of her throat.

"Grip it hard, hold him back," Sandra warned her. 

A small thought wended its way through his mind, that it was fright that held him off from a tremendous orgasm. Two gorgeous women were using his body, taking turns on sucking him, how else was it possible he hadn't cum already? The fear of letting them down kept him objective, thinking, rather than letting go.

Sandra kissed him lightly on the lips. He absorbed the smile on her face, seeing it as pleasure, rather than the lust her friend was caught up in. He was aware of the inexpert sucking Louise was giving his rock hard cock, compared to Sandra's steady light touch. Nevertheless, it was terrifically satisfying. Had he died and gone to heaven it couldn't get any better than this.

"What is she doing to you? Tell me," Sandra demanded.

He opened his mouth finding he couldn't speak, so maybe he wasn't in control after all.

"Tell me," she breathed lightly in his ear.

"She's sucking my cock," he managed to whisper. 

"Who is?" she asked.

"Louise, she's sucking on my cock," he groaned. "Your best friend is sucking my cock," he relented. 

"Is she doing a god job?" she teased.

"Not as good as you. She's slobbering all over it, licking up its length," he moaned, on feeling Louise again sucking it into her mouth. Sandra was still breathing into his ear, with a fingernail tracing his face, stroking him, occasionally kissing his nipples. 

"She's playing with my balls," he moaned out loud.

When he moaned a different tune, on an inward breath, she had to have him tell her. "What is she doing to you now?" she asked with a husky breath.

"She's running a fingernail around my asshole," he managed to whisper back.

Sandra licked his nipples and sucked on them. Pleased to hear him groaning and squirming under her. She locked her legs around one of his, rubbing herself against him. 

"What else is she doing to you," she asked, now breathing as heavily as him.

"She's holding it tight," he murmured. "I can't cum, I want to, don't want to," he said in confusion.

"Not yet, my lovely man, save it. Save your lovely cum for me," she told him.

At last he realized what she was doing to him. She was getting him to hold back, to make the delicious sensations last. It was frustrating, yet he did want the feeling of being on top of the world to last. 

Sandra glanced down to her friend, seeing her playing with herself in frustration. She was still dressed, but she found a way into her panties, fingering her pussy rapidly. With a sigh Sandra realized Louise's need was greater than her own. 

"Stop now, get up," she told Louise. Guiding her to a sitting position, on top of Jeff, her friend needed little encouragement. 

Louise almost ripped the crotch of her panties in her haste. She moved on top of his cock, rubbed it over her wet lips, and pushed. 

"Go for it, lovely man. Fuck Louise hard," Sandra whispered, in his ear. She watched him thrust hard with his hips lifting off the bed. He was now released from the spell she had weaved over him. She kissed his lips with a tongue exploring his mouth, wrapping it around and around his tongue.

Jeff breathed rapidly around Sandra's tongue, sucking in air as he pushed upward, with strong hips and legs. His heels dug into the bed lifting Louise's whole body up, thrusting heavily, to penetrate her body deeply. 

Louise couldn't move any more, she flopped around like a rag doll riding a wild pony. 

"Harder, Jeff! Fuck her hard, fuck her deep, do it Jeff," Sandra encouraged him. 

Louise shrieked out, hissing disconnected words. "I'm there! Yes! I'm cumming! Thank you! Oh! Thank you!" she yelped. 

Sandra marveled at her politeness. It seemed so incongruous to her. She never became so carried away, neither did she speak during an orgasm. At least she didn't think so. 

"Now, Jeff! Shoot loads of your lovely cum into Louise. She needs it. Fill her up with cum," she laughed in delight.

Jeff heard her as though it were from a far distance, as he too felt a deep orgasm. His heels drummed on the bed silently. His body stilled, feeling every drop of spurting fluid pass through the end of his cock. It felt as though it might go on forever, pumping away, spasm after spasm.

Sandra grabbed hold of Louise before she fell, letting her flop beside him, to snuggle close. She too snuggled up to him, watching his chest heave with deep breaths. She laid her head on his chest with a satisfied smile on her face, listening to his heart thumping hard.

"It's my turn tonight," she whispered, knowing they hadn't heard a word. 

***

The three of them showered, purposely keeping a clear distance so as to get the job done without the distraction naked bodies would cause. As his clothes had been knocked onto the floor and the girls hadn't undressed before bouncing on the bed, they all looked a bit disheveled leaving the apartment. 

First, they stopped off for lunch. Fortified and feeling good, they entered a department store. "The men's department first," Sandra declared. 

Shrugging his shoulders he gave way, as he had earlier to their passion. They fussed over him, while the assistant went back and forth, trying to keep up with their demands. The woman was keen to help for she was on commission. Jeff noticed her eyeing the three of them, trying to work out what their relationship was. 

Sandra wanted him in a suit and Louise wanted him in casual wear, so they bought both. With extras to mix and match, they explained to him. Wearing new shoes he had to parade up and down, while they watched with animated smiles on their faces. They selected what he was to wear now and finally he was allowed to pay, marking an end to the ordeal.

"Do I get to choose your clothes then?" he asked. 

"No way," they chorused. 

He hadn't thought so. They muttered with heads together on the way to the department and he wondered what they were up to. 

"OK!" Sandra smiled. "When we've finished you can choose an outfit for us," she smirked. "We probably won't be able to wear it outside the apartment, but you can choose," she said. 

They both laughed that teasing, tinkling sound he had grown to like. So they expected him to select something awful or lewd or what, exactly? He figured he had plenty of time to think about it while they searched the racks of clothes, for this department was twice the size of the menswear section.

He was right. They seemed to be examining every article of clothing on every rack. He took a seat, probably there for this very reason. It wasn't such a chore for they often called him over for an opinion, which he was too clever to answer. They came out of the changing cubicle on a regular basis to twirl a skirt or show off a blouse. They could show off a top so well he didn't mind one bit. 

Each of them took a turn wearing a too tight top, to tease him with their ample breasts. The top was obviously rejected afterwards. At least here they were left alone to get on with it, without an assistant slowing them down. He wanted to join them in the changing room but was told-off, with giggles of delight. 

"That could be one of my choices," he grinned. Louise was wearing a top almost revealing her nipples. He was sure just a little adjustment could have them out on show. 

She giggled at him while thrusting out her boobs. "Later," she said, with an encouraging smile. 

He was getting an idea as to what he was supposed to be selecting for them, as Sandra was obviously behind the naughty teasing. Even without these distractions it was a pleasure to watch them emerge from the changing room, showing off such a voluptuous shape. 

A woman emerged from the changing room giving him a serious scowl. It was touch and go whether she called security for a moment, until they came out to show off their latest discoveries. She had probably thought he was hanging around leering at the women. A knowing look crossed her face and she even smiled at him. Poor guy, she evidently thought, on realizing why he was so excited. 

He fought with them to gain the privilege of paying, but lost the battle. The cashier looked at them with an impatient look while they argued and jousted with credit cards drawn. He at least knew they weren't after him for his money, but then again, so what if they were.

He helped with the bags, hoping some of the stuff would have been his choice anyway. It was impossible to tell what looked good dangling from a hanger, yet they seemed to manage fine.

Half way to the exit he stopped. "Hey! I thought I was going to pick something!" he complained. 

"You are, darling man, you are," Sandra replied. They put a hand to his ass, holding a cheek each, guiding him out of the store.

"Where are we going? Not more shoes I hope!" he complained. Clip clopping on new heels that echoed through the mall, they carried right on into a store, with him following. Jeff's eyes started to focus on the bright clothes, realizing they were flimsy pieces of silk meant to be underwear. 

His first reaction was to look away. They pulled him in with arms wrapped through his. Now that he was looking he couldn't look away. His eyes swiveled around for a moment until seeing an assistant weighing them up. He looked away in embarrassment. 

"I've never dared go in here before," Louise whispered, to Sandra. 

"There's nothing here obscene, although it depends on how you look at things, I guess," she smiled at her friend, and winked broadly. "I guess we could choose for you, unless you want us to model them. You wouldn't have to even nod, we'd know from your reaction," Sandra teased. 

Jeff had never dared to enter such a store, either. He decided to get a grip and show them he wasn't going to be outmaneuvered again. He was their man and would make his own decisions. The assistant came over to them with a big smile. She was glamorous and confident, in her thirties like Jeff, which only made him more uncomfortable. 

"My name is Margaret. What can I help you with today," she asked, with a clipped accent directed at Sandra. She had dismissed Jeff as a useless male and Louise looked too young. 

"It's our lovely man here, he wants to buy us each something special," Sandra said. She put a soft girly tone to her voice and giggled. Putting a hand to her mouth, acting coy and cute, was going way over the top. The woman had been looking at her, dismissing the other two, so she missed the look of surprise on their faces. 

Jeff and Louise brought their near laughter under control before it broke out. Louise was used to Sandra's games, when she wanted to shake someone up. She obviously didn't like the woman's snooty attitude. It was easy for Louise to follow the performance for she was close to sounding like a dumb blonde anyway. 
