 I expect that you would say it was my fault that it started. 

Ray and Lily had moved to a house just round the corner from ours about nine months ago. They had begun taking a walk in the evenings passing our house where I would be tidying up our front garden. I was proud of the way it looked, but it required spending half an hour every week to keep it looking the way I wanted it to. We had some unruly evergreen shrubs that were always losing leaves that threatened to smother other plants. 

At first, the two of them would just say "hi" as they walked by, but this gradually changed to brief comments about the weather and then to them stopping for a couple of minutes to admire my flowers and generally pass the time of day. I found out that they had no children and that Lily only worked at weekends. In return I mentioned that my husband, Jack, and I had been married for 20 years and that I worked part time four days a week.

We had two children but now both were away at college. I hadn't mentioned that I had had them when I was young, in my early 20's, but that must have been obvious. I was in my 40's, Jack a couple of years older. I didn't mention either that we had got married in a hurry after I muddled up dates. Jack had been fucking me for a year before I became pregnant. We weren't living together, but we still managed to have sex four or five times a week. He only had to touch me once, even only on my hand, for me to go wet, while I only had to look at him, wanting him, for him to get a hard on. After we married and our first was born, we decided to have a second child fairly quickly to avoid a large age gap between the two. 

We owned our own house, or rather the bank did, as we had moved here to a bigger place seven years ago with a bigger mortgage. We needed both of us to work now that we also had college fees to pay. Jack held a job that often took him away on business trips usually just three or four days, sometimes as long as three weeks. I no longer had my youthful figure. I'd broadened at the hips from the children and had thickened at the waist, but I was what is politely called "buxom", again due to the pregnancies. While I no longer had an hour-glass figure, Jack still liked looking at me naked before he fucked me and he only had to stroke or kiss my nipples to make me go wet, wanting it badly. 

In fact, I wanted sex more than he did now. He was too tired from work during the week. Saturdays he had started going fishing with some buddies, so Sundays were the only days he gave it to me, always in bed before going to sleep. Recently it had started to be over almost before I realized he was in me. I had begun to feel disappointed, but even so I had not had another man besides Jack since we had first met. I did begin to wonder what another man's cock would feel like now in my pussy, especially as a woman friend at work had divorced and was having different man friends to stay overnight. Not that I wanted to separate. I wouldn't have traded places with her but sometimes after she had told me of another night of great sex, thought back to the days when I was fucked to a hard climax, clinging to the man as I had my orgasm.

The weather was warming up towards summer as Ray and Lily stopped longer and longer to chat. We liked one another. As I discarded my winter jackets for blouses and t-shirts, I noticed that Ray's eyes were leveled at my chest more and more. I sometimes wondered if he would actually look at my face. I liked that he obviously thought that my tits were still attractive. Then, one day I saw them on their evening walk as I was in our garden. I was wearing an old blouse that had been washed many times and was now a tight fit. It was naughty, I know, but I couldn't help it. I turned away from them as they were approaching so that they couldn't see, then undid a couple of buttons on my blouse, knowing that I was displaying a fair amount of my generous cleavage. When I turned towards Ray, I saw him look at my tits and his eyes widened. He couldn't look away. Lily didn't appear to notice anything. The three of us exchanged pleasantries then they continued on their walk. 

I grinned to myself. 

"You've still got what it takes, girl," I thought. I finished the garden, did my blouse buttons up and went inside. 

A couple of weeks later I was outside again at the front when they came walking by. I didn't repeat showing off my cleavage. Ray looked at my chest and was obviously disappointed. Jack was away on business again for the week. When Lily heard that I was on my own, she invited me round for dinner the next night, saying that I shouldn't be alone all week. I accepted as cooking only for myself was not much fun and I tended to eat things that didn't require much trouble to prepare, but weren't good for my figure.

I turned up the following evening, along with a bottle of white wine for the three of us. Lily put mine in the fridge and poured a glass each from their own bottle to drink while we waited for dinner to be ready. She apologized saying that she was running a little later than planned. We sat and talked about everything and nothing. When she announced that dinner was ready, I realized that I had finished off my glass, despite that it was one of the modern, larger sizes. She opened my bottle and poured another large glass. Dinner and conversation was a success, helped no doubt by the two glasses of wine I had drunk that must have been a half bottle in total. We went into the lounge for coffee and another glass of desert wine, smaller in amount but much stronger than the previous two. They sat me on the sofa while they sat in their lounge chairs. The desert wine tasted good, if a little sweet and I soon finished it. I wasn't drunk but the alcohol was definitely working its way to my head. We were laughing a lot, probably over things that we wouldn't have found as funny during the day, and I was very relaxed with my inhibitions greatly reduced. 

That was when they made their move on me. 

Lily had made some excuse to go into the kitchen. When she returned she sat next to me on the sofa rather than back in her chair. She sat down close to me. I didn't think much about it. The conversation turned to sex. Lily asked me if my husband Jack would be having a good time away. 

"Will he be meeting a girl for a one night stand and would I mind if he did" she inquired. 

"No, of course not. He wouldn't. " I replied. 

"Why not?" she asked, "surely it wouldn't matter, provided it didn't affect you."

"I wouldn't like it," I said.

"What you don't know about couldn't hurt you," she countered. "When Ray goes away, I'm sure he finds a woman who will let him pull her panties down. It doesn't bother me and he always brings me something nice back. Then he fucks me long and hard."

"Oh," was all I could think to say. Maybe it was the wine but I started to feel aroused at the thought of the two of them fucking. 

"And what about you?" Lily asked. "Don't you have a man for a little bit of fun, especially if Jack is away for a week or longer. Or maybe you like doing it with a woman friend."

"Nooo. That isn't me," I protested loudly.

"I'll bet that you have thought about someone else's cock though" she claimed. "Look at you flashing your tits at Ray a couple of weeks ago."

I colored in embarrassment but could only stutter in reply, not knowing what to say, realizing that Lily had noticed what I had done.

"Don't worry. He liked your tits. I'm sure he wants to see them again. So do I, we think you have nice tits," she told me, moving over towards me and putting her on one of them. 

"No, don't do that," I cried, but she squeezed my tit harder. 

I tried to push her hand away, but she was surprisingly strong. She leaned over me. I was relieved when she let go, but the relief lasted only a second. She took hold of my chin bringing my face towards hers. Before I realized, she was kissing me. Her tongue pushed its way into my mouth. It felt as if jolts of electricity surged through me as our tongues touched. Her hand went back on to my tit, lifting it, gently rolling it so my nipple rubbed against the inside of the bra-cup. I felt my nipple swell and harden. 

She stopped kissing me, but her face remained close to mine, looking at me. I felt the contradictory feelings of relief and disappointment.

"You like me doing that, I know," she whispered.

She began kissing me again, her tongue pushing back inside my mouth. I had kept my lips open to let her tongue in. Her body pushed me against the sofa back. Her hand continued to fondle my tit. I couldn't push her away and my nipple began to feel so sensitive to her touch. I managed to break away from her kiss.

"Please stop," I said but at the same time not wanting her to stop. Once more she took hold of my face so that she could kiss me again. Her tongue worked its way into my mouth, flicking against my tongue, filling my mouth. She was right I did like what she was doing to me. My subconscious was saying "why not let her kiss me?"

I didn't protest when she undid the buttons on my blouse and her hand slipped inside it. Now her fingers rubbed my nipple through the material of my bra. Roughly she took hold of the bra-cups, pulling them away from my tits and up towards my neck so my tits came free and were bare. She grasped a nipple, squeezing it and rolling it between her fingers just the way I like having it done to me while all the time her tongue was deep in my mouth. Soon I didn't want to push her away. My own body's desires were overwhelming me. I stopped struggling letting her make my nipple more and more sensitive to her touch. Dominating me. Arousing me. 

Her hand slid down to my crotch. Once again I made a half-hearted attempt to stop her, but her hand pushed its way between my legs. She pinned me against the sofa and rubbed my pussy through the material of my slacks. I could feel myself going wet. She let go of my crotch and moved her hand to the waist of my slacks. I should have tried harder to stop her undoing the buttons there, but she soon managed to undo them all. She held me down as she slipped her hand inside my panties. Her probing finger found my clit and began rubbing it, gently but firmly. Soon, I stopped resisting and opened my legs wider for her to possess me. I had been seduced. I knew I was going to be fucked. 

She pushed her finger into my pussy. I gasped with pleasure as it went in deep. She began finger fucking me, thrusting her finger in and out of me. After a couple of minutes she stopped kissing me and looked up at Ray.

"She's ready for being fucked now," she said to him. "Pull her panties down off her, get your cock into her and give it to her". 

Ray took hold of my slacks and my panties and pulled them off me. The two of them pulled me flat on the sofa. She still held me just in case I tried to resist but by now I wanted to be fucked more than anything in the world. Ray pushed my legs wide apart. I felt the tip of his cock rub at my pussy, then slide into me. It felt big and hard. I gave a moan as he began to fuck me. His thrusts were slow and long, while Lily grasped my nipple again squeezing it, almost hurting me. Soon his thrusts became harder and faster. He was bringing me towards a climax. He passed the point of no return, rammed his cock as deep into my pussy as he could and came. I felt his cum spurt into me, his body twitching with each spurt. When he had pumped all of his load into me, his cock went limp and began to shrink. He pulled out.

Now Lily took over. This time she thrust two fingers into my pussy and began thrusting them in and out of it. There was nothing gentle about what she was doing to me. I climaxed and cried out "oh, oh, oh" in time to her thrusts. She kept on finger fucking me not letting me stop. I climaxed again immediately. It was the most intense sex that I had ever had. Eventually the two of us were out of breath and she finally pulled out of me. 

"There, you enjoyed that," she told me. "You have been wanting that for a long time."

"Yes," I admitted in a small voice. 

"Come on, we haven't finished yet," she said. 

I let myself be led into their bedroom. They removed the last of my clothes, removing my blouse and unhooking my bra before pushing me naked down on the bed. I watched while Lily stripped off her own clothes and got down beside me. Ray handed her a large vibrator he had taken from the bedside drawers. 

"Open your legs," Lily commanded me. 

I rolled on to my back and opened my legs wide, knowing that she was going to use the vibrator on me. She switched it on and slid it into my waiting pussy. It vibrated strongly as she thrust it in and out of me. Soon I was moaning with pleasure. That's when Ray put his cock against my lips. I turned my head away from him, closing my mouth firmly. Lily pushed my head back towards him. 

"Open your mouth. Let Ray stick his cock into it." Lily commanded me. I felt I had to obey her. Reluctantly, I parted my lips allowing Ray to push his cock between them. It wasn't fully erect from after he had just recently cum in me. 

"Suck Ray's cock. Get him hard again," she said as she continued to thrust the vibrator in and out of me.

"You turned him on two weeks ago when you flashed your tits at us. Now turn him on again," she told me. I held the shaft of his cock at its base as he pushed his cock further and further into my mouth. I sucked it and felt it get larger and stiffer until it was fully erect.

"That's it. Suck it. Take it further into you." I could tell that Lily was being turned on watching as Ray's cock thrust in and out of my mouth while she thrust the vibrator into me. Suddenly Ray stopped and quickly pulled his cock out of my mouth. Lily also stopped fucking me with her vibrator. 

"I almost came again," Ray said. "but it's too soon to finish just now."

"No," Lily agreed, "we still have lots of fun to go. She's very willing now."

She rolled onto her back, opened her legs and pulled me down onto her, pushing my face into her pussy. 

"Lick me," she ordered. 

She held the back of my head so that my mouth was at her pussy. Almost tentatively, I began to lick her. Gaining confidence, my tongue worked its way into her, found her clit and began licking it, exciting her more and more. I heard Ray open and shut a drawer, not being able to see what he was doing. He parted my buttocks and I felt a cool jelly squirted on my ass-hole. I felt the tip of an anal vibrator rimming me. I wanted to tell him no, but Lily had my head pressed firmly at her crotch. The vibrator was slipped into me. He switched it on as it went up my ass. I felt his cock rub against my pussy from behind, slide into it and begin fucking me doggy style. That was the first time that I had ever been given a double penetration. I realized that I liked what was being done to me and licked Lily enthusiastically, wanting to make her orgasm. Soon she came, her body bucking uncontrollably beneath me. Now she moved out from under me, letting Ray fuck me harder and harder. Soon I felt him spurt, his cum shooting into me for a second time.

The three of us lay back on the bed. We were spent. It had been a long time since I had as much sex as that. I knew that I would agree to do it again whenever Lily asked me to. 

I was glad that I had undone those two buttons on my blouse to show my cleavage.