 Kim was a luscious 22-year-old girl. She was slender, 5' 6" tall with long shoulder length straight black hair. Her long tan legs were just the kind every guy dreamed being in between as they were wrapped around you pulling you into her hot wet pussy. Her breasts were pert and the size of grapefruits with 3/4" long nipples that got very hard and were just made for licking and sucking. Her tight little ass wiggled just right as she walked and her cute face just begged to have a load of hot come splashed all over it.

Kim had the hots for Jim. He was blonde, 19 years old, 5' 11" tall, handsome, and athletic with a bulge in his pants that Kim dreamed about doing all kinds of wet nasty things with. Whenever she was near him her pussy would just start oozing and her mouth would get dry from her hard breathing. She had never wanted any guy as bad as she did Jim. Unfortunately, he already had a girlfriend. Jim's girlfriend didn't spend much time with him and Kim didn't understand that. If he was her boyfriend, she wouldn't let him off her hot body long enough to even eat. Well, she would let him eat, as long as he was eating her wet pussy or eating to get his strength back to fuck her silly again.

Kim had a plan to get closer to Jim without raising suspicion with his girlfriend. Joe was her old classmate from high school. They had been friends since fifth grade. She had always considered him just a casual friend and nothing more. Having been away to college since graduating she hadn't seen too much of Joe. She was pleasantly surprised to see how his body had filled out. His body was now that of athlete. At 22 Joe was 5' 11" with dark hair. Average to above average in looks. He had nice tight buns and all the girls loved his legs. The bulge in his pants looked like it contained a nice cock. Joe and Jim were good friends and spent a lot of time together. They played soccer and just hung around. Her plan was to get closer to Jim by getting closer to Joe.

At the first chance she got, Kim bumped into Joe and started a conversation. Just catching up with each other, what they were doing for the summer and the like. Unknown to Kim, Joe had the hots for her since seventh grade. Joe didn't date in high school and was still shy with girls. That didn't mean he wasn't horny. Every day and sometimes many times a day he would be in his bedroom stroking his cock as he dreamed about different girls that he would love to fuck. Kim had been one he had fantasized about a lot. His cock was stirring just being this close to her and he had all he could do to keep from having a full blown hard on right in front of her. Kim noticed his cock too. She could see the bulge in his pants getting bigger. Though she had planned to use Joe to get to Jim, she found herself getting turned on thinking about Joe's cock.

Using all her charms she knew she had Joe's attention. The lust in his eyes told her all she needed to know. This guy had the hots for her and she knew she could maneuver him around by using her hot body to get what she wanted. For his part, Joe had figured out even in his lust-crazed state, that Kim had something more in mind then just him. He had known her for a long time and she had never given him any of the signals that she was today. He didn't know why, but he was going to go along with it to see where it would lead. Worst case for him was to spend time around this hot girl and lust after her body. But, when Kim steered the conversation around to ask something about Jim, he knew that like many girls she was in heat. She was in heat for Jim not Joe. He didn't mind. It happened all the time. If girls threw themselves at him as much as they did Jim, then he would be getting laid at least every week

For his part Jim was usually faithful to his girlfriend. There were times though that he just couldn't say no to the luscious girls that threw themselves at him. After all what's a guy supposed to do if the girl just rips your pants off and starts sucking your cock? He didn't want to be rude. His girlfriend was still in high school and her parents didn't let her go out much. He didn't blame them. Every time he and her had more than three hours together he had his hands up her shirt and down her pants. He lusted after her like no one else. They had been each other's first and had taught each other about pleasing a partner. She had learned how to give a long wet and hot blow job. He had learned how to lick her sweet hot pussy till she screamed. And they both liked nothing better than when his cock was sliding in and out of her pussy from all kinds of angles and different positions. 

Kim had started hanging around Joe and spent more and more time with him. Joe noticed that anytime Jim was around Kim would have a look of pure lust in her eyes. He had seen that look in a lot of girl's eyes. Joe had that same lust for Kim. Though he lusted after her and wanted to ravish her hot body he was still too shy to act. He could tell she didn't have the same reaction to him. Joe was now stroking off two to four times a day and still his cock was hard every time he thought about Kim. Her revealing outfits didn't help either. She usually wore short shorts with midriff bearing shirts that showed off her tanned and tight body. Christ, Joe just about drooled when she was around and his cock would jump in his pants whenever she touched him.

It was summer and Jim and Joe played in a summer soccer league. They stayed around after the games and drank beer and bullshitted with the others. Tonight Jim, Joe and Kim were the last ones left. It was getting dark and the bugs were starting to come out. They got into Joe's truck. They were having one last beer before leaving. Kim was sitting in the middle between Jim and Joe. Sitting this close was having an effect on Kim and Joe. Joe was getting hard and couldn't help staring at Kim's breasts. Kin was staring at Jim's cock and her pussy was getting wet and her nipples hard. 

Joe reached over and placed his hand under Kim's left breast. At the same time he asked Jim "Doesn't Kim have great looking tits?" He was waiting for Kim to slap his hand away, but she was still looking at Jim's crotch and seemed to be breathing harder. She looked up at Jim waiting for his answer. When he didn't say anything Kim repeated the question and pushed her chest into Joe's hand. This caused Joe to move his hand up and start caressing her breast with the palm of his hand. "God, they feel great too." Moaned Joe. "Come on Jim help me check them out." Kim reached over and grabbed Jim's hand and placed it on her right breast. Jim just started massaging it like Joe was doing to her other one. Kim reached over and placed her hand on Jim's hardening cock.  

Noticing this Joe asked. "Is his cock hard, Kim? Mine is about to bust open my shorts."

Kim replied. "Oh yeah, his cock is getting hard as a rock. Let me see how yours feels." And she placed her other hand in Joe's lap and started to stroke his hard cock through his shorts. 

"How about your pussy? Is it getting all wet?" Joe asked as he slid his hand down and cupped her hot mound. Kim just moaned and spread her legs wider.

"Come on we want to see your hot body Kim. Let's get these cloths off you." Joe said as he started lifting her shirt and sports bra over her head. Kim let go of their cocks just long enough for them to take her shirt off and then placed her hands back on each of their very hard cocks. Her pussy was really gushing now she was so turned on especially when Jim had helped take off her shirt. God, she just couldn't wait to feel his cock stroking into her pussy and she was surprised at how hot she was getting about Joe too. The thought of two cocks at once was making her hotter than hell. Again she had to let go of those great hard cocks as they both took her shorts and thin white and very wet panties off. All three were moaning as Joe slid his fingers up her slit and rubbed her protruding clit with her own juice. Jim was tweaking her right breast and Joe was starting to suck her left nipple into his mouth. Kim was rubbing both their hard cocks. 

"Fuck, I want to see both your cocks!" Kim almost screamed as she started ripping at their shorts. Jim and Joe pulled off their shorts and jock straps. Their hard cocks popping out like jack in the boxes. "Oh Mmmm." Moaned Kim as she felt both naked cocks in her hands. She was stroking them up and down their entire length. She couldn't believe she couldn't get her hand all the way around either one. And they both were at least six inches long. Just right for sucking. Thinking about sucking their cocks and the way Joe's fingers were now thrusting in and out of her pussy was making her gush even more if that was possible. 

As if reading her mind Joe told Kim to lie down on her back then he could lick her pussy and she could suck Jim's cock. Kim lay back on the seat with her head towards the passenger door. Jim was standing with his ass against the dashboard and his hard cock dangling above her face. As Kim reached out to grab Jim's cock and lick the tip with her tongue she felt Joe pushing her legs apart and could feel his hot breath on her sensitive pussy. Jim grabbed one of her legs to hold her open for Joe. He groaned as he felt Kim's hot mouth engulf his hard cock. She moaned on his cock as she felt Joe's wet tongue swipe at her clit and his fingers penetrate her gushing wet pussy. Joe loved eating pussy and was never so turned on as now. Here was one of his best wet dreams being fulfilled. He had thought that having to share a girl would be a turn off. But, hearing the wet sucking of Kim's mouth on Jim's cock was making him harder than he had ever been. As much as he was enjoying the taste of Kim's pussy he wanted to shove his cock inside her and watch her suck Jim's cock.

Positioning himself between Kim's legs Joe started rubbing his cock up and down between her pussy lips. This made Kim moan on Jim's cock and that made Jim even hotter hearing this hot slutty girl moaning on his cock while his buddy Joe was getting ready to fuck her. Kim took her mouth off Jim's cock to beg Joe to put his cock in her. "Oh god yeah, fuck me. Please put your cock inside me. Give it to me." Joe aimed his cock at her drooling pussy and proceeded to shove the first couple of inches into her. "Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's it. Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck me! Panted Kim.

Joe groaned. "That's so hot seeing my cock slide into your beautiful pussy. It feels so fucking great. How's her mouth feel Jim?"

Jim: "Mmmm just great. God Damn, I'm going to come pretty soon." Jim moaned as Kim was trying to swallow his whole cock. She was bouncing the head of his cock off the back of her throat as she bobbed up and down and her saliva was drooling from out around his cock. Jim had to pull his cock away to keep from shooting his load. Joe was pumping his cock into Kim harder and harder. Kim was pushing back begging for more. All at once her body tensed and she pushed her ass off the seat and was trying to shove as much cock into her pussy as possible. Then, she came. Her legs were shuddering and she was almost hyperventilating. She thought she might pass out. She rode out the wave as Joe slowed down his thrusting and let her finish milking his cock with her creaming pussy. He couldn't believe that he didn't come with her.

As Joe pulled his still hard cock slowly out of Kim's pussy she couldn't believe how he had so thoroughly just fucked her and his cock was still hard. She should have done this with him a long time ago. Those thoughts went out of her head as Joe was pulling her up by her arms. He kissed her on the mouth and their tongues started dueling. Jesus, this guy can kiss too! 

Joe and Jim positioned her on her knees with her ass towards Jim and the passenger door of the truck. Jim was rubbing his cock along her pussy as she was staring face to face with Joe's hard cock coated with her wet pussy cream. "You want Jim to fuck you don't you?" Joe asked as he rubbed his wet cock across her face.

"Yes." Kim breathed as she rubbed her pussy back towards Jim's cock.

"You heard her Jim. Fuck her hot little pussy for her. Fuck her good buddy." With that Jim shoved his cock hard into Kim's luscious pussy. As Kim was moaning at the fuck she was getting Joe said. "Lick that pussy come off my cock and then suck me off. I'm really close after fucking your hot tight pussy. Suck me off till I come. Don't swallow it though just let it drool down my cock and then you can lick it clean. Is that all right with you?" 

Kim was looking up at Joe with glazed over eyes as Jim's cock was assaulting her pussy. "I'll lick my pussy come and your come off your cock. Now just give me that big hot load that's in your balls. I can't wait to taste it on my tongue." Kim shoved Joe's cock into her mouth and started bobbing her head and sucking for all she was worth. She was so turned on by the cock assault in her pussy and the pulsing of the cock in her mouth that she was going to come again. She did come again. This time all over Jim's cock. Her pussy cream was coating Jim's cock and running out of her hot hole to drip on the truck seat. Joe was pinching her nipples and she had momentarily stopped sucking his cock when her orgasm hit. Kim was gripping Joe's cock hard as she pulsed through her come. As she was coming down from it she went back to sucking his cock stroking it with her hand in rhythm with her mouth. She sucked hard intent on coaxing his hot load out of his balls. Joe was still massaging her breasts as Jim was fucking her harder and harder. Both guys were very close to coming.

Jim was really pumping Kim's pussy hard and was beyond the point of no return. With one last groan he pulled his cock out of her pussy and rubbing it on her ass shot his load across her back and ass. Hearing his buddy come put Joe over the edge. Putting his hand on Kim's head he told her he was coming. With her hand on his cock she could feel his come shooting up through his cock into her mouth. She stopped sucking and let go with her hand. Using just her tongue she let him come into her mouth. Joe pumped three big pulses of come into her mouth and then three smaller ones. Jim watched as Joe's come was drooling out of Kim's mouth and down Joe's cock forming a small puddle in his pubic hair. Finally Joe had to pull Kim's mouth off his cock. Kim was breathing hard. Not just from the fucking and sucking but also from Jim's fingers fucking her abused pussy.

"Don't forget to lick our cocks clean" Jim surprisingly reminded her. Smiling Kim went to work lapping all the wets sticky come off of Joe's cock and body. Turning around she proceeded to do the same to Jim as Joe fingered her to another delicious orgasm. 

"What would you like to do now?" Joe asked.

Kim offered. "Well no one is at my house tonight. You two want to continue what we started?"

What the hell Kim thought. She had started out with a plan to have her hot pussy ravaged by Jim and now it had developed into something even better. She had never considered that she would so thoroughly enjoy being fucked by two guys at once. Now that she had experienced it she figured she might as well keep it going. After all, Jim could keep his girlfriend who wouldn't be suspicious if Joe was with them. The way Joe's hard cock and tongue made her pussy feel was just an added bonus she hadn't realized before. When Jim was with his girlfriend she was going to be serviced just fine.

Don't you love it when a plan comes together?