 Melanie, or Mel as everyone called her, was laying on her bed with her fingers busy thrusting in and out of her extremely wet and tingling pussy. She could hear the squishing sounds as she continued to thrust her fingers ever harder into her pussy and the delicious thrill to her clit on every inward thrust was getting her so close to the edge. She imagined her fingers as a hard cock pleasuring her and she could feel her anticipation of that cock pulsing it's load of man juice deep inside her. As she was almost to the point of not being able to breath and thrusting her hips outward against her penetrating fingers she came. She had a trembling shaking wonderful orgasm. She continued to slowly caress her pussy while her body descended back to normal.

It must have been a beautiful view of Mel laying on the bed with her glistening body and legs spread as she languidly continued to rub her post orgasmic pussy. She was an 18 year old brunette with perky medium sized breasts, a slim figure with a tight ass and shapely legs with an innocent cute face. She was the typical girl next door type and no one would suspect she had such a strong sexual desire hidden beneath her. She kept this wild side hidden from all. She was known as a good girl who never got into trouble. She worked very hard to only let the world know her as an innocent young thing.

Mel had a boyfriend Jim. They had only recently been fucking as Mel waited until after she turned 18 so she could get birth control from her Doctor, as her parents would never believe that their innocent young Daughter would be having sex. The years of hand jobs and pussy fingering had slowly escalated to oral sex. They had been each other's first and had taught each other about pleasing a partner. She had learned how to give a long wet and hot blow job. He had learned how to lick her sweet hot pussy till she screamed. And they both liked nothing better than when his cock was sliding in and out of her pussy from all kinds of angles and different positions. The thought of Jim's raging hard on was what prompted her need for sexual release.

Mel knew Jim must be having sex with other girls. He was away at college and the temptations of all the beautiful coeds must be extreme on him. Instead of feeling jealous Mel was excited when she thought of Jim having sex with another girl. She herself would be going to college in the fall and she was looking forward to the freedom that would be giving her to have sex with other partners and expand her experience. Mel's appetite for sex was large. She just couldn't help giving into her need to orgasm every morning and night as well as any opportunity during the day. It was summer now and she met with Jim as often as possible to try and satisfy her sexual cravings. The more they had sex the more she wanted to have sex.

Friday night was an example as Jim licked her pussy through four orgasms before she finally had to push him away. She knew his cock would be hard and excited as she proceeded to yank his pants down and tightly grab his cock as she pulled it towards her mouth. She slowly licked his shaft from his balls up to the head making Jim squirm with pleasure. She continued to wet his cock with her mouth as she engulfed as much as she could until she could feel the shaft trying to ram it's way into her throat. Relaxing she proceeded to shove her throat onto his cock until her lips were cemented to the bottom of the shaft. Slowly sliding the shaft all the way out of her mouth she used her tongue to lick circles around the glistening head of his swollen cock. She heard Jim moan with tortured delight while she continued to run circles around the head of his cock while stroking the shaft with her hand. She prepared herself for his giant load of man juice as she felt his cock stiffen against her stroking hand. She wasn't disappointed when Jim's whole body stiffened and his cock pulsated 6 or 7 times with his explosion of cum. Mel sucked on his cock head while Jim's released his torrent of cream into her mouth. 

Though she could have easily swallowed the whole load she allowed just a little to escape from her lips and slowly dribble down her chin. She did this on purpose because the first time she had given Jim a blow job she was unable to swallow it all and some had accidentally escaped from her lips. The sight of his cum on her lips had turned Jim on, so much so that he gave her a passionate french kiss while licking his dripping cum and using his tongue to share it back with her. She automatically moved her face towards his and he repeated that shared wet kiss.

As they continued to kiss Mel was stroking Jim's cock back into a roaring hard on. She knelt down with her ass high in the air and whispered at Jim to "ram that fucking hard cock in me and fuck me silly."

As Jim gazed down at Mel's gorgeous ass thrust high in the air he bent down and gave her pussy a quick lick before standing up and rubbing his cock up and down her steaming wet slit. He then slowly pressed his cock against her opening and felt her open up as he descended into her moist cavern. "I'm going to slam my cock into your pussy until you cum all over my cock and then I'm going to pull it out and shoot my cream all over your hot tight ass." Jim exclaimed.

"We'll see if you can hold out from coming all over my ass before you get me off. I know how my tight little pussy loves to suck that cream right out of your cock." responded Mel. Jim proceeded to fuck in and out of Mel's pussy with ever increasing speed. Mel could feel Jim's taught stomach slap against her ass and his balls against her clit with each stroke of Jim's cock. As Mel pushed her ass back against Jim's pounding cock they built up a rhythm where just as the tip of his cock would almost slip out of Mel's pussy Jim would bury the full length of his cock all the way back in.

"Yeah, pound that cock into me" Mel exclaimed. Jim did just that, slamming his cock again and again into Mel's wet and wild pussy. Just as Jim thought he would explode Mel began to shiver and cream all over his plunging cock. Jim continued to fuck Mel through her orgasm. Just as Mel collapsed from the great fuck Jim had given her he pulled his cock all the way out and stroked it off spurting another load of sweat cream all over Mel's asshole and down over her steaming wet pussy.

The great sex Mel was having with Jim just was not enough for this very horny girl. The sex was just making her want for more. She was ready to experiment with some more erotic pleasures. She was constantly thinking about what it would be like to have sex with Jim and another man or girl. The thought of getting ravished by two men had her in a high state of arousal. In her sex crazed mind she imagined watching Jim have sex with another woman and her. One of them riding his hard cock and the other getting a good licking from his active tongue. She was sure there would be opportunities for her at college but her excitement was so great she couldn't wait until fall.

So, Mel came up with a plan!

Mel was pretty sure that Jim may have had sex with another girl in Town. She had heard that this girl Kim was attending summer soccer games that Jim played in. She knew that after the games groups of people would hang around drinking beer and socializing. It appeared that Kim was going out with another guy named Joe. Joe and Kim were the same age, three or four years older than Jim. She couldn't prove it but she could see a look in Jim's eye whenever there was any mention of Kim. A kind of lustful look she saw when Jim was having sex with her. If her instincts were correct than here was an opportunity for her to expand her sexual experiences. Her plan was to see if she could convince the three of them to join her in a sexual orgy.

The rumors that Joe had a really big cock just added more urgency to implementing her plan. As much as she liked Jim's very nice sized cock, the thought of a larger cock to suck and fuck with made her pussy start oozing so much juice it would make her panties soaking wet.

Mel had already started her plan as her and Jim were cuddled together after their hot sex session. With Jim lazily fingering her pussy as she stroked his cock Mel asked: "Jim, have you ever thought about having sex with someone besides me?"

"Well, sure" Jim replied, "Why do you ask?"

Mel: "I just think it would be a big turn on watching you get a blow job or fucking another girl"

Jim: "You mean you want to watch me have sex with someone while you watch?"

Mel: "I want to watch and join in too. I also want to have you watch me have sex with another guy and to have sex with you and another guy."

Jim: "Wow"

Mel: "Wow, good or wow bad?"

Jim: Wow good. It's getting me turned on thinking about it."

Mel laughing: I can tell by how your cock is getting hard again."

Jim: "Who the hell would we get to do this with us?"

Mel: "Well I was wondering about Joe and Kim."

Jim thought about what Mel had said and then knowing his buddy Joe he was pretty sure he would be all for it. That Kim had sex with both Joe and Jim not two weeks earlier, seemed to him she would not have any objections either. He had wanted to tell Mel about having sex with Kim and now he figured it was best to come clean. So he told her about the story of the hot sex he and Joe had with Kim.

Jim had thought Mel might be angry at him for having sex with Kim, but as he told her the story he could tell by the gushing pussy juice on his hand that it just turned her on. Her hand was even more insistent on his now hard cock and before he even finished the story Mel was sitting on his lap with her pussy sliding up and down with increasing intensity. With a few more strokes Mel soaked Jim's cock with pussy cum. A few seconds after reviving from her orgasm Mel started slowly grinding on Jim's cock until she felt it harden and then let loose with his third load of ball juice that evening.

As Mel had suggested Jim told Joe about Mel's desire to have sex with him and Kim. As Jim figured Joe was all for the idea and brought Jim right over to Kim's house and tell her what he had just told Joe. Kim seemed quite excited as well and wanted to know if they were going to do it right now. With the agreement they would all meet this Friday night at Kim;s house, Jim excused himself and left Kim and Joe. He was pretty sure Joe was starting to get hard and figured as soon as he left the two of them would be taking care of that bulge. Jim was feeling his cock harden with the thought of not only getting some more hot sex from Kim but having Mel joining in.

Mel, Kim, Jim and Joe had a very heightened sense of anticipation as Friday night approached. They all abstained from sex after Wednesday night just to make them even more excited come Friday. Early Friday evening Jim picked Mel up from her house, but instead of going to the movies like she had told her parents, they headed right over to Kim's house.

Kim lived in an apartment with her Grandmother and step brother. The apartment was in a large old house that had been turned into 3 apartment units one of which was Kim's Grandmother's. The apartment consisted of 3 bedrooms, a kitchen and adjoining living room with Kim's Grandmother's bedroom off of the living room she also had a half bath off of her bedroom. This afforded Kim's Grandmother her own privacy and by default Kim Too. Kim was in her section of the apartment which was on the opposite side of the apartment from her Grandmother and consisted of a small den like room with her bedroom connected to it along with a door to the kitchen. Fred, Kim's step brother, had a bedroom off of the Kitchen across from the bathroom his bedroom shared an adjoining wall to Kim's bedroom.

Joe had already arrived at Kim's when Mel and Jim showed up. As they entered Joe handed them both a cold beer and Kim offered them a seat on the sofa. Once Mel and Jim were seated Joe joined them on the sofa sitting on the end next to Kim who was in the middle with Jim and Mel was on the other end farthest from Joe. Once they all had a couple of swigs of beer Kim leaned around in front of Jim with her hand on his thigh and said to Mel, "So, I heard you wanted to watch me fuck your boyfriend?"

"As long as I get to fuck your boyfriend too!" exclaimed Mel. "I'm up for some real hot sex tonight. God, my pussy has just about soaked my panties right through just thinking about how hot it will be to watch and be watched having sex in front of other people. How about you?" asked Mel.

Kim: "I think we should start by getting these two guys out of their clothes. What do you think?"

Mel: "What are we waiting for? Why don't you get Jim naked while I get Joe's clothes off?"

With that Kim grabbed Jim's t-shirt and lifted it up over his head and telling Joe, "Get over to Mel and get naked."

Joe moved his way around Kim and Jim and stood in front of Mel. She reached immediately for his belt and as Joe kicked off his shoes Mel had his belt undone and was working on getting his pants open. Joe removed his t-shirt just as Mel was tugging down his pants. After Joe stepped out of his pants he stood in front of Mel with his hard cock bulging in his underwear. Mel rubbed his cock through his underpants and moved forward and placed her mouth over the obscene bulge as she continued to stroke it with her hand. Mel was getting very turned on and was almost afraid she would pass out with excitement.

By this time Kim had Jim naked and as he sat back on the sofa Kim keeled in front of him and taking his hard cock in her hand leaned forward and engulfed the entire shaft in her mouth. Mel looked over when she heard the groan of enormous pleasure that Jim let out as his cock was swallowed by Kim. As Mel watched Kim slowly let Jim's cock slide out of her mouth and the using her tongue lick circles around the tip of his it. By this time Joe and Mel seemed to be transfixed by the sex show going on right next to them, but not for long.

Mel pulled herself away from the exciting spectacle beside her and pulled Joe's cock out as she removed his underwear. Wrapping her hand around his shaft she was amazed at how she couldn't get her fingers all the way around it. Using her tongue she licked the cock head and slowly stroked the shaft with her hand. Joe was looking down at Jim's girlfriend giving him a blow job and felt intense excitement at the thought of how much it was turning all of them on. As good as Mel's mouth felt on Joe's cock he was determined to get this very sexy girl naked and his mouth on her pussy. So grabbing her arm he stood Mel up and taking her in his arms he pulled her tight against him and started kissing her. As they kissed the intensity increased and they explored each others mouths with their tongues, sucking and licking. Mel could feel Joe's hard on against her stomach and she ground herself against him.

Joe moved Mel away and started taking her clothes off. Looking next to him he noticed that Jim had already removed Kim's shirt and was getting her up to strip her as well. Once Joe had Mel naked he sat her back on the sofa and spreading her legs apart he descended onto her pussy with his tongue. Slowly licking and flicking his tongue on Mel's pussy from the bottom of her slit all the up and over her clit. As he maneuvered back to her succulent fuck hole he shoved his tongue as deep inside as he could. The sweat taste of Mel's pussy was driving him wild and he couldn't wait to shove his cock deep inside.

Kim was now beside Mel on the sofa with Jim licking intently at her moist pussy. Kim and Mel were both now moaning with pleasure as Mel asked, "How's my boyfriend at licking pussy Kim?".

Between moans of pleasure Kim replied, "He's got a great tongue and I'm going to juice all over his face pretty soon, and then I'm going to get on his cock and ride him until I come again, and if he still hasn't shot off his cream I'm going suck it out of him."

Kim then asked Mel, "Are you ready to fuck my boyfriend yet?

Mel didn't reply as she just at that moment started coming all over Joe's tongue. Joe continued to lick vigorously trying to keep Mel coming for as long as possible. Once Mel couldn't take it anymore she pushed Joe's head away from her pussy and told him to "ram that big cock in me and fuck me."

Joe was more than ready to oblige her. As he positioned himself he started rubbing his cock on Mel's very wet pussy. Joe could feel her juice coating the head of his cock and asked, "Do you want me to really just shove my cock in all the way?" 

"Yes, I'm so wet and ready give it to me as hard as you want" Mel replied. With that statement Joe pushed his cock the full length into Mel's steaming wet pussy. Both of them groaned with delight at the intense sensation of that first penetration. Joe didn't wait long after burying his cock in Mel's pussy before he was going full length in and out with powerful hard strokes.

Kim was true to her word as she was releasing her pent up orgasm onto Jim's face which was buried in her crotch. Pulling his face up to her Kim licked her juice off of Jim's face and kissed him deep. Seeing Joe fucking Mel next her on the couch was adding to her excitement. She couldn't believe how hot it was watching her boyfriend fucking another girl.

She stood up and turned Jim around so he could sit on the couch where she had been. Kim straddled Jim's lap and rubbing his cock deliciously against her pussy she heard him groan with pleasure. She positioned Jim's cock and with one swift move engulfed his cock to the bottom of her pussy. As Kim was watching Joe fuck Mel next to her she could see both of them watching her fuck Jim. God, was that turning her on more than she had ever been turned on in her whole life. Kim reached down and rubbed her pussy as she fucked on Jim's cock. Jim was holding on trying not to come but knew he wasn't going to last much longer the way Kim was fucking him.

Having Joe fucking his girlfriend right next to him was only adding to his excitement. All of a sudden Kim ground down hard on Jim's cock and let out a body shivering orgasm. It was all Jim could do to keep from coming but somehow he managed. Kim continued to keep Jim's cock buried deep inside her as together Kim and Jim watched Joe piston his cock in and out of Mel.

Joe was really slamming his cock into Mel and Mel was thrusting back as much as she could trying to take every last inch of his hard probing cock. Then Mel just came. She hadn't even realized she was going to come she just came and came hard. Joe continued to punish her dripping wet pussy with his hard thrusting cock as Mel continued to come again and again all over his cock shaft. With one final thrust Joe left his cock buried deep in Mel's pussy grinding against her mound as she seemed to just keep oncoming. Finally Mel's intense orgasm subsided.

Mel breathlessly said to Joe, "Switch places with me, I'm going to suck that load of sweet cream out of you."

Joe helped Mel up as he moved to take her place on the sofa. Kim was pulling herself of of Jim's cock and as Joe sat down next to Jim both Mel and Kim moved forward to get their nice juicy load of man cream.

"Let's see who can make them come first" Kim said to Mel.

"Game on!" replied Mel. As she watched Kim grab her boyfriend's stiff cock and lean forward and engulf it with her warm wet mouth. Kim started bobbing up and down on Jim's cock and the slurping sound as she sucked hard while stroking his cock filled the room.

Mel was stroking Joe's cock and suddenly realizing that she was kneeling there mesmerized by the excitement of watching Jim get blown by Kim, Mel decided she better get to work on Joe's cock. If she thought he had noticed her lack of attention she would have been wrong as Joe was just as mesmerized as Mel by the incredible hot girl mouth fucking Jim's cock right beside him. Joe was pulled out of his stupor when he felt the warm sucking of Mel's mouth on his very excited cock.
