 MEETING GINGER AND SHARON

Justin had recently moved into a complex of townhomes and apartments in Charlotte, NC. It was a popular singles place that had amenities and activities conducive to active people. Justin worked for a small consulting firm and he used his townhome as his business location. He had two bedrooms and he set one up as his office. Whenever he was not at a client site or on a sales call he worked from home. 

He liked the set up at the complex as he was active and stayed fit. There was a fitness center, large swimming pool, volleyball, and tennis and basketball courts. Justin was 27 years old, 6'2" and 190 pounds. He loved to play tennis, SCUBA dive, alpine ski and workout. He was in excellent shape and he loved the ladies. Justin had hazel eyes and light brown hair that he kept neatly cut.

Justin was working from home one Tuesday and it was a great day to be by the swimming pool. He had to read and respond to a Request-for-Proposal (RFP) from a prospective client so he elected to do it poolside. He made a blood-mary for himself and headed for the pool. It was a weekday and as usual the pool area was quiet. Justin moved a lounge to face the sun and pulled a side table over by him. He applied sun block to his body and then stretched out on the lounge. Occasionally sipping on his bloody-mary, he began reading the RFP.

Justin was poolside for nearly an hour before anyone else arrived at about 11:00 AM. He looked up as two very attractive young women wearing bikinis approached the pool. They walked right over to where Justin was sitting and he got a better look at them. They could pass for sisters based on their height and figures. One was blonde and the other brunette. Justin smiled at them as they set up the lounge chairs not far from where he was seated. The blonde smiled back and then spoke to him.

"I hope you don't mind if we sit here. This is the best place for the sun," she said more as a statement then a request.

"I don't mind at all," Justin replied.

He watched the young women move about and he felt his cock stir a little in his swim suit. He guessed them both to be about 5'5" tall and weigh no more than 110 pounds. They both had similar figures they he estimated to be 34-24-35. Their legs were shapely and they had flat tummies and curvy bottoms. The blonde had curly hair down to her shoulders and the brunette's hair was short cut in a pixie style. He guessed them to both be in their mid to late twenties.

"I'm Ginger and this is Sharon," the blonde said introducing them.

"I'm Justin. It's nice to meet you," he answered.

The brunette smiled and nodded and the Ginger spoke again. "So are you drinking alone?"

"I made a batch of bloody-marys and I was just going to get another one. Would you ladies like one," Justin offered.

"That would be great, what about you Sharon?" Ginger replied.

"Sure a bloody-mary would be great," Sharon accepted.

Justin got up from his lounge and he felt their eyes on him. He was proud of his physical appearance and he looked good in his tight boxer style swimsuit. He went back to his townhome and got the pitcher of bloody-marys and two more plastic cups. He returned to the pool and served the two women. Justin knew at that moment that he wasn't going to get much work done that afternoon.

Justin lifted his glass and offered a toast to the girls, "Cheers!"

They returned the gesture and then the three of them chatted and got to know each other in the next hour. Justin explained his job as a consultant and that he worked from home. He learned that Ginger and Sharon were flight attendants and that they were flying international routes out of Charlotte. Ginger was scheduled for her next flight that upcoming Friday but Sharon was off until Monday.

The three of them got along and Justin invited them to his place later that afternoon for a cookout. He had a gas grill set up on the small deck and he grilled hamburgers for them. They returned to the pool after lunch and relaxed the rest of the day. They exchanged contact information before the girls returned to their own apartment. Justin went back to his home and worked on the RFP some more but his mind kept wondering back to the two beauties he met earlier. Justin thought about asking Sharon out for the weekend but he felt awkward doing it with Ginger present. He was actually more attracted to Ginger, probably because of her super fine ass but she was going to be working on the weekend.

TIME WITH SHARON

On Friday, Justin decided to ask Sharon out for dinner and she accepted. She was pleased that he called as she had no plans for Friday. They had a great dinner and afterward they went for a walk. Sharon took Justin's arm and cuddled to him as they strolled along. They stopped several times and kissed and then resumed walking. Justin was anxious to get Sharon back home but when they arrived at their complex, she said goodnight and went to her apartment. Justin had a woody and he was disappointed that he didn't get laid that night. 

Sharon took a liking to Justin but here were two reasons that Sharon didn't sleep with him that Friday night. First, she made it a rule that she never slept with a guy on a first date. Secondly, Sharon was not that horny as she and Ginger had made passionate love the night before. Unbeknown to Justin, Ginger had taken good care of Sharon's pussy. Justin resisted the temptation to masturbate that night as he thought about Sharon and Ginger both. He dozed off thinking about going clubbing Saturday night and maybe getting lucky. Justin usually had no trouble picking up girls at the clubs.

Justin slept in Saturday morning. He was still in his sleep shorts sipping coffee and reading the paper on his deck when the phone rang. He answered the phone and he was surprised to hear Sharon's voice.

"Good morning, I wanted to say thanks for dinner last night," she started.

"Your welcome, I enjoyed your company," Justin replied.

"I'm glad. That's why I called. Do you want some company later? I have some shopping to do but I don't feel like being alone this evening," she offered.

"Sure, I was going to go clubbing but I'd rather stay in. We could do a movie and a pizza."

"A movie and pizza would be great. I'll come over about four o'clock. Is that okay?"

"Four would be perfect, I'll see you then."

Justin decided to finish up the RFP before Sharon arrived later. He worked on the proposal until 3:00 PM and then he showered and dressed. Justin put on tan shorts and a polo shirt and he wore sandals. At four on the dot, Sharon arrived at his townhome. When Sharon arrived at Justin's, he opened a bottle of wine and put the pizza in. They sat in his living room and chatted until the pizza was ready. Justin selected a movie which they watched while they ate pizza and drank wine.

When the pizza was consumed, Sharon curled up on the sofa next to Justin and he put his arm around her as they watched the movie. They killed the first bottle of wine and Justin opened a second one. By the time the movie was over they had finished the second bottle of wine. Sharon was feeling the effects of it and she also felt very amorous. She had purposely had more than usual and she felt very wicked. Things then moved quickly and Sharon found herself in Justin's arms. Justin soon had Sharon moaning into his mouth as he kissed her deeply.

Justin's hands began to move over Sharon's body and then found their way under her blouse and bra. Justin cupped her firm 34 B tits and twirled her rock hard nipples between his fingers. Sharon was extremely turned on and her panties were soaking wet. She wondered if Justin could smell the dampness in her panties. Sharon's hand drifted into Justin's lap and she ran it over the bulge in his shorts. She gasped when she felt his erection through his pants.

No words were spoken as Justin stood up and picked Sharon up in his arms as though she was a feather. He carried her to his bed. Justin carefully put Sharon on the bed. Justin smiled down at her and then he confidently removed her clothes. Sharon's firm tits came into view and her hard nipples stood out proudly. Justin then peeled her shorts and panties down and off her legs and stared briefly at her lovely body.

Sharon watched Justin as he undressed. By the time he removed his shorts his cock was already hard and stuck out from his body. Justin was in an unmistakable state of desire as his huge cock stood out at attention. Sharon was in awe of his cock as she looked at it. His cock was not menacing to Sharon but impressive and beautiful, that is if a cock could be called beautiful. Justin then began his journey down her body and his first stop with her breasts. Justin sucked on her tits and rock hard nipples for a long time. Sharon was groaning and she could feel the tingling in her loins.

Justin continued his descent down her body and spent a lot of time kissing her flat firm abs before her bypassed her pussy and kissed and licked her thighs. Sharon's pussy was sopping wet and she dying for Justin to tongue her pussy. Justin lifted Sharon's legs up and placed them on his shoulders then he kissed her inner thighs and blew lightly on her pubes. Sharon flinched at the sensation and then she tried to push her pussy toward Justin's mouth. Justin prolonged the teasing until she pleaded with him.

He tickled her outer lips with his tongue and then let it slip inside her vagina. Sharon was so wet that his tongue slid in easily and she unconsciously tightened her grip on his head. He moved his mouth toward her and closed it over her pussy shoving his tongue into her wetness. Sharon cried out and grabbed his head again and held it tight to her quim. Justin sucked on her hard clit and she bucked her hips up into his face. He reached under her and cupped her shapely ass cheeks in his hands as he drove into her pussy with his tongue and nibbled on her clit.

The climax rocked her body and Justin held on for dear life as she thrashed, twisted and bucked all over the bed. Justin kept right on eating her pussy and he held onto her shapely ass as she thrashed about. Sharon slowly calmed after her intense orgasm but Justin continued to lick her until her pussy was dry. As they lay on the bed Justin continued to kiss her bare thighs as she ran her hands through his hair.

He moved up between her legs as Sharon stared at the big cock about to enter her pussy. She couldn't wait for him to fill her pussy with his meat. Justin slid in and out of her pussy slowly allowing her to adjust to his size and continued to go deeper with each thrust until he was buried balls deep in her pussy. Justin could feel his balls start to tighten and he knew it wouldn't be long before he filled her pussy with his cum. Sharon stiffened and then had another violent orgasm.

She yelled, "Hold me, please hold me, I'm cummmming!" 

Justin reached around behind her and pulled her toward him as she shook and trembled throughout her intense orgasm. As she was cumming so did he and he fired a barrage of cum into her pussy. As she started to recover Justin laid her back down on the bed and slowly fucked her as his cock remained hard. Justin's cock was swimming in her cunt. He eased his big cock out of her pussy and lay down beside Sharon on the bed. He reached over and stroked her firm tits and hard nipples as she still breathed deeply from the intensity of her orgasm. After a few minutes Justin was ready to fuck again so he rolled Sharon over on her side and slipped his big cock back in her pussy. He reached around with both hands and diddled her clit with one hand and stroked her tits with the other. Sharon had never had sex like so intense in awhile. Justin seemed to be tireless and Sharon was beginning to feel insatiable. She wanted Justin to fuck her forever or at least as long as they both could last.

"Can I stay here tonight? I don't want to be alone," Sharon asked in a whisper.

"Absolutely, I would love for you to stay the night," Justin told her.

Justin began to tease her anus and it seemed as if he was testing the water. "Justin you can finger my ass but don't try to put your cock in there," she cautioned.

Justin honored her request even though he would have loved to take her ass. He fucked her until they were both tired and fell asleep in each other's arms. Sharon dozed off in Justin's arms but when she awoke in the morning he was hard again and ready to fuck some more. Sharon started to play with Justin's cock she loved holding the thick meat in her tiny hand. Justin smiled and caressed her tenderly. They hugged and stroked each other for quite awhile before Sharon was ready to fuck but by then she was so ready she almost came when Justin's cock head just touched her pussy.

Justin slowly eased his cock into Sharon's tight pussy. He pushed in a little and then backed out then back in and back out. Justin was gentle and took his time feeding his big cock to her. Sharon caught herself holding her breath and then reminded herself to breathe. Her pussy was sopping wet which served to make Justin's entry a lot easier. Just when Sharon didn't think he could go any deeper he did once again taking her breath away. Sharon didn't realize that Justin was all the way in her pussy because she had felt so full for the past several minutes. Justin began to fuck her slowly and she continued to open up for him.

Once Justin's hips began to move with more authority Sharon realized that she had taken the entire cock into her pussy and she began to move with him. Justin was racing toward a massive ejaculation and Sharon was like a dog in heat. They fucked each other as if they were racing each other toward an orgasm, which in a sense they were. Sharon's body shuddered and rocked in climax first and she held tightly to Justin, digging her heels into the back of his body. Justin stiffened as he always did and then fired round after round of hot cum into Sharon's cunt. Sharon could feel the force and volume of his cum shots and it turned her on so much that she continued to orgasm until Justin collapsed on top of her body. 

Justin's cock gradually deflated inside of Sharon's pussy and slipped out with a trail of cum trickling on Sharon's inner thighs. Justin rolled to her side and the two of them rested as they recovered for the intensity of their recent orgasms. Justin's wet cock lay against the side of Sharon's thigh and she could feel his cum start to dry on her skin.

"Come on let's shower together and then I'll take you out for breakfast," he whispered.

They showered together, dressed and then went out for breakfast. Justin took Sharon to a quaint French bakery and she was thrilled as it was her first time there. "I didn't even know this place existed. I can't wait to tell Ginger about it," she told Justin.

"Yeah I like it. My favorite is the soft boiled egg with French bread and a latte."

"I think I'll opt for the fruit tart and a latte."

They placed their order and Sharon made a request of Justin. "Please don't mention our sleeping together to Ginger."

"Don't worry; I like to be discreet too."

"Thanks! We both have our share of affairs but I like to be more discreet than Ginger is about her encounters."

"My lips are sealed."

Justin and Sharon finished their breakfast had a second latte and left the bakery. Sharon had a flight out Sunday night so she needed to get home and get ready. Even though he would have liked to fuck Sharon again, Justin had to finish up the RFP so he wasn't upset that she had to leave. Justin spent the rest of Sunday on his assignment and had it ready for submission on Monday. 

LEARNING ABOUT GINGER

Four days later on a Thursday afternoon Justin ran into Ginger at the pool again. He knew that Sharon was flying and that Ginger would be home alone. Once she pulled up a lounge next to his, he knew that he wasn't going to get any more work done. Justin watched as Ginger got set up and then applied sun block on her body. She covered the front of her body not covered by her skimpy bikini. As he watched her, Justin felt his cock stir, particularly when she bent over to do her legs displaying her super fine ass.

"There that will do it for now," she said as she turned and smiled at Justin. 

"How was your flight?" Justin inquired.

"It sucked. They usually do but I like the international flights better than the domestic ones especially when I get to work first and envoy class."

"Do you get to see much of Europe?"

"Sometimes but the first day, we are all tired. Sharon and I have been to a number of cities on vacation since we can fly free and that is cool. We love Paris and Barcelona."

"I like those cities too. Lot's of pretty women and great food," Justin added.

Ginger smiled at him and then asked, "Hey what are you doing later? I'm home alone and I was going to make some pasta and drink some wine. Want to join me?"

"Love to, I'll bring the wine," Justin accepted.

"Great!" she replied and then said, "I'm going to read for awhile. I've been meaning to finish this book."

"That's cool I need to read this paper for work anyway," Justin told her.

The two of them returned to their reading for about an hour before Ginger decided to lie on her tummy. "Hey Justin, do me a favor and put some lotion on my back and shoulders, okay."

"My pleasure," he said and sat up.

Justin moved closer to Ginger and poured lotion in his hands. He gently rubbed the lotion onto her body and he loved the feel of her soft warm skin. He started at her shoulders and worked his way down to her lower back. He gazed at her lovely curvy ass and it was all he could do not to touch it. 

"How about the back of your legs, do want me to do them too?"

"Sure, since you got your hands all oily."

Justin applied the lotion to each leg and rubbed it into her silky smooth skin. He cock was rock hard by the time he finished with her legs. Ginger glanced at him and she saw the bulge in his swimsuit. She smiled as she remembered that Sharon had bragged about his big cock. She thought to herself that hopefully she would get to experience it later. Justin made his way over to the pool and jumped in. he was thankful that he and Ginger were the only ones there as his erection was very visible in his tight swimsuit. The water cooled his jets and he returned to his lounge.

They stayed in the sun until about 4:00 PM and then Ginger said, "Let's go to my place and I'll get dinner started."

"Shouldn't I change first?" Justin questioned.

"No you're fine, we're just having pasta," Ginger replied.

"I'll swing by my place and grab the wine and put on a pair of shorts. I'll be over shortly," Justin told her.

"Okay, see you in a few."

They picked up their items and headed to their own place. Justin changed into shorts and grabbed two bottles of red wine. He arrived at Ginger's place minutes later. She had wrapped a sarong around her lower body but she was still in her bikini. She got the water going for pasta and Justin opened the wine. They killed one bottle before dinner and finished off the second when they were done eating. That's when Ginger blew Justin's mind.

"I'm ready to fuck. How about you?" she announced.

Not another word was spoken and Justin followed Ginger into her bedroom where they quickly stripped off their clothes and got in her king sized bed. Justin crawled between Ginger's legs and he moved his mouth toward her and closed it over her pussy shoving his tongue into her wetness. Ginger cried out and grabbed his head and held it tight to her quim. Justin lapped at her pussy as he fingered her with two fingers. Then he spread her pussy lips apart and located her super sensitive clit. Justin sucked on her hard clit and she bucked her hips up into his face. Justin reached under her and held her shapely ass cheeks in his hands as he drove into her pussy with his tongue and nibbled on her clit.
