 I have to tell you all about what happened to me Friday night. I know I have been in many situations before but this is even new to me. It is just one more in a long line of things that I could never have imagined if it hadn't happened to me.

I was just getting ready to leave work when Ronnie called. I am now working as a dental hygienist. Anyway, Ronnie wanted me to come by before I went home, she made the excuse she needed my help with something. Friday nights are usually my night to drink and unwind from the stress of the week, but hey a friend in need is more important than my need to get drunk. 

Ronnie lives in a huge apartment in mid town and I always have envied her life style but could never afford it. I never asked her how she managed to pay for such lavish living when she had no apparent source of income. I had my ideas but then it was not my concern.

When I arrived at her place the door man buzzed me up and Ronnie met me at the elevator. She was barely dressed in a red teddy which hid very little and exposed the rest, She did have the decency to cover it with a matching cover all of a robe. Her hair was done in a new style that made her look somewhat like Veronica Lake. Her make up was barely visible and her mouth was accented by a bright red color she had heightened by glossing. I wanted to eat her up right there. Instead we hugged and kissed and went into her apartment.

When we entered the living room I saw that Ronnie had two guests. Both were huge in size. 6 foot and more and there was no sign of fat on either of them, both were African Americans. As I came in they rose from the couch and Ronnie introduced them as Darin and Jerome. I would never remember their names but I could always tell them apart by other means.

Ronnie is a petite woman, 4 feet 2 inches maybe 95 pounds. I couldn't imagine her with either of these men in bed. They would tear her a new everything. I took Ronnie by the hand and lead her to the bedroom. I wanted to know what was up and I didn't want the men to hear me. Well she started by telling me that if I went along it would mean a lot of extra cash for me, then she explained that she was going to take on the both of them but needed a back up if they got to be too much. Would I be willing to join the party?

Had I realized what the party was going to end up being I might have changed my mind right there but you'll see what I mean. We agreed to help each other and while she went to entertain the men I changed into one of her many outfits, I let my hair down and touched up my lipstick. I removed all my clothes then I put on a light blue teddy that Ronnie had laid out for me. I figured I wouldn't be wearing any of it for very long.

When I got back to the living room the party had already begun. Both men were sitting naked on the couch one on either side of Ronnie. She had her hands full of two of the biggest cocks I had ever seen. As she stroked their cocks one was playing squeeze the melons with her tits and the other had his hand buried between her legs. She was exchanging kisses we each one in turn.

I walked over and asked if I could join the party, Darin stopped fondling Ronnie's tits and stood up. He towered over me and his cock was almost up to my tits. He slipped the straps off my shoulders and slid the teddy down until it fell to the floor. He held his cock in his massive hand and told me to have a taste. I did as he asked.

My mouth was almost to small to take the big cock in but I managed to surround the shaft and as I began to work my magic on his cock he grabbed my head and filled my mouth and throat with his big cock gagging me. He laughed as I choked and gagged with each thrust of his big cock as he fucked my face. I was finally able to manage his cock and he began to tell me how much he liked it. I used my hands to message his balls and jerk his cock but I knew he didn't want to cum just yet. I worked his cock good and fast to tease him and felt satisfied when he groaned with the pleasure I was giving him. Before he could get off his load he stopped me, pulling my hair to pull me off his cock.

He had me kneel in one of the overstuffed chairs and he got behind me and guided his big cock to my pussy. When he pushed the big head in I let out a gasp. I was not yet wet and it hurt at first. It didn't take long for the pain to go away as he began his jack hammer action. His long thick cock thrust deep in and out of my pussy as he gripped me by the hips. The squishing sound of his cock going in and out got louder as my pussy got wetter. I had two quick organisms which helped to lubricate my pussy. He wanted something different so he pulled out and turned me around. He held his arms under my thighs and pushed his big cock in my hot pussy as he held my legs up making me brace against the chair as he fucked me. This angle afforded him full access and he drove his cock the full length deep in and out faster and faster. Just as he was about to let loose he pulled out and had me take his cock in my mouth again, he wanted to fill me with his cum and he did. His cock exploded with hot juices and I gagged as I tried to swallow it all, some escaping out of my mouth ran down my chin on to my tits. When I had sucked him dry he fell in the chair spent for now.

While I was being hosed by Darin I saw Ronnie on the couch sitting on Jerome's big cock. She was riding him with her back to him, her head was back and her eyes looked glazed over. As she bounced up and down on his big cock she was holding her tits to keep them flopping. Jerome had his hands on her hips pressing her up and down as he rose up to greet her. Both men were letting us know what they liked and with words like" Fuck me baby, ride that cock bitch, I'm gonna fuck you silly bitch.'

My attention was brought back to what Darin was doing. He had gotten hard again and was pressing his massive cock in my asshole. I pleaded with him no to, saying it wouldn't fit but he ignored me and I felt the pain as my ass was reamed by his huge cock. Once he had the head in the rest followed and he pulled my hips back and I heard him say" bitch you have a tight ass, after I'm done with you it won't be." He was right it would never be the same. It didn't last long he was driving his cock fast and hard deep in my ass the tightness was too much for him and I soon felt him stiffen and my ass became full of hot cum as he jerked and hollered while filling me up. When he pulled out I felt relief. 

Jerome must have been watching because as I was trying to clean off Darin's cum I watched as he turned Ronnie over and how he got that big cock in her as without splitting her wide open I'll never know. But he had her impaled on his cock and was pumping her like a driller from above as she moaned into the pillows on the couch. He too soon found the touch too much and as he pulled out he let loose a spurt of cum that splattered over Ronnie's ass and back. Some of it went in her hair as well. Ronnie collapsed on the couch as Jerome stood up. Both men were still hard, their cocks dripping cum. I went and got a towel from the bathroom for each of them and then Ronnie and I went in to clean up. 

Don't get me wrong, I had been fuck in the ass before and so had Ronnie but never by such big cocks and it hurt. After rinsing out and cleaning up we returned to the living room.

The men had split up and now Jerome was on the couch and Darin was in the overstuffed chair. They had dried off; both had been sweating a lot from the latest action, and were sitting slowing jerking on their big cocks. "hey bitch my cock needs a hot mouth to make it feel good.' This was from Jerome, echoed by Darin. This time I took Jerome and Ronnie got Darin. We knelt before them and began giving them head. Jerome liked it when I licked his big shaft and then sucked on the big head like a lollipop. Ronnie was having the big cock rammed down her throat and I knew the feeling. When they had both gotten throbbing hard it was Jerome who told us what was next. They were going to fuck each of us at the same time. Two big cocks like theirs at the same time. 

I told them it wasn't possible and I couldn't handle it. He told me I could and I would. But first it was Ronnie's turn. As Darin sat on the edge of the couch he had Ronnie sit on his cock while facing him. Then he got off the couch holding her by the hips. Jerome then got behind Ronnie and guided his big cock in her freshly fucked ass. With Ronnie sandwiched between them like an Oreo cookie they fucked her from both ends. I watched as each man drove his cock in and out making Ronnie writhe in pain. As one massive cock would thrust in the other was coming out and then back in again. 

Then it was my turn. Only with me they got on the floor and with Jerome under me filling my pussy with his big cock Darin got on from behind and the two big cocks fucked at the same time. I couldn't tell which cock got deeper but I could feel them touching between the skin separating my ass from my cunt. As they rubbed together it was like a fire and before long I was trying to put it out with orgasm after orgasm. Jerome was sucking on my tits as they fucked me and my nipples were hard which he liked sucking first one then the other. 

The stamina of these two big men was more than I had seen in men before. When Darin finished with my as he went over to Ronnie and began fucking her from the front. He had her legs high and wide and was pumping his big black cock deep in and out. Then he bent her over and was driving his cock down into her faster and faster. I watched as he filled her full of his big cock Then he pulled out and filled her mouth with his cock until he shot his big load of cum down her throat. Ronnie liked cum on her and licked the sweet sticky cum off her tits and hands.

Meanwhile Jerome and I were going at it too. I was straddling him and riding on his big cock enjoying the feel of his big hard cock as it rammed deep inside me. Jerome was squeezing my big tits and trying to catch my nipples in his mouth as my tits bounced up and down. Jerome had me now by the cheeks of my ass and was lifting me up and down on his cock as he drove up into me with renewed vigor. He was ready to cum and so was I. When he shot his load I matched him spasm for spasm as my body was racked with the joy of orgasm. 

I knew the time had come to end the festivities when both the guys started to get dressed. I was sad and glad. I didn't want anymore of either of those cocks in my ass again anytime soon, but the feel of those massive cocks drilling my pussy was a joy.

When they had left Ronnie and I cleaned up and sat enjoying a drink. That's when Ronnie told me that the night had been a test for me. I had passed. Now would I be interested in doing more of the same on a regular basis for the right price. I'm not sure but the $1,000 she handed me for the nights work sure convinced me. Soon I too would be living in the style Ronnie had become accustom to.