 Road Trip 

"Hey, turtles! We were supposed to have left ten minutes ago!" Keith yelled towards the open door of his house as he hoisted his suitcase and duffle bag into the back of his SUV. 

He grabbed the rolling case of his girlfriend, Jill, and placed it next to his. 

Quinn stuck his head into the crack of his home's door. "I'm ready but I can't speak for my loving sweetheart. You know how women are when they go in the bathroom. People can grow a beard by the time they come out!" 

Around that time, Quinn's other half, Myra, made certain to bump him on her way outside. She was toting bags of chips, cookies, fruit, and other goodies. 

Myra said, "It's funny y'all never complain when we come out looking like we're hot and ready for a night on the town." 

Keith grabbed the snacks and stuffed them in the back of the vehicle. 

"Yeah, you tell them, Myra!" Jill put her hand up for a high-five and Myra was all too happy to slap it. "Acting all sexist like we don't have to wait on them three hours for the football game to go off. Until that happens, we're invisible. 'The house is fire, honey! Okay, wait until the game ends and I'll deal with it!' That's me and Keith." 

Jill threw her hip into Keith's with the entirety of her pearly whites gleaming at him. 

Keith tossed his hands up. "I never said I wasn't guilty but I did make sure you had everything you needed before and after those three hours, right? Come on, tell me!" 

Jill slapped her hips and searched for a rebuttal but submitted to the truth. "Okay, sure, sure. There is a reason I keep you around, I guess." 

"Haha." Keith faked a genuine laughed and spanked Jill's heart-shaped ass making it jiggle. "Whatever! You know I can always move on to Myra if you don't admit we're together because of how in love you are with me!" 

Jill's hand flew to her ass where she hissed and tried rubbing the sting out of it. "Owwww, damn, that hurt! Mmm, fine, I'm in love with you! Happy, sweetie?" 

Keith granted Jill a kiss that lingered until their lips toasted and his other half experienced the ignition of heat that flowed from them to the rest of her body. "Ooh, so you kind of love me, too." 

Quinn saddled behind them and threw his arm around Myra. "Hey, hey! Get a room, guys!" 

Jill pulled away from the kiss with her chest in furious thumps. "Um, that's what we're doing when we get to the beach! I thought we went over this?" 

Quinn tapped the nonexistent watch on his wrist. "Well, I seem to recall someone saying me and Myra were slow as turtles but we have to wait while you two drool all over each other. Like the world wants to see that." 

Jill punched Quinn's gut. "Um, hum. Like we've never seen you and Myra getting it on. Can't last one movie night without shoving tongues into each other's mouths. It's okay. It's kinda hot so I don't say anything." 

Keith arranged everything in the back of their ride and slammed the door. "Speaking of hot, it feels like the Sahara out here so let's get to some water!" 

"Yeah! Alright! Woo-hoo! Let's do it!" the four cheered in unison. 

Keith opened the backseat door and Quinn asked, "Whoa, buddy. Where are you going?" 

"Sir, I don't know about anyone else but it looks like I'm getting into the back. You get first dibs on driving." 

"We never decided on that. No coin flip, no beer drinking contest, no sports bet, nada. Besides, it's your car." 

"All of that is true but I did beat you getting ready. That counts for something. I'll take over when we're halfway there." 

Quinn nodded. "Okay, but that means you'll be driving at night." 

Keith said, "Fine, I'll drive now." 

Quinn opened the front passenger side door for Myra. "Too late, bro! You should have thought of that! I would say 'got ya' but you did it to yourself." 

Jill squeezed by Keith and took a handful of his manhood. It took less than a second for it to expand and attempt to fight out of his khaki shorts. 

"Get in, baby. That just means we get to have fun first." Jill said it near his ear with much sultriness. Due to work, either one or the other would succumb to the sandman before they could have alone time, so she couldn't wait for this day to come. 

"Oh, um, yeah, coming, honey!" Keith crawled onto the vinyl seat. 

Quinn took the wheel and after settling in, they were off! 

Jill tucked her sunglasses into her brunette locks, kicked off her sandals, and laid back while sipping water from a bottle she grabbed from the cooler in back. The liquid slithering through her system was chilling. Along with the air blasting from the air conditioning and the rumbling beneath her, she found herself in the state of relaxation she had longed for since the four of them planned this trip in January. 

Keith came by with his mesmerizing grin everyday on his way into the office. She worked the front desk of Next-Gen Technologies as secretary. She didn't understand a bit of his technical jargon but a man passionate about what he did and the software he created got her attention. She would sit with her elbow propped, chin in her palm, and listen with a dreamy grin. He let her sample the cookies and cakes he created during his self-taught baking ventures but she sensed he did it to find his way to cozying up next to her. Not that she had a problem with that. Keith would listen to her ramble on about her nights on the town but his interest perked when she spoke about her taking night classes to finish her bachelor's in journalism so she could move to Public Relations. Being a man of ambition, she thought throwing those nuggets out there might have him gravitate in her direction. Paying for school was another story... 

Three months after meeting, Keith asked her out and she couldn't get over how cute it was how he stumbled over his words. He griped at his flub but to his delight, she found it endearing and said, "yes." A year later, they were still tied together and she couldn't have been happier. 

Keith and Quinn were more like brothers than best friends. They also met on the job. Prior to the four sharing a house, the guys spent every weekend at each other's homes watching football, playing fantasy sports, and speaking some foreign language where she could only make out the words, "hard drives, graphics cards, and video games." All subjects she gave a big smile and nod to when they talked about them. When the guys tried to have their fun, Jill would tug Quinn aside and ask to teach her something from the karate classes he took. For making her feel safe, she could tolerate their "man time." She even bought a jersey and jumped into the madness—for a bit to their cheers. 

A miracle was what it took to pry Myra's nose from the pages of Stephen King and James Patterson and despite her two to three word sentences, Jill wouldn't cease her attempts at girl-bonding. A few months of jabbering and complimenting her adeptness at being able to explain photosynthesis and mitosis, Myra's shell cracked and out seeped her trips to art museums and stage plays. Jill was compelled to "invite" herself along to her next outing and lo and behold, friendships were born. It took a herd of stallions and a few shots to get Myra to the dance floor but when she did, Jill had her shaking her hips and wiggling her little bubble butt with the best of them. Myra's dance time limit stopped at five minutes but Jill made it her mission to work on that. 

Jill's other mission involved taking in the rock and roll Quinn fired up on the satellite radio as they traveled to the beach. In the midst of her daze, some fingers walked over and tangled themselves in hers. She turned her head towards her lover and a smile stretched to the sides of her cheeks. The squinted eyes and wicked half smirk...what was he thinking about? 

"Hey, you're awfully quiet. Are you sick?" Keith asked. 

"It's called relaxed, honey. Three hours of sleep, packing, hotels losing reservations, scrambling through the mall to find a new two-piece for the beach—yeah, I'm too beat to even run my mouth." 

"You can always use your mouth for something else..." 

"Really? Jill rolled her eyes and slapped his shoulder with a grin. She groped his cock again and he was a rock. "Mmm, he is ready for me, isn't he?" 

"Yeah, and uh, it would be your reward for the marvelous job you did planning our trip and getting everything together." 

"What kind of logic is that? Serving you is my reward. Explain that exactly." 

Keith unclicked his seatbelt and closed the gap between them. "Well...the happier he is, the better he'll treat you later." 

"I like the sound of that," Jill said as she unbuttoned Keith's shorts and yanked down the zipper, "but, you know I don't need a reason. I do it because I love you." 

Quinn peered over his shoulder for a split-second. "'Oh, I love you so much sugar bear. Gimme a kiss!'" He made smacking noises with his lips and Jill tapped his dome. 

"Shut up, Quinn!" Jill said. "You're just mad because I'm not getting ready to suck your dick." 

"Hey, I'm driving!" Quinn said swatting at her hand. "Don't be touching on my head like that. You wish it was my other head but too bad for you, hehe." 

Jill pulled down her man's shorts enough to fiddle around inside to bring his loins out to play. She slithered her hands around it from the base and made her way up its length to the head and down again in agonizingly slow strokes. 

Keith said, "Mmm, yeah...hey, Quinn. Let me give you some advice, brother. My woman has all the cock she can handle right here so she doesn't need yours. Thanks." 

Quinn pinned his focus to the asphalt. "That's not what I heard." 

Myra pinched Quinn's side and he jumped. "What did you hear?" 

"Oww, baby!" Quinn leaned into the door next to him but it wasn't like he couldn't escape her range. "Nothing. Only that no one can pleasure a man the way you can." 

Myra returned her face to her novel and legs to the dash. "Oh, okay. I thought I heard that, too. Maybe you need a reminder so you won't be able to think about Ms. Secretary back there." 

Jill held Keith's swollen head a breath's distance from her mouth. "All you have to do is ask if you want some tips, Myra!" 

Quinn jumped in. "She's perfect the way she is in case you missed it." 

Myra giggled, kissed his cheek and all its bristles. She continued flipping pages with a glow that wouldn't go away. 

"Well said, my friend," Jill said as Keith's cock became the center of her focus. 

She parted her lips and her warm breaths coated his bell-shaped head. He watched with eyes that didn't blink as she opened wider and lowered until she consumed most of his cock. She attached her lips to it, dragged them over his shaft to the head, and down again. She flicked his pee slit and a hint of saltiness came with it. She whirled her tongue in circles around his top, down to his trimmed pubes, and left a trail of wetness back up again. She squeezed him at the bottom again and bobbed her head, her lips going low until they bounced off her fist. She moaned in response to his as Keith's pleasure was her own. 

He ran his fingers through her tresses and when he brushed her hair, being careful to evade her shades, the feel was akin to a massage that had her wanting to drift to the dream realm. 

Jill ventured further south to fondle his sac as she suckled his head. Keith described her lips as being like whipped cream and his manly growls encouraged her to speed her sucks. She took in more of him and sucked with speed as she played with his balls. Keith's legs wiggled and his eyes flickered. Jill swallowed more of his size until gagging and continued moving up and down him while jacking him. She licked him on one side and up the other. 

"Oh, yeah, mmm..." Keith probably didn't realize what he was saying but Jill kept her lips gliding all over his hardness and he expanded in her mouth. She popped him free and jerked him until she could feel him pulsing. 

Keith curled his hand around her wrist and Jill looked at him with a raised brow. He cupped the back of her neck and plunged into her mouth. Jill matched his assertiveness to keep up with his barrage of kisses and pressed hard against his lips time and again. He separated his lips and Jill did the same to accept the tongue that was to come. They played together and he kneaded her breasts through her yellow spaghetti strap top. He slid his smooth, manly hands inside and the flesh-on-flesh contact sent jolts speeding through her veins. 

"What do you want, baby?" Jill whispered in her bedroom tone. 

"I need to fuck you now," he said matching her voice. 

His admission lit a spark between her legs and she was pooling. "Mmm...I want it. Give it to me." 

Keith pinched her top at the bottom and jerked it upwards with Jill helping to free herself of it. As he was sending it to the floor, she reached behind and unhooked her bra. Her man yanked it away from her and it joined her top. She jiggled her breasts at him. He fumbled to pop loose her blue jean shorts' button and tear them to her ankles. Jill shook her ankles so they fell off the rest of the way but before she knew it, she was on her back with her legs open. 

Keith worked his way out of his shoes and pushed his shorts off to land upon his woman's. He positioned himself above Jill and scanned from her pink-lipped smile to her summer-kissed legs. He held his manhood at the entrance to her dripping slit. He gazed at Jill with a hunger she hadn't recognized in longer than she could remember. Tension gathered in her nether world and when his head brushed it, Jill inhaled as she tingled. Keith rubbed her clit and she burrowed her nails into the back of the seat as she waited for him to take her. 

He angled his loins at her wet crevice again, slipped inside, and straight to rocking their bodies together he went. The shock of his aggression forced a yelp from her and she laid back as his cock created heat while it grinded back and forth. 

"Yes, baby! Fuck me like that! Shit!" Jill struggled to speak as the air fled from her. 

"Mmm, you're damn right!" Keith mounted her and drove with intensity to Jill's depths. Perspiration burst from her skin as his manhood hit her core, eased away, and dove again. She spread to accommodate him and the stretching had electricity racing throughout. 

Keith's cock pulled away to her entrance with her folds holding his head and thrust to her deepest reaches. He pistoned screams out of Jill and she emptied her lungs to express how she felt about Keith's ravishing. He was merciless in his cock taking Jill. 

Their leers met. The sweat trickling through the veins in Keith's arms and the desire in his chocolate irises magnetized her to him on another level. He kissed her and held it as he clashed against her hips again. Jill moaned into his throat as her chest pumped. He grasped the back of her knees and she looked at his cock moving inside. The energy within was reaching the point of exploding. She tossed her neck back and ran a pair of digits onto her clit. She was speeding to a powerful climax. 

Keith's groaning grew louder but Jill decided she wasn't ready for it to end. She climbed upon him while bracing his shoulders and rocked her hips forward and back. Keith nodded in approval and Jill reveled in the fullness of his loins inside. 

"You're so big. I love it..." Jill came down on him, lifted herself, and bounced him again. She rose again, rode his head, and fell upon him. Keith locked onto her hips and controlled her bounding. She allowed Keith to swiftly glide upon him with her cream lubricating his manhood. He had her throwing her hips against his stone in repeated motions. 

Keith laid Jill aside, pulled away, and groaned like a beast as he stroked his juice-laden cock. Jill hopped up, took hold of it, and sucked his size. She couldn't deny the sweetness she coated him with and suckled him until the saltiness of his cum jets splashed the back of any her mouth. She swirled his slit to lap up cum that dared attempt escape. Keith quaked to his toes and collapsed against the seat with his arms out to the sides. 

Jill's siphoned satisfaction from Keith and he kissed her for her talents. 

"Ooh, baby!" Keith said after catching his wind and wiping his forehead. "You were fantastical as usual!" 

Jill launched herself to the vinyl. Ripples of arousal resonated from her womanhood. "'As usual?' I think I need to make my skills next-level!" 

"I didn't mean it that way, baby. You know what I'm saying." 

"Whew...I do...that was amazing..." 

The couple turned their ears to the clapping from the front. 

"Congrats, Keith!" Quinn said. "If you made her squeal like that, I take it you're doing something right. Maybe I should get some pointers from you!" 

"Get your windows tinted. That's my tip for the day!" Keith patted his friend's shoulder. 

Myra dropped her hand on Quinn's bulge. "We'll have our time when we get to the hotel, sweetheart." 

Jill finished dressing as she pulled her top overhead. "Don't let him wait that long! Do it now. Come on." 

Keith checked his phone. "Yeah, we still have six hours until we get there!" 

Myra rotated. "You guys are a bad influence, I swear. I'm so corrupted because of you." 

Jill sighed as she sat back and rested her eyes. "You haven't seen corruption yet." 

Quinn glanced at his lover. "You want to show everyone how much of a bad girl is hiding behind those little purple glasses." 

Myra laid her book on the dash and unzipped Quinn's jeans to pull out his manhood. "I can't believe I'm doing this. Who's paying the fine if we start seeing blue lights?" 

Keith said, "Myra, his cock isn't going to stroke itself..." 

"Okay, okay..." She curled her fingers around his manhood and rubbed along it like it was going to break. 

Her hands were barely bigger than a stress ball but her lotion-soft touch could send any man over the edge. 

"Faster..." Quinn said while putting extra effort into watching the traffic. 

Myra tightened her grip and ran her hands in swift jerks. 

"Like that?" she asked and her response came via a nod so she kept up her jerking. 

"Mmm, yes..." 

"Make sure we get to the beach in one piece, bro!" Keith said as he shifted his weight forward. "You can drive and cum at the same time without losing control, right?" 

"Ahh..." Rumbles flowed to Quinn's toes as Myra treated his beast to a rapid massaging. "I...guess we're going to find out...if we can make it! This feels so good, baby..." 

Keith released some tension and fell into the seat's rear. "Man, I hope I'll still be on Earth when I wake up!" 

Sometime later, Jill positioned herself where Keith's lap became her pillow and her legs were drawn into her body as she laid across the seat. The SUV appeared to hardly be moving despite the cars beside them and the buildings in the distance flying past in a blur. This kept Jill in the dimension centered somewhere between being sleep and awake. A perfect blend of peace with the warmth of closeness with her man. The faint whimpers coming from the seat in front of her faded into the lull of her state. With Keith's hand sweeping through her hair and across her back like a spoiled kitty, Jill couldn't have imagined a better place to exist. 

She was the only one of the quartet that had awareness to the other reason behind wanting them to get away. During Jill's martial arts training with Quinn, his "instruction" lit a certain part of her, the way he simulated punches and kicks by extending her arms and legs through his touch conjured a stirring in her womanhood. They ripped up the dance floor together and their moves had others around them taking notice. Being the centers of attention was like cocaine. The quiet times where their gazes came together brought upon her a rush that summoned guilt as though she was being emotionally unfaithful to Keith. 
