 The Story Continues...

Oh yeah, I replied. "We'll each tell the other all about you, and she'll make herself come, and I'll get really hard over and over again."

Debbie smiled at this.

I asked, "So what will you two tell each other the next time you're at a convention?"

They laughed, and Kim said "That we hope we run into you guys again!"

Gail chimed in "Hey, we travel..."

I looked at the three of them and asked "Are we done?"

"No!" was the answer from the three of them. "Well," Kim said, understanding in her voice, "I know you're pushing it a bit..."

Gail laughed. "No, really, he's not."

I jumped in "Better living through chemistry, and all that."

Gail looked at me. The Cialis was just kicking in; I was getting the mild headache I'd have all night.

They laughed, and then Kim asked "So what next?"

I looked at them and said, lowering my voice so they'd all have to listen closely.

"I say we each get to live out a fantasy. What does each of us want?"

"What do you mean?" asked Debbie.

"OK, seriously. When you masturbate at home, alone late at night...what do you think about? What gets you off that you've never told another soul?"

There was a moment of discomfort.

"Look, with respect, we're all smeared with each other's most intimate juices. We've seen each others' 'ohh' face more than once. We can share secrets."

"Speaking of smeared," Debbie started "I'm thinking a pee and a shower would be a great idea."

"Me too," said Gail. "I'll shower with my husband."

"Why?" Kim asked.

"Because you've just had sex with your friend and you probably feel a little weird about it. If you shower together and scrub each other, you'll feel a lot less weird and a lot hornier when you get out."

They laughed and headed for the bathroom.

I sat with Gail and snuggled. "As good as you'd imagined, you slut?" 

"Oh my God, so much better," she answered. She looked up and air kissed me.

We laughed and sat down.

"Jesus!" I said. "What a wet spot."

"Oh, God," she answered. This comforter is ruined...it's going to smell like pussy and come for a year.

We laughed and listened to the shower sounds. We might have heard a moan, but couldn't be sure.

The shower shut off, and I stood up. "I have got to piss like anything," and walked into the bathroom.

Kim and Debbie were standing in the shower, clean and beaded with water, kissing.

"Guys, excuse me..." I said as I stood over the toilet.

Kim stepped out of the shower, stood behind me, and took my cock in her hands. I couldn't stop what I'd started and suddenly a rush of pee poured into the toilet.

She held it until I was done and gently shook it.

"I've always wondered what that felt like..."

I laughed, she took a towel and handed one to Debbie and Gail came in the open door.

We started the shower and showered quickly...no hanky panky, we were hoping for hanky panky in the room when we got out.

We quickly dried and stepped into the room. Which smelled like sweat and sex. It was both rank and arousing...

Kim and Debbie were sitting on the clean bed, tiny bottles from the nimibar in front of them. 

"You'd better drink some water," I said.

"We will. Come have some vodka."

I'm not usually a vodka drinker, but I swigged the half of the minibar bottle. The warmth went straight down my throat and to my empty balls. My cock started stirring.

"OK, let's draw straws," Kim said.

"Better idea.," I suggested. Let's each write ours down on a piece of paper. Put your initial at the end."

That way, I thought, they'd be less inhibited about asking for what they really wanted.

I got the pad from the hotel desk, along with a pen. I gave it to Gail, who immediately started writing.

She finished, and got up to go to the bathroom.

By the time she'd flushed and come back out, Debbie was finished. She handed the pad to Kim and went to the bathroom too.

Kim was still thinking when she came out. Then she scribbled something, tore off the paper and handed me the pad.

It just took me a moment to write out what I wanted and hand the pad back to Gail. I held on to my paper.

Gail got up and took the empty trashcan from under the desk.

"Put them in here, and I'll draw."

We all dropped our slips of paper into the can.

Gail put one hand over her eyes, and stirred the papers with her other hand. She reached out and put one on the desk. "First," she said.

Then another, and another, and another until all of our wishes were in a pile on the desk.

She turned it over, and pulled out the top slip.

"OK, dearest husband, I don't even need to read it. You want us all to masturbate, don't you?

I may have blushed a little. She knows me so well...

"Yes, I'd love that..."

"Come," she said. "Let's all sit on one bed."

The three women say side by side on the bed. I pulled up the office chair and sat in front of them.

Gail opened her legs and began stroking herself.

"Tell us a story, she said.

"Yes," said Kim. "Tell us about the other time you had three women."

"I'm not sure. It was weird."

Gail looked at me and ostentatiously rubbed her clit. Kim got the idea and exposed hers, just starting to peek out from under the hood. Debbie ran a finger into her pussy.

My cock grew with the beat of my pulse.

"Look," Gail said. "We're objectively all so horny you story will be fine, as long as there's sex involved."

"OK," I started. "I was in Jamaica with my ex-wife, She Who Shall Not Be Named, and we got picked up in a restaurant by these two women. One was older maybe 50, one was younger, maybe 25. We went to their palatial beach house and fucked.

The only thing," I paused. "Is that they were a mother and daughter."

Eyes went wide. 

I watched the crotches, because if they took their fingers off their pussies, I knew I'd gone too far.

Kim kept her hand on her clit. Debbie didn't remove her finger from her pussy. Gail kept gently rubbing.

"You're kidding," Gail said.

"No, for real."

"You fucked them both," Gail went on.

"Yes. And they both fucked the ex-."

"Did they fuck each other?"

"Sort of." I went on. "It was complicated."

"What was it like," Kim asked. "Fucking them both?"

"I can't lie. It was weird, but somehow incredibly sexy. They were clearly deeply perverted. But yeah, the sex was just amazing."

Kim was making small rubbing motions, and her clit had extended out of the hood.

"Tell me something about it."

"We were in a pool, and the ex- and I'd just had them sit on the edge and eaten them until they came. Then mom was fingering Shelley in the pool and made her come, and then they all stood around me and rubbed my cock and I came all over them and into the pool. They smeared the come all over themselves and licked it off each other.

Then we went inside, and I fucked the daughter while the mom and Shelley 69'ed."

Kim's face was set and her fingers were working her clit which was enormous and bright red.

"Then I fucked the mom doggie-style on the sofa, and the daughter came over and played with my balls and her clit. As she got ready to come, the daughter stuck her thumb into her mom's ass and we both came incredibly hard."

Kim was panting and Debbie was frigging her pussy with three fingers. Gail was looking down at her own pussy as she rapidly ran her fingers up and down her soaking lips.

"The daughter kissed me and told me how she'd felt my cock pulsing in her mom's pussy."

Kim barked a short sharp groan and then threw her head back and hissed as she tightened her thighs on her hand and came. I could see juices tricking down the inside of her thigh; she's squirted on herself again.

Gail started the familiar chant "ohgodohmygodOH MY GOD!!" and arched her back and offered her pelvis to me as she stroked her clit almost violently.

My concern that they'd be weirded out by the story was outweighed by the fact that all of us were still overstimulated from the sex we'd already had. Anything about sex would have set us off.

Debbie had her head down and was working her pussy hard with her hand. I stepped up to her and offered her my hard cock - it had gone back to fully erect, and she took me in her mouth as she rubbed herself harder and harder and finally moaned around my cock as she came. I took her head gently in my hands and slid in and out of her mouth and then thrust deep. She gagged for an instant and then adjusted her head and used her tongue to stimulate the tip. I collapsed onto her and kissed her hair. She turned her face to me and we kissed.

I walked over and kissed Kim and then took a moment and held Gail's face in my hands as I kissed her deeply. I loved this woman so damn much that night.

I got water and gave everyone some.

"Can you do it some more?" Kim asked. 

I pointed to my erection "Maybe, some."

Gail chipped in, "That's OK, we don't need him. Let's see what everyone wants. Oh! I'm next. Van's talked about 'stacking' two women - we'd lay face to face and he'd fuck us alternately. As an option, someone could lick us alternately."

"We can rotate. I'll start here." She got up and walked to Debbie and pushed her down. Debbie opened her legs, and then Gail bent her knees and wrapped them around Debbie's hips. 

I saw their pussies, glistening and swollen, pink and red with arousal, one above the other. I was lost in lust. 

I went to them and knelt down, leaning in and running my tongue up and down, from pussy to pussy, tasting the difference between them.

Kim came over to me and I moved aside to let her try licking them. Debbie and Gail were kissing and caressing each other as Kim buried her head between their legs, sliding her tongue and face up and down the length of two pussies.

I reached back and ran my hand down her back, over her ass and between her legs. Kim's pussy was swollen, her clit extended, and inside her pussy, slippery juices were starting to appear.

I moved behind her and ran my stiffening cock up and down her ass crack. The headache from the Cialis has started while I was showering, and my cock was responding to the drugs in my system. I was getting one of those baton-like erections that doesn't even feel like flesh.

I grabbed her hips and slowly lifted her to the point that I could stand behind her and enter her.

I slid the head into her now-soaking pussy and felt how rigid her internal landscape had become. She was as overaroused as I was, and she took a break from licking to lift her head and groan as I slid into her.

When I was completely nestled inside her, she lowered herself and went back to work on Gail and Debbie.

I kept myself pressed deep inside her, and she rewarded me by tightening her pussy muscles from time to time and effectively grabbing my cock. I slowly slid in and out a few times, and she pulled away again, took a deep breath, and then said "I think they're ready for you."

She moved away and shared the sight of two dripping pussies, one above the other. Gail's pussy had bloomed; her inner lips were extended and purple, and had opened, showing the coral entrance and the slippery wetness dripping slowly from it. Debbie's was open as well, but she was different' she had thick outer lips that opened into a valley with two bright pink lips closed inside, drops of juice all along their edges and a drip running down toward her ass.

I stood behind them and ran my cock over Debbie's slit. She had been kissing Gail and suddenly broke away and looked down and then smiled when she saw me and rocked her hips up.

I slid into her and she arched her hips up into Gail and I saw her kiss Gail's neck and then the two of them swap tongues and kiss each other hard.

I slid slowly out and then slowly in and she spread her legs further and took me in as deeply as possible. I felt her softness grip me and just at the end, the slippery hard mound of her cervix rubbed over the head of my cock.

I slid out of her and moved up a few inches and slid into my wife's familiar pussy. No matter how many women we fuck, hers just fits me the best and feels the most 'right' wrapped around my cock. She's soft, and just the size of my cock, so the head pokes into the very back and her cervix rubs against the sensitive area just at the bottom of the head when we're doing it like this - with her facing away from me. She breathed hard as I slid into her, and grabbed one of Debbie's breasts and started gripping it, kneading it hard, which made Debbie moan as well.

Kim moved up next to them, and the three of them started kissing and feeling each other's breasts. Kim had Gail's breast in her hand as Debbie reached between Kim's legs and rubbed her clit.

We stayed like that until I started to get tired - just my back and legs getting weak from all the fucking.

Gail said she wanted to swap and rolled off Gail and pulled Kim to her. They kissed and caressed each other and then Gail lay back, spread her legs, and Kim lay on top of her, knees around her hips and pussies pressed together.

Debbie knelt and began licking. It took just moments for Kim to start grunting and for the muscles in her legs to stand out. Then she let out one long groan, her knees shook and suddenly Debbie was laughing and spitting. 

"Oh, God. It's like you just peed on me!!"

Kim was embarrassed, and started to explain 'No, no, it's not that..."

Gail chimed in. "It's the sexiest thing I've seen tonight, and I've seen a lot of sexy stuff. Lap it up, Debbie, it tastes marvelous."

Debbie began licking up the wetness, but it was an impossible task. One of the bathtowels from the bathroom might be up to it...

I kissed her on the back of the head; I'd laid on the floor and stretched a bit, relaxing my muscles. The were-cock was still as hard as it'd been while I was fucking Debbie and Gail; I wondered if I'd be able to come again tonight.

Debbie moved up to kiss the women as I slowly slipped again into my wife's pussy, the different angle - she was on her back now - making it feel different and even more exciting. I slid the tip up past her clit, making her twitch, and over the bump of Kim's clit and then slowly, very slowly, into Kim's pussy again.

She immediately went into convulsions, or that's what it felt like. Her whole body thrashed on top of Gail and then she arched her back, lifted her head and howled as she came around me, gripping me so hard I was worried she'd bruise me.

She stayed that way for a moment, and then collapsed on top of Gail, panting and moaning.

I slid out of her, and she said "Just...a...minute. Not done yet, just a minute so I can breathe."

I went and grabbed a glass of water and shared it around.

We were all completely lost in sex and lust, but Kim was frightening. She looked at Gail and I as though she was going to simply devour us, and I don't mean sexually.

Gail rolled Debbie onto her back and then put Kim on top of her. She nestled alongside them, kissing and stroking them both. I slid deeply into Debbie again and just held myself there. Between my cock, Kim lying on top of her and kneading her breasts, and Gail kissing her and rubbing Kim's breasts, Debbie started to rock her hips up and down. 

I started sliding in and out of her, and then slid out and slipped into Kim, who grabbed Debbie tightly and held on. One stroke for Kim, and then three or four for Debbie, one for Kim, and back to Debbie.

I leaned down and wrapped my arms around them both and slid into Debbie over and over, feeling her excitement grow and then feeling her pussy change as she got ready to come, and then feeling the gentle contractions as she pushed Gail and I up into the air thrusting her hips up to meet me.

I kept myself in her, and she slowly relaxed and lay sprawled on the bed. 

I pulled out, and Kim rolled off her.

"I think we're pretty much done with this one, babe," I said to Gail, and she agreed.

She got up to get the third paper and I fell in love with her again; her matted pubic hair, and the shiny trails of liquid - hers, the women's, and mine - on her belly and thighs.

"Oh, Debbie, you bad bad girl."

We all looked at Gail, except Debbie, who looked abashed.

Gail told her "Anal, hmm? Go on to the bathroom while I get a condom."