 Debbie was getting into dire straights. She was going through batteries in her vibrators like there was no tomorrow. The real problem was that she was horny and while she was getting herself off, there was just nothing like having a real live man between her legs. She couldn't wrap her legs around a vibrator, and it didn't hug her. It didn't talk so it couldn't tell her that she looked nice, felt nice, and smelled nice. While it never complained if she had another vibrator in bed, and she often did these days, and didn't complain if she had a headache, it never kissed her goodnight either. 

Even her small collection of adult videos weren't doing anything for her, including the home made ones she was in. They were fond memories, but it wasn't enough. She was going to take care of some of that problem tonight. She was going to church. More correctly, she was going to The Church. It was a former church, and a large one at that, that had been converted into a large nightclub; A huge establishment that had two bands and a disk jockey. It also had one other important item - MEN! Even more important, there was a large assortment of men there.

Debbie had broken up with her last boyfriend over two weeks now. The best part of that relationship had been sex, and that hadn't been that great. He was a little too possessive and conventional - in other words, she had to be on the bottom most of the time. He was also lacking in the oral department, something she loved dearly. Tonight she was going to find a man who was a little more open-minded; just maybe she would be able to find two of them! Debbie had only been in a threesome once. It had been her and two guys, and while it hadn't been all that great (the one guy didn't really get into the spirit of things), she would dearly love to be in another one.

She dressed for the hunt; a skimpy bra, silky thong undies, thigh-high stockings, short dark skirt, a tight fitting knit top that buttoned up the front, and short heels. While she was small breasted, she had come to realize over the last few years that the size of them had little to do with sex appeal for most men. She didn't have an hourglass figure, but that didn't seem to count for much either. She had finally learned that how she carried herself and her attitude was what made her sexy. She looked at herself in the full-length mirror, undid a few of the small buttons on the top to show a little more cleavage, and decided she was a good-looking piece - she was definitely dangerous! She tidied the house up a little before she left. She liked it nice and neat if she was going to bring anyone home, not that most men would really notice.

Phil and Ed were roommates. Neither had a steady girlfriend at the moment, something both of them wanted, but not desperately. They had been desperate before, with disastrous results; both now had very bitchy ex wives. Tonight they were heading off to church - The Church - to do a little praying, praying that they each found a girl to take home, praying that they got laid! They weren't going there to be greedy, two each would be heaven, but one for each of them was more realistic. Since they had been in threesomes together before, if they had to, they would settle for one playful girl that wanted the two of them. They each took a shower, shaved, and then, just in case one or both of them got lucky tonight, they did the unthinkable and cleaned the apartment. They also did the completely unthinkable and put the seat down on the toilet! Their experience had been that a sloppy apartment turned off women. Just in case they both got lucky tonight, they each drove their own car.

The two men arrived at The Church about eight and were fortunate enough to find a table. It wasn't a front row seat, but rather one in the rear of that particular bar, near the bar itself and away from the speakers. That made talking to and being heard by a woman a lot easier. They weren't here to hear the band; they were here to find someone to take home tonight. This was serious business.

Debbie arrived at The Church a little after nine. She was immediately hit upon by two guys she wanted nothing to do with. Getting away from them hadn't proven to be too difficult, but she was off to a bad start. During the next hour she found several prospects, but quickly had decided that each of them wouldn't do. Hunting for the perfect bedmate tonight wasn't going to be easy. It all seemed easy enough before she got here; just pick up a nice looking hunk, take him home, get screwed silly, and kick him out before he wanted to stay all night. It was just past ten before she ran into her next possibility, Ed.

Ed spotted Debbie at the bar getting another drink. He had introduced himself and asked her to dance. She had accepted his invitation, and after two fast songs and one slow one, he had invited her to Phil and his table. Ed thought if he could woo this one, he had a real winner. He didn't know what the chances of getting into her pants were, but he had taken to her immediately. At least he had a girl to talk to, and that was a lot better than what Phil had at the moment. Poor Phil's eyes had about come out of his head when he brought Debbie back to the table.

Phil was striking out big-time tonight. He was getting rejected by the good looking and acceptable women, and getting hit on by the dogs. Like most bars, this one had its share of dogs. He was getting the sinking feeling that this was going to be a sex free night. He had just come back from his...he had lost count of the number of reject for the night, when Ed had returned to the table with a very hot looking woman in tow. It looked like Ed was going to do okay tonight. Ed introduced Debbie to Phil, and the three sat there talking, and getting to know each other over the next hour.

Phil had excused himself and asked a few other women to dance, but still wasn't getting anywhere. If the woman he was with thought he was okay, there was something about her that had bothered him, and if he thought the woman was okay, she had declined any further dances or invitations. He just wasn't doing too well. Each time he had returned to the table and continued talking to Ed and Debbie. By a little after midnight, the bar crowd was thinning out and the prospects of finding anyone for himself were getting very slim. Ed was probably going home with Debbie, from the sounds of their conversation and the way she was dancing with Ed during the slow dances, and he would be going back to their place alone. While he had had a few drinks, the dogs weren't looking good yet. "Do you happen to have a sister?" he asked Debbie in desperation.

"Sorry, no sisters." Right now Debbie didn't want any either. She decided he was really getting desperate. She was getting along very well with Ed. His buddy Phil was a very nice guy, but he wasn't doing very well when it came to finding someone for himself. She knew they shared a place by now, and was wondering what they thought of threesomes. While she had been sitting at the table, she had managed to get another button undone on her top without anyone noticing her doing it. The top was now open to just above her bra. It had the desired effect. Within a few moments she had Ed's undivided attention and she had seen Phil glancing at her chest more and more. 

Unlike her experiences with a lot of men, she felt very comfortable almost immediately with these two men. If there was a time when she felt like doing a threesome with two men she hardly knew, it was now and with these two. It was just a matter of how to bring the subject up and if they would go for it. All too many men wanted very little to do with a woman right after another man had just had her. She also had to broach the subject before Phil managed to find someone for himself; timing was everything. Phil just might get desperate and pick up some girl that was good enough for a one night stand pretty soon and put an end the very idea of a threesome. Debbie had been mulling this over in her mind long enough that she was now wet with anticipation. She had just about worked herself up enough nerve to ask them when Phil, sounding a little rejected, brought the subject up.

"Looks like I have managed to strike out here tonight," he said looking around at the thinning crowd. "Anyone for a threesome? You know, double your fun and all that." he asked, making a joke of it. He thought Ed would be okay with the idea, but he had no idea what Debbie was going to do. It was probably going to be yet another rejection for the night. He just hoped he hadn't blown it for Ed if she was really turned off by the idea.

"I've done it before," Debbie quipped, rather surprising herself with her quick answer. Christ, her hormones were taking control! Now she really hoped that she hadn't scared off her one good prospect for getting laid tonight. As soon as she had said it, she wished she hadn't opened her big mouth. Phil was probably just kidding, and she still had no idea what Ed thought of threesomes.

"So have we," Ed said. "Not often, but every now and then we run into a girl who gets into being satisfied by two men."

"Yea," Phil piped up, "but for some reason they are always about to get married or it turns out they are cheating on some guy who's knuckles drag on the ground and he used to play defensive line for the NFL."

"We've really been able to pick 'em," Ed said with a sigh. "That last guy really put a new slant on football."

Her prayers had been answered. It must have been some leftover karma from the church. All she had to do was play her cards right and these two were hers for the evening. "Well," she started, "I can assure that I'm not married and have no boyfriend at the moment."

"Are you serious about a threesome with the two of us?" Ed asked. He liked nice wet sloppy sex. While he had hoped to have her for himself earlier, he was really getting turned on to the idea of a threesome with her.

"Sure. You two strike me as two guys I could really have a great time with."

"In that case," Ed said, "your place or ours?"

"You two must be as horny as I am," she said with a giggle. "How about mine? I have a nice king-sized bed." She really wasn't going to risk spoiling this by going to their place. After all, two single guys living together? Get real! She didn't really want to know how bad that place looked.

"There is no longer any point in hanging around here," said Phil standing up. "Let's go party!"

The three left. Debbie led the caravan to her place. She was almost too giddy to drive. Boy was she going to get it tonight! She went to The Church hoping to find one decent looking horny guy and was now going home with two. Even better, these Phil and Ed and done threesomes before so there wouldn't be any surprises like the last time. That threesome had gone well until the first guy had come in her. The other guy wanted nothing to do with her after that, other than another blowjob. Blowjobs might have been nice for him, but they didn't exactly get her off. These two apparently had no such qualms and from the way they were talking at The Church, they actually liked a "used" woman. Debbie hoped they would "use" her a lot tonight.

The trio arrived at Debbie's place without anyone getting lost. In the living room, the two men sat on the couch, unsure just how she wanted to get started, or if she had changed her mind about a threesome for that matter.

"So," she said standing in front of them, "are you two a little shy about getting undressed, or am I supposed to do a strip for you first?"

"Uh.a nice slow strip would be nice!" quipped Phil. "Got any beer?" Might as well take full advantage of the amenities. If she was willing to strip for them, he was sure willing to watch not that he really needed to get any hornier than he already was. She could have suggested that they just head for the bedroom, and that would have worked for him.

"That would be nice," Ed chimed in. "but we could just head..."

"Just shut up and watch!" Phil said as he elbowed Ed. "I don't find women that want to do a strip too often. Come to think of it, I don't think I ever have."

Debbie got the two guys a couple of beers. She didn't normally drink the stuff, but she kept it around for times like this. She put on a CD that she thought would be good for a little stripping. If it was a show they wanted, then it would be a show they would get. Debbie had a pretty good idea of how to do a decent strip tease and while she had never thought of doing it, that little off-hand remark now sounded like a pretty good idea. She was a bit of a showoff, and with this small audience, it just might be fun. As the music started she started slowly dancing by herself. As she danced, she began to unbutton her top. 

The whole idea of a strip was to get them very excited, she did it slowly. When all the buttons were finally undone, she twirled around a few times before letting it slide off her arms to the floor. The skirt was next. There wasn't much too that, just a button at the top and a zipper. Undoing the button didn't do much, and was the zipper went down the skirt immediately began to slide down over her hips. With the zipper all the way down, all she had to do was let go of it and the skirt joined the blouse on the floor. Debbie felt very sexy and more than just a little risque‚ dancing in her skimpy undies and bra. From the squirming the two men were doing and from the bulges in their pants, she was having the desired affect.

Ed and Phil sat and watched Debbie, too entranced to even drink their beers. They just held them and watched her. She wasn't a runway model, but she had their undivided attention.

Of all of the girlfriends Ed had had, none was ever willing do put on a show like this. The last one hadn't been too fond of getting undressed in front of him for that matter. She liked sex all right, but she thought it ought to be done with the lights out. She had loved to be eaten and gave a very nice blowjob, but sex with the lights on was just something she wasn't too fond of. Doing a strip for him and his buddy was out of the question. Now here they sat on a girl's couch, one they hardly knew, and she was doing a very seductive strip tease for them!

Phil had a few rowdy girlfriends in his time, but he had never had one willing to stand up with all the lights in the house on and strip for two guys she had just met. He had a few that were into threesomes, but it was only after they got to know him and whoever it was that was going to be the third person that they had been willing to take anything off.

The music continued and Debbie finally undid the snap on her front closing bra. Her breasts were firm enough that while the snap was undone; they didn't allow the bra to just fall off her either. Her breasts separated a little, but the nipples remained covered. After leaving the two guys to wonder if that damn thing was ever going to come off, she finally peeled it off her breasts and it joined the skirt and blouse on the floor. She was so excited now that her nipples were sticking out like someone had been sucking on them. She danced very close to the two guys now just to make sure they had a very good look at them. Now, she turned around, bent over and slid her thong undies down her sexy legs, giving the two guys a very up-close and personal look at her ass as she did it. They never said a word; they were speechless. "So guys, what do you think?" she said moving away a little and turning around.

"I think you have a very sexy body and we're over dressed!" said Phil.

"We can fix that," said Ed getting up.

"I certainly hope so," Debbie said as she picked up her clothes. "Because I'm going to the bedroom now, and I don't want anyone in there dressed, that's for sure." She walked into her bedroom, picked up a TV-like remote control on the bed, pushed a button on it, and then put it in her nightstand drawer. Now she dropped her clothes on a chair and pulled the covers back on her bed. Before she was done there were two naked men in the room helping her.

Ed was hard and ready for her. He didn't care if he was first of second or which end of her he got to put it in her, just as long as he got to. He thought Debbie was going to be a pretty hot little number when he had first started taking to her back at The Church, but this was way beyond his dreams. Girls like this were something he read about, but never got.

Phil had wanted a girl of his own earlier. Now he was rather happy to be here with Debbie and Ed. This evening was off to a very good start. Just the thought of a hot wet messy threesome with her had gotten him all nice and hard. He couldn't wait to get into her.

The three crawled to the center of Debbie's king-sized bed. She stayed on all fours and began to suck on the nearest one to her head, Ed. He was nicely equipped, not too big, and very hard. She took him into her mouth and began to give him the best blowjob she could.

For a few short seconds, Ed thought he was going to come in her mouth as soon as she took him into it. Debbie's mouth was hot and wet, and she sure had a talented tongue! It was hard to believe things had moved this fast tonight. Usually getting a girl in bed on the first date was somewhere between hard and impossible, and here he was having a threesome with Debbie!

Phil wasted no time moving around to Debbie's hot little rear. It was going to be difficult to eat her in this position, but he craned his neck and did as good as he could. Apparently she liked what he was doing as she was moaning some even while she had Ed stuck into her mouth about as far as he had ever seen a woman take a man. Whatever she was doing to Ed, it must have been good, as he had his head back and his eyes were closed. Phil finally gave up trying to eat Debbie in this position and decided it was just time to take her doggie style. He moved into position, slid his hard cock up and down between her very wet sex lips, and slid all the way into her. He couldn't believe how wet and tight she was. She must have been just about as horny as he was, from the sound of the moan she let out when he grabbed her hips and pushed himself into her as far as he could go.

"Sounds like you're making her feel good," Ed said. "You realize of course that you're wreckin' this blowjob. She's finding it a little hard to concentrate I'm afraid."

"Sorry pal," Phil said as he pumped away at Debbie, "this is too good to wait till you're done."

"Sorry Ed," Debbie said as his hard shaft slid out of her mouth. "I can't blow you and get fucked by Phil at the same time. He isn't being too gentle back there and it's moving me around too much and...I'm...going to come soon, and I need this badly!"

"No problem," he said reaching under her and fondling her breast. "I just hope you are the multi-orgasmic kind so you can get off again when I take over from Phil. From the sound of his breathing I don't think he can last long either."

"I am...Oh Jesus, I'm coming!" she groaned as her orgasm started.

Debbie had no sooner started coming than Phil felt the first load of his come start up his shaft and erupt into Debbie. Spurt after spurt of his hot come rushed into her climaxing body. He was horny and gave her all he had. Poor Ed, he thought, he just has to sit on the sidelines while I fill what was going to be his date with all the come I have in me.

"Poor Ed" wasn't feeling the least bit sorry for himself. He was now toying with Debbie's nipples as she came, pinching and pulling on them, and just waiting for his turn with her. He hadn't had a nice sloppy sex session in a long time, and tonight he was looking forward to this one! He just hoped he didn't get too excited when he got to slide into her very wet pussy and shoot his stuff too soon.

It was over all too soon for Phil. That was the trouble with actually coming. Too bad it didn't last a lot longer, he thought, but then maybe if it did he would have a heat attack it felt so good. As comes go this had been a pretty good one. He stayed inside Debbie as she came down off hers, enjoying the squeezes her pussy gave him from time to time. "Looks like it's about your turn Ed," he said as he finally pulled out. He noticed a large gob of come run out of her when he pulled out. She was just so tight there wasn't room for all that come in her.
