 My plane arrived on time and as I was picking up my bags I spotted my best friend Tom waiting for me across the way. I hurried and grab my bags and went over to greet him. He introduced me to his girlfriend Mel who he had just met a couple of months ago. She was as hot in person as Tom had described her in his emails. 

Tom and I have shared a lot of things together over the years, especially during our collegiate years. Tom had confided in me that Mel had a slightly kinky side to her, an oral fixation with a desire for more than one guy at a time. He hadn't come right out and asked me if I'd be willing to help her satisfy that fantasy, but after getting a look at her, the answer would be a resounding "Yes!" if the question was ever posed. 

We didn't bother dropping off the bags before hitting the bars. The third bar we visited had a 2-story dance floor. Tom and Mel were heating the floor up as I downed another beer and watched. 

I was getting very horny with all the bumping and grinding going on out there and could feel my meat start to rise. Mel asked me if I'd like to dance and I didn't need to be asked twice. At one point Mel backed her ass into my crotch and raised and lowered her ass on my rising cock. That moved surprised me as I was certain she would have pulled away as soon as she felt the stiffness in my pants - instead, she pushed back a little harder and ground her ass up and down once more. She turned around and ground her crotch into my crotch and I immediately thought Tom would be on the floor separating us. Instead he was watching from the table with a big smile on his face. 

I was somewhat happy the song ended because I was just about to shot my load if it hadn't. We returned to the table and had a couple more drinks before leaving for the evening. The three of us sat in the front seat of Tom's old sedan with Mel in between Tom and me. Mel seemed to be rubbing Tom's leg the entire way home while pressing her right leg against mine. I leaned to say something to Tom and at the same time placed my hand on Mel's leg. It was hot, smooth, and sexy and I couldn't help squeezing it a little. 

As Tom and I talked about old times, I left my fingers rub the inside of Mel's thigh. Mel placed her hand on top of mine, interlocking our fingers and guiding my hand up and down the inner portion of her thigh. I'm glad it was Tom doing the driving because I was too light-headed from all the drinking and the sexual foreplay to concentrate on the road. Mel lifted my hand from her thigh and for a moment I thought our foreplay had ended but she dropped our combined hands down on top of my cock and began squeezing and massaging it thru my jeans. I reversed our hand positions and put her's on the bottom and then allowed her to resume the squeezing and massaging herself. I was just about ready to loose it when Tom pulled into his driveway. Mel gave me one last squeeze and a couple pats before turning my cock loose. 

I eagerly offered to carry my own bags in order to hide the obvious tent in my pants. Tom showed me to the guest bedroom and the shower immediately outside of the room. I dropped off my bags and hustled into the bathroom for a cold shower. Mel and Tom said they were having a night cap and would see me in the morning. 

I was happy to get into the shower to wash the day's travel away and give my aching cock some relief. I soaped myself up and stroked my cock recalling the incidents on the dance floor and the ride home tonight. I was fantasizing about what Mel and Tom might be doing tonight and what Mel looked like without all those clothes on. It didn't take me long to reach my peak and I shot a load that just about hit the other side of the shower and caused my knees to buckle. I was afraid that Tom and Mel might hear me as I left out an uncontrollably sigh of relief. I finished in the shower and dried off, wrapping the towel around me before leaving the bathroom.

Tom and Mel's bedroom was directly opposite the bathroom and as I opened the bathroom door, I could see Tom sitting on the edge of the bed nude and Mel standing slightly to the left of him in her panties and bra thru the small opening in the door. I wasn't sure if they left the door partially opened on purpose, or if their drunken state had caused the slight indiscretion. Either way, it was the first time that I saw the semi-nude side of Mel and I was enjoying it. 

Tom's cock was in a semi-erect state as he rubbed his hands up and down Mel's soft legs. My own cock started to rise recalling the fun the two of us had in the car. Mel reached behind her back and unclasped her bra and dropped the straps from each shoulder before tossing it over onto the chair. Tom slid his hands up Mel's thighs and wrapped them around her breasts, massaging them and twisting the nipples gently. Mel ran her fingers through Tom's hair before pulling his head into her cleavage. While I couldn't see exactly what was going on, it was obviously from the sounds that Tom was sucking and slurping on her breasts. I noticed one of Tom's hands sliding up between Mel's legs and caressing her ass and massaging the mound between her legs. Mel opened her legs slightly to accommodate Tom's access. 

The scene unfolding in front of me had my heart pounding a mile a minute. I was certain that they could hear my heart beat and was afraid that if I didn't move, they'd catch me watching them. Just as I was about to move, Mel turned her head towards the door and our eyes met. I froze like a deer in headlights and Mel just smiled. She took one hand off of Tom's head and motioned from me to enter. I hesitated at first wondering what my best friend would do if I entered his bedroom at this point, but couldn't resist the temptation when Mel continues to solicit my involvement. I opened the door and walked up to the back of Mel and kissed her lips as Tom continued to suck her breast and massage her love mound. 

When I broke the kiss I quickly dropped my towel and pressed my naked flesh against Mel's back. I could feel my best friend's hand between her legs and his occasional bumping against mine didn't seem to bother him. I resumed my kissing with Mel covering her lips, face, neck and shoulders with warm sensual kisses. After several minutes of this, Mel surprised me by turning around and facing me. We embraced and continued our kissing as we explored each other's body parts. Tom was planting kisses on Mel's ass while continuing to massage her love mound. I could feel the wetness between her legs as she pressed her pussy against my cock. 

Mel broke our embrace and said it was time to get down to business. She then sat down on the edge of the bed and had us both stand immediately in front of her. I felt a little self conscious about standing next to my best friend with a raging hard-on, especially since my hard-on was pointed directly towards his girlfriend's lips. 

That fear was soon lost as Mel began to tongue at the tip of my hardness. She alternated licks between the head of my dick and Tom's dick as she squeezed our balls while gently scratching the back of our scrotums with her long painted nails. When she returned to my dick, she lowered her head and licked my balls, sucking each into her mouth, first one at a time and then both together. She then licked up my shaft and back to the head before lowering her mouth over my entire shaft. Her nose was buried against my stomach and my cock was touching the back of her throat. I had never had anyone do that to me before and I really liked the feeling. 

Mel did the same thing to Tom's cock while simultaneous stroking mine. During this entire time, Tom and I massaged Mel's breasts, occasionally twisting her nipples to make them hard. 

Mel deep throated me once more before panting, "I need a cock in my pussy right now and I don't care which one! Hurry, please, someone get behind me and bury their dick in my cunt now!" 

Whoa, strong language coming from a little lady but who was I to argue. Tom looked at me and gave me the nod of approval. I didn't wait for a second opinion and eagerly stood behind Mel who was on all fours on the bed. Her pussy was delicious looking and I couldn't help but to take a taste. I quickly slipped under her and licked from the bottom to the top, stopping at the top to give special attention to her clitty. It stood out like a tiny cock and I licked and sucked on it before returning to feast on the rest of her pussy. I could feel Mel's body start to tighten and her first climax followed shortly thereafter. My face was drenched in her sweet love juice and I early lapped it all up. 

Once her orgasm subsided, I went back to her previous request. I rubbed the head of my dick around her pussy to lubricate it with her juices. I teased her clitty again by rubbing the head of my cock against it before lowering my meat to the entrance of your pussy. I slowed pushed my cock into her and was amazed at how tight but yet how wet her pussy was. Tom had positioned himself in front of Mel and was feeding his cock to her as he watched me enter her from the rear. It was kind of weird seeing my best friend getting a blowjob from his girlfriend as I slid my cock up her tight pussy. At the same time, it was extremely exciting and sending me into overdrive!

I pounded Mel's pussy for all I was worth while gently slapping and rubbing her ass. From the look on Tom's face it was obvious that he was ready to blow so I deepened my penetration in an effort to bring all three of us off at the same time. As Tom let out a sigh of relief, I began dumping my semen in Mel's pussy and Mel once again began to climax. Her pussy tightened around my cock and seemed to milk every last drop out of me. 

As my climax subsided, I buried my cock deep into your wet pussy once more and held it there for a few moments, not wanting the moment to end. I rubbed her ass and pulled her hips back to me and then eventually pulled out when limp. We embraced and kissed before thanking each other for a fun night. I returned to my room with a renewed glow and wondered what tomorrow might hold. I never felt more alive and happy than I did at that very moment. Thanks Mel (and Tom) for a wonderful evening! Maybe we can do it again tomorrow!!