 "Two days on the road. I am whipped Kay. "

"Trust me darling, you will love Marti. You have heard some of the stories from when we were roomies in college. It is not like she and Jim are strangers you know." Kay reminded as we drove to see our friends for a New Years' Eve party. 

Kay and Marti had been roommates in college, some ten years ago. The girls have kept in close touch, but I have never been able to actually meet them. Kay married Jim, also a college friend who shared the girls' apartment for the later part of their senior year. We drove down to spend two weeks with them for a long overdue vacation and to finally meet these people who Kay is always talking about. 

The GPS spoke up to inform us our "destination is ahead on the right". A two story brick house stood magnificently lit at the end of a long drive atop a hill in the suburbs of the city. As I pulled the car up the drive, the front door of the house flew open and Marti came out screaming to welcome her new houseguests. Kay could barely wait for the car to stop to jump out and hug her dear friend.

The girls chatted like hens as they caught up with each other about our trip and ran inside, arm in arm. Jim introduced himself to me as I pulled the luggage out of the trunk.

"I must tell you, Marti is so thrilled to meet you and spend time with her old girlfriend again. Glad you are here." Jim said as he helped me pull bags from the car. He showed me to what was to become our room. It looked like the master suite. A California King bed stood in the center of the far wall, huge curtains and wood pillars anchoring the bed to the wall. Pillows adorned the bed such that it did not look like there was room for people. French doors lead to a patio with a hot tub. There were two chairs with arms and a couch, all in the bedroom. 

As I drank in the enormity of the room, Kay and Marti came in. Marti walked up to me to formally introduce herself, apologizing for monopolizing Kay already. She kissed me on the lips and hugged me tight for what seemed like a minute, nuzzling my neck as she embraced me. "Oh my. You are a good hugger Les. Hope there's more of those!" she purred as she broke our embrace, grabbing Kay's hand and leading her into the walk in closet. Jim excused himself to continue cooking. The aroma of garlic and seafood drifted through the air. 

"Les, darling" Kay said, leaning her head out of the closet door. "I know you want to freshen up before the party tonight. Make yourself at home and take a shower in through there while Marti shows me this dress she found. "Kay disappeared as sounds of giggling emanated from the closet. 

I gathered up my toiletry bag and my change of clothes on my way to the bathroom. The bath was bigger than my bedroom at home. Whirlpool tub, his and hers counters, and a shower room which had three shower heads in it all at my disposal. I was looking forward to my shower already. I found clean towels on the hook near the shower entry. Leaving my clothes in a pile on the floor, I stripped down and entered the shower room, turning on the water to warm in anticipation of washing all the road dirt off of me.

After a few minutes of luxuriating in the hot shower, I found the shampoo and lathered myself up. I put my head back and allowed the pulsing water to wash the soap and miles of road grime from my head. My eyes closed as I felt the suds roll down my body. I was startled back to reality when I heard a voice. Marti's voice.

"Mmmm, that looks wonderful sailor. Kay said we could both use a stiff one, so I poured myself a drink and came to see what you wanted. I found what I was looking for." She teased; hand on her hip and swirling a scotch with the other hand. "Actually, Kay told me you were a single malt guy, so I fixed you a drink already." She said, reaching to a shelf in the shower to place the iced beverage, attempting to miss the spray of the shower. I tried to peak down her blouse, but no luck.

I stood dumbfounded. I was too shocked to notice I was nude, soaped from head to toe, while Marti stood in front of me, stiletto heels and a black velvet dress which showed off her wonderfully toned body. "Now, drink up before you get so hard you can't zip your pants." She giggled, turning to leave me to finish my shower. I looked down to see I was starting to firm up as a result of my unexpected exposure.

I finished my shower without interruption, shaved and dressed for the party. As I returned to the kitchen, Marti smiled approval, and Kay came up to give me a kiss and freshen up my drink. She stood on her tip toes and whispered in my ear "Glad you enjoyed. Marti did too. I did not think you would mind too much my beautiful man. I just had to share." She began to walk away, but returned, running her hand up my ass. "Oh, and you better remove those boxers now before the guests arrive, because I want to feel you close on the dance floor my friend. Wear your dress coat so it does not show." She turned, showing me the new dress she and Marti were trying on. It was black, shiny, and showed every curve of her lovely body. I could swear I could make out her nipples poking through the front.

We all helped to prepare dishes and the bar. Guests began arriving soon. The music turned up, and people enjoyed as the party spilled onto the back patio. Before I knew it, I was well buzzed and enjoying the teasing my lovely wife was giving me throughout the night. She took every moment possible to run a hand across my body, or kiss my neck. She even grabbed my cock through my dress slacks as she passed me a new drink. 

As the party progressed, we all danced and drank. To help refresh, Jim changed to some slower tunes so people could sway peacefully and rejuvenate. Marti grabbed me as Kay went to Jim. She pulled me close to her for a slow dance. I could feel the heat radiating from her crotch as she pressed it against my hips. She nuzzled into my neck and began to kiss below my earlobe. Her breasts were firm as she pressed them into me. I felt myself become painfully hard as she ground herself into me as we danced in the middle of all these other couples. The harder I became, the more she ground and kissed. She ran her fingers up my ass and down my chest. It felt so good I almost came in the middle of the dance floor. Fortunately, Kay broke in just in time, rescuing me from this pleasant yet uncomfortable situation.

"Marti really likes you dear. I am so glad we are here" Kay purred, taking Marti's place against my hard cock, still concealed in my dress pants. "Save some of this for me however" she said, rubbing my cock with her hand as she turned away to serve up more drinks for everyone. 

I have no idea how much I had to drink, or the details of the rest of the night. All I recall is a very passionate kiss at the stroke of midnight from both Kay and Marti as Jim hugged us all in a group. People began to leave, and I was drunk enough, I felt I could safely pass out in bed without saying much. I went to the room designated as ours, hung my clothes on the chair, and lay peacefully in bed without a stitch on. The sheets were soft and embraced me as I fell quickly to sleep.

Sometime later, I felt Kay slip into bed, also nude as she backed up between me and the edge of the bed so we could spoon all night long. I threw my arm around her, cupped her breast with my hand, and fell quickly to sleep. 

I was awakened some time later by Kay as she began grinding her ass into my now turgid cock. She was really getting into it. Once she knew I was awake, she rolled over, facing me. "Play with it before putting in me, would you Marti" she groaned. I was surprised to find Marti behind me, reaching over to run my cock over Kay's pussy lips. She grabbed me gently and slowly worked me in and out of my wife. When she could not take the teasing any more, Kay threw her leg over me, thrusting me deep into her as I rolled onto my back. Marti's hands still roaming all over both of us, assuring my cock was deeply planted inside my wife. 

Kay moved her hips forward and back as the tip of my cock hit her tender spot, the one which makes her come quickly. She knew the placement well. As she neared orgasm, she lifted off of me, kneeling over my face saying "suck me dry Les. I want to cum all over your face. Eat me NOW. Please" she screamed as she positioned herself, my hands supporting her ass as she dripped her sweet nectar all over my face and neck. I lifted my head and dove in. She tasted sweeter than normal. She was also wetter than I had seen in a long time. She rode my face with vengeance.

Marti repositioned herself, slowly lowering herself into the position Kay had just occupied on my cock. She lowered herself slowly, intentionally. I could feel the muscular ridges in her vagina as my cock head pushed its way into Marti for the first time, her pussy lips licking the side of my cock and balls until she was pushed all the way on. I felt her cervix as she rested herself fully on me, moving ever so slowly. 

I was ready to cum in torrents. My wife was on the brink as she hovered over my face, and Marti began to slowly contract her vaginal muscles around me. She had mastered Kegel control and was milking my tender cock skillfully. I closed my eyes to maintain control and not shoot right then.

I felt the bed move again. Not thinking anything of it, I rested for another moment. When I opened my eyes, I was inches away from Jim's nut sack, his cock buried deep in my wife as she hovered over me. Her juices running down Jim's shaft and down his nuts, dripping onto my nose. I was entranced by the sight of her fluids as they foamed from his thrusts, and how her skin moved around his shaft. It was when his testicle hit me in the eye that I snapped back into reality and insisted on getting out from under this man's scrotum. While it looked somewhat tasty in my wife, I had no intention of sucking him off.

Everyone moved, Kay stayed paired with Jim and Marti intensified her assault on my cock. She squeezed it so hard I could not pull it out of her. Rocking side to side and forward and back, I looked down to watch as her engorged clit peaked in and out of its place between our pubic bones. She squeezed and began to orgasm. As she groaned and squeezed, I felt my balls tighten.

"Let it loose. I want to feel you cum in me. Fill me up babe" moaned Marti, eyes closed. Kay pulled herself off of Jim, came over and began to caress Marti's breasts, kneading her nipples as her orgasm built. Jim came up on the other side, holding Marti's ass and kissing her neck. Kay looked down and said "Do it babe. I want you to."

I felt every spasm as I emptied myself into Marti. Every bolus of sperm as it rose up through my cock and deep into Marti. She squeezed my cock so hard, I almost could not ejaculate. We all moaned in unison, sharing this orgasm. Jim shot his load into the air without even touching his own cock. It landed on both Marti and me. Kay bent down to suck on Marti's breasts as she began to squirt a torrent of fluid onto the bed. I had never seen her do that before. Marti collapsed onto me, limp. She hugged me tight. "Dam it. That was the best orgasm I have ever experienced. That was an E ticket ride if ever there was one big boy!" she gasped, laying atop of me as she dozed into a post orgasmic nap.

Kay and Jim got up and lay beside us, one on either side. Jim rolled Marti off of me and I hugged Kay as we dozed off to sleep.

The next morning, I awoke to an empty bed. I could smell coffee and hear clanking and laughter in the kitchen. I reached for my clothes to find them missing. My suitcases nowhere to be found. I shook my head to sort out the events of last night. Were they real or just a dream of a very horny and drunk man? I found my balls were sticky and I was coated in spots of pussy juice and cum. Must have been for real.

Realizing it was real, and knowing everyone had seen me more than nude, I figured it was OK to walk out to the kitchen nude as any cover was not to be found. As I walked across the living room toward the kitchen, cock swinging in the morning air, all eyes greeted me. Kay jumped up and smiled as she came to give me a hug. 

"Morning sunshine. Glad to see we did not break you last night!" she said hugging me. "You are just in time; Marti was about to remind me of the time I first met Jim. I do not really remember it."

"I do not know how you could have forgotten that." Laughed Marti. "You were practicing your Kegels with Mr. Big. Remember now?"

"Mr. Big? Oh MY!! Yes. I remember. That was the glass dildo I used to have! But what does that have to do with Jim?" my wife screamed.

"Remember, you taught me about Kegels. By the way, Jim said you are not practicing them like you used to, he could tell." Laughed Marti.

"Wait, wait Kay. You and Jim used to fuck? I never..." I stammered.

"Les, it is OK. All three of us used to fuck all the time when Kay was single. Then she kept you all to herself the bitch!" Marti laughed. "So anyway. You were practicing your Kegels. You put Mr. Big in past its head and would lie back, slowly pulling it up into you with nothing but your pussy muscles. Jim and I walked in and watched while you practiced in bliss. Jim was so hard; I began sucking him off as we watched." 

"Oh shit, I forgot about that" laughed Kay. "The start of a wonderful relationship!"

Marti reached into a drawer, pulled out a long clear tube. At first, I thought it was a small rolling pin, but no, Kay's screams confirmed, it was in fact the aforementioned "Mr. Big". 

"You left this behind. I kept practicing. Jim said you need to take it back with you before I break his cock off each time we fuck." laughed Marti as she waved the glass phallic. 

"That was the start of an incredible relationship. Jim could not keep us both satisfied. I guess our introduction set the mood for our Senior Year." Laughed Kay. "Looks like you approve Les!" she choked as everyone began to laugh.

I was now standing full staff in front of both my wife and our hosts with nothing to cover myself with. 

This was the start of a memorable two week vacation. Many more stories followed this start to the New Year.