 Joan was on her knees between Bob's legs sucking greedily on his hard cock while Ron knelt behind her fucking her. Both cocks were pounding into her, one at each end.

Joan loved to fuck and her favorite way, was two men at the same time. This was the first time with Bob as the other man, but she and Ron had done this lots of times with other men.

Joan and Ron had only been married about a year but had lived together two years before that. Joan was only eighteen when they met but was very active sexually, had been sucking cock for four years and fucking as often as she could for two. 

They had agreed to an open marrage because they both liked some variety in sex and had even first met at an orgy with some friends.

Bob was an old friend from her year in college, one of the many "FRIENDS" she had there. He had been passing through town and had called her old number, her mother gave him her new number. Joan had invited him for dinner.

During dinner they talked about old friends and about all the good times they had. Moving to the living room, Joan and Bob sat on the couch together. They were still laughing about some of the crazy things they had done and the wild parties they had gone to. 

Ron fixed drinks, after a few they were all feeling high and started telling dirty jokes, then Joan suggested they watch some dirty videos.

As Ron was going to get the films he heard Bob say to her that too bad she was married, and her reply of, don't worry about that, if you want we can still have a lot of fun.

Ron took his time getting the films, he knew what she was up to and wanted to give her time alone with Bob. 

He got the videos and was hiding behind the door watching as they kissed and she allowed him to remove her top and bra. Bob was sucking on her tits as she unzipped his pants, pulled out his stiff cock and started to jerk him off.

Joan leaned over and started sucking on him. She was a gifted cock sucker, she loved to have a hard prick in her mouth. Bob was giving her a mouthfull and she was loving it.

Ron called for her to come give him a hand getting the right films. 

When she went in the bedroom she was still naked on top, her pretty tits bouncing. He asked if she wanted just Bob or both of them?

"Just Bob at first, then you can join in." She said 

Going back to the living room Joan sat next to Bob again, as Ron started the video and turned off the lights. Ron sat on the floor with his back to them on the couch.

The show started with a naked girl laying on a bed playing with herself by pushing a large dildo into her cunt while another girl watched. They were then joined by a naked man who started to eat the second girl.

As the action started on the screen Joan stood up and finished undressing. Now totally naked, she knelt on the floor. Fishing Bob's cock out of his pants she began to suck him again.

Bob was totally shocked and didn't know what to do. "What if he turns and sees us?"

"Come on." She said. "Ron won't bother us, he likes to watch"

She pulled his pants off, while he removed his shirt. Now as naked as she, he began to kiss her and play with her nice tits. Her tits were firm and very sensitive. 

"Come on Bob, Fuck me like you used to." She said and spread her legs wide to allow him entry to her eager pussy."Fill my cunt with your beautiful cock."

Not really sure that this was happening, Bob guided his cock to Joan's open lower lips and started to fuck her. She felt as good as he remembered from their collage days. One fine fuck.

Ron stood up, undressed and knelt next to them to watch. He enjoyed watching her get fucked almost as much as she loved to be fucked. She was more than any one man could satisfy.

They did this at least once a month. Sometimes with another couple or two, sometimes with just one other man. Joan's favorite method of sex was having two men at the same time. Getting fucked by one while sucking on another hard cock.

Ron could tell that she was enjoying this fuck, her eyes were closed, face flushed, thrusting up to meet Bob's pounding cock. She was whispering to him. "Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me." She was about to come!

Bob's ass started to quiver as he fucked her tight pussy, then he stiffened and gave her his load of hot cum.

Ron pulled Bob to the side and took his place, sliding his cock easily in her fresh cum filled hole. Her cunt was well lubricated. He fucked her fast at first, to bring her to climax. Then slowed to give her time to climb to another peak.

Ron slowly fucked her, slow and easy, then gradually speeded as he sensed her approaching orgasm. He was pounding into her fast and furious as she screamed her climax. 

He started to come, thrusting his cock as deep as he could, he shot his cum to her.

They moved to the bedroom to continue their party. 

Ron and Bob used Joan's body for the rest of the evening, they took turns fucking and eating her and having her suck them. Finally even Joan had enough. They all fell asleep.

The bouncing of the bed woke Ron in the morning. He opened his eyes to see Joan on top of Bob, his prick fucking into her, his hands holding her tits. Holding her upright while she rode him for her first fuck of the day.

Ron was caressing his cock while watching and waiting his turn when the door bell rang. Throwing on a robe he went to the door to find their neighbor Sue who came over for coffee with Joan.

"Hi Ron, where's Joan? Still in bed?" Sue asked. "I hope I didn't come at a bad time for you two?"

"No, come in, we can have coffee while she finishes what she is doing."

Sue sat at the table and as Ron filled the cups his robe fell open and before he could close it Sue saw his stiff prick. "I did interupt something, didn't I? I'm sorry." She said. "I'll leave."

"No, It's OK, shes being taken care of, I was just watching them."

"Watching? Watching them? Watching what?" Sue asked. "What's she doing, with who?"

"Well if you must know, I was watching her get fucked by an old friend of hers that stayed the night with us." Ron replyed. "She's in bed with his cock up her pussy right now."

"Ron, your teasing me. I don't belive you." Sue said. "Joan's not the type to screw around and even if she was, she damm sure wouldn't do it with you here."

"If you don't believe me see for yourself."

As Ron pointed to the bedroom Sue got up to check on what he said and opened the door.

On the bed she could see Joan, on her knees getting fucked by a man kneeling behind her. Both saw her looking but didn't stop their fucking and Joan winked at her.

Sue just stood there, watching, wondering, wishing. It had been about two weeks since she had last had a cock. She was starting to get horney. The more she watched the hotter she got. She reached into her shorts and fingered herself. She'd forgotten about Ron until she felt his hands on her tits. 

Reaching behind her she took hold of his cock. It was hard as a rock and throbing. It was strange, standing here holding Ron's prick while he played with her tits and watching Joan get fucked just a few feet away. 

Strange but so very exciting. She had never seen anyone else naked, let alone fucking. Bill and her had both been virgins and they only screwed in the dark, about once a month.

Sue wanted a cock in her cunt too.

Leading Ron to the bed she turned around and pulled off her shorts, laid back and said. "Fuck me!" 

As Sue spread her legs opening her cunt to him Ron aimed his cock at her sweet lips and sunk easly in to fuck her. Sue was more turned on than she had ever been. This was the first time she had ever cheated on her husband, the first time to watch real people she knew fucking. But seeing Joan getting screwed by some stranger while Ron played with her tits. And not having any attention from Bill for several weeks she needed some sex.

Fucking back to Ron's thrusting cock she turned her head to watch this other mans prick fucking in and out of Joan's pussy, the action was only a foot away so she could see his shaft sink deep then come out pulling the puffy lips of Joan's pussy, moist with their mingled juices.

Bob was ready to come and seeing Sue's face so close he pulled his prick from Joan and pushed it to Sue's mouth. The first bit of cum landed on her lips she licked it off then she engulfed his cock and eagerly sucked him dry. Tasting cum for the first time, she liked it.

Ron was enjoying himself fucking Sue. He had desired her since she and her husband Bill had moved in next door a few months ago. They had visited back and forth a few times and Sue visited Joan for coffee a few times a week.

Sue was about 5'4" with short red hair, medium but nice boobs, never wore a bra, cute ass. Bill stood about 6'6", slim, dark hair that was starting to thin.

They made a strange pair. Sue was friendly while Bill was very reserved, almost totally withdrawn. Sue told Joan that was because his mother raised him very strict.

Ron had flirted and teased her a couple times but she blushed and turned away so he quit.

Sue's pussy fit tight around Ron's cock as she fucked back to him, she was enjoying sex more than she ever had before. All this was totally new to her. 

Ron could feel the start of his come and thrust deep to give her his cum. Finished for now he pulled his dripping cock out and moved to one side to let Bob take his place.

"What are you doing?" Sue moaned. "I don't even know your name, your putting your prick in me. Ohh, ohh give it to me."

-FINI-