 I passed by several times, on several different days, before finding the courage to go in. It wasn't the courage to face some personal demon that I needed, just the kind of everyday bravery necessary to face old friends going through a sad time. The store was closing. I'd read about it in the newspaper first, and then got the inside story from a girlfriend of mine who still worked there.

Reynolds Brothers was an institution. In business since the 40's, it was the only department store still downtown, with all the others moving to suburban malls decades before. And not only that, the Reynolds family still owned and ran the place. It was the third generation now, with brothers Jeff and James still providing good jobs, still offering credit to local families, and still placing special orders, whether for that prom dress for Tiffany or just the right chairs to match Mrs. Jones' dining table.

I had worked there during my freshman and sophomore years, full time in the summers and part time during classes, before having to quit this past year when I got the internship I needed for my major (communications, if you're curious). They'd been incredibly supportive of me, and it was truly sad to think of the business coming to an end. And in case you're thinking it was the typical case of an old family business falling prey to big box stores, I should set the record straight.

Turns out, the city had been trying for quite a while to buy the family out. Successful as the store was, the old downtown was crumbling around it, and the city had developed a plan to turn the whole area into a thriving new district - with the cornerstone being nightclubs and condos rather than traditional old department stores. And especially since the Reynolds building was a historic treasure in great condition, the city was eager to market that site in particular to trendy new businesses. The pressure finally became too much, and the family decided to go ahead with a sale to the city for a fair market value.

At first, some members of the family pushed to keep the business going, relocating somewhere else in town. But in the end, my girlfriend shared with me, Jeff and James agreed that they'd rather quit while they were ahead, put away nest eggs for themselves, and pursue other dreams they'd long ago left to simmer on the back burner. Too old to re-start the business in a new location, but still young enough to start fresh with new adventures.

So that brings us to yesterday, when I stood outside the store, unable to actually see in the windows because of the sea of banners declaring 'going out of business' and 'everything must go' sales. My inner shopper, sensing the great deals that awaited me, finally overtook any trepidation about confronting the long faces inside, and I entered through the revolving door.

I chatted with several old friends before finally finding my way to the clearance racks in women's clothes. It was already late - about 20 minutes before closing time, so I knew I'd need to move fast if I actually hoped to take advantage of any deals. Wow, 70% off, they really did want to sell off all this merchandise fast! I had gathered several items and was heading for the dressing room when I noticed Jeff and James walking by.

"Hey, guys! You probably knew I couldn't stay away, huh?"

"Hi Katrina, great to see you again," Jeff replied with a smile. 

They peppered me with proud former employer questions before I finally got a word in edgewise. "Um, if you guys want to close on time, I'd better start trying some of these things on?"

James looked at his watch, and replied, "Wow, you're right, didn't realize how late it is!"

"I'm happy to keep talking - hey, in fact, have a seat, and I'll show you what I've picked out!" I disappeared into the dressing room to try on the first of many outfits, and they sat down a few feet away, close enough that we could keep chatting.

The first outfit was a red sweater set with designer jeans, the next a sheer black top and long flowing skirt. They were asking now about my internship, and as I excitedly shared the details with them, I was surprised to realize that I was enjoying the experience of modeling for them. I tried to push the thought away as we continued our conversation, but soon it was impossible. I was suddenly more focused on their chiseled features then on their conversation, and more interested in whether their eyes traced my curves than whether the outfits were a good deal.

What happened next just made things worse. The girlfriend I mentioned earlier, an old friend who still worked at the store, walked by and greeted me as she would if we met on campus, "Hey, Hurricane!"

I blushed, James gave me a puzzled look, and I disappeared into the dressing room again, this time with a dress. I knew what was coming, and held my breath as I waited for it.

"Hurricane? I don't remember you having that nickname?"

"Yeah, well, it's something that I, um, picked up on campus this year."

"Because your name is Katrina?"

"Yeah, that's it, because of my name."

"That can't be the only reason, though, right?" Jeff was pressing the issue.

"Well, no, it's also because I like the drink. Which was discovered at a frat party not too long ago, when I had a few too many..."

I let my voice trail off, realizing I'd already said too much. These guys loved to tease - and I knew now they wouldn't let this one go until they had the whole truth. I remained in the dressing room while my former bosses wished my former coworkers a good evening, assuring them that they could head home, that they would take care of me, the last customer.

The voices trailed off as people walked away, and after a few moments of silence, James picked up the conversation where Jeff had left off. "And did, um, something happen once you'd had a few too many hurricanes?"

"No comment," I said as I emerged from the small room and showed off the form-fitting dress I'd finally managed to zip up myself in the back.

"Ah, we can't let you off that easy. Come on, you know you want to tell us!"

"Um, really, no I don't! How do you like this dress?"

"Nice, and I hear you can get it for a great price. But back to the topic - hurricane?"

"Nope, not sharing." I went back into the dressing room. "You may not be my bosses anymore, but it's still way too inappropriate to.... OUCH!"

"What, what's wrong?"

"I was trying to unzip this dress, and my hair got caught!"

"Come on out, we can help!"

I came out of the room, gave Jeff a sheepish grin, and turned my back to him, presenting him with the zipper. It was silly to try to reach it myself - it was one of those dresses with a zipper in the back which reaches all the way from the neckline to the small of the back. And with long blonde hair like mine, a zipper could be a dangerous proposition! I scooped what I could of my hair into a ponytail as Jeff grabbed the zipper and gave it a firm tug. No luck on the first few tries, but then...

When he finally did get the zipper to budge, it completely unzipped in one fast motion. My first reaction was pain, as a few dozen hairs were yanked out of my head. When I recovered, my eyes met James', and I realized two things: Jeff's hand wasn't moving from the small of my back where it had landed, and the fabric of the dress was slipping, slipping, so that I would have to move quickly to avoid flashing these guys.

Instinctively, I turned towards Jeff. At the same moment, he shifted as well, so that his hand ended up grazing my breast. I blushed, fumbled with the fabric, and lost my handle on it, leaving me completely exposed as I stood in front of the two men. I'm sure my mind should have gone elsewhere, but again, all I could think of was how attractive they were. And I could guess that they were wondering whether, since I clearly hadn't worn a bra, I was also not wearing panties?

As I watched them watching me, two 40-something brothers, handsome in their confident success, I decided there was only one way to break the silence. "Well, since we've already crossed a few lines, do you want the 'hurricane' story now?"

Jason replied with a wink, "As long as you can tell it without covering up those beautiful breasts of yours!"

"Oh, don't worry. In fact, I think I'll slip out of this dress altogether - it's not quite the fit I was looking for."

I slithered out of the dress, letting it fall to the floor around my feet, and was now standing before them in just my black thong panties and heels.

"Well, I don't remember the night very clearly myself, but apparently once I'd enjoyed a few hurricanes, I offered a certain service to some of the guys at the frat party, and it quickly got around campus that I can really blow. I don't remember how many guys it was, but I do know I enjoyed myself."

"Wow. I think we're going to need to see this for ourselves."

"Works for me!" I dropped to my knees as they scrambled to unzip their slacks, letting them slide to their knees, and present me with their half-hard cocks. Positioning myself between them, I grabbed a cock in each hand and began stroking, while I took turns taking each of them into my mouth. Fleeting thoughts entered and left my head - were all of the other employees actually gone, or could someone still be watching us? How amazing was it that I was on my knees, pleasuring these two men who had just a year ago been my bosses! But I couldn't focus on anything but the task at hand.

After a few minutes, they were pounding into me, each man taking his turn to fill my throat with his bulging cock before watching his brother do the same. Their praises only served to make me work harder - god, you can take it so deep - yes, Katrina, that's it, suck me off! Their hands began to explore what they could reach of my body, fondling my breasts, pinching my nipples, stroking my shoulders.

Jeff was the first to approach orgasm, so I focused my attention on his cock as James pulled my hair into a ponytail and encouraged my motions on his brother. I licked slowly from his balls to the tip of his cock a few times, then spit onto his shaft and began a fast, smooth motion, sucking firmly on the last few inches of his shaft as I also used my hands to fondle his cock and balls.

After about a minute of my expert treatment, he pulled out of my mouth, and with a shout, shot his load into my open mouth, his cum dripping down my chin and landing with a splat on my breast. Throughout Jeff's orgasm, James had continued to stroke his own cock, and now he watched eagerly as I massaged the cum into my breasts, leaving them glistening in the bright lights of the store.

Once Jeff had recovered, he made a suggestion. "Perhaps we should move things to a more suitable department in the store?"

Eager to get off my knees, I quickly agreed, and led the two men up the escalator to the second floor, where we found ourselves in the furniture department. The entire floor offered possibilities - from sofas and beds to chairs and tables - but I made what struck me as a sexy choice, heading for the corner of the room where there was a pool table as part of a display of rec room furniture.

James climbed on to the table and sat down, his cock still rock hard and jutting up from his body. I joined him on the table, positioned myself on all fours above him, and once again began giving him the expert attention of my mouth. Meanwhile, Jeff stood at the edge of the table behind me and began exploring my sex with his fingers. First on top of my panties, and then moving them aside, his fingers traced from my inner thighs to my already-dripping pussy.

I began to pant in pleasure at his touch, and truly lost control when he replaced his fingers with his tongue. Before long, I was crying out, and could no longer keep James' cock in my mouth. He quickly found a suitable punishment, pulling me forward and forcing his cock into my pussy before his brother could bring me to orgasm with his tongue. I whimpered, then deeply moaned, as he filled me more completely than I had ever been filled before.

As I began to ride him, he grabbed my breasts firmly, squeezing and kneading them as I encouraged him. "Yes, that's it, fuck me harder, harder!"

Before I had a chance to think about what might be coming next, Jeff climbed onto the table and I felt his warmth as he approached me from behind. James pulled me towards him, and as our nipples touched, I quickly learned of Jeff's plan - he was going to take me in the ass! I had never had a cock in my ass before, much less been double-penetrated, but any fear of pain I may have had was very much overwhelmed by the excitement of the situation.

James slowed his motions in and out of my pussy long enough to give Jeff a chance to press into me. I squealed as he took what seemed like minutes to completely fill my ass with his hard cock. Both men waited for me to adjust to the fullness of penetration, in fact allowing me to be the one to begin our motions once again. Once I was ready, I began rotating my hips, encouraging them, until finally they were both pounding in and out of me.

It wasn't long before I exploded with the most powerful orgasm of my life. I could feel my muscles clenching and my juices oozing out of my pussy as the two men continued to fuck me relentlessly. I had just barely come down from my high, just barely remembered where I was, when they both pulled out of me and shifted our position one last time. I quickly found myself on my back, my head dangling over the edge of the pool table, with the men now standing on the floor, one on each side.

They stroked themselves furiously for a few moments more before finally covering me in their cum. Exhausted, I caught as much as I could in my mouth, but much of the sticky goo landed elsewhere - on my cheeks, in my hair, on my breasts. It took quite a while to get myself cleaned up, but the mess was well worth it - best time of my young life.

Over the next few days, I got lots of complements on my new clothes, and I was happy to encourage my friends to visit the store and take advantage of must-sell pricing. What I kept to myself, though, behind a coy smile, was the great two-for-one bargain I'd gotten.