 [This is a continuation of a semi-romantic story.]

Two young ladies who had just met Vince moments ago in the park were now naked, and aglow in post-orgasmic bliss. While they have been given quite a gift, the elder gentleman sat across from them sporting a monstrous erection. He sat quietly catching his own breath, not even asking for his own release or pleasure.

Both ladies calm now, they stood up and walked over to Vince. They brought with them a pillow, on which they now kneeled. "May we?" 

"As you wish, ladies."

They knelt down and both gave a big kiss to the swollen head. A little bead of pre-cum came out, and two tongues stretched out to taste it. Lora wrapped her lips around it and just bobbed her head up and down it's head. Her tender fingers wrapped around the shaft and began to rub up and down it's length. Vince leaned down and kissed Rhonda. She kissed his chest, belly, and the base of the shaft. Lora continued to suck on the head as Rhonda began to fondle and suck on his balls. 

Vince sat there, the look of his face contorted as if he was working a math problem. The ladies switched places. Rhonda now wrapped her lips and fingers around the magnificent rod, as Lora began sucking on his balls and kissing his body. Vince began to moan. Both ladies sit back up and both now had a hand encircling the shaft. Vince's body began to spasm and stiffen. The girls opened their mouths in anticipation of the coming fluids. But only another bead of clear precum formed at the tip.

"What was that?" Lora asked, unhappily.

"An orgasm."

"But where's the juice?" demanded Rhonda. "We were expecting a shower! Are you dry?"

"No, no, no. I'm just holding it back. I gave you both multiple orgasm, I thought I deserved the same." The girls did not looked pleased. "If you continue, I promise I'll release it."

The girls went back to running hands up and down the long penis. The girls got into a rhythm, occasionally switching from sucking the head and the balls. Vince was a little more active as his hands began to run through the girls' hair. He cooed and complimented their fine ministries. Soon the praises became warnings as he counted in his head.

"3...2....1....NOW!!"

As Vince said the final word, his entire body spasmed. His pelvis was thrust forward. The girls sat up and opened their mouths just in time for the first spurt of cream to leave the head. Both girls kept hold of the shaft, aiming the tip into Lora's mouth, then Rhonda's, then back again. Over half a dozen spurts leapt out, landing in their mouths, on their cheeks, and on their chests. Both took turns rubbing it more and licking it clean.

They both gave it one last kiss, as it began to shrink and become limp again. They stood up and wiped each other off. The both gave him a kiss on the cheek before they sat back on the couch. Everyone was now spent and was about to fall asleep. 

"Thanks, that was the nicest conversation I have ever had." Vince said, causing them all to laugh before nodding off.

The girls slept on the large couch in the strange man's house. They were awoken be the sound of a glass being struck, three times. The opened their eyes and saw it was dark outside. They slowly sat up and were each given a quick kiss on the lips. They wiped their eyes to see Vince standing before them, wearing a white lab coat, like what a scientist or doctor might wear.

"You both must have been really tired," He said, "You have both been sleeping for over 4 hours. It's now 9:00 in the evening, and I've made supper for us." He helped lift both of the naked bodies to their feet. "You'll probably want to use the bathroom, it's that light down the hall."

The girls darted into the bathroom. They took turns washing their faces and using the toilet. Now fully awake, the walked into dining room and sat down, fully realizing their nudity as their naked flesh touched the cold, wooden chairs.

"I hope you two like it, you never did place an order." he said with a smile, as he was leaving the kitchen. He could tell his naked guest were about to get up to get dressed, when he stopped them. "Relax, eat, enjoy. You're not in a restaurant, enjoy your nudity...I do."

Just before he sat down, Vince removed lab coat, revealing that he was still totally nude. The three of them enjoyed a magnificent meal with meatballs, potatoes, fresh corn, and milk "fresh from the cow". The conversation was light-hearted again, no longer realizing the fact they all were naked. Vince explained that he woke up a few hours ago and was able to prepare the meal. While the meat was cooking, he went out to pick the vegetable from his garden and milk the cow. Home-cooked meals were rare for them, especially with ingredients so fresh. So with such a good meal, and the hunger the worked up that afternoon, the girls ate heartedly. 

Afterwards, the food and dishes were put away in the kitchen. Then they moved the conversation back to the living room, where they were still able to smell the sex from earlier. They laughed and joked about their earlier activities. How Vince joined their original conversation and soon flashed them in public, which led a trip to his house and the intimate activities therein. 

"You were right, by the way. I do normally wear briefs for underwear. However, I find them uncomfortable when traveling, so I keep them off when I fly." This caused them all to laugh again, as the girls only now started thinking of what they would do, if they won the bet. 

Eventually, the conversation became very sexual. And soon, Lora asked, very seriously, "So, can you give AND receive multiple orgasms during sex, or just oral sex?" The laughing came to a hushed stop. Vince nodded.

"Prove it!!!" both girls demanded.

He stood up, and was soon joined by the girls. Vince's armed were grabbed by both ladies, before he escorted them to his bedroom. "Let the challenge begin." 

With Lora wrapped around his left arm, and Rhonda his right, Vince escorted them to his bedroom. The all walked into a large master bedroom to find a king size bed in the middle, with a night stand on each side, and bench at it's foot. Other than those 4 pieces of furniture, the room was bare. He removed his arms from the girls' grasp, and with a little nudge on their rears, motioned them to go lay down. 

The two ladies giggled and ran towards the bed and jumped on top. Vince soon joined them. He climbed onto the bed over the foot of the bed, soon to be positioned between Lora and Rhonda. Vince leaned over and kissed Rhonda, their tongues exploring each other's mouth. Then he turned and did the same with Lora. He continued to kiss each one, the kisses lowering each time. First he kissed Rhonda's ear, then Lora's neck, Rhonda's chest, Lora's breast. He eventually kissed Rhonda's little patch of fur, and stayed there. 

Vince inhaled Rhonda's scent as his lips gently caressed her soft fur. Her intimates were soon covered in his kisses. His entire mouth wrapped itself around her slit, his tongue sliding up and down. Rhonda's petals opened, inviting him to enter. A tongue dived inside, quickly exploring. It was soon pulled out, so that his lips were placed on her clit, giving a little suckle. Vince now knew she was ready.

Vince crawled over her so that his chest was directly over hers, the hairs on his chest, tickling her sensitive nipples. He looked deep into Rhonda's eyes as he gently thrust his hips and his large member entered her. A large gasp was heard as all 9.5 inches slowly slid inside. After he was all the way inside her, he stayed perfectly still, feeling her muscles relax, expanding to fit him inside. The look on Rhonda's face relaxed from a look of pain, to that of pleasure. As he watched a lustful smile grow on his face, Vince contracted his PC muscle causing his penis to twitch inside her. 

Vince now put more of his weight on Rhonda as he began to slowly and gently thrust in and out. His left hand was no longer supporting him and was free to give some attention to Lora. His hand slowly explored and massaged her folds. A muscular finger soon found its way inside. Both ladies moaned in ecstasy as he continued to rhythmically thrust himself and his finger into both of them. 

While the girls' legs were relatively still and spread wide for easy access, no one's hands were idle. Vince's left hand was focused on pleasuring Rhonda, and his right hand was supporting his upper body so he was still able to kiss her. Rhonda's hands were wrapped around Vince, holding them together. She caressed his muscular arms, back and butt, nearly leaving scratch marks in his tanned skin from the immense pleasure she was receiving. Lora busied her hands by caressing her own body, pinching and twisting her hard, erect nipples. 

Vince drove himself deep inside Rhonda, until he was completely inside, and pulled out so that only the bulbous head remained inside. The gentle thrusting continued as Rhonda's moaning became louder, and was breathing much harder. He became quicker, more forceful. They looked deep into each other's eyes as both bodies spasmed. Vince continued his rhythm while they both climaxed.

"He did it!" Rhonda said, between gasp, "We both came, but he didn't spurt!"

Vince gave her another passionate kiss before sitting up. His rigid pole slid out of her hole, which was trying to hold him inside. Vince now positioned himself over Lora and gave her a big kiss. He slowly slid inside her opening, as Lora fingers clenched tightly around the bed sheets. She was finally feeling what she had just watched her friend experience.

Rhonda's breathing had slowed down as her body was settling from the immense orgasm it just had. Her stretched opening was now cold and empty, but before she could say or do anything about it, she felt Vince's warm hand massaging it. After his large shaft had filled her, Vince knew a single finger would not do so he added more. Rhonda began moaning again as three fingers forcefully slid inside her.

Lora's body had now relaxed as it became accustomed to the large invader inside her. Soon Vince was thrusting inside her, not as gentle as with Rhonda, but still not forceful. The thrust of his hips were soon matched by the speed of the three fingers inside the first woman. His thrusting sped up. Vince was driving his pole deep inside Lora, harder and harder. Her back arched as she screamed in ecstasy. Once again both partners orgasm, but he still didn't 'cum'.

Lora was given a little kiss before he rolled over onto his back, with his large rod standing vertical in the air. "I'm able and willing, who's next?"

With out even saying a word, Rhonda stood up and straddled his waist. Lora stood up and soon had a foot next to both of his ears. Slowly, Rhonda lowered herself until she was just barely touch the tip. With a hand, she reached down, held the shaft still, as she began to impale herself on it. With a half-moan, half-scream, she came completely down until she was filled once again. Rhonda now sat being impaled by Vince, waiting for Lora.

Facing Rhonda, Lora quickly squatted until she was resting some of her weight on Vince's forehead. Vince angled his head until his tongue was able to stretch inside her slit, tasting her once again. Both girls started to lean forward, and for the first time, gave each other a small kiss. Their arms stretched out and became entangled. They held each other's shoulder as the began to gently thrust up and down. Rhonda's hips thrust onto Vince's large rod while Lora thrust matched the workings of an out-stretched tongue.

Soon all three were breathing heavily and moaning. Vince began yelling something, but was muffled by Lora's snatch. Suddenly his hips thrust upwards, and he finally unloaded. The feeling of being filled caused Rhonda orgasm, her muscled tighten around the shaft, milking it dry. Vince had to control himself from biting into Lora's bare flesh from his own climax. His mouth did clamp down, his tongue ventured further. This, along with the site of the other two's climax, triggered Lora to orgasm, her love juices, flooding his mouth.

Both girls stood up, their legs weakened from the experience, their holes dripping and the fluids running down their thighs. They now switched places. Lora lowered herself onto Vince's still hard pole. Rhonda now straddled his face. Vince now smelled and tasted the mixture created from everyone's fluids. For the first time Vince tasted himself, along with the love juices of the two ladies. His tongue outstretched to clean the sex from Rhonda's thighs. She soon found her own finger sliding inside herself, and her thumb rubbing her sensitive clit.

Lora began to slowly raise herself until the tip was barely touching her. She then quickly impaled herself until she was filled. The fluids of all three lovers lubricated the shaft, making it glide gently in and out. Her body still quivering from its recent height of pleasure, Lora head soon tilted back as she let out a loud moan. Her muscle contracted around Vince's shaft as she arched her back. The sensation of being milked again, caused Vince to let loose another load of cream filling Lora until it began to run down her thigh. Rhonda began fingering her clit faster and faster so that she too came. 

All three had a final earth-shattering climax that left their bodies tingling with pleasure and drained of energy. The girls eventually collapsed and laid on either side of him, resting their heads on his shoulders.

"So, I pass the test? Do you two have boyfriends?"

"No," They both replied, "but we do now!"

"We both just LOVE Vick!!!" said Lora excitedly. Both Vince and Rhonda looked at her, puzzled. " 'Vick' is Vince's dick."

"Oh yes, we DO love him." Rhonda said just before giving 'Vick' a little kiss on the head. Everyone just quietly laughed. 

"Well, to make it simple," said Vince, "from now on, my left side belongs to Lora, and Rhonda has my right." The girls, who were already on their correct sides, gave Vince a kiss on the cheek. "When ever you two go on a date with me, Vince, you will greet me with a kiss on the cheek. Whenever you two go on a date with Vick, you will greet him by both kissing him, and his 'baggage'." A big smile spread across his face.

"OK!" the girls said in unison, as they bent over to kiss Vick and the appropriate ball.

They laid their heads back on Vince's shoulders. A hand from both women caressed Vince's chest and started petting Vick's head.

"Goodnight Vick.........Goodnight Vince."

"Goodnight ladies," he said softly. He kissed both of them on the forehead, and they all drifted off to sleep.