 I'm a fifty-two year old guy on a long dreamed of sightseeing trip through the Scenic Byways of Oregon and Crater Lake. Then I'll head up the Coast highway into Washington State to see Mt. Rainier and Mt. St Helen's after which I'll catch a plane back to my home in North Carolina. I'm retired so time is not important at all. I rented the car in San Francisco and plan to return it up at the Seattle-Tacoma airport. (SeaTac) 

I had been on the California part of the trip for a couple of days and had just crossed into Oregon when I stopped for fuel and maybe a sandwich at the small restaurant next to the filling station. It was a diner sort of place with a long counter with seats but I sat at a booth so I could spread my maps and tour guides out in front of me. It was the last available booth so I felt a little lucky.

It seemed to take forever to get my sandwich and I was just drinking my coffee and looking over the place as two young women walked by my booth on their way to the back of the place obviously looking for a booth. They tuned and when they got next to mine stopped and asked, 

"Would you mind if we sat here with you. There aren't any available booths and you are the only one in a booth by yourself."

"Not at all. Let me move these maps. I'm waiting for my sandwich and you can keep me company while I wait." 

I was guessing they were both in their mid twenties and were both rather pretty. 

They sat opposite me and gave their orders to the waitress who announced that with the big crowd they had things were a little slow in the kitchen and the women answered back that they were on a sightseeing vacation so they weren't in a big hurry. I told the waitress to just hold my order for a sandwich and bring it out when she brought out the ladies food.

We sat there and chatted for a half-hour talking about the places we had already been to and the ones that were still on our schedules. It was surprising that we both had almost the same itineraries for the rest of our trips.

Our food came and we chatted right through the meal and were still going at it with our final cups of coffee. They were Sally and Leah and both school teachers. I'm Bill and as I said before, am retired. I had a great job as a Computer Sales manager but didn't miss working one bit.

We finished our lunches and said our good-byes with the obligatory 'maybe we would see each other again on our travels'. 

The highway I was now traveling wasn't going to lead me past any well-known sightseeing places but the natural scenic beauty of the country I was going through was breathtaking. I ended up that evening in a nice log cabin type of lodge where I got a room at a very reasonable rate. I checked the bar and had a couple of very large scotch and waters'. The bartender was the owner of the place and said when he was traveling he hated the miniscule drinks he had always been served and had promised himself that if he ever had his own place he wouldn't do that. Wow, did he ever keep his promise to himself! They were all doubles at the price of singles; I could get drunk in here at a very low price. I better be careful!

The highway I was on the next day was taking me to a few of the very well known tourist spots in this part of our country and I was anxious to see them. Sure enough there are mountains as high and certainly as pretty as most of those I had seen the previous winter in the Swiss Alps. The views were, to use a much-overused term in this part of the country, breathtaking. At some of the lookout spots every direction you turned would present another view that would have you sucking in your breath with the beauty of the place. It was awesome. I am certain that if they didn't have such harsh winters many of the tourists seeing the area would be moving here to live. 

I had spent so much time looking at the scenery it was almost five PM and I hadn't traveled much further than one hundred miles since breakfast. Once again I was fortunate to find a great motel at a very reasonable price. 

It was late May and still cool enough in the evening for them to have a nice fire going in a huge fireplace in the lounge area. I was sitting at their bar chatting with a couple of guys when I heard a somewhat familiar voice purring, "Hey handsome, can we buy you a drink?" 

I turned and sure enough it was Sally and Leah from a couple of days earlier.

"Well, I don't know. I am very particular with whom I drink." As I spoke Leah had a hand running up and down my arm and across my chest.

The guys with whom I had been drinking were choking on the thought that anyone would even think of turning these two lovelies down.

"OK, you sweet talking devils. You talked me into it now keep in mind that I never have sex on a first date regardless of how pretty the girls are."

Leah played along with, "Well, we'll just have suffer but we can still drink with you can't we?"

"OK I guess. Let's get a booth so we can have some privacy" I suggested.

Sally was giggling at all of this and I had to kiss her to hush her up rather than let our little farce come out in the open.

Once we got over our crazy introduction at the bar our conversation almost picked up where we left off a couple of days earlier. The three us were all a little nuts with the beauty of some of the scenery we had seen since we last met. It was "did you see that.....?", or "how about that....?" "could you believe the great view from that lookout?" Over and over again. 

This went on for an hour or so when I suggested that it might be time to get some food in our stomachs before we got really shitfaced with the booze we had been consuming. We switched from the lounge to the dining room and each of them had an arm in the crook of one of my elbows and we walked like that with the three of us laughing away. I looked over my shoulder at the two guys at the bar and sort of just shrugged as if to say, "what can you do when you have it?" 

The food was terrific and I slowed down a lot with my consumption of booze but the girls kept right on going. I finally mentioned that we might want to have a go-to-bed-cup-of-coffee since it was getting late. I signaled to the waiter and he brought a carafe of coffee and we sipped it for another half hour before I said, "Well gals, I think it's nighty nite time."

Leah said in a not too stable voice, "Aren't you going to tuck us in?"

"Sure show me to your room." As luck would have it theirs was directly across the hall from mine. 

We no sooner were into their room and the door closed behind us than Sally pulled me to her and planted a huge kiss on me. Oh to be twenty years younger. I told you I am an old guy; what I didn't tell you was that I hadn't had a hard-on in years and from the way this was going it would seem the girls wanted an active hard cock to entertain them. I was wondering if my fingers and tongue would give them at least some of what they wanted.

I returned Sally's kiss and I could see over her shoulder that Leah was stripping down for the night. When she was naked I reached over and pulled her to us and then brought her face to mine and then gave her a huge kiss. With me directing my attention to Leah gave Sally a chance to remove her clothes as well. 

They were both naked and I was staring at two pairs of absolutely first class tits. Damn, I was going to have a hard time to wait to get my lips wrapped around them. 

Sally began reaching under my jacket to remove my clothes when I sat them both on the side of the bed to say, 

"Ladies, this is going to be a major disappointment to all three of us but as you have seen I am an old man, very fit but haven't had an erection in years so I won't be of any use to you in that regard. I have tried tons of Viagra and all of the other erection dysfunction medications and none worked. However, I can certainly use my fingers and my tongue used to get medals for its work." I laughed and they joined me. As I was saying all of that I removed my tie and shirt and then pushed them back on the bed.

Sally was the closest to me and I formed the three fingers of my right hand into a wedge and then let it play in her crotch until they managed to find their way inside of the lips of her pussy and moved about searching for her clitoris. Once they found it and encouraged it to come out from under its sheath I began to slide the fingers up and down its side and as I let my mouth play with her nipples her moaning became louder by the minute. I then let her clit retreat and began fucking her with my tightly shaped fingers. I started slow and then began to increase my speed as her moans got louder. Leah was off to the side and said, "Sally, go for it. Let it go honey."

As Leah was saying that I let my other hand drift over and began doing the same thing in her pussy as I was doing in Sally's. By the time Sally was exploding Leah was just getting warmed up and I moved over to her and wrapped my lips around her nipples as my wedged fingers were doing their thing. It wasn't long before her breathing became fast and furious and she had pursed her lips and was sucking in a huge lung full of air. As soon as I heard her moaning and she began to toss her butt from side to side and up and around I removed my fingers and let my face slide over to use my tongue on her pussy. That did it. A minute or so of that and she was reaching down and clamping my face between her hands and pulling me tighter to her pussy as she was getting to the point where her orgasm was overtaking her. When Sally saw my mouth on Leah's pussy I could hear her making some kind of noise and as soon as I felt Leah explode I slid back to Sally's crotch and used my tongue on her. She had just had an orgasm but that didn't seem to matter. Another few minutes of my mouth on her pussy and she was exploding all over again.

Sally said, "Bill, this isn't fair. Just because you can't get an erection can't we do something for you?" As she was saying this Leah had pulled my jockeys down and was taking my soft cock in her mouth. She used her tongue all over and around the head as well as letting it trace the veins she could see in my shaft. I wasn't getting hard but it did feel good. Maybe, just maybe, with this type of attention my cock would come back to life once again.

I was kissing Sally while Leah was doing her thing with her mouth and then I reached down and lifted her face up to mine so I could plant some kisses on her. At the same time I lightly pushed Sally's mouth down to my cock and let it replace what Leah was doing. Between the two of them working it over I could feel some activity down there but certainly not much. 

Leah was tossing her ass back and forth again and I thought I would help her out again with my fingers. This time I used my fingers to fuck her pussy but also made room for my face to get under them and search out her clit. I was then able to lick her clit while my fingers were fucking her pussy. It only took a few minutes of that and she went wild. "Oh God, I've never felt anything like this before. Don't stop Bill."

I didn't and let my other hand wander up and lightly massage her tits. That did it. She let out a low howl and then threw her pussy from side to side and then hard at my face as she was going through another orgasm. She finally lay back on the bed in what appeared to be a completely relaxed state. Her pussy had some serious exercise for I knew damn well that my tongue did.

Sally was still squirming around on the bed and I got up and went into the bathroom. I soon returned with something in my hand. It was a travel sized plastic container of shampoo I found on the shelf in their shower. It was about seven inches long and two in diameter. I lay besides Sally and with her juices still flowing out of her pussy I put the end of the plastic container up to her pussy lips and gave it a slight push. It quickly slipped in a solid four inches. The thing was about seven inches long so we still had a little ways to go. 

It wasn't long before I was holding onto to the end of the shampoo bottle with the tips of my fingers and then began some serious pussy fucking with the fake dildo. She quickly got into the action and I was soon pulling it almost all of the way out of her and then ramming it back in all the way. Whew, she got to love it in a hurry. I lowered my mouth on her nipples and sucked and licked for the next few minutes as she had another huge orgasm.

"Oh Bill, that was better than any cock I ever had in me."

Leah heard that and said, "Well, I'm next for that wonderful fake cock."

I instantly removed it from Sally and moved it over to Leah's lovely pussy. She has red hair and her pussy hair matches her head. I started her off with just putting it in her a couple of inches and then rammed it all of the way in in one thrust and you could have heard her moan down in the parking lot. 

"Oh God, do me. Yes do me."

Do her I did. I pulled it almost the entire way out of her before ramming it back in all of the way. I kept that up for some time getting faster and faster every minute or so. It didn't take long before she was throwing her pussy lips high in the air to meet up with my downward thrusts of the container into her pussy. A few more minutes of that and she was reaching down and grabbing my head and pulling it up to hers to plant a huge kiss on me. 

"Oh God Bill, keep going. I am going to exploooooodddddeeee" she said as she let go. Her pussy was wet from her previous orgasm but it was nothing compared to what just happened. The juices were flowing out of her like the Niagara River was between her legs. I moved my hand from the shampoo bottle to cup her tits as I kissed her deeply and the plastic bottle slipped out of her.

The girls looked at each other a little embarrassed that they had let themselves enjoy something like this but damn if they didn't. They were each still breathing hard from the pleasure of getting fucked as hard and as completely as they had. I must say that I did a pretty good job even if I do say so myself. I only wish it had been with my cock instead of the dildo.

Now girls, I would like for you two to do something for me. As you know I haven't had an erection for a long time but ever since the two of you began caressing my cock I could feel some life in it. I would like for you to take turns sucking me off. First one until your mouth gets tired of it and then switching off to the other one until the same thing happens and then go back to the first one. Try doing this for ten minutes or so and see if I can't get at least partially hard.

Sally jumped at the chance. She soon had me buried and was caressing my balls and her tongue was doing some magic on the head of my cock. She kept that up for a good while and then she pulled Leah down to take her place. Leah did the exact same thing with one exception. As she was sucking my cock she wet a finger and began inserting it up my ass. I never had been fucked in the ass before but this felt terrific. My cock was reacting to it a little and Sally then began to concentrate on it. 

All of a sudden I could feel an old feeling deep in my balls as I felt the beginning of an orgasm. Sure enough, my cock was still not half-hard but I was shooting a load deep in Sally's mouth. I quickly pulled out of her mouth and pulled Leah over to share in the accomplishment. She got the last part of my orgasm and licked up every drop still seeping out of me. 

All I could say was "Holy shit. It has been a long time since that happened. I better take you girls home with me." And we all roared.

I rolled out of their bed and pulled on my jeans and top and then made my way across the hall to my own room. I was sleeping in ten minutes.

The next morning I was up around seven and quickly dressed and then left a note on their door saying I had to get something from the store and would be back around eight thirty. "Keep everything warm for me!"

Sure enough I was back right at eight thirty and knocked on their door. Leah opened it with a towel wrapped around her and just then read my note. I thought they would have been up and down to breakfast by now but I guess with the booze and activity of the previous night they needed their sleep. I let the door shut behind me waiting to see what Sally would be wearing when she emerged from the bathroom.

Ok ladies, drop your towels or clothes, whichever you have on. As I said that I stripped down my pants and jockeys and flipped off my shirt. At least Leah and I were now both naked. Sally came out of the bathroom with her hair up in a towel but other wise naked as a jaybird.

"Hold on, I need to use the bathroom and I went in with the paper bag I was carrying. When I returned to the bedroom I was wearing a ten-inch dildo strapped to my crotch and beckoned Leah over to me. She fairly ran to me. "Oh my God, I don't think I can take anything that big but I damn sure am going to try."

I led her over to the bed and then lay alongside of her giving her huge kisses and lightly massaging her nipples with my hand. I was moving on top of her and positioned the dildo in front of her waiting pussy lips. I gave it a little thrust and went in her three or four inches and she gasped.

"Oh yes Bill. Keep going."

I gave another push and I was in about seven inches and she was really gasping and breathing very hard. "Go slowly Bill. Not real fast now."

I waited a few minutes while thrusting in and out with what she had in her up to then before giving the final thrust and had the whole ten inches buried to the hilt. "Oh my God. That feels unbelievable. I would never have believed that you could get all of it in me."

"Oh hell, Leah, I knew you could take that with ease. Sally said you have the biggest cunt in the area." 

"WHAT, did you say that Sally?"

"No you idiot, he's just joshing you. How would I know how big you are down there?"

I began a slow but steady motion with the big tool. I really had some fear that I could do some damage to her insides but as slow as I was going and as sensitive as I felt, I knew I wasn't touching anything with any kind of force. She began throwing her ass up at me and her breathing started to come a lot faster. It wasn't much longer before she was tossing her head from side to side with her pretty hair flailing out and around and biting her lower lip and then crying out, "Yes, yes, yes fuck me Bill.

And fuck her I did until she gave that final thrust and the juices started to flow again. I kept up my thrusting for another few minutes and then stopped as she came down from her orgasmic high.

It was Sally's turn with the big tool and as I got on top of her I whispered. "Let's make a big thing about how tight you are and that I will probably not be able to get it all in you. It will drive Leah crazy." 

She nodded yes.

I slipped the first inch or two in her pussy and she started to moan. By the time I had four or five inches in she was yelling, "No more Bill. You are splitting me apart."

Leah heard all of this and came rushing over to see still half of the dildo out of Sally.

"Sally try a little harder. You can do it honey." Leah coaxed

"Oh, I'm trying Leah but I'm so tight down there."

I just looked at Leah and nodded and she almost shit herself.

"Maybe if I just rammed it into you and if you split apart so be it."

"Oh God no. Bill you can't do that. It could do some serious damage to her." Leah screamed.

"Oh then I would have to kiss it and make it better. Wouldn't I? Or maybe you could do that for me. How about it?"

By then I couldn't control my laughter and Sally joined in as I slipped the dildo in all the way very slowly.

"See Sally, you do have a tight cunt but it was my tender loving attention that enabled you to take the whole thing. Now Leah's pussy is so big I nearly fell in."
