 The annual back-to-school block party was in full swing. The kids played in the streets with reckless abandon as the DJ table provided the soundtrack for a perfect late summer afternoon. There were several card tables in the middle of the sidewalk, people talking shit while playing spades and dominoes; the aroma from the barbeque grills and the free flowing adult beverages made the overall mood jovial. Even the weather was perfect; a cool, gentle breeze off Lake Michigan drew away just enough of the heat to make standing in the sun a pleasure instead of a chore. 

Samantha did not want to be there. The perfect weather, the perfect atmosphere, only seemed to sour an already bad mood. Her summer fling had ended the week before and she had made the fatal mistake of actually developing feelings for what she knew was a temporary bedmate. If her mother had not begged her to attend, she would have been moping at home with a glass of Merlot, sitting in bed watching depressing black-and-white movies on AMC. Sitting on the porch of her childhood home smoking a cigarette, she was watching the festivities with a look bordering on disgust. She was strong; she knew she'd get over it in a few days, but she was not ready to be social yet. 

"Sam," her mother called from a couple houses down. "I need you to come here for a second." 

"OK Mom," she said as she sighed, drawn from a wistful, painful memory of her ex. Walking slowly with her head down, she was blind to her surroundings. Let's get this torture over with, she thought as she made her way to her mother, silently dreading whatever effort she'd attempt to rescue her daughter from the doldrums. 

"Come on, girl!" her mom said with a hint of impatience. "There's someone here that's been dying to see you again. You remember Tyree Evans right? The boy you used to play with when you were kids? Well he's back from overseas and was asking about you when he came to visit his mother. Say hi." 

Oh Lord! I am so not ready for this shit, she thought to herself. Of all the people who wanted to reconnect, it had to be him. The dorky kid she used to bully all through middle school. The kid she avoided like the plague in high school, doing her best to pretend that he didn't exist despite staying just a few doors down. Tyree Evans, the fucking afterthought. He joined the Army after high school and she hadn't seen him since graduation. 

She didn't know what to expect, but it certainly wasn't the person her mom introduced. To say he'd changed would be the understatement of the century. He was tall, at least 6'1, and chiseled to perfection. He wasn't massive like some overdeveloped gym rat, but he had the type of muscle definition commonly found in Men's Health magazines and strip clubs for women. His skin was dark chocolate and his hair hung in locks down to his wide shoulders. She took the image of him in one glace and was absolutely speechless. "Been a while, Samantha," he spoke in a rich tenor that made her pussy vibrate. The looks and the voice sparked in her an almost uncontrollable urge of lust. 

It took her a second to recover. "Um, yea it has..." she trailed off, distracted by his bare chest and a bead of sweat that slowly made its way down his front. It was tantalizing; it made her want to capture that bead with her tongue as it reached his washboard stomach. Her ample chest began to heave slightly as her imagination ran wild with the possibilities. "The years have certainly been kind to you," she finally regained her voice. 

His smile was pure seduction. "Thank you," he said with a confidence she never knew him to possess. "They say the Army makes a man of you. I guess they did a pretty good job huh?" 

"They certainly did," she replied, her tone turning flirtatious as she regained her composure. They fell into a conversational rhythm, finding themselves at ease with each other, reveling in the growing sexual tension and rising lust as the sun began to set. Almost from the moment she and Tyree began speaking, she had forgotten her problems, her ex, and her sadness. They were replaced by images of him pinning her arms above her head while he shoved his dick deep, deep into her wet, willing pussy. She wanted him. Bad. 

___________________ 

They exchanged numbers and agreed to get together that next night to grab a couple of drinks and catch up on old times. Tyree told her to meet him on the rooftop at the W around 9. Samantha really wanted to impress, to show him her sexy side. She knew exactly what she would wear for the occasion. She had a black and white dress with a mesh top that both covered and revealed her impressive cleavage, tight in a way that augmented her curvy figure; the dress came to her knees but the slit along the right leg rose to mid-thigh. Black thigh-high stockings with lacy tops and three inch open-toed black pumps completed the ensemble. She spent two hours in the bathroom teasing her hair until it was just right, making sure her makeup was flawless, and figuring out which accessories to wear. She settled on a diamond anklet and her diamond-and-sapphire choker. Looking at herself in the full length mirror before heading out, she thought she'd achieved the look she'd intended, a killer mix of alluring and fuckable. 

She made it to the bar at around 9:30, intentionally late. Although she had a pretty good idea of where the night would end up, she didn't want to seem desperate. That would ruin the image she had in mind for the evening. She would dazzle him with sex appeal, they'd sip a little bit, casually flirting and picking up from where they'd left off the night before. Then they'd head to her place; the kids were at her mom's house for the night. She'd lead him by the hand to the bedroom, shedding clothes along the way. They would taste each other, explore each other's bodies, lose themselves in the feel of each other. Their bodies would join, and they'd stare lovingly into each other's eyes as he touched the deepest part of her over and over. Soon the passion and pleasure would be overwhelming and she'd climax, screaming his name and biting his shoulder by turns. She was too much of a realist to think about forever, but she expected a fun-filled night and a warm body to wake up to. 

The magical evening she'd envisioned as she prepared for her date with Tyree shattered when they finally met. He was not alone. "Hey, Samantha! So glad you could come! I'd like to introduce you to my fiancée, Bianca. Bianca, this is my friend Samantha. We grew up a couple houses down from each other." 

"Tyree's told me so much about you! I'm happy that we could finally meet," she said as she placed a possessive hand on his upper bicep. 

Shit, she thought as she attempted to mask the hurt and disappointment she felt at the waste of the evening. She thought she'd read the situation correctly the day before when they chatted. He seemed to be very interested in her; she thought they had a spark, some kind of chemistry. To be so wrong was crushing to her pride, her ego. To make matters worse, Bianca was absolutely gorgeous. She was tall, even without heels she'd be half a head taller than Samantha. Her hair was long and curly with a natural bounce. Flawless almond skin, a heart shaped face, decent sized breasts and an amazing ass, she could have been in movies. Dressed in an all-white miniskirt that hugged her curves so tightly it might as well have been painted on her, guys were breaking their necks to stare. Even some of the women were cutting their eyes toward their table, some with jealousy, others with barely-concealed lust. 

"Nice to meet you too," said Samantha, just managing to keep the bile from her voice. "Tyree never told me he had a girlfriend, much less a fiancée. So how long are you guys gonna be in town?" 

"Oh I don't know. A few weeks maybe? We were actually going to go house-hunting out in the burbs. We were just staying here at the W while we look. What do you think honey? Naperville had some nice houses when I was looking online the other day."  

"We'll talk about it later, babe," he said. "Right now we're catching up with an old friend. Let's have some fun and celebrate huh?" 

Seeing the love in their eyes while they spoke, it was getting more difficult by the second for Samantha to maintain a pleasant expression. She wanted nothing more than to just walk away and forget the night ever happened, but something made her stay. Maybe it was the look in his eyes when they made contact or the feel of his hand as they made contact. She normally steered clear of men who were attached but maybe she felt something different from him, some kind of vibe. Was she completely wrong or was there something there? After all, he never mentioned a fiancée to her. Fuck it, she thought. I already have a babysitter for tonight. I might as well have some fun. Let's see where this goes. 

Samantha was apprehensive despite her mind being made up, and at first conversation was awkward. She was a third wheel in every sense of the word and began to regret her decision from the moment she sat at their table. But Bianca was a great conversationalist; she could make a rock feel comfortable. Add in the dirty martinis and in almost no time they were all laughing and joking like old friends. Sam was actually having a good time with the couple, something she'd have never expected. Business in the bar picked up around midnight and the music started playing. The ladies were feeling the beat and wanted to dance so they took turns dragging Tyree out to the dance floor. Naturally it became a friendly competition between Samantha and Bianca to see who could turn him on the most. Tyree was the unofficial judge and was enjoying himself greatly as the 2 sexiest women at the bar were showing him all the attention. 

They were very suggestive, using their best assets to make him smile. Samantha kicked it off with her amazing breasts and diamond-hard nipples while Bianca's ass figured prominently in her routines. Between the two of them, Tyree's member had no hope of softening. His monster made a definite print in his black dress slacks; he almost let it all go when they joined forces, Samantha reaching from behind him to unbutton his shirt, Bianca nestling his dick between her ass cheeks. By the time they decided to take a break all eyes were on them. They did everything but fuck on the dance floor. 

They made their way back to their table and refilled their drinks, sipping and talking while they caught their breath. The hours had flown by as the trio enjoyed each other's company, oblivious to the world around them and the stares they were attracting. They danced a bit more, drank a bit more, the time just flew by. When they looked up it was 4 0'clock in the morning, time for Samantha to make her exit. She had a wonderful time but she knew she'd be spending the night alone and frustrated. Hope my vibrator has enough battery life, she thought as she gathered her belongings, ready to leave. 

Bianca stopped her, grabbing her hand as she made the move to rise from the table. "Girl, where you think you goin'? The night's not over. You are coming up to our room." 

"You sure?" questioned Samantha, uncharacteristically uncertain. "I mean, I figured you guys would wanna be alone." 

"Bitch, did I stutter? You coming up to our room and spending the night. We have been drinkin waaaaaaay too much for you to be trying to drive home. Ty babe, take her keys." 

"It really is no trouble," Tyree said as he reached for her car keys. "Besides, we had such a good time with you, we'd be sick to death if you had an accident while driving drunk. Come on. Your car will be just fine." 

"You sure you don't you don't mind?" she asked, trying to be polite. "I could take a cab or something..." 

"Sh-sh-sh-sh-shush, woman," interrupted Bianca. "It's already settled. Tyree has your keys, we enjoy your company, we do NOT want this night to end with you at home. We REALLY want you to come up to the suite, you will not be inconveniencing anyone, you will not be a bother. Please come upstairs with us." 

She was slurring her words some, but she was absolutely adamant in her desire for Samantha to stay. Tyree was smiling and nodding as well, completely in agreement with his future wife. Their obvious enthusiasm at the prospect of her staying swayed her; she had no other plans and no real wish for the night to end anyway. She nodded in agreement, Tyree closed out their tab and they made their way downstairs to the suite. 

Samantha was awestruck when she stepped into the massive accommodations. One entire wall was glass facing out into the Chicago skyline, the view dazzling. The blood red carpet was thick enough to drown in. The furniture, the walls, the balcony, everything looked so expensive it was hard to comprehend. Local boy made good for real! she thought as she sunk into the rich carpet. "Oh my God, how can you afford this?" 

"Oh this is nothing," said Bianca. "The owner is an old friend of my father so we get the room for the family rate. Don't worry about it. Sit down and make yourself comfortable. Wait. You know what? I have a better idea. We can chill in the Jacuzzi! Come on girl! It will be so much fun!" 

"Seriously?" asked Samantha. "This room has a hot tub too? Damn, that's nice as fuck. You know I wasn't prepared for this right? I don't even have a suit." 

"It's just us, girl. No suits required. If you're a little shy we could have Ty leave the room until we get under the water. See? Problem solved," Bianca spoke in a tone that left no room for debate. It was not demanding; merely matter-of -fact. She'd get her way; to suggest otherwise would not only be futile but silly. "Ty," she continued, taking Samantha's agreement for granted. "Be a dear and grab us some champagne from the mini-bar. Oh, and give us a few minutes please? We need a little girl time." 

She led Samantha by the hand to the oversized bathroom while Ty disappeared to grab more drinks. As they disrobed, Samantha and Bianca took sly glances at each other. Sam was accessing Bianca's figure, curious to see if her body looked as good in the nude as it did in that sexy dress. It was quite a bit better than she'd imagined, sparking a twinge of jealousy in her heart. How is this possible? she thought after the third or fourth glance from the corner of her eye. It's not fair that she has all that ass with such a slim figure. "Tyree is a lucky man," she said aloud, complimenting her new friend with a harmless statement, doing her best to suppress the bitchy side of her. 

"Not as lucky as he's gonna be," she murmured, almost too low to hear. Then she spoke up. "Thanks girl. I hope you aren't selling yourself short though. You look good enough to eat." Something about the way she said it made Samantha look up into her eyes. To Samantha it seemed there was some type of hunger there, hunger she was doing a poor job of hiding. Is she, is she into me? thought Samantha, unwilling to jump to conclusions. Bianca had shown no indications that she liked girls at all; she wasn't overly friendly or touchy-feely. She was beautiful and down to earth, generally a cool person to be around, but that didn't automatically translate to attraction or even interest. I think I might be seeing things. Yeah, that's it. Samantha dismissed her suspicions, though a small part of her was excited by the possibility. 

Fully nude, they sat in the hot tub. For a while, there was no talking. The feel of the massaging jets on their naked bodies left no room for conversation. Samantha was especially enjoying the sensation. The stress from her breakup along with the everyday anxiety from having children seemed to melt away. Muscles she hadn't even realized were clenched eased and she fell into a state of total relaxation. Her eyes were closed and her head rested on the edge of the tub. She didn't notice Bianca closing the distance between them, the predatory look in her eyes. The Jacuzzi left her entranced. 

A soft voice and a hand on her thigh broke the spell. "You know, Ty told me he's wanted to fuck you since he was in 8th grade," whispered Bianca, startling her and putting her off balance. Bianca pressed her advantage. "Looking at you, I can see why. You are very beautiful." She started stroking Samantha's thigh, slowly and seductively. "You want him too, don't you?" 

"No, of course not!" said Samantha reflexively, the lie written plainly on her face. 

"It's ok Sam. You want him, no need to lie about it. My Ty babe is sexy as hell; I can't blame you for that. In fact, I think it's kinda hot for some girl to be drooling over my guy." Bianca continued to stroke her thigh, inching closer and closer to her pussy. Samantha sat stock still, too shocked at the turn of events to respond. Encouraged, Bianca leaned in closer, her lips nearly touching Sam's earlobe. "I know Ty still wants to fuck you; his dick was soooooo hard when you pressed those huge tits into his chest. Now tell me the truth. I know you got a feel for how big he is, tell me you want him to dog that pussy, tell me you want that monster plunging inside of you until you scream." Rendered speechless by her words and her actions, still reeling from the seductive sneak attack, Samantha could only nod. 

"Good," said Bianca as she licked her earlobe. "You may not know this, but he and I have an agreement. Ty can screw anyone he wants, as long as I get a sample first." Bianca began stroking Samantha's pussy, her index finger circling her clit in a manner that was both wonderful and extremely frustrating. She wanted that direct clitoral stimulation but Bianca was denying it for the moment. "Not pushing my hand away huh? Very good. I have a confession to make. I wanted to taste you from the moment I saw you. Dressing in that sexy number, I guess you were expecting to get laid tonight. I may be a little late in asking since, you know, I've got my hand on your pussy, but can I have you? Can I taste you? Can I lick your pretty pussy and make you cum?" 

For a response, Samantha kissed her forcefully on the mouth while reaching over to grab Bianca's crotch. They kissed deeply and passionately for several seconds, their hands busy fingering each other under the water. "Does that answer your question?" Samantha finally finding her voice after breaking the kiss and taking a second to catch her breath. Bianca nodded with a smoky look in her eyes, the depth of her passion finally fully exposed. "Well then put your money where your mouth is, or rather where my pussy is." 

"With pleasure," said Bianca. "Get outta this tub and lay your ass down. You're about to get the best head you ever had." Samantha obeyed her instructions without hesitation, eager for her to prove her claims. 

Bianca began slowly, kissing along the lips and giving tentative licks on and around her clit. She was purposely teasing, working in fits and starts, giving just enough pleasure to have Samantha begging for more. Growing desperate and impatient, Samantha tried to grab her head and push her into the promised land but Bianca was having none of it, easily dodging her attempted grab. Samantha's body was reacting to her work but craved more. The tension was exquisite but it wasn't nearly enough for her to reach her climax. Still Bianca teased and tickled, looking into Samantha's eyes as she worked, relishing her moans of pleasure and frustration. Soon Samantha was reduced to begging. "Come on bitch, let me cum," she said after one particular tongue swipe made her arch her back. "Please, PLEASE. I can't take it anymore!" 

That was the reaction Bianca was looking for. Her tongue started going into overdrive, alternating between flicking rapidly across her love button and stiffening her tongue to fuck her with it. Each yelp, groan or moan of pleasure spurred her efforts. Samantha's hips bucked uncontrollably, as if they weren't sure if they wanted to throw off the instrument giving so much pleasure or keep it forever. As Samantha neared orgasm she grabbed ahold of Bianca's head and pressed her head against her pelvis. Bianca never broke rhythm; she was determined to have Samantha cum in her mouth and thus sip her nectar from the source. Samantha's climax hit with no warning; suddenly her body began to shake and her back came completely off the floor. She screamed out something unintelligible and went still before every muscle in her body relaxed at the same time. She was breathing hard as she tried to recover from the powerful orgasm, a smile stamped across her features. 
