 Megan always fantasized about having a threesome, probably since she became sexually active at the age of 18 with her first boyfriend in high school, but it wasn't until she'd reached her late 20's that her ultimate fantasy became very much a reality. 

 She wanted to a be sandwiched between two sexy, hung guys. Fucked in all her hungry orifices, rung out and used so utterly and completely that'd she be an exhausted but wholly satisfied--not to mention deliciously sore--husk.

 So ever since she'd first realized that as her ultimate sexual fantasy, during those periods of time in her young adult life when she'd been single, and horny, that often occupied her mind as she masturbated in the shower, bath, or tangled in bedsheets, waking up early or sleeping in on weekends.

 Megan worked in an office job she mostly enjoyed, had a small but cozy home, two adorable cats and tons of books, and most of her good friends tended to be guy acquaintances from her job. But she'd tended to get along better with guys than gals. 

 Petite, blue-eyed, with long blonde hair since she was little, she'd recently tried a new hair color to see how she'd like it. Deep, fiery auburn. So far, her work friends loved it, saying it set off her eyes, especially since she'd always been so pale. 

 Two of her best friends from work were Dylan and Greg. Both so different but they'd been buddies since college, and ended up working at the same place had been kind of funny. Dylan was tall, dark-haired, introspective, sometimes brooding, and very intelligent. Greg was more husky, stocky and muscular, short blonde hair almost crewcut, with green eyes and mischievous smile. The atypical jock and life of the party type. But deep down, a sweetheart and good guy...both of them.

They became friends after a combined mutual love of Xbox, Netflix, and fantasy football. Often, they get together at her house for takeout food, beer, and either of the three. To Dylan and Greg, Megan was like the cool sister neither had had. But secretly...both lusted for her, mostly when alone or very drunk.

 Lately, she'd been very aroused at work, often while hanging out during her lunch hour with her cubicle comrades. With her, she'd always been at her horniest in the mornings or evenings after a few beers. But recently Megan had begun to fantasize about her two best friends. She'd even rubbed her fleshy wet pussy a few times and played out this very hot and carnal mental porn flick as she orgasmed. 

 What's gotten into me? Megan wondered. I've never had thoughts like that about them before? 

 While Greg had openly but harmlessly flirted with her, he'd never put on any real moves. Dylan would sometimes look at her, and Megan would feel his intense gaze to her core, but them he'd laugh mirthlessly and make some snarky remark. 

 Fuck, I just need to get laid! For her, it had been a long time...like over a year. 

 But she'd never been the type to go out to some club, mingle in the meat market, and find a quick and easy fuck for the night. Not her style. 

 So what about...but no, she couldn't do that...could she? Just the thought of it, playing in her mind all day at work left her nipples aching and her clit throbbing. She'd been dripping wet since lunch.

 They'd planned on meeting up at her place after work for pizza and beer, and layer the fantasy football draft. Even thought about making it a long weekend since their favorite Xbox game, Dark Destiny, was coming out with Dark Destiny 3 at midnight. In the past, both of them had slept in her spare guest room, usually after one too many beers or the rare shots of liquor, usually tequila.

 On the way home, Megan grabbed a 12 pack of Heineken, and almost subconsciously, a bottle of Cuervo Gold.

 When she got home, fed the cats who twined around her ankles meowing, she changed into her usual comfy after work garb, charcoal-gray sweatpants and a worn but cool black T-shirt with the classic Star Wars movie poster emblazoned across the front. She opened and drank a beer while waiting for the boys, who said they'd bring a couple pizzas.

 By the time they arrived--dressed down and casual like she was--she'd polished off her second beer and was both hungry and horny as fuck.

Neither Dylan nor Greg noticed, as they set things up on her laptop for the fantasy draft. Before that got started, she briefly considered opening the bottle of tequila, taking a swig, and stripping naked in front of them sitting on her sofa. God, just thinking about doing that almost made her cream her thong.

 Once, halfway through the draft as she went to fetch them all fresh icy cold beers from her fridge, she thought about the variety of sex toys she kept in her nightstand drawer. She wondered what Dylan and Greg would think about her array of dildos, vibes, and even her butt plug, which she loved to use while fucking herself with her thick lifelike cock dildo.

 Good Lord, girl...what's gotten into you? Seriously!

 But as the Friday evening went on, and as she slowly became more buzzed, her smoldering arousal and erotic musings grew more intense. And after the draft, Greg pulled out the tequila and 3 shot glasses. 

 "Let's celebrate another killer draft!" he proclaimed. "We're gonna clean up this season!"

 Megan took her shot glass, they toasted and knocked them back. Greg suggested another and by then, Megan felt pleasantly buzzed and extremely horny. They all lounged on the large brown leather sofa and made small talk.

 Megan couldn't stand it any longer...and stood up, facing her two best friends.

 "Guys...I'm gonna be honest. It's been a very long time and I'm horny as fuck. You're my best friends and I want us to get naked and I want you both to fuck me. If you're not cool with that, I understand. And I'm not that drunk, either."

 They both stared at her, eyes slightly glazed from the alcohol, and mouth hanging open. Dylan chuckled and Dylan kept looking away, as if more than a little uncomfortable. As expected, Greg nodded and said okay, but wanted to make sure she really meant it. After she said she absolutely meant it, now or never, she looked Dylan in the face. He lifted his intense blue eyes to her, his longish dark hair half hanging in his face. He brushed it back with one hand.

 "Are you sure you want this, Meg?" he asked. "Because I've wanted to fuck you since we first became friends. But I also don't want to ruin our friendship." 

 "Yes, I'm sure," she said, so wet now, and as she noticed the definite bulge under Greg's jeans, she reached down to slip off her sweatpants. She kicked them off. Next, off came her shirt, and she stood before them in just a pink thong. Her small but perky breasts jutted, pale and conical, tipped with rosebud hard nipples.

 Dylan groaned and rubbed his own clothed tent pole, pushing up against his khaki cargo pants. 

 "Get undressed for me," she said, her hands cupping her tits, teasing her little nipples, then sliding one hand down to slip fingers under the inverted triangle of her thong to tease her shaved pussy. God, she was drenched already!

 The few times recently that she'd fantasized about both of them she'd always thought Dylan's cock would be longer than average and pointed at the tip, while Greg would be average length but thick in girth, with a large plum-sized head. But as they undressed hastily, and surprisingly unashamed to be doing so in front of each other, Megan found it to be the opposite. Maybe it was a combination of the booze they'd all had, not to mention the small joint they'd smoked in her garage before the draft started. Nevertheless, they all didn't seem embarrassed in the least and even nervous, but incredibly aroused.

 Dylan was lanky and mostly pale-skinned, with hairy legs. A soft swath of dark curls reached from chest to groin, but he wasn't overly hairy, thank goodness. His erect cock was thick, hard, and Megan all but drooled over his bulbous cockhead, already damp with precum. Greg was more muscular, tanned, but less hairy, and while he'd already begun to thicken around the waist, Megan still found him irresistibly attractive. And his long curved cock drew her attention with unbridled lust, knowing once she allowed him to fuck her he'd surely hit that fabled g-spot. 

 Both Dylan and Greg sat down on the sofa, idly caressing their erections, their hungry faces rapt as they remained fixed on their nubile and naked host. Megan stepped up to them and leaned down to kiss Dylan, her hands cupping his angular face, then Greg. She knelt between them, her hands gripping both their cocks and stroking their rigid, vein-threaded members, growing hotter and wetter by the second. Then she lowered her mouth to take in Greg's long thinner cock, barely able to swallow three quarters of him before gagging. She'd never given oral to one so long, or had a cock outside of a dildo in her pussy that long. She manipulated Dylan's cock while she sucked and licked Greg from pointed to his shaved balls. Then she switched and found that Dylan's unshaved public area had a very musky masculine smell that drove her wild. When she finally pulled away amidst panting moans from both young men, her pussy throbbed with need, dripping fluids down her slender thighs.

 Megan got to her feet and grinned lasciviously, straddling Greg but lifted her hips so the tip of his lovely long curved cock just brushed her fleshy pink labia. She teasingly undulated her hips just a bit, rubbing her wet pussy over him, and Greg told her how absolutely hot and fucking sexy she was, how much he wanted to feel her pussy on his dick. He leaned up and Reached around to run his hands from her shoulder blades down the curve of her back to the gentle swell of her small, tight ass. His mouth fastened onto her tiny nipples, hungrily licking and sucking them. Megan purred and uttered, "Oh fuck yes!"

 Then, she lifted her hips again as Greg grasped his cock and prepared to thrust up into her. "Wait...Dylan, come here, behind me."

 Dylan got behind her, on his feet, but leaned over to cup her small, perky breasts as Greg sat back, fondling them and pinching her erect nipples lightly. She pressed back against him, feeling his hard cock poke her back, and Megan turned her face up as he lowered his face to her lips.

 "Fuck my ass, baby, please," she whispered. "When I let Greg fuck my pussy, I want your gorgeous cock in my ass. Just rub my pussy juice over it, and slip a finger in first."

 Dylan groaned and snaked one hand down between her ass cheeks to cup her dripping wet pussy, slipping two fingers inside and eliciting a sharp gasp of pleasure from Megan. He smeared her copious fluids up her cleft and lubricating her sweet pinkish puckered anus. Then, gently, he pushed inside her tight orifice with his middle digit, loosening her up. He slipped it out as she lowered herself onto Greg.

 Both Megan and Greg exclaimed aloud at the mutual ecstasy of the first time, of being penetrated and being the one penetrating, of new lovers. Dylan hunched over, not the most comfortable of angles and grabbed her slim but shapely hips, spreading her ass cheeks and couldn't help but watch Megan's sweet wet pussy engulf his best friend's cock.

 As much as he tried, being so talk and Megan short, and riding Greg, the angle wasn't going to work. He needed to be at their level. He leaned down and whispered in her ear as he stroked his cock, aching to be inside her tight small ass.

 Greg overheard and shifted his position, which given that Megan was so petite, he did easily and with his cock still inside her. He lay back on the sofa, Megan riding him slowly, but lay on his belly and chest, hips and ass horizontal and giving Dylan the perfect angle to fuck her ass from behind, doggy style.

 Dylan kneeled behind Megan, who'd stopped gyrating on Greg, his knees on either side of Greg's thighs. He gripped his cock with his left hand and kept his right hand on Megan's lower back. He pressed his cockhead against her greased anus and nudged inside, but her ass was so tight, he had to push harder. Megan made a small growling sound deep in her throat as she quivered in anticipation, them his cockhead slipped inside a few inches with ease. 

 Megan hissed and said, "Oh fuck yes, baby....God fuck yes, nice and slow at first, both of you...then fuck me harder..."

 Because both Dylan and Greg had their cocks inside her, Megan couldn't move much but she was fine with that. She lay on her elbows, head raised as Greg began to pump his hips, thrusting into her. God, she was so wet now, her pussy pulsing and all but gushing as his cock hit her deep. Dylan pumped slower but gradually faster until he buried his thick six inch member to the hilt in her snug ass. Sweat gleamed on both of them as they more feverishly fucked their lithe lover, flesh slapping flesh, and Megan cried out shrilly as she shuddered and came and came...

 Greg growled expletives and pulled out, jacking his cock and spurting long arcs of cum across Megan's belly and tits, even splattering her gasping mouth with a few creamy droplets. Dylan grunted gutturally but said nothing else as he removed his cock and stroked until his cum jetted out to paint Megan across her arched back in prodigious pearlescent splashes. 

 All three slumped down in a fully satiated but exhausted heap, catching their breaths and letting their rapid heartbeats slow down. After a while, Megan peeled herself off of them and said, "Okay, that was fucking hot, guys. Thank you."

 "Hell yes, it was," Greg remarked with a wry grin.

 "I concur with my esteemed colleague," Dylan agreed.

 Megan grinned, and gestured with one hand behind her. "Good. Maybe we can do some more later. But first I need to wash all this cum off me. You boys want to join me in the shower?"

 They didn't need to be asked twice.