 I was 19 at working behind the bar of a local pub when I met Rob and Clare who were both about 7 years older than I was. They were a friendly enough couple and I soon started to spend time with them outside work. I used to spend a lot of time with Clare on her own and she told me right from the start that Rob was into some pretty strange stuff. He liked to screw in front of the window with the lights on so people outside could see in and things like that. One of his big fantasies was to watch while another man screwed his wife.

One weekend, Rob had gone away and I stayed the night at their house. Clare and I got really pissed and ended up with her on the floor with her legs wide apart and me knelt between her legs licking her clit and shoving my tongue in and out of her cunt like I wouldn't see tomorrow. She was the first woman I'd made come and I was hooked. 

That evening we did just about everything apart from actually shag and she couldn't get enough of it. The most incredible experience for me was her bent over the back of a chair while I fingered her from behind, just stroking my fingers up and down her slit and sliding them inside every now and again. All of a sudden she reached down between her legs and started playing with herself. I was absolutely amazed as I'd never seen a girl do this before. I'd also never masturbated in front of anyone but that was about to change. While she played with her clit, I fingered her with one hand and wanked with the other. When she saw me doing this she really started going for it, shoving herself onto my fingers which were dripping with her juices, and rubbing her clit like crazy.

Now, usually when I wank, I don't shoot far but this was set to change too. I was stood behind her letting her set the pace and all of a sudden she really started to shake. When she came with me going down on her it was quite a quick orgasm for her but this seemed to build and build until I could feel the waves of her cunt muscles contracting against my fingers. She then started to groan and this was more than I could take. Just as she started to slow down after this incredible orgasm I could feel my cock harden that extra bit when you know there's no going back. A few seconds later I shot the biggest load I'd ever shot all over her back and ass cheeks. My legs actually buckled and I could barely stand. And to top it all off, she took the hand that I'd been fingering her with and licked her own juices off! I bloody nearly shot again!

As I said, that weekend we did just about everything possible apart from shag. I don't know why, it wasn't something that was discussed. I didn't try as I was terrified that it would put an end to the fun that I was having if I pushed my luck – and I'd never had fun like this, believe me!

Anyway, a couple of weeks later, I'd stayed at their place and I'd gone into their bedroom on the Sunday morning. I was sat on the floor next to the bed on Clare's side. Clare was laid on her side facing me and the TV was on. I'd been extremely daring and slipped my hand under the bedclothes to play with her nipples knowing that Rob couldn't see. She had fascinating tits. They were quite small, really perky with huge nipples that were extremely sensitive to the touch. I swear you could almost make her come by playing gently with those nipples and on this fine Sunday morning I really thought this was going to happen. She'd closed her eyes and I could tell by the way that her neck and face were starting to go red that things were happening. Her head was quite close to the edge of the bed and I leaned across and whispered to her that I really wanted to fuck her. I nearly died when she bit her bottom lip and then said very breathily: "Rob already is". It turned out that whilst I was sat on the floor playing with her nipples, Rob had come behind her and slid his cock into the cunt that I'd made wet! When I knelt up to look, he was laid behind her just fucking her really slowly. I slid my hand off Clare's tits and down her belly to between her legs. She'd put a pillow between her knees to give Rob an easier entry. I pulled the covers off slightly and could just see his cock sliding in and out, all shiny with her juices. I wasn't immediately comfortable with the situation but figured that you might as well try anything once. With that thought, I leaned forward and took one of those great big nipples between my lips, squeezing it to the same rhythm that I could feel between her legs as I just pressed my finger against her clit.

I could see that she wasn't far off exploding and I was starting to feel like I wouldn't be far behind just watching the pair of them. Then Rob pulled his cock out and turned onto his back. Clare knew just what to do and got up on all fours to suck him with her backside pointing at me. Now I absolutely love the view of a woman from behind. Clare had her arse in the air and her legs slightly apart. Because of the way that she was positioned and the fact that she was quite petite, her cunt was very nicely exposed between her legs. This gave me the perfect opportunity to kneel behind her, pull her arse cheeks slightly apart and stick my tongue into her. I'd do a few strokes in and out of her cunt and then slide from back to front up her slit until I could just about touch her clit with the tip of my tongue. Nothing was hurried about any of this; everything was done at a lazy Sunday morning pace. She sucked Rob slowly; I licked and sucked her slowly. I could tell by the way that her juices were flowing that she was ready to come so I stood up and slid my cock into her cunt from behind while she was sucking Rob's and playing with his balls. I was going slow and deep with my strokes and every time I thrust to the hilt, it pushed her head down onto Rob's cock, which he really loved. I'm not sure I'm keen on the idea but I felt directly responsible for Rob's orgasm. Clare didn't like come in her mouth so as I was banging away from the back, she lifted her head off Rob's cock and started to wank him off. Within about 10 strokes he shot his load all over the bed.

Clare finished him and then decided to concentrate on her own pleasure. Her hand went between her legs and she started hammering away at her clit. It was fantastic for me as each time she rubbed her clit, her fingers would brush against the shaft of my cock. As Rob laid there coming down, Clare started to moan louder and louder and then gasped as her own orgasm hit. A woman coming is the sexiest thing as far as I'm concerned and I pumped a considerable amount of spunk into her. Unfortunately I slipped out as the first load went in and the rest of it spurted all over her slit and arse, which just heightened the moment for me.

These weekend sessions were a regular thing for the next few months. We had some really good times. One of Clare's tricks was to kneel between me and Rob in bed and wank us both off at the same time to see who she could make come first. Her absolute favourite routine was to have Rob sit up on the bed propped up on a bean bag so he was almost sitting up. She would then lower herself onto his cock facing away from him. We'd cover Rob up with a quilt as far as we could so that Clare was sat on the quilt but still able to get his cock inside her. I'd then be able to lay on my front on the quilt and suck on her clit while she laid back on Rob's chest. By rocking her pelvis back and forth she could get Rob's cock sliding in and out enough to feel it. As she was coming, I would switch so that I was up sucking her nipples and rubbing her clit with my hand. If we got this right she would scream the house down if we let her. Because the house was in a terrace, I would literally have to gag her with my free hand to keep the noise down. This just made things better in her eyes and her orgasm would soak the quilt she was on and nearly blow her head off!

There was always an unspoken rule that Rob and I would never touch or be too 'visible' to each other. We were both extremely heterosexual but enjoyed an open approach to sex. Our sessions went on like this for several months and then just seemed to fade out. I can't really remember when or why now but I still get a fantastic hard on when I think of those times!