 Suzie and Nina were sat at a table in a quiet bar in Barcelona.

"It's been a lovely day," said Nina, "that wacky church was interesting."

"Yes," replied Suzie, "This city is a nice place to visit, but I'm looking forward to getting to Benidorm and lazing by the pool for a few days."

"There's no harm in a little bit of culture you know."

"How are your legs?"

"I'm getting very sore, I think I might take them off."

"Shall we go back to the apartment?"

"No, it's o.k., wait here."

Nina got up and went off to the toilets. A group of men entered the bar noisily as she disappeared into the ladies, the group consisted of two men probably in their late forties and five who looked to be in their early twenties.

"Come on then Mike," one of the older ones said to the other, "the first round's on you."

"Siete cervesas por favor!" shouted the one called Mike to the barman.

The men lined up at the bar to receive their drinks.

"Here's to the groom!" shouted one of the young men and they all raised their glasses and drank.

"Your shout, Phil," one of them said and the other older man ordered more beer.

Nina walked out of the ladies and back into the bar, she had changed from her usual black trousers into a pair of salmon pink shorts. She walked quite steadily back to her table, seven pairs of eyes following her.

"She looks just like that Amanda Seyfried," whispered one of the men to another.

"Are they looking?" Nina asked as she sat, facing away from them.

"Not any more," replied Suzie, "you see, you're not a freak, don't be so self-conscious."

"Some of them are quite cute, even the old ones are o.k. and the fat one looks like a young James Corden."

"Jesus Nee," whispered Suzie, "you're not thinking of getting off with one are you?"

"Dunno, maybe."

Nina undid the fastenings on her false legs, took them off and passed them to her friend. Suzie leaned them against the wall next to the table. 

"Oh that's so much better," said Nina, "now go and get me another glass of wine."

Suzie went to the bar. She asked for two glasses of white. One of the older men came up to her.

"Did your friend lose her legs in an accident?" He asked.

"I.E.D., Afghanistan," she replied.

"Oh, that's terrible," he replied, "I am so sorry."

"It's been two years, she's coming to terms with it."

The barman put two glasses of chilled white wine on the bar. The man produced a twenty Euro note.

"I'm getting these," he said.

"Thanks mister," said Suzie, "me and my friend are most obliged."

Suzie walked back to the table, seven pairs of eyes followed her.

"Look at that ass," said one of them, "and those legs, wow."

"Ellie Goulding," said another, "she looks just like Ellie Goulding."

"Are they looking?" she asked as she reached the table.

"Yes," Nina replied.

Suzie sat facing the bar and the men looked away, not wanting to make her uncomfortable.

"Watch this," said Nina with a wicked grin on her face.

Nina slid off her chair and onto the floor, she pushed her chair over to make it look like she had fallen off of it.

"Ow!" she cried out loud.

"Oh Nee!" cried Suzie, standing up and putting her hand to her mouth.

Two of the young men rushed over and took hold of Nina under her arms. They hoisted her up as a third one came over and picked up her chair.

"Are you o.k.?" one of them asked as they set her back down on her seat.

"I am now," replied Nina in a husky voice. She looked at the one on her left, "what's your name?"she asked.

"Pete," he replied, "it's my stag."

"Well, she's a lucky girl, whoever she is."

"I think we should get you back to the apartment," said Suzie.

"You stay here and have a drink with the boys," said Nina to Suzie but looking into Pete's eyes, "maybe Pete here would like to carry me back to the apartment, it's just around the corner."

"What's going on?" asked Mike, walking over to them.

"We are interrupting your celebrations," said Suzie, "come on Nina, leave Pete alone."

"No, no, it's fine," said Pete, "it's only six o'clock, we've plenty of drinking time left, let me get you home Nina."

"I'll stay and have a drink if that's o.k.," said Suzie as she handed Nina the key to their apartment.

Nina put her arms around Pete's neck, he stood up, put his hands under her bum and laced his fingers together.

"I'm not too heavy for you, am I?" she asked.

"No," he replied as he started towards the door.

Nina looked into Pete's eyes as he carried her along the street.

"How old are you?" she asked.

"Twenty-one. You?"

"Twenty-eight. How old is your fiance?"

"Molly is nineteen."

"Do you think I'm attractive?"

"You are beautiful."

"Who are your friends?"

"Mike is my dad and the other old guy is my mum's brother, Phil. The others are Sam,Joe,Tom and Rob."

Nina put her lips close to his ear and whispered to him, "my pussy is wet."

Pete stumbled a little, but he didn't drop her.

"Turn right here," she told him.

Pete carried Nina along a side street for a few yards until she told him to stop. She pointed to a door and held the key out. Pete carried her to the door and she let them in. Pete carried her over the threshold and she pushed the door closed behind them

"First door on the left," she said to him and he carried her through it. It was the bedroom.

"Put me down on the bed," she told him.

Pete laid her down gently and took his hands from under her bum. Nina kept her arms around his neck and pulled him down on top of her, then she kissed him.

They rolled around on the bed, kissing, their mouths clamped together. Nina kept her arms around Pete's neck and he ran his hands up and down her back and her bum.

"There are condoms in the bedside cabinet," she said breathlessly after she broke away from the embrace.

Pete jumped up from the bed and tore his clothes off. Nina pulled her top off, undid her bra and threw it to the floor. Then she pulled her shorts and panties off. She lay on her back, stumps spread, watching as he fitted the condom onto his stiff cock. He climbed onto the bed and covered her.

"Oh Pete!" she cried as she felt his cock slide inside her.

"Oh Nina!" he cried in reply.

Pete thrust his cock in and out of her rapidly, she pulled him close and they started to kiss again, mouths open, tongues dancing. It took only a short time before they both let out muffled cries indicating that their coupling had reached it's climax. She felt his cock throb, sending a load of scalding hot spunk into the condom and he felt her cunt pulse, squeezing it out.

"Wow!" panted Pete as he lay on his back beside Nina, recovering from their exertions.

"There's wine in the fridge," Nina said to him, "can you bring me a glass?"

Pete got up and pulled his trousers back on, then he went out of the bedroom.

Nina rolled over and picked her phone up from the bedside cabinet. She tapped in a number.

"Hi," she said into the phone after a moment, "can you and the boys bring my legs?"

Pete came back into the bedrom carrying two glasses of wine. He sat on the edge of the bed and handed Nina a glass.

"Cheers," she said, "here's to the happy couple."

"I never expected my stag do to turn out like this," he responded, "never in my wildest dreams."

"Is Molly having a hen do?"

"Yes, she is with some of her friends in Benidorm for a few days."

"Oh really?"

Just then they heard the front door open and the sound of a rabble entering the apartment.

"Just chuck her legs in the living room," they heard Suzie say, "she won't be wearing them again today."

"Where's the booze?" came another voice, "is it over there in the fridge?"

The bedroom door opened and Mike appeared in the doorway. His eyes widened to the size of dinner plates when he saw Nina, naked on the bed.

"Jesus dad!" shouted Pete, "give Nina some privacy!"

"Oh sorry Nina," Mike said, then, "why are you in here then Pete, if she wants privacy?"

Suzie stuck her head round the door, took in the situation and started giggling.

"What's the joke Suze?" asked Nina.

"I told them you'd fuck him and I was right," her friend replied.

Pete stood up and walked towards the door, picking up his discarded clothing as he did so.

"You've had the son," said Suzie as she pushed Mike into the bedroom, "how about doing the father too?"

"O.k. I will," replied Nina, "how about it Mike? The condoms are in the bedside cabinet."

Mike did not reply, he fell forward onto the bed and buried his face between Nina's stumps.

"Oooh Mike!" she cried as she felt his tongue lappng at her vagina.

Pete turned and watched as his father munched on Nina's wet twat.

Soon the room was full as the others looked in to see what was happening. One of them, Rob, stood behind Suzie, put his arms around her and massaged her breasts through her dress.

"Strip off and form a queue," giggled Nina as she looked at the expressions of lust on the faces of the men watching her.

Mike stopped licking her out and stood up, he began to strip off. Suzie stood still as Sam knelt in front of her, put his hands up under her dress and pulled her panties down.

Suzie pulled her dress up to her waist, revealing her bush to him and he pushed his face up against her. She gave a little squeak as she felt Rob try to put a finger up her ass-hole.

"There's coconut oil in the bedside cabinet," she said.

Reluctantly, Rob gave up his place behind her and went to lubricate his digit, he was replaced immediately by Joe, who pulled Suzie's dress up over her head and off.

Joe undid her bra and it fell to the floor, Tom stood over Sam and put his mouth to her left teat.

"Mmmm, lovely," she moaned as she felt his tongue flicking her nipple.

Mike had stripped and fitted his condom, he covered Nina and began to fuck her slowly with long thrusts, pulling all the way out and pushing all the way in.

"Get on the bed next to me, Suze," said Nina.

Suzie disentangled herself from the young men grouped around her body and climbed onto the big double bed.

"Get inside her," Nina said to Phil, "Let's see which old man lasts the longest."

Up until now Phil had just stood open-mouthed, watching the action. At Nina's suggestion he tore his clothes off at break-neck speed and fitted a condom to his stiff cock.

"Are you ready for me?" he asked.

"What a gentleman," laughed Suzie, "I'm wet and willing Phil, stick that big stiff cock in me and fuck me."

So he did.

The five young men stood around, gently massaging their cocks as they watched Pete's dad and uncle fuck Nina and Suzie.

"Oh fuck yes!" shouted Nina as she came for the second time.

"Oh!" cried out Mike as he filled his condom.

"I win!" shouted Phil, and then,"Oooh," as he too shot his load into the latex protective he was wearing.

"More cock!" Shouted Suzie as she pushed Phil off of her.

Tom was first to get to her, he jumped onto the bed and stuffed his cock inside her in one movement.

"Oh yes!" She cried as she felt him fill her.

"Fuck her tom!" Shouted Rob, "give her a good fucking!"

"Yeah, come on Tom," said Suzie, "fuck me!"

It was all too much for Tom, after only a few seconds he let out a little cry and froze, Suzie felt the throb of his cock as he ejaculated into his condom.

"More cock!" Suzie cried again as she pushed Tom off of her.

Sam climbed onto her and filled her with his cock. He started thrusting in and out for all he was worth.

"Oh yes! Oh yes!" Cried Suzie as she was finally brough to a climax.

"She's coming," said Nina, "she's coming."

Suzie's legs twitched and her head rolled from side to side as she experienced an intense orgasm.

Sam let out a guttural cry as he emptied his balls into his condom.

"What's your name?" Nina asked the James Corden lookalike.

"Joe," he replied.

"Put a condom on and lie on the bed Joe, on your back," she told him, "move over Suze," she said to her friend.

Suzie rolled off the bed and stood up, Rob's lubricated finger immediately started to wriggle it's way inside her ass, she leaned back onto it, letting out a little moan as she felt it going up her. They watched as Nina climbed on top of Joe, facing him.

"Put him in me Suze," Nina told her friend as she settled herself down on Joe.

Suzie leaned forward, Rob's finger still lodged up her ass, and taking hold of Joe's stiff cock, directed it towards Nina's dripping wet cunt. Joe thrust upwards and his meat disappeared inside the slut laying on top of him.

"Ride him cowgirl!" shouted Mike as he watched Joe buck up and down, trying to fuck Nina as well as he could.

"Take your finger out of my ass and stick your cock in hers," Suzie said to Rob.

Rob put a condom on his stiff cock and gave it a liberal coating of coconut oil, then he climbed onto the bed and crouched behind Nina. He took hold of her by the waist and held her steady as he positioned his cock at her ass-hole.

"Hold still Joe," he said as the tip of his cock touched her puckered ring.

"What are you doing?" asked Nina in a surprised voice.

"It's o.k. Nee," laughed Suzie, "I said he could do it. Go on Rob stick it in her."

Rob gave a push and the head of his cock slipped inside Nina's back passage.

"Uuuh!" she moaned aloud as she felt it open her up.

"Oh Christ, look at that!" said Mike, "it's making my eyes water."

"She's loving it," replied Phil, "the dirty little slut is loving it."

Rob gently pushed his cock inside Nina's ass until it was all the way up her, then Joe resumed his thrusting.

"I can feel your cock in her," Rob said to his fat friend, "that is weird."

"I can feel yours too," Joe replied as he bucked up and down under the pair of them.

"Come on Pete," said Suzie, climbing back onto the bed "you must be ready to do it again."

Pete was stiffening and he rubbed himself to full hardness, put a condom on and covered Suzie.

"Oh nice!" she cried as she felt him fill her, "fuck me like you're gonna fuck Molly on your wedding night."

Pete thrust in and out at speed and Suzie pushed up to meet him, after a minute or so Pete let out a grunt and came for the second time, emptying himself completely.

"Fuck! Fuck! FUUUUUUCKKKK!" shouted Nina as she had another intense orgasm.

"Oh yes!" cried Joe as he came, filling his condom with a load of hot sticky spunk.

Rob sighed and stopped his gentle thrusting in Nina's ass as he too, emptied his balls into his condom.

Pete climbed off Suzie and Phil got down on the bed and put his face to her cunt. She moaned loudly as she felt his tongue flicking her clitoris, finishing off what Pete had started.

"Oh God yes!" She shouted as she felt Phil's tongue doing it's work, "Oh yes you filthy old fucker!"

Mike slapped his brother-in-law on the ass. "So this is why my sister has stayed married to you for twenty years," he laughed.

"Oh fuuuuuck!" Shouted Suzie as she came, squirting ejaculate over Phil's chin, pounding her fists on the bed.

Nina had Sam's cock in her hand and was wanking him. He let out a little yelp as he shot a meagre second load over her tits. She spread what there was over herself, smiling at her work.

The orgy wound down and the men began to drift out of the bedroom, Nina lay on the bed and Suzie sat next to her.

"That was disgraceful behaviour," she said to Nina, "I'm glad we're going tomorrow morning."

"I want to meet Molly, Pete's fiance," Nina replied, "she's in Benidorm."

"I guessed you would want to, it's all in hand."

With that, Suzie leaned over and gave Nina a big wet kiss on the mouth.

"Now, I had better send this lot on their way," she said as she got up and started to dress.