 Thomas exited the apartment reluctantly, and confused at what had just happened. He couldn't help but feel used for some reason. Rita and Jenn were confusing like that sometimes, and their new friend Jana was...

Well she was like them, but times two. Thomas had an idea of what was going on there, however, as the same phenomenon was occurring in his home life as well. Jana, must have been a joining of Rita and Jenn. Similar to Thomas and his roommate, who he had just woken up to the other morning in a way that made them a little... close.

It started after an encounter Thomas shared with Rita and Jenn, and he could swear he watched their bodies... merge together. He didn't get a good look. His mind was blind with pleasure. The two had taken him into their shared body, and he was helpless to the feeling of two women pulling at him. Even thinking about it made walking a chore. These steps to the street below sent aches through him as he grew harder and harder while his mind wandered, his nipple piercing only enhanced the pleasure.

After his first encounter though, he had gone home that evening to find a drunken roommate, who had decided it was time to confess his attraction to Thomas.

Jacob was a handsome man. Dark skinned, and a hard body - the kind that looked like he worked out once and maintained its physique long after - Jacob was a model male human, and he knew it. Thomas wasn't ripped. He wasn't fat, just... he had better things to do than any sort of recreational physical activity. There just wasn't enough time was all.

Jacob had been drinking earlier in the evening, and had made drunken advances on Thomas before, but he just wrote it off as a silly mistake. Turns out Jacob hadn't been drinking though, he just didn't know how to break the ice.

So he settled for a confession and a kiss.

Jacob was a good friend, and a great roommate, and Thomas had often wondered what it would be like to... well... be with a man. So he kissed back, and it was so exciting! Jacob was strong, and hard, but his skin was smooth as Thomas soon learned with wandering hands. His kiss was long, and passionate, like he had been wanting to do this for so long he was afraid of it ending. So they kissed again, harder, interrupted only by two shirts being lifted overhead. They stayed joined at their mouths while belts and pants came undone, and two hard men stood before one another. Thomas' eight inch erection dripped with excitement, and clashed against Jacob and his nine inch cock. They flung out as underwear was pulled off, and collided as they drew each other close.

Their members slid between the others' legs as their bodies embraced. He was Hard as a rock! Thomas wondered if that was how his dick had felt to others. Jacob felt so smooth, and was so strong but gentle. Firm, and reassuring. Thomas couldn't help but feel a little intimidated, and helpless. Not so much helpless, more... well, like he was in good hands.

Jacob had good hands. He gripped Thomas firmly, and Thomas let out a gasp. Their kiss interrupted as Thomas moaned from the suddenness of it all. He resumed their embrace, and returned the favor with a strong grip of his own. Thomas stroked at Jacob, running the length of his cock and was rewarded with the same. It was slow. Firm. It milked out every drop of excitement from them both and for the first time during all of this, their eyes opened and met.

His eyes were so dark, so... deep. Thomas realized for the first time how full Jacob's lips were as they hung open, a low moan escaping between them. Thomas' own mouth felt just as slack as he gasped again. Jacob was rubbing at his tip, so sensitive... and lubricated it with his own fluids.

They brought together again for a kiss. More tongue than kiss though, as they both seemed to want nothing more than to touch the other with as much skin as possible. Their evening ran late, and consisted of Jacob throwing Thomas onto the couch, and using that tongue of his to taste what Thomas had been holding in all evening.

Thomas had never sucked another man like that before and, although intimidated, was insanely curious to. So after a quick lesson, he took Jacob into his mouth, and his eyes opened. Looking up, he watched Jacob as he slowly pulled away, twisting his tongue against him, and playing at the tip especially. Jacob arched his back and sucked in a breath.

"Ooh, easy, watch the teeth!" Jacob exclaimed.

Thomas felt a pang of guilt, "Sorry," he pulled away, stroking gently at the area where teeth marks were visible, then slowly drew him in again.

"N-no you're f-fine." He managed to get out before breathing heavily again. Jacob writhed on the couch. Am I really that good?

"God babe don't stop," He gasped.

Thomas obliged. Smiling triumphantly in his mind. Bobbing his head up and down, he tasted Jacob now fully lubricated, and gripped the base firmly with a free hand. Thomas twisted at the base gently, and flicked his tongue into the slit in Jacob's head.

"Mmmf- okay okay im gonna-" He cut off, and started to lift Thomas' head up. But Thomas continued. He pushed off Jacob's attempts to disengage, and felt Jacob throb.

"F-fuck.. I'm cumming Thomas." Jacob twitched and shook as he burst, no, exploded into Thomas' mouth.

Thomas caught all of it. Each burst brought another load for him to taste. It flowed back to his throat, slid down his tongue, filled his mouth to the point Thomas thought it would start to leak out! He couldn't swallow fast enough! When it was over, he sucked one last time. hard, and milked the last drop out, scooping it up with his tongue.

Jacob moaned and stretched out like a cat on the couch, biting his lip. Thomas slid against his body up to his mouth, where the two shared in a kiss that mixed saliva along with their cum. Thomas tasted Jacob and mixed Jacob with Thomas. Thomas collapsed on top of him.

"Where... did all... this come from?" Jacob breathed heavily. He was talking about Thomas' enthusiasm more than the amount of cum that he had yet to swallow.

"I think..." Thomas started, "I kinda always knew. So," He swallowed, more in preparation for his confession, "I may have imagined this."

Jacob smiled the stupidest smile, and kissed Thomas firmly. Jacob grew hard again.

"Come on, theres more I want to do with you." Thomas stood, and pretended to offer a hand down to Jacob. Instead, he gripped Jacob firmly, and pulled him to his feet. Thomas smiled a devious smile, and turned to guide Jacob into his bedroom, leading him by his hardening cock.

The next morning, Thomas woke to be closer to Jacob than he ever thought he would.

-

Jacob's mind was wracked with fear, and confusion, and strangely - excitement. Thomas, however, felt calmer than one might expect after awakening to sharing a body with your roommate/lover. Their body was a merging of Thomas and Jacobs'. Thomas' half was pale and hairy, a tan line divided their torso, flowing all the way down to their shared cock. While Jacobs was dark, muscular, and hairlessly smooth...

Strange enough, the thought excited them, and their now shared body sent blood flowing into their mis-matched cock.

"Hold on there tiger." Thomas interrupted, "We need to figure out whats happening."

"That wasn't me. I mean, i don't think it was?" Jacob questioned what was happening, but stared at their half brown, half pale member.

"Thomas w- what is... this?" Fear spread through them.

"I don't know." Thomas had an idea though.

"It feels like you're lying." Jacob stared intently at him.

Thomas felt a little guilty. He wasn't lying. But he did have a faint idea.

What is it? Jacob's mind reached out to him.

Thomas had tried to contact Jenn or Rita or anyone really... no, no, he had no idea who would know what was happening. Surely one of them would though! But he hadn't heard from them in a good minute, and neither had contacted him for an evening together. Though, if they did, Thomas wasn't sure how he would walk around the way he was now.

Jacob still looked concerned, but less so now, more... curious. He poked and prodded with his mind at Thomas' side of their body, and they found it to be a little more difficult to control the side you didn't reside on.

Skin tone was a good indicator as to who controlled what, but that wasn't a golden rule. They shifted body types to Thomas' hairy body, then darkened their skin tone to match Jacobs. The result was a bigger version of Jacob's body, harrier, and thicker. Their skin was now a mix of sorts, tan, almost caramel, and their cock was... well amazing.

It wasn't bigger, necessarily. It was a firm 9 inches, and thick. But it was strong too. The head was darker, its shaft retaining their caramel skin, and when they grabbed it-

-their knees buckled, sending them to the floor kneeling. The sensation was... doubled in so many ways. Double the input, double the strength, double the sensitivity and...

Thomas turned to face Jacob, and the two embraced in a kiss. Each controlling one arm, but it was all they needed. They throbbed, and their cock bounced, demanding to be satisfied. Being right-handed, Thomas was in a better position to their right arm to grip at their manhood with choking strength, the strength of two men, and they loosened before finishing prematurely. They maintained hold, and started to stroke, slowly, but still strong.

Thomas took control of Jacobs' arm, their left arm, and pulled at Jacob's head. Bringing it back for Thomas to kiss at his neck. Jacob moaned, and returned the favor. Taking back control of their left hand, he pulled Thomas back by his hair, and bit at his neck. Thomas gasped and bit his lip. Their body shook, and momentarily paused stroking themselves.

They resumed instantly. Picking up speed, and switching control from Thomas stroking - who made Jacob's lips thicken - to Jacobs control - who grinned an evil grin as Thomas gasped and moaned. Back and forth their control shifted, each man wanting nothing more than to please the other and deriving pleasure from the act on its own. The power struggle was icing on the cake, as both "fought" over their shared body, and who would make the other cum first. Jacob held firm, not only on their member, but control over the arm as well. He felt Thomas attempt to seize control, and denied it to him, continuing to stroke them, and throbbing as Thomas moaned in pleasure. Faster and faster Jacob went, until even he felt their body convulse, they were cumming.

Semen shot out, doubly so now that Thomas and Jacob cock shared one exit. Their body shook and both men moaned as they came. They stroked out the last few drops, and wiped up the mixture. Thomas brought it up to taste, but Jacob took control at the last second, and held their hand over his mouth. Hot cum dripped off and onto Jacob's tongue, and he savored each drop. He had the most triumphant smile on his face as he licked their fingers clean, sucking each one dry.

When he finished, he tried to speak, but Thomas interrupted with a tongue into his mouth. He twisted around and scraped cum out of Jacob and into his own mouth, outraged that he didn't share! Jacob didn't give it up easily, and fought for the mix with his own tongue. The two passed cum back and forth between their mouths, swallowing hard what they could. They eyed one another, playfully glaring and grinning at their "fight." They tasted amazing.

"Enjoy it," Thomas pulled away, a drop of spit mixed with cum lined their mouths, and connected them. "Next load is mine." He finished, flicking his tongue to scoop up the tether.

"hmm, no." Jacob replied, "No, but you're welcome to try. You got a taste this time but next one is all mine." He retorted with a sly smile. The two hardened again, the challenge excited them, and everything seemed to arouse them now!

"Bedroom. Now." was all Thomas got out before their body ran for the room, and dug into a drawer filled with toys.

-

Thomas and Jacob sat atop a toy Jacob had been fond of using for a while now. It was a double dildo, 12 inches, ribbed, but not too thick, and only one end was being utilized at the moment. The two faced one another, splitting at the hips. Thomas' whiter legs merged with Jacobs' darker tone at the thigh, and extended behind the other man. They shared a cock, but it split a little differently at this angle. The head had an almost "double" look to it, as the top of the head split into what looked to be two dicks stacked on top another, the bottoms of the shafts merged, sharing a urethra. They sat with the dildo pushed into their shared anus, ribbed textures dragging along the way into them, each bump sent a shock of pleasure through them.

Thomas gripped their shared member. Thumb brushing against his half of their head, then Jacobs. Their shared urethra produced a mixture of fluids from both men, and Jacob bit his full lips. Jacob reached underneath, and pushed their dildo in further. Thomas moaned, and replied with a stroke that forced a gasp out of Jacob. Thomas twisted his grip as he ran their length with his hand, and their cocks merged together even further. It looked more like an arrowhead of sorts now. The head curved in both directions, and it appeared to have no bottom now.

Jacob pulled away slightly, and the dildo shifted. It held one side of the wall lining the inside of each man. So when one pulled away, they were unable to separate. The Dildo held them together. Similar to how Rita and Jenn held that grip on Thomas. The two women had tried to separate with him still inside, but he couldn't separate with one of them, he would have to pull out. The dildo would hold them to the same fate, but thomas could shift things his way...

So he did. He shifted the direction the dildo aimed, and it split off in the two men, from their shared hole, it forked and Thomas pushed it toward Jacob's side. The Dildo continued into the other man, and Thomas felt him shudder. Thomas quickened pace.

"D- Mmm.. Did you..." Jacob managed, before the dildo slid in further. He gasped. Thomas stroked harder.

"Shh, cum for me now," Was all Thomas said in reply. Jacob moaned and leaned backward as Thomas milked him dry.

"F- fuck I'm cumming. I'm cumming Thomas." The pressure built inside, and slammed into their cock as Jacob exploded. It had nowhere to go but out, but until Thomas came it would wait.

The orgasm. The sensation. It didn't end for Jacob. He felt like he was cumming, and cumming, and cumming. "F-faa, Aah! Fuck, Th- Thomassss..." The man writhed in pleasure, unable to form words as he came again and again. Pressure built like a flood against a dam. Thomas' half of their cock throbbed and was overwhelmed. Jacob's cum rushed into them, flood gates opening.

"I know babe, I'm c-cumming too." Thomas shuddered, and released his load too.

Jacob and Thomas slammed into one another as each load fought for an escape. Their cum was forced to mix, and exploded outward. The men felt each load shoot toward the only exit, slam into the other man's own load, build, and force outward. They collapsed backward, helpless to the sensation until it would end.

After what felt an eternity, Thomas managed to wobble his way up. In awe at how much cum they just released.

"Thomas." Jacob breathed.

"Jacob." Thomas replied.

"Fuck." They breathed out. Laughing.

-

It only took a day before they got accustomed to the merging. But it took a full week before they were able to complete anything productive toward separating. EVERYTHING turned them on now. Or it seemed to anyways. Since each had their own kinks, the list of things that they found arousing was essentially doubled. Eventually they found that separating was as simple as just wanting to separate. They split at the chest, each retaining their original body, and split further down to the hips, crotch, and legs.

But once separated, they felt... incomplete. Longing to be whole. Merging consisted of a desire to be one. Skin contact was necessary, and one initiated. Once the other accepted the merge, the two flowed into another like two water molecules pulling toward the other. They found this worked almost too well when the tips of their penises collided, or when one was inside of the other.

Jacob thrusted into Thomas. Slamming himself against his behind. Thomas moaned into a pillow, wondering if he was going to be split in two. Jacob was HUGE. He didn't think anal would hurt this much, and hurt so good... he drooled.

"Tommy. Babe, you okay?" Jacob stopped thrusting, concerned, "I told you it would-"

Thomas interrupted by thrusting back, taking him in. He propped himself up, turned around to eye Jacob, and bit his lip as he flexed his anus. Jacob came shortly after. Nearly collapsing as Thomas pulled at him. Thomas shivered as he filled up with Jacob's cum. Hot, so warm, and so much, it felt amazing! Thomas bit at a pillow, drool leaking out as he took in each burst.

"Mmm... fuck." Thomas flexed again. Jacob gasped.

"That was quick," Thomas giggled a deep, low giggle. Smiling and straightening upward. Jacob reached his arms around, embracing Thomas and reasserting control. A hand grasped his neck, another reached down to his cock. Jacob kissed his neck, and breathed heavily into Thomas' ear.

Thomas moaned deeply, enjoying the wandering hands, and the strength he had over him. A throbbing from behind made Thomas gasp, and Jacob grew hard again. Stretching him as he grew more and more excited. Jacob pulled out though, and rolled Thomas over. He spread Thomas' legs apart, and entered him once again. Pulling Thomas toward him by his own cock. He started to stroke, and Thomas arched his back as waves of pleasure washed over him.

Thomas flexed, and Jacob hesitated as his cock was gripped so tightly. Jacob responded by gripping Thomas just as hard, and it was Thomas' turn to hesitate. Thomas wrapped his legs around Jacob, and pulled him in entirely, flexing again, he watched this time as Jacob closed his eyes to drink in the pleasure of it all. Lips open, Jacob moaned as he pulled at Thomas, and rubbed at the tip of his head in a circular motion, grip like iron.

Thomas arched his back, pushing into Jacob, and throwing him back. Jacob fell to the bed, Thomas on top. Thomas grabbed at Jacob's hands with one of his own, and gripped Jacob's neck with his other free hand.

His anus had its own grip on Jacob, and the man now lay helpless underneath him.

"F-fuck babe." Jacob quivered.

"Cum again, I'm not full yet," Thomas slid upward, then fell downward to take Jacob in. "God you're so big..." Thomas gasped, eyes closed.

"And you're... Mmm... getting too good at this... Ahh, oooh fuck I'm cumming again!" Jacob shouted, almost in disbelief.

Thomas was getting better at this. Jacob initiated a merge. Jacob's cock fused into Thomas from inside him, and Thomas - overwhelmed with the sudden rush of pleasure - accepted the merge and the sensation of cumming it brought. A rush filled them both, Jacob shared his climax in that they both came now, but Jacob also came inside of Thomas in a new way.

The merge forced Jacob's cock into Thomas, filling him and almost reaching through like a glove, and merged into Thomas's. Thomas watched his cock grow, and change in skin tone as they became one.

"Fuck, babe I'm... gonna.. cum..." One of them said, or both? Who had said that?

It didn't matter, Thomas watched from above as their hips were brought together, and their cock shook with each burst outward. It shot onto Jacob's chest, and into his open mouth. He did it again! Thomas thought with a wave of jealousy and playful outrage. Another burst came out, but Thomas aimed their cock upward, mouth open, and caught it in his mouth!
