 After months of sharing our fantasies about watching each other have sex with other people, Josh and I started to go out looking to see if we could meet anyone who might be interested in sharing. Sharing our bed...or car...or bathroom stall...we decided to play things by ear and see what happened. Most of the time we just went out to a bars, had a few drinks, maybe met a few people, and it ended up being just a regular night out. That was until we met Katie.

One Saturday in July, we ended up at a bar in Fells Point. Katie was hanging out by herself talking to the bartender who was working, but she soon turned her attention to us. I wasn't sure whether she was flirting with you or with me. The longer we stayed and the more we drank, the more comfortable we got. We didn't even need to steer the discussion to sex; it just happened.

"Anna, have you ever been with another woman?" Katie asked me. 

"Yes, but it's been a while," I said. 

"Were you really? Or did you just make out one night when you were drunk?"

"Oh, she really did," Josh said.

"What about you?" she said to Josh. "Have you done anything with another man? Or more than one person at the same time?"

"Yup," he said. "But I've always wanted a two-woman blow-job. I've never done that."

I watched Katie to see how she'd respond. Her eyes lit up. 

"I've never done that either...but I'd totally be up for it!"

"Really?" I said. We didn't even have to ask. This was too easy.

"Sure. And we can even do it here. Come on!"

"Like, right now?" he said in disbelief.

"Yeah, you'll see."

It turned out she used to work at the bar and she snuck us into a back room lounge, which had a convenient "Do Not Disturb" sign hanging on the door. Between the sign and the couch, it was easy to guess what this room was frequently used for. The three of us went in and she closed the door behind us. Josh sat down on the couch and pulled us both to sit, one on either side of him. 

"Why don't you two get to know each other a little better," he said, leaning back. I looked at Katie and she leaned forward, her lips finding mine. She was eager, her tongue pushing between my lips and my mouth opened to meet hers. We explored each other, inches from Josh's face, while he watched. He pulled my shirt off over my head, and I took off Katie's shirt. Her hands fell to my tits and pulled my bra down, exposing one nipple; she lowered her mouth and began licking and sucking on it. I looked at Josh and he was grinning.

"Let's give him a blow job he'll never forget," I said to Katie and slid off the couch and onto my knees. I reached up, unbuttoned his jeans, and slowly slid the zipper down. I could feel his already hard cock straining at the fabric. He lifted his hips slightly and I pulled his pants lower, freeing his cock, which sprang up. Katie followed me to the floor.

"This is going to be fun," she said.

"Hell yeah," I said, lowering my mouth to the head of Josh's cock and licking it slowly. He moaned. Katie joined me, our tongues touching each other and his cock as we licked around the tip. I traced my tongue down along the length of it, lifted his cock, licked back up slowly along the underside. Katie and I began kissing each other with the tip of his cock in between our mouths. 

"Suck on his balls," I whispered to her. I took more of his cock into my mouth, keeping my lips tightly around the shaft, circling my tongue around the head while I moved down, moving my head up and down slowly. Josh put his hand on the back of my head, but he didn't push himself deeper into my mouth, just absentmindedly played with my hair. I sped up my pace a little, then I pushed his cock deeper into my mouth till it met with the back of my throat. He moaned and I paused there for a moment, savoring the fullness. Then I slid my mouth back up and off of his cock, looked at him, and smiled. He leaned forward and kissed me.

After a moment, I leaned back. "This is my favorite place to be...on my knees in front of you with your cock in my mouth." 

"Your mouth is amazing, baby," he said. I looked at Katie, who was still attending to Josh's balls. 

"You don't have to be so gentle with him," I told her. While she had one of his balls in her mouth, I lowered my head to encompass other one. He moaned in appreciation. I swirled my tongue around and around, then sucked hard, pulling down till it came out of mouth with a pop. 

I moved to sit next to Josh on the couch, returned my mouth to his cock, and took it as deep as I could, moving my head up and down as his cockhead hit the back of my throat. I tried to take it deeper and started to gag. I pulled back, gasping.

"Try again," he said. I did, turning my body to get a better angle. I kept breathing, and felt his cock pushing into my throat. His hand in my hair pushed my head down till my lips were touching the base of his penis. 

"Fuck yeah," he said. I started to choke, and came up for air, coughing. "Are you okay?"

"Absolutely," I said. "I love to gag on your cock."

"You're such a wonderful slut," he said, his hand sliding under my skirt. I wasn't wearing any panties, and his finger slid into my pussy. "Oh my god, you're so fucking wet."
"Sucking your cock gets me incredibly wet," I said, and smiled. "I love having your cock in my mouth." We began kissing and Josh continued to finger me until I said, "You're distracting me. It's a wonderful distraction...I'll come back for more later. My cunt needs you, baby. But your cock needs my mouth more, and poor Katie is feeling neglected."

I rejoined her on the floor and I told her, "Why don't you suck his cock for a while."

Apparently she had been waiting for me to say this because she went to town. I returned to Josh's balls, and began licking and sucking while Katie's head bobbed up and down on his cock. I moved my mouth lower and pushed my tongue along the crevice beneath. Josh shifted in anticipation; I pushed his leg up onto the couch and pulled his hips closer to the edge of the couch. 

"Oh my god," he said. "Yes." I spread his ass apart and flicked my tongue over his asshole. He groaned. Then I pushed my face closer and moved my tongue up and down slightly. His legs began to shake. Katie picked her head up from her eager blowjob to see what was going on.

"Are you licking his ass?"

I pulled my head back. "Yeah, he loves it."

"Oh my god, do I fucking love it," he said. I returned to his ass, and began licking up and down, over his asshole up to his balls, licking and sucking them, and going back down. Katie began licking up and down his shaft while I did this. Soon, she closed her hand around the base of his cock and began to coordinate her hand and mouth along his now rock hard cock. I returned to his ass and pushed my tongue against it, as he gasped and his body continued to quiver. I licked my finger, making sure to get it very wet, and put it against his asshole, rubbing my saliva around his opening.

"Oh my god," Josh said again, as I pushed my finger inside. "Oh my god, yes." I slid my finger in slowly, feeling the tightness and the rounded bump inside. I began to move my finger in and out slightly, running the tip of my finger along his prostate. "Oh my fucking god, baby."

"I want him to cum," I whispered to Katie. She nodded slightly, with his cock still in her mouth. "Do you want him to cum in your mouth, then you pass it to me? Or do you want him to cum on your face or tits, and I'll lick it off you?"

She picked her head up. "I want him to cum in my mouth." She lowered her head all the way down on his cock and he moaned as he entered her throat. She began bobbing her head up and down on his cock, taking him deep. My finger was still in his ass and I continued stroking inside him as I slid my finger in and out. I licked in a circle around my finger that was inside him and his body began to shake again. Then I turned my attention back to his balls, licking all around them, then sucking them tightly into my mouth. 

"Holy fucking shit," he said. I could tell he was close. His body was shaking from this triple assault, and I felt his hips bucking and his body tense as he began to cum in Katie's mouth. I sucked on his balls harder and they contracted in my mouth as he exploded his seed into her. I slid my finger out, and gently licked his balls, till I felt Katie's body shift as she picked her head up off his cock. Her mouth was closed. She leaned toward me, I leaned toward her, and Josh watched. Her closed lips met my open ones, I tilted my head back, and she opened her mouth, kissing me and releasing his cum into my mouth. There was so much that some of it dripped out of the side of our open mouths, hanging in a string till it fell onto my breast. I pulled my head back, looked at Josh, and opened my mouth, showing him my mouth full of his cum. He grinned blissfully. Then I closed my mouth and swallowed.

"Wow," he said.

"What's next?" I said, smiling.