 Sometimes I see dicks everywhere. A cucumber turns into a thick cock. A shower head morphs into a spewing cock. A banana becomes a curved cock.

The delusions carry an irresistible sexual craving. It can hit anytime, anywhere without any warning. All I can do is satisfy my darkest carnal desires.

If anyone found out, my life as my university's top feminist leader would be dead. My books and research would never be taken seriously. I would never be tenured.

So I write this anonymously in hopes that others who share the same problem will know they aren't alone. And maybe they'll find the same solution.

The last attack snuck up on me last week when I stopped at a deli around the corner from my loft. While waiting for my veggie wrap, I watched a cute blonde in a sorority sweatshirt order a polish sausage and carry it to the booth next to mine. She licked her lips and slid the meat into her mouth. I felt my panties moistening. I wanted some sausage, too. The young co-ed deep throated the whole wiener. This was no longer just lunch -- it was sex in public.

"Suck it," I said. "Suck that shit."

The girl dropped the sandwich and furrowed her eyebrows. The fantasy was over.

"Excuse me?" she asked.

I felt every eye in the place fall on me. I'd wished I could've disappeared.

"Oh, um, sorry," I said. "I thought you were someone else."

The girl snorted. And I decided I wanted coffee more than a veggie sandwich.

I slung my backpack over my shoulder and walked quickly toward coffee shop next to the Fine Arts building. The Java Hut has been my refuge since I was an undergrad. I feel safe sitting by the shop's only window and watching the people pass by on the sidewalk. The only problem was the shop sometimes closed at odd hours, like noon, with no explanation. I desperately hoped they'd have mercy and stay open for me.

Thankfully, they did.

A cappuccino machine shrieked as I swung open the door. Jake, the barista, clicked the machine off and shot whipping cream over the top of the steaming cup. He handed the drink to the only other customer, a big-titted lesbian with a sexy nose ring and short, blonde hair. She took a seat near the counter.

Jake noticed me and asked, "May I help you?"

I couldn't answer. My eyes were focused on the bulge in his pants. He looked enormous. Ten inches at least.

"Hello?" Jake asked. "Are you feeling OK, Dr. Jones?"

I snapped myself back into reality with a quick blink.

"Yes, yes, of course," I said. "Just thinking about a poem I read today."

"Longfellow?" he asked.

Nasty thoughts flooded my brain, like a wave breaking over me. Random sex images flashed before my eyes. Tits giggling. Tongues licking clits. Cocks cumming on faces. 

Every inhibition suddenly fell from my body.

"Longfellow," I said. "Yes, I love Longfellow."

Jake smiled at me.

"Sounds hot," he said. "And speaking of hot, can I get you any coffee today?"

"Large cappuccino," I said.

Jake disappeared behind a partition and a machine whirred. The sex images were still shooting through my brain when I felt a pair of hands squeezing my ass.

"I like Longfellow, too," a voice breathed into my ear. "And that's not all."

The hands moved from my ass to my hips and spun me around. It was the young lesbian. The scent of coffee drifted up from her red lips.

"Want a taste of my poetry?" she asked.

I nodded. She planted her lips on mine. Her tongue slipped inside my mouth and touched my soft flesh unlike any man ever had. I kissed back. Our tongues probed and licked like newborn kittens discovering the milk bowl for the first time. Her hands slipped back to my ass. I followed her lead. We squeezed each other's asses and pressed our faces together harder.

"Ahem."

It was Jake standing at the counter with a cappuccino in his hand.

"Would you like cream with that?" he asked.

There was no mistaking what he really meant.

"Fuck yes!" I yelled.

Jake ran to the door and turned the sign around, so "closed" faced the street. He pulled the shade on the window. 

"On your fuckin' knees, lesbos," he said.

Jake pulled down his coffee-stained pants and boxers. His dick stood straight out and pulsed with anticipation. This was no illusion. His cock was real, not imaginary. It was a dream come true.

Jake poked his cock in my direction. I started to take off my glasses.

"Leave 'em on," he said. "Those cat eye frames are fuckin' hot."

My lips wrapped around the head of Jake's dick. I slid slowly down the shaft. He moaned as my head pulled back. I took more of his cock on the second and third strokes. By the fourth stroke, his rod was poking my tonsils. I didn't think I could take anymore.

"Open your throat, bitch," Jake said. 

Jake grabbed the back of my head and forced me to take his whole dick. He grabbed a handful of hair from the top of my head and started fucking my face.

The lesbian lay on the ground behind me and slid her face between my legs under my dress. She licked the left thigh, then the right. She grabbed my panties by the side and pulled. They tore off like paper. The young lesbian's tongue found its way pussy. She teased my clit, then rammed two fingers inside me.

My legs trembled. My eyes rolled back. I screamed as loud as anyone could with a dick in her mouth. It felt like a volcano was erupting inside me. I'd never cum that hard in my life.

Jake pulled his cock out of my mouth. The lesbian gave my clit one last whack with my tongue and slid out from under me. Consumed with ecstasy, I fell to the floor.

"Oh no," Jake said. "We ain't done with you yet. Amanda, strip her naked. Except for her shoes. I want to fuck her with her combat boots on."

Amanda, the lesbian, helped me to my feet. She looked in my eyes and licked her lips. Her face was still shimmering with my pussy juice.

"Wanna taste?" Amanda asked.

I nodded. Our lips rushed toward each other. My tongue dove into her mouth, then licked her chin. I'd never tasted my own pussy before. I'd never tasted anyone's pussy. But I liked it.

When there was no more cum on her face, Amanda pulled my dress over my head as instructed. 

"Mmmm," Jake said. "Unshaved legs. I like that. I'm gonna do you good. Now, get on all fours."

I fell to the floor like a dog. Jake positioned himself behind me and spread my butt crack with his fingers. He ran his tongue from my grundle to my spine three times without touching the hole. Then he paused, and I thought it was over.

But it was just a tease. Jake dug his tongue into my asshole and wiggled it. If I hadn't known better, I might've thought he was trying to stick his head up my ass. Which would've been fine with me. Everything else he'd done that day had worked just fine.


Amanda was rubbing my back.

"You're going to love the next part," she whispered in my ear. "This is what he does to all the girls he really likes."

Jake pulled his face away from my ass. I waited for him to start licking again, but it didn't happen. A long silence followed.

And then, wham!

Jake rammed his cock up my ass.

A jolt shot up my spine. My neck hairs stood up. My toes curled He'd struck a pleasure point deep inside me that I didn't know existed. Every thrust hit it harder, sending me to a higher plane of ecstasy each time.

Jake grunted like an animal as his fingers dug into my hips. Amanda giggled. She lau on the ground in front of me and spread eagle.

"Lick that girl's pussy," Jake said.

He pushed my head down. There was no point trying to tease Amanda with fancy techniques. I dove in and stuck my tongue as far up her hole as possible. Her back arched. I thrust in and out as fast as I could. It didn't take long for Amanda to cum. Her sweet juices ran down my chin. 

Jake began to tense. His grunts grew louder. Just as I thought he was going to cum, he pulled out and flipped me on my back. He put his knees by my ears and shoved his cock in my mouth.

Jake must've unloaded a gallon of cum. The first spurt shocked me, but the rest flowed in like a warm, salty river. I couldn't hold it all. Jizz was running out the corners of my mouth and down my chin by the time he pulled out.

"Don't swallow," Jake said. "Someone else wants a taste."

Amanda was still laying on the ground.

"Give it to me," she said.

Amanda opened her mouth like a baby bird waiting for mama. I kneeled over her and let my mouth hover a f ew inches above hers. The cum broke over the crest of my low lip like water over a dam. I didn't stop until I'd given Amanda every drop.

I thought Amanda would swallow, and our sexual adventure would be over. But nothing went as expected that day. Amanda crawled on all fours to Jake, who was hunched in the corner with a wry smile spread across his face.

Amanda put her face above his and let the cum dribble out of her mouth. I couldn't believe my eyes. The cum that Jake shot into me and I dripped into Amanda's mouth was now back on Jake. Covered in his own cum, Jake's face looked like a map of a very watery region.

"You're up," Amanda said to me. "This time you swallow."

I licked Jake's face clean. I let my mouth fill and then swallowed three times. His jizz went down easy, like a raw oyster.

We dressed when we were done. Jake was about to turn the sign on the door to reopen the store when I stopped him.

"I could be in a lot of trouble if anyone found out about this," I said. "I don't know why I did it. Something, just came over me."

Jake smiled.

"Let me guess," he said. "You have totally irresistible sex cravings when you least expect it. All you can do is satisfy them."

"Right, right," I said. "How did you know?"

Amanda put her hand on my shoulder.

"We have the same thing," she said. "We have to do an orgy like this at least once a day or we go nuts."

"So we can do this again?" I asked.

"Anytime," Jake said.

A tremendous sense of relief washed over me. I kissed Jake on the cheek, then Amanda and walked out. I stopped at the deli on the way home. 

The veggie sandwich was great.

And I didn't see one dick.