 I'd been looking forward to the party for weeks. One of our suppliers had invited a few of us from the office to spend an evening with their account team - to have a meal, go out to a club, and then spend the night at a five-star hotel. All this as a thank-you because we'd done a lot of business with them and worked hard to promote their products with our customers in the last year. I got on the minibus at our office, and settled down for the forty minute journey to the hotel. There was an element of mystery, because I'd not met most of the account team; we did most of our business by email, and I wondered whether they'd look the way I imagined - Claire perhaps a smiling brunette, Sarah a slim bubbly blonde? Claire and I got on well, she was always very helpful and professional, but we'd never discussed anything really personal, just the usual chat about looking forward to the weekend after a hectic week at the office.

The minibus pulled up outside the hotel, and I could see a group of people waiting to meet us. We got out, carrying our overnight bags, and a chap in his late forties who I recognised as John, the senior account manager, came over.

"Good to see you," he said, "I don't think you've met Claire and Sarah before?" He indicated the two girls standing to his right. The blonde one came over and we shook hands.

"Sarah," she introduced herself.

"I'm Claire," the other - yes, a brunette with a ready smile - followed.

"That's amazing," I said, "you're both just as I imagined."

"All good, I hope," smiled Claire.

"Let's go in and get you settled," said John, and we went into the hotel to check in and find our rooms. "We're all pretty close together," John added, "and the rooms are really great - balconies, everything."

After we'd unpacked and changed, we met in the lobby. The men were in 'smart casual' - trousers and shirts - but the girls had taken the opportunity to look really stunning. Sarah was in a long, fitted dress, silvery in colour, that really set off her hair and pale skin, while Claire had gone for a more contemporary look - a sleeveless top with a short, flared skirt, and heels - which really showed off her legs. They got admiring looks from everyone, even John, who saw them every day at the office. John had called a couple of cabs to get us to the restaurant, and I found myself sharing a back seat with Claire - as we sat down, her leg brushed mine and I noticed the scent she was wearing - one of my favourites. We chatted about nothing in particular for the short journey, and I really wondered what was going on behind her smile.

The restaurant was very impressive - candles, silverware, linen - and our hosts had ensured that every table had wine and champagne provided. I made sure I secured a seat next to Claire, and throughout the superb meal I took care to be attentive to her to just the level she would be comfortable with - catching the waiter's eye when she wanted something, passing items across the table, topping up her glass without needing to be asked. The food was superb, and at the end of the meal everyone was very relaxed and comfortable. "Are we ready to move on?" John asked, and we gathered up our things - Claire had brought a lovely cashmere wrap in case the night became a little chilly - and headed out of the restaurant towards the club which was in the same building.

Remarkably the club wasn't really loud - it was possible to have a conversation without shouting - and the music was a good mixture of chart tracks, older stuff I recognised from my teenage years, and even the odd old-fashioned dance number. Claire and I grabbed a table near the dance floor - she seemed very comfortable that she and I were spending the evening in one another's company - and I fetched us some cocktails from the bar.

"Do you want to dance?" she asked.

"Sure," I said, and we headed out onto the floor as a fairly up-beat track was starting. She threw herself into a very competent jive, and I couldn't keep my eyes off her as she moved. A couple of tracks later, I recognised the introduction to a tango, and looked across at Claire. Her smile broadened, she came into my arms, and we danced up close for the first time.

When the tango ended, she rested her head on my shoulder for a moment, then we headed back to the table for a break.

"How about we get some air?" she said, "I think there's a balcony just outside."

So we slipped out of the club and found the balcony. The night was cool, but not cold, and Claire laid her wrap on a nearby chair and leaned on the railing of the balcony. I moved over and stood next to her, then hesitantly put my arm around her waist. She moved closer and leaned into me, and I tightened my hold.

"This is lovely," she said, "I'm having a wonderful evening."

We stood there for a while looking out across the city, watching the lights of the traffic.

"Do you want to go back in and dance some more?" I asked. She thought for a moment, then looked like she had come to a decision internally.

"No," she said, "let's go back to the hotel and have a quiet drink by ourselves."

The hotel was close, even though we'd taken a cab to the restaurant, and we walked along the brightly-lit streets arm in arm. I couldn't believe how natural it felt to be walking next to this lovely girl, and to have danced with her and held her. We reached the hotel and retrieved our keys.

"My room," she decided when I looked at her with a question in my face. We got into the lift - no-one else was in it - and as we faced each other, on impulse she leaned over and placed a kiss on my cheek. I obviously looked surprised, and she said, "That's for being so sweet to me tonight."

She opened the door to her room, and we went in. The room she'd been given was a little larger than mine, and as well as a bedroom there was a separate lounge area with a couple of large two-seater sofas. Claire went over to the mini-bar and got out a bottle of champagne.

"It's all on the company," she said, as I raised my eyebrows. I popped the cork, and filled her glass and mine. We sat down on one sofa, then clinked glasses and sipped. Then without a word, we put our glasses on the table, and she closed her eyes and turned her face up for me to kiss her. Our lips met very gently at first, then I slipped my hand behind her head, into her lovely soft brown hair, and kissed her more deeply which she returned without hesitation.

I caressed her neck, then ran my hand down over her shoulder and gently onto her breast, not moving at first. She brought her hand up and pressed my hand more firmly onto her breast, so I could feel through the material of her top the lacy pattern of her bra and - soft at first, then harder - her nipple. I moved my hand across her breast, then arched my hand to brush her nipple with my palm. She made a tiny moan against my lips, and I responded by making a gentle pinching motion across her breast so that my thumb and fingers held her nipple. She broke contact with my lips, and said one word - "Yes." We moved apart for just a few seconds while I pulled her top over her head and laid it on a chair. I paused to admire her, her shapely breasts now held only by her bra, then moved back toward her. I kissed her again briefly, then trailed kisses down her throat and onto her chest, kissing my way to the breast my fingers had not yet touched. I kissed across the lace of her bra, then tongued her nipple gently, and took it between my lips. At the same time my hand reached to her other breast and touched that nipple. She moved her hands up to her bra straps, slipping them off her shoulders, so that the cups of her bra fell away from her breasts. My mouth now sought her bare nipple and I wet my finger to touch the other.

I shifted position so that I could give both her breasts attention with my mouth and one hand. Then I moved my other hand down to rest on her knee, and slid it gently up between her legs, pushing up her flared skirt, and resting the side of my hand against her now-damp panties. I moved my hand gently up and down, and she flexed her hips to match. Then I pulled aside her panties and ran my finger gently up and down the edge of her opening.

"I want to be naked with you now," she said. Obediently I unhooked her bra completely and discarded it, then unzipped her skirt at the side and draped it over the chair. Finally I pulled her panties down over her feet and put them aside. I admired her now completely-naked body.

"Shall we move into the bedroom?" I asked.

"Yes," she said breathlessly, "I'd like that."

I watched her walk into the bedroom, her naked bottom swaying invitingly. She knelt on the bed, and I removed my own clothes and knelt facing her. We kissed again, and I brought my hands to both breasts, caressing them and touching her nipples. Then I moved down and suckled each nipple in turn while touching the other. She reached up and took my wrist, and guided my hand between her legs; I began to run my fingers round her now-wet entrance, then onto her hard clitoris, and into her opening.

"Stay there" I said, and moved around behind her, fitting my penis into the cleft between her buttocks, and cupping her breasts from behind. I slid one hand down from there over her stomach and between her legs, again caressing her clitoris, and moved the other hand between her legs from behind, so I could finger her entrance and stimulate her even more. By now she was really aroused, and she said, "I know it's quick, but I'd really like to come." So I lay back on the bed and turned her towards me, first kissing her again on the lips, then on the breasts, and finally moving down so her wetness was positioned right above my face.

The first time my tongue touched her wetness, she gasped. "No-one has ever done it to me this way before," she said. I smiled, and touching her breasts and nipples with my fingers, began to tongue her clitoris and suck it gently into my mouth. It seemed no time at all before I could feel the tension in her muscles begin to build towards orgasm, and she began to moan and say "Yes, yes!" Then her climax came, and she shook in my arms as I continued to press my tongue into her until I was sure she was spent. She moved back down the bed so that she could stretch the whole length of her body against me, and I encircled her with my arms as she recovered from the wave of pleasure that had hit her.

After a few minutes, she murmured against my chest, "It's your turn now, what would please you most?"

"Whatever you choose," I replied, "but when I do enter you, I'd like it to be from behind if that's OK."

"That's fine," she said, "I'd like that too." But first she moved down my body, licking and sucking my nipples for a while, then further down till her head was level with my still-erect penis. She licked the shaft, then took the head into her mouth, sucking to get the taste of the drops of fluid that had gathered on it from my arousal. Then she licked and sucked as though my penis were an ice-cream.

"That's really nice," I said, "but don't take me too far, I want to be inside you when I come."

She stopped, and said "I'd like that to be now, I'm ready." So she knelt back in the position she'd been in when we first came into the bedroom, and I knelt behind her, this time pressing the tip of my penis into her still-wet opening. "Yes," she said, "enter me now." So I slid my length slowly into her until I was fully in her. Once in, I moved just enough to maintain my erection, then reached my hand between her legs as I had before to caress her clitoris. A note of surprise came into her voice, "I think I could come again," she said. So I carried on moving inside her just a little, while fingering her clitoris with one hand and stroking her breasts, her body, her back, her buttocks with the other. Then I put my hand on her stomach better to feel the tension once more build inside her, and peak as this time she couldn't control herself and cried, "Yes, yes, yes, ohhhhhhhh!" As her orgasm subsided, I began to thrust more deeply and fully inside her, and "Yes, now!" she said. My own orgasm built quickly, and I put both hands on her hips as I thrust and finally spurted deep into her, making her gasp once more.

Still inside her, I rolled our joined bodies sideways gently so we were lying on the bed in the classic 'spoon' position. I pulled the covers over us, and then wrapped my arms around her, occasionally moving my hand to cup her breasts and touch her now-soft nipples, and touch between her legs where her wetness still lingered.

"Thank you," I said, as her breathing slowed and she began to drift into sleep.

"Thank ... you," she murmured, then was asleep.

We woke in the morning to warm sunlight pouring in through the window. She turned towards me and kissed me, and said "That was a wonderful night - all of it - thank you so much."

"My pleasure," I answered, and smiled meaningfully.

"Do you think you could manage again?" she asked.

"How about we go in the shower, I help you wash, and we see what happens," I said.

"Great idea," she said, threw off the covers, and headed naked for the bathroom. I followed her, and we got into the shower, which fortunately was amply sized for anything we had in mind. She turned under the spray so that she was wet all over. I soaped my hands, and began to wash her back, her buttocks, her legs.

"Don't miss anywhere," she teased, so I moved up close behind her and soaped her breasts, then slid my hand between her legs. Unsurprisingly she was already slippery there so I didn't use any soap, just caressed her entrance and clitoris with my fingers.

"I want you in me," she said, "I know I'd love your tongue -" "So would I", I put in, "- but right now I just want to feel you inside me." So again from behind I parted her legs and as she leaned forward slightly, I slipped into her, I was harder than I would have thought possible after the previous night.

"Don't take your time," she said, "just go for it." So I began to slide in and out of her, again running my hands over her wet body as the spray cascaded over us. She took my hand and pressed it between her legs so I could feel her clitoris, and I moved my fingers over it. My other hand rested on her stomach, and again I felt the unmistakeable sign of her muscles preparing to tighten around my penis for her climax.

"Let's try and go together," I whispered, and touched her even more urgently as I felt myself sliding towards release. Then amazingly she began to shake and moan in my arms as I reached the final strokes and spurted once more into her hidden depths. We remained like that for a few moments, then I withdrew from her and she turned to me, holding her body full length against mine and closing her eyes to enjoy the afterglow.

I dried her off with a huge fluffy hotel towel, and watched appreciatively as she put on first panties, then bra, then a fresh blouse and a business skirt. She brushed her freshly-washed hair and put on lipstick, and I commented, "You look so professional, no-one would even suspect you of the night - and morning! - of passion we've just had."

She smiled and said, "I called down and reserved the room for another night, so let's just see how professional I look when I get back from the office this afternoon and I let you take this all off me again..." My face must have looked shocked - and pleased - as she went out through the door, looking back smiling, and closed it behind her.





A few minutes after Claire had left, there was a knock on the door. I'd just finished dressing, so I went to the door and opened it, expecting to see one of the hotel staff. Instead, Sarah was standing outside. She gave me an appraising look, and said, "Hi, Tom. I was hoping Claire would be here?"

"She had to go into the office this morning," I said, "she'll be back around lunchtime."

"Aren't you checking out, then?" asked Sarah.

"Claire called down and kept the room for another night," I replied, "I think she wanted a bit of a break."

"What a coincidence," she said, smiling. "I'm staying on today too. Want to come to my room for a coffee? I'll text Claire to let her know where we are."

"I'd love to," I said, and followed her as she headed off down the corridor. Today she was wearing jeans and a sleeveless T-shirt, very different from the glamorous fitted dress she'd been wearing the previous night. I watched her walk towards the door of her room, and I was sure she was conscious of my eyes on her as she swayed her hips slightly as she walked.

She closed the door behind us, and headed for the kettle, efficiently making coffee for both of us. "Milk, sugar?" she asked. "Milk please, honey," I quipped. She turned towards me and flashed a brilliant smile. We sat down on the sofa with our drinks.

"So," she said, "you and Claire got to know each other a little better last night?"

I must have looked embarrassed, as she added, "Claire and I are very good friends, we don't have any secrets from one another."

"In that case, yes," I said, "Claire is a very sweet lady."

"You're such a gentleman," she said, and held my gaze with her eyes as she sipped her coffee. I noticed that her lipstick was an attractive shade of red, and she had just a touch of eye shadow on.

"I liked that dress you wore last night," I ventured, "you and Claire made a very nice contrast."

"We planned it that way," she answered, "Claire and I get on well together in all sorts of ways."

"Have you known her long?" I asked.

"About three years," she replied, "but it feels like much longer, we've packed a lot in. We like to have fun, and the company gives us plenty of opportunities, with events like this one."

"Tell me what sort of things you do to have fun," I suggested.

"I'd rather show you," she said, smiling knowingly.

"OK," I said, hardly believing my ears.

She got out her mobile phone and pressed keys, obviously sending a text. "There," she said, "I've told Claire that you're with me and that when she's finished at work she should join us - that should get her to finish up at the office quickly if she can!" 

She moved closer to me on the sofa and said, "How about you start by kissing me? That's always fun."

So I moved slowly towards her, and she did exactly as Claire had done, closing her eyes and turning her face up, lips parted. But there the similarity ended; almost as soon as our lips touched, her tongue was exploring my lips, and her hands were reaching for my shirt buttons. She undid my buttons in a way that spoke of much practice, pushed my shirt off my chest, and broke off kissing to kiss my throat and chest, confidently tonguing my nipples. I gasped, and she broke off and looked up at me, smiling. "A little more forward than Claire, am I?" she said with a chuckle.

"Believe me, I'm not complaining," I managed.

She undid my belt and zipper and took off my trousers, then my Y-fronts, and finished removing my shirt.

"No fair," I protested, "I've not even started on you yet."

"It'll be your turn soon," she grinned, taking my now-hard penis between her hands and kissing the tip. Then she deftly removed her T-shirt and unhooked her bra. I leaned over and kissed the top of one breast, then tongued down its curve to the nipple. Just for a moment it was soft, then swelled under my tongue, and I took as much of her breast as I could into my mouth, running the length of my tongue over the nipple. She made a sound of pleasure, and pressed against me.

"How about we move to the bedroom," she said.

"Sure," I replied, and picked her up bodily and carried her through, putting her down on the bed. Then before she could move, I undid her jeans and pulled them off, leaving her in panties.

"Tom," she said, "I have a game we can play."

"I like this one," I said earnestly.

"It doesn't mean we have to stop," she said, "but it makes things even more interesting." She opened a drawer by the bed, and took out an eye mask like the ones airlines give away to passengers. She put it on, and said, "Now I can't see what you're doing."
