 This is based on a true story and dedicated to the goddess Brittni4u, who always inspires me with her dirty mind and talented penmanship. It would make sense on its own, but you might enjoy it more if you read the first chapter, which can be found here:

https://www.literotica.com/s/two-literotica-writers-finally-meet

Enjoy!

*****

Sitting in the audience of the seminar's keynote address, I found it impossible to focus. The audience routinely erupted in laughter and applause, seemingly thoroughly enjoying the presenter's performance. But for the life of me I had no idea what he was saying.

My mind raced back in time to the previous hour, the hour in which I lost the ability to tout my unwavering fidelity. I had cheated on my wife for the first time, and while a portion of my conscious was trying to process that guilt, the majority of my psyche was reveling in the amazing time I had with Brittni. She said she would be waiting for me in my hotel room, and I imagined her there now, amusing herself until I returned.

Part of me didn't want to engage with Brittni any further. The first time had been so utterly perfect, I was worried that our second encounter couldn't possibly live up the first. Additionally, if I went back for a round two, then what did that say about my commitment to my wife? Not only did I cheat on her once, which could be considered a fluke or a mistake, but now I'm doubling down? As if ten years of marriage meant nothing to me?

Fuck it. I love my wife, but our sex life is a one out of ten. She would never find out about Brittni, who lives on the other side of the country. I could be discrete. Let me enjoy myself. 

I arose from my seat, holding my stomach and grimacing in mock pain, and, coughing, made my way out of the aisle and out of the conference hall. I hadn't been paying attention anyway, so why wait?

...

I sensed an extra presence in the room as soon as I removed the key card and turned the handle. There were two voices, colluding, giggling in excitement, and now gasping at my intrusion. I heard the sound of two bodies scurrying up the bed as I made my way to the end of the hall and they came into view.

Brittni was there, as I expected, but she was joined by a stunning brunette. They were both fully naked, though Brittni was lying on top of the sheets, unabashedly, while her friend had covered herself below the waist. She was biting her lip flirtatiously, and my cock sprung to attention.

"You're back sooner than expected," Brittni said as she jumped off the bed. She skipped the short distance between us and flung her arms around my neck. I gripped her back just beneath the shoulder blades and pulled her tight to me. I kissed her hungrily, anxious to have her lithe, nude form at my disposal again.

She sensed my inhibitions had evaporated, and moaned her approval into my mouth. She broke the kiss and pulled back slightly.

"Whoa," she said. "Someone's ready for more!" 

"Who's your friend?" I asked.

"I think you can figure that out, baby," she replied.

I racked my brain. Brittni rarely talked about anyone except the two of us in her emails. One time she had mentioned a friend she shared dirty talk with, but she admitted they had never been intimate. But nothing else was coming to mind.

"Kelli?"

"See, Kell?" Brittni turned towards her friend. "I told you he was as smart as he was handsome."

Kelli climbed out of bed and walked over to us. Her breasts were bigger than Brittni's, and they swayed with every step. I couldn't wait to get my hands on them. She sauntered around Brittni and myself until she was standing behind me. Reaching her arms around me, she started unbuttoning my shirt, slowly but steadily making her way towards my crotch.

"Not much of a conversationalist, is she?" I asked Brittni, whose face was only inches from mine.

"I laid out some ground rules before you arrived. She will only speak when spoken to. She will not touch you, suck or fuck you, unless I command it. And you will do nothing to her unless I command you to. Can you live with that?" She was smiling, fully aware that I would have agreed to anything she said.

"I came back early for you. Whatever you allow me to do with her would be a bonus. I trust you to take care of me."

Kelli pulled my shirt off and undid my belt buckle. She pulled the belt off completely before unzipping my pants and sliding them to the ground. 

Brittni then grabbed my cock through my boxers and started stroking slowly. I was already rock hard, and her soft hand felt incredible against my rigidness. A couple hours ago, I had been reserved, not wanting to "make love" to her out of respect for my wife. A blow job and anal, two things I never got at home, were all I was willing to do with her.

Now, though, I was overcome with lust. I wanted it all.

She held her mouth open wide, breathing deeply as her heart rate increased, working my cock into a frenzy. Her chest heaved in excitement and anticipation. Her hips thrust forward and backwards, humping the air between us as if she could imagine my cock there. I couldn't hold back any longer.

I grabbed her head with my hands and pulled her mouth into mine. We were ravenous for each other, nearly attacking the other's mouths. She pushed her tongue deep into my mouth, and I gently but firmly bit down on it, holding it there as I tried to suck it dry. 

She pulled back enough to break our kiss and looked me deep in the eyes in shock.

"I seem to have awoken a different side of you," she said. "I like it!"

"I'm willing to do whatever you want right now," I said, in total honesty. 

At that line, it seemed like a wicked idea entered her head. She smiled mischievously, then said, "Kneel before me."

I did as I was told, anxious to be face-to-face with her perfect, tight little pussy. When I reached my destination, I reached around her to cup her ass and pull her sex gently against my face. She smelled of pure eroticism, and her dampness left a slight glistening on the bridge of my nose. She grabbed my hair, as she had earlier in the day, and I thought she was about to pull me deeper. Alas, she had other ideas.

Holding my head still, she pulled away from me and sat back on the bed. She then lifted her right foot and laid it firmly against the top of my head. As she applied pressure, I knew she wanted me to lower my head further, all the way to the ground. Though I easily could have avoided it, I found myself in the process of deifying this goddess, and I willingly acquiesced to her command.

Once my head was inches from the carpet, she slid her foot off the top of my head and presented the top of it to my lips. Now, I have never had a foot fetish, but I knew that she had one bad, and I was willing to serve. I waded in gently, kissing the top of her foot, caressing her ankle to further emphasize my worship of her. I was relieved to identify that her feet did not smell like feet, so much as some floral moisturizer that was quite alluring. It tempted me to go further.

I lowered my mouth and started kissing between her toes. When she spread her toes in response, I knew I was doing it right. I extended my tongue and explored her every valley. 

Next to me, I noticed Kelli had take the identical position with Brittni's left foot, and looking up at Britt, I could see she was in ecstasy. Her head was tilted back, and she had put both of her hands behind her to allow her to slant back for a more comfortable angle. Her toes on both feet were wiggling in excitement. Kelli and I were clearly hitting the right spots.

Feeling a bit mischievous myself, I tilted her foot back and lifted it off the ground so that I could run my stubble up her arch. She gasped and giggled at the tickling effect, yanking her foot back and away from me. 

"Hey, no fair!" she pouted. 

Wordlessly, I moved up towards the bed and held her right leg in the crook of her knee, securing it up by her breast. When she had yanked her foot away, she had exposed that pussy I so adored, and I was not going to be denied this time. As Kelli continued to suck the toes on her left foot, I pressed my lips against her sex and dove in. 

Her scent was intoxicating, like a winter truffle, only sweeter, and twice as luxurious. I extended my tongue to take in as much of her juice as possible. She grabbed my hair with her left hand and encouraged me.

"Oh, yeah. Eat that pussy. Get your tongue in deeper. That's it!"

She loved to be in control, pulling me almost violently into her, grinding her hips against me as if she was humping a cock. I loved it.

Kelli stood up, holding Brittni's foot in her mouth, and moved her leg up and to the side, giving me more space to play with. I put each hand on either side of Brittni's opening and pulled her open, exposing her gaping pussy to my feasting eyes. It was twitching involuntarily, begging to be touched again. 

Keeping her spread, I slid my right thumb into her hole and returned my mouth to her clit, sucking her throbbing nub into my mouth.

"FUCK YES! You do that so well! Don't you fucking stop! Don't you fucking stop!"

As if I was going to stop anyway. I held her clit in my mouth and vigorously flicked it with the tip of my tongue. That sent her into a frenzy. Her grip on my hair got tighter. I know she pulled a few of them out. But the stinging sensation only heightened my enjoyment, knowing that I was driving her to respond that way. She held me tight, so that my every breath was simply a giant inhale of her scent and texture. I continued to flick her clit with my tongue until she paused briefly.

With her hips elevated several inches off the mattress, she erupted, squirting a geyser of juices all over my chin and neck. Her breath was ragged and arrhythmic, spurting violently in a reciprocal pattern with her squirting pussy. She collapsed back on the bed, her hips swaying side to side above the mattress, as if the momentum of her orgasm needed to decrescendo over time.

I wasn't done with her, and I had a feeling she would welcome my next move. Taking her left leg from Kelli, I held her knees apart and lowered my dick to her saturated pussy. But just before I pushed into her, she reached down and grabbed the head of my cock with her hand.

"Wait," she said, still catching her breath. "Not yet."

Her grip on my cock was vice-like. I could feel the swelling bulge beneath her pinky finger. It was torture.

"Go kneel on the ground over there," she exhaled, pointing to an open area about four feet from the bed.

That wasn't the response I was hoping for, but I had promised to do as she liked, and I was a man of my word. I knelt on the carpet, in a spot that allowed me to see the glistening juices oozing from her hole.

"You know, Kell, this guy, just a few hours ago, refused to fuck my pussy. Can yo imagine that?"

She was taunting me. She loved playing these games.

"I've never been able to resist your pussy, baby," Kelli replied. 

"Well that's why I invited you over, Kell," Brittni said as she pulled a strap on dildo out from under her pillow. "Can you hook a girl up?"

Kelli reacted as though she had known what was coming. She quickly stepped into the loops and lodged the back end of the dildo in her own pussy. Securing the clasps against her thighs, she stepped towards Brittni and aimed for her target. A moment later, she pierced what I had intended to take myself, and I was overcome with envy.

"Oooh, you do that so well, baby," Brittni encouraged as Kelli rocked slowly in and out of her. "Keep fucking me like that."

Brittni proceeded at a glacial pace, pumping into Brittni at an infuriatingly slow pace. Brittni seemed to love it, as she reacted to every millimeter that entered or retracted from her. Her movements were equally tantalizing, her back rising and sinking into the mattress, and her breasts swelling towards the ceiling in slow motion.

I had the perfect view of how the walls of her pussy clung tight to the dildo, grasping for it like it was dangling from a cliff. Kelli could not slide out of Brittni without her pussy easing outward along with her. It was a sight to behold. 

"That's right baby. Fuck me like he wouldn't. Oooohhhh."

"How could a real man resist this, Britt?" Kelli taunted.

"He said he wanted his wife's pussy to be the only pussy he'd ever fuck. Do you think that was just a sweet way to get anal from me?"

Kelli laughed. "So he's a romantic ass-fucker? I've never heard of that!"

Brittni laughed too, then reached up and pulled Kelli down to her for a passionate kiss. Kelli laid on top of her, squeezing Brittni's breasts with both hands as she continued to entertain her pussy with the strap-on. In that moment, their bodies were as one. Impossible to determine where one ended and the other began. Gyrating, tidal flesh, acting and reacting against each other, embracing, petting, absolutely no oxygen between them, save for the augmented gasps escaping their mouths. 

My cock was raging, begging to get in on the action. But I wasn't going to beg, and the action was too hot to interrupt.

After a few minutes, their arms wrapped tightly around each other, their motions halted, and they came. It was amazing to witness, as their thighs clamped tight and their pussies pulsed involuntarily at the pleasure. It seemed to go on forever, but eventually Kelli pulled out and rolled over onto her back next to Brittni. They both started giggling uncontrollably. 

"Think you can do better, baby?" Brittni finally called to me. 

"I sure am willing to try," I responded energetically.

"Well, how do you want me?"

I couldn't believe she was even giving me the option. How did I want her? Doggy style was too conventional. Missionary had just been done. Cowgirl would make her do the work, and she just challenged me to outperform Kelli. 

"Standing, against the wall," I finally concluded. 

"Naughty boy," Brittni said as she started to rise from the bed, that mischievous grin of hers still prevalent. 

Testing the boundaries of my authority, I collected her hair behind her and steered her towards the wall nearest the bed. She squealed in delight at my initiative, and yelped her approval when I forced her head against the wall. Emboldened by this, I used my free hand to push her chest against the wall, and then ordered her to stick her ass out for me.

I grabbed my cock and lowered it between her legs, sliding past the asshole I'd already conquered and into the warm dampness beneath.

"Oh my god," she groaned. "You're so much bigger than that fucking toy." 

I knew that was true, and thinking about how tight she clung to that toy helped me envision what must be happening beneath her legs with me in there. 

"By the time we're done today, you're not even going to be able to feel that toy inside you," I said. It was bar far the dirtiest thing I had ever said during sex. Tame, I suppose, to the average person, but for me it was a bold step forward.

"That's what I want, baby. Do it to me. Make me a slave for your cock!"

Christ, she was good at this. Even as she begged me to take control, she had a commanding affect on me. I started pumping a bit faster, forcing the chest against the wall as I did so. I could feel her pussy clasping tightly against me, not wanting to let go. I saw why Kelli wanted to go so slow. It was an incredible sensation, and I wanted to revel in it, too.

But Brittni's insistence on making her my slave compelled me to be more domineering. Instead of me doing the work, I paused, torturing myself as the tip of my cock nuzzled just inside her her juicy cunt. 

"Fuck my cock with your pussy, baby," I said, driving the point home with a sharp slap to her ass.

"Ow!" she yelped as her hips jolted forward. But there was only so far to go, and when her belly hit the wall she bounced back, sliding all the down on my cock. 

"That's it, baby. Over and over. Keep fucking that dick." Her excitement only egged me on. "Pump that cock with your wet cunt!"

She whimpered like a puppy as she moved faster and faster. "Yeah, daddy. You like that pussy? Do you regret not fucking it earlier?"

Fuck, she always knew the right thing to say.

"Yeah, baby. Keep doing it." 

I grabbed her hips and helped steady her rhythm. As with her feet, her mouth, her pussy and ass, her hips were flawless, like soft porcelain, with just enough flesh to grab hold of, but virtually no jiggle. Much better than my wife's cellulite. 

Getting more daring, I reached down and grabbed her left leg, pulling it up and back so that she had to rate halfway around towards me. I lifted her knee so that I could hold it in the crux of my elbow, then I pushed back into her pussy and resumed fucking her.

"Yeah, daddy. That's it. Do what you want with me!"

This new angle allowed me to interrupt her by planting my lips on her. She craned her neck to me and thrust her tongue in my mouth again. Every square inch of each of our bodies felt like an erogenous zone. We were both glistening with sweat, providing natural lubrication as we ground against each other. And the epicenter of this action was the tip of my cock slicing into her eager pussy.

"Yeah! Yeah! Yeah!" she squealed in ascending pitch. "That's it! That's it!" She only spoke between locked lips, filling the space between with deep, guttural moans muted by my mouth. She then wrapped her arm backward around by neck and pulled me in tight. She pushed her ass back as hard as she could without knocking me over and came again. her third of the afternoon, and twice because of me. I felt like a king.

I let go of her knee and she turned to face me. Sinking to the ground because of her wobbly legs, she came face-to-face with my throbbing erection, glazed with her own juices and my precum. 

"Come here, Kelli," she beckoned. Out of nowhere, Kelli, who I had nearly forgotten was still in the room, appeared on her knees beside Brittni. Once again, they were perfectly in synch, each approaching my dick from opposite sides and taking half of it in their mouths. Watching their lips meet on top of my cock was easily the sexiest thing I'd ever witnessed. It was as though they needed my cum to live, like it was the antidote for their depravity. 

They ran their tongues back and forth up and down the length of my rod. As I felt my knees start to go week, I braced myself against the wall. The cum was piling up at the tip of my dick, ready to blow at any minute. I wanted to hold out as long as possible, to capture this moment so that I could enjoy it for all eternity. But Brittni and her way with words coaxed the cum right out of me.

"Come on, baby. I'm thirsty. Give me what I need." She managed to be articulate even with her lips pressed against my mouth. God, she was talented.

"Put it in your mouth, baby," I told her. She willingly obeyed, politely knocking Kelli's head out of the way so that she could cover the head of my cock with her mouth. A quick lapping of her tongue and I lost it.

"FFFUUUUUUUUUCK!" I screamed as she sucked the cum right into her mouth. It felt like I had a firehose attached to me, the current was so strong. It even seemed to surprise Brittni, who gagged slightly as the streams struck the back of her throat. With one hand still bracing myself against the wall, I used my free hand to grab the back of her head and keep her soft tongue against the bottom of my shaft. It was glorious. Her mouth felt like a silk pillow, tightly sheathed around me. She tried to pull back, but I held her for one more moment. It was too diving to relinquish. 

When she tried a second time, I let her go, and she backed off my cock. Looking up at me with acknowledgment of, but not condescension towards, my naughty behavior, she opened mer mouth to show me my cum. "Bad boy," she nearly gargled. 
