 It wasn't that she didn't get laid, that wasn't her problem. Molly could have had sex with just about any man she wanted, and most likely women too. She was petite, with curves in all the right areas. Her brown hair wasn't too long, but it was straight down to just before her shoulders. 

She had been single ever since Eric left. It's not that Eric was ever her boyfriend, but she had a crush on him for the longest time and finally decided to act on it right before he left. They had gone out drinking to celebrate and wound up back at his apartment. Before long, they were kissing. It wasn't even their first kiss. They had always been able to control their passion, but not tonight. He took her onto his lap. Molly couldn't believe it was happening. Eric was tall, with short blond hair. He was perfect. His hands went up her shirt, squeezing her breasts. Molly moaned, she couldn't help it. She had wanted Eric from the moment she saw him, and now here he was, removing her shirt to get a better view of her chest. She wasn't busting out, but she wasn't flat either. Her breasts were nice and round. She was quite proud of her body actually. She felt him kiss around her breasts, as they grew at his touch. She knew she had to have him.

And she did. 

Right there on the couch, they stripped each other and fucked. Not once, but three times in various positions. First she impaled himself on his cock on his lap. Then he laid on top of her, entering her missionary style. Just when she thought she couldn't take it anymore, he positioned her on her knees and fucked her doggie style. It wasn't that Eric was an inconsiderate lover. He was incredible in bed, that was for sure. But just like her other lovers, she didn't have an orgasm. She moaned, she wailed, she came. But it wasn't an earth grinding experience. She knew there had to be more then this. 

Eric's time had come and gone, and he packed his bags and returned home. Molly had been on a few dates, mostly with Steve from work. But Steve was too shy. After three dates, he had barely given her a good kiss. Their relationship seemed to be going nowhere. But he was still good to look at. And for right now, that would have to be enough.

It had been six weeks since that night with Eric, and about a week since she had made the decision that Steve wasn't worth the effort. Molly sat at work, checking out all the guys. I mean, what was she really going to do, actually do her job? Down Aisle five, she saw them. They were definitely the hottest guys she had seen since Eric left. Immediately she ran to find Hilary for another opinion.Hilary, or Hil as most of her friends called her, was a short Korean girl. Her hair was shoulder length, jet black. Her body was what most guys would call cute. Her breasts weren't over whelming, but she wasn't flat either. Her body definitely didn't compare to Molly's. Although Hil was completely straight, she could understand why all the guys wanted Molly.

When the girls returned, both guys were still in the magazine aisle.

"I just want to say for the record, thank you for calling me over here. Holy shit, they're hot""I told you so. Want me to see if they're going to the clubs tonight?""You wouldn't!", Hil grinned.Molly laughed. "To hell I wouldn't. Watch me". Molly walked down the aisle to wear the guys were. The taller one saw her coming and motioned to the other guy to lookup. Both smiled at her.

"Hi, guys. My friend Hil over there and I were wondering if you were going out to any clubs tonight."

"We weren't planning on it, but if you two want to meet us there we will be more than glad to join you", said the taller one.

"Good, well my name is...."

"Hi, Molly. It kind of says it right there on your name tag. I'm Alec and this is my brother Scott". Alec was the tall one. Molly definitely had her eye on him. He was about 6'2", a crew cut hair, very muscular, and the greenest eyes she had ever seen. Scott was about 5'11", in good shape as well (though not as well defined as Alec, and brown eyes.

Molly motioned for Hil to come down the aisle to meet them. After all the introductions were made, the four made plans to meet later in the night. Scott definitely seemed to take a liking to Hil.After the guys left to get ready, Molly turned to Hil "I get Alec, you can have Scott"

"I don't mind which one I have. They both were cute."

LATER THAT NIGHT.

Molly showed up first at the meeting spot. No longer in her work uniform, she now wore a tight red shirt which definitely displayed her breasts like no other shirt she owned. She waited impatiently for Alec. She honestly didn't care if Hil or Scott came, but she knew Hil wasn't gonna miss the opportunity. Molly looked around again, but didn't see either one of them. Maybe the guys decided not to show up after all.

But that's when she thought Alec's head sticking out of a crowd. Just then, Molly felt a dampness between her legs. She was totally horny for this total stranger coming towards her. And the closer they got to her, the more she wanted him. She thought to herself this would be a very interesting night."Hi", Alec said. She looked into his eyes and felt her knees get weak.

"Hi, Alec. Hi, um,".... Molly couldn't even remember the other guy's name anymore."Scott?", the brother responded.

"Scott, of course. I'm sorry." The problem was, she wasn't sorry. "Where's your friend?", Alec asked as he looked around.

"She should be here soon. She got out of work a little after I did, ya know?" Alec moved closer to Molly.

"So, tell me about your selves?"

"There's not much to tell. We're down on vacation for a couple days, leaving in four days as a matter of fact. We're thinking about joining the Army", Alec smiled.

"That would explain the haircuts," Molly joked but neither guy laughed.

"We've always cut our hair like this", responded Scott. Molly felt so stupid at this point. But there was still that look in Alec's face.

"I'm going to go get me a drink while I wait for her, looks like you two need some quiet time anyway," Scott said.

"It's not like that, man." But Scott had disappeared into the crowd.

"I'm sorry about that, he gets like that sometimes".

"No, it's okay. I understand" And then there was silence. The two just looked at each other. Carefully they examined each other from head to toe. The silence was broken when Hil and Scott showed up.Now with everyone back together, the two couples seem to break off. Alec stood very close to Molly and Scott was getting closer to Hil. Not a lot was said during the night, but a lot was consumed. Sometime over the course of the drinking and the dancing Alec and Molly kissed. She didn't remember if he kissed her or did she kiss him? That didn't even matter to her, all that mattered was he was a great kisser. She didn't know if Hil and Scott had kissed, but as with the rest of the night she didn't care. All she was thinking about was doing it again. And she got that chance on the dance floor. 

Molly and Alec were dancing quite close together to a sexy song, they caught each other in the eyes and before she knew it, she was in his arms in a deep kiss. She briefly looked over at Hil to see how she was doing with her man. Unfortunately for them, the chemistry didn't seem to be the same. Hil and Scott were dancing together, but it was clear that he didn't have the same moves as his brother. Hil and Molly exchanged smiles as both continued to drink. After the song ended, the two couples stepped off the dance floor.

"Hey, guys. I hope you don't mind but you know how us girls are... we have a weak bladders and need to go together," Molly joked.

"You know I always wondered about that. Why is it?", Alec replied.

"Remind me to explain it to you later. We'll be right back." Molly took Hil by the hand and led her through the packed crowd to the bathroom. Hil and Molly entered the dimly lit bathroom and crossed to the mirror.

"Well, what do you think of him", Molly asked as she fixed her hair in the mirror. She was impressed just how good she looked.

"Yeah, he's really cute. He seems shy though. You and what's his name seem to be hitting it off really well though", replied Hil. 

"His name is Alec" Molly replied.

"Sorry, you and Alec seem to be hitting it off really well"

"Yeah. I like him and he seems to like me too. He's so hot. And he's a great kisser! Oh my God, Hil. I can't even start to describe it to you."

"I'm really not that interested in details. I'd prefer details of my own, you know what I mean?"

"I know. But the night is still young. I'm sure that he will. I've caught him checking you out a few times"

"I've seen him too. I've been checking him out as well. As if I haven't noticed? I mean, come on?", Hil said with a grin on her face.

"I'm sorry, I should have known better", Molly replied.

"He's really quiet and shy, I like that. I think it's kinda sexy, actually. But I know he likes me".

Molly looked at Hil "Well he should, you look incredible tonight"

"Me? I mean look at you!". Both girls smiled at each other. "You think we've kept them waiting long enough?", Hil asked her friend.

"Yeah, probably. Let's go." Hil and Molly exited the ladies room and crossed the dance floor, finding the guys by the bar. 

"I hope you didn't mind but we bought you a round of drinks?", Scott said as he smiled at Hil.

"Now why would we mind that?", Hil responded with a smile back to him. Molly couldn't keep her eyes off of Alec. She noticed he couldn't either. It excited her even more. She could feel some dampness forming between her legs again.

All four of them started drinking again and an hour later, they all had a pretty good buzz going. Neither Hil or Molly could remember how much either one of them had to drink. They simply lost count of it. Hours past and they continued to drink. And by now they were all pretty much wasted.

Two O’clock rolled around and the bars closed. Alec, Molly, Scott and Hil staggered to the parking lot.

“I hate to be the voice of reason around here, but none of us are in any condition to drive anywhere”, Scott said.

“He’s got a point there”, replied Hil.

“It’s a good thing our hotel is just a few blocks from here. If you would like you can come back there to sober up for a while then we can drop you back off at your cars?”, Alec suggested.

Molly and Hil looked at each, barely able to stop from laughing. “Okay, that sounds like a good idea,” Hil said.

Arm in arm, hand in hand the two couples stumbled through the parking lot. They made small talk as they crossed the busy intersection. Molly still couldn’t keep her eyes off of Alec. After about twenty five minutes of walking and talking almost incoherently, they arrived at the hotel on the second floor.

“Well, here we are. Welcome to Casa de Rest Inn,” joked Alec as he turned on the light. The four entered the modest room. On the floor were two suitcases. Both beds were made. Hil was the first to sit on a bed.

“Actually, this bed is mine”, said Scott as he patted the other bed.. Quickly, Hil jumped up and sat next to Scott. When Alec said down, Molly decided it would be better to sit on his lap, instead of the bed.

“I hope you don’t mind? This seat just looks more comfortable”, Molly joked.

“No, not at all.”

And then there was silence in the room, as Molly stared into Alec’s eyes and Hil did the same with Scott. Molly leaned in and whispered something in Alec’s ear.

"We're going to go get some air. We'll be right back, kids", Alec joked as he put his hand on the small of Molly's back, opening the door for her. 

"Okay, Dad. Try not to do anything we wouldn't do!", Scott replied as the door closed behind them. 

"Are you having a good time tonight, Scott?", Hil asked, flashing a sly smile. 

"Yes, of course I am. But there is something that I've been meaning to do all night but I'm not as smooth as my brother. I hope that doesn't bother you."

"Why should it?", she asked.

"I don't know. Most people when they meet me and him together are surprised because we're so different, even though we look so much a like."

"That doesn't bother me. I'm not interested in your brother, even before I found out Molly was." Hil walked over to the same side of the bed as Scott. "You said there was something you wanted to do?"

Scott took her face in his hands and guided it to his face, laying on her a soft gentle kiss. Instinctively she closed her eyes and kissed back. She leaned into him as he leaned his body against hers. Together they fell to the bed in a deep embrace. All of a sudden, the kiss wasn't so soft or gentle. It was passionate and sultry, deep and long. He began to move his body against hers. Their eyes met for a second before another kiss. She reached for his shirt, lifting it over his head.

Meanwhile outside the hotel room, Molly leaned against the rail overlooking the parking lot. Alec stood against the window, watching her. Molly could feel his eyes on her. She wasn't sure how much she had to drink, but it was definitely a lot. She wasn't even sure how she got to the hotel, very little was actually clear to her. But she definitely remembered the kisses. "I'm glad I got the chance to meet you while I was here", he said. She turned to face him. 

"Me too. It's just too bad that you have to leave so soon," she replied.

"We're here for another two days though, so maybe we can all get together again tomorrow night?"

"I would like that". Their eyes caught each other for a moment and without a word being said by either of them, they rushed into each other’s arms for their third kiss. This time it was more uninhibited. This time there were no strangers in a club or Hil or Scott. It was just them out there, no one even in the parking lot, just a lot of abandoned cars. Molly's hands ran through his hair as the kiss lingered on her lips. She felt his lips leave hers, and travel down to her neck. She tilted her neck back to expose more skin for him to explore. He leaned his body against hers, which was against the hotel door. A moan escaped her lips. She was wetter than she was at the club. Molly realized she didn't know this man. Yes she was attracted to him deeply and he seemed cool as hell. But what did she really know about him? Did she really want to fuck him in some cheap motel room? Maybe the alcohol she drank all night was finally wearing thin. She took a step back, though her knees wobbled as she pulled away. He sensed it in her and didn't try to hold her there

"I'm sorry", she said almost timidly.

"There's nothing to be sorry for. I completely understand. Would you like to go inside? See what they are up to?"

"Yeah, okay," she was surprised he was taking it so well. Not only was he hot, a great dancer, but he seemed even cooler now. That made him even more irrestiable. He took her hand and with his free hand he opened the door. And neither one of them was prepared for what they saw when they entered the room. 

Hil's panty covered ass swaying on the bed as she took Scott's cock into her mouth. Molly just froze. She felt Alec move behind her, pressing his crotch against her backside. She couldn't see if Hil was even wearing a shirt. All she saw was Scott's muscular legs and Hil's head bobbing up and down on a fairly large cock. Molly felt her knees go weak as Alec's hand slipped around her waist. She instinctively leaned back to him. Alec began kissing her neck. Molly closed her eyes to Scott and Hil, concentrating on Alec again. She wrapped her arms around his head, running it through his hair. 

Hil barely noticed Molly and Alec come in. She was enjoying what she was doing too much. She deep throated him, as he moaned softly. Scott couldn't care less if they were in the room, as long as it didn't mean she had to stop. Her shirt was bunched up above her chest, with her rounded breasts dangling down. Scott slid a hand under one, cupping it as it flopped down. Her head continued to bob up and down on him. 

Molly turned around, yearning for more of Alec. She slid her tongue into his mouth as his hands explored her back and hair. She backed him up against the hotel door. Molly slid her hands down his solid chest and into his shirt, massaging his frame. Their kisses were getting longer and deeper. Alec picked her up, light as a feather. She wrapped her legs around his hips. Her arms returned around his neck as they continued their kisses.

Hil removed her shirt and bra completely, letting her breasts fall free. Scott stared at her, taking in everything at once. Her mouth continued to move up and down on him. Her tongue darted across his cock, licking him like a lollipop. Hil glanced back again to Molly, whose shirt was now half off. She couldn't help but stare, hoping to catch a glimpse of Molly's breasts. She wasn't into girls, but she always found herself to be unexplainable attracted to Molly. 

Molly was way too turned on now to stop. The only way this night was ending was with Alec buried deep inside her. And she was all right with that. She reached down, feeling his cock through his jeans. He finished removing her shirt, letting it carelessly fall to the floor. Molly reached around her, unhooking her bra and letting it slide down her arms. It fell to the floor on top of the disregarded shirt. Her breasts begged to be handled, Alec's hands squeezed them firmly. Molly thought to herself how strong he was. As he played with her breasts, she unzipped his pants and slid her hand into them. He felt sooo hard! 

Hil saw the side of Molly's left breast as it pressed against Alec's chest. Scott flipped her onto her back, kissing her neck. Hil's neck was one of those sensitive spots of her body that just to the rest of her in over drive. She felt his hands creeping to her breasts, she was anxious for them to touch her. Scott's tongue darted down her neck to her breasts, licking around her hardened nipple. His hands traveled down her belly. Hil opened her legs as his finger entered her pussy. She was soaking wet!

Alec stepped out of his boxers, his erection standing straight up. Molly looked down at it, with a huge grin on her face. She knew it wouldn't be long before that was buried in her pussy. And that excited her even more. He rubbed the front of her pants, she moaned louder. Quickly he unzipped her pants and lowered them to the ground. Much to his surprise, Molly wasn't wearing any panties. She gave him a naughty grin as he led her to the bed in the corner.

Molly watched as Scott climbed on top of her friend, positioning his cock right between her legs. Hil smiled as Scott thrust inside of her. She kissed her new lover as he pinned her down to the bed. The head board smacked the wall with each thrust of Scott's muscular body into the petite Hil. Her moans filled the room as she moved under Scott, her tongue still dancing in his mouth. Their kisses were getting sloppy, but neither one of them really cared. His body pushed into hers deeper.

Alec threw Molly down on the bed, knowing they had teased each other too much. Molly spread her legs as she felt the weight of Alec crawl on top of her. Quickly she took a hold of his hard cock and guided it into her opening. His muscular arms held her as he thrust it deep in her. Molly had never felt this filled up before, his cock stretching her pussy walls like no man's before him. Molly's legs went up in the air, wrapping around the waist of Alec as he pounded into her. She felt more alive now than she ever had.

Hil looked up from the passion on Scott’s face to watch Alec slide his cock into Molly. She noticed Alec was a little bit larger than his brother was, but that didn’t matter. Hil turned her attention back to Scott, feeling his hands squeeze her round breasts tightly. He stuck his tongue down her throat as the bed continued to pound into the wall. She was breathing heavy now, almost delirious with passion. She had never been this turned on in her life. All that mattered right now was cumming, and making sure that Scott came too. She grabbed his ass as she moaned his name, urging him harder into her.
