 "Oh. My. GOD! Deb, that is so hot," Aaron cried out, his eyes wide.

His wife could only murmur a muffled "Mmhmm" and glance up at his face. Her current position, kneeling over him on the bed, her mouth around his cock, and a hand reaching behind her back to stuff her favorite toy into her pussy, didn't leave much opportunity for conversation.

Deb loved giving blow jobs, and she also loved fucking herself with a toy. One thing lead to another, and the two had figured out this nice new arrangement. Deb found that cock in her mouth and toy in her pussy was even better in combination.

Aaron, for his part, loved to watch his wife fuck herself. But in the back of his mind, he imagined not a toy in her pussy, but the cock of another man. It was a fantasy he'd admitted to Deb, but one they'd never acted upon. Here, though, was a fun substitute, and he loved every second of it.

For that matter, so did Deb. She was happy to play along with Aaron's request, and found that she loved the feeling of two hard cocks inside her at one time, even if one was only plastic. Privately, she wondered what it would be like to have the real thing, sandwiched between two men desperate to please her. Her fantasy gave her a little thrill, and, her arousal heightened, continued to suck her husband's cock deep into her mouth.

The combination of his wife's mouth on his cock, the visual of watching her fuck herself with the toy, and imagining watching another man behind her was soon too much for Aaron. His cock began to swell as he felt his orgasm rising. Aaron moaned as he shot his load in his wife's mouth, his legs spasming as he came.

Deb latched her mouth solidly around Aaron's cock and sucked, her tongue swirling around the underside of his cock, and felt him tense beneath her. She held him solidly in her mouth as he came down from his orgasm, feeling satisfaction from the effect she had on him.

Deb stood, casually removing the toy from inside her and wiping her lips where some of Aaron's seed had dribbled out.

"Come on lover, get dressed," Deb instructed, "You know we're due at Kim and Brandon's house."

Aaron could only whimper in response.

********

An hour later, Aaron still felt unsteady on his feet from his wife's earlier attentions. His bliss was interrupted the moment the two entered their friends' house.

Aaron and Deb had known Kim and Brandon for years. The men had met in college, freshman year, and were instant friends. Deb and Kim had met through the two men, and the group had formed a close friendship. They were inseparable, and were central to each others lives. They graduated from college all in the same ceremony, served as best man and maid of honor at each others respective weddings, helped each other moved into their first apartment and first homes, and all were present at the birth of Kim and Brandon's daughter.

So the moment they opened the door and heard raised voices from inside, Aaron and Deb knew something was wrong.

"All I asked was for you to get out the flatware!" Kim said pointedly.

"What the fuck is flatware?" responded Brandon.

Kim sighed in exasperation. "Ware that is flat! Like, plates!"

"Why didn't you just say plates, then!"

The pair continued to argue about various synonyms for dishes. All the while, the keen of a young child's cry filled the air.

"Let's never have kids," Aaron said under his breath.

Deb smacked him, and stepped across the threshold and into the house. Immediately she went into action, embracing Kim and scooping her daughter out of her hands. Deb directed Aaron to take Brandon and head off into the den, leaving Kim free to finish dinner.

Aaron took Brandon by the arm and directed him down the hall to the den, the room the ladies derogatorily referred to as the man-cave. The two men had shared a lot of time in here, mostly playing video games and yelling at the television, all while having a great time. For now, Brandon just slumped down in his seat and hung his head.

Ever the conversationalist, Aaron made a vague, non-committal grunt, and the two men sat in silence for the next ten minutes.

Back in the kitchen, Deb bounced the baby while Kim finished dinner, turning off the vegetables on the stove top and removing lasagna and garlic bread from the oven.

"So..." Deb began. "How are things?"

Kim sat down the lasagna with quite a bit more force than was absolutely necessary, startling both Deb and the baby. Furiously removing the oven mitts, Kim screwed up her face and looked as though she were about to let loose with a long string of obscenity. Then, she stopped, and took a moment to compose herself.

"I love that man," Kim answered, "But sometimes he just is so hard to deal with."

Deb nodded.

Kim continued. "He is so clueless. He tries, but he's barely any help with the baby. It takes him about ten times as long to do anything around the house as it does me, so I have to do pretty much everything. On top of that, this is my last week off work, and I'm just nervous about going back, and don't want to leave the baby with my mom."

"It's a lot to deal with," Deb conceded.

"Yeah," Kim agreed. "I'm just overwhelmed, and Brandon isn't helping. Plus..."

"Plus what?"

"It's kind of embarrassing."

Kim put a hand on the other woman's arm. "You can tell me. If you want, I mean."

"It just feels like a stupid problem to have. But it's with me and Brandon. He... This is so dumb. He just will not stop bugging me about having sex. It's really become a point of contention. I think that's one reason why he's so stressed out."

"Yeah, Aaron gets kind of needy about it when we haven't done it in a while."

"It's weird, right?" Kim said. "I mean, it's only been two months."

"TWO MONTHS!?"

*********

"TWO MONTHS!? Jesus dude, I think my dick would shrivel up and die if I didn't use it for two months," confessed Aaron.

"Hah hah," Brandon replied mirthlessly. "And it's really been almost three. But who's counting?"

"That sucks," Aaron replied.

"Not really!" Brandon laughed.

Aaron slugged his friend. "It'll get better, I'm sure. She just had the baby, she's stressed out, you have to give her time."

"Yeah," Brandon said. "It's just changed from what I was used to. Me and Kim used to do it all the time!"

"It's slowed down a little for us, too. Usually only a couple nights a week," Aaron said.

"Couple times a week? Shit, at college it was sometimes a couple times a day! You remember that girl Stacy?"

"Oh yeah, Stacy? That first weekend after move-in? I fucked her twice in the same day!" Brandon said.

"Holy shit," Aaron said, sudden realization playing across his face.

"What?"

"If you're talking about Saturday after move-in... I had sex with Stacy that night," Aaron confessed.

"Sweet!" Brandon held out a hand in the universal move for a high-five. "We're eskimo brothers!"

Aaron, perhaps a little too enthusiastically, returned the high-five.

"Man, those days are over, huh..." Brandon mused.

Maybe not, Aaron thought.

*********

"He just can't leave it alone," Kim complained. "I don't know how men can be so needy! And he knows I don't feel like it."

Deb nodded, trying to sympathize, but she couldn't imagine herself going two months without it. After nearly a week on her period without doing anything, she felt on edge. Poor Brandon.

"I wish there was something you could do to help!" Kim pleaded.

Maybe there was, Deb thought.

*********

Deb helped Kim wash and put dishes away after dinner. The two made small talk for a little while as the guys played their video games. Kim seemed exhausted, and kept getting called away as her infant daughter made noises from the other room. Deb's concern for her friend grew.

The evening over, Deb and Aaron got into their car and started to head home.

"Aaron, those two are in trouble."

"No shit," replied Aaron.

"Be serious!" she said, smacking him on the arm.

"I AM serious! Brandon is really on edge."

"And Kim is really stressed out, and Brandon isn't helping. We really need to help them out," Deb said.

"What did you have in mind?"

"What if..." Deb paused, searching Aaron's face for a reaction, her own stomach doing flip-flops in anticipation of the question she was about to ask.

Aaron stared at her, his throat tight. He thought he knew what Deb was about to say.

Deb gathered herself, and asked, finally: "What if we let Brandon come over and... Have sex with me."

Aaron exhaled deeply. He sat for a few moments in silence.

Deb watched him carefully, worried that she had misunderstood how much interest Aaron had in sharing her with another man, if he felt betrayed that she would even suggest such a thing.

"Aaron, I know this is an unusual request. Think about it," Deb said. "But I think this can work out in your favor, too. We both know some of the things you've told me about."

Aaron opened his mouth, and finally found his voice, although he sounded a little unsure. "No... I... I do want to help Brandon and Kim. It's..." Aaron paused. "Frankly, it's exciting. I just didn't think you'd really want to!"

Deb smiled, and clutched Aaron's hand, relieved that he wasn't hurt by her suggestion. "I think I only considered it because they're our friends, and they really seem to need our help. And I think you trust Brandon."

"I do," Aaron agreed, nodding his head. "I was afraid to ask myself, but it's something I've thought about a lot. I'm in, if you are."

"If it will help our friends, I am. Should I ask Kim?"

"Do it."

Deb pulled out her phone and messaged Kim. She hoped Kim wouldn't reach through the phone and strangle her for suggesting she let her husband fuck another woman.

*********

At first, Kim was shocked by Deb's suggestion. All Deb heard back was a terse "WHAT" and then nothing for an hour.

Deb finally heard back from Kim. It was a message that read "Call me".

A frank conversation between Kim and Deb ensued as Aaron drove them back home. He heard most of the two women's words, and was surprised how seriously Kim was considering this. He guessed that she must be either very frustrated with Brandon, or very sorry for him. Maybe both.

Like scheduling a doctor's appointment, Kim and Deb agreed on a weekly schedule for Brandon to visit. Kim made Deb swear they would only meet on those days, at their house, for sex. This was not a relationship, and it was only temporary. She wanted to give Brandon an outlet, with someone she trusted, not give him carte blanche for adultery. Kim felt awful that she could not give Brandon what he needed, but hoped sometime soon she could. Kim also made Deb aware that whatever happened, Brandon was instructed to give Kim each and every detail.

Deb agreed to all those conditions. She did want to help her friends, and knew that there was a possibility of fulfilling her husband's wildest dreams.

With that, it was done. Every Tuesday, when Aaron was out for his weekly poker night, Brandon would come over and visit. They set up the first time for next week.

*********

"Alright, I'm heading out," announced Aaron as he put on his shoes and gathered up his wallet and phone.

Deb had been watching the clock, her nervousness growing as the time approached. She felt a little unsteady.

Aaron shared in Deb's uncertainty. He had fantasized about this happening, but here was the reality. He wondered if he even wanted to go through with it at all. Should he call it off?

Deb walked over to Aaron, and embraced him, a little harder than usual.

"You okay?" she asked.

Aaron pondered. Was he? He trusted his wife. He knew this was his house, and anyone here was only a guest. He trusted Brandon. He was honestly excited by what might happen.

But was he okay?

"Yes." Aaron stood, and embraced his wife fully, and a swell of feeling overcame him. "I love you, Deb."

The emotion in Aaron's voice caused Deb's heart to skip a beat. "I love you, too. Nothing will change that."

"I know," Aaron responded simply, confidently. He had made up his mind. Smiling, he released Deb, and looked her straight in the eye. "Have fun. I'm looking forward to coming home to you!"

"I can't wait."

Aaron turned around and left and didn't look back.

*********

Aaron could barely keep his attention on the cards in front of him. His mind kept wandering to what was going on at home. He was more than a little nervous. His wife with another man. Even if it was one of his best friends. Did that make it easier? 

It had been his idea, of course. Now that it was really happening, he wasn't sure how to feel.

Lost in thought, he jumped when his phone buzzed. He stood up from the poker table, nearly dropping the phone in his haste. Just a bill reminder email. He smiled ruefully, and tried to pull himself together. He told himself this would be worth it. He hoped his friend had fun with is wife. Then he realized how weird that was to consider in his head, and pushed out any other thoughts. He had a poker game to play, and he was on a winning streak.

*********

Deb was trying to make herself busy around the house as the time approached for Brandon to arrive, but she couldn't relax. She began to second-guess this whole scheme. What the hell was she thinking? Suggesting she would help her friend's marriage by having sex with her friend's husband? When she truly considered it, the whole notion seemed crazy. She began pacing around, wondering if this was really a good idea.

Deb had just about resolved calling the entire thing off when the doorbell rang. She almost turned around and ran away from the door, intending to hide in the kitchen until Brandon went away. But she stopped herself, stood up straight, and resolved to at least invite Brandon in, and try to explain that maybe they shouldn't go through with this.

When Deb opened the door, she saw Brandon standing there, shoulders bowed, head down. He looked worse than she felt.

"Hey Brandon," Deb ventured.

"H-hey Deb," Brandon answered, uncertain.

"Please, come in," Deb offered, gesturing with her arm to invite him inside.

Brandon entered, looking around. He'd been to Aaron and Deb's house before many times, but under much different circumstances. And Aaron was always here, too. He felt uncomfortable. Unsure.

Deb read Brandon's body language like a billboard. She felt a little bad for him. He seemed a little sad, like he'd lost his confidence. Deb thought that the least she could do was pay him a little attention, let him know he had a friend.

Deb took Brandon's coat and, hanging it in the front closet, bid him sit and take a load off. She walked in the direction of the kitchen.

"Care for a drink?" Deb asked.

Brandon nodded, his throat suddenly dry. He couldn't help but admire Deb's rounded backside as she walked away from him into the kitchen, her long legs meeting curvy hips. He wasn't sure what would happen tonight, but he couldn't deny that Deb was an attractive woman. Aaron was a lucky man.

Deb noticed Brandon watching her, and felt a little thrill. It was always nice to be noticed. She entered the kitchen and poured a couple drinks for the two of them, just soda. It was probably unwise to start with alcohol.

Brandon smiled as Deb returned to the room, feeling a little more at ease. He took a drink she offered him, and took a long sip.

"How're things?" Deb asked, taking a seat across from Brandon.

"Hmm? Oh, uh... Pretty good," Brandon replied.

Deb smiled. "You wouldn't be here if things were pretty good."

"Hah, you're right," Brandon laughed mirthlessly. "Things are still pretty rough between me and Kim. Kids... Really change the marriage dynamic. I'm not sure I can recommend having any."

Again, Deb smiled. "We're still not sure about that ourselves."

"Yeah. Definitely think about it."

"Things will get better," Deb reassured him.

"Sure... When?" Brandon asked, almost choked up. "Kim barely pays any attention to me. I'm constantly on edge, losing sleep, and me and Kim... Well, we aren't helping each other blow off any steam, that's for sure."

Deb nodded. She really felt for him, and Kim. She knew the two of them were having a tough time. But it looked like it was really crushing his confidence, and he was not very happy.

Deb stood, walked over to where Brandon was seated on the couch, and knelt down next to him. She took his hands in hers, and looked up at him.

"This is only temporary," she said.

"Yeah, but it sucks," Brandon admitted. "I feel like I've lost my wife and I don't know when I'll get her back."

Deb patted his hands, and sat up next to Brandon, and held him in a close embrace, trying to reassure him.

Brandon melted into her arms. It had been a long time since he'd felt an intimate touch like this, and savored the moment. He couldn't help but take in deep breaths, taking in the scent of her clothes, her skin, her hair. He felt his head nestled against her breasts as she wrapped her arms around him. His hands found their way around her waist, held against the tops of her hips. Enraptured in the moment, Brandon felt his blood began to race in his veins, and felt a tightness began to grow in his groin, pinned as it was against Deb's thigh.

Deb noticed the effect she was beginning to have on Brandon. She wasn't embarrassed. No, in fact, she realized this was exactly what Brandon was missing in his life, what Kim was unable to give him right now. Deb hoped that where she was moving next wouldn't make Brandon run out the door.

Deb gently released Brandon from her tight embrace, and began to slide down off the couch. She gently pushed his knees apart, and began to run her hands up the inside of his thighs.

"Please..." Brandon began.

Deb stopped, removing her hands from where they stopped, just below his groin, where a tent had grown over his erection.

"I'll stop if you want," Deb said, "But I meant what I said when I told Kim that I'd like to help take the pressure off her. Off both of you."

Brandon was overwhelmed with indecision. Yes, it was true that his wife had sent him over here to, in her words, "work off some energy" with the assistance of Deb. And Deb, for her part, certainly seemed willing to help. But was he making the wrong choice by letting Deb continue?

"Please... Don't stop." Brandon pleaded, hoping he could take his wife, and Deb, at their word.

Deb placed her hands right back where they were before, and ran them over Brandon's now very plain erection. She felt his manhood beneath her hands, and smiled when a soft moan escaped his lips.

She wasted no time finding the button of his pants, and pulling his zipper down. She leaned up to plant a few kisses on his fabric-covered crotch, before reaching under the waistband of his briefs and freeing Brandon's erection.

Brandon's cock, now free of his underwear, stood proudly before her.

Deb wrapped a hand around the base of his cock, and, sensing no more hesitation from Brandon, wrapped her lips around the head and began to gently suck. She always enjoyed using her mouth to pleasure her husband. She felt so powerful when having a man completely under her spell. She glanced up at Brandon, saw his head leaned back against the couch, his mouth slightly ajar. Deb was working her magic.

She continued to gently lick and suck the head of his penis, teasing its shaft with her fingertips. Deb had learned over many sessions that men could get overstimulated, and a light touch was often best. As a soft moan escaped Brandon's lips, she knew he was enjoying himself.

Deb felt Brandon tighten even more as she worked up and down his cock, skin taught over his engorged phallus. She began to work a bit quicker, but not harder, taking more and more of him into her mouth. Soon, she was trailing her lips softly, but firmly, nearly all the way down to the base of his cock, as she sucked him off.
