 Sorry about the delay in writing another story. I just haven't had the time.

*

My god she is beautiful. My wife Sharon has just got out of the shower and her long dark curly hair is cascading down her back. At 39 and three kids later she is still a stunner. A small mummy tummy is all that is can be seen, and that only by a trained eye.

This morning before we arrived for our friend June's 40th birthday I shouted her a facial, wax and massage at an exclusive beauty parlour here in the Blue Mountains. I won't pretend for one minute that we have a 'normal' marriage. We have anything but. We started off being normal but got tired of it very quickly and when we got stoned and had a 3some with a mate of mine 16 years ago we entered the world of multiple sex partners and haven't looked back since.

The arrival of the kids has slowed us down a bit, we can't really have an orgy with young teenage kids wandering about, so now we get together with a few select friends every couple of months. June is one of our friends. Unfortunately for June her husband took off about 10 years ago and she hasn't found anybody that could keep up with her bizarre life. Very good looking but emotionally draining. She certainly knows how to fuck and is rarely without a short term partner who will keep her entertained.

I'd already had a shower and as I was lying back nude on the bed I had a perfect view of her naked torso as she preened herself in front of the mirror. Her perfect arse was bent nicely over the vanity as she examined her eyes. My mind drifted back to previous experiences of us and our sexual activities. I recalled our first outdoor 4some with another couple, a 3some with another male in a spare room in a pub one night, a night of fucking german backpackers and our first visit to Sin Sity swingers club in Surry Hills. As a result, of course, I got wood.

I could hear the muffled sound of drunken youths in the beer garden downstairs and I went over to the window for a peak. Down below was what looked like a triumphant cricket team. The blokes were all in white and the girls were all on one table. Sharon and I often sit back and pick which people we would shag in a room and guess at how big or tight they would be. We'd never done it nude though. 

"Sharon, come here a sec." I called out.

"What is it?" She said as she came into the room in all her naked glory. I noticed that she had had her bush trimmed and waxed when she was at the parlour.

"It's a cricket team and female associates." I rubbed her arse as she looked out the window.

"Mmm." She said thinking. "That bloke with the long hair is alright, he'd have a big one." 

"That blonde in the pink top would have a tight pussy." I said. "The girl next to her in the singlet top would take it up the arse."

"You reckon?"

"For sure." I said as I rubbed her pussy lips from behind. She leant more forward and poked her tits out the window. If anybody looked up they'd cop a perve. Sharon's tits are just the right size, not humungous DDD and not too small either. Just perfectly proportioned.

I dipped my fingers into her pussy and felt her wetness. She groaned slightly as I slid three fingers in. "So you have one in your pussy," I said to her "now who do you want in your arse?" 

"That European looking bloke over near the BBQ. He'd be dirty." My cock was ready to split. Sharon reached back and grabbed my cock squeezing it hard. "But I'm afraid that you, my dear husband, are going to have to wait."

Highly sexed she may be but she also knows how to tease. 

"Not even a little blow job?" I begged.

"Not now." she said smiling. "I just brushed my teeth."

"How about I just slip my cock into your pussy for a few pumps.'

"Then I wouldn't be able to stop and we'd be late for the party."

"Bugger." I said laughing. "Looks like I'll have to stop thinking about shagging then."

"You know you can't do that." She said.

"I'll try, watch." I stood up and walked over to the bed and grabbed the remote. I hit the switch and the cricket came on the telly. I'm not a big cricket fan so I channel surfed for a while before I came to the realisation that there was nothing on TV. 

My todger had subsided a bit so I grabbed my clobber and got dressed. Sharon was still at the window having a look. 

"Look you pervert." I said to her as I slapped her on the arse. "Get dressed or we will be late."

"Can we go to a nudist camp one week?" She asked.

I was surprised by the question. "Why do you ask?"

"I like hanging around with people in the nude." She said. "It's relaxing."

"On our next trip up the coast," I said. "We'll go to one."

"Cool." She said moving away from the window. 

"I'm going down to the bar for a drink." I said. I knew she'd be another 15 or 20 minutes.

"What are you wearing tonight?" I asked as I opened the door.

She smiled back at me and said. "Not much. You never know who I'll meet. I might need to get undressed quickly"

"Of course." My dick gave another twinge and I slowly closed the door as I watched her bend over into the suitcase. Sharon loves to have sex with complete strangers in any location. Once she fucked a bloke in the storage room at a bowling club.

I went down to the bar and grabbed a schooner of Carlton Draught. In the public bar a band was setting up in the corner and the bar was filling up with some fairly rough types of customers. The TAB results were blasting out of a wall of TVs so I grabbed my beer and took it out to the beer garden to check out some of the talent at closer quarters.

The girls were indeed very cute and in their 20's as were most of the blokes. Typically I imagined the girls all naked and fucking the boys. I did notice a couple about my age over near the bar and the bloke gave me a quick nod and raised his glass as if to say cheers. He looked kind of familiar so I went over to say hello. 

"G'day." I said as I approached. 

"G'day." Said the bloke. "Its Marcus isn't it?"

"Yeah." I said. "Sorry you look familiar but your names escape me."

"I'm Doug and this is my partner Julie." She waved up at me and I looked at her tits. "We met at a barby at Steve's about, oh 5 years ago." 

"Oh yeah." I said lying. "Now I remember." All I could remember of that night was fucking Sharon in the back of the old Sandman panel van Steve was repairing. Steve at the time was June's partner but they split about 6 months ago.

"Are you here for June's 40th?" I asked as I pulled a chair over and sat next to Julie.

"Yep." He said but I wasn't really listening. I was checking out Julie. She was in her 40's but was very well preserved. She had great cheekbones and just the right amount of flesh on her bones. As women get older they sometimes look better with a bit, not too much, extra padding. Her blonde hair had received the help of some bleaching compounds.

"We should share a cab to the Golf Club." I said bringing my attention back to Doug.

"Good idea." He said. "We should leave... whoa is that your wife?" He was looking behind me at Sharon as she walked into the beer garden. A good number of the cricket lads were having a look as well. When she said she wasn't wearing much she was right. All she had on was a tight black halter neck dress with a plunging neckline, a black lace necklace was tied around her neck and her hair was tied up with a few loose curls framing her face. Her red lipstick teamed with the stilettos completed the hornbag perfection.

"Sure is." I said as I watched Julie giving Sharon a good look over and then smacking Doug in the arm. The look she gave Doug was not one of humour but more of a 'Don't you dare' look. There was something not quite right about the two of them. He looked very uptight and even had his Polo shirt tucked in. 

"Do I have time for a drink?" She asked as she got to the table. 

"Yeah sure." I said. 'This is Doug and Julie." Unlike me however she remembered them from 5 years ago. 

"Hi. I remember you two." She said as she got some money from her purse. "I'll be back in a jif."

I watched her go over to the bar and with the black dress clinging to her arse and no sight of any visible panty line, I knew she wasn't wearing any knickers. She went into the Public Bar where all the rough heads were and began to flirtingly flick her long dark hair about. Julie turned around and was watching as well.

"I'm going to get some ciggies." Julie said as she stood up out of the chair. 

"Aren't you giving up?" Doug asked.

"Not just yet." She said as she gave him that look again.

She was wearing a long batik skirt and a gold top with pearl buttons down the front. The neckline was deep enough so that I could see her black lace bra when she bent over to get her bag. She turned and walked into the Public Bar and went over to Sharon. She whispered into Sharon's ear and they both looked around the bar and had a laugh. Julie asked the barman for some change and turned towards Sharon so that they faced each other. Julie looked over towards Doug and seeing that his sight was blocked she put a finger under the halter neck of Sharon's top. 

Sharon is used to strange people touching her so she didn't even flinch when Julie slid her finger down until the back of her hand brushed against her left breast. They whispered and laughed some more and a big bloke with a blue singlet on came over to them. Julie checked Doug's line of sight again and put her hand on his chest. She was certainly a flirt.

Julie finally went over to the machine and bought her smokes and the two of them whispered and laughed a bit more as they came back to the table.

They both sat down like they'd known each other for years. We chatted for about fifteen minutes and I studied them closely. They weren't especially happy campers. We all finished our drinks and headed out to the Taxi rank. A taxi was waiting on the line and we all piled in. Doug sat in the front and the three of us piled in the back. Julie was in the middle and usually people try to keep some distance between each other, but not Julie. She spread her legs wide so that she was resting up against us. I also had a good look down her top. Nice tits if I say so myself. Nice Bra too. I love black bras. 

We pulled into the car park and I saw a room with the full disco experience happening. I saw that the room was full of young people and a 21st birthday party sign on the wall. For a moment I thought we were at the wrong place but I saw June standing outside another door waving madly at us so there must have been two parties on at once. 

We paid the cabbie, greeted June who showed us the back entrance to the members bar where the party was being held. The music got louder as I went up the stairs but it was all coming out of the 21st being held in the other bar. I had a look inside the bar and saw about 50 people all in their late teens - early 20's dancing and drinking and generally having a great time. 

We all walked in together and the party wasn't exactly pumping. Some music was going through a crap stereo and everyone was just standing around talking. I recognised some of the people from previous parties and I went and talked to a few I knew. Most of the rest of the night is fairly dull and the only real interesting things that happened was how Julie was watching both Sharon and I all night. At one stage I met Sharon on the dance floor and we both reckoned that she would be in for a bit of fun later, husband or not.

At about 10.30 I saw June, Sharon and Julie all talking over near the bar. Sharon looked over to me and put two fingers up near her mouth to indicate that she wanted to know if I wanted to go outside for a joint. I don't usually smoke in public because I hate the paranoia that I feel, but some fresh air would be great so I went downstairs with them. A group of people from the 21st were also outside and we moved away from them for some privacy. June sparked up the first joint and took a huge toke and held it in like a pro.

"I haven't smoked a J for about 15 years." Julie said.

"Look out it's a lot stronger now." I said. "I wont touch it."

"You're soft." Sharon said to me.

"I'm soft if I smoke too much weed." I said grabbing my crotch. "Smoker's droop."

Julie took a few huge drags on the joint and passed it along the line.

"Does Doug smoke?" I asked.

"Don't worry about him." She said as she fished her ciggies out of the bag. "He's the reason I smoke. He's being a real shit lately."

"How." Sharon asked.

"It's a long story." She said. "The simple version is that he had a fling with a girl at work and after nearly having a breakdown two years ago he has pretty much given up rooting all together."

"Fuck that for a joke." June said. "Either piss him off or get some sex elsewhere."

"Don't worry." She said as she lit her fag. "I've thought about it heaps."

"Never acted on it?" I asked.

"I'm not sure what I really want." She said. "I'm forty next year and soon enough no one will be interested at all."

"That's bullshit." June said.

"Sexiness has nothing to do with looks." Sharon said as she swallowed a waft of smoke. "It's all to do with attitude. If you act and feel sexy you will be sexy."

"I need a life sexiness coach." Julie laughed. 

We all had a laugh but stopped slowly when two of the sexiest young girls came walking up to us. They were here for the 21st but I don't think they were far over 18. One had jet black straight hair with a fine platt on the left side that dangle down over her eyes. They were both very petite but she had a bit more in the breast area. She was wearing a short dress that buttoned up the front and nicely framed her boobs. She looked similar to the singer from The Corrs. Her friend, well let me say that nearly all men have a schoolgirl fantasy and this blonde was certainly playing the part. She was wearing a short Tartan skirt with a white shirt open down to her tits and she had a black lace bra on. To complete the look she had long white socks and black school shoes on. She looked a bit like a very cute Avril Lavigne. Needless to say I couldn't help but perve.

"Hi." The blonde said. "We were wondering if we could have a smoke."

Julie reached into her bag "Yeah sure have one." She offered them a cig.

"Actually we could smell the weed and would like a toke."

"Ahh." Sharon said. "This one is nearly finished. I'll get you a new one." She dug into her bag and pulled out about five joints. She fanned them out and held them up to them. "Here, pick one."

The blonde reached up to get grab one but Sharon playfully pulled them away. "Tell me your names first." She said.

"I'm Amy." The blonde said. 

"I'm Kim." The black haired babe said.

"Now you can have your joint." Sharon said as she passed one over. "But you'll have to share it with Julie, she needs coaching."

"Coaching in what?" Amy asked.

"Sexiness." Julie said striking a pose. "I'm getting taught how to be a sexy mama."

"Cool." Kim said before lighting the joint."We could teach her how to dance." She said to Amy.

"Yeah cool." Amy said taking the joint from Kim. 

Julie, Kim and Amy finished the joint as we chatted about music and what not. Julie was getting a bit of a sway up and began dancing next to the two girls.

"Would you all like to come into our party for a while?" Kim asked. 

"Yeah why not." June said. "The men are all a bit younger."

"Cradle snatcher." I said.

Kim and Amy led the way and we all strolled into the party which looked more like a nightclub than a 21st. The room was full of young spunks all dancing and gyrating the night away.

"Yee haa." Rang out as a very stoned Julie grabbed Amy and Kim and ran onto the dance floor. The three of us had a laugh and went over to a table to watch. Julie was a petty crappy dancer and hadn't learnt any new moves since about 1989. Kim and Amy were trying to show her how to shake her hips and move about but it wasn't working too well although Julie was enjoying herself.

"Let's dance." Sharon said to June. She didn't ask me. She knows I can't dance for shit. I was enjoying the show anyway. I watched the two of them sashay over to the floor and get the grooves on. Not surprisingly the younger blokes in the room all had a perve at these two new women on the floor. They danced for about 15 minutes and I was really enjoying watching the interaction between all the drunk and stoned dancers. Four blokes had got up and were dancing near June and Sharon and soon the two of them had thrown their arms around the necks of some of them and were dancing up close. I'm sure that they were all sporting hard ons.

I went back to June's party and it was kicking along quite nicely. I grabbed another beer and chatted to a few faces that I recognised. I knew one bloke called Julian from about eight years before who I worked with when I was teaching at TAFE. He and I spent a week in Bega with Sharon and June fucking ourselves senseless. On that week the two girls went out and picked up two men each from a local pub and brought them back for a orgy. He was now married with two kids. His wife thinks that June was an old friend from school. We talked for about half an hour and I was surprised when Amy and Kim tapped me on the shoulder.

"Um sorry to interrupt but could you come with us?" Kim asked.

"What's wrong?" I asked as I stood up.

"It's your wife and her friend June." Amy said. 

"Let me guess" said Julian. "They're dancing naked."

"Worse... kind of." Said Kim smiling.

"Where are they?" I asked.

"Teeing off on the back nine." Amy said. Kim laughed.

"Ok." I said to them. I saw Doug over near the bar. He was looking fairly pissed. 

"Could you two do me a favour?" I asked.

"Maybe." Kim said.

"Just go over and flirt with that bloke in the polo shirt at the bar."

"Is that all?" Amy said puzzled.

"Yep." I said "Just keep him occupied.

Sharon was kneeling on the grass, her dress pulled down over her boobs, sucking on some young blokes cock as she frigged herself with her left hand. June was on her back, on the picnic table, with her legs wrapped around the torso of some young man as he pumped his cock into her pussy. Three other lads were standing around, with their backs to me, waiting their turns. The bloke being blown by Sharon pulled his cock out of her mouth and with a few well aimed pumps he shot a fair sized load into Sharon's open mouth. Sharon let it fall out of her mouth and it dribbled down her chin and down onto her boobs. At that moment, just as it was getting exciting two things happened which dampened the whole event.

Firstly Sharon looked up to me and gave me a small wave that made the three blokes waiting turn around to see who she was waving at. That made them nervous as they probably thought I was some kind of jealous husband who was going to go nuts and, right at that moment, a police car with its lights flashing turned into the entrance of the golf club and sped up the drive. The three blokes took off back into the club house and the fellow shagging June pulled his cock out, tucked it back into his jeans and took off taking the lad who had just shot his load over Sharon with him. The two girls, noticing the flashing lights, quickly adjusted their clothes and walked over to me.

"What the fuck's going on." Sharon asked me.

"Fucked if I know." I said. "Bad luck there with the police showing up. Let's go have a look." 

"And where the fuck did you get too?" Sharon asked as she punched me in the arm.

"I was talking to Julian." I said "Remember him girls."

"Is he here?" June asked. 

"Yes June but so is his wife."

"Bugger."

"So what now?" I asked. "What do you two have planned?

"I'm going to take some home with me." she said. "It is my birthday after all."

"Fair enough." Sharon said. "How many?"

"Three I think." She smiled. "That should be enough."
