 The First One

The first orgy I went to was very different from the second one. At the second one there was drinking, but that was all. At my first, there was pot, cocaine, pills, booze, and lord knows what else I never saw. At the second one, I was already an experienced lover with a variety of experiences by the time I was 32. At my first one, I was 18.

I wasn't a virgin, having lost that 'cherry' to a girl who taught me how to lick pussy before she'd let me fuck her. (I sometimes feel every woman I've been with since sort of owed her a thank you card for getting my priorities straight.) However, I had only been with two other girls since then. I was horny as the day was long, masturbating a couple times a day, trying to get into every girl's pants I could and even jacking off with a buddy a time or two. But that Saturday was unique.

I wasn't invited to this orgy. In fact, no one expected me to be there at all. I wasn't supposed to stay the weekend at my dad's until the next week so I'm sure he felt he was safe having a weekend orgy..

Yes, this orgy was at my dad's house. My dad was a swinger, married to a sexy little redheaded wife who loved sex and drugs as much as he did. I'm fortunate to have inherited the love of sex but not drugs. That's an addiction I don't need. For the most part, they were able to keep things under control but I often wondered what happened while I wasn't there.

It's not like they were 'normal' parents at any time. They took me to my first nude beach. It was commonplace for my stepmother to be naked around the house. I fell asleep to the steady thump thump of their lovemaking on more than one occasion. But it was purely a hands off, visual experience, excepting my own hand on my own cock every night. Until that day.

I drove up and realized there was a party going on. My first thought was to turn around and go home. I knew there would be a lot of pot and drugs and I just didn't want to deal with that. But I desperately had to pee. I figured I would go in, mingle if I had to, say sorry to Dad for coming early, pee, and then go home. No problem. The problem was the naked people.

No one noticed me opening the door so I slipped in quickly and went right to the hall bathroom. After relieving a very full bladder, I stepped out, intending to find my dad. I stopped dead still as I poked my head into the living room and saw a woman I didn't know sucking the cock of a man I'd never met. Behind them bodies were moving together in all sorts of arrangements. Cocks in pussies, women licking women, men sucking men, ass fucking, there was no limit to the combinations I saw as I quickly scanned the room. I had no idea what to do. 

Out on the patio, I could see my dad talking to someone as an Asian woman was sucking his cock like she had all the time in the world. I knew there was no way I could tell him I was there so I figured I had better just go home. But my feet wouldn't move. I was face to face with an honest to god orgy. My mind was, in a word, blown. I couldn't look away. Fortunately, no one was paying any attention to me as I peered quietly around the wall. It wasn't until I heard the giggling behind me that I realized I wasn't alone.

I turned around and there was my pretty little stepmother, naked and obviously stoned out of her mind. She was holding hands with a friend of the family, Barbara. She was also naked, high and staring directly at my crotch. The two women giggled at each other and my stepmother whispered, "You aren't supposed to be here honey! Your dad said you were coming next week!" This struck them both as hilarious and they held on to each other as they laughed.

Barbara looked at me and tried to become serious. "You're a bad boy. Being here! What are you being here?!"

I didn't know what to say to her mixed up question, which didn't matter as they were both laughing again. They each grabbed one of my hands and pulled me back to the bedroom I used when I was there. 

"Okay, so you can't be here. You're not even here, okay? You have to go back and then go home before coming here, okay?" My stepmother wasn't making much sense but I wasn't really listening because Barbara was slowly rubbing my cock through my jeans.

"Jesus fucking Christ Babs what the fuck?!" my stepmother whispered. 

"I'm fucking horny! And look so is he! So shush and let me send him home happy!" Barbara said as she knelt down, unbuttoned my jeans and took out my very hard cock. She gave it a squeeze, which is, I think, what kept me from cumming immediately. "See! Lookit!" she proudly whispered, like she'd found the answer to a question. Then I felt the heat of her mouth as she wrapped her lips around my hard shaft. 

"Shit Babs!! You can't do that!! Holy shit holy shit oh fuck!" my stepmother complained but she didn't move, watching the whole time as Barbara expertly sucked me, squeezing my cock again and again to keep me from shooting. 

I didn't dare move. I just let what was happening unfold around me like I was in a movie, almost watching above myself as it happened. I saw my stepmother sit down on my bed and start to play with her pussy as she kept telling Barbara to stop. Barbara just kept playing with my cock, toying with it, bringing me closer and closer to the edge until finally I couldn't take it. It seemed like forever but it couldn't have taken more than a couple minutes before I was shooting my load in Barbara's mouth. 

She sucked and licked until I was clean and then quietly tucked my cock back in my pants. She zipped me up and then patted my bulge with a satisfied, pleased look on her face. Looking up at me she said, "Now go home. Don't tell nobody. Go on. Shoo!!"

Stunned, I wobbled out of the room, looking back only long enough to see Barbara crawl between my stepmother's legs before I stumbled towards the door. As far as I know, no one saw me leave and in two minutes I was a block away, trying to convince myself that it happened and that it didn't happen at the same time.

When I got home, my mom asked why I was back and I just said that Dad had a thing and I was going to go the next weekend instead. 

As stoned as my stepmother and Barbara were, I was never sure how much they remembered that day and now both are no longer with us to ask. I will say that my stepmother and I seemed to get along a lot better after that and Barbara always seemed to hug me a little longer than before. I wish now that I'd had the guts to find out what they remembered from that day. I know I will never forget it.