 "Olivia, wait!" 

Olivia turned to see Tanya waving her over to the storage room. It was Monday morning and Olivia had just walked in to work to start the day. She hadn't signed in yet, when she was summoned by her friend. Olivia checked the clock and signed in the book. It was 7:50 am. She had 10 minutes to see what Tanya wanted so badly, so early in the morning. They both started work at 8:00, and Tanya must have arrived very early to be so settled in already. Olivia and Tanya were friends and co-workers since Tanya joined the company 10 years ago 

Olivia put her things down at her desk, then walked back to the outer office. She looked across and saw that Tanya was still in the storage room. Olivia strolled across the office and stopped at the cubicle where the coffee machine was. She quickly fixed herself a cup of java. 

"I need this to help me through whatever's on her mind. Must be some kind of man drama." Olivia thought to herself. 

She stepped into the storage room and saw Tanya removing supplies needed for the day's work. 

"What's up Dog?" Olivia said. 

Tanya stepped back from the locker and looked towards the door to see if anyone was nearby. It was clear. 

"Girl, I got to talk to you. It's about a dream I had last night, and you were in it!" Tanya replied. 

Olivia just stared at her with a blank face. 

"What kind of shit is she up to now?" She thought. 

Olivia knew that Tanya was a big freak. They had shared some of their adventures in the past. However, in the last 6 months, Tanya has been out of control. Right now she was dealing with three men, and every weekend she came back with tales of another great fuck fest. 

"Why is she dragging me into this?" Olivia needed to know. Her curiosity was getting the best of her. 

"All right, lay it on me." Olivia said. 

Tanya started immediately. She told Olivia that she dreamt the two of them were involved in a threesome. She said the guy in the dream was faceless, but Olivia was definitely there in the thick of it. 

"Wow, I don't know what to say." Olivia said. 

"I don't know either." Tanya replied. 

"Although recently, I've been thinking about the possibilities. It must be the movies I've been watching." She said. 

William, their boss, was supplying Tanya with hard core porn from his collection. Tanya loved it. Olivia thought about the movies. 

"Just wait till I see William, it's all his fault. Nothing but trouble." She said to herself. 

"I need to ask you something." Tanya said. 

"Go on. " Olivia replied. 

"We've been friends for a long while. I've heard the rumors. Are you fucking the Boss?" Tanya asked. 

"No way." Olivia replied with her best poker face. "Look, we had a little something a long time ago, before we both were married. It was short and sweet. Now we're just good friends." 

"Ok." Tanya replied. "I asked because, well, William is real cute. I can tell he's a freak, movies not withstanding, and I'm thinking of fucking him. I just wanted to make sure I wasn't about to mess with my friend's man. Just think, if William is as good as I think he is, that threesome will be a reality very soon. I can already think of a girl who would be down with it, or if not, another guy." 

"Tanya, you're out of control." Olivia said. She had to be cool and think what she would do. 

"Look Dog, I got to get to work. It's after eight." She said. 

"Ok Sis. Oh, if you didn't know, the Boss is already in. I think he came in at 7:00." Tanya said with a mischievous grin. Olivia nodded and headed for her desk. She had a very important call to make.

William was in the mirror fixing his tie when the phone rang. He looked at the caller I.D., then picked up the phone. 

"Hi baby." He said in a sexy voice. 

"Morning Trouble. We need to talk." Olivia replied. 

"Ok. I was about to go out and get breakfast. Can we talk over some eggs or it this super important?" 

"We'll talk over breakfast. Would you be so kind as to get me my usual?" She said. 

"Certainly baby. Be back in a few." He said. Olivia hung up the telephone and sat back in her chair. This is going to be complicated, she thought as she logged on to her computer.

About a half an hour later, William called and informed Olivia he was back. Olivia knocked, and entered the outer office where William's second in command, the Witch worked. Olivia sashayed passed her, as the Witch rolled her eyes.

"Bitch!" Olivia thought as she closed the door to William's new private office very smartly. 

"You need to do something about her. Don't you have a bucket of water I could throw so she could melt away?" Olivia said as she sat down, crossing her legs to give him a better view. 

"Try clicking your heels three times." William said with a chuckle.

"Very funny, Trouble." She said.

Several minutes later, they were chowing down on eggs, grits , and bacon. William was anxious, and broke the ice. 

"So, what's going on for you to be so serious this morning?" 

Olivia filled him in on what Tanya said earlier. 

"So, Tanya has the hots for me, and wants me in her fantasy threesome." He surmised. 

'Well, there are several ways of looking at this." He said. 

"I'm all ears." She replied. 

William started to explain his theories. He felt that Tanya might be using the dream story to snoop weather him and Olivia were messing around. William then suggested that if the dream was true, Tanya was looking to get down with both of them, she just didn't want to come out and say it directly. Or, either way she wanted to have William. It all posed serious problem for William. To defer attention from the idea that he and Olivia were lovers, William often joked with the girls about how he was a player. When an attractive woman came into the office, William would make it obvious to the girls that he was checking her out. He thought this would keep them off guard. Now, if Tanya approached him, what would he do? If he said no, he would look like a chump. He couldn't use the excuse that he's involved with someone she knows, that would blow the affair wide open. He couldn't say yes either. Although Tanya was tempting with her thick curvaceous body, he loved his Olivia, and fucking her friend on the side was not in his vocabulary. I guess I would have to take the chump route baby." He said. Olivia reluctantly agreed. They finished eating and she went back to her desk.

Olivia thought for awhile. William and her had discussed a threesome some time ago. He had told her that it was a fantasy that he never fulfilled yet. They agree to do it with her friend Gabrielle. However, Gabrielle moved and lost contact with Olivia. The topic didn't come up much afterwards, and she knew that was something important for him to do. William told her he would not be interested unless she was involved. 

"It's something I only what to share with you. Something else to put in the memory banks." William said. 

She thought about it a little longer, then she had an idea. She called Tanya. 

"Let's do lunch." She said. "Sounds good to me." Tanya replied.

They went to a local piazza shop and had a couple of slices. Olivia got right down to business. 

"Tanya, I've been thinking about what you said this morning. How are you going to be able to fit William into to your schedule? You're dealing with three guys already. How are you going to juggle four men?" 

"Look Sis, my plate is full. I don't want a relationship with William, I just want to see what he's got. You know how horny I get. I just want to fuck him, and if he's down, help out my fantasy." 

"I hear that Dog." Olivia said. She was somewhat relieved. 

"Tanya, you're right. William is looking good these days. It's been a long, long time since we were together. I wonder if he's gotten better. Hmmm. I have an idea." 

"What is it Sis." Tanya replied. 

"Why don't we both fuck William." Tanya gave her a perplexed look. 

"Think about it Dog. We both want to fuck him, you want a threesome, and we get to see if he's worth all that shit he talks everyday. It'll be a one shot deal. We'll blow his mind apart!" Olivia said. 

Tanya thought about it for a few seconds and said, 

"You know what. That's a great idea. Do you think William will go for it?" 

Olivia gave Tanya a twisted look. 

"He's a man, Tanya. Think about it. Would he pass up an opportunity to get with us?" She said, running her hands down her body. 

"Not William!" They both said in unison. 

They raised their glasses and toasted. Olivia said: "To double-teaming an unsuspecting brother. He'll never be the same again!" 

"Cheers!" 

On her way home that evening, Olivia gave William a call. 

"Can you talk sweetie?" She asked. 

"Sure". He said. 

"I've been thinking baby, it's been awhile since we did an over night. Do you think you could swing it Friday?" 

William was quiet for a couple of seconds. 

"Yeah, I can do it. The misses is flying out of town Friday to visit her best friend who's sick. She won't be back until Monday morning." 

"That's great! I'll make all the arrangements. There is a nice hotel across the river, near the airport. Not too far and off the main drag. I'll give you all the details later in the week. Just bring the booze and the Hook." She said excitedly. 

Friday came quickly, and everything went off as planned. William's wife caught her 7:55 am flight, and he made it into work by 9. The day went by quickly, and at 3:30, Olivia called. 

"Hey Trouble, all ready for tonight?" 

"You bet, baby!" William said. 

They were to meet at the Hilton, which was located not to far from the airport, a 30 minute drive from the office. Olivia got off work at 4:00, and would head strait there. William wasn't scheduled to leave until 5:30. He would drive to the hotel and call her from the lobby to get the room number. He couldn't wait. It had been a long time since they were able to actually spend a whole night together. 5:30 came, and William was out the door. He hurried to his car and sped off for his rendezvous. 

Tanya and Olivia had arrived at the hotel about 4:30. They checked in and went up to the room. Olivia had picked out a nice one. It was large, with a king sized bed, and a large Jacuzzi tub. After settling in, they decided to go to the bar and have drinks. Three rounds later, Tanya noticed the time. 

"Sis, it's 5:45. We need to get back to the room and get ready". She said. 

"You are so right Dog. Let's get to getting!" Olivia replied. 

Back at the room, they took quick showers and put on their outfits. It was Olivia's idea to "dress" for this assault on William. She knew he liked to be teased that way. 

Olivia wore a tight beige, low cut top that accented her tits. She put on a brown, micro-mini "band-aid' skirt that barely covered her tight round ass. The skirt was breathtaking, because of her long legs. Finally, she finished it off with four inch, spiked "hooker" sandals. And if that didn't put William over, she sprayed herself with his favorite perfume. Tanya decided to wear a black halter top cat suit, that had the back out all the way down to her ass. Tanya was physically opposite of Olivia. She was shorter, about 5'-4", curvy, and thick. She had big tits, small waist, large hips/thighs, and a big ass. She was the text book definition of a "brick house". Tanya also sported high "hooker" shoes, giving her ass that added projection. They were both checking themselves in the mirror, when Olivia's cell phone rang. 

"It's William." She said. 

"Hi Trouble." She said, picking up the phone. 

"I'm parking the car. What room are you in?" She could hear the excitement in his voice. 

"I'm in room 611. Hurry up sweetie." She replied and then hung up the phone. She turned to Tanya and said,

"He's on his way up Dog!"

William made his way to room 611. He was a little pissed that the traffic was so heavy. It was 6:40. He gave himself a once over and then knocked on the door. 

"Who is it?" A soft voice said. 

"It's Big Daddy." He replied, trying to keep a straight face. The door opened and he stepped in. 

"Hello Mr. Boss Man. What instructions do you have for you secretary?" William turned and took a first look at his lover. She was absolutely breathtaking in that outfit. Then he got a whiff of her scent mixed with the perfume. His dick sprang to attention. 

"Wow!" Was all he could say. 

Olivia smiled. She stepped to him, put her arms around his neck and kissed him. She could feel his hard dick against her crouch. That made her wet. 

"Go put your bags down. I have a surprise for you." She said. 

"Sounds good." He said. 

William put his briefcase on the floor, and put the bottle of Grey Goose and Jack Daniels on the counter. 

"Turn around and close your eyes baby." Olivia said. William complied. 

"Don't peek now." She scolded. 

"I won't baby." He said. 

William listened intently. He heard the bathroom door open, and Olivia shuffling around. He was wondering what kind of gift she got for him. 

"Trouble, you have to kiss me first, before you get your present." Olivia said. 

"Ok, I'm ready." William answered, sticking out his lips. 

Suddenly, he felt lips on his. He started kissing, but something was different. These were not Olivia's lips. He knew how his baby kissed. 

"Ok, what's going on here!" He said, still with his eyes closed. 

"You can open up now!" Olivia said. 

William opened his eyes, and was face to face with Tanya and her outfit. He was speechless. Tanya struck a pose, showing off her big ass and tits. William thought he must be dreaming. He looked at Olivia and she gave him a sexy grin and nodded her head in approval. His fantasy was about to come true. 

"Well Big Daddy, don't just stand there, fix all of us a drink. You're going to need it. We are going to see if you can live up to your name." Tanya told him. 

William was in his glory. He was going to get the max out of this situation if it killed him. 

"We'll see who will be able to handle this!" He said, pointing to the bulge in his pants.

Tanya reached in and grabbed William's cock. It was so hard and so hot! 

"Ain't nothing at all baby." She said. 

William reached over and grabbed her ass, pulling their bodies together. She felt so good pressed against him. 

"Patience Boss Man, we're all thirsty here." Olivia said. 

William backed up, not wanting to disrupt the script the girls might have. Besides, he could use a drink. William fixed their drinks. Vodka and cranberry for the girls, and Jack Daniels for himself.

William and Tanya sat on the edge of the bed and Olivia stood with her back against the wall. As they were finishing their drinks, William noticed that Olivia was rubbing her inner thigh with her hand. She caught him watching, and slowly moved her hand up, raising what little there was of her skirt. She kept going until she reached her pussy. She inserted her middle finger for a few seconds, then withdrew it. William could see her finger covered with her juices. She seductively put her finger in her mouth, licking her own wetness off. She then put her hand back to her mound and began massaging her pussy intensely. Olivia spread her long legs, cocked her head back, and closed her eyes as she enjoyed her own stimulation. William was glued to the show. 

"You are severely overdressed William. Why don't you get out of those clothes." Tanya whispered. 

William didn't need to be told twice. Without taking an eye off Olivia, he removed his tie, shirt and under shirt. Then he took off his shoes, socks and pants, throwing them to the floor. He stood up and dropped his shorts, leaving him completely naked. His cock, hard as a rock, came fully to life as it twitched and dripped with pre-cum. 

Tanya smiled. She figured his dick was big, but finally seeing it was exciting. Tanya wasted no time. She grabbed his dick and brought it to her lips. She started sucking on the head, twirling her tongue on the tip. William moaned, as Tanya worked his cock with her tongue. She pushed him back onto the bed and continued her assault on his dick. She was now deep throating his nine inches. William laid back and closed his eyes, while he shook from the electric shocks in his dick. William felt the bed rock. When he opened his eyes, Olivia had removed her clothes and was now straddling his face. Before he could say a word, Olivia put her wet, steaming pussy to his mouth. William immediately started to suck her juices, then he probed her tunnel with his tongue. Olivia leaned back, moaning with pleasure. She cupped her breasts, rubbing her pointy nipples. She pushed herself down onto William's face, in an attempt to force his tongue deeper inside her pussy.

William was wild with pleasure. Having Tanya sucking his dick and Olivia on his face was driving him crazy. His cock was rock hard from Tanya's mouth. His whole face was wet from Olivia's pussy juice. Suddenly Tanya stopped and started to take off her outfit. Olivia saw the opportunity and slid down William's body. She then slowly lowered herself on his cock. 

"Oh shit!" He said, as her fiery pussy engulfed his manhood. 

William thrust upwards, impaling Olivia on his cock. 

"Aaaaugh!" Olivia screamed, feeling the head of his dick buried into her womb.

William began to pump in and out of her pussy. He could feel every crevice of her insides as he pile-drived her with no mercy. Olivia grunted as she pushed down on his dick. She began to grind him, stretching her insides to the limit. 

Tanya, now naked, knelt down at the edge of the bed. She started to lick William's balls as Olivia fucked his dick. Tanya was turned on by the smell of their sex. As she licked his balls, she would inadvertently end up licking Olivia. William's dick was so into Olivia, that the only thing not sucked into her was his balls. They appeared to spread Olivia's pussy lips open. It looked as if her pussy was trying to swallow them whole. Tanya could see Olivia's clit sticking out like a pinky finger on his balls. Tanya had never went down on another woman before, but now in the heat of passion, she was licking Olivia's swollen clit, and it tasted so good. 

Between being ravaged by William's hooked dick and her clit attacked by Tanya's tongue, Olivia reached an earth shattering orgasm. 

"Ohhh, ooooh!" she screamed at the top of her lungs. 

William was amazed because Olivia was not a screamer. It must be that good to her. He felt her pussy contracting violently, then a hot sensation over his dick. Tanya heard Olivia's screams. She felt Olivia's clit vibrate then a gush of cum flooded her face. Olivia's contractions were so strong, that she dislodged from William's dick. Her pussy continued to stream cum onto Tanya. Tanya was speechless. She'd never seen anything like that before, however it excited her more. Olivia rolled off of William and lay speechless on the bed. 

William was in serious fuck mode. He got up and grabbed Tanya, pushing her face down on the bed. William licked his lips at the site of Tanya's big round ass. He spread her cheeks, causing her pussy to open. He took the head of his cock and rubbed it between Tanya's pussy lips. 

"Give it to me!" Tanya cried out. 

William wasted no time. He plunged his cock deep into Tanya's pussy. 

"Oh damn! Fuck me William!" She cried. 

William pounded that big ass with long hard strokes that caused Tanya's ass cheeks to ripple. As Olivia came out of her orgasmic stupor, all she heard was the loud smacking sound of William and Tanya's fucking. Olivia turned her head to see Tanya in so much pleasure from William's large dick, that she was clutching the bed sheets so tight, she thought they would rip. William was zoned out, and moaned softly as he pounded Tanya's pussy.

Tanya felt as if she was being ripped apart. William's hooked cock was hitting all the right places. She felt her groin exploding as she began to cum. 
