 Hi there :) The other night, I woke up soaked in sweat and a squirt puddle from an intense dream I had. My Dom had me type it out and send it to him. He was so impressed that he had me submit it here. When I originally typed it out, it was in first person telling him (Adrian) about being fucked by Sean. If there are any typos or continuity errors, I apologize for missing them when I revised this. To answer any questions people might have, yes, both men I describe are actually in porn, and yes, those are accurate descriptions of them. I'm a lucky woman ;) They haven't DP-ed me yet, but we're planning it soon. Hope you enjoy this! 

__________________________________

Sean had been making me his whore all night, which wasn't hard for him. At 6'3" and 200lbs of lean, hard, wiry muscle, he could go all night. His 8 ½" cock was so thick around that I couldn't deep throat it, but he made me anyway, holding the back of my head tightly and ignoring the tears running down my face. If my hands hadn't been tied behind my back, I would have pushed him away, but, as it was, all I could do was take it. Picking me up my throat, he led me to my couch. As he bent me over the arm by the back of my neck, he slapped my ass, hard.

"That's a lovely shade of red," he muttered before slapping me again, this time on the opposite cheek. He repeated the process until I was yelping at each blow, then he started fucking with me, pausing between each slap and feinting, making me flinch. I snapped at him, telling him to stop fucking with me and just hit me already if he was going to. He did, slapping me harder than he had been before, this time not pausing between each blow, and making me scream and yelp and try to twist away. When he stopped, I was shaking and hoping that he was done spanking me and ready to fuck me. Telling me to stay there, he walked into the bedroom and came back out with the gag in one hand, and my crop in the other.

"Since you can't be quiet and take what you asked for, you're not speaking for the rest of the night." I told him to fuck off, and that he wouldn't be able to stay quiet if I wailed on him the way he had wailed on me. His only response was to loop the gag around my face and cinch it roughly. I couldn't glare at him since he was behind me, but I would have if I could. He spread my legs with his, and nestled his cock against my ass. I arched my hips to rub against it, and he pulled back and snapped the crop against my ass. The gag muffled my yelp, and I bit into it when he hit me again, this time on my lower back. The next blow was harder, and across that sweet spot where my ass and thigh meet. He painted my lower back and ass with crop marks, and there were tears in my eyes by the time he stopped.

He started rubbing his cock along my lips, and I stayed still this time, not rubbing against him like I wanted to. When he grabbed my ass roughly, digging his fingertips into the tender flesh, I whimpered and squirmed away. His ankles pushed mine further apart, and I hoped that he would fuck me now, that he would slide deep inside me and make me cum all over his cock and make the burning in my ass go away. I was half right. His fingers spread me open, and I felt so exposed for a split second before I felt the head of his cock slide into me, making me moan. This time I couldn't help but move my hips and press back onto him. He felt so fucking good as he sank further and further into me, filling and stretching my cunt. Even his hand resting on my hip felt good as it held me down while he sank into me. I changed the angle of my hips so I could grind my clit into the arm of the couch beneath me, and whined when he pulled out of me.

"You're not in control, bitch," was all the warning I had before I felt the crop assailing my ass again. Fuck, it hurt. My ass felt like it was on fire as it was, and he was stoking the flames. When he hit the same spot three times in a row, I screamed and let the tears in my eyes fall down my face. It burned and stung and ached, there would definitely be bruises later. When he stopped, I thought he was finished and would fuck me again. Fucking please just fuck me again. Stop beating me and fill me and pound me and make me scream in pleasure instead of pain. If I could speak, I'd be begging for his cock, begging for him to fill me and make me his whore. 

A finger slid between my lips and teased me, sliding in and out oh-so-slowly, caressing me, making me clench and shiver as my body begged for more. One finger turned into two, and I moaned in pleasure and frustration. It still wasn't enough. I wanted more. When I felt his tongue licking at me, my moan turned into a whimper. God, I hated that. It made me feel so vulnerable, but so fucking good. It was soft and warm and I could feel his breath caressing my pussy. The soft touch of his tongue disappeared, and I felt his teeth sink into my flesh right next to my cunt. He only bit harder when I whined, and it hurt so good as he finger fucked me faster and harder, circling my clit with his thumb. He wouldn't touch it though, just circle around it, teasing me, making me beg silently for that one little touch that would send me from being a ball of tension into mind-blowing bliss. It never came, and neither did I. He wouldn't let me. Not then from finger fucking, and not later when he was pounding into me. 

Tears were running down my face as I writhed on his cock. My teeth clenched around the gag as he made me moan and squirm and cry. Every time I came close to cumming, he would stop fucking me and pinch a welt left by the crop or spank me again until the pain outweighed the pleasure. Over and over again, he built me up just to throw me back down and make me suffer as he danced around my orgasm. He used my arms tied behind my back as a lever to slam into me even harder, and I was so lost in the pleasure that I hardly noticed his fingertips twisting cruelly into my tender ass. He said something that didn't register, oh God his cock felt so good, so deep inside me, I felt so full, how could I not cum? Two fingers sliding into my ass is how. The pain made me cry out and jerk away from him, but he simply pulled me back by my arms and made me take it.

"Did you really think your ass wasn't getting claimed tonight, you stupid little cunt?" He kept fucking me, sliding easily in and out of my sopping pussy. It was just enough to balance the pain of his fingers in my ass. I heard him spit just before feeling the cold saliva drip down his fingers around my ass. He began pumping them in and out of me in time with his cock filling my pussy, and the pain lessened as I relaxed around him and focused on the pleasure radiating from deep inside me. He spat again, and I felt so degraded as he used that instead of lube to keep fucking my ass with his fingers. The pain was gone, but not the embarrassment I felt as he fucked both of my holes. How could this feel so good? It shouldn't feel so good to be treated this way, to be violated and degraded and shown that all I am is a little slut. But it felt so good... How could I not want this? His fingers sank deeper into my ass, and he began snapping his hips to slam into me again. I hooked my calves around his legs to take everything he was giving me, and felt the pulsing deep inside me that began building me up again, getting close to orgasm, that sweet release, that electric bliss, that mind-numbing explosion. Oh, Christ it was right there, just don't stop, PLEASE don't stop! Please don't cum! But he did, grunting and seating himself deep inside me to fill me to the brim. The added heat deep within me almost pushed me over the brink. Almost.

He slid his fingers out of my ass as he pulled out of me, and I whimpered as I let myself collapse onto the bed. He rolled me over onto my back, and told me to stay there. Like I was going anywhere, honestly. He reached around the edge of the bed, and when I saw the nipple clamps I whimpered in delight. They felt so good; maybe they would push me over the edge. Oh fucking Christ I need to cum. But no, all he did was place them on the bed next to me and told me that he was going to shower to give me time to cool off. Are you fucking serious? That bastard! He really wouldn't give me an inch! He rolled his eyes at my furious expression, and then scowled when it didn't go away.

"Don't you fucking look at me like that, whore," he growled. He didn't stop at telling me, smart man, and slapped me across the face hard enough to make my ears ring. There must be a direct line from my face to my pussy, because I felt it gush and I started shaking as I almost came.

By the time he was out of the shower, I had backed off from the edge of an orgasm but was still wound beyond belief. I needed to cum. My knees were twitching, and it was all I could do to not squirm. He had put his clothes back on, and I got worried. Would he really leave me like this? Any orgasm I could give myself would be nothing compared to cumming with him inside me. Please don't leave me like this. When he reached down to pick up the nipple clamps, I was confused. He was obviously done playing, what was he doing? I moaned softly when he fastened them around me, and wished that he would give them a nice, hard twist, one that would make me go limp and writhe at the same time. He saw my face and smirked.

"What? You thought we were done? No. We're just going to see Adrian now. I'm going to drive you there, and you're not going to let any of my cum drip out of your pussy." Adrian. The name alone made my stomach and pussy clench. Adiran fucked me better than anyone else ever had, and probably ever would. He was my Dom, and being with him was bliss.

Sean tugged on the nipple clamps with one hand, and pulled me up by my shoulder with the other. He draped my long black wool coat over my shoulders, but didn't zip it up, leaving a gap for him to lead my by the clamps. When we got to the parking lot, I stopped. I didn't have any shoes on and didn't want to walk across it at night. I moaned behind the gag to get his attention, and when he saw that I didn't want to walk across, he picked me up to carry me to the car, letting the coat fall open. I whimpered and tried to curl into him. I didn't want my neighbors to see me naked. He wouldn't let me hide very much though, and I got cold fast without any cover.

When he put me in the car, he didn't put the coat back around my shoulders before he buckled me in. So this is how it was going to be, hm? A naked car ride? At least it was a short drive. It may be short, but he made sure to keep me from hiding in my seat whenever we stopped and someone might see. There were few enough people on the road that it was only a little embarrassing, and very hot. It was hard to keep cum from dripping out of my pussy when I was so wet.

Sean parked right in front of Adrian's apartment, and left the coat in the car as he led me inside by the clamps. I was shivering a little as I stood there while he took his coat and shoes off. There he was, sitting on the couch. Adrian was 5'11", significantly shorter than Sean, but so built with lean muscle that he weighed only twenty pounds less at 180lbs. Both he and Sean dwarfed my 150lbs of muscle on my 5'7" frame. Adrian was wearing the faded blue jeans that I loved; they clung to his perfect thighs and ass so wonderfully. He was shirtless, showing off his nipple rings and broad chest, and didn't acknowledge me as he and Sean spoke other than to ask how Sean had treated me. Sean grasped my shoulders to turn me around and show Adrian the welts on my ass, and I could almost hear the two of them grin as Adrian got up to trace his fingers along the raised flesh. Goosebumps erupted on my body from the light touch of his fingers, and I spread my legs a bit when his hand reached down to caress my pussy. His fingers were gentle as one slid inside me to feel Sean's warm cum still in my cunt.

"I like the gag. Good choice leaving it on," he commended Sean. Adrian still hadn't said anything to me directly, and the objectiveness of it made me even wetter. My pussy clenched around his finger, and he pulled it out to slide along my ass.

"You played with this, too?" Sean nodded, and went to make himself a drink. I squirmed my hips away from the invading finger, and his hand slid back between my legs to pull me back by my pussy. 

"You know better than to pull away from me. You are not in control. You are nothing more than a whore, a set of holes for me to take my pleasure in." Adrian's other hand grasped the back of my neck tightly. "You will not squirm away, you will not protest. You will take whatever is given to you, and you will enjoy it." He released my pussy to untie my wrists, and turned me by my neck to face him. My eyes were wide, and it was obvious that I had been crying by the makeup smeared across my face in rivulets. I had clasped my hands around my chest to try and warm myself, and Adrian let go of my neck to pull them down to my sides. 

"Do you understand?" The look in his eyes - hard, aroused intelligence and dominance - made my stomach clench and knees twitch as I nodded. There was no way I could argue with him. He knew exactly how to make me want to be a good little whore. His good little whore.

"Then get on your knees. You're not allowed to speak other than to beg tonight." His hands quickly undid the buckle on the gag, and he pulled his already hard cock from his pants.

"Open your mouth." Before the words had left his mouth, I was on my knees with my mouth open, taking the head of his thick cock into my mouth. I moaned as I tasted him and felt his flesh heavy on my tongue. He tasted so good; it always made me want more. Relaxing my throat, I slid farther down onto his cock, keeping my lips tight around the shaft as I traced a line along the underside with my tongue. His head hit the back of my throat, and I took a deep breath before sliding my mouth to the base of his cock. I gagged a little as I pulled back, and ignored the need to breathe as I slid my lips to the base again. My body wanted to panic as I stayed there for a moment, feeling how thick he was in my throat before I slid almost all the way back to his head and wrapped my hand around the shaft.

"Hands on my thighs." I placed them there, and felt each of his hands take a fistful of hair to hold my head in place as he started to face-fuck me. I couldn't breathe and whimpered as I fought from pulling back. Feeling how much control he had over me made my hips squirm, and I dug my fingertips into his thick thighs to keep from playing with myself. Sean's cum started to drip from my pussy down my thighs as I clenched and squirmed. Adrian stopped abruptly, pulling out of my mouth without letting go of my hair, and I gasped for air.

"Good girl." The words made my body tremble, and I wrapped my mouth back around the cock in front of me, wanting more of it in my mouth. As I sucked, I heard Sean walk around behind me and felt him place a hand on the back of my head. The touch made me shiver and I moaned around Adrian's cock in my mouth. I felt so small on my knees between the two massive men, and it felt so right. I was here to please, and being on my knees was a visual reminder.

Pulling my mouth off of Adrian's cock, I looked up into his blue eyes and pleaded, "Please fuck me! Please make me cum! I want to cum on your cock so badly, please!" I glanced back and forth between him and Sean, and they smiled at each other.

"Not yet, slut." I couldn't help but whimper. Denying me only made me hornier. It made me so wet that they were in control and ignoring what I wanted. I straddled Adrian's leg and ground my clit softly into his shin, humping pitifully against him. Doing my best to look like a pitiful, horny mess, which is exactly what I was, I stared up at him as I stroked his cock.

"Please?" I whimpered.

"No. And you've made a mess of yourself. We need to fix that." He gestured derisively to the cum running down my thighs. I gasped as Sean picked me up by my arms, and sat back on the couch with me in his lap. He spread his thighs with mine, and wrapped his ankles around my calves so that I couldn't close my legs. His hands were unyielding around my arms and torso. I couldn't move within his grasp, and the knowledge made me squirm even more. Adrian knelt in front of me, and began licking up my thigh from my knee, tracing the path Sean's cum had made down my legs. I whimpered and tried to pull away. Being eaten out made me feel vulnerable enough, but cleaning Sean's cum from my body was even worse. Or better, depending on your perspective. Sean held to me tighter as I wiggled, trying futilely to get away. Adrian placed his broad hands on my thighs and kept licking slowly, alternating between my thighs. The closer his mouth came to my pussy, the more I whimpered. He paused once he reached the apex of my thighs, and locked eyes with mine as he slowly lowered his mouth to my cunt, and licked slowly between my lips. I couldn't break from his intense gaze as his tongue traced along my clit, dipping down into my pussy. The look in Adrian's eyes, the vulnerability I was feeling, being trapped and bound by Sean's limbs, and the expert tongue teasing me was winding me up faster than I thought possible.

One of Adrian's hands reached up to pull at the chain between my nipples while the other dipped into my pussy, teasing me with two fingers. His tongue lapped at my pussy, teasing me with its warmth. My hips wiggled and tried to press into his face as he teased my clit.

"Please! Please let me cum! Make me cum! Please!" I couldn't stand not cumming any more. I needed that release; I needed to cum on his hands and face. It didn't matter that I was sitting in Sean's lap - I needed to cum. My eyes rolled into the back of my head and I moaned, arching into Sean's arms as Adrian slid four fingers deep inside my cunt. His mouth stayed wrapped around my clit, and his other hand moved from the nipple clamps down to press down on my stomach, stimulating my g-spot from the outside. It felt like I was shattering and sinking and flying all at once. There was nothing but the hand inside me and the limbs wrapped around my body. Some part of me was dimly aware of the fluid gushing down my legs, soaking Sean's lap beneath me as I writhed and clenched around Adrian's hand. It vaguely registered that I was being spoken to, and I strained to understand what was being said.

"Is this what you wanted, whore? Is this what you needed? Is it?" Adrian asked sharply. I felt Sean's cock hardening beneath me as I soaked his pants, and the sensation kept me over the brink and made me cum even harder.

"Fuck yes! Please don't stop! Please, God!" Sean let go of my arms to clutch at my breasts and nipples, and I yelped in response and pressed into his hands. Being caught between the two of them was as much like a rock and a hard place as a person can get, and it was blowing my mind. One of Sean's hands moved from my breast to grasp my throat, and I leaned into it, needing it. His fingers dug into my windpipe and the veins in my neck, and I lost myself in the dizziness that added to my orgasm. I was so lost in the pleasure that I hardly noticed Adrian reaching a finger back to slip into my ass. It was so soaked in my juices that it slid in easily. As my orgasm faded, the dizziness from Sean's hand around my throat kept me from focusing on the discomfort in my ass.

I whimpered, or tried to, and Adrian growled, "Take it, bitch. You fucking love it. And you're going to love me fucking it." I nodded and gasped for air, still twitching from my orgasm. Adrian stood, and began walking up the stairs, then Sean stood beneath me and I slid to the floor, unable to stand from lack of air and lack of any mental capacity.

Sean sounded surprised and a little worried as he asked Adrian, "Is this normal?" gesturing to his pants. He had only fucked me twice before, and hadn't made me squirt. Adrian saw me at least once a week, and almost always made me squirt. I looked up from the floor, and smiled as I saw that the denim of Sean's jeans was soaked almost down to his knees. My nipples ached and my pussy twitched with the after affects from cumming, and I greedily wished for more.
