 "Oh god yes... fuck me with your fingers. Harder..." 

My two fingers dug into Sandra's juicy cunt each time I slammed them up her slimy hole. I was pressed against her back with one hand down the front of her shorts fingering her pussy and the other under her top squeezing her tits and pinching her nipples. I could feel her body tremble and knew that she was quickly losing control. 

"Oh god... oh fuck... uuunnngggghhhhh..." 

Her body stiffened just before an explosion ripped through her pussy. I moved a fingertip to her hard clit and rubbed it in circles. Sandra shook and gasped from a second wave of ripples that shot through her body. I rammed two fingers up her cunt and twisted her nipple hard sending her to new heights of pleasure. When her gasps and squeals turned to whimpers I pulled my dripping fingers from her shorts. 

"Jesus... I haven't been fingered like that since high school." 

And that was how I first got to know Sandra. 

Actually, it all began thirty minutes earlier that night. Sandra, a 26 year old divorcee who lived two doors down, knocked on the door. When I opened it I found myself staring at an attractive and shapely dark haired woman wearing a pair of tight shorts and a top that stretched firmly across her well formed tits. It was a welcome sight for a horny 22 year old Army officer attending Officer's Basic Course in Georgia. I had just moved into the townhouse that day with two friends also attending the course. 

Sandra introduced herself, welcomed us to the neighborhood and made small talk. She wasn't the sharpest knife in the kitchen but she seemed friendly and had a cute southern accent. Just as she was leaving she mentioned a clogged garbage disposal and wondered if any of us could help. I quickly volunteered hoping that there might be some fringe benefits. 

It took all of 15 seconds to get the disposal working. Sandra offered me a beer and I accepted. We stood in the kitchen. I listened as she babbled away with that cute southern accent. Lucky me got to hear all about how she had gotten pregnant during her senior year of high school by an older man who she married and had two kids with, but he drank all the time and was mean to her so she finally left him after he got caught having sex with a 13 year old girl. 

Her soliloquy was interrupted by a young girl's voice calling Sandra mommy and saying she couldn't get to sleep. I was about to give up on my chances for a score that night but Sandra insisted I stay while she put her daughter back in bed. A few minutes later she reappeared apologizing for the interruption. She picked up where she had left off. 

"It's awful hard being a woman and not having a man in the house to do things like that garbage disposal. Having a man around also takes care of other needs if you know what I mean. I was shocked to find out he was fooling around cause all he ever wanted to do when he was home was fuck and drink beer. At least I was getting some most nights. It's been pretty lonely around here." 

I had found my opening. 

"Join the club. My right hand is my new best friend." 

"How can you be friends with a... oh, I get it. That'll change real soon. Those secretaries at the base put out like rabbits in heat. You won't have any problem getting laid." 

"And a pretty lady like you shouldn't have any problem either," I replied stepping closer and looking into her eyes. 

"You really think I'm pretty? That's the nicest thing anyone has said to me in a long time." 

Her body language told me she was interested. It was time to find out how far she was willing to go. 

"You're not just pretty. You are hot and sexy and smart. Any man would be lucky to have you." 

Okay, smart she wasn't but she didn't have to know it. I put my beer down and moved closer until our bodies were almost touching. 

"You best watch yourself, Lieutenant Nolan, or I might try to take advantage of you." 

"And I would gladly let you, Sandra," I whispered moving my face to within inches of hers. 

Our lips met. I put my hand on her hip and slowly moved it up her side to the generous swell of her breast. My fingers squeezed the soft tissue through the top she was wearing. I rubbed my thumb across her hard nipple. My lips slid across her face and trailed down to her neck. Sandra threw her head back and moaned. 

"Mmmmmmmmm... you're being a bad boy." 

I moved my lips to her ear which I softly tongued. My hand slid down across her stomach and over her shorts until I could feel the swell of her pussy against my fingers. 

"Ooooohhhhhh... mmmmmmmmmm..." 

My middle finger found the outline of her gash and rubbed along its length. Sandra pressed her pussy against my finger. My teeth lightly bit into the thin skin of her neck. I found the place where her clit was hidden and rubbed it in circles through her shorts. Sandra gasped and turned away from me facing the counter. I pressed behind her and cupped her tits with both hands. 

"You're getting me all hot and gooey. If you keep it up I'm gonna have to go change my panties." 

Sandra made no attempt to pull away. I fucked my hard cock between her ass cheeks. I slid my hands under her top and pushed up her bra. My fingers squeezed the naked flesh of her soft tits and traced across the hard stubs poking out from her swollen nipples. I kissed and nibbled the back of her neck. 

"Ooohhh... what are doing to me? Oh god... mmmmmmm..." 

My right hand slid across her stomach and under the tight waistband of her shorts. I wedged my hand down until I could feel the elastic of her panties. Sandra unsnapped her shorts to make it easier. My fingers slid into her panties and across the soft curls covering her swollen mound. When I reached the folds of her pussy my fingers confirmed that she was indeed hot and gooey. 

I spent some time rubbing her clit before I curled two fingers up her cunt. It was almost like she was discovering the pleasures of sex for the very first time. I shoved my fingers up into her hot chamber eliciting moans of pleasure. My fingers were bathed in juices which flowed from her like hot lava. It wasn't long before she was shaking from a series of orgasms that rocked her body. 

And that was how I met Sandra. 

I was preparing to take things to the next level. Unfortunately a little girl's voice interrupted us once again. I was forced to retreat back to my place with a big lump in my pants and two balls full of cum. While I was able to take care of that problem in short order it was far less satisfying than the alternative I had been planning. 

On Friday evening, after a few drinks to screw up my courage, I knocked on Sandra's door hoping to pick up where we had left off two nights earlier. I could hear music pounding in the background. Sandra answered with a drink in her hand and invited me inside. 

"Hey girls, this is Lieutenant Olsen. He just moved in two doors down. This is Brenda who lives across the way, Sherry who is an old friend from high school and my little sister Debbie." 

Brenda was a big woman who looked like she spent too much time eating twinkies and watching TV. Sherry was attractive in a trailer trash kind of way. She had a big blond hairdo, too much make-up and a body to kill for on display under a pair of skin tight shorts and a braless halter. Debbie was a cute redhead with a tight body sporting a huge rack on her 5'2" frame. She wore tight hip-hugging jeans and a pink t-shirt stretched across her ample tits. She was much younger than her sister and looked like she could still be in high school.

"Please call me Jim. Hi everyone." 

"We're having a little party but you're more than welcome to join us," Sandra explained with a slight slur in her voice. 

"Great. I'd love to. Are the kids in bed?" 

"No. They're with their daddy this weekend so we can party all night long, right girls." 

I grabbed a drink and surveyed the scene. Sandra was half looped. Her sister Debbie was sipping on something that looked like coke and was staring at me. She winked when I caught her eye. Brenda was hitting on Sherry and kept touching her in ways that were a little too intimate. I got the feeling that Sherry did not have a clue what was happening. 

"You wanna dance?" Sandra asked as she turned up the volume and bounced around the room in a motion that vaguely resembled a rhythm. I joined her. 

We swirled and spun to the music occasionally rubbing our bodies against each other. The song ended. A slow melody replaced it. Before I knew it Sandra had thrown her arms around my neck and mashed her body against mine. We shuffled our feet and swayed to the music. I was painfully aware of her tits poking into my chest and her pussy against my thigh. 

Out of the corner of my eye I caught a glimpse of Brenda kissing Sherry on the sofa. Sherry was either too drunk to care or welcomed the advances. Brenda's hand moved between her legs and pressed into the crotch of Sherry's shorts. They finally broke apart and stood to leave.

"Sandra, Sherry and I are going to go over to my place for a little while. She wants me to do her hair," Brenda pronounced before they departed. I had a suspicion that the hair Brenda was going to be doing was between Sherry's legs but I didn't say anything. Sandra waved goodbye just as the song ended. 

"I gotta go pee. I'll be right back." 

I walked over to Debbie to be friendly and make small talk while I waited for Sandra. I was taken by surprise by her immediate and shameless aggressiveness. 

"Kiss me. Hurry, before my sister comes back." 

She threw her arms around my neck and pulled my lips to hers. I felt her tongue push into my mouth. I should have pulled away but something more primeval held me there. I kissed her back with equal passion. She straddled my thigh and pressed her big tits firmly against my chest. I could feel my cock growing hard. I was saved by the sound of the toilet flushing. We quickly separated. 

"Debbie, didn't you say something about meeting up with some friends later? Besides, Lieutenant Olsen and I would like to be alone for a little while." 

Sandra pressed her body up behind mine and slid her hands from my stomach up to my chest. I felt her teeth rake against the skin of my neck. I looked over at Debbie who was clearly pouting. 

"Naw, I'm just gonna to stay here and watch TV. I'll crash in the kids' room tonight. You guys go on and fuck if that's what you're gonna do. I don't care." 

"You may be my sister but I don't need to listen to that kind of talk in my own house. You go on and get out of here." 

"I ain't going nowhere," Debbie retorted while sitting down on the couch and crossing her arms.

"Fine. Have it your way." 

With that Sandra pulled me around so I was facing her. She threw her arms around my neck and pressed her open lips to my mouth. She rotated her ass in an exaggerated fashion as she ground her pussy against me. We staggered over to the couch. Sandra pushed me back until I was sitting next to her sister. She straddled my lap and dry humped me, then grabbed both of my hands and moved them to her tits. Our kiss resumed. 

Sandra broke away from the kiss and slid to the floor between my legs. She ran her fingers up and down my thighs coming dangerously close to the hard-on that was about to rip through my jeans. Her hands pushed up under my shirt where she tweaked my nipples with her fingers. Then she leaned forward and sucked each one into her mouth raking it with her teeth. 

"Seen enough?" Sandra asked turning her head towards her sister. "Why don't you go play with your little high school friends and leave us alone?" 

"Fuck you. I'm staying right here. Besides, it's nothing I hadn't seen before." 

"Ain't that something? My little sister is a pervert. She likes to watch." 

"At least I'm not a fucking whore like you." 

That apparently was the last straw. Sandra reached out and grabbed her sister by the hair. Debbie screamed and slapped Sandra hard across the face. Soon they were rolling on the floor kicking and scratching and pulling at each other. I finally got up and pulled them apart. Sandra's blouse was torn and her nose was bleeding. I put Debbie on the couch and sat next to her to keep her from renewing the attack on her sister. 

"Shit, my nose is bleeding," Sandra exclaimed as she ran upstairs holding her nose. "I'll be back. This ain't over yet."

As soon as her sister disappeared I felt Debbie's tongue push into my ear. Her hand slid across my lap and rubbed the huge bulge in the front my jeans. 

"I can suck cock better than my sister," she whispered. 

I knew this was crazy. It was like being in a dream. I turned my head. Our lips and tongues met. My hand wandered up to one of Debbie's huge tits and squeezed. Her hand continued to rub my bulging member. I felt Debbie fumble with my belt and zipper. Moments later she freed my cock. Without hesitation she lowered her head and sucked me between her lips. 

Never having been sucked by Sandra I could not compare, but what Debbie was doing to me was driving me crazy. She knew exactly how to use her tongue and lips to stimulate all the sensitive areas of my cock. She concentrated on the knob sending jolts of pleasure to my brain. Just when I thought I couldn't stand it anymore she slammed her lips down my length and sucked me deep into her mouth still using her tongue to keep me on the edge. 

I had not been with a woman in a while and was not going to last very long. Sandra would be returning any minute but at the moment my cock was doing all the thinking and I was helpless to move. I was going to cum. Before it happened Debbie's mouth lifted off my throbbing shaft. She looked up at me with spit drooling from her lips and grabbed my cock, jerking me off with her hand. 

"You can cum in my mouth if you want." 

She slammed her lips back down over my hard meat and attacked it with even greater fury. Her head bobbed up and down in rapid succession. Her tongue swirled across my knob. I was delirious and felt the familiar pounding in my chest of a man about to find nirvana. Suddenly every ounce of energy rushed to my groin. I grabbed the back of Debbie's head and thrust deep into her mouth. 

Cum exploded from the tip of my cock. Stream after stream of hot cream filled Debbie's mouth until I could feel it drooling from her lips and back down my shaft. I wasn't sure the spewing was ever going to stop. Debbie gobbled it up and squeezed the last few drops from the tip. She wiped her lips and sat up on the couch while I stuffed my cock back into my jeans. Seconds later Sandra yelled from upstairs. 

"Come on up to the bedroom, Jim," she commanded more than requested peeking her head around the corner and looking down at us. "If that bitch sister of mine wants to stay then she can go fuck herself which I'm sure the little whore will probably do. At least we'll have some privacy." 

Sandra disappeared back into her bedroom. Debbie reached down and pulled up her top and bra exposing a set of gorgeous tits that hung majestically from her chest. Next she shoved a hand down the front of her jeans. I could see the outline of her fingers rubbing her pussy. 

"You sure you want to leave?" 

I was beginning to wonder how old Debbie really was. This girl had been around the block a few times. I knew she was still in high school but that didn't really mean anything. I reluctantly stood and went upstairs. 

I found Sandra lying naked on the bed with her hair splayed across the pillow. She had one hand behind her neck as though she was posing for a glamour magazine. The other hand was on her stomach. Her legs were together with one knee bent up off the bed. A vee of dark hair grew out from between her thighs. Two nicely shaped breasts swelled from her chest. The nipples were puffy with hard tips that poked out a good quarter of an inch. Her flat stomach showed no signs of bearing two children. 

"Like what you see? Everyone tells me I have a nice body." 

"Good enough to eat," I replied ripping off my shirt and tearing off my jeans. 

I climbed onto the bed, pulled her legs apart and moved my face up between her thighs. My nose could smell the musty aroma of her womanhood before my tongue flicked out and tasted it. I clamped my mouth over her swollen mound and pushed my tongue into her steamy hole. For the next several minutes I kissed, slurped, sucked and tongued her hot pussy. Sandra squirmed on the bed moaning and gasping. I pushed two fingers up her cunt and twisted them while flicking my tongue across her clit. Sandra's gasps turned to squeals of pleasure. 

We shifted positions. Sandra rolled over on top of me so she could suck my cock while I was licking her pussy. I felt her lips slide down my shaft. I clamped my mouth over her puffy mound and shoved my tongue back up her steamy passage. Her muffled moans became erratic. Her legs stiffened and shook. Her toes curled under her feet. My cock popped out of her mouth and she let out a loud squeal. Pussy juice gushed into my mouth. 

Sandra rolled off me onto her back. I mounted her. She pulled her knees back towards her shoulders. My cock found her entrance and slammed deep into her cunt. Sandra screamed and clawed at my back. I pounded her pussy in fast deep strokes. Her squeals and moans became louder. One orgasm after another seemed to rip through her body. The woman was insatiable. 

My staying power was enhanced significantly from having recently deposited a load of cum into Debbie's mouth. I pounded Sandra's pussy relentlessly driving her forward on each thrust. My balls slapped wetly against her ass every time I buried my cock up her steamy cunt. My hands slid between our bodies and crushed the soft flesh of her tits. Sandra's screams became more intense. Her heels slapped against my ass and her fingers clawed at my back. She was completely out of control. 

I rolled onto my back pulling Sandra on top of me with my cock still buried deep in her pussy. She leaned down and kissed me. She ground her clit against my pelvic bone. My cock swirled inside her hot pussy. Slowly we began to fuck in long steady strokes which quickly became more aggressive. I grabbed her creamy cheeks and thrust up into her each time she plunged her pussy down on my cock. 

Sandra squealed uncontrollably while fucking me faster and faster repeatedly slamming her pussy down on my cock and driving me deep into her belly. I pushed her up by the shoulders and she fell back with her arms behind her supporting her weight. I had a clear view of my cock moving in and out of her body. Her engorged clit poked out from its boat at the top of her slit. I reached forward and rubbed my thumb over the sensitive protrusion. Seconds later she exploded. 

Sandra rolled off me and lay face down on the bed trying to catch her breath. I climbed up behind her wedging my cock into the crevice between her cheeks and slowly fucked it up and down her crack. I kissed the back of her neck and nibbled on her ear pushing my tongue into the opening. A soft moan escaped from her throat. 

"Had enough?" I asked. 

"No. I want you to fuck me until I beg you to stop and then I want you to keep fucking me." 

The head of my cock slipped between her legs until it lodged in the opening to her pussy. Sandra tilted her ass upwards to receive me. I pushed and felt my shaft plow all the way inside her steamy chamber. I fucked her in long steady strokes driving my cock deep into her pussy on each thrust. Sandra slipped a hand under her body. I could feel her fingers against my cock as she rubbed her clit. 

"Oh god... fuck me... aaaahhhhh... oh fuck... uuunnnggghhhh... 

She was insatiable and couldn't seem to get enough of my cock. Her gasps and squeals were interspersed with explicatives like "fuck me" and "harder". I picked up the pace driving my cock deep on each thrust. Sandra pushed back against me in perfect synchronization with my fucking motions. My balls slapped wetly against her fingers which were stroking her clit. 
