 Dear reader, this story got away from me a little, but I enjoyed writing it, it's about a mature woman submitting to a young guy, about him getting his step mother, his step mother getting the other woman and her husband too, it gets a bit frantic, but there you go lol. 

***** 

When I was sixteen, my mother and father split, they had been drifting apart for a few years now. I know the old man had been messing around, but I didn't know if my mother had too. He worked away a lot, went overseas, and so on, my mom used to say, "He's been at it again, I can smell it on him," when he returned from wherever he'd been. 

So as I wasn't quite old enough to make my own way in the world, so when the split arrived, I ended up going with my mother. She bought a nice small cottage just in the country, then about a year later she met a new fella. His name was Derek, but right from the off I didn't like him, I did try but I just couldn't get the hang of him. 

He tried to act as though he was my dad, which rubbed me up the wrong way alright. He even asked me if I wanted to call him 'Dad' but I told him in no uncertain terms he wasn't, and never would be. I really wanted to go and stay with my dad, but he was still working away so it wasn't possible. 

But life moved on, I do love my mother, but I don't really like her, she isn't my kind of person. She a bit erm, scatterbrained, loopy sometimes, does crazy things, forgets things, but as a woman, she's all there. Don't get me wrong, mom is a better than good looking woman, even I knew that, and I'm her son. 

So now I was eighteen, mother has just got married, unfortunately, and my dad, who isn't, but thinks he is, is now trying to be the man of the house. But he will never be my man, no matter what he does, and that includes my mother trying to make him so. 

Ian Lee Henderson by the way, and in the last two years I have gone from a gangly sixteen year old to a well built and well proportioned young man. I train, I'm sporty, so I'm bigger than your average eighteen year old. I have luck with the girls, don't have any problems on that score, I have good mates, and I think I'm okay looking too? 

I will say one thing for 'good old Derek' he seems to keep mother happy between the sheets, I can hear her moaning and groaning, which isn't always a good thing, which is something I don't recall her doing with my old man. But it did have a weird effect on me, it turned me on to older women. 

I actively sought them out, I had some success but not a lot, once even with a mates mother, who was dead easy to get to, and I enjoyed it immensely. She taught me most of what I now know, but it had to stop, her husband found out she was screwing around, and threats were made to all and sundry. 

On my 18th birthday I asked my dad if I could move in with him, he was more than happy, and even told 'good old Derek' with a shit eating grin on his face, and a huge smirk at my mother, that he was going to live with his 'real' dad. So here I am as happy as Larry, living my life, dad keeps me in the money, but I am studying hard in construction engineering. 

Then my own father announced he was getting married in Australia to an Australian girl and she had some Vietnamese in her origins, although, he told me on the phone, she is as Australian as they come. "She's a proper Shelagh!" he had joked. He sent me a couple of photos, one of them both and one of her. And I have to tell you, she looked utterly gorgeous. 

Looking at the pictures, she looked just like anyone of us, except for the flowing jet black hair. I suppose that was the Vietnamese bit in her. Knowing how tall my dad was I guessed she was about 5ft 8" give or take. Her name was Rhonda, she was divorced from the pig who had caught her, dad's words. She had no children, and she was 28 to his 40, quite a difference I thought. He would be back in about one week from then, he had said. 

My first thoughts were the selfish ones, "Well that'll put a brake on me having some fun, I won't be able to bring the chicks back here when they come home. And especially, my slave lady from down the road." I told myself. I had bumped into her literally, with my trolley in the supermarket. I offered to buy her as coffee by way of recompense for felling her,(nearly) After small talk and finding out I was at home alone, (film there?) she offered to do a bit of housekeeping for me. On her first visit, it took me all of one hour to get her to forget the housekeeping and jump into bed with me. 

She had arrived with a basket of cleaning items, which I took from her, made a point of touching her, I wouldn't say intimately, but I was sure she knew where I was. Her name was Linda, and she was about 35 to maybe 40 I think. Not bad looking, and anyway, any port in a storm hey? 

I showed her around the house, she was talking about what to do and where to start and so on. I made sure my arm was around her waist, or hand on her shoulder, holding her hand, deep looks and what have you. We were having coffee stood in the kitchen chatting, she was asking me about me. She wanted to know about girlfriends, other women, and that's when I began to think she might be up for some fun. 

While she never said it, I was getting the impression she wasn't too happy at home, and I mean unhappy about lack of attention. She seemed nervous, on edge. I slid closer, then I was right at her side, I gave her what I hoped were meaningful looks. Then I went for it, I put my arm around her waist and hugged her, she responded by leaning into me, I was home and dry! 

I took her coffee mug from her, got in front of her and kissed her cheek, then her lips, she never moved, never kissed back. She wanted this I was sure now, but she was frightened of it too, maybe she wanted leading. Follow and be led to water, but I wasn't worried, I got her neck and I got the first movement from her. Her hips moved against my cock which was now centre planted into her itchy bit. I pressed it in, her hands went to my hips and she gripped my shirt, now I knew! 

I slipped my arms around her and kissed her properly, she kissed me right back, I ground my dick at her and she mewled and moaned right into my mouth. She was already hotter than the surface of the sun. I felt for a tit and got it, then a nipple and I got that, her arms went around my waist and her grip on me tightened. 

"I'm going to lock the door," I told her, this was her chance to run, Linda nodded her head, her cards were on the table, a royal flush, she had won, me! She wanted me, wanted it, sex, seduction, fucking, screwing, tailing, whatever it was. Andme? I intended to give her as much as she needed, and then some. I went back to her, grabbed her hand and pulled her behind me, she seemed reluctant, but I decided she was just trying to play hard to get, I didn't mind that. 

As soon as I got her into my bedroom I had her on the bed, I stripped her, she practically tore my clothes off, we were both kissing, grabbing, feeling, stroking, it all went on, and then we were at it like two fucking dogs! We fucked each other for about two hours, then she mumbled annoyingly, "I have to go Lee, I'm sorry, but he'll be home for his dinner." 

"See you tomorrow Linda?" I said hopefully. 

"You can bet on it big boy," she said as she kissed me and her hand stroked my dick again, "I'll be here straight after I've dropped him off!" I grinned at her and off she went. I congratulated myself on my conquest of this older lovely, and looked forward to tomorrow. 

The next day she turned up looking like the sex mad woman she obviously was, shortish skirt, a couple of inches above her knees, stockings, great legs, tight top, hair up, a little make up and high heels. "I hope you like me Lee, I have dressed just for you baby, do you want me?" her voice was husky and enticing. 

I nearly threw her over my shoulder, but instead I bent her over the table and fucked her there, but only after hiking her skirt up, and tearing her thong off. Her pussy was tight and wet, hot and bothered, and I ravaged her, I sensed she liked to be treated like a bit of rough. I slapped her ass several times, and Linda squealed out my name. 

"Ooooh Oh Lee, Oh my God, Oh oh oh oh, argggh, hmmmm, oh no Ooooh Lee please don't, I'm begging you," then she came. I pulled out and she begged me to put it back in, but I went round the other side of the table. I was on a roll, but I hoped it didn't go wrong. I grabbed her hair and pulled her the few inches I needed, then I rammed my sopping dick into her mouth, and told her. 

"Suck it you dirty little bitch, suck your man's cock, your mouth is mine to fuck now isn't it Linda, answer me bitch!" I hadn't really meant to say something like that, it just came out, but I was glad in the end that I had. She nodded her head, which I suppose was all she could do as she was held down by her hair, and speared tight with cock. 

She sucked and tore at me, she devoured me completely, I have never had a blow job that good, not that I'd had too many to date. As I was soon jerking about and shot all I had right down her throat. Linda gagged and tried to pull off, but I held her until my balls were empty and she had swallowed all I gave her. 

I let go of her and she stayed flat on the table, I went behind her again, I needed to take my time to recover, so I slapped her ass a couple of times. I told her she was a slut, she was my slut, she agreed. I don't know where I was getting this from, this was a first, but she liked it obviously, and so did I. I lifted each foot and took her heels off. After that I was looking at her puffy lipped pussy, and then her little brown hole caught my eye. I fingered it, then poked my middle finger in. 

She mumbled something, but stayed flat, so I took more liberties, I poked my finger in as far as I could get it. She moaned painfully, she wriggled her ass and legs. "Stay still Linda, keep there, and don't move!" I ordered her, I really was trying it on now, I was very bossy but she was doing what I was telling her. 

It was as I pulled my finger out, and jammed it back in that the thought of screwing her in her ass came to me. My cock jumped back to attention at that, I had never screwed a female in the ass, I'd never really thought about it either, but? Now this would be a first for me too. I wondered if she had had it there. 

"Have you ever had sex up your rear end Linda?" I asked her. 

She was silent for a moment, and I was just going to bang her ass cheeks with the flat of my other hand, when she said. 

"Twice, but a long time ago, why?" she whispered. I reached for the butter dish, slapped some on her ass hole and poked some in. 

"Lee please, what are you doing?" 

"Stay still!" I said as she wriggled again, knowing I was fully hard, I rubbed my buttery hand over my cock, pointed it at her bum hole which lined up perfectly with me, and for me. Then I pressed forward and in it popped, Linda cried out and started to get up, so I took her by the upper arms and held her down again. 

"I told you to keep still Linda!" I told her with venom in my voice, but none in my heart. I had no idea it would feel so good or so tight, I had to force it in, and in between her squealing and tearful cries. I bottomed out, I forgot all about Linda now, I just wanted to screw her ass real good, and I did. I drove in and out, she stopped moaning and laid still for me. I was flying high, and then I felt that adorable surge in my ass muscles, it tells me I'm going to cum. I jolted and bolted, then filled her with what cum I had left. Linda moaned, she shuddered and juddered, her hands gripped the far edge of the table, so I knew she was cumming too, cumming for me, I was making her cum, me! 

When my dick finished its job I withdrew, and my cock dropped down, it was slimy and greasy, a mixture of my cum, butter, and her shit. I tottered to the sink and washed myself off, Linda stayed over the table. I undressed her where she lay, just tugging her clothes off, the ones she had worn with me in mind. 

Then I hit on an idea, "Next time you come to see me Linda, don't wear anything but shoes on your feet, and a long coat, I want you naked, got it?" I told her, I slapped her ass hard for her. Then it was my turn for a surprise, 

"Yes Lee I will, sir," she murmured. 

Taking the bull by the horns, I said, "Come upstairs to me when you are ready Linda, and make sure you lock the door, okay?" and I walked away. I wasn't used to this, I had never been this way with a girlfriend or a woman. Thinking about it later, I suppose it was her actually teaching me how to behave with her. Maybe I was giving her what she wanted, and wasn't getting from her husband, who knows? 

She came up, and got into bed with me, with her arms around me, her face buried into my neck, but she mumbled to me. 

"What are you going to do to me Lee?" 

"How about anything I want, will that suit you, you slut!" I said, laying back on my pillow. She tightened her grip on me involuntarily, it excited her. "Do you like being treated like this Linda?" I asked, I was asking her really in an innocent way. She nodded, I was amazed, how would any woman like this, I thought, but 'gift horse' and the like came into my mind. 

I lifted my had and landed a real hard slap on her ass, "When I ask you something Linda, I want an answer, not a nod of your head, got it!" She squealed and begged forgiveness. 

"I'm sorry Lee, I won't do it again I promise," she cried. 

I hit her ass again for good measure again, again she squealed and cried. 

Then I said, "You had better not you slut, right?" 

"Yes Lee yes." 

"So you like being a slut do you, or just my slut?" 

"I'm your slut Lee, yours only. I'll be whatever kind of slut you want me to be for you." 

I took another chance, I wanted to see how far this might go. "So your my slut now, you belong to me, does that mean your husband is a little pencil dicked wimp Linda, does it?" 

She didn't move, she didn't speak, not until I walloped her ass once more. "Answer me you slut!" 

"Yes Lee, he is." She wept. 

"He's what, tell me right now what he is Linda!" 

She took a deep breath and replied, "He is a little pencil dicked wimp, and he couldn't hold a candle to you Lee, sir," she added. 

"Suck my cock and balls Linda, lick my ass, and lick it clean, go!" I said to her with a massive smile on my happy face. She dove at me, got between my legs, I lifted them over her, and she went to work. It was magical that this 35 to 40 year old married woman was slavering over me, an 18 year old boy. She couldn't get enough of my weapon, balls, and ass. Then the moment I hadn't ever experienced, I felt her tongue slide up, and into my rear end, it was something I will never forget. 

I was hard again in minutes, so I pulled her off, I was gentle with her, I got her over on to her back with lots of loving kisses, touches and persuasion. Then I mounted her, I got my cock all the way into her slick devout pussy, and I set about giving her what she wanted, a fucking good hammering, I pounded her as hard as I could, and for as long as I could. 

She was wailing below me, but her wailing were ones of total enjoyment, utter fulfilment and eventual complete satisfaction. I never came, not this time, so I was able to batter her for longer than I even thought I could have. She seemed to fall into herself, but I still went at her, I drove her up to the bed head and still I fucked her, and she flopped under me. Then I guessed she had had enough, she had been totalled, beaten, and literally fucked out of her head. 

I stopped a while, then slid off and lay at her side while she got her bearings back. And I got my breath back too. I watched as she came around proper like, then I pulled her to me. 

"Ever had it that good, or for that long Linda, Hmmmm, if you have I'll bet it wasn't with pencil dick was it?" 

"No Lee, I haven't had it anywhere near that good, and pencil dick wouldn't even know where to start, even if he did try," She laughed slowly at her own attempt at a joke. 

"You'd better go Linda, and tell wimpy boy you have met a real man hey?" I slapped her ass twice, and got off my bed. 

"Ooooh, oh Lee that does hurt, but I love it, sir," she said, then she dropped to her knees at the side of the bed in a prayer mode. "Dear Lord, I thank you with all of my heart for sending me to Lee." I looked on stunned, fucking hell I thought, she truly does love being manhandled doesn't she? 

"I can't come again until Friday sir, Lee," she said, I have previous arrangements." That was fine by me, I had things to do anyway. 

"Be here as I told you to be then Linda," was all I said. She knew what I was talking about. And she did turn up as instructed, heels, and a coat, I opened the door and looked at her on the step. 

"Let me see you, you dirty fucking slut," I said. 

"But Lee," she said horrified, "people might see me like this." 

"Drop the coat, let me see, or fuck off you filthy bitch!" 

She undid the coat, opened it and sure enough she was stark naked. "I won't tell you again you dirty fucking slut whore, drop the coat or fuck off, what is it going to be!" 

Tears formed and fell from her eyes, she glanced about, I thought she was actually going to leave. Then the coat fell off and landed at her feet. She stood there on my door step totally naked apart from her shoes. "Come in cunt, I'm going to rip your ass wide open," I told her, turning my back on her I went into the kitchen. 

I heard the door close and she was behind me, I turned to her, kissed her lovingly, "what are you Linda, tell me what you are, all of it." 

"I'm a dirty slut Lee, your filthy slut, your whore, your bitch, your c,c,c,cunt!" I smiled, there was no doubting it, without even knowing, understanding really, I had found a slut for my very own, a married loving wife was my cunt to please. 

"What's pencil wimp dick been doing Linda, has he tried to fuck my married cunt, my luscious married pussy, has he?" 

"Yes sir, he has, but I wouldn't let him, he isn't even half the man you are sir." 

"Over the table Linda, I need to fuck your ass again," I told her. 

"Yes Lee," she replied and got straight over it. I played with her pussy for a while, fucked her mouth for a bit, fingered her ass, then asked her. 

"Where do you want your master's cock Linda?" I asked, master, I asked myself, where the fuck has that come from? 

The answer was there, in an instant. "In my ass sir, your ass, anywhere sir, just as long as you put it in me, please?" I had bought some KY and lavished on her. Then I can only say that I raped her ass, I absolutely battered and tore at it, along with raining hard slaps down on her. I called her every name under the sun, she came in torrents, it was pooled at her feet under the table. 

I finished off by not washing my dick, but stuffed it into her mouth and made her suck me off until I emptied myself in her throat. She sucked and slurped all her shit and juices off me and swallowed it all, now she really was a dirty filthy cunt! I fucked her twice that day, but I never kissed her, and I never let her rinse her mouth out or clean her teeth. I told her just as she was leaving, "I want you to kiss your husband passionately tonight Linda, I want him eat your shit, and taste my cum. But if you don't I will know, and you'll suffer badly, yes?" 

"Yes Lee, sir, I will do exactly what you tell me to do I swear," and I believed her, I really did. 

I saw her on the Monday, as I opened the door to her, her coat fell at her feet. She was naked again, I laughed, "Come in Linda, upstairs, today is going to be your day you beautiful, sexy, dirty horrible fucking shag bag." 

I spent the whole day on her, off her, and in every hole, then I asked her about pencil dick, had she done what I told her to do. She told me that as soon as he walked in, she put her arms around his neck and kissed him, and within two seconds he tried to get away, but she had held him tight, and poked her tongue in and licked him, and that she kept kissing him until he forced her off him. 
