 I'm not actually sure if my fantasies are normal or not, it's not like I discuss it with anybody particularly. Of course, me and the girls will often end up silly giggles after a few glasses of wine and some revealing of how someone's new man performs in the bedroom which inevitably ends up with us talking about what we like to do. The thing is, we only go so far and although my friends know I have a soft spot for younger guys (after all, they've seen me out!) they don't know how much I like them. The thing is, when I was young myself I always wanted older lads! If I had to describe why, I would say it's partially physical, after all, I've yet to meet anybody 30+ who can literally go for hours and hours. But more importantly it's their enthusiasm and simple plain innocence, it also helps they aren't set in their ways and are open to suggestion!

And this is exactly what I was thinking as I stood in my doorway one late afternoon confronted by two young men most likely around 18 or 19. Now, I should add they were here for a purpose, they were from the local college and gathering local opinions on a new road-widening scheme nearby. I obliged and answered their questions varying from whether I had children (not) to whether I was concerned about the scheme (maybe). Normally, I would have turfed them out, I'm not overly known for my patience with random doorbell ringers! But it was a Friday afternoon, I finished work at lunchtime and I'd just got back from having a couple of drinks with a friend. Now I should point it that I don't drink all the time, but I do like a couple of glasses of wine with friends!

Before I go on a little about me. I'm 34, nearly 35 although by my age I'd rather the years go backward than forwards. I consider myself an attractive woman, I certainly have no problem in meeting guys when I want to. I'm an almost obsessive gym goer and will go at least three times a week, if not more. Due to this I'm in good shape, I am a slim woman, UK Size 8. I'm also 5'1", some would describe me as short although I prefer the term petite. My mother tells me I'm too thin but I'm not, all my curves are most certainly present and correct! I'm a white woman and a brunette to boot, long straight hair which through a regime of treatment is in good condition. I've had a chequered history with men, a couple of serious relationships and tended to fill in the gaps with an odd mixture of males. We all have needs at the end of the day and I'm not ashamed to admit if I wanted somebody I've not held back. My biggest weakness though is younger guys, I've already described why I like them but the thing is I find them impossible to resist, I just have no choice. And that leads me back to my situation.

"Tell you what guys, why don't you come in and let's talk about it."

That was the turning point, the point beyond which there was no going back. Now, it may be a little arrogant of myself, but I've always got my wicked way. I'm not saying that guys will *not* turn down a woman, but it just doesn't seem to happen to me!

As I lead them into the front room and sat them down next to each other on the sofa, I brushed down my suit, well I'd already taken my jacket off when I got home. I was wearing a tight fitting navy skirt and a white blouse. Not that they could see but underneath I had a matching pale blue knickers and bra set, no tights. I was rather impressed with myself, I don't always wear my best, maybe someone up there is looking out for me? Then a moment later I figured the absurdity of that thought! Why would God want me to get laid?! As a woman who masturbates most days I'm sure I'd be cast down as a sinner!

"Cup of tea?" I asked rather annoyed at sounding like an old dear. Maybe I should bring cakes and biscuits through as well?!

"How about a beer then? You look like you need it."

They didn't need to be asked twice of course, and I headed off to see if I actually had any beer. It's not something I drink personally very often. But luckily enough I had a few little bottles in the fridge, so I grabbed a couple and flipped the caps off. While I was there, I grabbed myself a large glass of wine. Why not, it's the weekend and I'd already started earlier anyway.

Once back in the room and having handed over the bottles I got to have a proper look at them, both sat there rather awkwardly staring at me. I introduced myself first, feeling rather like I do at work introducing myself to a prospective client. Well, I guess these are prospective clients but not in the same sense, not at all!

The lad on the left answered first, his name was Mark. He was good looking and well built, even muscular I would say but it was difficult to tell through his jumper. I'd guess he was around 6' and had a crazy mop of blonde hair. I noticed he was a little fidgety but I guess this was inevitable considering he was sat in an unknown woman's front room being plied with beer!

The second lad was Chris. Now he was shorter and slimmer than Mark, which wasn't necessarily a bad thing, I'm hardly a giant myself after all. He was better looking though and had a real cheeky glint to his eyes which was rather fetching.

Anyway, we chatted. Initially at least the conversation was on the road scheme which was fair enough, that's what they were here for. But I was starting to get a little bored so started to switch the conversation around to them, their college and social lives. To be honest, they didn't seem to mind chatting at all. Two more beers and another large wine later and I was starting to feel much braver. To be honest, by this point I was flirting outrageously.

"So you two are good looking boys, I bet you've got great girlfriends."

Stunned silence.

"But you've had girlfriends?"

A couple of brisk nods. You know, I've known enough men to be able to read them fairly well, but I had no idea if they were telling the truth or not. I was hoping they were not virgins considering what thoughts I was having, after all it's better for a guys first time to be with someone they love surely.

I moved on and put any doubts behind me. To be honest nothing was going to stop me now anyway.

"In that case you both no doubt know what you like in girls. How do I measure up?" I asked a little worried about what the answer may be. They are surrounded by fresh young women who must rate over me despite my best efforts. I knew I had an edge over them in some areas though, I was more filthy now than I had ever been when I was younger.

They look lost for words and simply eyed me up, which in itself was more than a little pleasurable. I guessed they were a little shy.

"Have a better look, what do you think? Do I look sexy?" I said as I stood up and paraded on the spot for them, doing a little twist so they could see my bum in my tight skirt.

It took me a moment to work out what they were saying, or rather stammering, but it was a mix of Stunning/Gorgeous/Beautiful and 'Oh, Yes'! Hearing the compliments did more to arouse me than I think they realised.

"What about now?" as I started to unbutton my blouse, untucking as I worked my way down. What was I doing?!! But it was no good, wine and my arousal were in control now. The fact that there eyes were fixed on me and tongues almost hanging out simply drove me on. I was also becoming aware that they were both leaning forward, no doubt trying to hide their own arousal. What a delicious thought!

I was in full swing now, more crazy than even I remember me being before. But I was so aroused, to turned on, I knew my knickers were getting more than a little damp now. I finished unbuttoning my blouse, untucked it and threw it to one side. I was soaking in the stares and obvious approval by now, they couldn't take their eyes off me and I was loving it.

"Want to see more?" I asked.

By this time, it seems they had either lost their voices, were too shocked or concentrating too much to speak. To be honest, I didn't care what it was, they wanted more and I was willing to give it. They nodded rapidly. Normally by this point I wanted to touch or be touched but I was enjoying doing my little show far too much to stop now.

I turned around so my back was to them, reached behind and unclasped my bra. I let it fall to the ground. I took a moment to let them appreciate what was about to happen. I didn't have big breasts, I was a 32B, I'd never wanted to be bigger anyway, it would look silly on my small frame. But I'd never had any complaints either. I swirled round giving both lads a sight I hope they'd be impressed with. Well, they didn't look disappointed to me, in fact they were even more wide eyed!

I played with my boobs for them, kneading them like two doughy balls, giving them a show. I was rather enjoying the sensation too and it only heightened my state of arousal. Then the finale. Well the finale of my strip anyway. Looking into their eyes I reached around and undid the two buttons at the back of my skirt. I felt it loosen around my waist as I slowly slid the zip down. Sure enough, it slipped easily off me.

Here I was standing naked bar a pair of blue panties and black shoes. I felt amazing, simply amazing, more turned on than I can remember for a very long time. Fortunately my panties were of the type that hid my arousal well. I was damp, but it wouldn't be obvious. I'm sure they would realise soon enough though.

I was soaking in the adoration, I started to slowly walk over to them, they were leaning rather awkwardly forward. This was the first thing to correct. I got to them and stood between their legs. I leant forward and gently pushed them back. They resisted! Forcefully at first but I think they realised it was pointless and I felt them let go and slump back into the soft padding of the furniture. I could now see what they were hiding, two rather large bulges in their jeans!

I didn't ask. I had no intention of asking, with one hand on each of them I deftly unbuckled first their belts and then Mark's fly buttons and Chris's zip in unison. I gently rubbed each of their crotches. I could feel two distinctly hard and long objects desperately wanting to be freed from their confines. In the name of compassion (of course!) I slipped a hand inside two pairs of boxers and unleashed two hard members.

That word came to mind again. I love it toooo much.

Cock.

Now I had two! And oh my, what a lucky girl I was today, I'd scored two prizes in the cock lottery!! I had in my hands two of the most beautiful cocks I'd ever seen. Hard, in fact rock hard, long and wonderfully thick. There was differences though, Mark's was thicker and Chris's longer and both leant in slightly different directions, but it didn't matter. Big cocks, is there anything more appealing to a woman's eye?

I wanted to clap my hands and jump like a little girl! I'd been so disappointed before, I never showed it of course, but I had been disappointed nevertheless. Not this time.

The excitement was too much for me, I had to sit down. But of course, not in any ordinary way, in the way I like best. I let go of them and walked backwards to the armchair, I laid back into it. So big, so comfy, so soft, so many stories it could tell! One of them started to stroke themselves, I gave him a glare and he stopped instantly, looking a little sheepish. I'll give them something to do. A flick of my eyebrow and a roll of my finger and they were both up.

"Take your clothes off. Quickly now!" I said, not in a dominating way, more a polite but forceful way. I was desperate here and didn't want to wait. They undressed quickly, too quickly almost tumbling over a couple of times. Soon enough they were naked, gorgeous and naked, they were both built differently but both perfect for me.

I had to admire them for a moment, at least until my hormones raged again and I beckoned them over. I closed my eyes and threw my head back. Do you know what I felt next? Two wonderful hot darting tongues teasing me through my panties. My pussy was on fire now, I must be soaking. I could hear them lapping at me, almost sounding contented, I was certainly purring. Then I felt the fabric pulled to one side and a tongue pushed deep within me. I arched my back as the sensation washed through me, I was moaning now, and loudly, I couldn't help it.Then I fel the fabric tugged again and a tongue hit my now super sensitive clitoris.

"Christ" I groaned as my body buckled under the onslaught of sensation. I lifted my bottom of the sofa and felt four hands grasping at my panties and before I knew it they were done past my knees, then I felt them hit my ankles. I kicked them away.

I think I'm going to pass out. It's too much. Then an almighty sensation racks my body, I lose control and can do nothing to stop it. I lurch and shake, my body releasing wave after wave of pleasure.

"Fuck me, NOW." I order, not opening my eyes. I had plans, I was going to pleasure them, tease them, but it was too late now. My body had taken over, I was going to be selfish, I was only thinking of me, of my pleasure.

I felt cold air as two sets of tongues departed me, but it was replaced almost instantly by the unrecognisable feeling of a large head pushing at me. I gave no resistance, he didn't even need to push, he simple slipped straight into me. It was then realised how wet I was, so puffy and soft. I didn't know which of them was in me, but I didn't care. It felt too good, too good. After a short while I felt him stiffen then fill me with his hot fluid, so much I felt I'd burst. I didn't open my eyes, I simply savoured the feeling.

I groaned as I felt the invasion end. No, more. I wanted more. My prayers were answered as I felt another hot cock push into me then hammer itself in and out, like a piston. This one lasted longer, a lot longer actually and I felt myself shaking again, more powerful than before and it was only heightened when I felt another hot load shoot into me.

Rather naively I thought I might get a break, but I was thinking of older guys, not two teenagers. I opened my eyes to see two smiling young faces and two very sticky hard cocks only inches from my mouth. I knew what to do and sucked them clean in turn, tasting the mix of my juice and theirs. I was soaking, I daren't too much myself as I could already feel the dribbles dripping off me.

"Down on the floor, lie on your back," I gently said at neither in particular. As it was it was Mark who obeyed. He lay in the middle of the room, where the was plenty of room, lying on his back with his still rock hard cock bobbing on his stomach.

Very matter of factly, I got up, walked over, kneeled over him, one leg either side. Then I used my hand to guide myself onto him, my excessive moisture helping him sleep in easily. This is why I liked big cocks, I could really feel him inside me, even though I was incredibly aroused I still felt I was being stretched, properly filled. I took control and bucked back and forth on him. It felt delightful, but today I wanted more.

"Chris, get behind me," he obliged of course and before long I could feel his hands on my hips. I was still bucking on Mark. I think Chris figured out what I wanted. I felt the end of his cock searching for a target, I held myself still.

I was wrong. I wanted to experience him anally as I enjoyed it, in a 'special occasion' kind of way.

I let out a loud scream as I felt his cock try to push into my pussy but it didn't seem to deter him. I grimaced, I'd never felt anything quite like this before. Then I groaned as he managed to push into me, once past my labia his journey was unimpeded until I felt him bang up against me.

Full. That's the only way to describe it. I was more stretched than I ever remember. It wont deny it hurt a little, I'd gone past the pain threshold now, but I found myself enjoying it. I didn't need to move, the two of them were doing all the work. I simply revelled in the pleasure and pain I was experiencing right now.

This time they both took their time, it's not that they weren't pounding me, they were, but I could sense them both desperately holding onto the contents of their balls. I knew they wanted to release. Normally I could tease an orgasm out of any man, but this time I was at their mercy.

I could feel us all starting to hit a crescendo, us all getting ever closer to orgasm, becoming more unable to halt the inevitable until in one joyous release I felt them buck and fill my belly, my womb with their ejaculate, at the same time I had an orgasm like I'd never had before. I thought I would explode.

Then we all collapsed into a sweaty heap, sated and happy.