 As I walked in the door, coming home from the office, I saw my wife Carolyn standing by the cabinet preparing dinner. Carolyn has a body built like a brick shit house with all the fixtures in the right place. Today she looked especially good wearing a skimpy halter top with a pair of low cut shorts that fit snugly around her ass with the outline of her bikini panties showing through.

Crossing the room and walking up behind her I reached around and cupped one of her tits with my hand while caressing her ass with the other and gave her a little nibble on the earlobe. "Whats for dinner?" I asked while dropping my hand from her tit to rub her cunt suggestively.

"Company" she replied.

I heard a voice from the den calling "Come on in, we have the fire going." As I entered the room, Ron, a friend of the family rose from a recliner with a drink in his hand and a bulge in the front of his pants. "You horny old bastard" I said, "What the hell are you doing over here?"

"His wife is out of town and he was lonely so I asked him over for dinner and drinks." Carolyn said as she came into the room bringing me a drink.

Kicking off my shoes I sat on the couch, sipped my drink and watched Carolyn walk back into the kitchen, her ass moving like two pigs caught in a gunny sack. As I thought of what could have been, my dick started to swell and I realized what Ron probably was thinking when I came home.

At dinner Ron could not keep his eyes off Carolyn, everytime she leaned over the table her tits bulged against the halter top with the nipples pressing against the cloth. I noticed that as she moved around the table she found several excuses to bump both Ron and myself with her ass, one time rubbing her cunt on Ron's shoulder.

After dinner we all got fresh drinks and moved back into the den. Sitting on the floor in front of the fire Carolyn stretched her legs out and ran her hand slowly up and down the inside of her thigh.

Ron and I sat on either side of her sipped our drinks and watched the fire burn, while I was thinking of the fun we could be having if only he wasn't here.

As the alcohol and warmth from the fire took effect I draped my arm over Carolyn's shoulder and let my hand drop into the top of her halter. Slowly rubbing and kneading the nipple of her titty I looked over to find Ron staring at her mound and rubbing the bulge in his pants. I caught his eye and nodded at Carolyn's halter top and my hand.

As Carolyn leaned her head back and closed her eyes, Ron put his hand under her halter and began to caress her other tit. After a few minutes she began to moan softly under her breath and move her ass back and forth over the carpet.

I unsnapped the halter top from the back and letting it fall leaned over and began sucking and licking the nipple on my titty while Ron started to suck on the nipple he was working on. As I sucked on Carolyn's tit my dick got larger and harder until I thought that it would break the zipper on my pants. Looking up I saw that Carolyn was rubbing the bulge in Rons pants and as I watched she slowly unzipped him and pulled out 8 inches of the hardest dick I have ever seen.

"Lets see what you have in here." Carolyn whispered as she turned to me and began to open my trousers. Reaching in she pulled out my throbbing prick.

Leaning back on the couch Carolyn took Ron's dick with her other hand and clasping both shafts she began to slowly squeeze and massage them while running her thumbs around and over the heads of our dicks. As our pricks got harder and larger Carolyn rotated her cute little ass seductively and said in a low sultry voice "What a pair of joy sticks. I can't wait to see what you boys are going to do with them."

Continuing to slowly suck on Carol's nipple I eased my hand into her shorts and down to her slit, rubbing and caressing her mound and clit as I went. Slipping my fuck finger into her hot slippery cunt I began to run it in and out sliding it over her clit.

"Oh shit, that feels good." Carolyn moaned as she began to jack off both Ron and I while humping her slit on my finger.

Taking Carol's hand from his prick, Ron clasped her head with both hands and gave her a long deep tongue kiss, probing deep into her mouth, then slowly lowered her head to his swollen, throbbing dick.

"Come on, Baby. Give me a blow job." Ron breathed. "Lets get those lips working on old Ron's dick." he pleaded.

As I watched, Carolyn turned over onto her knees, ran her tongue around the head of his dick licking every inch of it and slowly took that enlarged prod into her mouth and began to suck it while moaning and humping her ass back and forth.

Getting on my knees behind Carolyn I watched her suck Rons dick while he lay back with eyes closed, running his hands through her long black hair and pumping that rod in and out of her mouth I slowly began to masturbate with one hand while with the other I pulled her shorts and panties down around her knees.

Knowing what was coming Carolyn began to suck faster and faster on Rons dick while twisting her ass in the air and moaning. Rubbing the head of my dick up and down the crack of her ass I reached between her legs with my other hand and began to massage her hot slippery little cunt, slowly running a finger up into it and pulling it out then lightly running the tip of my finger around her clit, pushing it back and forth until it stood out like a miniature prick.

Moaning and groaning she pumped her ass faster in the air, and attacked Ron's dick with a vengeance. The faster she sucked on his dick the more I rubbed her ass with mine and the harder I rubbed her clit. As Ron began to gyrate his hips he grabbed Carolyn's head with both hands and crying "GODDAMN THATS GOOD" he began to fuck her in the mouth while I stroked her cunt faster and faster.

By this time my prick was so hard a cat couldn't scratch it and was throbbing with desire. Grabbing her ass with both hands, spreading it wide and opening her little pussy I shoved 10 inches of swollen dick so deep in her cunt that my balls were banging her ass. Raising her head from Ron's dick she begged "FUCK ME, FUCK ME HARD, GODDAMNIT GIVE ME SOME DICK" before Ron grabbed her by the hair and stuck his prick back into her mouth.

"Suck me!" Ron pleaded. "SUCK MY DICK, BITCH."

As I began stroking my 10 inch dick in and out of Carolyns tight little cunt, she was working on the head of Ron's dick like it was an all day sucker. Sliding it in and out of her mouth while slowly running her fingers over Ron's balls, moaning "Give me some more dick" and pushing her tight ass back against my stomach.

Ron began frantically to move his hips, thrusting his rock hard prick faster and faster into Carolyns mouth while grunting "uuhhh uuhhh I'm cuming, oh shit I'm cuming".

Jerking his throbbing cock out of Carolyn's mouth Ron grabbed it with his hand, gave it one pump and erupted. Squirting cum over Carolyn's face, Ron jerked his hips back and forth rubbing his prick over Carolyn's lips and cheeks while she licked the side of his shaft sucking up every last drop of golden cum.

As I watched Ron shoot his cum into my wife's face I was steadily running my 10 inches of meat into her cunt, driving it in so deep that my balls were slapping on her ass every stroke I made. Carolyn suddenly buried her face in Ron's pubic hair, tensed her body and while wildly gyrating her ass cried "SHIT, I'M CUMMING. OH SHIT, GIVE IT TO ME, GIVE IT TO ME, PUT IT TO ME HARD, OHHH SSHHITT!"

As she shook her ass, her little pussy began to contract around the shaft of my cock, contracting and loosening it felt like she was trying to eat my dick with her cunt. Faster and faster I poured the dick to her until with a great spasm my back stiffened and I put it in all the way to the root while my dick jerked and bucked squirting cum into her belly. After several spasms cum was running around my prick, trickling down the lips of her pussy and running down her thighs. With a final sigh I fell to the floor while Carolyn, her face still buried in Ron's crotch dropped off her knees, her cum smeared pussy falling across my face.

"So this is what goes on while I am away!" a voice said.

Looking up we saw Joyce, Ron's wife standing in the doorway with her hand on her hip.

"I should have known that you dirty bastards were having a party balling each other." she said.

"Well I caught you at it and now you are just going to have to do it again, with me included this time." Joyce said as she slipped her dress down over her hips and stepped out of it. Unsnapping her bra and dropping it to the floor Joyce stepped toward us.

As Joyce pulled into the drive she noticed the house was dark although Ron's car was in the garage.

"Ron must be next door visiting with Odell and Carolyn" she thought as she turned off the engine and opened the door. Crossing the yard, she walked to Odell's front door and started to ring the bell when she noticed the door was slightly ajar.

Pushing the door open she started to call out for someone when she heard someone cry "SUCK MY DICK, BITCH."

"That sounds like Ron" she thought and quietly entered the house and walked down the hall to the den door. Stopping in the doorway she saw her husband, Ron lying on his back with Carolyn kneeling beside him, working on his dick with her lips and tongue, while Carolyn's husband Odell was on his knees behind her grunting with passion and slamming his 10 inch cock into Carolyn's cunt.

Breathlessly Joyce leaned in the doorway watching Carolyn grunt and moan, humping her ass on Odell's prick and getting balled from both ends.

Joyce felt her pussy warming as the nipples under her dress hardened and erected. Opening the buttons on her dress Joyce let it slide from her shoulders and drop to the floor.

Pantiless and wearing nothing under her dress but a black lace garter belt fastened to her black hose, Joyce reached for her cunt and began to run her fingertip over her clit while with her other hand she rubbed and caressed her titty.

As Joyce's clit got harder, her pussy became swollen with passion and hot slippery love juice flowed across her cunt lips and down her thigh. Joyce, moaning with pleasure, slipped her finger into her slit and began slowly fucking herself as she watched the action. As her finger became covered with her love juice, Joyce would raise it to her mouth and run her tongue around it licking off her juices before returning it to her cunt continuing to fuck herself.

Her pussy got hotter and hotter, swelling with the love juices flowing as she watched the three on the floor. Suddenly Ron pulled his dick from Carolyn's mouth and shot cum all over her face as Carolyn cried "Oh shit I"m cuming. Give it to me" and began banging her ass harder and faster back on Odell's prong.

While Odell kept stroking his hot, throbbing cock into Carolyn's pussy, Joyce, gasping for breath was pumping her finger in and out of her slit and as Odell spasmed, cried out and started pumping cum into Carolyn's twat Joyce gasped. Her cunt contracted, twitched and a tremendous shudder ran over her body as she had a violent orgasm.

The three people on the floor collapsed into a mass of tangled bodies as Joyce slid her finger from her twat, running the tip over her quivering little clit, and leaned weakly against the doorjamb.

After a moment Joyce stood up and said "So this is what goes on while I am away!. I should have known that you dirty bastards were having a party balling each other." she said. "Well I caught you at it and now you are just going to have to do it again, with me included this time." Joyce said as she began to walk across the room toward us.

Joyce was a tall slim woman with long blonde hair that fell to her waist. As she walked toward us she pulled her hair over her shoulders so it fell across her breasts and partially covered them, leaving just the hardened nipples protruding through. Wearing no panties, her blonde pubic bush stood out in the black frame of her garter belt and hose. Her little twat glistened with moisture and desire as she approached Odell.

While doing a seductive bump and grind with her hips Joyce approached Odell, who was sitting on the floor, and putting her legs over his shoulders placed her hot little slippery cunt in front of his face.

Taking her long blond hair and wrapping it around Odell's head she slowly pulled his mouth to her slit.

"Odell, honey" she whispered, "I watched while Carolyn gave my husband a tremendous blow job. Wouldn't you like to repay the favor with my hot little ass?"

As she whispered Joyce began to move her hips sliding her pussy over Odell's face, smearing love juice over his lips. Hungrily Odell's tongue darted out tickling Joyce's erect clit and entered her slit, lapping and sucking at her lips.

As Odell sucked at Joyce's honey box, his dick, swollen and erect, was throbbing with desire. Placing one arm around Joyce's ass, pulling her cunt even closer to his questing tongue, Odell began to rub and massage his prick with the other.

While watching his wife being eaten by Carolyn's husband, Ron slid across the floor and sitting behind Carolyn, pulled her back between his legs. Reaching around her body, Ron began to rub and caress Carolyn's swollen breasts with one hand while gently probing in her cunt with the fingers of the other.

As he fondled Carolyn and watched Odell eat Joyce, Ron's cock began hardening and growing, running up Carolyn's back. As it began throbbing with passion, Ron started hunching his hips and sliding his rock hard prong on Carolyn's spine.

Pressing back against the red hot poker on her back, Carolyn lifted her hips so Ron could slide his greedy fingers further into her honey box.

"Oh God, that feels good" she crooned as she twitched her pussy muscles around Ron's fingers.

"Sonofabitch!" Joyce exclaimed thrusting her golden cunt on the stiff tongue that was working in it. Pulling Odell's face even closer to her crotch, she twisted and wiggled her ass to get all the tongue he had.

As Joyce was humping his face with her twat, Odell began to run his hand over his stiff prod. Unable to constrain himself he started jacking off as he licked and sucked all the goodies from Joyce's slit, with a huge eruption Odell shot his wad of cum into the air splattering it across Joyce's ass.

When Odell shot his wad, his wife Carolyn groaned, turned over on her back and pulled Ron up between her quivering thighs. Raising her legs over Ron's shoulders she reached between her legs, got Ron's rock hard pecker and ran the swollen head through her cunt hair and around her clit. Easing the head of Ron's dick into her hot slippery cunt, Carolyn grabbed his ass and pulled him into her.

As Ron's cock slid to the bottom of her hot little box Carolyn groaned "Oh shit, I love that dick. God, I love to fuck. Please give it to me, PLEASE."

As Joyce felt Odell's gob of cum splatter her ass, she slowly removed her pussy from his mouth and pushing him onto his back, slid down his body until she could take his still jerking meat into her mouth. As she licked and sucked on his prick it began to grow larger in her mouth, swelling until it reached it's full 10 inches in length. Sliding her lips down the shaft of Odell's dick Joyce licked his swollen balls and gently took them into her mouth, rolling them around with her tongue while running her fingers around the head of his dick.

As Odell moaned and twisted his hips, his swollen prick jerking in the air, Joyce raised up and straddling his rock hard member, lowered her burning cunt over it.

As he entered Joyce's slit. Odell pulled her down to him and taking a titty in his mouth began to suck and nibble on her stiff nipple while pouring his meat to her cunt.

While his wife was getting the meat put to her by Odell, Ron still had Carolyn's ass in the air, with her legs over his shoulders and one of her tits in each hand. As he squeezed her tits, rolling her nipples around, he was slamming his dick into her pussy so hard Carolyn would grunt with passion and slide on the carpet every time he stroked her.

"Give me more, give me some more dick!" Carolyn pleaded as she bucked and rolled her ass. "OH FUCK!" Ron shouted as he ran his prick to the bottom of Carolyn's box stiffened, squeezed her tits with both hands and shot a load of cum into Carolyn's cunt from his jerking prick.

As Ron shot his wad, with his quivering prick in her pussy, Carolyn with a long groan, began to wildly shake her ass and contract her pussy around his stiff prick.

"Oh shit, I'm cuming, I'm cuming!" she exclaimed as she pulled Ron down to her mouth. Running her tongue into Ron's mouth she passionately kissed him as her orgasm roared to a climax.

Hearing Carolyn as she was cuming, Joyce worked her twat on Odell's big pole in ever faster circles until with a loud gasp she jerked her burning ass down, burying Odell's dick to the root as her hot slippery cunt contracted, spasmed and began to violently twitch.

Deep in the throes of an orgasm Joyce was slowly grinding her hips on Odell's groin when with a loud "AAAHHH SSSHHIT" Odell began to frantically pump his pulsating prick into her slit.

With a huge eruption Odell's dick jerked, spouted and shot his load of cum up into Joyce's tight pulsating twat. As her cunt contracted and squeezed the last drop of cum from his dick Joyce dropped onto Odell's chest and rolling to his side took his dick into her mouth and began to suck the cum from it.

As Joyce cleaned Odell's prick both Ron and Carolyn moved into place with Ron sliding is head between Joyce's thighs and tonguing her slit sucking up Odell's cum . Carolyn slid her cunt into Odell's face and then took Ron's prick and running her tongue around the shaft and over the head lovingly sucked the juice from it.

Raising her head from Odell's dick and temporarily breaking the daisy chain, Joyce said "See, Assholes, it would be much better if you wait for me next time." 

THE END