 This is my recollection of my last encounter with two local twins when I was at college. I wrote about my eye-opening first night with Caroline and Penny in the recent submission 'Screwing Those Sexy Twins', Group sex category. 

Thanks to all who enjoyed; I promised I'd get the rest of those fun girls in writing for you to read. After our drunken carnal adventures in the late summer, I went back to college a happy boy, with more than enough hot memories to stoke me up for the terms ahead. I never came across the twins again until the first heat of the following year. I was home for Easter break; spring break to many of you. Where we stayed was coastal and if there was to be any good weather, out town got a good hit early. So it was that year when April enjoyed a mini-heatwave and the graduates came out to party.

My first weekend back, my sister, who was finishing up at high school, persuaded me to accompany her to the small beach just out of town, frequented mostly by high school seniors and college folk like myself. There was a car park which doubled up as picnic area amongst light woods which then broke onto some high dunes and eventually the nicest strip of sand in the area. An impromptu party/barbecue was being held. I was mainly there because my sister needed someone to drive her out. I didn't really know anyone particularly well because I was first back home of my regular cronies, so I just sort of hung out amongst a fair number of familiar faces from school and college.

There was a lot of food, beer and banter. Plus the added pleasant sight of dozens of nubile chicks wearing very little, bikinis only for many. Honestly, the damn twins hadn't even crossed my mind. I hadn't seen either of them since that night after their 18th birthday celebrations. My sis had made no mention of them going and when we arrived there were only two of her regular posse of girlfriends there, and neither were any favourite of mine. So I mingled, enjoying a bit of seniority as a college boy amongst many younger, fielding a few tentative questions about upcoming university placements and general 'grown-up' student life. I'd just filtered out of a conversation with a group of lads when my ass got pinched. I spun round and discovered the beaming white smile of Penny, the party girl of the twins gazing up at me. Those lovely eyes gleamed with a spark of naughtiness under her short blonde bob as she kissed me on the cheek then lightly on the lips. I tasted alcohol -- some alcopops fruit concoction so favoured by the ladies.

"Penny, you're tipsy", I smiled, half-cut myself on a few beers and a flood of memories deluging my racing mind, not to mention my groin. I was thankful I had jeans on. Penny was demurely dressed, for her, I thought -- white mini skirt, spangly crossover top that accentuated the ripe protrusion of those tempting B-cup breasts. I liked the way they shifted under the thin material, flitting shadowy bumps of puckered nipples. She blabbed some flighty smalltalk for a while but there was always an undercurrent of unspoken memories of that sizzling mad night. Somewhere along the line between more drinks getting passed out and chatting with others, Penny had a hold of my hand and was giving it warm little squeezes; not to mention pressing her tall, beautifully-formed body closer to mine.

Eventually, at the height of the partying, as tunes boomed out in the still, warm air, I asked after Caroline. Penny faced me with a mock-stern frown on her lovely tanned face. She tutted and said she "had a bone to pick with me." She then playfully scolded me for 'corrupting' her twin sister and costing her some of the 'limelight'. I laughed and asked if she now had to share the guys at parties with Caroline? She shook her head. "No, no, Caroline's still about as much of a wallflower as ever when it comes to clubbing or parties. But, it's just that after. . Y'know, our fun night. Well, she kind of goes after what she wants more, y'know?" No, I didn't know. "What, she's stealing your boyfriends," I said with a petted lip. Penny punched my arm. "No, cheeky. I mean she's not wasting time getting what she wants. . .Sort of more. . .aggressive. And getting a rep, y'know?"

"Screwing around? Caroline? No way. . ." I just couldn't imagine the shy but gorgeous wallflower turning into some crazy party slut as a result of one night. I mean, Penny was a fun girl but no wild tramp. Respectable enough and hot, yes. "Not screwing about. No. Not exactly," Penny said thoughtfully, leaving me more confused. "She's, well, intelligent, and now she's got a sort of confidence that she's using for. . .Well, fun. . ." I giggled, a bit drunk and still confused. So I was in a perfect mood to chance my arm: "So she might be up for another fun night tonight? She around.?" Penny smiled, said, "Oh, she's around. Specifically, she's got her eye on a couple of targets and she'll be pursuing them with vigour." "Ha, you make it sound like a military manoeuvre." Penny kinked her hip as she placed on hand at her waist and pursed her lips. She quickly glanced around. "I think I could show you, Andy. If you're not too shy. . ." "Very funny." "Come on then. . ." She offered her hand with a mysterious smile, so I gladly took it and was led away from the buzz of the party, through the thin trees. 

We traipsed over the solid ground until the rise of the sands, and underfoot became shifting and unsteady. Penny drifted around the side of a high dune just beyond the treeline, taking me amongst a mass of skeletal, sparsely green, beach shrubbery. The shade was quite welcome as we ducked into the canopy offered by the bushes. "What's this, then -- desert storm," I asked her under the moderate camouflage. She just grinned gamely and wrapped her arms around me, not a molecule of sunny air to keep that hot firm body from pushing against mine. She kissed me long and deep, more than enough to get me rock hard and to feel her squirm. She broke off and said in a breath, "If you're going to see anything, we'll see it here. . .Meantime we can make some fun. . ."

It was difficult to form a question in reply, or even a coherent thought, because Penny stepped away from me in the warm shade and very delicately, very sexily, reached up under her short white skirt and slipped down a pair of small lacy panties. Just as she'd done those months ago at my house. I watched the light, patterned skimpy material slide off those long tan legs. Penny lifted them to my face, stepping towards me with a devilish grin. I inhaled a sweet musk then found her kiss wet and hot and urgent. She wasted no time, as I'd known previously, one hand feeling for my dick, the other squeezing my ass. I was all over her, too, fondling those firm titties over her top, enjoying the tease of running my palm all the way up her smooth thigh, right under her skirt up to the waistband, knowing either side of her warm hip there was an unfettered ass cheek or gloriously bared hot pussy awaiting my touch. I let my hand slide round to cup and squeeze her ass in time to her manipulations of my own butt. Then I added my other hand; a cheek in each palm. Heaven.

She swore with lust, nibbled at my neck and ear. I was watching the suns rays splinter through the mesh of bushes with a big grin cracking my face. Shit, I loved the spring. . .The Penny was down lower, panting. Her taut ass slipped from my grasp, only a momentary disappointment because she was unbuttoning my jeans, crouching, her hands scrabbling for my more than eager cock. And how she got it; firm grasp, pumping it in her soft hand, weighing up my balls with her other, cooing as she watched with big bright eyes in the shadows. I could have shot there and then, but I forced myself to endure. Penny swallowed my shaft in her warm wet cavern of a luscious mouth. I luxuriated in her gorgeous pouting lips sliding along my dick like melted chocolate. And just as sweet.

I absently ran my fingers through her hair. I heard a muffled, "Yes." I tugged her head back gently, looking down. She stopped sucking me for just a second, looked up with lustful eyes and panted, "Yes. Please, pull my hair. Pull me off your cock. . ." A bit bewildered, with a fair degree of amusement I grasped her hair at the back of her head and again tugged her away gently. This time she resisted, keeping her mouth on my cock. She moaned. I saw her slip a hand under her skirt. I tugged again. She was pulled right off. Again, a lustful moan and she clamped back on, sucking wildly. I'd never come across that. Never have since. A kind of cock worship/begging thing. The more I pulled her off -- and sometimes wincing myself in case I tugged her beautiful head too hard -- the more she got off on it, slobbering over my cock, gagging to get her mouth back around my bulb. All the time, she got louder, groaning, frigging her crotch. I was determined to prolong the fun. I felt a bit of a rush and managed to stop my now very sensitive cock from blowing. But a little more precum escaped and some jizz -- just a little. But Penny noticed, lapped at it, told me to give her it, "More. . ."

That was my cue to stop and get her to her feet. Gave me a few seconds to gather myself and to focus on the full banquet available. She was horned up like crazy, though and no sooner was she up than she was untying and tossing aside her own top, lifting my T-shirt to press her incredibly hot and hard nipples against my chest. I staggered a bit, managed to keep my balance, ran my delighted fingers all over her silky torso and felt those gorgeous tits. Then a hand under that skirt again. This time, straight to her groin. And there a sensation of perfect paradise. A sheer, bare mound and a hot wet cleft running with juices, my fingers delving, parting, sinking into a boiling, sopping pussy; Penny trying to sink down on my digits as three penetrated her. Suddenly she was shaking all over, grinding her pussy on my hand, grunting in my ear, gasping, squealing; cumming like a train, fondling my balls. She threw her head back as her body shuddered and sagged, panting, "Oh fuck, fuck. . .Oh. . ." Then a wonderfully sexy look. "Oh, wow, Andy. I waited for that."

Good for her. I was still waiting. Cock like a diamond-hammer. Her delicate fingers encircled me again. She lifted her skirt to show me her shaven, dripping cunt. Her groin and thighs glistened with her juice. She drew my cock to her gently while she used two fingers to tug and pull and wank her fleshy clit hood, pulling her outer labia apart to reveal her crinkly inner lips swollen with lust and shining pink. Then she raised herself up on tiptoes and that was enough height to let my cockhead slide right along that slick cleft. An intense sensation. She hung onto my neck and built up a rhythm. I resisted the urge to thrust up and penetrate. Just. I wanted to feel her get off on this sliding motion. Then, as her gasps grew desperate again, sudden noise from outwith our secret den caused us to halt.

Laughter. Hushed voices. Male and female. I thought we were discovered. I squinted out. Penny put a finger to my lips. To hush me, yes, but it also smelled and tasted of her pussy. It distracted me. She drew me down into a crouch with her. My damn dick protested the interruption. But there was movement a few yards from us, someone coming round the side of the dune, taking up position within the cover of the three high banks of sand which were right in front of our cluster of bushes. A girl, her back to us, bikini-clad, luring a couple of grinning lads into what they assumed was shelter from prying eyes at the barbecue.

It only took me a few seconds to realise it was Caroline. Breathtakingly so. Wallflower, yes, but when she made an effort --as I'd been lucky enough to find out before -- she was stunning. And there in the dunes, under a lovely warm sun she could never have looked better. She ended up spinning the two guys round so they were three-quarters turned away from us. This meant Penny and I could only see their backs and part of a side, but that her twin faced us and the guys almost full-on.

At first I wondered if Caroline could see us. But Penny's wink and gesture to shush confirmed my own thoughts: we were well hidden in the bushes and strong shadow. Caroline only had eyes for the two boys however. I knew one as Carlton -- to join my college later that year -- but the other, who Caroline addressed as Mike, must have been some high school senior she knew. What she actually said was, "Well Mike. Do you think you have the balls to follow up your talk?"

Penny giggled quietly, answered my enquiring look with, "I told you she was aggressive now. I hope you're not going to be shocked at my twin's new bravado." Then she took hold of my flagging cock, causing it too stiffen in her hand. In the crouch we had assumed, her sweet sex was splayed wide open, highly aroused and still running freely with lovejuice. Her inner labia protruded past her spread outer lips and I felt them as slick as ice against my fingers, and as hot as the sun's heart. "Watch," she whispered nodding towards her twin, and shuddered with lust as I fingered her gently. Penny let her fingers play all over my cock and balls like a sculptress moulding clay and I cast my gaze out into the pocket of the dune.

Caroline had adopted a stance that all men know and love -- legs shoulder width apart, hands on hips, amazing chest thrust high and forward in her tremendous white bikini. She reminded me instantly of Raquel Welch, the 60s actress from the old dinosaur movie 'One Million Years B.C' the way she looked with her long strawberry blonde hair now a shade darker, and straightened from the curls I'd known so that it fell about her shoulders in waves. Statuesque, powerful, ultimately feminine. Gorgeous.

And the two boys knew it as much as Caroline seemed to. They regarded her with no little awe - whatever bravado had preceded this dissipated with the intimacy of the situation and her overpoweringly sexual presence. The quiet twin; her female prowess discovered it seemed. Now I knew what Penny had meant. It only remained to see how far Caroline was now taking it. . . "Come on," Caroline said. "Both of you -- Let me see." The boys looked sheepishly at each other. Carlton shrugged, unfastened his jeans, pushed them slightly down. Mike had shorts on. He appeared hesitant, then with a sharp tug, had then at the top of his thighs. Beside me, Penny breathed a little harder, moved across me to get a view of the guys' dicks and balls, freed for Caroline's inspection. From my angle, both looked to be semi-erect. Mike's cock regular enough but Carlton's was long; not fat but a slim length that lolled out an extra few inches than your average bloke. Penny gave a small gasp of delight. She grabbed my cock firmly and squeezed and gently wanked me. I flitted my fingers fast over her swollen clit, enjoying the excess juices pouring from her hole. I wondered how long she could contain herself.

Caroline regarded the display of genitals with something approaching hunger -- a spike of heat shot through me at her eyes blazing with desire. She said in a husky voice, "Why don't you get them right up for me?" Carlton dropped a hand to his dick, grinned, and demanded, "Hey, we're keeping our promise, right? So how about you give us something to get them up for. . ."

My thoughts exactly. Mike nodded too, that long prong of his rising some more. Caroline smiled -- like this was what she had wanted. I had no doubts this passive wallflower was enjoying living out this fantasy of hers. I wondered how many times she'd pulled stunts like this since I had 'corrupted' her?

The notion didn't last long as Caroline's pneumatic body caught all my attention. She deftly flicked at the front of her bikini top and as the hot sun beat down and the sands around shone golden, so too did Caroline's own full golden globes as they were released for all to see. Buoyant, tipped by those big raw nipples that appeared derived from every image of erotica ever known. They stuck out a good half-inch from raised aureole and Caroline caressed both thick stubs with her long fingers and rose-varnished nails. The guys both manipulated their dicks under Caroline's gaze. She smiled and her pouting mouth beamed a white flash of approval.

Then Caroline crouched, leaned back placing one hand on the sands to steady herself, allowing her hips to be thrust forward and lifted up. Her flat toned torso and belly looked utterly perfect - a smooth tan plane of mouthwatering flesh below two firm heaving breasts crowned by the taut white bikini bottoms. Caroline raised her abdomen, her long sleek thighs toned to Amazonian perfection and parting to reveal a camel-toe of breathtaking awe. She said hoarsely, "Come closer boys." They shuffled either side of her, cocks at full mast, each eating up Caroline's incredible form with avid gazes. She tossed her glorious shining mane and rubbed a hand over her crotch, looking between the boys.

Penny squirmed on my fingers. I let two slip up her soaking cunt, felt her convulse in a mini-orgasm. She had a clear view of the guys' equipment now and it was driving her wild. Carlton had the biggest pair of hanging balls I think I've ever seen to go with his telescopic cock. They looked uncomfortably loose but that was just a lustful sight to the girls. Caroline used her free hand to fondle them, cooing her appreciation. Carlton shut his eyes and jerked his dick. "That's it. Yes. I want you both to jerk-off on me," Caroline said breathlessly.

Mike grimaced as his dick grew to full thickness in his fist. He was looking right at Caroline's bikini-clad mound as he asked, "Can't we fuck you, Caroline? Go on -- it'll be awesome." She momentarily glanced between both cocks. I thought she was definitely going to go for it. Then she gave a fast little shake of her head, gnawing her lip, said, "No. no, I can't. . .But I want you to cum for me. I need you to cum because of me, Mike. . ."

Then she tugged her bikini crotch aside, baring her clean-shaven undercarriage to all our gazes. Raised up, the sun lit a glistening crack. Caroline's meaty outer labia swollen and shining with moisture, her inner lips aroused beyond modesty, wet and loose flaps peeled open to reveal a hint of deep pink lust. Then she sawed at her nub of a clit with straight fingers, delving between her cunt lips with great sighs of pleasure. "Oh, shit," exclaimed Carlton and beat his long schlong for all he was worth. My sentiments exactly, and I luxuriated in Penny's manipulations while she lay her head on my shoulder and came with hot breath on my cheek and hot pussy squeezing my probing fingers as she watched the two guys masturbate over her twin sister.

Caroline's galvanising face became frantic with arousal; I sensed she was nearing the point of no return. She shifted her gaze between the boys' cocks, frigging her pussy faster. Then, at just the point she might've cum, she lunged forward onto her knees, untied her bikini one side, pulled it right off briskly, letting the white wet patch fall down her long thigh to the sands. She knelt up, gloriously naked, bouncing tits putting us guys all in a trance. Her pussy, previously crowned by a triangular bush of dark-brown curls was trimmed to a short landing strip above those smooth lips. Mike and Carlton took their chance to lean down slightly and grab a handful of firm tit flesh each. 

Caroline, lost in her lust which had so thrilled me all those months ago, knew exactly what she wanted -- a cock in each hand and four balls to feel. She did both, lustfully examining each set of genitals, actually licking and sucking both boys cocks in turn, then briefly doing the same to their balls which blew my mind. I was desperate to screw Penny, who was on a real orgasmic plateau, to paraphrase feminist-speak for horny as fuck.
