 "Hey, Jill, let's shower and then go over to Joan's party for awhile. My pussy and ass need a short break before I'm ready for any more action. Joan's parties have been know to get raunchy when her parents are gone so it might be fun. Besides, I need to find a way to get even with her for stealing Brad before I had a chance to fuck him."

Joan was a cheerleader that had graduated the previous year and went to a local college. Jill and Shelia showed up wearing tight shorts and white T-shirts with no bra. They put on enough make-up to give them that "I want to be fucked" look. The party was just picking up when they arrived at ten-thirty. They recognized a few seniors from school, but most of them Jill and Shelia didn't know. Joan told them they were from her the college.

"Hey look, there's Alan, the nerdy little bookworm that went to our school last year. What's he doing here," asked Shelia.

"He's a nice guy. I think he lives next door. And I think this is going to be his lucky night," replied Jill walking over to him.

Shelia watched Jill working hard to get the shy kid to respond and thought Jill's reading palm act was brilliant. She went in search of her own entertainment and saw Brad. Apparently he was still Joan's steady boyfriend. Now that would be a challenge she thought, but well worth it. But first she would warm up with a few other guys from the local college standing around the kitchen. They looked both innocent and horny.

Shelia walked up to the four guys in the kitchen and used the "how do you know Joanie" line. After a few minutes of getting to know each other, they started telling dirty jokes. When it was Shelia's turn she told a joke about butt fucking and then another about cum swallowing. The bulges forming in their pants told her all she needed to know.

"God, these jokes have me all steamy. I'm going out back to scratch an itch and work off some of this steam. Anyone care to join me."

All four followed her out. When they were inside the tree line behind the pool, she pulled off her shorts and began rubbing her cunt.

"Any of you boys feel like eating a little pussy?"

The shorter of the boys dropped to his knees. She pushed him onto his back then squatted down on his face mashing her pussy hard against his open mouth. She moaned at the feel of his tongue probing her steamy box.

"Hey, boys, how about feeding this hungry mouth some cock?"

The other three quickly had their erect members swaying in front of her face. She was surprised at how well endowed they all were. She went back and forth sucking one and stroking two, working them each deeper and deeper into her throat. The tongue in her cunt was getting her hotter and hotter. When he started flicking it over her clit and shoved two fingers up her steamy hole, Shelia lost it. With a cock buried deep in her throat, she choked a muffled scream as her whole body began to shake with orgasm. The little dude below her quickly lapped up the juices pouring from her cunt.

The guy in her throat, feeling the vibrations of her muffled groans against his cock, felt his balls suddenly fill. He grabbed the back of Shelia's head, let out a deep grunt and blasted a powerful jet of cum into her belly. Shelia, unable to hold him in her mouth because of her own orgasm, pulled him out getting a second blast onto her tongue, across her lips and up her nose. His third blast caught her in the eye, then splashed across her forehead and into her hair. 

By the time Shelia's orgasm was finished, her face was covered in cum which was drooling onto her blouse.

"Wow. That was incredible. Let's see if your cock is as good as your tongue."

The little dude unzipped and pulled out a thick 8 incher. Squatting over it, Shelia worked the tip into her pussy, then slowly sank down on the entire length. He started thrusting into her in rhythm with her up and down movements. She began sucking the two unspent cocks as her pussy was getting pounded by the one below her. Then she felt Shorty's cock swell inside her and his seed blast into her womb. 

When he was finished, she climbed off dripping cum onto his thighs as she stood. Wrapping a leg around one of the two remaining unsatisfied boys, she shoved his hard cock into her sloppy pussy. He grabbed her ass and pulled her up onto him as he stood there. Then, using the cum running down her leg as lubricant, she guided the other cock to her asshole. They pounded her pussy and ass for several minutes until she started cumming again. Shortly thereafter, they spayed their seed inside her within seconds of each other. 

Back in the house Jill's plan was working smoothly. She got Alan talking and laughing with a palm reading act that predicted his sex life was about to change dramatically. Then she pretended to lose her balance and pulled his palm against her tit and held it there as she righted herself.

"See, it's getting better already," Jill teased as Alan turned bright red. "But look what you did to my nipples. I can't walk around like this."

Jill pulled her T-shirt tight across her tits to show the erect nipples poking out. Alan was trying to hide a growing bulge in his pants.

"I see you have a similar problem. We'd better go someplace more private until we're in a better condition to socialize."

Jill grabbed his hand and led him through the kitchen and down into the basement rec room. The lights were dim, but once their eyes adjusted they could see five couples scattered about on the couch and floor in various stages of foreplay. Two girls were jacking off they guys they were with. Two others were administering blow jobs on their partners. A girl on the couch had her shorts and panties on the floor with her partner's head buried between her legs. No one seemed to be paying much attention to what anyone else was doing.

"Alan, I think we hit the jackpot. There's a nice quite little corner over there behind the pool table where no one will notice us."

Jill was gentle with Alan. Once they were seated comfortably Jill told a few off color jokes. Jill watched the guy eating the girl on the couch move up and put his cock in her pussy. She couldn't help but reach down between her legs to rub her own pussy.

"God, Alan, I can't stand it anymore. Watching that girl getting fucked has got me so hot. Here, help me…. please."

Jill unzipped her shorts, then grabbed Alan's hand and guided it over her bush to the hot folds of her pussy. She guided the movement of his fingers showing him where to rub. Then she let go, telling him to keep doing it.

"Oh God, that's it… right there… uuuuhhhhh… faster… aaaaahhh…"

Jill pulled her T-shirt up over her tits and started pinching her nipples. She turned towards Alan and gently pulled his mouth to her nipple. Jill worked her shorts over her ass and was finally able to free one leg. She spread her legs wide to give Alan better access. He began ramming two fingers into her. Jill undid his pants and gasped when a fully erect twelve inch cock popped out. She just had to have it and immediately stuffed it between her lips. She started to work it down her throat but it was just too big.

Poor Alan didn't have a chance. This was a new sensation for him, so after about thirty seconds he blasted his seed against the back of her throat. Jill wasn't expecting it and gagged, causing cum to pour from her lips back down over his cock. Blast after blast of cum flooded her mouth. She finally regained control and was able to swallow the rest which seemed to never stop. Then she cleaned his cock and balls licking up as much cum as she could find.

Alan was still hard which was good because Jill desperately need a cock in her cunt. She swung her leg over his lap and squatted above him. She then placed the tip of his cock into her cunt and slowly impaled herself. She lifted up and squatted down, working him an inch at a time until he bottomed out inside her. Then she started fucking him like crazy. Her orgasm started about thirty seconds later. If there had been any doubt what they were doing in that corner, her uncontrollable gasps and shrieks let the whole basement in on it. This went on for several minutes until she felt Alan's cock swell and unleash a torrent of cum which splashed against the walls of her cunt and leaked back out down his cock and balls as he continued to overfill her womb.

Jill held him in her cunt which twitched against his cock with post orgasmic spasms. She couldn't believe that he was still hard and showed no signs of going limp. Then he started thrusting into her again and she knew he wanted more. She lifted off him, leaned over the pool table and motioned for him to enter from the rear. Alan was a little hesitant because now the whole room, which had continued to fill with bodies, could see what they were doing. Fortunately, most of them were preoccupied and several were quietly fucking either in a sleeping bag or under a blanket.

Alan pressed up behind her trying to stab at her pussy. Jill reached between her legs and guided him into her sloppy cunt and pulled his hands to her tits. He slid in easily and began hammering her, making wet slapping sounds against her slimy ass. Jill was groaning with pleasure from the feeling of his huge cock buried deep inside her cunt. They went at it like this for several more minutes until Jill started cumming. She grabbed the sides of the pool table and squealed with pleasure as her whole body began trembling. Over the next several minutes she seemed to go from one orgasm to the next.

Alan was a little uncomfortable because half the room now seemed to be watching. Then he realized that he was getting more excited because of it. He picked up the pace and began slamming hard and fast into Jill's cunt. She was already out of control and barely noticed when Alan's cock swelled inside her. She did feel the warm jets of cum blasting the walls of her cunt and shuddered with one last orgasm before collapsing face down on the pool table.

One of the guys who had been getting a blow job on the couch walked up to Alan as he was zipping up.

"Hey, the blonde over there fingering herself on the couch wants a go at your woody, and I'd like to do this hot little number here, so why don't we trade."

Alan shrugged his shoulders and walked over to the blonde who quickly unzipped him and sucked his cock into her mouth. The guy behind Jill looked at her soaked cunt which was leaking cum that streaked down her legs. He pulled out his smaller but ample cock and slipped it into her well fucked pussy. Jill moaned acknowledgment. He hammered her for about a minute, then dumped his load in her cunt.

Jill looked behind her and saw three more guys lined up for a turn. She dropped to the floor and began sucking and stroking their cocks. When they were ready, she had the well endowed one lie on the floor. She mounted him, then had the second get behind her and shove his cock up her ass. The third she took in the mouth. Several more guys showed up and she just rotated them in when someone finished cumming in her. She lost track of how many she took on, but she was sure she recognized a few faces from school and several who showed up more than once. She was doing four and sometimes five at a time. Most of the guys came inside her. She felt like she swallowed a gallon of cum. But some wanted to blast her face, tits, pussy, ass and various other parts of her body.

Outside Shelia thanked the boys for helping "scratch her itch", then headed back to the house to clean up. She went in search of Jill and finally found her downstairs in the middle of a fuckfest. She decided to let Jill finish her fun and went in search of Brad thinking she would like nothing better than a revenge fuck with Joan's boyfriend. She found Brad standing with Rocky and Josh and their dates, Cathy and Anna. Joan was off being a good hostess. Perfect time to make a move, she thought.

"Hey guys. Let's get this party moving. You don't look like you're having enough fun."

"Nah. Things won't pick up til later when everyone's shitfaced."

"Then how about a game of dare. In the study. Bring a bottle of tequila and some beer."

"Sure, why not," replied Rocky, "it's a good way to loosen up. You girls ever play?"

They shook their heads no, so Rocky explained the rules.

"We each pick a card. The high card gets to put a dare on the low card. If the low card carries out the dare then they become the high card for the next round. If not, or if the group doesn't think they have lived up to the dare, then they have to down a shot of tequila chased with a swig of beer."

In the first round Josh got the high card and Anna got the low card. He made her remove her bra. We all made fun of the hard nipples poking through her cotton top. The second round Shelia got the low card and Anna made her tell a dirty joke. Shelia made sure it was extremely dirty and graphic. Rocco got the next low card and Shelia asked him to explain in detail his wildest sexual experience. This was a set up because Shelia had dated him a few times and each time they had fucked each other silly. He smiled at her, then proceeded to describe this incredible sexual encounter in the back of his car where he came four times in two hours. He did leave out the names, but Shelia could feel her pussy getting wet as she remembered the experience.

The game continued with the dares getting bolder each time. Cathy was already drunk from losing twice in a row, the first for only superficially performing oral sex on a banana covered with a condom (Anna passed with flying colors and Shelia deep-throated it to everyone's amazement), and the second for an overly inhibited imitation of an orgasm. It wasn't long before Anna and Shelia were topless, wearing only panties. The guys were down to their briefs which did little to hide the hard-ons they were sporting.

Cathy lost again and was forced to take off her top, and then again, but rather than remove her panties she took two shots and chased them with a full beer. The shy and innocent Cathy was feeling no pain. Cathy lost again and Josh dared her to do a lap dance on Rocco. This time her inhibitions were gone. She started with a sexy bump and grind, running her hands up her sides then over her tits, massaging the nipples while she licked her lips. She straddled Rocco's legs with her back to him, leaned forward with her hands on her knees and gyrated her ass towards his face. Her nicely formed tits were swaying freely until she moved a hand up and began squeezing them. She slowly lowered herself onto his lap, grinding her ass and pussy against the bulge in his briefs.

Cathy spun around to face him, putting her arms around his neck and looking him right in the eye. She straddled his lap and was grinding her pussy into him, working up his body until her panty-covered pussy was positioned against the tip of his cock, which was now poking out of the top of his briefs. The tip actually disappeared as it pushed the crotch of her thin panties up into her cunt, then slipped around the side of her panties and slid into her pussy. Cathy gasped as she pushed down against him driving him deeper into her fuck hole. Then she started fucking Rocco right there in front of everyone else.

Anna, encouraged by Cathy's activity, backed into Josh and rubbed her ass against his cock. He reached around to squeeze her tits and pinch her nipples. She leaned her head back and they started tongue kissing. Josh shoved a hand into her panties and began fingering her cunt. Anna started fucking his hand, then reached behind and wrapped her fingers around his cock. Josh couldn't take it anymore. He leaned her over the side of the couch, pulled the crotch of her panties aside and shoved his cock into her dripping pussy.

Shelia, who was sitting on the couch, found Anna's face inches from her tit. Shelia pushed her nipple towards Anna's mouth. Anna opened her lips and gently sucked it in, flicking her tongue against the hard tip. Shelia reached under Anna and began caressing her tits hanging from her torso as she was getting dog fucked from behind. Shelia slid down on the couch and pulled Anna's lips to hers. Anna opened her mouth and their tongues met, softly flicking against each other.

Shelia slid under Anna sucking her nipples while squeezing her tits. Anna did the same to Shelia from on top. Brad, who had been watching all this with a raging hard-on, pulled Shelia's panties down. Anna climbed onto the arm of the couch with Josh's cock still embedded in her pussy. Shelia slid all the way under Anna until she was staring at Josh's cock moving in and out of Anna's cunt. She lifted her face and flicked her tongue over Anna's clit. Anna lowered her face and clamped her mouth over Shelia's pussy, shoving her tongue up Shelia's cunt.

Brad climbed up on the couch and kneeled between Shelia's spread legs, pushing them back. He shoved his throbbing ten inch cock past Anna's lips and deep into Shelia's steamy pussy. Both girls were now getting fucked while licking each other's dripping cunts. Occasionally one of the would pull the cock from the other's pussy and suck it clean before shoving it back. Anna was the first to cum, shrieking out loud as her pussy gushed all over Shelia's face. Then Shelia started cumming all over Brad's cock. Anna licked the juices from his cock as it slid in and out of Shelia's gushing cunt. Finally Anna took him into her mouth and down her throat, sucking him clean of Shelia's cum.

Brad couldn't take it anymore. His balls shrunk, his cock swelled and he roared out loud. A stream of hot love juice blasted down Anna's throat. She gagged, pulling him from her mouth and getting a second blast in the face. She shoved his cock back into Shelia's cunt where he pumped several more blasts of cum. When he was finished Anna pulled him out and licked him clean. Then she put her mouth back over Shelia's cunt and sucked the mixture of cum and cunt juice from her pussy.

Just as Brad was pulling out of Shelia, Josh started cumming in Anna's steamy fuck hole. His balls kept pumping stream after stream of cum until it started to leak out and drip onto Shelia's face. She quickly licked it up, then pulled his cock from Anna's cunt and sucked it down her throat swallowing the last few drops of cum and licking it clean. Then she pulled Anna's cunt to her face and sucked Josh's cream from her honey pot. The two girls continued licking and sucking each other's cum drenched cunts until they each had another orgasm.

When Shelia finally came up for air she saw Cathy on her knees in front of Brad and Josh sucking them both back to hardness. Rocco sat down between Anna and Shelia who quickly attacked his cock with their eager mouths. It wasn't long before Cathy was getting double fucked in the mouth and cunt while Rocco had one girl riding his cock and the other sitting on his face. The fuckfest continued with different cocks getting shoved into different holes. Cathy seemed to be in a continual state of orgasm and had a hard time keeping a cock in her mouth. Anna and Shelia were tongue kissing and squeezing each other's tits while alternately riding Rocco's cock and tongue.

Brad and Josh grunted hard within seconds of each other filling Cathy's mouth and pussy full of sperm. Shelia climbed off Rocco's cock just before he came, clamped her lips around his slimy shaft and felt his warm cum start spraying into her mouth. When he was finished, Shelia stood with a mouthful of cock cream dripping from her lips and stood over Anna who was still squirming on Rocco's tongue. Anna leaned her head back and opened her mouth. Shelia let cum drool from her lips into Anna's mouth, accidentally dripping some onto her nose and cheek in the process. Their lips met and their shared Rocco's seed, savoring it until they had swallowed it all.

Shelia moved over to Cathy and began licking her cunt. Cathy was really out of it. She just spread her legs to let Shelia's tongue do its thing. Anna swung her leg over Cathy's head, lowering her cunt onto her face in a sixty-nine position. She then assisted Shelia with her cunt licking duties, occasionally breaking to tongue kiss Shelia and share the cum Shelia had sucked from Cathy's steamy fuck hole. Cathy slowly began to lick and suck Annas's cunt, tentatively at first, then more aggressively. The boys were hard again from watching the girls. Rocco lubed up Anna's ass, spread her cheeks and plunged his cock into her butthole. Shelia motioned for Josh to get under her, quickly shoved his cock up her cunt, then told Brad to fuck her ass. After bringing Anna to two explosive orgasm, Rocco pulled his cock from her ass and shoved it into Cathy's mouth just as he started to cum. He fucked his cock into her mouth and throat until he was finished. When he pulled out Cathy started coughing and gasping for air as the cum drooled from her lips.
