 Being in love with my partner is a wonderful experience in love, but our lovemaking is something that I have never experienced before in my life, there is nothing that we wont do for each other as long as it does not cause any pain and we are both comfortable with the situation. He was the one that encouraged me to fulfill my sexual fantasy of making love to another woman, that I have done several times and I thoroughly love the feel, taste and smell of another woman but now I have decided I want to take this a little further now, and have him join me in yet another wonderful sexual experience and fantasy.

*****************

Paul has a magnificent body for a 41year old, he watches his diet, exercises a lot and it shows, broad shoulders, with a deep chest to match, he has what I like to call a 6 pack stomach with rippling muscles, nice long solid legs and a tight firm butt.

“Come and lay down here between us baby” I said to Paul. Judy and I separated a little to make room for Paul, “OK, lie there and do as we ask, when we ask you honey”, I said to him. Paul’s cock was already rock hard from watching us playing and I could see the pre-cum leaking out from the head of his cock.  I reached over to my bedside drawer of tricks and took out 4 Velcro straps, I passed over a set of straps to Judy and told her to tie his legs to the bedposts and that I will do his hands.  When we were done tying Paul to the bed, I gave him a quick kiss on the lips and he smiled back at me.

I positioned myself over Paul’s face, facing his toes, I sat up on my knees a little to give him plenty of room to do his magic on my pussy, my clit, and my tight asshole. Judy slowly lowered herself down on his cock, and I heard the small intake of breath as she opened her pussy lips and slid down onto his cock letting it sink deep inside her. She immediately started to slowly move up and down, backward and forward rubbing her clit up against his pubic bone.  We were facing each other and I leaned forward a little and kissed Judy then took hold of her breasts, cupping them and feeling the weight of them, they were not too large but beautiful anyway, her nipples were very hard and begging to be sucked and played with.

While Judy was fucking Paul’s cock, Paul was licking and sucking my pussy and clit.  I love the feel of his tongue as he runs it from my clit, into and around my pussy and then down to my ass. I felt Paul push his tongue into my tight ass as far as he could go, then all the way back to and into my pussy. I knew then I was ready to cum again, so I said to Judy “Change places”. Quickly we swapped over and the feeling of his cock sliding into my tight wet pussy was too much for me, as I rocked back and forth and up and down I held onto Judy who was riding Paul’s mouth as furiously as I was riding his cock, we just had to look at each others face to know that we were both on the brink of our orgasms, “Oh fuck now” I breathlessly said to Judy as we both held on to each other. Our orgasms hit, me riding Paul’s cock and Judy riding his tongue, her cum dripping down into his mouth and rolling to the back of his throat. Knowing Paul, he would be lapping it all up as he too loves the taste of a woman cumming in his mouth. We lay still for a few moments catching our breath. I looked over at Paul, he was still smiling and still tied up, “Poor baby” I said “I think you need a little attention as well” I slid off of his cock and went down to the foot of the bed, knelt on my knees in between his spread legs and with my arse high up in the air, I proceeded to suck Paul’s near bursting cock, running my tongue around the tip of the head and slowly licking the sides, tasting my cum and Judy’s juices, it was an exotic cocktail and one that never fails to excite me.

As I was concentrating on Paul’s cock, my hand around the shaft and taking all of him into my mouth, sucking and licking, gently squeezing his tight balls, Judy had gone into my little treasure chest of toys. She found and put on the strap-on. Judy came behind me and slowly inserted the artificial cock into me, filling my tight wet pussy, then began slowly moving in and out. This felt wonderful, me sucking on a cock that was ready to explode and being filled with a cock and also knowing that my strap on has a vibrating bullet in a small internal pouch and knowing Judy she would have that turned up high resting it against her clit.

Paul started to move his hips up and down, I glanced up at his face and I could see he could not hold back much longer. I wanted to suck him dry. I was pushing back against the strap-on that was rubbing up and down against my g spot, my next orgasm approaching quickly, as I moved my mouth up and down faster and faster on Paul, Judy was going faster and faster as well, I could hear her breathing heavily, it seemed like we all wanted to cum at the same time. Paul moaned and bucked his hips up at me and as he did so, I felt the squirt of hot cum hit the back of my throat. I started to swallow with his cock pushed as far down my throat as it would go. I felt my own orgasm starting and as I moaned I furiously sucked harder on his cock wanting all of his cum until he sank back onto the bed. I knew he was depleted so slowly I licked every drop off his cock and around the sides, knowing I didn’t miss anything. Judy was also in the last throes of her orgasm, not only did I know this by her breathing but also the grip she had on my hips was now relaxing.

Totally exhausted, we untied Paul and lay there catching our breath, Paul in the middle and the three of us holding onto each other.

To be continued……………..