 Author's Note: The following story is part of a larger story. This is not the end nor beginning of this work.

*

The first week of Sammy's trip to Texas had, so far, been wonderful. I had delighted in taking her around and showing her the sights. She had come prepared and so far I had taken her to every place she had on her list. Our days were filled with driving around town and showing her what Texas had to offer while our nights had been filled with just as much passion, if not more, as the time I spent in Malta.

Saturday came and I received an email from a friend named Jim. He was a Montana cowboy who had a consulting business that allowed him to travel a lot. He shot me an email letting me know he was in town. I had told Sammy about him even told her about the time Jim and I hooked up. I know it had made her a little jealous but, she was also a very adventurous and sexual person like me. I responded to Jim letting him know Sammy was visiting. She shocked me when she suggested we invite Jim over. I knew what she was thinking and made sure she was serious about it.

"Of course! I would love to see what the competition was like for my Robin."

I smiled at her knowing she knew all about what Jim and I had done. I quickly emailed him and told him to come on over for dinner. I decided to do some grilling and a home cooked meal might add a nice tone to the evening. Jim confirmed he would be there and that he would bring some wine. This was going to be a fun night!

Jim arrived at the house a little early. I had made sure to tell him not to dress fancy. We were going to have a relaxed atmosphere. I am pretty sure he knew what that meant. I greeted him at the door and we walked into the dining room. Sammy was sitting at the table. They exchanged greetings and shook hands. There was an awkward silence between the two. Like to boxers sizing up the other to try and get an edge. Jim spoke and broke the tension. 

"I have to say, Sammy. You are beautiful. I can see why Robin likes you so much. I think I am out of league here!"

They both laughed. I walked into the kitchen to grab the food and put it on the grill. Sammy turned her back to Jim and looked me in the eyes. Her jaw dropped as she gave me the look that told me she had an attraction to this man too. I walked past the duo and headed out the back door. I stopped to yell back to them. 

"You two play nice. I will be right back!"

When I returned they were both sitting at the table and having a casual conversation. I joined them and Jim poured some wine for us. I got up periodically to check on the food. When it was done, we all sat and had a wonderful meal as we chatted and laughed. After dinner, we journeyed into the living room. I had a big, three person couch. Jim sat in the middle with Sammy and me flanking him on either side. I was not sure if it was the fact we were all buzzed from alcohol or just instinct but, Jim lifted his arms. Sammy and I both moved in to cuddle the tall cowboy.

I had turned on some soft music before we had sat down. This was now the only sounds in the room. There was no more talking or joking. Jim began to rub both mine and Sammy's backs. Instinctively I began rubbing my hand on his chest. Sammy quickly followed suit. 

Sammy and I continued to touch our sexy cowboy while he petted us. Our temperature were starting to rise. Our heads were both against Jim's chest. My head was filling quickly with lust. Sammy ran her hand over mine as I moved it over Jim's stomach. Things were about get hot and in a big way. The sounds of heavy breathing mixed into the music. Sammy leaned in and kissed me deeply. I could tell by the way Jim touched us that he was turned on by the sight of these two women making out in his arms. We broke our kiss and one by one we leaned up and kissed the cowboy.

His kisses were much stiffer than Sammy's. There is a big difference between the kisses of a man and the kisses of a woman. Here I was getting both! Back and forth we alternated as Sammy and I kissed Jim. We would take the chance to kiss each other making sure we showed we still loved the other. Our hands roamed both Jim and each other. We were all becoming extremely turned on.

I looked down in Jim's lap and saw he was already getting really hard. Jim was gifted. When he got aroused, it was hard for him to hide it. I knew how big Jim was and how good he was with it. Now, my sexy Maltese princess was going to get a chance to find out. 

I lowered my hand and rub his hardening cock through his pants. He had his lips planted on Sammy's and as I touched him, I could see it had an effect. His kisses turned more urgent as I rubbed him. Sammy was lost in the kisses, enjoying the feeling he was giving her. I grabbed her hand and placed it on his crotch. She immediately broke the kiss.

Her eyes widened and her jaw nearly hit the floor as she felt him through his pants. She smiled at me in astonishment. "You're right Robin, he is big!"

I smiled back at her. "And he isn't even full hard yet!"

Her face flushed as her mind went into a frenzy. She planted yet another kiss on Jim. I decided I had waited long enough. I unzipped Jim's pants and pulled out his almost erect cock. Jim was very big. I wrapped my hand around his throbbing cock and lightly stroked it trying to get it to its full size. It was not long before he was totally erect. Sammy had moved her hand on to his penis as well trying to imagine the sensations this wonderful phallus was going to bring. 

Again she broke their kiss. Her amazement at his size was easy to see. I could tell she was thinking how could I handle this monster. I decided to show her what I had learned. I smiled and winked at her. She watched in amazement as I took the head of this giant sized dick into my mouth. I couldn't take much of Jim. We had tried before with an almost disastrous result. I had learned to take some of him and how to pleasure what I could take. 

I slowly bobbed up and down on him. I swirled my tongue around the head and glands of his cock, feeling it jump in my mouth. His hand made its way up to my neck and began massaging it as I sucked him. I could hear the sounds of Sammy and Jim kissing. His kisses sounded more ferocious as he felt me suck his cock.

Sammy broke their kiss and quickly pulled her top off. She lifted on of her large breasts towards Jim. He latched on to it and began to aggressively suck her nipple. His hand reach for her other exposed breast griping it tightly making is bulge in his hand. Sammy moan loader and louder. Back and forth he switched from on breast to the next leaving his saliva on each as he sucked her nipples until they were red.

Sammy grabbed my head and pulled me up off of Jim. She tugged at my shirt and had it off and tossed to the floor. She stood up and pulled me with her. She quickly pulled my pants and underwear off. I stood naked waiting for what was next. Jim stood up and removed his shirt. His pants fell down around his ankles. He stepped out of them and kicked them off to the side. 

Jim stared at me looking me over. Sammy smiled and nodded to him. With that one act of approval, Jim grabbed me and laid me on my back down on the couch. He spread my legs and began to rub his cock against my waiting opening. Sammy finished striping and slid over me. Her breasts dangled in above my head as she placed her lips on my breasts. She lightly sucked on my nipples making them harden like steel. I could not help but moan in pleasure.

Jim pushed the head of his huge cock into me. A sensation of fullness began to come over me. I moaned even louder as he pushed further and further inside me. I planted my lips on Sammy's swinging breasts. I felt her sigh from the sensation. Inch by inch Jim pushed himself inside me. He stopped when his entire length was buried in my sex. Sammy pulled her lips off my boobs. She crawled down my body putting her face near my now stuffed pussy. 

"Damn baby! How can you take all that?" 

With that remark, Jim smiled and started to slowly move in and out of me. I could feel every inch of him rubbing against the walls of my vagina. He settled into a steady rhythm as my sexy friend watched. Sammy snaked out her tongue and flicked my clit. It sent shockwaves through me. Faster and faster she licked me as she held me down to keep me from thrashing around at the sensations between my legs. I was moaning and my breathing was shallow. Too much of this attention and I was going to climax. I opened my eyes to see Sammy's dripping wet pussy above my face. I reached up and grabbed her hips pulling her sex down to my waiting mouth. 

She threw her head back and gasped as my tongue began to work on her clit. Her breathing became shallow and fast. I knew she was not too far from an orgasm herself. She looked up at Jim and licked her lips. I was nearing the edge of climax when he suddenly pulled out of me. I whimpered. He offered his cock, still covered in my juices to Sammy. She greedily took him into her mouth. 

I could hear the sounds of her sucking. It was more frantic and primal than I had been. I could hear Jim groaning. He pushed his cock into Sammy's throat. She gagged on it a little causing her eyes to tear up. Jim pulled back and then out of her mouth. She smiled at him.

"Don't worry. I like to choke from time to time." 

She went back to licking his cock getting as much of me off of him as possible. I focused my attention back on her. I licked and probed her pussy with wild abandon. I pushed my tongue inside her and scooped out as much of her essence as I could. I heard her stroking Jim's cock and talking dirty to him. She began to grind her hips against my face. She was about peak. 

I held on to her as she came. She cried out as wave after wave of pleasure took her. Her back arched and her head flew back. She held on tight to both Jim and I as she orgasmed. Her breathing turned into short gasps as her climax subsided. Her gaze returned to Jim.

"I want to fuck my lover now! Fuck her good and hard!"

Jim smiled back at the sultry goddess laying on top of me. Sammy guided his cock back to my flooded sex. He slowly pushed the head in then once it was in, he slammed the rest into me. I almost climaxed from the sudden force of him. Jim began to move very quick and hard in and out of me. Sammy returned to licking and rubbing my clit as the cowboy fucked me with a primal urge. I was moaning and crying out with pleasure. 

As lust filled my head I began to fade in and out. I gave in to the feeling of these two sexy playmates. I could hear Sammy encouraging Jim over and over as he began to growl and grind his teeth.

"Come on cowboy, fuck that little pussy! Fuck her good!"

Sammy's British accent drove me wild. She always like to talk dirty. The combination of her posh tone with the dirty words almost sent me to an orgasm every time she spoke. Jim began to slam into me harder and harder. Sammy's words were having the same effect on him that they did on me.

"Oh Robin! He is fucking you so good! My sweet girl taking such a big cock!"

That was all I could take. I came screaming and thrashing. Sammy held me down as Jim continued to pound my sex. The orgasm seemed to last forever. Suddenly Jim let out a loud groan. I felt him erupt inside me filling me with cum. It wasn't long before I was overflowing with both Jim's and my own fluids. 

Jim jerked while he came and pulled his cock from my full pussy. He was still ejaculating when his cock left my insides. Streams of his jizz splashed on Sammy's face. She opened her mouth and took some of his cum into it. She wrapped her lips around his cock as his climax ended getting a few more spurts in to her mouth.

Sammy popped Jim's cock from her mouth and climbed off of me. She moved so that her face was directly over mine. Her mouth opened revealing a nice size load of Jim's seed inside. She extended her tongue and instinctively I did the same. We kissed, swirling our tongues together and sharing the cum he gave her. I could taste both him and myself on her lips.

Sammy broke the kiss and we both swallowed our share of Jim. We smiled and giggled. Sammy petted me as I laid there trying to catch my breath. A look of both pleasure and disappointment came across her face.

"Oh my sweet Robin. He fucked you so good. I wish I could have had some."

I smiled back at her. "Well, the amazing thing about Jim is that he isn't a one and done kind of guy!"

Jim had fallen to the couch catching his breath. He looked right at us and smiled as he nodded. Sammy's gaze went to his crotch noticing he was still standing a full attention. A devilish smile came across her face. 

Regaining my composure, I climbed off the couch and stood up. My legs were shaky but I knew this night was far from over. I grabbed both of their hands and pulled them into my bedroom. Jim climbed up on the bed and put himself in a sitting position against my headboard. Sammy and I began kissing and moaning. We rubbed each other as our kisses became more passion filled putting on a show for the sexy cowboy.

I broke the kiss and looked over at Jim. He was stroking his cock at our performance. I turned my gaze back to Sammy and smiled. "It's your turn my Maltese princess!"

We made our way over to the bed and crawled up to Jim. We both gave him a long passionate kiss. Sammy straddled his lap hovering her body over his rock hard member. I reached up between her legs and rubbed her pussy lips. She sighed as my fingers grazed her. My hand was covered in her juices. She was wet and she was ready.

Jim placed his hands on her hips and I placed my hand on his cock. I helped guide it to her aching pussy. Slowly he lowered her down on him. She cried out as more and more of him filled her insides. Soon she was impaled on his cock. Her eyes widened showing her amazement. "Oh Robin! He feels so good inside me! I am so full!"

I smiled and planted a kiss on her cheek. "Now enjoy him," I commanded.

Very slowly Jim began to lift Sammy's body. She moaned and sighed as she was pulled up to the point where his cock would come out before being lowered back down on it. I watched as my beautiful lover settled in to a nice and steady pace with the cowboy. Her hands cupped her own breasts as she bounced up and down on him. Her moans filled the room. The wetness and heat returned to between my legs. Without a thought, I began to lightly rub my sex. 

Jim began to bounce her faster and faster. They were soon in a quick but gently rhythm. He lowered his head and began to suck on Sammy's breasts as he fucked her. She squealed in delight. Over and over she cried out. "Oh shit! Oh shit! Oh shit!"

Her breathing was already short. I knew she was a lot like me. Once the first orgasm hits, the next ones come faster and faster. I could tell she was on the edge. Sammy began grinding her hips as Jim bounced her up and down. The extra sensation was effecting her. She stiffened up as she climaxed. She threw her head back and screaming in joy. Her hips began to move franticly. As the orgasm subsided, she went into a frenzy. She stared Jim in his eyes. "I want you to fill me up like you did my beautiful Robin!"

Jim nodded and pulled her off of him. He guided her until she was on her hands and knees at the edge of the bed. He climbed off the bed and stood behind her. I watched, still touching myself, as he placed his cock against her. Her eyes widened as he pushed back into her. She cried in delight. "Oh Robin! He is so fuck huge! God he is so deep!"

I smiled and looked into Jim's eyes. "Fuck her good, cowboy! Ride her hard like you did me!"

Jim smiled and obeyed. He slammed into Sammy with force. The sounds of her cries and his moans swirled together mixing in with those of their bodies slamming together and the wetness of her pussy. My own moans joined the ensemble along with the noises of my sex being stirred up by my fingers. Sammy's huge breasts swung back and forth as Jim savagely fucked her. She could only scream out in joy. Faster and harder he went. Sammy shouted obscenities over and over. My own moans were becoming exponentially louder. I knew all this meant only one thing, we were all about orgasm. 

Sammy was the first to explode. She thrashed and slammed herself against Jim with a force that made me look tame. She begged him over and over to climax and fill her with his seed. He was happy to oblige. He pushed himself as deep as he could when he peaked. His groans added to her cries. Finally, I joined in. I thrashed and screamed as I climaxed from watching the Montana cowboy fuck my Maltese princess senseless. 

Jim held himself inside Sammy as he finished. She finally pulled off of him before collapsing next to me. I too, fell into a heap and put my arms around Sammy. Jim climbed up on the bed before joining us. I was sandwiched between these two amazing partners. Jim panicked a little when he realized what just happened. Sammy told him not to worry. She made sure she was on birth control and even had some of the "plan b" pills just to be safe. 

We laid together and tried to regain our faculties. Jim's cock was still half hard and I felt it pressing into my butt. Thoughts filled my head of getting another good fuck out of him. I knew he could go multiple times but was this many times possible. Before I could find out we drifted off to sleep. As short nap was just what we all needed.

About a couple hours passed and I was awakened by the sounds of light moaning and the moving of the bed. I rolled on to my side and saw Sammy with her arms and legs wrapped around Jim's body. They were in a missionary position with his cock moving in and out of her again. I remained still watching the tall man make love to small woman. There was no dirty talk. No savagery. This was tender and passionate love making. 

I could hear her whispering his name telling him how good she was feeling. It made my heart race watching the pair. A wetness began to take over my sex. They whispered back and forth as if not to wake me. She was loving this change of pace. Sammy and I always had variations when it came to our sexual encounters. We could change our pace and go from tender loving to hard primal fucking and then back again. It always made things exciting.

I watched as the pair continued their love making. Sammy was building up to another orgasm. I saw her body shift and flex in a way that I knew meant the edge was close. Jim planted his lips on her neck. Her hips began to buck against him. His embrace tightened around her. 

I was already turned on. I quietly moved my hand between my legs and began to rub myself. I did all I could to keep the noise down so that the duo would not know I was awake. Sammy turned her head and looked at me. Knowing I was awake, she smiled. Quietly she whispered, "He is so good baby! Don't worry, you're next."

Jim quickened his pace a little. He too was at his peak. Sammy came first. She pushed her hips into him and locked her legs around his waist. She quietly moaned and praised the cowboy. That pushed him over the edge. With a sudden slam, he buried his cock in to her. I could tell he was pumping another massive load of cum into her. 

A minute passed before Jim pulled out of her. His seed spilled out of her and down the crack of her butt. I knew her insides were packed to the brim. She released her grip and the cowboy partially sat up. He lowered his head to give Sammy a big kiss. She broke it and turned back to me. "Are you ready for another, my sweet Robin?"

I simply nodded. Jim made his way over and laid on top of me. I felt the familiar and welcome sensation of his cock pressing against me. I was kind of surprised by his ability to continue. He had already shot three loads with very little rest. I was not sure there would be anything left for me this time. Thankfully, I was wrong. He slowly pushed his cock inside me until it was all the way inAuthor's Note: The following story is part of a larger story. This is not the end nor beginning of this work.
