 Saturday morning I slept in late. I had the whole day to kill before riding out to Clarksville and seeing what Ravagers was all about. Debbie had mentioned the place didn't really start rockin' till around 8:00pm. I wasn't sure what to expect but I hoped I was prepared.

After catching up on some shopping I decided to lie out and catch some sun. Donning a white bikini, one of only a few that I possessed, I stretched out on a lounge on the patio. Being fair complected, I tan rather easily without burning. 

I hadn't been lying out long before I was pleasantly interrupted by my next door neighbor's son, Zachary or Zack as he prefers to be called. Zack was a cute kid, just having graduated from high school. A star athlete who'd graduated in the top ten percent of his class, his parents weren't happy with his plans for the future. He'd turned down several college scholarships, opting to attend some sort of technical school instead. Which one or what field of interest he was still undecided on.

"Hey Zack." I greeted him. "Whatcha you up to?"

"Hi Mrs. McConnell." He replied, looking downhearted. "Nothin' much. Just hangin' out."

Even though Zack was just eighteen, he was damn good looking. Too young to really be called handsome, I could foresee him breaking the hearts of many women in his life. He stood about five foot, ten with very pronounced muscle tones, especially in his upper body. His thick blond hair and bright blue eyes captivated me as I'm sure they did with his former female classmates. His smile was warm, pleasant and very masculine. 

"Is your husband around?" Zack asked, his eyes slowly scanning over my bikini-clad body.

"No. He's off on a business trip." I answered, not really sure where the hell he was.

"Did you come over to see him about something?" I questioned, trying to find out why he was paying me a visit.

"Nah." Zack mumbled. "I was just wondering is all."

"Why don't you sit down?" I suggested, nodding towards a chair next to me.

"Would you like something to drink?" I offered as he sat down.

"A beer sounds good." He replied, staring at my breasts. 

"Not at your age!" I exclaimed with a laugh. "You wanna get me arrested?"

"Ah! I won't tell anyone." Zack asserted, grinning.

"You won't have to tell anyone." I countered. "Your parents will smell it on your breath."

"I'm going to have some iced tea." I stated. "How about you?"

Zack nodded his head, consenting to my offer. Getting up from the lounge, I caught him staring at my butt. Purposely, I jiggled it a little right in his young face just to tease him.

Returning from the kitchen with two glasses of the refreshment, I noticed Zack had unbuttoned his sport shirt, exposing much of his completely hairless chest. I couldn't help but take note of his very pronounced pectoral muscles.

"This young man's going to grow up to be a fucking Adonis!" I thought, handing him the iced tea.

"Aren't you afraid you'll burn?" Zack asked, grinning sheepishly. "It doesn't look like you're wearing any sunblock."

"I brought some out with me." I replied, pointing to it on the patio table. "I just didn't bother putting any on."

It was a lie but I wanted to see where he was going with his comment. I'd put sunblock on earlier, before I laid out.

"Would you like me to put some on you?" Zack offered, biting his lower lip to hide a grin.

"If it's his hands he wants to get on me, I'm going to string his cute little ass along." I thought.

"If you wouldn't mind." I replied in a somewhat sexy tone of voice.

"No! I wouldn't mind at all!" Zack declared, jumping from his chair to retrieve the tube of sunblock.

Adjusting the chaise lounge to a flat position, I stretched out on it, lying face down. Reaching behind me, I untied my top, removing it completely. 

"You're going to have a tanline where your top was tied." Zack commented, squirting some of the sunblock on my back.

"I find tanlines kind of sexy, don't you?" I remarked.

"Kinda." Zack responded. "I prefer an all over tan myself...on girls I mean."

Zack slowly spread the sunblock on my bare back with a light touch. He was obviously enjoying the task, maybe enjoying it too much. My head was resting on my arms, allowing the young man a slight view of my bare breasts. I could feel his hand working its way towards my right side, sensing he was going to try and cop a feel. Twisting my body just a little kept my right breast safely tucked beneath me. I'm sure he was disappointed by my move.

After applying the lotion to my back, Zack began working on the back of my legs. I sensed his breathing had become quite labored. His hand was gently squeezing my legs more than it was massaging in the sunblock. He was obviously enjoying the task much more than I was. His right hand slowly worked its way upwards towards my butt.

"Spread your legs a little." He commanded in a strained voice.

"Not without buying me dinner first." I jested with a laugh.

My sexually charged response caught him off-guard. His hand, mere inches from my butt, stopped massaging in the lotion. At first I thought I'd made a big mistake allowing myself to make the remark. A long moment passed before Zack firmly grasped my right leg, spreading it from the left. The situation was getting out of hand, allowing the young man to take control.

"Just so you'll know." Zack asserted, spreading the lotion into my inner thighs. "I prefer older women."

"I'll bet you've never even been with an older woman." I countered, hoping to throw him a curve.

"How much you wanna bet?" The young man asked, daring me to answer.

I remained silent, not really knowing what to do. Zack's hand worked up closer to my butt. His strong fingers brushed lightly over the material covering my pussy. I bit my lower lip to keep from emitting a moan. With his left hand, Zack untied the strings at the sides of my bikini. He waited a few seconds to see if I was going to object. When I didn't, he pulled the bikini back, exposing my bare butt. 

Zack wiped the sunblock off his hand with a towel I'd brought out. Looking over my shoulder, I saw him lick his middle finger, then grin at me with a sinister look on his face.

"Zack, don't!" I exclaimed. "This has gone way too far!"

The young man pushed my shoulder down till I was again lying on my stomach. I felt Zack's long, middle finger slowly circling the lips of my pussy, teasing me until I started to squirm. Gently, he inserted the digit, burying it all the way. Zack took my barely audible moan as a consent to continue.

He finger-fucked me slowly, swirling his digit inside my pussy. My juices were flowing onto his finger, dripping out onto the palm of his hand. 

"Ohhhh God." I moaned softly, closing my eyes and burying my face. 

Zack continued fingering my pussy, inserting a second finger. My ass was starting to buck, trying to force him to work me harder and faster.

"Zack!" I cried out. "Do it harder! Make me cum!"

The young man complied with my wishes, furiously stroking his two fingers in and out of my pussy. Zack's left hand slipped beneath me, cupping one of my breasts, roughly fondling it. I felt myself about to cum but I fought back the urge to let it happen. Zack's thumb brushed over my asshole. Lubricated by my juices, he eased his thumb inside my ass. I came instantly, consumed by the heated rush of extreme sexual gratification. My pussy clamped down on Zack's fingers, trying to trap them inside my pussy.

"OH GODDDDDDDD!" I moaned aloud. "FUCKKKKKKK!"

My body trembled and convulsed until the orgasm finally subsided. I lay there on the lounge, tightly grasping the cushion. Zack slowly removed his fingers from my pussy, putting them to his mouth. He sucked on them, savoring the taste of my juices. I looked at his crotch, noticing a large stain on the front of his tan slacks.

"I see it was good for you too." I quipped between deep breaths.

"Oh God!" Zack exclaimed, totally embarrassed. 

His face was blush-red, giving him an almost innocent look. I tossed him the towel so he could cover himself.

"I'd better be going." Zack mumbled, avoiding looking at me.

Before I could say anything, he took off running across the lawn towards his parent's house. I watched him disappear through the tall shrubbery, wondering when or if he'd ever return.

Picking up the towel Zack had dropped; I put it around myself and made a run for the house, leaving my bikini lying on the patio. Once inside, I made a beeline to the master bathroom to shower off. I should have felt ashamed and guilty for what I'd allowed to happen but I didn't. In all honesty, I felt thrilled and exhilarated knowing that a young man of eighteen had found me attractive enough to want me sexually.

It was about 7:30 when I rode my motorcycle out of the garage, heading northeast towards Clarksville. Debbie had written down the directions to the biker hangout so I felt confident I could find it without any trouble. Located on the only country road north of the small town, it should be easy to spot.

Ravagers was exactly as Rick, Debbie's husband, had described it. Once a small manufacturing facility, the two-story brick building sat approximately a quarter mile off the road. As I eased the bike onto the entrance road I spotted a large black guy leaning against an Electra Glide. He stepped out in front of me, motioning for me to stop. Several motorcyclists passed by without so much as slowing down.

"Sorry Miss but this is a private club." The guy stated in a very deep voice.

"Yes, I know." I asserted. "I'm the guest of Rick and Debbie Roberts."

"Ahhh! Then you've got to be Kaitlyn!" He declared with a smile. "Rick said you were a hottie! Damned if he wasn't right!"

I blushed hearing his compliment, even more when he slipped a finger in the top of my red leather vest and pulled it away from my chest. The only thing I was wearing underneath it was a lacy pink bra.

"Hot Damn!" The man exclaimed, peering down. "You got some nice titties!"

"I take it you approve." I quipped.

"Yep. A might overdressed though." He proclaimed, looking me over. 

For my initial visit to the biker hangout, I'd chosen red leather chaps, which matched my vest, over white denim jeans. Instead of boots, I decided to wear red high-heels. Since my Screamin' Eagle Fat Boy had running boards instead of footpegs, it allowed me to wear the high-heels without any problem.

Parking my motorcycle along with thirty or so other bikes at the side of the building, I could hear classic rock music emanating from inside. It wasn't so loud that it hurt your ears but not toned down so much that it was hard to hear either.

Stepping inside the two-story building, I looked around for Rick and Debbie. It took a minute or two for my eyes to adjust to the dim lighting. The bar was off to my right, towards the back of the building. Situated to my left was an area, floored with light oak hardwood. I assumed it was a dance floor since several couples, including two girls, were slow dancing on it. Rectangular tables were scattered about the main room in no particular order. 

At the far end from the entrance I could see several large overhead doors that were open. They must have served as loading docks at one time. I noticed a dozen or so motorcycles parked at the doors, a few of them were custom built choppers. In an area, off by themselves, were three old pool tables, illuminated by lighting suspended from the high ceiling. They looked like they'd seen much better days. The walls were decorated with motorcycle memorabilia and advertising posters, which complimented the décor perfectly. 

What I'd failed to notice was that almost everyone was looking at me. Being a newbie, I was being scrutinized by the rest of the members. I stood; almost paralyzed, not knowing whether to turn and leave or make my way to the bar.

"Kaitlyn!" Followed by a loud whistle came from across the dimly lit room. Looking towards its origin I spotted Rick motioning me over. Making my way through the crowd I joined him and several of his friends.

"I see you made it alright." He stated, putting his arm around my waist. "Man, do you look fuckin' hot!"

Rick introduced me to everyone at the table. They all seemed quite friendly, especially the guys.

"You wanna join us or would you like me to introduce you around?" Rick inquired.

"Well, Debbie kind of asked me to help out behind the bar." I replied. "I told her I would."

"On your first night at Ravagers, you're going to work!" Rick exclaimed. "That doesn't seem very fair."

"I don't mind." I declared. "It'll give me chance to help out and still meet a lot of people."

"Oh yeah." One of the guys at the table commented. "She's definitely a keeper. Gorgeous and willing to work. That's my kind of woman."

"Well, Deb's over behind the bar." Rick stated. "I'm sure she'll be glad to have an extra set of hands helping out."

As I made my way towards the bar I noticed it was the only area that was well lit. Decorative pendant light fixtures, suspended from the high ceiling, illuminated the bar from one end to the other. I spotted Debbie mixing drinks while a young man filled one of the coolers. She waved me over, seeming quite excited to see me.

"Reinforcements have arrived!" She shouted, motioning for me to come around the end of the bar.

"I was beginning to think you might have had second thoughts about joining us." She asserted, giving me a hug.

"No. Quite the contrary." I replied. "I wouldn't have missed this night for the world."

"You should have been here last night." Debbie avowed. "I think every member we've got was here. They like to wore my ass out."

"Well, just tell me what to do and I'll get to it." I offered. 

"Great! You can take Danny's place." She responded. "He's dying to mingle with the other members."

Since there weren't any waitresses, everyone had to come up to the bar to order their drinks. While Debbie took care of the mixed drinks, I served up the ice cold beer, uncapping bottle after bottle until I lost count. At three dollars a bottle the couple was making good money on each one served.

When things slowed down a little, Debbie and I got a chance to chat and light up a cigarette. Until now, I hadn't noticed she wasn't wearing any jeans beneath her black leather chaps. She was only wearing white thong panties. Black boots and a white tank top completed her outfit. Seeing her nipples clearly protruding beneath her top tempted me to reach out and tweak one of the nubs.

"A little air-ish, isn't it?" I questioned, slapping her on the butt.

"Hah!" Debbie laughed. "Being at the club is one of the few places I get to show off my body without getting arrested for indecent exposure."

"What're you wearing under that vest and those jeans?" She asked. "Something sexy I'll bet."

"A pink bra with matching panties." I answered.

"Hmmm. Well let's see 'em." Debbie stated. "I'm sure the guys will get a kick out of it."

"You want me to work in my underwear?" I questioned.

"Well, your undies and those chaps and high-heels." Debbie acknowledged. "Don't tell me you're scared to show a little skin."

"No...it's just that someone might see me that knows me." I responded. 

"Well, if there's anyone here that already knows you; they're probably here for the same reason as you." She maintained.

Thinking about it, she was right. Remembering the saying, "what goes on at Ravagers, stays at Ravagers", I seriously considered Debbie's proposal.

"I'll take off the vest but not my jeans." I finally conceded. "Maybe later on I might change my mind."

My fingers worked the snaps on my red leather vest, slipping it off within seconds. Several guys approached the bar, wanting a closer look at my breasts. I was embarrassed at first but their comments were complimentary and not callous. That helped ease my nervousness. It certainly helped the beer sales. Deb had to help me until I could get everyone served.

As the night progressed, I got a chance to meet a lot of the private club's members. Most were anywhere from their early twenties to their late thirties. The majority of them were quite friendly and outgoing. I slow danced with quite a few guys while Rick filled in for me behind the bar. A couple of them tried to unhook my bra but luckily for me the clasp was in the front.

I needed to use the restroom before taking my place behind the bar so Rick could mingle with the other members. That's where I ran into Susan and Marie, the two girls I'd seen slow dancing together earlier in the evening. Both appeared to be in their late twenties. Susan was about my height with a slender build and a full head of silky blonde hair. In stark contrast, Marie was an inch or two shorter than Susan with an average build and short, spiky black hair. 

They both looked my way as I entered the restroom but neither of them spoke. Susan's Harley-Davidson t-shirt had been lifted above her bare breasts, exposing her long, hard nipples. Her faded bluejeans were down around her ankles, her white cotton panties shoved down just enough to display her shaven pussy. Marie was sucking on one of Susan's nipples while her fingers fucked in and out of her companion's pussy. It was hard not to stop and watch but I didn't want them to think I was startled by their actions.

After taking care of business, I walked hurriedly to one of the lavatories next to them to wash my hands. Marie and Susan were still going at it with Susan pinned against the wall. While I was drying my hands on a paper towel, Marie reached out and firmly grabbed my wrist.

"Keep her going while I take a piss, will ya?" The woman asked. "I won't be a minute."

I froze for just an instant, letting her request register with my brain. Susan reached out, putting her right hand on my shoulder to pull me closer. I kissed the blonde-haired woman passionately, licking her pouty lips with my tongue. Sliding my tongue slowly down over her neck I heard her begin to moan, almost incoherently. I nibbled her firm breasts, sucking gently on each nipple. Susan was moaning louder, her breaths coming in quick, sharp gasps.

"Work that bitch!" Marie commanded from one of the stalls. "Just don't make her cum."

My tongue slithered lower, passing over Susan's flat tummy. Sliding downward, towards her pubic area, I heard the commode flush, then Marie's heavy footsteps approaching. The woman knelt down behind me, then reached around, unfastening my lacey bra.

"Suck her fuckin' cunt!" She demanded. "Suck it till she comes all over your face!"

Slipping my tongue inside Susan's sopping wet pussy; I got a taste of her harsh tasting juices. Susan began humping my face as my tongue slithered around inside her. Marie's hands cupped and roughly massaged my breasts while she nibbled on my earlobe. She was driving me as crazy as I was driving her companion. 

Flicking my tongue lightly over Susan's clit, she began screaming out, begging for me to make her cum.

"NOW DAMN IT!" Susan screamed. "MAKE IT HAPPEN...NOW!"

Taking the bud between my lips, I sucked and tugged on it at the same time. Susan's orgasm was like an explosion, jolting the three of us as she thrust repeatedly against my face. Her cum flowed onto my lips and into my mouth. I swallowed it, savoring the bitter taste. My fingers slowly eased their grip on the blonde's upper thighs as her sexual gratification faded into blissful memory. 

Rising from my knees to stand up, Marie's hands slipped from my breasts down to my waist. She turned me around, looking into my eyes.

"You're fucking awesome!" She declared with a grin. "I bet you're one helluva cocksucker!"

Marie put her hand to the back of my head, pulling my face to hers for a most fervent kiss. Our lips meshed hard trying to pull one another's lips into our mouths. I slammed my long tongue into her mouth, sliding it hard against the roof of her mouth. She almost gagged as I took her breath away. 
