 Waking early the following morning, we were confronted with sunny, cloudless skies. It looked like it was going to be a great day for riding. Getting into our riding gear, we unloaded Liz's new trike and Cody's Road King. Liz was grinning ear to ear, still excited about her new ride. I decided to try my hand at being a passenger, hopping on behind her. The rear seat fit me like a glove, elevating me high enough to see over Liz.

We stopped at the Full Throttle Saloon for breakfast before heading south to see Mount Rushmore and the Crazy Horse monument. Liz was trying her best to keep from smirking; knowing Cody had tricked me for the second time since we'd gotten to the rally.

"Don't be laughing." I threatened with a grin. "I'll get both your butts before we head back home."

Making our way through the heavy traffic in Sturgis, we headed southwest towards Deadwood. From there we'd change highways to Rushmore and Crazy Horse. We didn't really need a map. All we had to do was follow the parade of motorcycles in front of us. Being the passenger for a change, I got to enjoy the scenery as we sped along at sixty miles an hour. Liz was handling the trike like she was born with it between her legs.

It was early evening when we made our way back to Sturgis. We'd stopped in Deadwood for a great dinner at Big Al's Buffalo Steakhouse. None of us were really in the mood to return to the campground so Cody suggested we park the bikes and stroll through the rally, grab a beer or two and maybe do some shopping.

"I think Kaitlyn oughta get a scroll tattoo like ours." Kelly suggested. "That way we'll all match in Cody's harem."

Since my ankle wasn't bothering me and I really liked it, I decided to go ahead and get it done. 

"Why not?" I thought. "I like the way it looks on Kelly and Liz. I'll just end up regretting it if I don't have it done."

Cody offered to pay for the tattoo to make up for tricking me into giving him a blowjob. I would have given him a blowjob even if he hadn't of asked but I enjoyed stringing him along. Returning to the TATT2S shop on Second Avenue, the woman worked me in without having to wait.

Cody wasn't in the mood to go shopping with the girls so stayed with me. I think he just wanted to see me suffer through the pain of having a needle prick the skin at the small of my back. This time I was prepared although I did jump the first few times the needle probed into my skin.

The girls returned from their shopping just as the tattoo artist was finishing my design. We decided to hit a few of the bars, just to see what kind of entertainment they offered. The Knuckle Saloon, one block over, was crowded with bikers, enjoying cold beer and live music. After a cold one, we strolled down to Gunners, eventually ending up at the Jack Daniels booth. 

Liz wasn't feeling any pain but she was smart enough to realize it. She turned the keys over to me since I'd only drank one beer and part of another. By the time we made it out to the campground, Liz was out like a light, asleep in the passenger seat.

"You got her drunk Cody!" Kelly exclaimed, laughing. "You can carry her inside."

Not being very gentle with his sister-in-law, Cody tossed Liz over his shoulder, eventually laying her out on the queen-size bed. He did take her clothes off without Kelly or me assisting him. 

"Kelly and I can crash on the sleeper sofa if you wanna share the bed with her." Cody remarked. 

"I trust you won't take advantage of her." He added with a sinister laugh. 

I barely remember climbing into bed before falling asleep. My new tattoo wasn't bothering me near like the one had on my ankle. Liz got up sometime during the night. She was sick to her stomach but there wasn't much I could do except hold her head. I knew she was going to feel like shit in the morning.

Wednesday morning looked like another good day for riding. The early morning temperature was cool but warming fast as the sun beat down on the Sturgis Rally. 

"Three days ladies." Cody commented. "That's all we've got left before heading home."

"That's three days we've still got left to ride." I stated. "We can cover a lot of miles during that time."

"What about looking for a chopper?" Cody inquired. "You wanna take time to shop around while we're here don't ya?" 

"Nah. Not really." I replied. "I'm not gonna take time to look around and miss out on riding."

"Kate, there's always next year." Kelly spoke up. "What we don't see this year, we'll see next year."

"Count me out." Liz mumbled, holding her head. "I'm going back to bed and stay there till I get over this hangover."

"Let's grab a bite of breakfast at the high school, then we can decide what to do." I suggested.

Joining many of the other bikers at the local high school for breakfast, the three of us decided to ride over to Sundance, Wyoming, birthplace of the infamous Sundance Kid. 

Riding along and enjoying the scenery, I dreaded the thought of having to return home. An entire year would have to pass before we'd return. Making the most of this trip seemed more important to me.

After checking out all the activities in Sundance we rode southeast to Four Corners and then up to Cheyenne Crossing. By the end of the day we'd ridden a lot of miles and seen some really beautiful scenery. Returning to the campground that evening we found Liz wiping down her Boss Hoss trike. She said she was feeling better but she still looked pale.

We took to the beds early that night, a little before 11:00pm. I was tired from all the riding and so was Kelly. Liz wasn't feeling up to par, swearing she'd never take another drink of hard liquor.

Thursday morning's weather was just like the previous day's. Kelly and Liz wanted to do some shopping, hoping to find bargains on t-shirts and leather goods. Cody and I decided to hang out on Main Street and take some pictures of the rally. The four of us met up around noon for lunch and to "people watch", which had become one of our favorite pastimes.

Liz and Kelly were worn out from all the shopping so they decided to head back to the motorhome on Liz's trike. Cody and I weren't all that tired so we chose to "hang out" at the rally and look around.

"We've only got one more day before we head home. You wanna look around for a chopper?" Cody asked. "With most of the dealers here, it'd be an opportune time. I saw quite a few sale tags."

"I don't know." I responded, unenthused. "You think it'd be stupid of me to buy a chopper?"   

"What? After you talked Liz into buying a trike, you're hesitant about buying a chopper?" Cody exclaimed, sounding quite surprised.

"I didn't talk Liz into buying a trike!" I contradicted. "She did that all on her own. I just made it financially possible."

"I saw a hot pink OCC chopper that you'd look really hot crusin' through the rally on." Cody stated with a laugh. "Hot, Hot Pink!

"Hot pink, no way! I want a custom one-off chopper." I contended. "Like a Diablo. One with an extensive rake and a stretched out front end or a Pro-Street bike built low to the ground. Either way it's gotta have an S&S engine with a six-speed transmission, all the latest in electronics, digital gauges, exposed belt drive, at least a two-forty rear tire, leather seat, lots of chrome and a wild-ass paint job."

"Woohoo! Anything else?" Cody bellowed.

"Just one...no hot pink!" I laughed.

Walking down busy Lazelle Street, we passed several custom bike dealers with dozens and dozens of bikes displayed on their saleslot. Glancing as we strolled slowly past them, I didn't see anything that made me look twice. What I was looking for would have to jump out and pounce on me till I bought it. So far, I hadn't seen it.

We were nearing the end of the vendor's area, just a block or two left before we'd cross Lazelle and walk back up the other side when I spotted the Diablo Chopper's display. The custom bike builders were renowned for building one-off choppers at their shop in Fort Worth, Texas. Unlike the other dealers they had just six choppers on display. I grabbed Cody, dragging him by the arm.

"I see it!" I exclaimed, dragging him up to one of the bikes. 

Walking around the custom-built chopper, I knew I was going to buy it no matter what the price. Built long, sleek and low to the ground, the bike looked like a sculpture riding on two wheels. Carefully, I swung my leg over the bike, slowly lowering my butt into the soft leather seat. Righting the bike off its kickstand, I noticed how perfectly balanced it was. Looking over the front and rear fenders, fuel tank and frame, my eyes drank in the multitude of custom colors protected by layers of clearcoat.   

A middle-age gentleman and his female companion left the shade of their sales trailer, slowing approaching us.

"Bet you'd like to hear how she sounds." The guy asserted with a grin.

Inserting the key into the ignition beneath the seat, I switched off the kill button, hitting the start button. The bike roared to life before I could get my thumb off the switch. All I could hear and think about was the engine's deep rumbling. The gentleman put his hand over mine, cracking the throttle several times. The sound was deafening but to me it was also exhilarating. The digital gauges flashed their numbers with each crack. I let the big S&S motor idle for a couple of minutes before shutting it off.

"How much?" I asked before looking at the price tag.

"Forty-eight thousand, five-hundred." The girl replied, showing me the price tag. "We'll knock off a thousand, five if you're really interested."

Resting the bike on its kickstand, I walked slowly around the bike, listening intently to every word of their salespitch. Sitting astride the bike once more, I debated whether to buy it or not. The hand-built chopper had everything I wanted and more!

"Cody, whatta you think?" I asked.

"I thought you wanted something with an extensive rake and a long front end?" Cody responded.

"Well...yeah...that or a Pro-Street bike like this one." I reminded him.

"We've got a bike like that." The girl stated. "We just haven't put it on display yet."

"Let me roll it out so you can get a look at it." The guy insisted. "There's a big difference between the two."

I was hesitant to have him bother since I was pretty well sold on the Pro-Street chopper.

"That sound like a good idea." Cody agreed before I could object.

The gentleman eased the stretched out chopper out of the trailer, letting it roll down the ramp door. Painted bright orange with tribal graphics on the fenders and fuel tank, it immediately grabbed my interest. The chrome front forks extended long enough that it raised the front of the frame up at a noticeable angle.

"It's got a two-sixty rear tire instead of the two-eighty that's on the other bike." The girl remarked. "Other than frame and style, both bikes have the same engine, transmission and drivetrain."

Sitting astride the radical bike, I liked the feel of it although the extended front end threw me a curve.

"I know what you're thinking." The salesman stated with a laugh.

"It takes a lot of getting used to with a bike that's got a stretched front end." He stated. "At first, they handle awkward but once you get the hang of it, you'll really like it."

"And they looked Old School." The lady chimed in. "A lot of guys like that!" 

"You look really hot on that bike!" Cody exclaimed when I looked his way. 

Starting up the chopper, I felt the same sensations I'd felt with the other bike. I couldn't take my hand off the throttle, wanting to crack the throttle over and over, exhilarated by the thundering S&S engine.

"How much for this one?" I asked.

"Forty-four thousand, nine-hundred." The guy stated. "I'd be willing to come down to forty-three even if you're serious about this one."

"Can we roll this one up next to the other bike so I can see them together?" I asked.

"Why don't you just ride it up?" The guy proposed, grinning. "It'd save getting a lot of handprints all over it."

Restarting the chopper, I pushed the shift peg down and slowly released the clutch lever. The bike rocketed forward like a shot. The tremendous feeling of power was energizing my body as I cruised alongside the Pro-Street bike.

I walked slowly around each bike, then around both bikes not saying a word or asking a question. Cody and the couple stood silent, waiting patiently for me to say something. I couldn't make up my mind. I liked both bikes but for very different reasons.


"Forty-seven for the Pro-Street and forty-three for the orange chopper." I mumbled

"Yep. That's about as low as I can go on either one." The guy affirmed.

"What about on both?" I questioned, folding my arms across my chest. "Give me your absolute drop-dead figure."

"Both! A...well..." The guy stammered, looking somewhat stunned. 

"I knew you were gonna do that!" Cody exclaimed with a laugh. "I just had that feeling!"

"I'd take eight-eight thousand for the pair." The guy declared after thinking it over. 

"Deal." I muttered, nodding my head. "I assume you're set up to do an electronic bank transfer?"

"We're connected with all the banks here in Sturgis." The girl responded. "There's one a block over from here. They can handle the transfer for us."

"We'll drink beer and I'll get the paperwork started while you girls take care of the money." The gentleman kidded, motioning for Cody to follow him to the trailer.

We spent an hour at the bank completing the money transfer. Walking back to Diablo Choppers I heard someone call out my name.

"Kaitlyn!" A familiar male voice shouted out. "Over here!"

Looking out at the passing traffic, I saw Rick Roberts on his hardtail chopper. Beside him, Trey Morgan astride his bike with Heather Gibson, my former secretary, riding as his passenger. Rick pointed to the next intersection, signaling they'd pull over and wait for me.

Rick, Trey and Heather pulled into the parking lot at the Jack Daniels display. I darted across the busy street, weaving my way through traffic.

"Wow! I can't believe we'd run into somebody we knew amidst all these bikers!" Heather exclaimed. "You been out here all week?"

"We got here Saturday." I answered. "We're headin' back the day after tomorrow."

"We got her Monday but we gotta head back tomorrow." Trey stated, sounding a little dismayed.

"Where's Cody and Kelly?" Rick inquired. "Out ridin?"

"Kelly and Liz are out at the campgrounds, Cody's just up the street at Diablo Choppers." I responded. 

"Diablo Choppers!" He exclaimed. "Buyin' a chopper?"

"No, not him...me." I replied.

"I had a hunch you'd end up buying one!" Trey laughed. "I remember you mentioning it once or twice."

"Gonna get yourself tattooed?" Heather inquired. "Gotta have one if you're gonna be a biker."

Lifting my pant leg, I showed off my barbwire tattoo. Turning around, I lifted my t-shirt, showing off my tribal graphics tattoo.

"Woohoo!" Trey exclaimed. "Nice!" 

"Show Kaitlyn you're tattoo Heather." He laughed. 

Heather climbed off the bike, unsnapping then pulling her denim jeans down. A small Chinese dragon tattoo adorned the left cheek of her butt. 

"Whatta ya think?" She asked. "Isn't it cute?"

"Yeah and the tattoo's not bad either." I jested, slapping her on the butt.

"Where you guys stayin'?" Rick asked. "Glencove?"

"No. We're just up the road at Creekview." I answered. "Cody and Kelly borrowed a motorhome so we've had it pretty comfy."

"That sure beats sleeping in a cargo trailer but it's still better than tent camping." Heather declared. "Not to mention having to wait in line to shower."

"Hey! Maybe we'll come over and join you guys!" Rick exclaimed with a laugh. "I could use some comfy and maybe some..."

"Why don't you guys ride back to Diablo's and ask Cody?" I suggested. "I'm sure he wouldn't mind."

Minutes later, we were all gathered on the saleslot at Diablo's. I introduced Cody to Trey and Heather, knowing he hadn't met them. Cody couldn't take his eyes off Heather with her long coal black hair and slender legs. He was thinking "pussy", trying to figure out a way to get in her pants.

"Why don't you guys come over to our campsite?" Cody offered. "I'll cook some steaks out on the grille and we can drink up the rest of the beer."

It didn't take any coaxing to get the trio to join us especially when Cody promised Heather a nice hot shower.

It took Cody and I two trips to get my new choppers back to the motorhome but we made it without incident. Trying to figure out how we were gonna pack four motorcycles and a trike into the twenty foot trailer would be a different matter.

When Rick met Liz I had a feeling the two were going to hit it off. Rick had his arm around her waist within minutes, pulling her in close to him. The two were flirting like teenagers. Likewise Kelly couldn't take her bright emerald green eyes off Trey. She gave me a look, signaling she wanted Trey to be her first extramarital encounter. If anybody was going to fuck her besides her husband, Trey was the guy I'd have picked. Although I was hoping he'd consider giving me a good fucking.

The steaks were great. Cody was quite a hand with the charcoal grille, fixing them to perfection. We girls prepared several side dishes, trying to use up all the food we had left in the refrigerator. Liz took care of keeping the cold beer flowing, especially for Rick.

"Whatta ya think my chances are of banging the ass off Heather?" Cody whispered, pulling me aside. "Or is she strictly Trey's girl?"

"How about I get Trey working on Kelly." I murmured. "I'm betting those two would screw each other all night. That'll leave Heather looking for some strange meat."

"Trey and Heather?" Cody questioned, looking worried. "I'm not sure I'd want him fucking my wife."

"Hey! You've fucked every one of us girls!" I argued. "Now it's time to let Kelly have some strange cock!"

As the beer supply started dwindling down, the guys and girls got more playful. Liz made up some half-ass excuse to show Rick something inside the motorhome. She lured him away, knowing the two were headed straight for the bedroom. 

Cody was working on Heather, keeping one eye on Trey to see if he was going to object but Trey's attentions were focused on getting Kelly out of her clothes. Cody reminded Heather of the shower he'd promised, escorting her inside. I knew he was going to offer to wash her back...and everything else. Heather seemed game, blatantly flirting with him and whispering in his ear.

Being the odd person in the group, I made an excuse to walk up to the main building to pick up a few extra maps to take home. That left Trey and Kelly alone to figure out how and where they were going to finally get all over each other. 

Sitting at a picnic table just outside the main building, I sipped on a cold soft drink. I'd already had enough beer for the evening. Too much alcohol and I'd end up with a severe headache. I was curious as to what was going on back at the motorhome but being a voyeur wasn't my thing. An hour later, I decided to call it a night. I was getting sleepy and all I wanted was a place to stretch out.

Entering the motorhome, I found it dark but far from quiet. I could barely make out Kelly and Liz in the bedroom in a sixty-nine position. Liz was on her back with Rick pounding his hard cock into her like a jackhammer. Kelly was lying on top of Liz with her ass in the air. Trey was slowly pumping his cock in and out of her pussy, taking long, steady strokes. He was trying his best to make their special moment last as long as possible. 

Cody was lying on the sleeper sofa with Heather stretched beside him, completely naked and covered in cum. Both were sound asleep, completely worn out from their sexual frenzy. I could even see cum streaks in her coal black hair.
