 Being in love with my partner is a wonderful experience in love, but our lovemaking is something that I have never experienced before in my life, there is nothing that we wont do for each other as long as it does not cause any pain and we are both comfortable with the situation. He was the one that encouraged me to fulfil my sexual fantasy of making love to another woman.  That I have done several times and I thoroughly love the feel, taste and smell of another woman but now, I’ve decided, I want to take this a little further, and have him join me in yet another wonderful sexual experience and fantasy.

*********************

Paul’s Revenge

Paul was lying quietly in between us, I thought he was just luxuriating in our presence and in the afterglow of what we just done, but I was far off the mark.  He was scheming his revenge.  I hardly noticed when he moved off the bed and left the room as Judy moved closer to me and kissed me gently on the lips.  We wrapped our arms around each other, gently stroking and kissing.  Paul entered the room after a few minutes and sat on the bed watching us, when I looked up at him I could see he was hard again, his cock standing fully erect and still shining from when I sucked him.

“Would you ladies like to indulge me this time?” he asked us both. I looked at Judy and saw she already had a grin on her face, “OK babe, what do you have planned?” I asked. “Just stay there for a while and enjoy what you’re doing, I have some things I want to get and then I’ll be back” the last few words sounding like Arnie Swarzenpecker.  Judy didn’t waste any time, she pushed her left leg between mine, lowered her mouth to my breasts and softly licked and sucked my nipples. I let her get on with it, just stroking her hair and enjoying the effects her mouth was having on me.

I was starting to really get into what Judy was doing to me, her mouth on my nipple sucking hard and now she had one of her fingers slowly sliding up and down my inner thighs. Paul quietly entered the room, and was moving around before either of us noticed him.  “OK ladies, are you ready?” he said. We both sat up and waited for his instructions. Paul told us to get on our knees, facing away from each other, me the foot of the bed and Judy the headboard with our arses touching, then he took the straps that we’d used on him earlier and tied our legs together just above our knees.

“Let me see those arses high girls,” he said, “Lean on your elbows’ Judy and I both dropped down to our elbows and I could feel my arse cheeks spread and my pussy open wide, fully presented to him.  I felt his hand run gently over my back and I presumed he was doing the same thing to Judy. He has a very gentle touch for such a large and strong man, shivers followed his hand as it moved from my shoulders down my spine, between my arse cheeks, missing my pussy and clit then returning back up to my shoulders. He did this several times and each time he missed out my pussy I groaned in frustration.

Paul lowered his mouth to my arsehole and flicked it with his tongue a couple of times then moved away, I heard Judy gasp and knew he’d done the same thing to her. “Move forward a little girls” he said, pushing my arse forward as he spoke, then I felt something large at the entrance to my pussy.  I tried to look through my legs to see what he intended to push inside me, but my breasts blocked the view.  Paul slowly pushed the object into me; I felt it easily slide in, as I was so wet, it was filling me, “Bloody hell,” I thought, “it’s huge”.  Paul slid the object in then slowly out until I pushed back against it.  I felt it slide further and further into me until, with a surprise, I was pushing against Judy’s arse, “The bastard, he’s using a double headed dildo on us” but before I could say anything, I felt Judy push hard against my arse, driving the dildo into me.  I pushed back again with the same result and very soon we were fucking each other arse to arse, the impact causing my skin to ripple around my arse and my breasts to swing back and forth, my nipples rubbing on the bed sheet.

Paul hadn’t finished yet.  We were both approaching a massive orgasm when something very cold ran down between my arse cheeks, the same thing must have happened to Judy because I heard her squeal behind me. I looked over my shoulder and Paul held up an ice-cube for me to see, a HUGE smile on his face, then he put it back between my cheeks, circling my arsehole, down to the full entrance to my pussy, the ice-cube melting and the cold water running over the dildo and around to my clit.  I dropped my head to the bed, breathing heavily, but it shot back up as Paul smacked us both on our arses.  The heat from the smack spread quickly around my arse and down to my clit and pussy. I nearly came there and then, Judy had pushed her arse back hard when Paul had hit her and the dildo had shot deep into me, hitting my cervix, I cried out in pain/shock/pleasure all at once, not truly knowing what I felt when I pushed back against Judy and we resumed fucking each other.

Paul let us carry on for another short time then he repeated what he had done with the ice-cube, I only had time to breathe in sharply before he hit my other arse cheek.  I couldn’t believe how my body was responding to this treatment; Paul had never smacked me before, and my body loved it. I started fucking Judy again and she pushed back harder each time, the sound of our cheeks hitting resounding loud in the room. Now we didn’t stop when Paul applied the ice-cube or smacked our arses, we were too close to Cumming and this just added to the pleasure.  

Paul changed tact again and, with two hand fulls of wet, watery ice, he grabbed the breasts nearest to him.  Judy and I both shot backwards and our orgasms hit us, I inhaled and held my breathe as the waves and waves of pure pleasure rolled throughout my body.  I was conscious of someone screaming, not realising until later that both Judy and I had screamed at the same time.  The dildo was buried deep inside both of us, our arses grinding against each other; the orgasm seemed to last for hours before I exhaled and fell forward onto my face.  The dildo slid out of me as I went forward causing after shocks to ripple around inside my pussy.

Paul untied us, letting us stretch out.  I was having difficulty getting my breath back; my heart was hammering in my chest and every now and then, little after shocks would cause me to moan out loud.  Judy was in no better state, her eyes had a glazed look to them, and her hands were squeezing and pulling on her nipples as her after shocks hit her.    Paul left the room, his hard cock pointing the way, and returned with three very large glasses of, what turned out to be, icy cold Brandy Sours.  I turned around on the bed so Judy and I were able to look at each other, “Wow” was all I had the energy to say, and Judy just laughed and nodded.  

We took a few sips of our drinks then Paul said, ”OK girls, watching you just now has certainly made me very hard and I’m sure your pussys have had enough for a while so I think a nice blow job to finish me off.”   Paul positioned Judy and I kneeling on the bed, facing each other and told us to kiss.  I leaned forward and kissed Judy open mouthed, my tongue searching for hers, my hands gently stroking her breasts.  I felt Paul move on the bed then I felt his cock at the side of my mouth.   Paul was standing to the side of us and had placed his cock at the same level as our mouths.  I pulled my mouth back a little, still moving my tongue inside Judy’s mouth as Paul slid his cock between our lips.  Paul started to move his cock back and forward, our tongues rubbing hard against it, occasionally flicking the head as it passed back to the side of our mouths. 

I knew it wouldn’t take long and I was right. Paul started to hump our mouths faster then stopped, he took hold of his cock and pushed it into my mouth where he let me have the first blast of his cum, no sooner had it left his cock then he pushed it into Judy’s mouth, letting her have the next blast, then back to my mouth where he let me suck the rest of it from him.  I rolled his balls gently in my hand as he came more than he has for a long time.  After a minute he sat down heavily on the bed, “Shit that was good” Judy and I laughed with him then lay down on either side of him again, running our hands over his chest and stomach.