 There's something to be said for oral fixations. I have one. If I can safely get something in my mouth, I'll chew or suck on it. I smoke, suck lollipops, play with the barbell that runs through my tongue, chew gum... you name it! Oh, and I love giving head. It's that last one that brings me to tell this tale. 

Over the years, I've been accused of a lot of things. The one that stands out the most, in my mind, was after I gave my very first blowjob. I finished and he looked down at me and told me outright I was a liar. That I had done that before. From that moment on, I decided that there are two kinds of people in this world: Those who were born to give head and those who weren't. I was one of the lucky ones and I made it my mission of sorts, to come as close to perfecting this act as I could. Case in point:

It all started slowly for me. I heard them talking and kissing in the bedroom. I put out my cigarette and walked to the doorway. The lights were on and he had mounted her. Her legs were wrapped around him and they were moving in a beautiful rhythm. I watched and would occasionally close my eyes, tilt my head back and just listen to their pleasure. The sound of their bodies slapping together as he thrust into her harder and harder. Her gasps and moans and the squeals of delight as he filled her, stroking all the right places inside her. It was an erotic symphony. 

Soon my presence was noticed and a sly grin was shot over his shoulder at me. I grinned back and stretched out and put my hands on the top of the doorway holding myself up, taking in the sight laid before me. Their show continued. Their thrusts becoming faster and harder. The sounds she made came from deep inside her. Her pleasure erupting into a massive orgasm that filled the room. The pace slowed, then stopped and they were quiet for a minute. It was then that he stood up and walked toward me in the doorway. He kissed me when he came to the door and then slid past me. It was then I was told that he'd been asked to go and clean himself, that there was a surprise for him.

I walked into the room and we talked while he was doing as requested. She shifted on the bed and sat up. You could feel the anticipation in the air. She was looking forward to this. Truth be told, so was I.

He came back into the room and climbed on the bed. We positioned him between her legs, his back against her chest, his head resting on her shoulder. I crawled up from the bottom of the bed and slid between his thighs. I softly kissed and nibbled at them for a moment, then gently ran my tongue up his shaft, from base to tip. Letting it graze against my cheek, my chin, my lips and then taking the head into my mouth, I softly sucked him. 

Soft grunts and groans escaped him as my lips and tongue caressed the head of his cock and my fingers gently massaged his balls. Running the tip of my tongue down the side of him and occasionally kissing the shaft, I worked my way to his balls and grazed my tongue over them. Sucking the flesh between my lips and rolling it over my tongue, sucking one into my mouth and then the other. Letting them go and slowly dragging my tongue between them, letting my oral jewelry brush against him. 

Looking up, I could see both of them. She was smiling softly, rubbing his chest and brushing the hair from his face. It's then I noticed that his eyes had rolled and gone white from the feeling of my actions. This reaction excited and fueled me. I stopped and made my way back to his now throbbing cock, took it in my mouth again and slid it all into me until it bumped and nudged at the back of my throat. His groans grew deeper, and his breathing more rapid. His hips were slowly rising, lifting my head up, trying to get deeper inside my warm, moist mouth. 

I backed off a little so he knew this is my game to play. He lowered himself again and I slowly worked my way up and down the length of him, occasionally taking him deep enough for my nose to gently brush against his soft patch of hair. I flatten out my tongue, curling the edges around him as I slid my mouth up to the head again and sucked it hard. My head and neck working together to allow my mouth to fuck him.

His hand touched my head and he brushed the hair from my face. I looked up at him and our eyes met. His fingers tangled in my hair holding it so he could watch me pleasure him. Our stare was locked until I again slid my mouth down his shaft and deep throated him again. My pace quickened and I pumped my mouth at the base of his cock and then stopped.

Licking down the side of his organ again and across his balls, I gently lifted them and flicked my tongue over the underside of them, pressing it into that soft, sensitive area behind them. His hips rise up off the bed, his back arched and head back. She slips out from behind him and helps support him. I nibble and nuzzle the tender area. Rolling my tongue over it and teasing it. Sucking it hard and then softly gliding my tongue over it again. 

His body started to settle into his pleasure and he lowered himself back down on the bed. I moved with him and continued to enjoy the task at hand. I started working my way back and forth between his balls and that sweet spot just behind them. I heard him growl, a deep and guttural growl from deep inside himself. I looked up to see him grab hold of her and sink his teeth into her shoulder. She gasped and moaned. She loved that and seeing that I'd driven him to give her that was intoxicating for me. I loved the way he responded to me. It was primal, with no thought, just action. Again I was fueled by this and decided to take things to the next level.

I stopped and looked at her first, telling her to get behind him again. She slid in behind him and I looked him in the eye with an impish grin. Sliding my hands under his thighs, never taking my eyes off his, I lifted his legs, telling her to hold them. She slipped her hands behind his knees and pulled them back. He was totally exposed and open to me. Our eyes still locked, I licked my finger and ran it over his balls and gently caressed behind them again. I watched him until his head fell back against her. I then lowered mine and my mouth went to work again.

Kissing that sweet, soft spot and then working my way back further. I gently and softly touched the tip of my tongue to the small puckered opening and flicked the tip over it. Circling it, lapping at it, then long slow strokes and finally tiny and rapid tickles. His hips rocked and he grunted, growled and moaned, again wrapping his fingers in my hair, almost as if he were afraid I'd stop and move away. 

I'd flatten my tongue out, slowly dragging it against him, letting the barbell I wear tease him. Edging him closer and closer to ecstasy. His body tightened and relaxed under my control. I loved hearing the sounds he made and feeling him move with every stroke, lick and kiss. This was the very reason I enjoy what I do, and he had the greatest responses to me I'd ever experienced. This was pure pleasure for me as well as him.

I worked his ass until the underside of my tongue was sore and his breathing had become so labored that he sounded exhausted. I carefully inched my way up to his cock again, as she slowly lowered his legs. I softly kissed and sucked the head while looking at the two of them. Again she brushed the hair from his face and he and I again locked eyes. They were dark and full of heated desire. 

If I thought he was exhausted, I was wrong. In one swift move, he sat upright and grabbed me, biting my shoulder right where it meets the bottom of my neck. I gasped with delight and passion. When he stopped and looked at me, I touched the side of his face and slid my hand down his cheek to his neck. I stepped back and left the room to clean and prepare myself for whatever surprises he had in store for the two of us when I returned to our little threesome. But that's another story.