 This story is posted on the Literotica website and the author does not give permission for it to be reposted or reprinted anywhere else without consent. There are 18 chapters to this saga and I strongly encourage you to read them continuously (at least the first time around). I think you will find it fun and funny at times, but don't be misled; this is not a warm and fuzzy romance novel. This story contains nefarious characters whose sole purpose is to get laid, regardless of whom they hurt in the process. The themes of non-consent, reluctance, and betrayal are woven throughout the varying topics of interracial sex, lesbian sex, and wife thieving. If these things appeal to you, I expect you will enjoy it very much, if they don't, you should read a different story. My hope is you enjoy reading it as much as I did writing it. I encourage you to stay with it all the way through the epilogue as just about everyone gets what is coming to them in the end... 

***** 

Jenna was the first to wake, she looked over at the clock; it read 11:55 a.m. She couldn't believe it was that late as she carefully slid out from between the girls and tiptoed her way to the bathroom. She looked back and saw both Andrea and Kristen sleeping naked on top of the covers, Kristen's tight little ass and Andrea's shaved pussy and clit loop ring stared back at her. Jenna herself was nude as she entered the bathroom and closed the door, her big tits jiggled as she moved forward and looked apprehensively in the mirror. Little bags existed under her eyes and her wavy hair was a mess. The beautiful blonde still had her make-up on from the night before and dried wax and messy dessert residue was splattered on her tits and stomach. As she started to break away the wax from her tits, her jaw nearly hit her chest, she stared in shock at the number of hickeys on and around her areola. 

Jenna felt uneasy as she turned on the water and climbed into the hot shower. The steaming water felt great on her sex fatigued body, but her mind was jumbled with concern and confusion as she contemplated how she would tell Ryan about her lesbian tryst with Andrea and Kristen. 

When she finished the shower, she dried, wrapped herself in a towel and went into her bedroom. Andrea and Kristen had arisen and were both in the kitchen making coffee. Tears flowed down Jenna's cheeks as the gravity of the situation sank in. She loved Ryan more than anything in the world and the thought of losing him was more than she could fathom. She cried for several minutes before Andrea knocked on her door and asked if she could come in. As her roommate entered her room, she suspected what was going through Jenna's mind as she moved quickly in her direction and squeezed her tightly. The pretty brunette said, "I know you are worried about what Ryan is going to say, but I have an idea that you might want to consider." 

Jenna leaned back and said, "What could I possibly say to him to justify what I've done?" 

Andrea responded, "Jenna you are a very young and passionate girl. I'm sure that is a big part of what makes Ryan love you so much...'in addition to your big fucking incredible boobs'," Andrea thought to herself before she continued, "but you are also at a point where you should have the opportunity to experience things that won't necessarily be available to you later in life. Making love to other women is something that many college girls try in an attempt to validate their sexuality before moving onto other important steps in life." 

She went on, "You know you love boys, but what if you had never experienced what you did last night? You would probably go through life always wondering, what If? But what I'm really getting at, you might be a little surprised at his reaction when you tell him what happened." 

"Are you kidding, he is going to hate me!" Jenna cried. 

"There is the possibility that will be the case, but most guys have a weird attraction to girl/girl sex and I'm betting that after he gets over the shock, he will want to actually learn more about your experience. Jenna, he knows you are not a full-on lesbian so he might be aroused to hear how you made love to two women!" 

Jenna listened incredulously. "There she goes calling it 'making love' again...it was fucking...plain and simple!" 

Andrea continued, "Please listen to what I'm about to say with an open mind and don't hate me for suggesting it, but the best card you may still have to play is offering him to join you in having sex with me and/or Kristen!" 

"What?" Jenna cried. 

"If Ryan is into girl/girl sex like most guys, the only thing he would prefer to watching would be to participate in the action," Andrea explained excitedly. 

"But what if he likes having sex with you guys more than me?" Jenna questioned. 

"Are you fucking kidding me? You are one of the sexiest, most passionate people I have ever met; there is no way he is going to want to leave you for one of us," exclaimed Andrea, "besides, I am moving back to France in a month and Kristen is more interested in girls than boys anyway." 

"What about Paulo?" Jenna asked, not really caring about him, but more about Andrea. 

"I don't think he would prefer Paulo over you either Jenna...just kidding. Did I not tell you? Paulo left this past Wednesday to spend the rest of the summer in Spain. He and I will undoubtedly hook up when I get back to France, but he's just a fuck buddy anyway." 

Jenna felt relieved that Andrea's feelings for her cheating "boyfriend" were only superficial. "So let me get this straight, you are suggesting that I tell Ryan that I had an affair with you and Kristen and while I'm sorry for doing it behind his back, I'm now wondering if he would be interested in joining-in for the next month before you leave for France and we move back to campus?" Jenna asked. 

"Yes, that's basically it," Andrea smiled, "obviously we could set up ground rules that you and/or Ryan could stipulate, like neither of you could fuck me without the other one around. Although personally I hope you don't put that one in place," she joked. 

Jenna got a small closed lip smile on her face before the concerned look returned, "But what if he is totally opposed and hates me for even suggesting it?" 

"Something tells me that won't be the case, but even if it is, what other options do you have?" 

Jenna thought about it for a good long minute, "What if he does agree to do it, then what?" 

"I'm not sure, but I would suggest lots of alcohol and a hot tub!" Andrea laughed at her own joke and even Jenna giggled a little. Jenna knew Andrea was right, but there was just so much to contemplate. "How would she even begin the conversation? Where should she go to tell him?" Regardless, she had to decide quickly as she was to pick him up in a couple of hours. 

After some deep reflective thought, she made up her mind. 

***** 

Jenna picked Ryan up at campus at 5:30 p.m. They hugged and kissed passionately as he lifted her off the ground. "Damn you are a sight for sore eyes," Ryan exclaimed as he squeezed and kissed her. They drove and talked for the 30 minute ride back home. Ryan told her all about camp and his expectation he'd be moving up the depth chart this summer. As they talked, Ryan sensed that something was on Jenna's mind, but she was doing her best to hide it. When they got back to the house, Jenna asked if they could go for a walk on the beach. Ryan got a pit in his stomach. 

As they walked barefoot on the beach Jenna got tears in her eyes. Ryan said, "Jenna what's wrong?" She began to sob uncontrollably. "Jenna you are scaring me, what's wrong?" 

"Ryan...I've been unfaithful to you!" 

"What did you say? He shouted. He felt like a dagger had been thrust into his heart. 

"I'm so sorry, it...it...just happened..." she cried. 

"What do you mean it just happened? Who is he, do I know him?" 

Jenna got very quiet before burying her face in her hands. 

"Tell me Jenna!" He yelled. "Now!" 

"Ryan, I love you so much and never planned for this to happen..." 

He cut her off, "Jenna who the fuck was it, tell me!" 

"...it...it wasn't a guy." She quietly admitted. 

"What? What do you mean...if it wasn't a guy...you had sex with...a girl?" 

"Andrea...and Kristen." 

"Huh? You had sex with both of them? ...But you're not gay Jenna. What the fuck?" Ryan questioned shockingly. 

"It just happened Ryan; I didn't mean for it to, but it did," she said quietly with more tears in her eyes. 

"How long has this been going on Jenna? Have you been fucking her...I mean them...the whole time we've been living here?" 

"No, it just happened last night." His gorgeous girlfriend replied between sobs. 

"Did those lesbos force you to do it?" 

"No, it happened before I really knew what was going on...but I didn't resist. It's no one's fault but mine." 

Ryan walked towards the crashing waves as he tried to process what he'd just heard. He was dumbfounded. He never believed he'd be having a conversation with her about infidelity...and certainly not about her having sex with a girl, let alone two. Until today, he was sure this was the woman he would marry one day. Now he stood numbly, processing her admission of a lesbian affair...with two women no less. Two very hot women... 

This was not news that most guys would ever be 'forced' to contemplate. Ryan now had so many thoughts racing through his mind. On one hand he was furious that she would do this behind his back; on the other, he found himself strangely aroused that she did. As he pictured the scene he found himself very turned-on. 

Jenna walked up and put her hand on his shoulder. "Jenna, I'm devastated that you would do something like this behind my back and I'm questioning whether I'll ever be able to trust you again!" He turned and she immediately noticed the tent in his gym shorts. He noticed her staring at his crotch, "But I have to admit, I am aroused by the admission that you did it Jenna. I know it sounds wrong, but I guess I'm not much different than most guys; the thought of my beautiful girlfriend having sex with two other sexy women is a real turn-on." Ryan admitted sheepishly. 

Jenna's spirits rose, "Andrea said you might respond that way Ryan. I didn't expect it, but I guess I could see why you feel that way," she said quietly but with a bit more hope in her tone. "I want you to know that I was never attracted to girls before this week, but as I said before, it just happened. That said, I don't want to lose you and if you want us to move out of Santa Monica today, I will do whatever you want to do!" She pleaded. 

He thought about it some more and said, "I want you to tell me how it happened and I want all the details. Afterwards I'll decide what I want to do." 

They found a spot down by the water and sat down. 

Jenna decided she would tell him the Reader's Digest version and hope she could avoid spilling all the spicy details. Jenna took a deep breath before she told him that after acing her test on Thursday she went home and was in a mood to celebrate. She made herself a drink and was looking for a movie to watch when she happened upon the adult video drawer. She lied and said she picked out a porn DVD but wasn't aware it contained a girl/girl scene, until it came on. 

Jenna told him she had been very horny all week with him gone and admitted that she was masturbating to the guy/girl scenes with her vibrator just prior to Kristen knocking on the door. 

Ryan's eyebrow raised as he eyed her with a suspicious, yet aroused glean regarding this surprising revelation. "I didn't know she masturbated to porn when I wasn't around..." 

Jenna continued. She told him the video had just changed to a girl/girl scene when Kristen barged in and caught her watching it. "I guess she naturally assumed I liked lesbian sex and came onto me. The circumstances led to us making out and eventually having sex on the couch." 

Ryan was now hard as a rock. 

"Then suddenly, Andrea walked in and caught us uh...making love. She and Kristen proceeded to seduce me and before I knew it, the three of us were fucking on the couch." Jenna opted not to tell him about the marathon fuckfest that lasted well into the morning. 

Ryan wanted to hear more details but figured he could probe for more information later, "So Jenna where do we go from here?" He asked. 

"That's up to you honey, I will do whatever you want, I just hope you can forgive me. I Love You So Much Ryan!" She gushed. 

"Are you now addicted to pussy?" Her boyfriend asked mean-spiritedly. 

She started to cry. "No, I...I...don't know what to say, but I only care about my feelings for you!" She stammered. 

"You didn't really answer the question Jenna! Did you like it?" 

"Yes...I did enjoy making love to them, but not like I do with y..." 

He cut her off, "Then you want to fuck them again?" 

"I wish you would stop talking like that Ryan, I don't want to do anything you don't want me to," she pleaded. 

"What if I want you to have sex with them while I watch...or better yet, participate?" He demanded. 

"...If that's what you want," she responded in a demure tone. 

He looked at her in amazement, "What about Andrea's boyfriend Pablo or whatever his name is? Is he going to stand idly by and no care if his French slut girlfriend fucks another blonde chick?" 

"Paulo moved back to Spain last week, Andrea has no obligations." 

"So the two of you talked about this already?" 

"She told me this morning that you might react this way. She said if this is what you and I want, she would do it." 

"I bet the lesbians would look forward to another roll in the hay with you Jenna!" He said sarcastically. 

"Andrea thinks you are very handsome Ryan. I told her I didn't want her or Kristen to steal you away from me," Jenna smiled, "she promised they wouldn't do that." 

Ryan had to admit that the idea of consensual group sex with the three of them was not something he could possibly turn down. He turned to Jenna smiled and said, "I think I'd be up for giving this a shot!" 

Jenna's eyes flashed and she beamed excitedly before throwing her arms around his shoulders, "Let's go back to the house and I'll give you that surprise I promised!" 

Andrea wasn't home when they got back to the house. Just as they got in the door, Jenna dropped to her knees and pulled down his shorts. Jenna slutily sucked his cock into her waiting mouth and slobbered and licked around the head before engulfing it to his balls. She didn't care whether Andrea walked in or not, she was on a mission to please him at this very moment. Jenna licked and sucked his balls and continued massaging them as she brought her mouth back up and swallowed him deeply. He hadn't had sex in a week and before long he was ready to pop. 

"Ryan, I missed your cock so much, I can't wait for you to cum in my mouth!" She pleaded. 

"Fuck Jenna that feels so good, you're going to make me cum soon!" 

She kept sucking his dick and stroking the shaft faster and faster. She pulled her mouth away and asked, "Is this what you want Andrea to do to you while I lick her horny pussy?" 

"Oh shit...yes Jenna I can't wait for that! But right now I can't hold out any longer! Here it comes...oh fuck...yeah...fuck!" He blasted several spurts down her throat; she swallowed his entire load and hungrily cleaned off his dick with her swirling tongue. She rose to her feet and they hugged as she kissed along his neck, cheeks, and ears. 

"Jenna, imagining you eating out Andrea is such a turn-on! I can't wait to see it." 

"You shouldn't have to wait long; she should be home in a little while baby!" Jenna said as she licked and breathed sexily into his ear. "But right now let's go into the bedroom so I can give you your surprise!" 

"You mean I haven't gotten it already?" He smiled in amazement. 

Ryan grabbed a beer from the fridge before they hurried into the bedroom. Jenna said, "Wait here, I'll be right back!" She went into the bathroom where the new lingerie was already hanging behind the door. Jenna stripped naked and slipped on the hot little outfit before spraying perfume on her tits and down near her pussy. 

She exited the bathroom just as Andrea walked in, her roommate approached her in the hallway, "OMG, you look fucking hot!" Andrea whispered. "Does this mean he forgives you?" She asked as she checked out Jenna's boobs hanging out of the sexy lingerie. 

"Yes, you were right; he was turned on that I had sex with you and Kristen." Jenna whispered back. 

"I knew it! Does he want to do a three or four-way?" 

"Yes he can't wait! Let's meet in the hot tub in about an hour or so." 

"Hell yes, now I can't wait!" Andrea exclaimed. As Jenna started to turn away, Andrea grabbed her shoulders and pulled her lips close and kissed her deeply on the mouth. She said, "Don't fuck all the cum out of him, save some for me!" 

Jenna looked at her naughtily, "You know I can't promise that!" 

Andrea couldn't get over how fucking hot Jenna looked at the moment, "Hey have I told you how sexy your fucking boobs are lately?" 

"Yeah, but it's been about 9 hours!" Jenna replied playfully. They both giggled quietly. As Jenna turned away and reached for the door handle, Andrea grabbed her incredible ass. The busty blonde looked over her shoulder and seductively winked back, she then wiggled her tongue like she was eating pussy. 

Andrea's panties got wet instantly. 

As Jenna entered the room, Ryan's eyes nearly bugged out of his head, his girlfriend looked hot as hell in the little pink negligee as her phenomenal tits were pushed together creating a look that defied comprehension. He loved lingerie on her and this was one of the best he'd seen, the silk stockings and garters accentuated the package and the little g-string barely covered her pussy mound. 

Jenna put on erotic music and danced seductively for him, she turned and wiggled her ass as she erotically slid her middle finger along the crack. She turned again, slipped her fingers down the front of her panties and teasingly played with her pussy. Jenna pulled her slippery fingers out and brought them to his nose, Ryan excitedly inhaled the sweet scent of her heavenly pussy. Jenna's boyfriend hadn't tasted her in nearly a week and couldn't wait to bury his face between her legs. 

Jenna climbed up on top and dry-humped his rock-hard dick as she purred in a sexy voice, "Do you want me to tell you all the details of my unforgettable fuck with Andrea and Kristen?" 

"Yes, every kinky detail Jenna!" He exclaimed with wide eyes. 

"Are you sure you can handle it stud? It was intense; don't judge me if it's hard to hear." 

"The only thing that's gonna be hard is my cock while you tell it!" He replied anxiously. 

She laughed before she told him Andrea would meet them in the hot tub in an hour, so he had to do his best not to pop before then. Ryan said he couldn't make any promises; that outcome was more up to her than him. She looked at him mischievously and said "I'll try!" She pulled his shorts down and licked slowly along his stone-hard shaft. 

Ryan didn't see himself lasting ten minutes, let alone an hour... 

Jenna began telling the story as she erotically stroked his shaft and wetly sucked the head in and out of her mouth, "When Kristen barged in the door; I had thrown on only a long tee-shirt and was naked underneath. After she saw that I was watching the girl porn, she came up, peeled off my tee and rubbed my ass and boobs as we kissed. It was so erotic Ryan, I couldn't stop." 

"You let her do it that easily?" 

"At first I tried to resist, but I was horny from the movie and she was very persistent. When she kissed me the first time it sent a chill up my spine and I couldn't hold out anymore." Jenna looked into his eyes as she stroked his wet dick. 
