 It's an ordinary Tuesday afternoon. I call you late in the afternoon and ask you if you'd like to meet me for dinner after work. I choose one of our comfy restaurants near your office. We drive separate cars, and have a nice meal, winding down with a nice bottle of Shiraz. Much to your (feigned) chagrin, I sit on the same side of the table with you and insist on sliding my hands up your smooth legs, just under your skirt, at every opportunity. Each time, I slip a bit further, until I am softly brushing your sex through your panties each time the waiter turns his back. By the end of the meal, both of us are desperately awaiting the check so we can go home and... finish unwinding.

You never see my car leave the parking lot, but assume I am messing with the stereo.

You arrive at the house to find a large bouquet of lillies waiting for you on the doorstep. Puzzled, you pick up the card, glancing at the bottom to find it signed by me. It says only, in neat print, to look on the kitchen table. You carry the flowers inside, and set the vase on the kitchen table beside a nicely-wrapped gift.

You open it quickly, discovering inside a brand new dark blue silk negligee with matching thong. A note on top says simply "Blue is his favorite color. We'll see you at 9:00."

Your mind starts racing... what has been planned for you on this otherwise routine Tuesday? Who is the mystery guest? You quickly realize that it must be Steve, a tall, handsome young man with kind eyes and a bright smile that we had met almost two weeks earlier for drinks. You can't supress a gleeful smile; you've been wanting to experience him ever since we met him, but thought I had forgotten him. You can already feel your skin flush, your pulse strengthen. This is going to be a night to remember, and you know it.

You rush to the bathroom to get start getting ready. You find the bathtub lined with rose petals, and a new bottle of your favorite bubble bath waiting for you by the side. You treat yourself to a hot, relaxing bath, shaving yourself perfectly clean for the two wonderful men who, in less than an hour's time, will be pampering you in every way imaginable. You turn the heat up a bit, slip on the gorgeous, flattering blue negligee, and get under the covers of our large, finely appointed bed. The soft white sheets and down comforter surround you. You slip off to sleep, rather accidentally...

About fifteen minutes later, you awake to a soft kiss on your neck, and look up to find me holding your hand. Steve is sitting at the foot of the bed. You smile, and try very hard to supress a giggle.

"Hi sweetheart, hi Steve," you say as non-chalantly as you can manage. You hug me, then sit up to hug Steve. I notice Steve trying to stealthily look at your body as you pull the covers back over yourself.

"You don't mind if Steve joins us tonight, do you?" I ask.

"Honey, I've been waiting for this night for two weeks," you reply.

I walk around the room, lighting a few candles and setting up some music while Steve moves closer to you and finally places his hands on your body for the first time. He kisses you, and you feel a shiver of excitement. It doesn't take long before you lose yourself in him, and your hands instinctively begin to explore his body. Very pleased with how things are going, I sit down far enough away to be unobtrusive, but close enough to enjoy the show. You glance over at me, smile, and mouth "thank you." I smile broadly in return. It doesn't take long before Steve has his hands in your panties, and you moan with the hours of anticipation behind you. Steve's face shows his excitement as he touches your perfectly smooth, silky skin, and feels your wetness on his fingers.

You lay down for him, running your fingers through his hair as he begins kissing your pussy through your panties, very gently but deliberately. He runs his hands across your tummy, letting his fingers play across your nipples and down your sides. It isn't long before he's pushed your panties to the side and begins to gently suckle your clit, drawing it into his mouth as he circles his tongue around it. Your legs tremble on his shoulders. I lean forward a bit to get a better view.

He builds you up to orgasm with his mouth slowly and expertly, finally slipping two fingers inside you, gently massaging your g-spot. It's a pleasant surprise that I can *see* you approaching orgasm -- I know exactly how you look, and Steve is doing a wonderful job. You grab locks of his hair and push your hips up to meet his tongue as wave after wave of your first delectable orgasm rushes over your body. You cry out as he continues to frantically lick your clit until your last spasms subsides and you are left panting, your skin rosy.

After you collect your breath, you waste no time in stripping Steve. You finally take his aching cock out of his pants. His large cock feels warm in your hand, and you spend a moment just stroking it, kissing him, before laying him down and getting on top him in the 69 position. You look at me, blow me a kiss, and make sure that you are oriented so I can get the best view of you sucking his cock.

You expertly suck his cock, coating him in glistening wetness, pumping him with your hand to coax his precum into leaking down his head in large dollops that you greedily lick up. Soon you feel yourself approaching a second orgasm, and you stop him.

"I want you inside of me so badly," you say, turning around on top of him. I lean very close, and you lean back to give me the best view as you guide his cock gently into your soaking wet pussy for the first time ever. You look into my eyes for a moment and smile and you rock your hips back and forth, getting used to the feeling of this new cock inside you.

You begin fucking him hard and fast, and I end up on the bed beside you. You lean back, spreading your pussy to let me see his cock buried inside you. I put my fingers around the shaft of his cock, gingerly stroking the base, admiring how gorgeous you look with your pussy stuffed by such a nice cock. Steve expertly delivers you to a second powerful orgasm. When you come back to Earth, you find that I'm naked now. "I want to see him on top," I say, and you dutifully lay back, pulling Steve over you. You spread your legs wide for me to see, and I hold your hand, kissing your fingers as Steve fucks you hard. "You look so incredibly beautiful," I say, kissing your arm, watching Steve's cock slide inside you, your lubrication mixing with his precum.

Soon I am kneeling beside you, my hard cock ready for you. I look into your eyes as I slowly run the head of my cock along your lower lip. "Don't lick your lips," I say, as I lean down to kiss and lick your nipples. You struggle to pull my cock toward you, but have to let go as I move myself away from you. A minute later, I tell you that you can lick your lips, and you collect every drop of precum. You keep trying to put your hand under me to touch my cock, and finally I give in.

Steve continues to fuck you gently, making slow circles around your clit with his thumb, as I finally allow you to take my cock into your mouth. You thrust your hips up to meet Steve's as you take as much of my cock into your mouth as you can. You suck me until my cock is engorged and throbbing, at which point I tell you to get back on top of him.

While Steve gently rocks his hips back and forth, I use a little lube and begin to explore your little asshole with gentle strokes. I slowly work a finger, then two, into your ass while you kiss Steve, his cock buried deep in your pussy. I admire the close-up view as I warm up your ass with gentle strokes. It only takes a minute before you beg me, "Oh God Mike, I'm ready for it... please..."

I use plenty of lube, and gently press the head of my cock against you. You are almost laying down on Steve, putting your ass in the air for me. I lean over, and whisper in your ear how gorgeous you are, and how much I've been looking forward to giving you this experience. You breathing is quick, and I can tell you're nearing orgasm again. You look at me and say simply "I'm a good little slut... I want you in my ass," as you push yourself backwards. The head of my cock slips effortlessly into your ass, and you gasp. You can barely make out words, your eyes squinting, your breath still, your mouth open, but no sound escaping. I hold your body still as I enter you, slowly, gently sliding my cock all the way into you. You tremble just slightly and I hear you whisper, to anyone who happens to be listening, "oh fuck, I'm coming..."

Both Steve and I enjoy the delicious spasms that rack your body in one of the strongest orgasms I've ever seen you have. You cannot speak, you cannot move, you just lay there between us, accepting both our stiff cocks inside you at once, eyes now wide, taking deep, uncontrolled breaths as we both begin to thrust gently.

Each small stroke brings you closer to another orgasm. The feeling of both our cocks inside you is almost too much to bear, and you instinctively begin to climb forward. Two pairs of strong hands hold you still as we continue to fuck your pussy and ass, harder now, both of us beginning to get into it. You moan, one long, drawn out sound. Your body, already tired but unyielding, no longer spasms as your mind is subsumed by one seemingly never-ending orgasm. You float on a plateau of ecstasy you have never felt before, no longer feeling two cocks inside you, but just an aching fullness, every nerve ending firing at once as we fuck your pussy and ass harder and faster.

When both Steve and I are approaching climax, we have to slow down, and finally regain your full consciousness. We are both aware that your body, unused to such pleasure, is trembling uncontrollably. We hold you there between us, helping you relax for a moment, helping you breath.

We clean up and decide that to act out another fantasy. You climb on top of me in our familiar, wonderful 69 position, and I get the absolute delight of helping Steve guide his cock into your soaking wet pussy, inches from my face. I begin licking your clit, sucking gently, my tongue exploring both your pussy and his cock. I massage his balls gently as he fucks your rhythmically. I take short breaks to just admire the view of his big cock sliding almost all the way out of you before he pushes back inside you. You begin sucking my cock, and I soon feel the familiar fullness building inside me as my orgasm approaches. Steve's thrusts are powerful and deep, and I can hear the building tension in his voice. You begin thrusting back on him as you swirl your tongue around the head of my cock, feeling the incredible stiffnes in your mouth, knowing I'm moments away from cumming. Steve's cock grazes your g-spot as I suck on your clit, and you feel your own orgasm building along with Steve's and my own. We all slow down and hang there, in limbo for a minute, all enjoying together the gentle crossing of the point of no return. "I'm cumming," Steve finally whispered as he thrust one last time deep into your pussy. That spark set us both off, and I immediately succumbed to your tongue, filling your mouth with my cum as your orgasm makes your pussy flutter around Steve's spasming cock. I feel his spasms with my hand, each one pushing another spurt of his sticky, salty cum deep inside you. I taste it instantly, though he holds his cock deep inside you while he finishes unloading. You dutifully swallow my cum as your orgasm subsides, and Steve slowly withdraws his cock from your tight, wonderful little pussy. His cum drips from you, over your clit and onto my waiting tongue. I spend a few moments licking his cum from your pussy, enjoying the taste of the two of you mixed together.

We all lay down on the bed... exhausted, satisfied, and spent. The blue negligee lay still on the other side of the room.