 My girlfriend, Julissa, wanted to attend the homecoming game for U of A in Tucson last year, being she is a Tucson native and graduate. Her husband, an ASU graduate like Scott and I, didn't want go, so she asked me to accompany her for the weekend. Scott was all for it and winked at me to have fun and not drain the poor lads too much. I scoffed at him, saying Julissa was too conservative for that kind of play, but I would do my best. Scott replied that a gorgeous brunette like Julissa with big tits and a sultry Hispanic look would bowl the guys over. After the game, we went to a local lounge to drink and dance and meet some young dance partners, so I tried to prompt Julissa for a little more. 

"We're in our mid-thirties!" I scoffed in exasperation. "This is the time when we're supposed to be having the most fun!"

Julissa laughed as she turned and looked out across the lounge. "And by having fun you mean what? We're both married!" she began, as I cast her a disappointing glance. "Getting drunk and making out with random guys without our husbands present?"

"Well, yes! Although I like to do a lot more than just...'make out'." I smiled in anticipation as I knew my last comment would draw a strong response from Julissa and her comparatively conservative sense of morality.

"Well, well," she began as she turned to acknowledge my previous comment. "It seems you and Scott's open-marriage has turned you into quite the little nympho."

I just shrugged as my wandering mind processed my friend's statement. "I think I've always been a nympho," I stated cheerfully. "Marriage and my husband just gave me the opportunity...to try things!" 

"And just what things have you been trying?" Julissa asked, her interest in the topic slowly increasing. 

"Threesomes and swapping," I answered in a soft voice, barely audible over the sound of the music. I began to say something, and then bit my tongue in hesitation. A moment of awkward silence followed before I spoke again. "You know, you don't have to be in a relationship to have sex with someone!"

Julissa frowned and tilted her head to the side as she turned back from the bar. "I am not going to go and sleep with some guy I just met," she stated vehemently. "I'm not going to cheat on my husband!"

"Why not?" I pleaded. "I think it would be good for you. Girls weekend to play. What happens in Tucson stays in Tucson?"

"I'm not a slut!"

"Having sex doesn't make you a slut," I said, shaking my head in frustration. "Don't you ever get...you know...urges?"

"Of course I get urges. Everybody gets urges. But we can't just go around acting on every little urge."

"But we can when we're on vacation!" I shot back with a playful smile. "That's what weekends like these are for. We're going to a place where nobody knows us. We can be as wild as we want. Scott knows what I'm doing and allows me to play with others!"  

Heather narrowed her eyes suspiciously as I beamed back with a glowing smile. "Yeah, too bad you have a strict husband though," I said simply, holding back my smile as Julissa's quickly melted away.

"Yeah. Too bad!"

"Is that why you're pushing me so hard to join you this weekend and have sex with someone? You're trying to live vicariously through me because you know you can't?"

"Okaaaaayyyy," Julissa stated firmly. "First of all...I'm pushing you to have sex because I think you're wound a little too tight lately and I have heard about your lifestyle and you could really benefit from a nice, hard fuck!" 

My eyes widened in surprise and cringed. "I can have sex anytime I want! Husband or not, Scott has been watching and allowing me to fuck other men for 18 years."

Julissa and I shared a brief, tense stare-down before both breaking into laughter. 

"So you do want to be a slut!" Julissa rolled her eyes as her small hands fidgeted with the slender stem of her cocktail glass.

"Yeah...," I answered softly after a brief moment of silence. "Maybe I do!"

Her eyes widened in surprise as she awaited further clarification. "Soooo," Julissa pressed cautiously, narrowing her eyes. "What...do you like?"

"Hmm," I hummed, my eyes looking upwards as if searching for an answer. "I like a guy that takes control. A guy that's not afraid to treat me...well, like a slut and fuck my brains out."

Her gaze transfixed, Julissa brought her glass up to her gaping mouth and took another drink before responding. "So...it turns you on when a guy...disrespects the sanctity of your marriage?"

"No, no, no," I explained. "I don't think of it as disrespectful."

"How is it not?" Julissa chimed in, cutting me off. 

"Okay, let me give you an example. On Halloween, I went to a party at work and ended up meeting a really cute guy. We hit it off and ended up going back to his place." Julissa smiled and leaned in as my voice grew quieter. "So we started to...well, you know. And then he just took control. I had never been more turned on in my life! He bent me over and did me from behind, pulling my hair and calling all kinds of dirty names. It was so hot!" 

Julissa bit her lip as she listened intently, entranced by the story. "He did things to me that I never thought I would like, but I loved it all. Then as soon as it was over he reverted back into the nice, funny guy that he was before. I went home and told my husband and we had the best sex in a long time he was so excited."

"So you don't mind being used as long as the guy is nice to you afterwards?" Julissa asked sceptically. 

"I wasn't used," I explained. "Trust me. The enjoyment was mutual." 

"Wow," Julissa exclaimed, sitting back in her chair, shaking her head in amazement. "So what are some these 'things' that you liked so much?"

"Uh uh," I said, waving my finger back and forth. "I think I've told enough stories for now. You're turn." 

"Oh, I think you'd be disappointed," Julissa scoffed. "My sex life hasn't exactly been on fire." 

"Okay then," I offered with a sly smile, locking her fingers and leaning forward. "Tell me your dirtiest, nastiest sexual fantasy." 

"No way!" Julissa answered adamantly as she took another drink.

"Oh, come on! I know you have some naughty thoughts buried in that pretty little head of yours."

"Maybe I do...But I'm sure as hell not telling you." 

I pursed my lips into a pouty expression as I crossed my arms in feigned disappointment. 

Julissa tried to ignore my scornful gaze as she took another drink.

"Come on!" I groaned in frustration. "Tell me! Two guys at once? Three?"

"Ugh. No way," she answered with conviction. "I would never do that."

"Fantasy, Julissa. It doesn't have to be something you would actually do."

"Okay, fine," she gasped, finally relenting to my barrage of questions. "When I fantasize...I sometimes think about...doing it in public." 

I smiled to portray my satisfaction, while keeping my real thoughts to myself. With the relative tameness of Julissa's answer, I decided not to press the issue by disclosing any more information about my own dirty fantasies. Truthfully, my thoughts as of late had been growing more and more depraved. I had been secretly hoping that my friend would share some of her kinky fantasies, but that was obviously not the case. 

While we continued conversing, the patio grew noisy as the Friday night crowd began filtering in for the usual nightclub pre-drinking. In particular, a group of college age guys at a nearby table caught my eye as I slowly slipped my margarita. Noticing my preoccupation, Julissa glanced over at the group before looking back with a smile.

"Something interests you?" she asked wryly, as I smiled back.

"Maybe...," 

"The blonde guy is kind of hot!" Julissa suggested, pushing a few strands of long black hair back behind her ear.

"Yeah, he's okay," I agreed half-heartedly as I turned to study the group more closely. 

The blonde guy was lounging back comfortably, a Heineken dangling from his fingers. He was wearing a tight fitting red golf shirt that was stretched taut in the sleeves around his tanned muscular arms.

"Just okay?" Julissa asked with surprise. "Come on." 

"He's a little too preppy for me. He looks like he should be in a boy band or something." 

"Ahhhh, I see. Let me guess. Not enough edge?" 

"You got it," I said with a giggle, draining the last of my margarita. 

Again my eyes drifted over to the nearby table as I set the glass back down. Scanning each member of the group discreetly, I found my gaze lingering on one guy in particular. He had a lean, muscular body, although not as bulky as his blonde haired companion. He was wearing a tight fitting black t-shirt with some type of logo spread across the chest. I didn't recognize it, but assumed it was the name of some little known local rock band. His hair was messed up, but in a way that was obviously intentionally styled. He sipped slowly from his glass as he flipped a coin through his fingers.

"Now the guy in the black," I explained, pushing my empty glass to the edge of the table. "That's more my style."

"Ugh," Julissa groaned. "He's wearing wrist bands. I hate wrist bands on guys." 

"I think they're okay," I retorted, inspecting the black leather cuffs adorning each of his wrists. 

As my eyes drifted upwards, I noticed him staring back at me with a contented, cocky smile. 

"Oh shit!" I cursed, turning away instantly. "He caught me." 

"Subtle," Julissa chuckled mockingly, grinning as she revelled in my apparent discomfort.

"That's embarrassing," I said, shielding my blushing red face with my hand.

"Well, you better get it together girlfriend," Julissa warned nonchalantly. "Because he's coming over here right now!"

My eyes went wide as I struggled to compose myself. Julissa, fought hard to withhold her smile as she watched with growing amusement as the stranger approached.

"Hi there," he greeted as he stepped up to the table, hands stuffed into his jean pockets. 

"Hi," we spoke in tandem, before sharing a slightly embarrassed smile.

"Me and my friends were wondering if you ladies would like to join our little party over there," he said calmly, motioning over to the table full off guys, all watching with expectation. 

"Ummm," I answered, wrinkling my nose as I gave him a casual glance. "Looks a little crowded over there." 

"True. True," he said, pulling his hands from his pockets and rubbing them together as he gritted his teeth. "It is a little crowded, but I bet if we slid your table over to ours, we could all be happy." 

We girls exchanged glances before he spoke again. 

"Plus...," he continued as the corner of his lip curled up into an enticing smile. "It looks like you two could use another drink." 

"Well how can we refuse such a generous offer," I quipped, without the consultation of my friend.

Julissa set her eyes in an annoyed expression as I just smiled and shrugged.

"Great," he said, clapping his hands together. "My name's Shane by the way."

We introduced ourselves as Shane waved a couple friends over to help move our table. Julissas irritated gaze remained fixed as I pretended not to notice. Once situated in our new location, I took it upon myself to introduce myself to the group and immediately made myself at home, chatting without inhibition as Shane ordered a couple more margaritas. Julissa, however, remained quiet and cold, sipping her drink with little to no interaction. On numerous occasions I attempted to open conversation between Julissa and the preppie guy my friend had eyed earlier, whose name turned out to be Blake. He, though apparently, seemed to only be paying attention to me as if competing for my attention with Shane. As the group continued drinking and talking, it was divulged that the guys were college students, although they were a few years younger than we women. 

Along with Shane and Blake, there were three others. Mason was a skinny loudmouth who obviously thought more of himself than anyone else did. I immediately disliked him, finding him arrogant and irritating. He tended to monopolize the conversation and seemed to find great enjoyment in making misogynistic and off-color comments. He also possessed a lot of self confidence, which seemed strange, since he probably was one of the least attractive members of the group. It seemed that no matter what direction the conversation took, he would find a way to work in some story about a past sexual conquest. His facial features were sharp and angular, possessing a youthful quality that made him look more like a junior high school adolescent than a university student. He was wearing striped, long-sleeve dress shirt which was unbuttoned a little too far, showing off his flat, hairless chest. 

Sitting beside Mason was Ryan, a plain, nondescript medical student dressed in an equally plain and nondescript grey t-shirt. He seemed quiet and introspective, opening his mouth only to take drinks or laugh at the occasional joke. Several times, I tried to talk to him, as I thought he might make a good match for Julissa, but I soon lost interest in his one word answers. The more I drank, however, the more attractive I found him. Russell was a heavy set guy who probably would have been good looking if he lost a little bit of weight. He had a very outgoing personality with an entertaining, self deprecating sense of humour. His carefree attitude and complete lack of conceit gave him an endearing quality that I began to find enticing as the night wore on. His style of dress was unremarkable as was his hairstyle.

I noticed this and immediately wished I could give him a makeover as I thought a few changes could make all the difference in providing him with an appearance that matched his personality. As the night wore on, the crowded patio began to clear out as numerous patrons began leaving the laid-back lounge ambience for livelier settings. I had consumed just enough alcohol by this time to put me in a delightfully lively mood, although Julissa had barely touched her last drink. The boys seemed intrigued that two attractive married women would be abandoned by their husbands for a weekend in Tucson. A couple of times Mason referred to us as MILFS, but Shane told him to shut up.

"Well," Blake said with finality, as he slammed his empty glass down on the table. "We should go soon. I don't want to be waiting in any lines."

"I think we should go back to that strip club," Mason offered, his eyes lighting up at the prospect. 

"I think once a day is good enough," Shane countered, shutting down his friend's idea as he turned to me to explain. "We were there this afternoon!"

"Oooooh," I teased as I licked a drop of margarita from my thumb. "Strippers in the afternoon. Classy!"

"Oh come on Donna," Mason pressed. "It'll be fun. You can harass your husbands about it later."

"No thanks," I answered adamantly. "I feel like dancing."

"You can dance at the strip club!" he continued, growing excited at the prospect. "Both of you gals have the figures for it!"

"Haha," I giggled. "I think I would need a few more drinks before I did that!" 

"Hey," Mason said, holding out his hands as he eyed me lecherously. "I'll buy you drinks all night, if get up on stage!"

I dismissed the notion with a soft laugh and a wave of my hand. I actually thought it might be fun to go to a strip club and show the guys a hot 35 year old woman, but I knew that Julissa would never go. 

"So..." Shane interjected. "Would you ladies like to accompany us to the bar?" 

"Sure," I answered quickly, earning me another scowl from my friend across the table. I pretended not to notice Julissa's disappointed glare as I continued. "What bar are you going to go to?"

"Whatever one has no line," Blake cut in anxiously. "Which may be difficult if we don't hurry up and leave!" 

"Alright, alright," Shane muttered as he withdrew some money from his wallet and laid it down on the table. "We're going."

As the group excited the restaurant and made their way down the street, Julissa and I hung back a few strides behind the rambunctious group.

"So which one do you want?" I whispered. 

"Which one do I want?" Julissa scoffed, walking briskly with her arms crossed. "I don't want any of them." 

"Oh come on," I prodded, giving my friend a playful shake. "Lighten up. We're supposed to be having fun this weekend. Girls night out!"

"Yeah, but I thought it was going to be just you and I."

"Oh what's the big deal?" I asked, growing annoyed by Julissa's reluctance. "We were planning on meeting some guys at the bar anyways..." 

"You were planning on meeting some guys," Julissa seethed. "I just wanted to have a nice relaxing weekend."

"It will be fun," I promised. "Just try and have a good time. Please." 

Julissa reluctantly agreed, although her sour demeanour changed little by the time the group arrived at the nightclub. After waiting in line for ten minutes, we entered the bar and quickly found an empty table. Russell, Ryan and Mason headed towards the bar to buy drinks while Shane and Blake remained with us girls. As they talked, it became increasingly obvious that the two young men were competing for my attention. Shane mentioned that he was in a band which increased my interest, forcing Blake to sit quietly aside, growing more anxious by the minute.

"Did anyone ever tell you that you look a lot like Emily Proctor?" Blake asked, steering the conversation away from Shane.

"Who?" I asked, as the rest of the group returned, bearing drinks for the table. 

"Emily Proctor," he explained. "You know...the actress. She plays the blonde on CSI Miami?"

"Okay," I answered. "I know who you mean. No...Nobody has ever said that before."

"Here you go," Mason offered, sliding a Long Island ice tea over to me. 

"Thanks," I chirped with a smile. "You didn't put any roofies in it did you?"

"Nah," he answered. "I'm saving all my roofies for someone way hotter than you." 

I feigned offended and pretended to be hurt although I was becoming increasingly impressed with Mason's witty banter. In some strange way, by showing complete lack of interest in me, he was becoming more and more attractive to me. The club soon filled to capacity and the drinks kept flowing. Russell even bought a whole tray of shots for the table, which the group made short work of. As I continued to drink, Julissa begged me to slow down.

"I think you've had enough," Julissa admonished as I braced myself to down another shot. 

"Don't worry," I ensured, waving off my friend's concern. "I'm fine. My tolerance is a lot higher than it used to be you know."

Julissa backed off but remained cautious, secretly monitoring my drink intake. Mason soon left the group to "cruise for chicks," although he had a hard time convincing any of his friends to join him. Blake and Shane remained glued to my side and Russell declined with disinterest. Reluctantly, Ryan agreed and the two took off for a quick tour around the bar. Although, I had originally been more attracted to Shane, I was now finding a hard time deciding which of the two friends I was going to be going home with. I had decided to hook up with one of them, but the decision was becoming increasingly difficult. 

Throughout the night, we girls made frequent trips to the dance floor. I danced with both Shane and Blake, and even managed to pull Russell out for one song. Mason had hit on several girls, but remained alone at the end of the night. By the time last call was announced, I was quite drunk and quite horny. I took turns slow dancing and making out with both Blake and Shane, much to Julissa's disapproval. 

"The girls here are bitches!" Mason spat as the group filed out into the street.

"Awww, don't worry buddy," Russell consoled, throwing a drunken arm around his friend. "We always have the strippers."

"Not tonight," Mason said with dismay, glancing at his watch. "It's closing soon."
