 This is my first attempt at writing erotic fiction. Please give me helpful feedback and let me know if you like the story.

--------------------------------------

"You're having beer with your breakfast?" Whitney asked her boyfriend Jake as she stumbled out of their tent into the morning light.

"Sorry babe, but you girls finished off all the juice yesterday and all we have left is beer and water...and I don't really like water for breakfast."

"Whatever makes you happy," she laughed and patted his head lovingly while giving him a peck on the cheek.

The six friends were enjoying their final few weeks of summer by taking a weeklong camping trip deep into the heart of the Colorado wilderness. Having completed their senior year of high school just months before, they would soon be heading off to different universities. It was the end of an era and they wanted to make their time together special. The six had grown up together and had paired off into three couples in high school. Jake and Whitney. Tim and Chrissy. Will and Hannah.

The friends had gone camping a few times during their senior year, but this was their first extended hiking trip together. The guys had worked for weeks planning their itinerary and the girls had gone shopping for groceries before they left. 

It was no wonder that group had decided to do something athletic for their final hurrah. The guys were all on the baseball team and the girls had become good friends when they all ended up on the swim team their freshman year. All of them were in very good physical condition. 

Jake and Whitney had started dating first during their sophomore year. She had fallen for his blonde hair and blue eyes and he had gone to more swim meets than he could count just to see her tight body in a swimsuit. 

Tim and Chrissy had hooked up on a dare by Jake and Whitney. They bet them that if they went on one date together, that they would fall in love. Just friends at the time, Tim and Chrissy took them up on the dare. They both lost their virginity on the first date and had stayed together ever since. Chrissy was petite with a perfect body while Tim was tall and muscular. They were an odd match physically, but they had no trouble making mind-blowing sex together. A video of one of their "sessions" had even circulated around the senior class. Instead of being embarrassed, Tim and Chrissy were proud when someone would come up and say he'd enjoyed masturbating to their video.

Will and Hannah had been the last to hook up. They had only been dating for a few months and had only "consummated" their relationship the previous week. Hannah was average height and weight, but had full, beautifully sculpted breasts which Will had only touched that one time they had sex.

The sexual tension between the friends had been high for the whole trip. Tim and Chrissy had made out for an hour in the back of Jake's Ford Explorer on the drive to Colorado. 

Whitney had given Jake a blowjob in the front seat while everyone else was sleeping. She said that she gave it to him to keep him awake and alert and it had sure done the trick. He wanted to return the favor, so he ran his hand up her skirt and between her legs and finger fucked her wet pussy. She allowed herself to whimper a little but held in the moans she was feeling for fear of waking up the other passengers. When he was done, Jake took his fingers out of her pussy and sucked them clean. He loved the taste of her sex.

Now they were in the middle of the woods, far from the main trail and even farther from any other humans. They had built a campfire the night before and sat around talking about old times. The night ended with a huge make-out and petting session before each couple had withdrawn to their own tents to make love. For a few minutes the cool night air had remained quiet as each couple had struggled to muffle the sounds of their passion. However, as the feelings intensified, the moans and groans coming from each tent were soon audible to each of the six. Instead of being embarrassing, the sounds of each couple became a turn-on for the others. Hearing their friends in a state of ecstasy was strangely arousing. The couples all came within a few minutes of each other and the area was quiet again until morning. 

Now Jake was making eggs as he waited for everyone to emerge from their tents.

Whitney stood next to him, brunette hair tussled but looking sexy as ever. She was wearing only her boy-short panties (that Jake loved) and one of his t-shirts that didn't quite cover her perfect ass. 

He stirred the eggs with one hand and reached up and gave her tight ass a playful squeeze with the other. The sex the night before had been fulfilling but they were obviously still very horny.

Tim and Chrissy were the next to emerge. He was wearing only a pair of cargo shorts and she had on only a pair of gym shorts. No shirt. No bra. Just a perfect set of slightly-smaller-than-normal perky tits greeted Jake and Whitney as she walked over to them. 

The friends had certainly lost most of their inhibitions around each other over the last year. They had spent many nights making out in the same room. Sometimes one or two of the couples would even strip down to their underwear. But the real turning point was the day before when they had all six bathed together in the river. There was reluctance at first, but soon they were all six buck naked together and unashamed. The girls took turn washing each other while the guys tried hard to hide their erections.

Now 4 of them were sitting around a fire. Whitney with no pants on and Chrissy with nothing on top. 

Will and Hannah were the last to leave their tent and they came out fully dressed, much to the disappointment of the others. Though the couples had stayed faithful to each other, each of the six was definitely attracted to each of the others. Hannah was in a pair of tight, short khaki shorts that barely covered her exquisite ass and a halter top that showed off her descent sized boobs. 

"What do you guys want to do today?" asked Hannah as she and Will sat down to share a plate of eggs. 

"We could go back to the river to bathe," Chrissy said with an impish grin, "I am pretty dirty."

"You are a dirty girl," Whitney chimed in and leaned over and gave Chrissy a sensual kiss on the lips.

"What are you girls doing kissing each other?" Tim asked, astonished but aroused at the same time. 

"Lighten up Tim," Chrissy said as she walked back over to her boyfriend, "You're just jealous. With that she sat down on his lap and began passionately kissing him, her perky tits exposed to the cool morning air. He reached one hand up and began to slowly caress her erect nipples. 

"You guys should get a room," Hannah interrupted.

"Do you see in rooms around here?" Chrissy turned and replied to her friend and then winked at her.

"Everyone's obviously a little horny right now," said Jake and he slid his hand down the back of Whitney's boyshorts. "Why don't we retreat to our tents, take care of some business, and meet back here in an hour or so and then we can go on a hike or something."

"I think I have a better idea." It was Hannah this time. "Why don't we play strip poker!"

Everyone was startled. Not at the suggestion of strip poker, but because it was shy Hannah who had made the suggestion. 

"Wow Hannah, you're certainly coming out of your shell," said Chrissy. "But I'm already at a disadvantage," she said as she cupped both of her breasts in her hands and made a puppy dog face. "Let me run and get some more clothes on."

"I'm going to go put on some pants," Whitney said and Jake frowned as he saw her soon-to-be covered ass walking back towards their tent. "Don't worry guys," she said over her shoulder, "you guys know how bad I am at cards...I'm sure I'll be wearing less than this before too long."

Soon the six were back around the campfire more, bundled up than they needed to be for a nice, sunny morning in the woods. The girls sat in camping chairs while the guys sat together on a log. 

"Ok," Jake said while shuffling a deck of cards on the cooler in front of him, "let me refresh everyone on the rules. Each time you lose a round, you must remove an article of clothing. The last person with anything on is the winner. Any questions?"

"I have a suggestion," Whitney said with a devilish look in her eyes, "How about the first two to lose have to pair up and have sex. Then the next two to lose do the same. Finally the last two will be the last to get it on."

"That sounds like you get rewarded for losing," Tim said.

"Fine," said Whitney, "we don't have to do it that way."

"No, it sounds like fun," said Chrissy.

"But what if the person we are paired up with is not our boyfriend," said Hannah reluctantly.

"That's just a risk you'll have to take," said Will looking playfully at his new girlfriend.

"Ok, I guess it sounds like fun...and I am pretty horny," Hannah said licking her lips.

"What are we waiting for then," Jake said, "I'll deal."

Hannah won the first round and the other five removed one article of clothing. Jake took off a shoe. Tim tossed his hat. Whitney took off her pants again.

The next few rounds were won by different people each time and soon Whitney and Tim were only wearing their underwear. 

Tim glanced over at his girlfriend Chrissy (who still had on most of her clothes), shrugged and made a face that said, "I'm not trying to lose." 

Tim won the next round with a full house. Whitney, who had on only her boyshorts and a sports bra crossed her arms behind her back and slowly pulled off her top, revealing a beautiful set of breasts. 

Tim looked over at her, knowing that he would soon be fondling those breasts and his erection began to show through his boxers. Instead of becoming jealous, Chrissy looked over at him and smiled as she slipped off her own bra again. 

"One more round and you're out, Whitney," Jake said jealously.

"I'm sorry babe, but you know I suck at cards."

Whitney actually won the next round. Tim was in his boxers only and Whitney in her panties and they knew their coupling was inevitable. Most of the rest of the group were fairly naked at this point, and they were aroused enough by the sight of each others bodies that it didn't matter who they would be "paired up with."

Jake won the next round and Tim and Whitney stood up and walked towards each other wearing only their bottoms.

Tim's erection was showing through his boxers as he walked over to where Whitney was now standing. He glanced over at Whitney's boyfriend.

"Are you sure this is ok with you Jake?"

"Rules are rules, my friend...have fun."

With that Whitney and Tim embraced and began making out in front of the others. He was taller than her and her full breasts pushed hard against his torso as their tongues danced together. She left one had slip down to his waist and began massaging his erection through his boxers.

"Ahem," Chrissy cleared her throat. "I believe you two forgot something," she said staring at Tim's boxers.

The kissing pair laughed as they realized they had forgotten to remove their underwear. 

"Let me help you with that," Tim said as his fingers worked the elastic down around Whitney's waist. Not a single hair greeted him as his eyes traveled down to her perfectly shaved pussy. He then quickly removed his boxers and they were back at it again, making out and feeling each others' naked bodies. 

Whitney's back was to the guys still sitting on the log and they had a perfect view of her sculpted ass that Tim was playfully spanking with his left hand. His right hand was fondling her breasts. Jake and Will could see her swollen pussy lips between her legs, her finger occasionally dipping down to touch them. The guys were aroused now and so were the girls.

Chrissy slid her hand into her panties and began rubbing her clit as she watched her boyfriend caress one of her best friends.

Hannah, usually shy, fully removed the rest of her clothes and began masturbating next to Chrissy.

Whitney and Tim had become oblivious to the crowd around them and had their hands between each others legs. She squeezed his balls with one hand and his shaft with the other. He let one finger slide into her moist pussy...then two.

"Oh fuck, that feels so good. I want you in me, Tim," Whitney whispered in his ear and she got down on her hands and knees. "Take me from behind."

Whitney's held her sexy ass high in the air and waited for him. The other guys could see the wetness of her pussy. Her breasts hung down from her chest and her nipples were aroused. 

Tim knelt down behind her and slowly slid his hard cock into her waiting pussy lips. She gasped a little as he entered. He looked down at her perfect ass and watched as his cock disappeared into her womanhood.

"Fuck, that feels good," she said.

Tim grasped her hips and pulled himself even deeper into her until his balls were pressed against her sex. She moaned and he moaned back. He began moving slowly in and out of her, occasionally slapping her ass as he thrust. With one hand he reached underneath her and fondled her hanging breasts.  

"I can't take this anymore," Chrissy said from her chair. She stood, removed her panties, and walked naked over to the guys. Her breasts bounced as she walked up to Will and Jake. Her perfect naked swimmers body made the guys even harder and they no longer tried to hide their hard-ons. 

"Jake, why don't you go over there and play with Hannah? She used to have a crush on you, you know?"

With that, Jake removed his boxers and walked over to where Hannah was sitting, nude herself. She loved the hardness of his body and his cock and she gave herself willingly to him. With one quick motion Jake picked her up out of her chair, laid her on the ground next to it, and went to work.

That left Chrissy standing in front of Will. His eyes traveled from her perky tits down to her shaved pussy. 

"You are so beautiful, Chrissy," he said as he reached out and began stroking her toned leg. "Are you sure Tim won't mind?"

"I think Tim has his hands full right now," she giggled as they looked over to watch Tim and Whitney fucking doggystyle just 10 feet away. 

"Why don't you take off your boxers, Will? I've always thought you had a big dick, but now I want to see it."

Will obeyed and lifted himself off the log a little so he could slide his boxers down to the dirt below. His large cock stood straight up as he sat back down on the log.

"Wow!" Chrissy gasped. "I was right."

Will blushed a little at the site of his erect cock. He wanted Chrissy badly and it showed.

"Can I sit down?" Chrissy asked with lust in her eyes.

"Of course," he said as he shifted over to make room for her on the log.

"I don't want to sit beside you silly...I want to sit on you."

Chrissy turned around so that her tight ass was only a foot from Will's face. He reached out and gave one of her cheeks a nice squeeze. He licked one finger and let it run down the crack of her ass to her anus and then to her wet womanhood. 

"Have a seat," he said.

With that, she lowered herself down over him. She slowed her descent as his hard rod began to push apart her pussy lips and enter into her. Her juices lubricated the head of his cock and she let herself sit all the way down on his lap. His huge cock filled her but somehow fit. Her ass cheeks were resting on his abdomen, her legs on his thighs. 

"Shit, you have a big dick," she said for all to hear. "But I like this seat and it has a good view."

From their vantage point they could see Tim and Whitney fucking away.

"Fuck me Tim," Whitney cried out loudly. "This feels so fucking good."

She was rubbing her clit with one hand and balancing herself on the ground with the other.

Back on the log, Chrissy had begun moving up and down on Will's shaft. His cock was throbbing inside of her as she squeezed it with her tight pussy. He loved the view from behind of her cute little ass moving up and down and his cock disappearing again and again into her. He kissed the smooth, tanned skin of her back as she bobbed up and down on him. She reached back and put on of her fingers in his mouth and let him suck on it. With her other hand she massaged her clit.

Just when Will thought he was about to explode inside of Chrissy, she jumped off and began walking over to Tim and Whitney who were still fucking doggystyle near the fire. She went and stood directly in front of Whitney's face.

"Will you eat my pussy?" Chrissy asked.

Whitney didn't even respond. She just stuck out her tongue and Chrissy moved forward a little so the tongue could reach her pussy. She had to squat a little to and in doing so, her pussy was spread wide for Whitney's tongue to explore.

"Oh Whitney, your tongue feels so good in my pussy!" Chrissy moaned.

Whitney just smiled and looked up at her friend lustfully while Tim continued to pound her pussy from behind. 

Chrissy let Whitney stick her tongue all the way into her pussy while she rubbed her clit herself. A few moments later she felt something hard on her lower back and realized Will's cock was pressing up against her. She turned her head so that she could see him out of the corner of her eye. He bent his knees and let his cock rub against her back and down to the crack of her ass. She gave her ass a little flex when his cock was there. 

"Put it in," was all she said.

Since her pussy was currently occupied by Whitney's tongue, Will knew that she was talking about her ass. He used one hand to reach between her legs to her soaking cunt and used the combination of cum and Whitney's saliva to lubricate his cock. Then he used both hands to spread her ass cheeks open.

When Will began pushing into her anus, she let out a pleasureful yelp. Her tight ass hole squeezed his cock hard and he knew he couldn't last long but we wanted her to have what she wanted. 

"Oh Will, put your cock all the way into my ass," she said. "It feels so good!"

He grabbed onto her hips and began pumping her ass with his cock.

She threw her head back in ecstasy.

Behind them in the dirt, Hannah was riding Jake like a cowgirl.  Will managed to look over his shoulder and see his girlfriend bouncing up and down on his teammates cock. He loved seeing her receive such pleasure and his eyes locked in on her tits as they bounced up and down and side to side.

His attention was captured again by Chrissy as her ass tightened even more and she began moaning loudly.

"Fuck, fuck yes, fuck yes, fuck yes," Chrissy wailed. "I'm going to cum soon."

Will removed his cock from Chrissy's ass and spun him around to face him. He grabbed her by the legs just under her ass and hoisted her pussy up onto his dick. She wrapped her arms around his neck and moaned as he thrust himself and quickly in and out of her throbbing pussy. He took her nipple into his mouth and sucked it while he fucked her. 

"Oh God, I'm cumming," she moaned as she threw her head back in ecstasy.

Her pussy contracted on his cock.

"I'm cumming too baby," he grunted as he spewed his load into her already drenched pussy. 

The orgasm lasted a long time and by the time it was over they were both sweating and shaking.

Will lowered Chrissy off of his cock and kissed her deeply.

She then walked over to Whitney who was still on her hands and knees in front of Tim. 

"I want you to eat Will's cum out of my pussy," Chrissy told her and Whitney opened her mouth.

Chrissy once again straddled Whitney's face and spread her pussy lips open with her fingers, allowing Will's hot cum to drip into Whitney's mouth. As she swallowed the load, Tim announced behind her that he was about to cum.

"I want you to cum with me Whit," he said to her.

She used her middle finger to rub her clit violently as he pummeled her pussy with his cock from behind.
