 I hadn't known Briana very long, maybe six months or so. She was a pleasant young lady that recently filled a vacant spot in our departmental secretarial pool. Being somewhat outgoing and wanting to stay "in good" with the secretaries, I did my best to socialize whenever I stopped in to get my mail or with an administrative need. The last thing I wanted to do was be considered the boring old professor who only comes in when he needs something. Fortunately, I don't look my age, and I certainly don't act like a "boring" professor, that is if I listen to the ladies I interact with. 

Most days the conversations with her are pretty upbeat, and depending on who's around it can, at times, be a bit flirty. As with any work environment you have to be concerned with the dreaded "sexual harassment" charge, so I am extremely careful about when and where I say anything that might be off color, and I learn quickly who is and is not acceptable to have around for those comments. Many times they are limited to my office, where I have learned it is better to always keep the door closed. 

This afternoon though, my usual comment to Briana returned a very sharp "What do you want?", with a very heavy emphasis on the you.

"I'm sorry. I just said hello." I said somewhat startled.

"Oh, I'm sorry." She said quietly. "I didn't mean to bite your head off."

"You seem upset, anything I can help with?"

"No not really. It's personal."

"Well, if you need someone to talk to, you know where to find me." I said trying to give her a reassuring smile. 

"Thanks. It'll be ok." She said, the look on her face telling me it will be anything but ok.

"You sure about that? You look like you are half way between pissed and crying."

"That would be a good description. I don't know whether to cry or be mad, but right now I think I'm both."

"Really? What's going on?" I asked, sitting down on the corner of her desk to let her know I wasn't going anywhere.

She looked around the office to see who could overhear, and then just loud enough for me to hear without the rest of the office overhearing her she said. "I went home at lunch time to surprise my boyfriend. He had the day off of work and I was going to have lunch with him. When I got to the house he was busy screwing my roommate on the living room sofa."

"Wow!" I responded quietly. "I can see why you're upset. I'm not sure what I can do to help you, but it sounds like you're going to be in the market for both a new boyfriend and roommate."

"Oh that's for sure. Men! They're all just mean bastards!" she practically spat out.

"Ouch." Was my simple reply.

"Oh I didn't mean you! I mean you have always been nice to me."

"Well, I try." I said not at all sure where to go from there.

"I'm sorry." She said putting her hand on my thigh and rubbing it up and down a few inches in a physical apology. "You're definitely not in that group."

"Well, thank you for that. If you need anything, even a couch to flop on, let me know, ok?"

"Ok, thanks." She said, moving her hand back to the computer key board, unconsciously putting an end to the conversation.

The next few weeks were indeed rough for her, and she did avail herself of my guest room for several days while she arranged new living quarters. Briana isn't a swimsuit model by any stretch of the imagination. She is short, maybe five-five, and a bit on the chunky side. Certainly not fat, just not a size zero. I learned that she did wear a size 4 panty, when I found one of her rather skimpy ones mixed in with my laundry after she left. I was a perfect gentleman while she was in my house, making sure that there was no pressure on her to do anything other than be a guest. My wife of course would have had a fit if she had been in the country, but once again, the US ARMY had their own plans for her and her talents, and I felt it would be better if she didn't know I had a female guest for most of the week. 

Not that she didn't trust me....but well...she didn't trust me, especially after introducing her to "playing" outside the relationship. It had been a struggle for her, adjusting to that, but in the end, we both found it improved our own relationship in bed, but some very strict ground rules were instituted. The biggest one was that we didn't play separately any more. It was together or not at all. 

We talked about it before she left and I had her permission for an occasional exception while she was gone, but was trying hard to be a good boy and not go looking for trouble. I really did prefer it to be with her instead of separate from her, and she appreciated that fact. Separate just ran too many risks for someone deciding that the grass wasn't only greener on the other side of the fence, but, well....better in other ways. Neither of us wanted to tempt that particular issue, so we both decided separately to try and be good unless we were together. In that light I didn't need her worrying if I was being good with a single woman living in the guest room.

Don't get me wrong, I found her to be very attractive, and I could tell that on one or two occasions she had pleasured herself late at night. She simply wasn't quite quiet enough for as close as the two rooms were. Having separate bathrooms also made a lot of things easier, although I did catch her one day slipping from the bathroom to the bedroom across the hall, naked, giving me the briefest glimpse of her completely naked body and a nice profile of her well rounded breasts and hard nipples. I kept my mouth shut about it not wanting to embarrass her. 

After about five days, she got herself settled into a new place and moved out, much to my disappointment. It had been kind of fun to have someone else around to talk to.

As January snows turned to February chill, things had been quite lonely at home. It's amazing how much you count on a person to just be there to talk to, and how much you don't realize it until they aren't there. I think that Briana saw my loneliness and stopped by my office frequently to chat. Those discussions pretty soon turned to anything goes conversations, with sex or lack of it, being a periodic topic. I was surprised one day when she stopped in and dropped a pink envelope on the desk for me, and then sat down on the corner to wait expectantly.

"What's this?"

"Read it and see." She said with a grin.

I opened the envelope and drew out an invitation to a party, a "non-valentines" party to be exact. "What is a non-valentines party?"

"Well, since I don't have anyone to spend valentines with, I decided to invite a few friends over for some fun. We'll have some music, eat lots of junk and have some fun."

"Just what kind of fun are you talking about?" 

"Oh I don't know...girl talk, maybe some games, haven't really nailed it all down."

"So who all is coming?"

"Well, Samantha, Liz, Mandy, Jennifer, Trudy and maybe Karen."

"All ladies? Why in the world would you want me there?"

She leaned toward me and whispered. "I wanted to do something nice for you for putting me up for almost a week. I know it's not your idea of a great time, but I really do wish you'd come. I promise, we'll keep the girl talk to a minimum."

"I don't know, this sounds like a hen party to me." I said shaking my head. 

"Oh come on. I know you're lonely. You didn't fool me one bit while I was there. I saw how poorly you slept and you seemed absolutely happy to have someone else to cook for. Come on, let me return the favor."

"Ok. You talked me into it." I answered with a chuckle. "If nothing else I can find something on tv to watch and eat some of your food."

"That's the ticket. I knew I could talk you into it." She said with a laugh as she got up and headed to the door. "See you tomorrow night!"

I shook my head and wondered just how I managed to let her talk me into that.

**********

Two days later I walked up to the house she was renting and knocked on the door. I wasn't exactly sure what to expect, so I dressed somewhat casually, a pair of dockers, my silk pullover shirt and my brown leather sport coat. The outfit went well with my signature leather hat. When she opened the door I felt instantly underdressed. Briana stood in a long red dress that seemed to cling to her body, accenting her curves and highlighting the size of her breasts and her uncharacteristically large valley between her pressed together breasts.

"Wow!" I said quietly, feeling like a school kid on his first date, not someone almost twice her age. 

"I will take that as a compliment." She said as she stepped back to let me come into the house. Her normally tied back brown hair was free and seemed to flow and bounce with each slight move of her head, framing her face and occasionally slipping in front of her green eyes that seemed to bore straight into me. 

"You are absolutely stunning!" I said as I stepped into the house and let her close the door behind me.

"Didn't think a fat old gal like me could dress up this nice?"

"I have never considered you fat in any respect, and, no, based on how I see you every day at work I had no idea you could look so....hot when you dressed up."

"Well thank you, and I have to say, you look quite handsome tonight yourself."

"Well, that is a compliment I don't hear very often."

"Maybe not, but I have no doubt a lot of ladies think it." She said with a girlish giggle.

"Come on, let me introduce you to the ladies." She said, looping her arm into mine and walking me down the hallway and into a spacious living room. "Ladies, this is Mike. Mike, let me introduce Samantha, Elizabeth, Mandy and Trudy." She said motioning to the four ladies that were getting up from the curved sectional sofa where they had been sitting chatting. Samantha stepped over and extended a hand, asking that I call her Sam, even though she didn't look a bit masculine, especially in her short red dress. She was quite a bit shorter than I was, even a tad shorter than Brianna. She was rounder than Briana also, but most definitely not unattractive, especially in the short red dress that showed a lot of her simply massive creamy breasts. As I gently lifted her hand and kissed it, I could see her nipples begin to harden even through the lacy bra that almost showed through the top of her dress. I released her hand as Elizabeth stepped forward, a broad smile on her freckled face. 

"Please call me Liz." She whispered as she kissed my cheek, her body so close to mine that I could feel one of her small unrestrained breasts press against my chest through her red silk blouse. She was nearly as tall as I was, and I had to restrain my hands from sliding down her sides to her red leather skirt that was so short I thought I might be able to touch the hem without trying to hard.

"I'll be happy to if you'd like." I said as she stepped back, the smile never leaving her face. 

"Well, when she said she was inviting a hot guy to our ladies only party, I was kind of upset and thought about not coming, but seeing you....well, I'm more than happy to meet your acquaintance." Mandy said as she stepped over and extended a hand.

"Well, I'm certainly glad you did come." I said taking her hand and kissing it like I had Samantha's. It gave me a chance really take in her slim Asian figure, encased in a red spandex dress that hugged every inch of her body, leaving me to wonder if she had on anything under it, either panties or any kind of bra to hold her c cup breasts. I guessed that I could easily pick her up, being about the same height as Briana but only about a hundred ten pounds.

"And last but I hope not least. I'm Trudy." The tallest of the group said. She was medium build, maybe a hundred fifty pounds, and every bit as tall as I was. Her short blond hair was in tight curls around her creamy complexion, framing her face and sparling blue eyes. 

"I would say not." I said as I let my eyes drink in the long red dress that was more like a front and back held together on the sides with a series of little ties. As she stepped toward me I could see the dress separate and expose one of her long legs all the way to the hip, the exposed skin the rest of the way to her shoulder letting me know that she wasn't wearing a darn thing under it. That made her medium sized breasts all the more enticing, realizing that the way they were standing was not because of any extra support. I took her hand and started to lift it to kiss, but she stepped closer to me, slipping inside my arms until her hips were pressing against mine, trapping my hardening cock between us. She wrapped her free arm around my neck and pulled her face to mine, gently kissing me on the lips, her hot breath breathing into my mouth.

"Ladies, the goal of the evening is to have fun, not try to seduce Mike." Briana said as Trudy released me and stepped back. "Why don't you ladies show him to a seat."

"Of course!" Mandy said, slipping an arm into mine as she stepped up next to me. "He can have one next to me."

"And of course a drink, what would be your pleasure?" Sam inquired.

"Actually, I've never been much of a drinker. I tend to shy away from it if I have to drive." I responded honestly.

"Well, let me chose something for you. I am sure that if you feel unable that one of us can drive you home, or even find you a guest bed here." She said as she turned and walked toward the kitchen, leaving me with the distinct feeling that if I wasn't careful I was going to end up being the party entertainment. I looked at Briana, hoping to find some help there, but saw only a sly grin and a twinkle of her eye, neither of which reassured me as ideas clearly flitted through her mind as to the possibilities before her.

"I think we might as well play our first game. If Jennifer does make it she can jump right in." Briana said to the room, her mind having clearly decided a direction for the early evening. The room was quickly rearranged so that a small low, round table sat as the focal point between the curved sectional sofa and a number of comfortable chairs. We sat in a rough circle around the table, Mandy still clinging to my left arm and Trudy making her way to sit close on my right, but not too close, almost as if she planned on being just so far away. Briana was the last to sit, almost directly across from me, setting a card game of some kind onto the table before us. She shuffled the cards and dealt them out until each of us had ten cards. 

"Ok. This game is quite simple. You each have ten cards with questions on them. The idea is to be the first one out of cards. We take turns going around the circle, each person either playing, or drawing a card from another player. You roll the dice and then play a card with that number on it, answering the question on the card. The person to the left of you has to guess what the question was. If they are correct, you get to lay the card down, as well as choose one from their hand to lay down. If they guess wrong, you don't get to lay the card down, and you have to each pick one from the pile. Some of the questions are much more....suggestive? than other cards, and if you don't want to answer them you can wait, hoping that someone will pick that card from you and get to discard it without answering. The first one out of cards wins." 

"Sounds like fun!" Sam said as she set my drink down in front of me and moved to sit in the remaining chair. 

"Good. Let's get started then." Mandy said rolling the die on the small table.

For the most part the game was fun, some of the questions being pretty tame, "What is your favorite food", "What is your favorite color", that kind of thing. A few of them were more suggestive, like "what did your first kiss feel like". The game went for almost an hour before Sam went out of cards, winning the game.

"I think its time to go to the R rated deck!" Briana said with a grin as she got up from her seat. She came back a few moments later with a yellow set of cards and unwrapped the cellophane from them. "Almost the same rules, but the questions are supposed to be a bit more risqué. I haven't read them yet so we will all learn together. Instead of always picking the person next to you, you have to roll the dice and the person that number of spaces to your right is who has to guess this time." She said as she dealt out ten cards to each of us. True to her word, the questions were much more suggestive. My hand included such things as "what part of your body is your most erogenous", "What is your favorite type of oral sex", "where was the most unusual place you have had sex", and that sort of thing. The one question I hoped I didn't have to answer was "Which person in the room would you most want to have sex with." It had the potential of causing a problem, and as much as I didn't want to answer, I did. My answer, however, was very vague - although it did seem to please them all. I simply stated that "with all the incredibly sensual and gorgeous women in the room, how was a man to choose?" All in all I thought it was a lot of fun, and I learned a lot about the ladies in the process.

"And with that I win!" Elizabeth said with a huge smile after Sam guessed that reverse cowgirl was her favorite sex position.

"And so you do!" Briana said with a laugh. "I got stuck with four cards."

"Well, I need a bathroom break." I said as I got up.

"Down the hall on the right." Briana said as she got up and stretched. 

I returned to find the ladies all sitting back down, a fresh tequila sunrise was sitting in front of my seat. In addition there was a new color deck of cards, this one read with a large X across the back for decoration. "New cards?"

"Yep." Sam said with a crooked grin.

"This is the...advanced... deck. You don't have any objections if we spice it up a little more do you?" Trudy said as she slid a little closer to me so her knee was touching mine. 

"I suppose not." I said with a shrug. So far the game had been a little risqué, but nothing I couldn't handle. Heck it could be fun to hear a few more provocative questions, as long as I didn't have to answer too many myself. 

"Oh good!" Briana said with a giggle. "I'll deal the cards. Oh yes, one twist in this one, the person you roll the dice on gets to pick a card from your hand to play, you don't get to pick it."

As the cards came I picked them up to see what kind of questions I would be dealing with, and was, well....shocked. My first card said "Take your partner's panties off with your teeth", followed by "Kiss your partner's nipples for one minute", "Have your partner take one item off of you of their choice". The game had suddenly changed dramatically, and lord knows what the ladies had in their hands.

"I guess I'm first." Sam said rolling the die and getting a three. "Ok Trudy, pick a card!" she said holding her hand out toward Trudy. Trudy reached out and drew a card. "Suck your partners left nipple for one minute." She read. "I haven't ever done anything like this before."

"Don't feel alone." Trudy said shyly. "I've never had a woman suck my tits either, maybe I should ask Mike to help me slip it out of my dress."

I took one look at the dress she had on and wondered just how I was going to do that.

"Silly man, you're just going to have to take it off of me." She said with a slightly drunken slur. She stood up and stepped in front of me between my legs, her long red dress clinging to her body. I reached for the hem and slowly slid my hands up her legs, dragging the dress with them. I continued to slide them up her body, exposing her bare legs and then her completely shaved mound and pussy before I started to run out of reach. "Here, let me help you." She said, kneeling down on the sofa, slipping one knee over each of my legs so that her pussy was spread and pressing against my already hard cock through my slacks. I continued sliding my hands up her body as she raised her arms, my hands slipping across the sides of her breasts as I worked the snug material up over her head. I dropped the dress where she had been sitting, leaving her dressed in nothing but her red heels. "Thank you!" she said as she leaned down and gave me a wet kiss, her hips rocking gently against mine. She finally broke the kiss and rolled off my lap into her seat to allow Sam to come suck her breast. I looked down and found that my pants were damp where she had been rubbing against me.
