 Standard disclosure: all fictional characters, all over 18. This is a personally produced work. Any questions, contact the author. Enjoy.

*****

Sometimes I hate Canada's unusual weather. All I really wanted to do was go out to the movies with my friends, but with two feet of snow and minus 32-degree temperatures, (only supposed to last one more day) it seemed much easier just to stay in. At least I wasn't alone, two of my friends lived only a block away and were willing to brave the cold to come keep me company for the night. And they knew me well enough to bring wine as well, which guaranteed they'd be welcome at any time.

Ben and Jade were a surprisingly good match for each other. Despite the saying about opposites attracting, they had a lot in common and went as well together as any two people I had ever met. Ben is tall, in great shape, and has these amazing piercing ice blue eyes. Unfortunately, he knows how good he looks, and is kind of an ass about it, but Jade pretty much keeps him down to earth. 

Jade, now she is exactly how I envision the perfect woman to be. She's even more athletic than him, tall, lean, and doesn't hesitate to tell Ben when he needs to shut up. I always feel a little plain when I'm next to her, but she often tells me how she'd prefer my fuller breasts and rounder ass, and sometimes I think she's just trying to make me feel better, but I've seen Ben look long and hard enough at me to know that she might not be the only one that would enjoy them now and then.

I've always had a thing for Jade, and I think she knows it, but I've never came out and told her. To be honest, even though I'm a lesbian, I've caught myself taking a quick look at Ben now and then. He might be arrogant, but I can't deny that he's a fantastic physical example of what I'd want my man to look like if I ever decided to have one. At any rate, I had resigned myself to an evening at home alone, the three of us had cancelled our movie plans after we decided we weren't going to travel anywhere in that kind of weather, but just as I got settled on the couch under my big blanket, there was a knock on door. I got up to answer it, and as soon as I opened the door, they both barged past me, shivering and stamping the snow off of their boots.

"Shit Kat, get out of the way! It's freezing out there!" Jade said as she passed. 

"Well, sorry! Maybe tell me before you're coming over?" I replied.

"Hey, we knew you wanted to watch a movie so we thought we'd hang out with you and watch some Netflix here. Besides, I brought your favorite." Jade said with a smile.

"That's right, here I am! Everyone's favorite...oh okay, here you are," said Ben in his usual cocky style, producing two bottles of red wine, "but it doesn't taste as good as I do!" I rolled my eyes and took the bottles out to my living room, then grabbed three glasses while they removed their snow-covered winter gear.

By the time I got back to my living room with the glasses, they were already cuddling up on the couch getting their warmth back. Jade was looking as good as usual in her sweater and jeans, Ben had a black long-sleeved shirt, which admittedly, did showcase some nice definition in his torso, and jeans of his own. With anyone else I might have been self-conscious in just my plain warm pajama top and pants, but we all knew each other too well for me to be too worried about what I was wearing. I was warm and comfortable. 

We all took shelter under the large blanket I keep on the back of my couch, Ben and I on the ends with Jade between us, and Jade made sure we all had full glasses of wine in reach. I don't even remember what movie we watched, some comedy that I'm sure Ben only chose because of the gratuitous female nudity throughout. About an hour in, after repeated crude comments from Ben, and two or three substantial glasses of wine for each of us, I started to notice that Jade was not really paying much attention to the show, and was starting to take slower deep breaths. Really, I couldn't help but notice, as the three of us were packed pretty close together, but it was pretty obvious that Ben's hands were both below the blanket and were not keeping to themselves.

"Ok you two. Keep it under control on my couch." I told them.

"What's wrong, Kat? You're not some kind of prude, are you?" Ben teased.

"Of course not!" I blushed. 

"Good." He smiled and leaned over to kiss Jade. I could see her lips open immediately to let his tongue inside. I tried to ignore it and concentrate on the movie, but it was nearly impossible. She was clearly enjoying it and looking so good doing so.

The blanket started to fall down to our waists, I watched Ben kiss his way down her neck, and one of his hands started to go up her sweater. I knew Jade wasn't wearing a bra, she never does, as her breasts are small and perky, and as his hand reached her tits, I felt her fingers entangle themselves with mine, right on my lap.

I'm sure it was the wine, but I thought, what the hell, this was clearly a better show than the crappy movie we were watching, and started to focus on what my friends were doing instead. Ben began to raise Jade's sweater up to her neck, allowing me a clear view of those perky tits I mentioned. I had seen them before, at the gym changing, but it was different with Ben's hand cupping them, stopping to pinch a nipple now and then, and overall making her close her eyes and lightly moan. 

Without even realizing it, I had already brought my free hand up, under my own top, and started to mirror what Ben was doing to Jade. My breasts are fuller, and fit my hand nicely, but every movement and pinch was being copied, almost on autopilot. Jade let me hand go, brought it down to my thigh, and just left it there while she relaxed and enjoyed his efforts.

I pulled back just a little bit, not wanting to interject myself into things, but definitely wanting a better view. Ben got tired of holding the sweater up, and had Jade put her arms straight up so he could remove it completely. Unconsciously, I started to lean forward for a better look, and that's when Ben lowered his mouth to Jade's closest nipple and began to lick, suck, and lightly graze his teeth across it.

Jade looked right at me then, catching me staring. She shot me a quick grin, raised her hand up the back of my neck, tangled my hair in her hand and brought my lips to hers. I couldn't believe it! I'd always had secret thoughts of kissing her, (well, and much more) but I never ever expected it. Her tongue was across my lips and in my mouth before I could put together a single thought, and I was kissing her back instinctively. Finally, she pulled back, still grinning, and just stared into my eyes. Hers were a deep brown and I could see the feelings of lust in them. 

Ben's mouth hadn't stopped this entire time. Jade caught my eyes flickering between her face and her breasts, gave me a small, knowing nod, and leaned her head back. There was no way I could resist, I lowered my mouth to her other breast and ran my tongue across her nipple even more hungrily than Ben was doing. For a minute, there were no sounds other than Jade's quiet breathing and moaning.

Eventually, I realized that Ben's motion had stopped. He was just staring at me with that asshole smile of his, I was half embarrassed and half trying to pretend it was no big deal. He told me, "I guess you might not be a prude after all."

"I told you! But that's as far as I'm going! This isn't...isn't...something I do!"

Jade jumped in, "Maybe not, but it's something we do, so if you want to watch you can, but we're not finished." With that, she pushed our blanket to the floor, unzipped her jeans, and pushed them off before I could say a word. I don't know if I even had words to say, she was naked on my couch a foot away from me, her athletic body and, I couldn't help but look, shaved pussy on display.

Ben was already shirtless and standing, I was too preoccupied to have noticed him doing any of that. But I must admit, he looked just as good topless. Muscular but in a lean way, from pecs to abs, he was certainly a sight to see. Of course, he was a man, and an arrogant jerk at that, but why couldn't I turn away from them? 

Jade reached to him to unbutton Ben's jeans, but he stopped her. "No, wait. If Kat's going to watch then she can't hide behind those pajamas, she needs to play along with the rest of us."

I started to object, no way was I going to listen to him, but Jade immediately agreed. "You're right baby, let's see what she has under there!" With that, her lips were back on mine. She clearly knew the effect that had on me because she had my top unbuttoned and off my shoulders before I could react from the surprise of her kiss.

"Damn Kat, I always knew you had a nice rack under there! You should show it off more!" Well, I always thought I did, but I never imagined this asshole seeing it. Still, I just blushed and said nothing. 

Jade turned back to Ben, "There you go baby, something to look at, now let's see what else you have for me." She sunk to her knees before him and started unbuttoning and unzipping his jeans again.

I was in a daze, my half-drunk thought was "What the hell..." and I shrugged off my top, but moved back a little bit to have some freedom from Jade's touch and influence, while still having a great view of what was coming. I've never been interested in straight sex, or voyeurism, but as long as it was happening, I was damn well going to have a good view. 

Jade had him unbuttoned, unzipped, but stopped. She looked over to me with what I can only call an evil expression, and asked me, "Do you want to see?"

I couldn't say anything. Why the hell would I want to see him? If anything, I wanted to see her. Maybe I just didn't want to take the chance on her stopping, but I bit my lip and gave the barest of nods. 

She started to pull down Ben's jeans, grabbing his boxers along with them, but Ben reached down and grabbed her hands. "No," he said, "her first."

Jade looked back up at Ben, smiled, licked her lips, and slowly slid over in front of me as I sat stunned on the couch. She rose up, brought her lips to barely graze across mine, then she kissed her way down the side of my neck, across my shoulder, back to the base of my neck, and slowly down between my breasts. As she started to kiss my tight stomach, I brought both my hands up to lift my breasts and squeeze them firmly. I was totally dumbfounded at my dream girl working her way down my body. She slid her fingers inside the waistband of my bottoms, and looked up at me once again with those deep brown eyes, waiting for my approval.

"Yes." It was barely a whisper, with the tiniest nod again. This is what I wanted. She slowly pulled my panamas down, exposing my firm thighs framing my tight, shaven pussy. Her long hair grazed my legs as she moved down, and the light touch made me shiver. Once she had them totally removed, I was sitting there totally naked in front of them both. I looked over at Ben and caught him staring, taking in every inch of my exposed body. I can't lie; I saw the bulge in his pants from his arousal and felt a little proud of myself for helping to cause that.

I brought my attention back to Jade as she wrapped her hands around my ankles, she gave the slightest outward pressure to each, not enough to move me but enough to carry the message that her piercing stare was sending. She wanted to expose me fully, to show off exactly how wet I was to herself and Ben. I didn't dare nod, I wasn't ready for that but I knew I would never be able to resist her if I tried. 

She could read each of those thoughts going through my head. She knew I was nearly helpless to my desires. She stared into my eyes while slowly licking her lips. Her eyes flickered to my lap and back to my face. God, I wanted to spread wide for her and just have her dive in so much! But I wasn't that girl. I couldn't let myself go like that.

Jade smirked again, and turned her attention back to her boyfriend. He was giving me the most cocky look he had, like he was just waiting for me to break, and was nearly startled when Jade ran one fingernail down the bulge in his jeans. Once she had his attention back on her, she continued pulling down his jeans in one slow motion and didn't stop until he was as naked as both of us girls. 

Fuck. Why did that arrogant jerk have to have such a big cock? I'd never actually been this close to one in real life, but I'd seen enough porn to know he was above average. I don't think it was that thick, but once Jade wrapped her hand around it, there was still half of it exposed. She began stroking it slowly, but quickly dipped her beautiful face down to start licking the head as well. 

Ben was just leaned back, relaxing, clearly enjoying the work his gorgeous girlfriend was doing. I had to get a better look; I slid down the couch into the spot Jade vacated, nearly brushing Ben's side. He saw my movement and I watched his smile her bigger, both due to the efforts of Jade's tongue, and the sight of a hot, naked lesbian watching the action.

As Jade's lips began to engulf the head of his hard cock, I felt Ben's hand around the back of my head, before I could react, he pulled me towards him and started kissing me! I almost pulled away, but my wine-soaked brain rationalized, "This really isn't any different from a woman, this is ok." 

He finally broke the kiss as Jade's mouth dipped nearly the entire length of his cock. Damn, the girl could deepthroat too! My jaw was nearly dropped upon seeing this. As Jade came up for air, she said, "Do you want to come see?" I told myself I was just going to get a better look, nothing else, so I nodded and lowered myself to my knees beside her. I was maybe a foot away; Jade smirked, looked back to Ben, then her mouth went wild on him. She was licking, sucking, sliding her lips and down in a way that proved to me she was certainly an expert. For Ben's part, he was torn between throwing his head back in pleasure, watching Jade sucking, and watching me staring.

Eventually, Jade stopped. I knew this was coming. She tilted Ben's cock lightly towards me, "Do you want to try?" Thank God I was ready for this and had already steeled myself to shake my head no, but damn, it was close. I tell myself now that I just wanted to try it, and maybe to show Ben I wasn't a prude, but there's still a primal part inside of me that just needed it. Fuck, that part was hard to hold back for a minute.

Luckily, I had an idea to resist further temptation. Jade's tight ass was in the air as she leaned forward to bob her pretty head up and down. I slid my hand down her back, across her ass, and slipped one finger straight into her dripping wet pussy. Her muffled moan was all the encouragement I needed. A second finger slid alongside, she was so wet and tight, I was getting off just from the amazing feeling of my fingers inside of her. 

Unfortunately, I must have gotten her too worked up, too fast, because Jade jumped to her feet, turned around, and brought her pussy down on Ben's cock in one fluid motion. Fortunately, that left me with the best few I could have hoped for. I saw that beautiful girl's body in all its glory. Her pretty face and the expression of pleasure within, those small breasts firm on her chest but bouncing just a little in time with her, and that dripping cunt stretched wide by Ben. Ben himself was clearly enjoying the feeling, but still maintained that half-composed, half-arrogant look he had worn all night.

Jade beckoned me towards her, as I rose, she took my hand and sucked my wet fingers into her mouth, sucking and licking them just as she had Ben's cock only a minute earlier. I let her go for a short while, but this time I was going to take some initiative and surprise her. I gave her the most lustful grin that I could and dropped to my knees in front of her. 

Jade was otherwise distracted, Ben was still keeping an eye on me but both were surprised when my tongue flicked our across Jade's coltish gasped and nearly jumped right off Ben's cock, but a few tight little circles later and she had her rhythm back while using my long hair to make sure I didn't stop too soon. There was never any actual danger of that, I was finally eating this hot girl's pussy and I had no desire to let up now. 

Jade's moans turned to yelps, she began to start screaming at us uncontrollably. "Yes! Fuck me! Give me that cock! Lick my pussy! Fuck, I'm going to come!" Her little cunt got even wetter as she came for us, her juices were drenching my lips and coating Ben's long cock. She never did stop fucking Ben though, but kept up slow movements of her body, sinking all the way down, pausing, then coming nearly all the way back up.

The only thing that was bothering me a little is that Ben didn't make a noise the entire time. Yeah, he had his perma-smile on, yeah he was rolling his hips up at Jade, but he just kept this overall air of superiority, like nothing would surprise him and he was somehow completely in control. Damn it, I wanted to change that!

Thankfully, Jade's pussy was so sweet and wet that I would have done anything to keep tasting it. I followed Jade's bouncing pussy with my tongue, at first following her clit so I could keep licking it and driving her wild, but then one time, Jade rose and I did not. My tongue tasted those sweet juices off of Ben's rock-solid cock. Just a little light swipe but it was still my tongue, never used on a man, on his long, pussy-soaked dick. I slid it up and down a few times, and I swear I finally heard Ben let out under his breath, "Fuuuuuck."

Jade's ear was not far from Ben's mouth. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw him lean forward and whisper something. I couldn't hear what, but it didn't take me long to get the gist of it. She tangled her fingers in my hair again, much harder this time, twisted my head a little and held me in place. Now my lips were against the shaft of Ben's cock, sliding up and down, catching every drop of Jade's sweet pussy juice. I was at the wrong angle to see his face, but I'm sure he was looking proud of himself again. 

But that evil bitch wasn't done yet. She pulled my mouth along with her body until my wide-open mouth was hanging in the air right over where just the head of his cock was barely still inside her gorgeous pussy. Fuck, she knew that if she moved even an inch farther, that cock would slip out and fall inside my mouth before I could move. She knew exactly how to push me, I don't know why, I didn't want it, but I didn't try to fight or even close my mouth.

I was staring into Jade's dark brown eyes, desperately trying to convey the message, "Please don't move," while desperately trying not to convey "because I won't be able to stop myself." Damn, did I secretly have a bi-streak? Or was my need to get laid just starting to overwhelm me? My heart nearly stopped as Ben began to whisper to Jade again. What the hell was he planning? 

Jade disrupted our frozen tableau by both pushing me back and raising herself off of Ben's cock. It didn't miss my mouth by much but luckily, it still missed. Unluckily, I didn't catch on to the fact that they had another plan until it, and Jade, were already in motion. Jade jumped off Ben and onto me quick as a cat. Before I knew it's she was straddling my chest, pinning my arms to the floor.

I struggled to get up, but he was on top and in great shape. I didn't really have a chance. I felt two larger, stronger hands part my thighs, and Ben, taking advantage of my surprise, had his tongue inside me in a flash. My head was spinning with surprise, confusion, and pleasure. As far as I could remember, what babbled out of my mouth was "Fuck! No, no, no, yes, no, yes, yes, fuck yes, you asshole, don't stop!"

He did. Again, asshole. "Don't stop what, Kat?" he taunted.
