 Standard disclosure: all fictional characters, all over 18. This is a personally produced work. Any questions, contact the author. Enjoy!

*****

When Ben returned with our firewood, we were already half a glass of red wine down each. Jade and I had quite literally barely caught our breath, but were doing our damnedest to look like we had been sitting there drinking the entire time. For a moment, I wasn't sure if we had given something away, because the first words out of Ben's mouth were "Well, shit. I was really hoping to come back to something more interesting. Why did I buy so much booze if there wasn't going to be hot lesbian action happening?" I started at first, but realized that he didn't actually suspect anything had happened, and had simply made a normal horny man's comment.

Jade was first to answer, "Babe, you're going to have to get more than a glass of wine into us if you expect to be seeing anything like that." I just blushed a little. I don't think I hid it that well. They both noticed it.

Ben confirmed that, "Hmmm...just tell me the amount ladies, and I'll be happy to supply it. Looks like Kat doesn't mind the idea at all. How about it? How much is it going to take for a repeat performance?" He was obviously referring to the night that we did all get pretty tipsy and had fun together. I didn't really do too much with Ben that night, although it was close, but that's when Jade and I started our mostly-secret relationship.

I finally had a chance to speak up, "Hey, your girlfriend is right there man, don't come looking at me for your fun." I was smiling while I said it; it wasn't accusatory, just teasing.

Ben sat down next to Jade, put her arm around her, and told me, "Oh, I would, trust me. Last time we were here alone, I had my way with this beautiful girl six or seven time, among other things. I just wouldn't want to embarrass the prude in our presence."

Ok, that was still teasing, but inside I was slightly offended that time. (Wait...what other things?) I was a little too surprisingly offended to hold onto that question in my head though, I had been really coming out of my shell lately, or so I thought. Granted, much of that was with Jade and he didn't know a thing about that, but still, I'd been naked and fucked his girlfriend in front of him, he knew that wasn't as true as he acted. I simply said, flat out, "Whatever, you two can do whatever you want, I'm not going to stop you, you should know that by now if you pay attention at all." 

Jade slid a little closer to Ben, ran her hand down his side and onto his lean, muscular thigh, "Oh really? You don't mind what we do then? Do you pay attention at all?"

Of course I did, but there was no way that I going to admit that. "Hell no, you two do whatever you want, I'm just going to sit here and enjoy the day." It was still mid-afternoon, sunny and warm. I had wine, sun, quiet, and really, they weren't going to do anything too crazy in this semi-private area.

Jade put on a big grin. "Ok then, if you say so. Just talk amongst yourselves." With a giggle, Jade slid off her chair and onto her knees in front of Ben's. He was only wearing a t-shirt and shorts, but Jade wasted no time turning that into just a t-shirt. Ben looked surprised for just a second, but quickly regained his composure and smirked at me, while his girlfriend's long dark hair began to cover his lap. From my angle I couldn't really see that much, but it was obvious that the little slut had already began to suck his cock!

My expression of shock must have been obvious, Ben's next comment was, "Kat, unless you plan on being next, maybe you should close your mouth. I thought you weren't bothered?"

"Uhh...No...I'm not...bothered. Just surprised. I guess I didn't realize your girlfriend was so easy." I tried to come off as sarcastic, I was a little jealous, but it was still largely covered by surprise.

"You better get used to it, because we're not done this weekend by a long shot. She's way too hot to keep my hands...and other parts...off of her for long." Yeah, I understood that one. "If you ask nicely, maybe you can play again too later?"

Shit, I was already getting horny watching her hot body bob up and down. Don't get me wrong, Ben was great looking too, for a guy, but Jade turned me on like nothing else. Even watching her with him was heaven. "Ask nicely? I think you should be asking me if you wanted some of that from me?" I replied. (Fuck, my big mouth. That was way too close to an offer.)

Ben thought he saw an opening there, "Oh? So if I asked, then what would you say?" I stuttered for just a second, but Ben continued on. "So, you act like you can watch this just fine," tilting his chin downwards towards Jade's ministrations, "but then you can't back it up?"

"Hey now, you're just trying to catch me off of guard. I'm not admitting anything just because I'm drinking and your girlfriend has no shame!"

He saw that one too. "Ahhhh, so there's something to admit!" I blushed again, hard, but he took pity on my expression, ...I think..."Ok ok, tell you what," he started, (At this point I had to admit to his ability to banter with what was happening to him. Apparently he had some great self-control), "I'll promise to stop teasing if you promise to just answer my questions honestly, ok?"

I only sort of saw where this was going, but I was pretty off balance, "Fine. You ask your questions, but no more screwing with my head."

"You got it, but hopefully you don't mind if I keep screwing hers?" he said with a laugh. At that, Ben pushed lightly on Jade's shoulder. She slid over to the side so instead of just seeing her back, I saw the side of her face and body as she bobbed up and down on Ben's cock. Lucky fucker did have a nice one. Not to mention a gorgeous woman working it. "Hey hey, that doesn't count. Ok, first question, since when do you wear bathing suits like that? As long as I've known you, you hide your body, even though you have no good reason to."

I was fucking wearing it because Jade made me. But I couldn't tell him that. I compromised on the honesty thing, "I just thought I should start to relax more. I've been told I've got a pretty decent body so I thought it was worth a shot." That's basically what Jade told me anyways. Close enough.

"Whoever said that was dead on. You're stunning, and it's great to see you realizing it. So, are you actually ok watching this? I know that guys aren't really your thing."

That was true, but I didn't actually have any objection to seeing guys naked, or couples having sex. "Nah, I don't mind at all. Just a little surprising, really. I didn't expect to see this, at least not...without a lot more to drink in her."

Ben was quick with his answers, "Even though you've seen more? Hell, done more? In your place, I would have figured either you expected a repeat of our last time all together, or if not, you wouldn't have came at all." I was wondering how long it would take him to get to that point. He was obviously trying to ask if I wanted to do it all again.

I needed to get ahead of this quickly, so I responded, "Ok, listen, I'm going to lay it all out for you. You guys were both fun, and I don't really know what I want. But both of you are fucking hot, and if you play your cards right with us both, you'll probably get to see as much as last time. I wouldn't mind being next in line after you, if you know what I mean." I was referring to Jade, bringing her oral skills to the table.

Ben laughed. "With you both? I don't know if you noticed, but she doesn't need much convincing, do you baby?" he asked Jade. She started to pull off of him to answer, but Ben just gently pushed her farther down and kept talking, "You'll do whatever I tell you, won't you?" He held her there as she moaned and attempted to nod in approval. "See? I don't have to worry about my girl, she never says no to me. It's just a question of what you want."

Jade pulled off of him long enough to notice my discomfort. "Ben, don't scare the poor girl. Listen Kat, nobody's going to make you do anything." she winked as she said this, probably because I had already fucking agreed to her to do anything! "However, anything you do agree to, I'm not going to mind at all." With that, she continued sucking his long cock again, faster and harder this time. She was clearly trying to bring him closer to a finish now.

Ok, I had a problem here, and even with my thinking process distracted by her beautiful face engulfing his dick, I could put together this much; She does what he tells her. I do what she tells me. Therefore...shit.

"So how about we do it like this," Ben began, "She and I will do what I want, and anytime you feel like playing along, you just jump in? Can't be any more fair than that."

He was right, that actually, surprisingly, was fair. And I had already agreed to at least half of that with Jade. I nodded back. Really, what I wanted was Jade to myself, but she was far too hot to turn aside the chance to have some approved fun with her in front of Ben. I still planned to fuck her on the side every chance I got, but I wasn't going to spend the weekend missing out.

Ben was breathing much harder now. He was obviously getting close to finishing in Jade's hungry mouth. "Oh God, she's going to make me come soon. Should we make this deal properly? Do you want her next?"

I realized I was breathing a lot deeper and faster by this point too. Yes, yes I did. Again, I could only nod back. I wanted her more than I could say and I didn't give a shit if he was there to see or hear it. My own hands were barely under control. I caught myself almost groping my tits or my pussy and pulled them back at the last minute.

"You hear that, baby?" he said to Jade, "Kat's next, you finish me off then get your hot little ass over there and eat her out too. Yeah, that's it...I'm going to... ...come...come on...fuck yeah!" Jade's mouth never stopped moving. Her lips stayed tight around his cock as he came down her throat. The little bitch knew what she was doing obviously, as he lost control of words and just enjoyed the feeling of her hot, sucking mouth. I was starting to feel overheated from watching this, and I started to think, what the hell, may as well start now. I untied my swimsuit top and let Ben stare at my revealed tits as he came.

"Fuck yeah, you are both such hot fucking bitches..." he groaned out as Jade started to slow down. As Jade finally pulled off of his cock, Ben reached down to remove her top as well, leaving us both nearly naked before him. He then reached across to slap on her on the ass. "Great job babe, now her turn, go ahead.", he said while nodding at me. Jade turned to me with a hungry look in her eye and crawled the four or five steps over to my chair. She was kneeling in front of me just as she had Ben a second ago. She put her hands on the inside of my thighs when I stopped her and pulled her up to me.

I didn't think twice about where she'd been, I just gave my lover a deep, long kiss. Even though Ben had just came in her mouth seconds before, I didn't care, I just didn't want them to think I was being pulled along helplessly in this. My tongue explored her entire mouth, and honestly, I think I could taste a hint of what she had just been doing, but if she didn't mind, I certainly didn't. I knew where she was going next, and as long as I had this much control, I was sure going to keep it.

"She gives good head, does she?" I asked Ben while I untied the sides of my swimsuit bottom. "Let's make sure of that." I spread my legs under Jade's hands and, to her credit, she didn't stop for an instant before diving in. Despite all the playing around we had done for the last day, I hadn't actually had her mouth on my pussy in a while, and I quickly remembered how much I missed the feeling. I was still nervous about Ben sitting right there watching the whole thing, but Jade was too skilled for that feeling to last long. She wasn't stopping to tease or lightly touch me very much, she was working hard to give me pleasure, and right now I was too horny to mind.

"Shit, I could watch this all night," Ben told us, "You girls going to keep this up all weekend?" 

Jade moaned out what sounded like a muffled confirmation, at the same time I gave back a breathy "Hell yeah..." I had my head thrown back, eyes closed. My hands were cupping my tits, lifting them as Jade's tongue worked its magic.

I just relaxed and went with it for a few minutes, gasping as I enjoyed Jade's tongue on my wet little cunt. I was brought back to my senses by Ben asking, "So, is she doing a good enough job for you?" I just nodded without ever opening my eyes. "Are you going to answer more questions or should I tell her to stop?" I shook my head back and forth. Hell no, no way, she should not stop! "So, you have enough breath to keep answering?" Once more, my head went up and down eagerly. "Well, I don't want to disturb you too much, so how about I just ask and you nod or shake your head." I nodded a little for that one too.

"You want to fuck my girlfriend more this weekend, don't you?" Nod.

I cannot stress enough how teasing and seductive Ben was trying to make his voice here. I could tell he was trying, but it was still hypnotic. The cadence, the firmness...

"You don't mind if I fuck her in front of you at all, do you? " Shake.

"Do I keep getting to see that hot fucking body of yours this weekend?" Nod. 

He'd already seen it all twice, there was no point in saying no there.

"Did you like watching her blow me?" Nod. 

Yeah, it was hot, I couldn't deny that.

"Did you wonder what it would be like if you did it?" I did pause here, but yeah, I did wonder. Nod.

I was getting closer and closer to orgasm. Neither one of them was letting up at all.

"Is it possible, not guaranteed, but possible that you'll find out this weekend what it's like?" Shit, with how horny these two were making me every chance they got, yeah it was fucking possible. I took a deep breath, but... Nod.

"You relax and open up much better when someone else guides you, don't you?" I had already been fucking learning that so... Nod.

"So, do you think it would be best if we went nice and slow, and just assume everything's ok unless you say no?" Yeah, I was starting to think that was the best way to deal with me. I was getting very close to coming, but still, Nod. 

Maybe I nodded too vigorously this time. I was distracted, Jade's hands were on top of my own now, squeezing my tits, firmer, stronger than ever before. She moved my hands to my sides, I let them hang loosely while she took over.

Suddenly I realized, Jade still had one thumb massaging my clit while her other hand held me open for her tongue. My eyes burst open to see Ben standing over me, rubbing my tits, teasing my nipples with his fingertips, tugging and twisting just a little as he went. The fucker had snuck up while talking and I didn't even notice! However, I didn't give a damn, Jade was about to push me over the edge. I opened my mouth to begin to let out a moan when I saw Ben's head descend to mine. He kissed me hard, I began to moan into his mouth as his tongue explored mine. As my hips started to buck into Jade, my hand fell across Ben's body. I felt just a touch of his hard abs, but his hand quickly descended to my wrist and redirected it. Before I knew what was going on, I was gripping his cock, still rock-hard despite coming so recently. The show must have really been turning him on. That was my last thought before I cried out, "Fuck! Jade! I'm coming! Do it, come on! Fuck...yes!"

I closed my eyes during my orgasm again, I swear I saw stars regardless. It seemed to last forever, because by the time I caught my breath and opened my eyes again, Jade was already rocked back on her heels, her beautiful face glistening with my juices. I stopped and gazed at how gorgeous she was, while I enjoyed the afterglow of my orgasm.

Only then, did I realize that my hand was still wrapped around Ben's cock. He was standing beside and over me, watching me with a huge smile on his face. I was moving almost without thought, slowly stroking him back and forth. Fuck, it was so hard and smooth! I wasn't doing it on purpose but it didn't feel that wrong, I just kept stroking lightly while I caught my breath fully. 

I looked back and forth between Jade and Ben, both of them had these ridiculous grins on their faces while they watched me and my obvious confusion. Ben moved slightly closer, so by now my hand was no more than a foot from my face. Jade was the one to ask, "So, Kat, you get to decide. What's next?"