 ...they're not working!...

Panic surfaced in my mind, as I pressed my foot down again on the brake pedal, only to be rewarded with a dull thump as it hit the floor.

...Oh god oh god oh god...

I swerved, realising that I had been veering into the other lane. The oncoming traffic honked their horns and I caught several drivers angry glances or upturned digits faced in my direction. I looked to the dashboard, to see the needle on the speedometer still rising, even though I had taken my other foot off of the accelerator, while I repeatedly thrust down against the brake pedal, hoping it would somehow suddenly start working. I glanced down further, to see the accelerator had jammed against the floor.

...this can't be happening to me...

But it was. I looked up again - just in time to see the tailgate of a truck in front, it's own brakelights blinking back at me as if to say 'look, mine work!'

...oh fuck!....

Just in time to see it - not avoid it.

* * *

"...he's got a pulse..."

I found myself staring down on the scene of an automobile accident - my crash. Firefighters. Paramedics. Cops. The firefighters were cutting me out of my wrecked Chevy.

I stared with a mixture of horror, astonishment and fascination as they pulled me free and onto a readied stretcher. The paramedics knelt beside my body, one placing an oxygen mask over my face. A thin silvery thread seemed to stretch down from me to the body on the stretcher below - or should that be from my body up to where I was trying to take in this strange view? Was this one of those 'out of body experiences' I had heard tales of? Was I dying?

Everything went hazy, and then black.

* * *

I 'awoke' again, this time in what was obviously a hospital room. I was led - my body was led - out on a bed, one arm in traction, and a bandage around my head. A tube was fed down into my other arm, from a drip. After a few moments, I realized that I could move my angle of view, and then, I raised a hand. Not a hand on my body, but a ghostly, insubstantial hand. I spent several minutes trying to grasp at the guardrail on the end of the bed, ineffectively, then noticed the clipboard hung there.

'Frank Muller, DOB 24/3/77...' I read quickly downwards, until I saw '14/3/01 : No change in condition, still in coma'.

In a coma, from the date, for over three weeks. Again, I noticed the silvery thread between me and my body.

The door opened, and a couple of nurses walked in, pushing a trolley with what looked like fresh linen and a washbasin.

"Good afternoon Frank!" chirped the taller brunette, "how are you today?"

"Don't be wicked, Cathy" said the blond, with a faint smile nonetheless.

"Sorry" said the brunette - Cathy obviously - "it is a shame& such a cute looking guy and we can't even strike up a conversation... he's hung like a god damn horse as well."

"Cathy!"

I would have blushed at Cathy's last words if I could. I wouldn't go that far, but I had never been upset with what I had downstairs.

They pulled back the sheets, and undressed me, for a bed wash. If only I wasn't in a coma... the sight was arousing to say the least.

"Okay... you're right" said the blond, and she touched a hand to my cock. I felt her fingers brush against me there - despite the fact that I was not 'in' my body.

"About what?" asked Cathy.

"He is a very big boy" the blond replied, "hey, it twitched!"

"You're kidding, he's out like a light" said Cathy, reaching down and taking hold of me herself. I felt her hand wrap around my currently flaccid member.

Which then began to rise. "Wow" Cathy giggled, her fingers wrapping about me more tightly and stroking up and down my hardening shaft, "should we do something about this terrible swelling, Jenny?"

"Like what?" said the blond - Jenny - after a long pause, as she stared down at her fellow nurses hand, and my now rigid cock. They looked at each other - and some unspoken agreement was obviously quickly reached, as Jenny went over and locked the door.

"Three weeks and two days - at least! - he must be fit to burst!" Cathy said, with another giggle, "we're doing him a favor, really..."

She sat down on the left side of the bed, and began to wank me off, slowly. "Come on Jenny, there's plenty here for you to get hold of still."

"You've got a dirty mind" Jenny said, adding after another long pause, her eyes fixed on my groin, "it must be catching." She sat down on the other side, wrapping the fingers of one of her hands about me, below Cathy's.

I moaned aloud, though my 'voice' was unheard by the two nurses, at the sensation of their two sets of fingers pulling on my cock. Looking down then, I saw that my ghostly cock - I was seemingly naked in 'spirit' - also stood fully to attention. It's ethereal 'skin' was rippling, and I realized that the indentations in its 'flesh' were matching the movements of the two nurses fingers about my body's real manhood.

They steadily leaned closer, as they continued to pull on my hardened cock, until they were almost face to face, their eyes locking together.

"God I'm feeling hot" said Cathy, her voice growing hoarse.

"Me too..." murmured Jenny, after a brief pause.

"Kiss me" Cathy said. Jenny needed no further encouragement - the two nurses lips met in a smouldering kiss, their tongues snaking about one another s.

My moans intensified, at this erotic display, and as their hand-given ministrations to my body increased in pace. They broke their passionate kiss, and looked downwards at my cock as one, then back into each others eyes.

"I want to see you ride that big juicy cock" Cathy said.

"You're fucking kidding" Jenny said, looking shocked, despite the position she was already in, "what if he comes out of the coma?"

"Then he'd have one hell of a nice wake-up call" replied Cathy, with a wink, dropping her mouth to my cock, running her tongue about the tip, her eyes looking up into Jenny's.

"Oh fuck, don't... that s so... oh god... fuck yes, I want it in me, okay?" Jenny moaned, watching for a moment, before letting go of me, standing, hitching up her skirt, and yanking down her black lacey knickers, revealing a neatly trimmed pair of pussy lips to her fellow nurses gaze and unknowingly to me as well.

"Mmmm... that's it Jenny... get 'em off" purred Cathy, before her mouth encapsulated the head of my cock, sucking gently, her eyes half closed.

As Jenny climbed onto the bed, she told Cathy to move aside, and swung a leg over my waist, straddling me. Cathy moved just enough to allow her to do so, before bringing her head back down, putting her face between Jenny's inner thighs as they lowered onto my cock. I groaned at the feeling, as Jenny's cunt closed around me, and the feeling of Cathy's tongue sliding along the length of my shaft as yet unembedded inside of the other nurse.

"You pussy looks so good on that hunk of meat" Cathy moaned, "Fuck him, ride it hard." Jenny began to do as suggested, bouncing up and down on top of my body with growing abandon. Cathy continued her tounge assault on my cock whenever enough of its shaft was exposed, or sucking on my balls. Jenny was sucking on a thumb, obviously trying to stifle the cries she might otherwise make.

My own cries though had no need to be kept silent, as neither of them seemed to hear them anyway.

"Fuck me... yes... FUCK ME!" I cried, holding my own ghostly cock, feeling it pulsate in my grasp from Jenny's palpitating cunt muscles.

"Fuck him... yes... fuck him hard!" Cathy moaned, her voice almost in unison with my own ethereal wails, her own skirt now hitched up also, a hand under her own panties, fingers rapidly delving in and out of her cunt.

"Is he ever going to fucking cum?" Jenny gasped from about her thumb. "Oh GOD, I'm going-"

She thrust her thumb back into her mouth, sucking on it hard, her eyes closing and her head lolling back, her pace quickening. I felt myself tensing, and knew that I was getting ready to do the same.

As Jenny's body began to convulse, in the throes of an orgasm, I came too, my quivering cock spurting hot cum high into her receptive pussy. The feeling was intense, incredible. She collapsed backwards, Cathy moving her head forward, her mouth taking the place of Jenny's pussy as my cock was freed from its delightful confines, her lips and tongue working about me, cleaning my cock of the juices the other nurse and I had spilled.

"That... that was great" gasped Jenny, her voice ragged from shortness of breath. Cathy mumbled out her response from about my cock, her words unintelligible, but the meaning behind them seemed to be in agreement to Jenny's statement.

"That was fucking awesome" I gasped myself, feeling giddy from the experience. The scene was growing hazy, and I suddenly realized I was 'blacking out' again...

...No... not yet... not...

To Be Continued...