  Hello! This is my first ever story, and I hope you enjoy it. This chapter's mostly set-up, but every chapter after this is going to be fairly relentless, so if you like what you read, make sure to check back in for more. 

***

Alice stared at the bed above her and fumed. "It wasn't fair," she thought. This was supposed to be her holiday. The holiday where she finally... you know... lost it. The holiday where she plucked up the courage to let Thomas have his way with her and stopped being the butt of a thousand jokes. That's why they came to this stupid city. 

Predictably Thomas was fast asleep on the bunk above her, his bulk shifting as he turned over, blissful and oblivious as always. It wasn't that she didn't love him enough, Alice thought. The rush of emotions as she thought about him confirmed that. It was just that the time never seemed to be right. They never seemed to be alone, and when they were, it was never long enough for her to let her guard down in this stupid hostel room.

Melissa certainly wasn't helping things along. As she thought of the blonde beauty, Alice's lips curled in frustration. Melissa was the third wheel on this trip and Alice hadn't realised how cumbersome that could be. 

Not that they didn't get on, but Melissa was Thomas' age and a little intimidating with her world-wise attitude, and her flirtiness, and her- Here, Alice flushed red in the dark, as her mind formed the words "huge tits". Not that Alice was flat, exactly, but she watched what she ate and while that might mean a stomach like a washboard and a pert little ass, it meant that she was never going to match Melissa's gigantic sweater-stretching breasts.

In fact, by pure measurements, Melissa had her beat pretty much hands down. Alice looked over to the next bunk, and sure enough there she laid, her silhouette like a fertility goddess. In the light from the open window, Alice could see that Melissa's blanket had fallen away during the night, exposing an expanse of chubby pale midriff that led to her huge tits. Melissa lay on her side, and the creamy flesh was squeezed together by gravity and the sports bra she wore, making an arousing sight framed by a mess of golden-blonde hair. As she watched, Melissa shifted in her sleep, causing those enviable tits to shift and jiggle as she moved, a small sigh escaping from her pouty lips. It sounded like a moan. God, she literally breathed sex.

With a start, Alice realised that she was getting a little too into checking her friend out. She was no stranger to these kinds of tangents, and she considered them a side-effect of her embarrassing virginity. In fact, as she turned back over, her face reddened with arousal, she definitely felt her pussy through her cute little pyjama shorts, a wetness that was a little too pronounced for sweat. Not that she was homophobic, but Alice was having enough trouble discovering her sexuality as it was, so she made a conscious mental u-turn to safer waters. Those safer waters were the big hunk of stuff snoozing above her.

As she tentatively slid her fingers into her shorts she pictured her boyfriend and felt the familiar surge of libido. No two ways about it, Thomas was hot. He was in the year above her at Uni and was the envy of every straight girl and gay man Alice knew. When they had first met at a friend's party the first thing Alice had noticed about him were his eyes; forest green and hypnotic. The second thing was his body; tall and well-muscled. The third thing was his laugh, which sounded like a dying donkey. 

And thank Christ, she thought, as she gently traced the outline of her pussy lips. If it weren't for that goofy laugh she would never have had the courage to speak to him, and she would never have got to kiss those lips or run her hands through that thick dark hair. Toying with her clit now, she thought about the way he held her, his huge hands so strong but so gentle as they brushed through her hair or clasped her hand in his. 

She angled her wrist and slowly pushed her fingers into her moist pussy, savouring the feel of the penetration as she thought about Thomas' cock, only ever felt through clothing but enticingly hard. She moved her fingers faster, sinking her digits into her wet slit as her fingertips gently brushed the sensitive spots of her unplowed virgin pussy. Her lips parted in a silent moan. She thought about his hard body stretching to meet her questing hand, his hips bucking as she traced the considerable outline of his rock-hard shaft. She dreamed of the feel of his cock, how it would look, how it would taste, how it would feel as it sank slowly into her dripping-

"Alice?"

Alice froze her body and listened keenly, unable to stop her fingers from continuing to brush against the walls of her honeypot, delivering thrills of sensation despite the shock and fear of discovery.

"Alice? Are you okay?" came the whisper.

It was Melissa. She must have woken up and heard the rustling of her sheets. Alice remained motionless, hoping against hope that she would give up and allow Alice to find at least some release on this stupid holiday. But no, there again floated the whisper across the silent hostel room and with an internal sigh Alice rolled over to her friend.

"I'm fine, sorry was I moving about too much?" she whispered. Reluctantly, she slipped her fingers from out of her rapidly drying pussy.

"Nah babe, just thought you might be having a nightmare" came the whispered reply. Alice could see her friend's face, even though Alice herself was mercifully wrapped in shadows.

"Nah, can't sleep anyway."

"Sorry to be going home tomorrow?"

"Definitely." That much was true, Alice thought with another frustrated curl of her delicate lips.

"At least we won't have to sleep like recruits anymore." Alice smiled at that despite herself. Melissa had been quick to notice how much the close quarters bugged her, and had been cool and understanding about it. She had to admit that Melissa was a pretty good friend, despite her jealousy.

"Did you hear that Irish guy stumble in before? God, I wish he'd gotten the wrong bed."

"So did he, I bet." The two girls shared a stifled giggle as the Irishman in question turned in his sleep, just visible from Alice's position as a shock of short brown hair and a toned leg curled around a duvet from the bed opposite her and Thomas.

He had introduced himself as Adam when he'd arrived earlier that day. He'd breezed in as they were getting ready to go out and dumped his stuff near the door, flashing a cocky grin above a scraggly beard and greeting them one by one. Thomas got a firm handshake, but the girls had been surprised with a regal kiss on the hand. Or at least Alice had. She'd honestly been a little repulsed by his scruffy demeanour, but as soon as she pulled her hand away, Melissa was stepping in and extending hers with a giggle and a bat of her long eyelashes. They took the opportunity to check each other out, with her appreciatively taking in his broad shoulders and piercings as he frankly ogled her tits, seriously visible down her loose tank top. They were clearly hitting it off, but once again the hostel environment had prevented anything more from happening.

There was another girl in the room too, bunking on the bed on the other side of Melissa, but she couldn't imagine Adam impressing her. To be honest, she couldn't imagine anything impressing Diana. She was the coolest person Alice had ever met. She was tall, black and strikingly handsome, with high cheekbones and wide dark eyes that seemed to drink in her surroundings. She was stylish, too. Her clothes were all tight and colourful, clinging to her lean frame and accentuating the coal-blackness of her collarbones, of her small nimble hands. 

Somehow, she was just as sexy as Melissa without showing any flesh and without any of her preening and Alice was just as jealous of her. She had laughed exactly once while they had talked, and her flashing white teeth and rolling mounds of jet-black hair had struck Alice completely dumb. In the resumed silence of the warm room, Alice sulked and considered her own features.

She was cute, that she knew. People told her all the time, and it wasn't exactly a bad thing. She had summery blue eyes and a little snub nose, and shoulder-length red hair that had never needed any help staying the rich autumn colour that Thomas loved. Her hands traced over the swell of her B-cup breasts and down to the hollow of her pelvis, and reached round once to give her tight pert butt a good squeeze. She was too short, was the problem. People always treated her like a kid, or some kind of fragile pixie. She needed to change some minds. She needed to get empowered. She needed to get some dick.

But not tonight. With a small sigh, she turned back over from the already snoozing Melissa and snuggled deeper into her bedclothes. Tomorrow, she promised herself. Tomorrow she'd finally pluck up the courage and get what she wanted. She drifted off then, warm and frustrated.

 The tiny creature flitted through the busy streets, its long dangling tongue trailing unseen above the heads of the rowdy tourists, curling minutely as it took in the fug of sex permeating the air. Amsterdam never failed to please! Its tiny wings shimmered as it shot through the air, and with eyes that saw in exotic planes, he saw the emanations of sex shimmering from each of the curtained red windows that lined the narrow side-alleys. Easy prey, but the creature was a connoisseur. No fast food for it, no. Tonight it was on the search for rare meat.

With shadows wrapped around it like a cloak, the creature entered the room through the open window, drawn by the morish energy of frustration and pent-up sex. Its large eyes widened further as he saw the source: a slim, almost elf-like girl slumbering restlessly as thoughts of prohibited love pulsed through her dreams. A virgin! And a beautiful one. The creature had no lips, but it would have smiled wide at this, the rarest of vintages. Squatting on the windowsill, the creature moved slowly, waving fingers like knife-blades in a complex pattern, influencing the young woman's brain, and the brains of those around her. This was going to be a fun night. 

Alice awoke slowly and felt something different. The room was as hot and close as ever, but had it always smelled like this? It was like there was a musk on the air, sweat mingling with exotic sweat until the combined scent made the room hum with sexual energy. As she stretched further awake, Alice felt the sexual energy flood into her, travelling from her head down her body in waves of tingling pleasure that tantalised her virgin pussy before curling her toes with the intensity. 

Reaching up in a daze, Alice gasped to feel her nipples, rock hard and straining against the flimsy material of her pyjamas. She was fully awake now and her hands began to grasp and knead at her pert little breasts, the electric sensations from her stiff nipples sparking over her flushed skin and grounding in her pussy. She reached down with one pale hand to her overheating pussy and gave out a tiny moan at the light touch of her dainty fingers through her shorts. God, her pussy had never felt like this!

Her little clit was hard and sticking straight out above her parted folds, causing a delightful friction with every movement as it rubbed and ground against her shorts. This was unreal, had she woken up in the middle of a sex dream? She wracked her brains, but all she could come up with was the lingering memory of her talk with Melissa, and... Oh god, she needed some release, now!

Alice pressed her face into her pillow to stifle the tiny moans as she moved her hand into her panties and started teasing her sweet virgin pussy. Turning face down, she brought her knees towards her and pushed her pert little ass into the air. Even though she was still covered, she prayed that no-one would wake up, and see her shamelessly playing with herself in this room full of strangers. The thought itself turned her on even more, and unable to resist, she started rubbing her clit, slowly at first but then harder as the sensations overtook her brain and removed another little bit of her decency. Her hand blurred as she relentlessly pawed at her engorged clit, drops of moisture running down her toned thighs and staining her pyjama shorts. This felt incredible! Nothing could be better than this!

"Not nothing", came the thought. The thought was not her own, but in her addled state, Alice was far too horny to notice. Instead, the insidious thought had her wondering. She knew exactly what was missing, but she couldn't, right? At the thought her fingers picked up the pace further, abusing her clit in an effort to drive the thoughts to the back of her mind. But it was no good. The seed was planted and Alice knew that as good as her fingers felt, she needed something more. She needed company. She needed Thomas. Her tight virgin pussy needed his cock now, and she was going to go crazy if she didn't get it.

At the thought of her boyfriend's cock, the sensations within her doubled, and Alice felt a monumental orgasm looming. Yes, that was it! If she just came, she could calm down, and head back to sleep. Survive the night without losing her virginity in a room full of strangers. Get by without letting them all hear her moan, hear her scream as her stud of a boyfriend worked his long thick cock into her sopping virgin pussy. 

Desperate to come now, Alice took her other hand and shoved two fingers into her pussy, grinding her fingers into her g-spot and clit simultaneously. The weight off her hands, Alice pushed her face deeper into the pillow, her pink tongue slipping out as her mouth opened in a stifled moan of pure bliss. She could feel it now, her orgasm coming on like a freight train. With the last uncorrupted part of her libidinous brain, Alice hoped that she wouldn't come too loudly.

She hoped in vain. When the orgasm hit, her body froze and a deep animalistic groan worked its way up through her body and out into the pillow, barely muffled and unmistakably erotic. As her brain sparked and her open mouth drooled, convulsions wracked Alice's pussy, her fingers still scrabbling wildly at the sensitive spots of a pussy that was now practically flowing with come. Her feet curled and her leg muscles contracted, sending her ass even further into the air and driving her face further into her pillow. 

Waves of pure bliss washed through her brain and her pussy and when it finally subsided every muscle in her body relaxed at once, and she slumped down into the mattress, the moans replaced with pants of exertion as she continued to tease her sopping pussy.

 Normally, that would have been the end of it. The red-haired girl would have fallen asleep, and maybe would have found the courage some other time, some other place. But the energy that had flowed out from her along with those moans had been truly delicious. No, the creature wasn't done with her yet. Not by a long way. 