 I wake up groggy and look around trying to remember where I am. I am especially disoriented because not only am I staying in a hotel while at a convention in San Francisco, but the hotel room I am in is not the hotel room I checked into earlier in the week. My head is clouded from lack of sleep and a few too many drinks. But when I turn my head to the right, I see a beautiful woman asleep on her stomach in bed next to me, her dark wavy hair spread around her on the bed. As I sit up, I see a colleague of mine sleeping on the other side of her, and the night comes flooding back to me.

------------

I'd been at a convention all week for work. I am too antsy to ever sit through all the sessions I sign up for, but I like to mingle in the exhibit hall and talk to people. Mid-week, I had run into a colleague named Michael on the exhibit hall floor who I hadn't seen in a couple of years. We had worked together at a previous job and he had since moved on to a bigger company and had worked his way up to a VP position. We made plans to meet for drinks on Thursday night to catch up.

Thursday night, after a long day of sessions, networking and customer meetings, I met Michael at a bar at the conference hotel. He looked as tired as I felt, but when he saw me, his face lit up. He stood up to give me a hug and gave me a kiss on the cheek. We ordered a bottle of wine and some appetizers and started to catch up on our lives. We talked about work and our respective companies. We gossiped about old coworkers that we had kept in touch with. And then the conversation turned philosophical and political as we continued to talk, neither of us seeming to want the evening to end.

Despite the fact that Michael had just married his girlfriend a few months ago, I noticed he was flirting with me. I'm married, but enjoyed the attention and flirted back. I figured it was safe since he'd just gotten married and was probably just flirting for fun. 

Close to 11pm, I pointed out how late it was and suggested we call it a night. We approached the elevator doors to head back to our respective rooms. Or so I thought. When we stepped into the elevator, Michael turned to me and said "It was really good to see you, Alex." This time when he hugged me, instead of kissing my cheek, he kissed me full on the mouth. In shock, I pulled back and said "Didn't you just get married?"

He laughed and told me that he did, but that his wife Cassandra likes women, too, and I was just her type. "Come back to my room and I'll introduce you. She traveled with me, but she's been holed up in our room studying for finals." 

My mind was racing. I hadn't been with a woman in over a decade. I hadn't had a threesome in even longer. I'd fantasized about Michael for years. He was smart and funny and says "fuck" a lot, which is totally my type. I was married, but my husband Scott and I had just been discussing opening our marriage. I'm not sure if this is what we'd had in mind, but it certainly seemed like a more realistic possibility than before we had started having the discussion. It was too late to call him to ask what he thought since he'd be asleep by now. But I'd had just enough to drink to think it couldn't hurt to at least meet Cassandra and then if I liked her, I could discuss it with my husband the next day. I'd be in town another night after all.

Michael leaned in to kiss me again, his hand on the back of my head, pulling me into his kiss. I let my lips part slightly, enjoying the feeling of his warm lips on mine, and kissed him back. Pulling away again, I said, "OK, I'll come meet your wife. But that's all. I can't stay."

We got off at his floor and he led me down the hall by the hand. When he opened the door to his room, I saw an attractive woman sitting on the floor at the coffee table in front of the couch of the sitting area of their suite. A laptop and papers were spread out on the table. She was clearly not expecting company. She was wearing pajama shorts that barely covered her ass and a thin tank top that revealed her hard nipples hiding underneath. She looked up and when she saw that Michael had brought someone, a mischievous smile played across her face.

She stood up and came over to meet me. "Hi, I'm Cass."

Michael introduced me before I had a chance and she asked "Oh! Is this the Alex you were telling me about?" As I reached out a hand to shake hers, she leaned in and gave me a hug, her breasts pressing against me. As she released me, she said, "It's nice to meet you, Alex. Michael has talked a lot about you. He said you used to work together."

Cass was also my type. I was instantly attracted to her. She had a casual manner that made me feel comfortable. We started talking about what she was studying for her master's and Michael disappeared into the bedroom of the suite, leaving Cass and I to talk. As I was explaining to her what I did at my job, she studied my face and then blurted out "You have really beautiful eyes. I could get lost in those eyes." I blushed and lost track of what I was saying. 

We were sitting close to each other on the floor by the coffee table where she had been showing me some of her school work. She reached out and traced her fingers along my hand and I got goose bumps. Michael came back out of the bedroom, having changed out of his business clothes and into shorts and a t-shirt. "Can you get us some drinks, honey?" Cassandra asked Michael. Her fingers traced their way up my arm.

He opened the mini-fridge and pulled out some beers they had bought earlier. He joined us on the floor by the coffee table, sitting on the other side of me. He opened the beers and handed one to each of us. I asked them how their marriage worked and explained that my husband and I were discussing opening our marriage. They told me that they only dated women, but not always together. As we talked, Michael started to stroke my other arm. As I was listening to something Cass said, he leaned in and kissed my neck. I shivered. In my distracted state, Cass leaned in and kissed me on the mouth. 

My senses were overwhelmed with his mouth on my neck and hers on my lips. I was thinking I needed to get out of there fast, that I wasn't ready for this. But my mind and body were no longer communicating. I felt my breath quicken and I began to kiss Cass's soft lips in earnest. They felt so good. I opened my mouth as her tongue traced over my lips. I touched her tongue with mine and tasted the beer on her.

After a moment, I stopped and said "Fuck. I need to go. I can't do this." And I tried to stand up. But Michael held me in place and his kisses on my neck turned into nips and then bites. His hand moved from my arm to my breast and his fingers quickly found my nipple beneath my clothes. I moaned into Cass's mouth. I let them take off my top, then my bra as they both caressed my skin, my breasts, my nipples. This was OK. It wasn't sex. Nothing below the waist. I could still talk to Scott about the situation tomorrow. 

After a few minutes, Michael stood up and grabbed my hand to pull me up. Cass followed. My head was spinning in my state of arousal. They led me toward the bedroom. I tried to resist and said I really should be going. Cass reassured me "You don't have to do anything you don't want to do. We really like to have the energy of another woman in bed with us. You can just watch if you want." Watching sounded fun. Scott couldn't object to me just watching.

We ended up lying in bed, with Cass and I on either side of Michael. We took turns kissing Michael, but their main focus was on each other. Being true to their word, they were letting me watch and only participate as much as I wanted. Aside from kissing and some light touches, I was content to watch them together. Soon they had undressed each other and Michael slid on top of Cass. 

Lying next to them, I leaned in and took one of Cass's nipples in my mouth as Michael sucked on her other nipple. Her breasts were firm and full and her nipple hardened in response to my mouth. I reached down with my free hand and caressed Michael's ass and thigh. He reached between his legs and guided his hard cock into Cassandra. I watched as he entered her, feeling my arousal increasing.

I removed the rest of my clothes so I could touch myself while I watched Michael fuck Cassandra. She sighed loudly as he pressed into her. She arched her back and his mouth returned to her breasts. I sat back watching for a minute as he slid in and out of her pussy, his pace quickening. Then I leaned back in to suck on her nipple, biting her softly and hearing her yip in response. I slid my hand down to my vulva and ran my fingers along my slit. They were quickly coated in my juices. I slid two fingers into my pussy and bit down harder on Cass's nipple. I was so hot, I could barely stand it.

With my fingers coated in my juices, I reached under Michael's ass and cupped his balls, letting my fingers find the base of his shaft as he continued to slam into Cass. I could feel her wetness on him and I wanted to taste her. Bringing my hand around in front of him, I reached down and began to rub her clit. 

Within minutes, she began to scream, her legs wrapped tight around him as she climaxed. My own climax felt so close. As her spasms died down, Michael slammed into her one final time and groaned as he came. I pictured his cum filling her cunt and I started fingering myself again. After a minute, he collapsed on top of her, spent. When he rolled onto his back next to her, I moved my hand from my pussy to hers, sliding my fingers into her, feeling their juices inside her. 

Kneeling between her legs, I looked down at her beautiful body. I could see the white cream of his semen seeping out of her engorged labia. I lowered my mouth to her pussy and ran my tongue up her slit, tasting both of them at once. I sucked at her opening, wanting to drink it up. I slid my hands under her ass and lifted her up to my face, my tongue exploring her as I moaned. I flicked her clit with my tongue before I slid it back into her hot cunt. I sucked her inner lips into my mouth and gently nipped at them, wild with my arousal.

I was vaguely aware that Cass was moaning and writhing in response to my actions, but I was completely unaware of the effect that my actions were having on Michael until I felt something brush against my ass. My face was between Cass's legs, which were now wrapped around my shoulders, and my ass was in the air. I realized Michael had positioned himself behind me and his stiffening cock was pressed against my ass as he reached his hand around to finger my pussy. I moaned when he touched me. 

Fortunately, I didn't have to wait long before I felt his cock head pressing against my lips.I pressed my hips back as much as I could given that Cass's thighs are wrapped around me. Michael pressed forward and his cock slid easily into my soaking wet pussy. I groaned as I continued to lick Cass's sweet juices. I felt her body tense and she pulled my head into her as she came on my face.

I'd been so close to climaxing for so long, Michael only had to pump into me a few times before I felt my muscles contracting and I had to take my mouth off Cass as I screamed, my orgasm taking over my body. Wave after wave hit me as I moaned in complete ecstasy. When my body stopped spasming, Michael slowed down to let me recover, but he had come too recently to come again this soon. 

I moved from between Cass's legs and onto my back next to her as I tried to catch my breath. Michael was clearly still aroused and not content to wait for Cass or I to fully recover. Flipping me over, he dipped a finger into Cass's pussy to lubricate it, then slid it into my ass. I jumped, startled. I hadn't had anal in years. He slid his finger in and out of me a few times, then pressed his penis, already wet from my pussy, against my asshole. I relaxed, allowing him to enter me. It felt so full and a little uncomfortable at first. 

As he got into a rhythm of fucking my ass, he leaned down and kissed Cass. She reached her hand down and squeezed his ass as he fucked me. "Fuck her harder," she told him, "Make her scream." He reached under me and grabbed my breasts as he pounded harder into my tight ass. She reached under me and found my clit, rubbing me. "Cum in her ass, Michael. I want to see your cum leaking out of her ass." I could feel his pace picking up in response to his wife's prodding. After another minute, he suddenly stopped thrusting, buried deep in my ass, and I felt the spasms of his orgasm as he grunted loudly "Fuck!" I nearly came again at the sensation of his hot cum filling my ass while she rubbed my clit.

He slid out of me as his dick softened and we all laid on the bed breathing heavily. I fell asleep at some point, awakening to them fucking in the bed next to me some time later. Then I passed out again, not waking until morning.

------------

Waking up the next morning, I regret not waiting to talk to Scott about the situation before proceeding. I debate whether I should tell him, or just pretend this never happened. Before I decide, I feel a warm hand between my legs and my body begins to respond before I can make up my mind. Smiling, I roll over to enjoy my morning.