 I arrived at my flat at 7-00a.m. on Monday morning, thankful I had finished my final night shift of ten. Four days before I returned to work, I was determined, not a single hour would be wasted.

I picked up my mail behind my front door and shuffled through them. A letter from my Solicitor got my immediate attention. After ripping open the envelope, I punched the air the letter contained my decree absolute. 

I was officially a single man, months of legal wrangling were over, and I was free. Mary my now ex wife and I had been married for only four years. We'd tied the knot six months after meeting, on holiday in Spain. After two years, we both realised, the marriage was a mistake we had nothing in common except great sex. 

Once that novelty waned we just drifted apart. After talking things over with Mary, I moved out of the flat we'd purchased together, and found accommodation on the other side of town. Although we lived apart, we met occasionally, the meetings were always friendly and conversations amicably. 

Things changed when Mary moved in with another guy, and decided she wanted a divorce. Things went downhill quickly, when Solicitors became involved. I received a letter from her Solicitor, demanding that I give up my equity in the flat we jointly owned. Mary had moved out, gone to live with her new bloke, and wanted a quick sale.

I tried to agree to split the proceeds of the sale, but her new bloke was a Solicitor and he wouldn't let me talk to her, all communication had to be through our Solicitors. I wouldn't agree to give up my half of the flat, so the wrangling dragged on. Finally the Court ruled that the proceeds of the sale should be divided equally between us, and our amicable relationship went straight out of the window.

I stripped off my work clothes, stuffed them into the washing machine for my cleaner to sort out, and ran whooping, into the bathroom to take a shower. I decided to start my first day of freedom with a visit to the gym. After a shower and shave, I threw on some casual clothes, packed my gym bag, feeling really good.

I parked in the underground car park of the gym, ignored the lift and ran up two flights of stairs to reception. I burst through the double doors at the top of the staircase, in such a rush I barged straight into Frankie, one of the trainers. I grabbed her around her slender waist, and she clung onto mine, as we tried to stop ourselves from falling onto the marble floor in reception. 

We failed and fell in a heap, I made sure that I landed flat on my back, with Frankie on top of me to cushion her fall. Once she had regained her senses Frankie said, "Good morning Chris, you certainly know how to bowl a girl over, what's the almighty rush? My class doesn't start for twenty minutes."

I was apologising profusely as I helped her to her feet, sweeping dust from her tracksuit. Frankie was bloody gorgeous she had short black hair, big green eyes and hard tits the size of cannonballs. The rest of Frankie's trim body was hard, tanned and toned. She also had a fantastic sense of humour, and the most infectious laugh I've ever heard.

She was laughing, as she told me, "That's quite enough rubbing, thank you very much. I am starting to enjoy it, my trackies spotless." I realised, that I was dusting off Frankie's luscious arse with my hands. 

I apologised again, she just laughed, telling me not to worry, it was a while since she had found herself lying on top of a good looking guy who then massaged her arse. 

Frankie's laughed filled the reception area, I blushed furiously when I realised all the girls behind the reception desk were looking at us and grinning. "Are you coming to my Spinning Class, you'd better be after getting me so hot and sweaty?"

I lied and assured Frankie, I was intending to go to her class. She told me to get changed, she'd see me in fifteen minutes, after she taken a shower to cool off. I signed in, went to the changing room, and changed into my gym kit. I went straight to the room where Frankie's spinning class was to be held.

The room was in darkness so I switched on the lights and set up my bike, choosing one near to the door. I was warming up when the door opened, and a pretty blonde popped her head inside, and asked me what time the class started. I told her, in about ten minutes, and asked if she was coming in she replied "I'm not sure, I've never done a spinning class I normally do Aerobics with Frankie, but she told me this class is much better."

The pretty blonde eventually stepped in the room. I saw she was wearing skin tight knee length black training pants, and a pink cropped halter neck top. She had a slender waist, taught flat stomach and lovely pair of large tits. She was about my age, 32/33yrs, and was a stunning looking piece of arse. I offered her my hand and introduce myself. "Hi I'm Chris Turner, would you like me to show you how to set up your bike."

The blonde said "Yes please." As she shook my hand, and told me her name was Charlene Dicks, all her friends called her Charlie, she added: "No jokes please, I've heard them all before." I helped Charlie set up her bike, taking the opportunity to scan her fantastic body at close range, whilst I explained how she should set it up the bike if she came again. She hopped onto her bike, and told me she was comfortable.

As we both started our warm up I asked, if she was divorced or still going through the process. Charlie's head spun round, she asked if Frankie had told me about her getting divorced. I pointed to her wedding finger, and explained the gap in her suntan told me, she had recently removed her rings; "Let's see, did you leave him or did he leave you. My money is on him leaving you, for someone younger he met at work, am I right?"

Charlie looked stunned; "His secretary, she's only twenty four and very attractive."

I smiled and told her; "Your husbands an idiot, you're more than attractive, you're bloody stunning."

Charlie blushed, her eyes locked onto mine, as she asked; "What else do you know about me?"

I told her she had been married between ten to fifteen years, probably twelve. She had one child, around ten years of age, and she worked, probably at a school. 

All the time I was talking Charlie scanned my face and looked into my eyes; "Ok say that I believe that you haven't been told that, how do you know so much about me, we only met three or four minutes ago?"

I told her; that was what I did for a living, I observe people, read them and then made guesses based on my assessment. "You're very good are you a Policeman?"

"Retired a few years ago, now I'm a self employed Private Investigator."

The class started to fill up, and were busy setting up their bikes, Charlie asked; "Will you have a coffee with me, when the class finishes?" 

Before I could reply Frankie chimed in "You don't want to have coffee with him, he's as randy as hell. This morning, in reception, he jumped on me, pulled me onto the floor then started touching me up"

I laughed and protested; "Let's get this story right, you accosted me and climbed on top of me as I recall, you're an animal."

Frankie dismissed me with a wave of her hand telling me "Whatever. That's your story, now I'm going to make you pay, you're a pervert." she laughed, as she walked to the front of the class.

Charlie was looking quizzically at me after listening to our exchanges. "It's not a long story, I'll explain over coffee."

Frankie was as good as her word; my legs were like jelly and I was sweating profusely when I climbed from the bike at the end of class. I told Charlie I'd see her in the café in the reception. As I was walked out of the room, Frankie caught hold of my arm warning; "Don't you dare hurt her, she a very good friend of mine." 

"I wouldn't hurt anyone I made sure you landed on top, didn't I?" Frankie punched my arm hard in response.

I showered and changed in record time and went into the Café to find a quiet table. Frankie who was standing behind the reception desk pointed two fingers to her eyes, then at me and raised her small fist. I got the message she was watching me. Charlie came out of the changing room and was called to reception by Frankie. 

The two of them had a brief conversation, before Charlie came to join me; "What was that all about?" I nodded at Frankie who was still looking at me. "She told me to be careful, you might seem nice, and good looking, but she wouldn't trust you as far as she can throw you." Charlie replied chuckling.

"Latte, you do drink Latte don't you." I enquired smiling at Charlie.

"This is getting creepy, what else can you know about me?"

I went to order the coffees, when I returned I sat at the opposite side of the table. Charlie asked; "How do you know all these things about me, are you working for my husband?"

I assured her that I wasn't, and then explained how I appeared to know so much about her. The fact that she was getting divorced was signified by her missing rings. That she worked at a school and was probably a teacher was a wild guess. It was half term, and she had resumed attending the gym after an absence. She wanted to get herself in shape, after the shock of discovering that a younger woman had stolen her husband. 

I told Charlie that she probably blamed herself, which was foolish. "He was flattered that his secretary fancied him, and a standing dick has no conscience. He'll regret his decision in six months, leave her and want you back, I guarantee it."

Charlie laughed and smiled at me; "How did you know I have a son, and exactly how old he is, also that I like Latte?" 

I told her they were lucky guesses, but I knew she'd come to the gym for three reasons. First to get in shape, secondly have a look at the competition in the bloke market. Finally to see if there were any blokes she might fancy; "How am I doing?"

Charlie was shaking her head in disbelief; "100%. Do you know anything else tell me, I'm fascinated?"

"I'm not sure I should, everything else is personal and I'm not sure you wouldn't get upset, and that's the last thing I want to happen, Frankie would kill me." I nodded over to reception where Frankie was standing watching us. 

Charlie gave me a relaxed smile; "I won't get upset, tell me some more, you're incredible. It's as if you can look into my head, and read my thoughts."

I told her, that she had sex with her husband, maybe once or twice per month, in bed, lights out in the missionary position. Also she faked orgasm more times than she experienced one. She wanted to experiment in bed, but dare not discuss the subject with her husband. Now she thought the divorce, was her fault and somehow, she deserved what had happened.

Charlie was staring down into her coffee when I finished speaking. I apologised for upsetting her and told her I was very sorry, and should have kept my mouth shut.

Charlie raised her head, her smile was radiant, as she told me, I seemed to understand, exactly how she was feeling and why; "All my girl friends tell me they know how I must be feeling, but they don't have a clue. Then a man I've never met before knows my every thought and feeling, how is that possible?"

I told her I had investigated hundreds of divorces, and spoken to countless women in her situation. "But you heard the things that they weren't saying; you understood their fears, and their thought processes. How many did you sleep with?"

Charlie's question rendered me speechless, how an earth was I expected to answer it. Charlie was looking into my eyes: "I'm sorry I asked that, it wasn't fair. I know that you did, because I know exactly what those women were feeling. They wanted you desperately, just like I do. Please come home, and go to bed with me?"

I shook my head, nodded at Frankie telling Charlie; "Frankie would kill me; she's already told you she doesn't trust me, and she hasn't taken her eyes of us since you sat down." 

Charlie smiled; "Its ok, I'll tell her I'm a big girl, and I can take care of myself, besides I haven't made love for months, and I'm getting desperate, actually you'll be doing me a favour."

I laughed: "You certainly are a big girl, and if you can square it with Frankie, I'm up for it."

Charlie told me to go to the car park she'd meet me there after she had spoken to Frankie. I left the Café and rode the lift down to the basement car park Charlie joined me a few minutes later, she gave me a hug and a long kiss then pointed to her car; "I only live a couple of miles away, follow me."

I asked if she was sure that was what she wanted, and received her assurance; "I've never been as certain of anything in my life." Charlie gave me another quick kiss and walked quickly to her car. The journey to her home took about five minutes. Her car pulled into a drive with electronic gates, the gates swung open, allowing Charlie and I to drive through. 

The pebble drive leading to her house, wound through mature woodland for about 200 yards and exited into a parking area, half the size of a football pitch. Her home was an old three story stone built mansion, four steps led up to a huge Oak door. I parked alongside Charlie's blue Fiat Punto and got out, staring in amazement. Charlie sprang from her car and came to join me; "Like it?"

"It's magnificent, enormous, is the Queen home?" I replied. 

Charlie took my arm and walked me to the front door, telling me the house was hers, her husband had signed it over to her, before she had even spoken to a Solicitor; "I think it assuaged his guilt, lets get inside it's starting to rain and it's quite cold."

The inside of the house was a bigger surprise than the outside which was all 19th century. The interior was very 21st century, ultra modern with minimalist décor and furnishings. Charlie led me into a space age kitchen that was larger than my flat. She asked if I'd like a drink, she had to ask me twice, because I was spinning around trying to take everything in. All the worktops were black granite, the cupboard and unit doors were bright red. "Ferrari Red, it matches the car exactly." Charlie announced.

"You have a bloody Ferrari?"

She chuckled; "Two actually, they're in the garage, the Solicitors are still arguing who gets to keep them, until that's resolved they're both mine."

Charlie took two elegant glasses, from a large glass rack containing several dozen all of different types and sizes. She filled them with red wine and handed one to me: "But you said you were a school teacher. Why do you drive a poxy Fiat Punto, you own two bloody Ferrari's?"

Charlie tried to stop her laughter, but wine sputtered from her mouth onto the worktops and floor. "Going to the gym or the Supermarket in a Ferrari would be a little ostentatious don't you think?"

"Who cares, how does a schoolteacher come to own this house and two Ferrari's?" I asked.

"I own the School. It's a Private Boarding School for refined young ladies. Actually most of them are spoiled, over indulged brats." She grinned. 

The truth was slowly starting to dawn on me, Charlie, wasn't any old schoolteacher, she must be a millionaire schoolteacher/school owner. Charlie saw that my mind was working overtime and asked almost frightened to hear my answer; "Does all this make any difference, I'm still the same Charlie you met at the gym?"

I countered "And I'm just a bit of rough trade?"

She laughed out loud telling me as she walked over to kiss me tenderly; "Oh God no, you are the most intuitive man I've ever met. Men are from Mars women from Venus they say. I don't know where you're from, but you're gorgeous and fascinating and I want you."

As we kissed again, Charlie was ripping away at the buttons on my shirt and grappling with the belt on my slacks. I undid the zip on her tracksuit top and revealed her magnificent upturned breasts, her hard nipples were pointing skyward. She slid my slacks and shorts down, I kicked them way as she stepped out of her tracksuit bottoms and scarlet lace thong. Her naked body took my breath away.

I told Charlie to turn around I wanted to look at her. She had the body of an eighteen year old. It was magnificent, sculpted toned and tanned, a body to die for. As she completed her self conscious twirl and faced me, I scooped her into my arms, and nibbled her hard nipples which made her gasp. "Where do I take you?"

"Your choice, we can stay in the kitchen, but the marble worktop is hard and cold, my bedroom is up two flights of stairs, the lounge is through that door, and the pool is through the other one."

I was amazed; "You have your own pool?"

Charlie laughed and pointed to a door, it's through there, only twenty five metres and five feet at the deepest, but it's nice and warm. Can you swim?"

I told her; "I wasn't planning on swimming." I buried my face into her magnificent breast and sucked and bit her hard nipples. As I carried Charlie she pulled my mouth onto her tits and was groaning throatily. When we entered the large room containing the pool I saw to my left a bar surrounded by four huge long sofas. I walked over to one of them and laid Charlie down on her back. I began to kiss and explore every inch of her magnificent toned body, wondering at just how hard it was. "How come you're in such great shape, if you haven't been going to the gym?" 

"I have a personal trainer, we work out together here."

I laughed: "Don't tell me, its Frankie isn't it, that's why she was so protective?" I didn't require an answer and didn't receive one, instead Charlie grasped my stiff long cock; "I'm not sure this is going to fit. It's so long and thick. I can't even wrap my fingers around it."

I stopped licking the insides of her thighs to tell her that we'd take things slowly, but I would need her help. I asked her to tell me if I did something that she liked, and stop me if I did something she didn't enjoy or felt uncomfortable with, Charlie replied; "I loved you nibbling my breasts they're very sensitive and kissing and licking my thighs was thrilling, my tummy muscles, and other place were twitching like mad."

I kissed Charlie on her lips and asked where she would like me to start; "Squeeze and kiss my breasts first, like you did earlier, then work your way down." 

The nervousness was apparent in her voice, clearly she was unused to directing the exploration of her body. I took her large firm breast in my hand and kneaded them in a circular motion. Charlie closed her eyes and bit her bottom lip. "Squeeze them and bite my nipples." Charlie instructed when I chewed her nipples in my teeth she groaned, and shuffled her arse down the sofa, raised her knees and parted her legs. 

I accepted the invitation, and whilst continuing to nibble her tits, I slid my fingers between the wet lips of her open cunt. The first time my fingers brushed over her clit, her whole body jumped, I immediately withdrew my hand. "Don't stop, please don't stop. It felt just like an electric shock, when you touched it."

I asked Charlie what I had touched to illicit such a response, Charlie told me that I knew very well, what I had touched and begged me to touch it again, I teased her; "What would you like me to touch exactly, what do you call it?" 

Charlie's mounting excitement was clear in her voice; "My clitoris, you touched my clitoris, and you know you did."

I laughed and teased her more; "How very formal, do you teach English or Anatomy at School." I reached down again, and resumed sliding my fingers through her gaping wet crack, asking; "What am I doing?"

"Driving me insane, stroking and probing my private parts." She gasped as she wriggled under my fingers.

I slid my fingers inside her and rotated them slowly, at the same time I applied pressure to her clit with my thumb, Charlie moaned and wriggled. "Oh that feels wonderful."

I asked Charlie to tell me explicitly what felt so wonderful; "Having you're fingers exploring my cunt, and your thumb rubbing my clit. There I've said it, are you happy now."
