 It was my last year in high school and Christmas was only a few weeks away. All of my friends at school were bragging about the gifts they'd already purchased for their boyfriends, which was depressing the hell out of me. For one, I wasn't seeing anyone serious, and for two, I was so broke I couldn't even afford to buy gifts for my family.

"You need to get yourself a job," said Tasha as we walked down the hallway towards our Math class. 

"A job?"

Tasha flipped her long dark hair and laughed. "Seriously, your body is kickin' but it can't buy you everything."

I looked down at the clothing I was wearing, a skirt and blouse that would have cost me over five hundred dollars if I'd have purchased it myself. My last lover, Detective Brock Jones, had purchased it for me along with the satiny designer thong and push-up bra I wore underneath. I knew my healthy breasts and tight ass very much had something to do with that trip to the mall. Forget the fact that I was by no means, ugly. My looks have been compared to the actress Emma Stone, but with long red hair and bluish green eyes. "Oh, I don't know. I just hate working."

Tasha raised her eyebrows. "You hate to work? Girl, everyone works for their money, you know what I'm saying? Just 'cause you have big old titties and a sultry "come fuck me" stare, doesn't exclude you from having to get a job."

She was getting a little worked up and I stared appraisingly at the fire in her eyes. Tasha's gorgeous with her light cocoa colored skin, exotic green eyes, and a body that even made me drool. She's also one of my very best friends and, admittedly, secret fantasies. 

"But it's so much more fun doing it the way I have," I pouted. "It turns me on when I know I've fucked somebody so good they want to buy me things."

She snorted. "Then move to Nevada and work on a ranch."

I laughed. After watching a special about it on cable, it actually intrigued me. All the hard cock and wet pussy I wanted, then to get paid for it? Fuck yeah!

"I'll think about it. But, seriously my body has gotten me a lot of things Tasha." Diamonds, perfume, expensive clothing and even a sports car last summer; I thought it had been a dream come true at the time. But, unfortunately my mom had made me return it. It had been a gift from an elderly man in the nursing home where I'd actually done volunteer work. The old coot had actually talked me into showing him my tits once a day. The first time had been a freak accident; the uniform I'd been wearing had been a little too snug in the chest. When the buttons popped and my boobs spilled out of it while giving old Jerald a sponge bath, he'd lunged for them with both of his liver spotted hands. I'd slapped them away at the time, trying to laugh it off, although it had been a little disturbing even for me. But then later, when I'd been tucking him into bed, he'd given me this big sob story on how I'd reminded him of his beautiful wife, Audrey, God bless her soul, who'd been the light of his life. She'd also had big knockers and had used them to soothe his aching neck when he couldn't sleep at night. I guess she'd allow him to lie on her naked breasts and he'd sleep like a baby. Well, there was no way I was going to let anyone fall asleep on my boobs and I'd refused when he'd brought it up.

"How about a little peak, then?" he'd pleaded. "Just a little?"

I laughed. "Oh, I could get in big trouble for that, Jerald."

His face fell. "But, I'm dying, you know? It would make my remaining years in the home easier."

"I really can't," I said.

He grabbed my hand. "I'll give you my car. I don't need it anymore, you see. A pretty girl like you needs a car."

Yeah, I needed my own car! 

"Well..."

"I'm serious," he pleaded. "It's sitting in storage, collecting dust, just like me. Come on, it's just for a little peak, whenever you're in the home. I'll never tell. Please?"

When I finally agreed I had to calm him down to make sure he wasn't going to have a heart attack.

"Okay," I murmured. "I'll let you have a peak but no more touching. I mean it!"

He nodded vehemently and licked his lips. "Oh no. I just want to look."

I went over to the door and closed it. "Okay Jerald," I sighed. "You ready?"

"Yes," he said, his watery blue eyes trying to see through my top as it was. I'd gotten a new uniform from the storage room, this one much larger in the hips but fit my double "D's" much better. As I began undoing my top, his hand moved under the covers.  

I paused. "What are you doing?" 

His eyes grew bigger. "Nothing."

I sighed and then finished unbuttoning the top. 

"Oh, those are nice..." he whispered. "Now," he licked his lips again, "take off the bra."

I unclasped the bra and my tits spilled out as he released a shaky sigh. Then I saw his hand began moving under the covers again. This time I knew exactly what he was trying to do. 

"Stop that. You'll hurt yourself," I said, moving closer to the bed.

"Oh...they bounce nicely when you move," he said hoarsely. "Did you know that?" 

"That's it," I said, trying to cover them. "I'm putting them back."

He raised his hand. "Wait! I won't do anything. Nothing's working down there anyway. I just had to try."

I bit the side of my lip. "Okay then. But just look a little bit longer. Then I have to get going."

"Um...can I just touch? One time is all. Pretty please? That car sure is a beauty..."

I rolled my eyes. "Fine, but just once!"

"Come closer," he said, raising his wrinkly old hands.

As soon as I moved closer he grabbed a hold of my boobs and squeezed. "Oh...my....God...." he sputtered. "If I was a young man, I'd bend you over right now and bang the shit out of you. I would indeed."

I bit back a smile, then removed his hands and stepped back. "Okay, that's quite enough. Time for bed, old man."

He licked his lips and smiled. "Those are some fine titties. Fine titties. Thank you for sharing them with an old timer."

He was really a sweet old coot and I couldn't blame him. My boobs were pretty magnificent, I had to admit that myself.

After that day I would let him see my tits and cop a feel or two, making him happy and me fantasizing about the car he was going to give me. Unfortunately, when he'd finally given me the keys, my mom had totally flipped out, making me give them back. She had no idea why he'd been so generous and I kept quiet about it.

"Yeah" I said, thinking about the car again. I suppose I could use a job, especially now that Brock's moved out of town." 

"I heard they're hiring at the mall for Santa elves," said Tasha.

I snorted. "Santa elves?"

She nodded. "Yeah, it's only seasonal but the pay is supposed to be really good, especially working the second shift. My brother's girlfriend works there part-time."

Maybe it wouldn't be so bad and I really needed the money.

That night I borrowed my mom's car and drove to the mall. There was a small store at the end of the mall they used every year for their Santa display and when I walked through the door, I noticed a couple of kids crying on the way out with their parents and two very frustrated Santa elves behind the counter. When I overheard the girls talking, I almost turned around and left.

"He just called that boy a little shit. Did you hear that?"

"That's what I thought he said. God, he's such a dickhead," murmured the other girl. They were somewhere in their twenties, both dressed in cute elf costumes that were also pretty sexy. "No wonder we keep losing employees."

"Um...excuse me," I interrupted. Both elves turned to me. "Are you hiring?"

The taller of the girls, a dark skinned girl who reminded me of some Victoria's Secret model, raised her eyebrows. "You looking for a job?"

I nodded. "Yes."

She looked me up and down. "Um, you'll need to talk to the boss."

"Who's that?"

She smiled and pointed to the back of the store. "That would be Santa."

I looked over at the man dressed as Santa. He was sitting on a makeshift sleigh in the very back of the store with a scowl on his face as a woman told him off. He snapped back at her and she stormed passed us dragging her kid with. "Jerk," she hissed.

"Oh, lovely," I mumbled.

Both elves laughed. 

I sighed. "He's not very jolly I take it?"

"Oh, he's not so bad," said one of the elves. "Normally, that is. It's just that his wife left him a couple of months ago and he recently got the divorce papers in the mail. So, he's been a little grouchy."

"Should I just go and talk to him?" I asked.

The short blond nodded. "Yeah. Don't worry, he won't bite."

Then both girls giggled again and I wondered if they were sharing a private joke.

I walked over to the grouchy looking Clause and cleared my throat. "Um...excuse me, Santa?"

His eyes were hard as they regarded me. "Yeah?"

I almost changed my mind, he looked so pissed off. "I um...sorry to bother you but I'm looking for a job."

His lips twitched. "You need a job?"

I nodded.

He stood up and walked past me, ignoring the other kids still waiting in line. "Well, stop back when the mall is about to close and we'll talk. I have other crap to take care of right now."

Then he walked away, removing a pack of cigarettes from his velvety red pants.

"Okay."

What a dick!

The elves were still staring at me with amusement as I walked passed them. "See you later," they both called.

I hung around and window shopped at the mall while I waited to meet with the guy dressed as Santa. He seemed like a complete ass but I told myself that I really needed a job. When it was time to meet with him I hurried back, only to find the pretty elves gone and him looking more pissed off than ever. He even scowled at me as I approached. 

"Something wrong?" I asked.

Thankfully, it was late and there weren't any kids around because he removed his hat, wig, and beard, tossing them to the floor. "Those bitchy elves left me high and dry," he snapped. "They left without even telling me."

"Oh, I guess you could really use some help then?"

"You guessed right."

I stared at him and was pleasantly surprised. He looked like he was in his late twenties, had grayish blue eyes, dark hair, and a handsome face. The only thing wrong with him was that permanent scowl. "Oh. Well, when can I start?"

"You're pretty confident, aren't you?" he said, standing up. He started removing his costume and I was again surprised to see how lean and muscular he was under the Santa suit.

"You certainly don't look like Santa under those clothes," I said, smiling.

His eyes raked over my body. "You certainly don't look like any of my elves."

His elves were fine so that remark pissed me off. I put my hands on my hips and raised my chin. "What's that supposed to mean?" I didn't know if he was insulting me or what.

He laughed. "I mean there's nothing small about you."

Was he calling me fat!?

"Gee, thanks," I snapped.

"Oh, no...I didn't mean..." he rubbed a hand over his face. "Jesus, I'd better shut up before I get myself in trouble for sexual harassment on an employee I haven't even hired yet."

"So, will you hire me?" I asked.

He walked over to the elf booth and handed me an application. "Fill this out and bring it in tomorrow night around six o'clock. Can you work evenings?"

I stared up at him, he was much taller than I'd thought. "Yeah, but I have school in the mornings so I'd prefer not to work too late."

He studied my face. "How old are you?"

"I'm eighteen."

He smiled. "So, you're legal."

"I'm a lot of things," I said softly. The way he was looking at me was making my pussy twitch.

His eyes skimmed my chest. He cleared his throat. "That you are. You're also still pretty young. You need a ride home?" 

He came around the desk and I stared at his athletic body. He'd been wearing sweats underneath his costume and the bulge in them promised many things. All of them good.

A ride? Hell yeah, I wanted a ride...

I sighed. "I drove here, but thanks."

"It's late, you want me to walk you to your car?"

I nodded. "Sure."

He locked up the store and followed me out to my mom's car. 

"See you tomorrow," he said, leaning down into my window. "Drive safely."

"Oh, I always drive safely," I said with a little smile.

He smiled wickedly. "That's where we're different. I drive fast and reckless. It gets me into trouble sometimes, but it's usually worth the thrill."

I stared into his gray eyes. "I like fast as long as it... lasts. See you tomorrow, er...what was your name?"

"Call me Santa," he said with a glint in his eye.

I smiled. "Very funny. I'm Ashley."

He stood up. "Well, be a good girl and Santa might reward you well this year."

"Not me. I've been pretty bad," I said.

He raised his eyebrows. "Oh?"

I licked my lips. "But being bad is usually worth it for me. See you... Santa."

****

The next day my mom dropped me off at the mall just before six o'clock. She's a nurse and had to work the late shift that night. 

"How are you getting home?" she asked.

I shrugged. "I'll just take the bus."

She frowned. "Oh no, you won't. I'll give you money for a cab," she said reaching into her purse. 

"Mom, I'll be fine."

She shook her head and pushed the money towards me. "The bus is too dangerous for a young girl. Call a cab."

"Fine. Thanks mom."

She kissed my cheek and I got out, waving as she drove away. 

The mall was busy and when I made it to Santa's shop, the two elves from yesterday were working. Both girls looked frazzled and there was a long line of kids waiting to see Santa.

"Hi," I said, flipping my hair away from my face. "I'm back."

The short blond elf smiled. "Good, now we don't have to deal with the Grinch alone."

I raised my eyebrows. "The Grinch?"

"Yeah," said the tall dark haired elf. "Jake. You know, Santa Clause?"

I laughed. "Oh, that's his name, huh? I take it he's crabby again today?"

The blond snorted. "Just another day at the North Pole."

"I'm surprised he hasn't freaked out on any of the kids, today," mumbled the other girl. "He's kept his cool but I can see it building."

We looked towards Santa who certainly looked on edge of exploding. 

"Why does he play Santa if he's such a crab-ass?" I asked.

"His brother is actually the owner of this show and pays Jake quite a bit to play Santa. Jake hates it but the money is outrageous, I guess."

"Oh," I answered.

I handed my application over to the blond. She scanned it quickly and then held out her hand. "I'm Candy," she said and then nodded to the taller elf. "That's Brown Sugar. I call her Sugar for short."

I burst out laughing. "Candy and Sugar?"

Sugar smiled. "Oh, you'll get a name, too. Jake insists on the names. It's the only thing that keeps him amused."

"I wonder what I'll be called," I murmured.

Candy touched my long red hair. "I have a feeling it's going to be "Cherry". Jake loves cherries."

Then both girls laughed and I was confused as ever.

"Here," said Sugar, handing me a uniform. "Jake said to have you try this on. I hope it fits."

Candy stared at my chest and smiled. "Although, it might be a little snug on you."

I looked down at my boobs and sighed. "These puppies are a bitch when it comes to uniforms. Where's the bathroom?"

They pointed me to the back room where I changed into the sexy little uniform. The skirt was green with red fuzzy trim and the top was a short sleeved white blouse with green and red stripes. When I'd managed to button it, I silently prayed that the buttons wouldn't pop. My boobs were straining inside already, fighting to be released. I looked into the mirror and sighed. The one place I wanted to look subtle because of children and parents and I still looked like a porn star. 

There was a knock on the door. "You doing okay?" asked Candy.

"Yeah, I think so. You can come in."

She stepped inside and looked at me. She licked her lips. "Wow...um..."

I smiled sheepishly. "I know, a little tight? I wonder if Jake will let me wear one of my own green or red sweaters from home."

She laughed. "Are you kidding me? When he sees you he's going to cream his Santa pants. I'm dying to see his expression when you walk out looking like that."

I looked down. "You don't think it's too tight?" "Hell, if I had your body I wouldn't care. You must get hit on by guys all the time."

I shrugged. "No, not all the time."

She snorted. "Right, you're so hot, I'm sure the guys are standing in line to go out with you."

I smiled. "Thanks. You're very pretty yourself. You shouldn't be complaining."

She was. Her short blond hair was cut into a little bob, she had cute dimples, big blue eyes, and her tits were small but perky.

She blushed as I stared at her chest. "I know, they're a little on the small side."

I licked my lips. "I think they look sexy. What, there's about a handful there, right?" I had an incredible urge to cup her breasts in my hands. I pushed those thoughts away as she blushed again. For someone older than me, she was very shy.

"I guess."

I looked down. "Well, if you want to know the truth, a handful is all a guy really needs. You look like me and they don't always know what to do with the other three handfuls."

She laughed. 

Someone began pounding on the bathroom door and Candy opened it.

"What the fuck is going on in here?" growled Jake. "It's busier than shit out there and I have only one elf working. Get your asses out there now."

"Sorry," muttered Candy, brushing by him.

"Sorry, Jake. I don't know what I'm supposed to be doing right now," I said to him. 

He stared at my tits and licked his lips. "Fuck, is that uniform big enough for you?"

I touched my chest and bit the side of my lip. "I hope so."

He exhaled. "Well, fuck. Um...just..."

"I think I'll be okay," I assured him. He seemed so frazzled. "Just tell me what to do."

He grabbed my hand and pulled me out of the bathroom and into the shop. "Just find out the children's names before they come to me and let me know. Keep the line going and organized. That should be enough for now. Once it dies down we'll train you on the registers so you can sell some shit."

I nodded and stood at the front of the line, smiling and talking to the kids. Most of the parents looked miserable waiting so long for Santa, but one of the single dad's looked delighted when he and his kid reached me.

"Wow," he murmured. "I had no idea elves looked like you or I would have made some visits to the North Pole myself."

I laughed. "That's funny...um sir, what's your child's name?"

"It's Ingrid. She's eight."

"Ingrid, come with me and I'll introduce you to Santa."

I walked Ingrid to Jake and he sat her down on his lap. When I went back over to Ingrid's Father, he stared openly at my boobs. "Jesus," he said, leaning into me. "Those bad boys need to breathe."

"Excuse me?" I asked, taking a step back.

He put a hand over his obvious bulge and smiled. "Just admiring the view."

"Oh," I said.

"You free after work tonight?"

I raised my eyebrows. "You're asking me out? Aren't you a little old for me?"

"Not for what I had in mind," he said under his breath.

Ingrid skipped back to us from Santa. "Let's go daddy!"

He turned to me. "So, want to meet me for a drink or something?"

"Sorry, I can't"

He moved closer and whispered into my ear. "Come one...I've got a boner with your name on it."

I pushed him away. I loved sex but when children were around it was a total turnoff. "You need to leave," I snapped.

Suddenly Jake was there. "Ho..ho..ho..what's going on here?"

"Nothing," said the dad. "Let's go Ingrid." Then he dragged his daughter out of the shop.

Jake pulled me aside. "Was he giving you a hard time?"

I smiled. "Oh, he wanted to. A really hard time."

Jake scowled. "Fucking asshole. Let me know if anyone else hits on you."
