 I had been watching the calendar, counting down the days when I would have my next appointment with nurse Sanja. She was in my thoughts a good deal of the time and my imagination would often run wild with what pleasures she might have in store for me.

Although I was trying to reduce my masturbation habits in order to be extra horny for her I wasn't always successful. And then there was the sex with my wife. 

The reality on the home front with my wife was that I had not achieved the same kind of super turgid erections that I had experienced with nurse Sanja that day in the urology office. I could usually, but not always, get it up enough to satisfy my wife, but even then she complained that my erections were too "bendy" as she put it. 

I didn't feel I needed Viagra, but my wife had broached the subject more than once. It was during one of these "discussions" I let it slip that during my appointment with nurse Sanja that I had achieved such an impressive erection that she commented on it, saying some younger men she had examined didn't get that hard. Well my wife Samantha was immediately on that and full of questions. 

Me and my big mouth! 

Now, you have to understand, Samantha is a pretty nice looking woman in her own right. She's very well preserved for a woman just past 50. Her pert breasts have not sagged much due to their modest size and her nipples are longish and pointy which turns me on. At 5'5' her compact frame and wide hips offer to the eye a woman who looks good in and out of her clothes. But, Samantha is a bit of a control freak. 

After spilling the beans about my urology appointment, I wanted to find the fewest words possible to cut short her questions. And I needed to say something that would not put nurse Sanja in a bad light. 

"It was a very thorough examination is all. She did this one procedure where she put her little pinky finger inside the foreskin and slowly circled around. She was looking for adhesions she said." I said nothing about the fact that she referred to it as 'fingering the foreskin hole' and that it felt fantastic. 

My wife eyed me suspiciously now. "I bet she's really pretty, isn't she?" 

"Oh, she's not bad looking," I replied. Lord help me if she knew how I frequently would daydream about her exotic good looks. I had a bad feeling about where this was heading. 

"I'm going with you to your next appointment!" Samantha declared. 

I felt my life passing before my eyes. I knew that there was no way out of it. Any attempt to dissuade her would just set her resolve even further. 

Inwardly I was swearing "shit shit shit!". I tried to smile and laugh it off. "If you want to come along and meet nurse Sanja, that's fine," I said weakly. "Maybe she could advise us on what my penis needs. She is quite knowledgeable, especially about uncut penises."

Samantha eyed me warily. 'Did she say why your foreskin grew back?" 

"No. She just said medical science doesn't know why. It just happens in a small percentage of men who get the radioactive seed implants for prostate cancer."

"I think you should get re-circumcised. The clean streamlined look is much sexier. I'll ask her about that when I meet her."

Bingo. This was the reason I had not wanted to talk much with my wife about my urology visit. Nurse Sanja had turned my head around 180 degrees and I was now starting to really like my uncut look and the extra pleasure that came with having all my new foreskin. 

I most enjoyed doing the technique she taught me, fingering my foreskin hole. It felt unbelievably good. 

If my wife didn't like my foreskin, too bad! 

Now in retrospect, I wondered if I should have taught my wife how to do the fingering the foreskin hole technique. Perhaps I should have tried to convert her. 

I resisted because I knew how she tends to rush through new things, sex included. 

Nurse Sanja, by contrast, had a slow hand, very slow. Her years of dealing with uncountable numbers of penises had obviously given her the time and opportunity to perfect her techniques. 

And now it seemed fated that the two women would soon meet. I feared it would be a clash of titans. 

There was now no need to try to suppress masturbation. My anxiety about the two women meeting killed my sex drive in the days leading up to the impending appointment. 

~

On the morning of the appointment, I was resigned to the entire experience being 'all business'. I had desperately wanted to warn nurse Sanja that my wife was coming with me, but because I was forced to leave a message with the office staff, I just told the receptionist that I was merely calling to confirm. I couldn't very well have the receptionist relay the message that all planned hanky panky was now off because my wife insisted on coming along. 

And now here we were with me nervously flipping through an old People Magazine and Samantha watching every pretty nurse and technician like a hawk, no doubt wondering which one was nurse Sanja. 

When Samantha and I were finally called into the examination room, I was pleasantly surprised to discover a little space heater running and the room was most comfortable. 

Sitting on the counter in a bowl of warm water water was a tube of KY jelly. 

Samantha took no notice of any of this. But clearly nurse Sanja was more than ready for me. I cringed to think of her disappointment. 

The young clerk who had led us into the room opened a storage drawer beneath the exam table and pulled out a gown. "It's the usual routine. Everything off. The gown opens in the front. You can hang your clothes on the back of the door." And with that she left. 

"You heard her. Everything off," laughed Samantha. 

Playing along to be a good sport I said, "You just wanted me to get naked for you today." 

"And to see how she plays with your Wily," she replied. "I'll be making notes!"

At least she was in a good mood today. The reality of two women seeing me naked, giving me all their attention was beginning to sink in as I unbuttoned my shirt and hung it on the hook. I could not see how what was in store could be the least bit enjoyable for me. 

I took off my shoes, undid my pants and took them off. 

"Undies too!" my wife smirked. 

I did a little dance with the folded gown in front of me, trying to make a strip tease out of it, as I slowly lowered my briefs down my legs until I was now naked - except for my socks. 

"Mmmm. That's my man! Turn around so I can see your butt. Oh yeah. Look at those beef cakes. Now the front again."

I wagged my penis at her several times then slipped the gown on. Maybe this wasn't going to be as bad as I dreaded. 

I tied the string at the top and middle of the gown. It was a lot shorter than the one I had the last time. It was more like a medical nightie, stopping at least six inches above my knees. Whatever. 

I was still standing in front of the door when there was a quick rap and it opened, bumping me. I jumped to the side so nurse Sanja could come in and I quickly thrust my arm toward my wife. "Nurse Sanja, this is my wife Samantha. Samantha, nurse Sanja."

Samantha stood and extended her hand. "You can call me Sam. Most everyone does, except him. I'm just here to pick up a few pointers on his pointer. I'm told you are quite the penis expert."

Nurse Sanja looked flustered, then blushed. "I just try and help my patients, the best that I can."

My gaze took in the vision of beauty before me. Her flawless light brown skin contrasted so perfectly with the white nurse dress that buttoned all the way up and down the front. It was even shorter than my gown and I felt a stir as I took in her shapely legs. 

I noted that the bottom button on the dress was undone and the top two buttons on the top were also unfastened, showing slightly more cleavage than what she presented on my last visit. What would my wife think? 

Her dark hair was up today, but with little dark adorning wisps that came out at the temples the way so many desi women wear it. In short, she looked so hot I wanted to just grab her right then and throw her on the examination table in front of my wife. 

"So, Mrs. Rupp, uh, I mean Sam, is your husband having additional issues since his last visit?"

"Nothing serious. I think we need to discuss getting him circumcised. Doug also happened to mention recently you were able to get him to a fully erect state on his last visit. I think his erections with me are a little on the bendy side. But now that I'm here I think I understand. He never mentioned you are drop dead gorgeous."

Nurse Sanja started blushing and so did I. 

"He likes desi girls you know. From his time in the service. Isn't that right Doug?"

"Yeah, sure. I'd be lying if I said no."

"Why didn't you tell me she's so beautiful?"

"Uh, I um."

"You probably masturbate to her. Don't you?" 

"Well, I, um. I'm not going to uh..."

"I think most men have masturbatory fantasies," replied nurse Sanja, coming to my defense. "No need to answer, Doug," she laughed. "In order to address Sam's questions, I think we had better get to the examination. We have a lot of ground to cover if we're going to get to the, uh, long and short of the issues, so to speak."

My wife laughed at the little joke. Nurse Sanja stepped toward me and untied the top tie on the gown and then the one lower down. The gown was still closed and she looked at Samantha. 

"I'm going to open the gown now, if that is alright with you, Sam."

Sam nodded. 

I was starting to feel tingles. She parted the gown so now it hung fully open. I looked down and noticed I was not in hiding today. The warm room was keeping everything hanging fully loose.

"It looks like an anteater doesn't it?" said my wife pointing to my penis and all its extra skin. 

Nurse Sanja just smiled. "The good news for you Sam is that all this extra new skin is highly sensitive. Did you know that?"

Nurse Sanja gently stroked the end out to the tip. I gasped. "Try it yourself." She took my wife's hand and moved it to my penis. 

"Just stroke all this skin from the head forward."

My wife did as she was told and even though she was not as gentle as nurse Sanja it felt wonderful. My heartbeat picked up and so did my breathing. 

"Not a real long one, but nice and thick. You know what I mean?" laughed my wife. It sure stretches me out side to side. And he still turns the ladies' heads. Don't you Doug?

"If you don't mind me saying so, I confess your husband is indeed quite handsome," said nurse Sanja. 

She was now slowly moving her hands around my lower abdomen, perhaps feeling for possible hernias. Her touch felt soo good.

My wife watched with great interest. Me? I was starting to feel all tingly down there.

"With that gown on him you can't see his best feature. He's got a great butt. Here, I'll show you. Samantha moved toward me and with a quick jerk pulled the gown off my shoulders and let it slide to the floor. I was now totally naked, well, except for my socks. I was stunned. 

"Look at those beef cakes. Solid. He's a hiker you know. Go ahead feel how solid they are." She took nurse Sanja's hand and placed it on my ass. "Squeeze it." 

"I really shouldn't."

"You won't get a chance like this again. Go on." 

Nurse Sanja slid her fingers down my butt crack and grasped firmly, then gave it a little massage. "Yes, he's very firm back there." She moved to the other cheek and massaged it as well. 

"That's it don't be shy. Look. He likes that." 

Now I was blushing. The tingling sensations were getting stronger and I could feel my penis start to get longer. 

"Oh my. Yes he does," agreed nurse Sanja approvingly.

"Stand with your feet apart," commanded Samantha. 

I did as I was told and she moved her hand between my legs to slip it behind my testicles. She lightly stroked them from behind then cupped them. 

"I hope you appreciate those." nurse Sanja said to Samantha. "See how nicely they hang and what a large full pair they are. They're like bull's balls." 

"Oh yes. And they're very sensitive you know," replied my wife. She began working her thumb and forefinger around my scrotum. Nurse Sanja's eyes were wide open. 

"Just flick his balls back and forth a few times. My wife suggested. Go on. Do it. 

"Why yes. Yes. You are right!" Nurse Sanja reached her hand between my legs and gently swung by balls back and forth. But she was more adventurous than my wife. She was letting her fingers slide all the way back to the bottom of my buttocks. There was no way I could stop an erection from coming on. 

My wife watched nurse Sanja's hand and alternately my penis as she played with my testicles. 

"I love the feeling of them slapping against me when he takes me from behind," Samantha whispered, a reverence in her voice. 

"I'll bet he expels a lot of semen when he comes," suggested nurse Sanja. 

My head jerked. She knew damn well how much I came from my last visit!! 

"Oh yes. I can always feel it when he lets loose. I wait for that flood inside me. I can't come until he does. Then it oozes out of me, everywhere. Then I just lay there in a sticky puddle."

"Sam, you are one lucky woman."

"Don't I know it."

"Excuse me! Was there supposed to be a medical exam happening today?" I asked. These women were having way too much fun at my expense. 

"Yes, I think we need proceed to the actual penis examination now. Look. He's already becoming a little more erect."

"Well look at that!" said Samantha. "A lot more erect! You are the penis expert!" She took the chair she had been using an moved it in close, leaning in and grinning at nurse Sanja.

"I always consider it such an honor to be able to help older men with their erection problems," confided nurse Sanja.

"I see now that's why he likes you. Is that right Dear? You like her, don't you?"

"Yes. Of course. Nurse Sanja is very dedicated to her work," I replied, hoping that was the correct answer. I felt my penis was no longer hanging and had raised up a little. 

"Sam, I'm going to have to take his penis in my hands now. Is that OK?"

Samantha simply nodded. 

But before nurse Sanja wrapped the fingers of her left hand around my shaft I saw her unbutton the next button up from the bottom of her dress. If Samantha noticed, it was not apparent to me. She was watching nurse Sanja's fingers on my penis. 

Now with her free hand she removed the KY jelly from the warm water and squeezed out a generous glob. 

"Sam, I'm going to show you something you can only do with uncircumcised men." 

As she held my shaft with one hand, she swished some gel around the end of the foreskin. Then she put another glob on her pinky finger and slowly inserted it at my foreskin hole. "Now watch as I swirl the gel around on the inside. Men go insane with pleasure from just this little move. You can't do this to men with no foreskin," she grinned. 

Samantha scooted in closer, placing one hand on my butt and the other on the inside of my thigh, moving it slowly up and down. Electric sensations were surging through me. I felt we now had lift off. 

"I'm moving my pinky finger back to swirl around his penis head now. I do this to check adhesions, but it also feels fantastic. See how his cock head is growing and becoming more defined?" 

Samantha licked her lips in acknowledgement. "You can see the shape of his helmet now underneath the skin! It's looking more like a big mushroom now."

"Yes. We're getting a good healthy response. It's longer now and fully rising. Feel it."

"Wow. That's pretty damn firm!"

"Yes, but we're just getting started. The secret is to take everything real slow, the slower the better."

"Slower. Got it."

Take your hand off his inner thigh and cup his balls with it. Do a little rocking motion, almost imperceptible."

"That's it. Look. He's really turgid now."

I had gone beyond sticking straight out to pointing upward at a 45 degree angle. 

"Oh my god. He is. You're a damn miracle worker!!"

"Lightly stroke the underside near the end where all the extra skin is bunching up."

I gasped. The pleasure was near maximum.

"Would you like the honor of pulling the foreskin back? You are his wife after all."

"Oh please."

"Grasp the whole shaft and slowly slide it back so we can see see that swollen head. It should be quite red."

Samantha gave nurse Sanja a little look as to how she knew that but proceeded to wrap her fingers around my shaft while cupping my balls with her other hand. I noticed nurse Sanja's face with less than an inch from the end of my cock. Her mouth was open and her tongue was out. 

"Look at that!" exclaimed Samantha. 

A blizzard of sensations swirled in my brain. 

"I need to feel it. May I?" asked nurse Sanja. 

"Yes. Of course."

Her hand reached out and firmly grasped the shaft and gave it a couple of slow long strokes. 

"Look! He's oozing!" Samantha shouted.

I could feel the hot breath of both their faces on my swollen cock. I wanted one of them to lick off the pre-cum. 

"I'm afraid I'm going to drip on the floor again," I pleaded. 

"I always just lick it when he's ready to drip," said Samantha taking the initiative. 

"Yes!" I groaned. I grabbed the hair on the back of her head and nudged her lips against it. She stuck out her tongue with her mouth open and I pushed my way inside all the way back to her tonsils. 

Samantha started sucking furiously making obscene slurping sounds. Her enthusiasm was unbridled, like nothing I had ever seen before. 

I felt like I was now building to a climax in her mouth, but could not stop myself. Samantha had never sucked me off with such passion. 

As she continued sucking and slurping, nurse Sanja began unbuttoning the lower buttons on her dress and hiked it high. With her legs spread wide, I could see that she was not wearing any panties. Clearly she had prepared for a visit sans wife. 

Just then Samantha looked back to comment at how red my cock head looked. Her eyes widened when she saw nurse Sanja fingering herself, legs wide apart. Her ample inner kips hung outside her labia major, glistening. 

"Looks like all three of us are turned on. I need to get my clothes off," Samantha exclaimed. 

Thank goodness! It saved me from coming so soon, much to my relief. The two women were undressing at a furious pace. 

Samantha was already out of her slacks and nurse Sanja was now standing and finishing the unbuttoning of her dress. I slid my wife's panties down and off her feet then moved to nurse Sanja, to take off her bra, unleashing heavy mounds with dark pointy nipples. I gave them a quick brush and a feel before moving lower to wet my fingers on her protruding pussy lips. My throbbing penis was sliding into her butt crack.

Samantha, now naked, watched me as I put my fingers in my mouth to taste nurse Sanja's juices. Samantha plunged her fingers into her deep cleft and started rubbing while staring at nurse Sanja's totally shaven snatch. 

"You poor dear. It's running all down your leg," said Samantha moving her hand along nurse Sanja's inner thigh. I caused this didn't I?" 

"I get so juicy when I need to get fucked," panted nurse Sanja. 

"Dear baby, we can't have you like this, can we Doug? We've got to help her."

"Put me in the stirrups. Spread me wide open," nurse Sanja pleaded. 

I was standing behind her fondling her breasts and nipples while humping her ass crack. Samantha was now pressed against her pelvis, the two women's bellies heaving against each other. 

Samantha began kissing me, giving me lots of tongue and I could feel my cock riding deep into nurse Sanja's ass. 

"Stirrups. I want cock. Just fuck me."

Samantha pulled back and looked at me as I now guided the delirious nurse back to the exam table. I swung the left stirrup out then the right. Samantha placed one foot in and I placed the other foot. Samantha looked in awe at the glistening pussy lips, reached out to stroke them and flick her standing clitoris back and forth. It engorged even further now looking like a small rosy chick pea.
