 I was barely inside the door of my room when I was attacked, and rather hungrily, by her. She had her mouth on mine, her lips pressed to my own, her tongue soon pushing past to taste me and see if I had done what she asked of me. I had, of course, wanting to see what she would do about it, and I wasn't disappointed. My pants were soon down at my ankles, her lips enclosed around my cock as if she were a starving woman, her tongue engaged in licking me from the head to the base and back. She knew that, especially after what I had done with her in mind, my dick would take some time to recover, but it was worth it, as it got her hot and heavy for me. Something about tasting my wife's juices on my mouth and my prick got my sister-in-law extremely aroused. 

"Oh, wow, you did it.....You really did what I asked you to do. Thank you, Dan! Think that you'll knock her up again? I hope so, and soon, baby! My sister is so damn happy when she carries your kids and it makes her horny as fuck, doesn't it? I can't wait to have your baby, too, and see how I behave compared to her! I hope to be as insatiable as Lisa is! Of course, her cheating isn't going to stop, but that's all the more reason to keep up your affair with me, isn't it?" Michelle licked her lips as she finished stripping me of my clothes with an eagerness that would be hard to describe if one hadn't witnessed it. 

"Well, it's been awhile since she's had kids, but I do recall how she was while making and carrying them," I chuckled, "As for the cheating, you know as well as I do that was coming when she ran into James. Sentimentality and all that jazz. She should have listened to me and agreed to an open marriage, but give her time. She'll come around." 

"Oh, she will 'cum' around, indeed. That for me, honey?" my sister-in-law remarked as she drooled over my boner, recovered at last. 

"Hell, yeah, babe, and you know it!" I told, as I removed her skirt, one that extended to cover part of her blouse, after which I began to open said blouse as well. 

Michelle didn't wear a bra, either, and in an open, cream-colored blouse and black silk panties, she looked as lovely and sexy as ever. Her curly, jet-black hair, her impish smile, and her dark brown eyes all matched well with her milky white skin on her petite and slender frame. She had spent most of her life as the second daughter, living in Big Sis Lisa's shadow, but she definitely came into her own here, as I roughly removed her blouse and slid those panties down with my teeth to leave her in only her long, white socks and her black heels. She gladly bent over the bed for my inspection, spreading her cheeks to show me a very clean butt-crack. 

Seeing this, there was only one thing to do, and that was to devour her ass. My tongue traveled between her buns with a gusto that she could scarcely find anywhere else. Ironically, the only possible exceptions were her long-time girlfriend, Missy, and Michelle herself, the latter being physically impossible. Missy and Michelle had been lovers for years, something that several of us knew about, but didn't tell her parents, because it wasn't our place. Lisa knew it. I knew it. Most of our friends knew it. Then again, both women also shared men....it was just their thing. They were poly as well as bi and they were a "package deal," as they liked to say. You couldn't fuck Missy without Michelle and vice versa. 

As if thinking of Missy could produce her, my sister-in-law's kinky girlfriend entered the room and dropped the lunch for the three of us on the stand before undressing herself. She also let down her wavy, dirty blonde hair that reminded me how sexy she was in her own right, even as she joined me in pleasuring Michelle. Missy's tongue began focusing on Michelle's pussy for her part, while mine fixated on her ass. If my sister-in-law's nerve endings were on fire before, they were a massive blaze now, as she reveled in my kisses and licks as well as her girlfriend's. 

"Oh, fuck, you guys.....Oh, fucking God!" Michelle lost it and acted as if she had gotten religion or something the way that she reacted to our tongues exploring her bottom half.....which was funny, because she was a preacher's daughter, of course. 

My sister-in-law creamed herself now and she was more than ready for what came next, namely my dick plunging into her soaking wet twat. I was bareback, of course. I wasn't about to deny myself the chance to donate sperm to Michelle and Missy's cause of lesbian parenthood, after all. As it was, I already lost enough sensation from being circumcised. I didn't need to make it worse, did I? Besides, my "M and M"s, as I sometimes jokingly called them, were too sweet to justify denying them my spunk. I loved and trusted them and there was no way in Hell that I was going to use a rubber when coupling with either of them. 

I continued fucking Michelle for a considerable length of time after I slid into her cunt, pulling her hair as I ravished her with my usual vigor. By now, Missy's tongue had moved over to Michelle's ass and I watched with delight as she rimmed her lover while I drove it balls deep inside her. The constant juggernaut of oral and penile attention to her holes was more than enough to arouse and stimulate Michelle to no end, of course. The sight of Missy's dirty blonde hair flowing out from Michelle's butt-crack as she rimmed her was quite aesthetically and erotically pleasing in itself, mind you, in addition to the sheer sloppiness and slickness of my raven companion's silky smooth snatch. 

All this focus on her naturally helped get Michelle closer with each stroke of my cock and each lick of Missy's tongue, as well as each thrust of my hips to meet her own pelvic action. Doggy-style action also enabled me to go deeper, which Michelle especially loved. Michelle creamed herself yet again, and when Missy slipped her tongue just a little inside her backdoor, she lost all self-control. Michelle's face went red and she bit her bottom lip, especially as I began rubbing her clit furiously with my left hand, masturbating her to make her climax imminent, which it did. She blasted my dick with her juices, splashing me good, the final step that forced me to cum inside her pussy at last. 

"Ready for lunch, I gather, to recover for round two?" I teased the couple, both of whom gave me ardent, sensual kisses that made it plain that there might well be a round three or four if they had any say about it. 

"So, how did my asshole taste?" Michelle asked me, just seconds before Missy planted one on her. 

"Try it for yourself, babe," Missy told her, even as we began eating a nice lunch there that tasted suspiciously like Lisa's cooking.

This reinforced my thought that my wife was well aware of my affair with her sister and her sister's girlfriend. I smiled and winked at both girls as we ate the homemade burgers and home fries, every bite adding to my suspicions. This was not exactly hiding it well, was it, but then why would my sister-in-law and her girlfriend want to cover Lisa's tracks, right? Lisa must have assumed that Michelle and Missy would play along with her game, at least for now, but, frankly, I was already suspicious and there was no reason for the girls to keep up the pretense, was there? 

"I have no complaints about the taste of Michelle's ass......or of Lisa's cooking. Yes, girls, I think that the gig is up. Don't you? Lisa knows about us, doesn't she?" I expressed my thoughts aloud, also glad that Michelle kept her booty clean so that Missy's tongue didn't ruin the taste of my wife's latest culinary effort. 

"Well, we didn't hide it well, did we? Why should we? Sooner or later, this is all going to come out and Lisa is just going to have to deal with sharing you openly with both of us," Michelle observed as she alternated eating and making out with both of us. 

"That is very true, isn't it? Then, with any luck, it's polyamory city!" I chuckled. 

"Exactly, and you'll have it, trust me. Lisa's not perfect, but she'd never want to give you up. She adores you and she knows that she goofed up, even now. Especially now, which was why she cooked this little scheme of hers. She knows the price and she agreed to it in order to save her marriage. She'll do what is best for herself and the rest of us, whatever her mistakes," Michelle beamed as she ate more of her sister's work and spoke her own honest, but loving view of Lisa. 

"She's a great wife, she really is, human and flawed though she is. In her own way, she can be as sweet and kind as you gals," I noted. 

"Precisely. I still find myself wanting to suck those tits of hers, too," Missy admitted aloud, making Michelle spit out her Coke and me nearly choke on my burger. 

"Well, I have to say that she does have rather nice tits. I could see the appeal of sucking on them. I wonder if she would ever be open to breastfeeding her own sister?" Michelle licked her lips, "I bet that her milk is nice and sweet, too." 

"That is a rather sensual mental image there, of two of my lovers sucking on my wife's tits and drinking her milk, especially while all three of you are preggers," I laughed, as Missy planted her cunt on my cock and started fucking me in my seated position. 

"So glad that you're nice and stiff again, baby!" Missy announced, happy to use me for sex. 

"Deanna's another one of your lovers, isn't she? Kissing cousins and all that jazz?" Michelle asked as she finished her meal and spread Missy's cheeks to rim her in turn. 

"Hell, yeah!" I admitted, as Missy bounced on my dick and put her breasts against my face. 

"Oh, honey, I would love to have a foursome with Missy, Deanna, and you!" Michelle confessed as she began eating Missy's ass with her usual hunger. 

This only made it more stimulating for me, which was good, because I came so recently the worry was that I would be too sore to stay hard, not that I would cum too fast. Something about the enthusiasm and zeal with which Michelle always approached analingus appealed to me in ways that were difficult to define. One got the impression that not only did she love to please others, but she also genuinely enjoyed the flavors of a nice, clean ass, especially female. The way that she winked at me and mouthed the words, "Deanna's ass," only reinforced the idea that she looked forward to rimming my cousin, too. 

Meanwhile, Missy was more than doing her part to keep me excited, riding my cock like as if she feared that it might vanish on her, but there was no danger of that anytime soon. My dick pumped in and out of Missy as she rode me, her wonderful bosom pushing against my face and almost forcing me to motorboat with her. In fact, it wasn't long before Missy realized the opening and deliberately ground her breasts against my face, her kisses landing on my head as she did so. She mischievously made a game of nearly suffocating me with her cleavage, even as her lover kept licking that sweet ass of hers and her pussy tightened up repeatedly on my prick. 

Between the lesbian rimming that I could hear from Michelle's tongue slurping her way up and down Missy's crack, the splendid bust pressed against my face, the loving kisses planted on the top of my head, and the exquisitely wet and tight twat surrounding my dick....I just couldn't keep it up forever, and my cock finally shot out the contents of my balls into Missy's cunt. The spunk did the trick, along with Michelle's tongue inserting itself directly into her asshole for a bit. Missy lost any facade of self-restraint and she came before slumping on top of me for a moment. Then she hobbled to her feet before I pulled her back onto the bed to share a nap with me. 

Michelle, Missy, and I drifted off to sleep for a good hour or so, only to be awakened by a rather inconvenient phone call.....from my wife. Michelle and Missy both fought back giggles as they lay naked in bed next to me, listening to me speak to Lisa without giving away the fact that I was in bed with two other women, including her own sister. The funny was that, even though Lisa knew that I knew about her cheating.....and knew about my cheating as well, even probably knew where I was, she didn't act upset at all. On the contrary, she dragged out the conversation as long as she could and even flirted playfully with me on the phone. It was the last thing that she said before hanging up, though, that was strangest of all. 

"You know, honey, you and I......we're going to be together, no matter what. Whatever happens, whatever screwups or mistakes or whatever, I have already made up my own mind.....You're stuck with me, buster. You'll never have me out of your life. So, don't ever worry about losing me, because you never will. You're just going to have to deal with me the rest of your life," Lisa told me with a hint of mischief. 

"Yeah, well, suck it up, buttercup, because you're stuck with me, too," I warned her with no shortage of devilishness of my own. 

"I bet that you say that to all of your girls," Lisa hung up, presumably teasing, or was she.....After all, she knew about my cheating, as she had set me up with Michelle and Missy in the first place. 

I didn't long to think about it, as Michelle and Missy pushed me onto the bed, so that Missy could sit on my face and Michelle could ride my dick....yes, there would be a round three, after all, just in time to knock my sister-in-law up.....So what if Lisa had a boyfriend or two on the side? I wasn't doing too badly myself.