 *Author's Note: Any and all persons engaging in any sexual activity are at least eighteen years of age.

Disclaimers: This story has been edited by myself, using Microsoft Spell-check. You have been forewarned.

Also, if male bisexuality offends you, please hit your backspace key now.

*.*.*.*

Wednesday, January 17, 2018 was bone-chilling cold. An arctic blast blew down from Canada, as far south as DeGarde, Louisiana. The temperatures plummeted to twenty three degrees Fahrenheit. But with the wind chill, coupled with the humidity, Vee Aucoin, the attractive meteorologist of Performance 12 News said the wind chill made it feel like just nine degrees outside.

"Global warming? What global warming?" Todd Jensen chuckled drily as he did a mental check of his provisions.

He decided a run to the grocery store may be a good idea. Backing his pickup truck out of the garage, he nodded politely to the four teenagers that bravely stood outside, throwing a football back and forth. 

Three of the young men, he recognized. The fourth young man, he did recognize as the foster kid staying with the Mendoza family. Todd didn't know the boy's name. He was a cute young man with shaggy blonde hair, bright blue eyes and chubby face. He wore a short down jacket; Todd glanced at the cheap denim jeans the boy wore and admired the young man's plump buttocks.

Todd drove south on Highway 19. Just as he was drawing near Arrow Court Apartments, he thought he might want to see if Jefferson had any good Colombian or Maui Wowie.

Jefferson had both, along with some Jamaican and Todd left Jefferson's foul smelling apartment very happy. 

Super One Foods grocery store was a zoo; everyone was just getting off of work, everyone was trying to get shopping done, get home to the family. Todd was in no rush as he walked from aisle to aisle. He chatted politely with other shoppers, made a Latin child laugh and the child's short, obese mother smile.

Snow was falling in small stinging pellets as Todd left the grocery store. It was already dark, but the parking lot lights had not come on yet. Todd loaded everything into the cab of the pickup then returned the cart to the cart stand.

"Thanks, Mister," one of the store's employees said, teeth chattering.

"Welcome. Used to work at Early's, when I was a kid," Todd smiled. "Hated those ass holes would leave their carts all the way up the road."

"Tell me about it," the kid agreed.

As Todd arrived home again, the four youths were no longer in sight. Obviously dinner, and the bitter cold had driven them inside.

Thursday, January 18, the snow was at least two inches thick. By three o'clock, the temperature climbed to 38 degrees and some of the snow began to melt. Then, at five o'clock, when the sun dipped low in the horizon, the temperatures again plunged to 27 degrees and the melted snow froze. Then another two inches of a hard snow fell.

Friday morning, Todd received the text message letting him know the office would be closed that day. A transformer on Highway 19 had blown and another transformer on Highway 52 had also gone down. The two transformers blowing would have been bad enough, but the grid at St. Elizabeth's Public Utilities had also fried as a result of the severe spike.

No electricity? No computers. No computers? No reason for Todd to come in.

"Well, that's why it's pretty damned cold in here," Todd said. "Heater's not on."

Thankfully, his hot water heater was gas. So was his stove. Todd took a hot shower, then dressed in his flannel lined jeans, a tee shirt and a sweatshirt.

He grabbed the generator off of his RV and hooked it up to the refrigerator. He also dragged in another four arms full of firewood and lighted a fire in his living room's fireplace. Then he put a pot of water on the stove and brewed himself a few cups of coffee.

After that, Todd rolled and lighted his first joint of the day. No work, no noise, no television, seven forty in the morning was as good a time as any to start off the weekend.

At the Mendoza home, Brian Hampton looked out the window at the sparkling white landscape. The eighteen year old boy was cold; it was cold in the house. Mrs. Mendoza also had made them peanut butter and jelly sandwiches for breakfast; her stove would not work without electricity.

Brian did not like Mrs. Mendoza. The fat woman was shrill, demanding, unfriendly.

But at least she wasn't beating him. At least Mrs. Mendoza wasn't flailing wildly at his naked flesh while quoting (often misquoting) the Bible.

Gina Bao came and stood next to Brian. The orphaned girl was also a foster child of the Mendoza house. Her father and step-mother had been addicted to meth, had been mainlining the drug for a year when they overdosed and died.

Brian looked down at the cute Asian-American girl. She smiled shyly up at him, then they looked out at the landscape again.

"Instead of just standing there, why y'all don't see there's something y'all can do?" Frank Mendoza, the seventeen year old son sneered.

"Like what?" Gina asked, not turning around.

"There's some shovels in the garage; go see anyone wants their driveway scraped off," Frank suggested.

Brian nodded in agreement. He knew, as soon as he graduated from DeGarde High School, he would be out of a place to stay. Mr. Mendoza had made no secret of that.

So, the more money in his pocket, the better his chances of survival would be. He nodded again and walked to his room.

Gina also nodded and went to her room. She knew Frank liked her. Mr. and Mrs. Mendoza thought it was cute and even encouraged their brash, overbearing son's attentions. But Gina found him to be boorish. He was also quite obese, quite lazy.

Both eighteen year old foster kids went door to door along the south side of Trenton Street. The four that did answer their door smiled sympathetically, but shook their heads no.

Determined to make some money, somehow, someway, Brian and Gina then attacked the north side of Trenton Street. Again, the few that answered the door told the two eighteen year old kids no.

Todd heard a knock at his door. His was the last house before the corner, the last house on his side of the street that faced Trenton Street.

"Hey, damn its cold out here," Todd smiled, looking at the dejected faces of Brian and Gina. "I don't know you. I've seen you two around, but I don't know you."

"Huh? Oh. Well, I'm Brian, this is Gina. We uh, we live at the Mendozas," Brian did the introductions.

"Mister, we can clear your driveway for you," Gina said quickly.

"Come on in, get out of the cold, huh?" Todd offered, stepping aside.

Brian and Gina knew they shouldn't enter the man's home. They were both new to the neighborhood. Neither one of them knew Todd Jensen, other than to wave to him.

Another Arctic blast convinced them and Brian leaned their two shovels against the outside wall of the small porch and followed Gina into the house. They both stopped just inside the front door.

Gina could smell the marijuana and gave an appreciative sniff to the air.

Brian was looking at the crackling fire with longing.

"Todd. Todd Jensen. Been living here; man! Moved here, I'm thirty four now, eleven years in March," Todd said. "Just made another pot of coffee; y'all want some coffee?"

"Yeah," Brian agreed.

"Yes, please," Gina agreed.

"Hook's right there; go on, hang your coats up," Todd said. "What y'all take in it?"

"Cream, sugar," Brian said.

"Milk, got any Splenda?" Gina asked.

"Splenda? You 'bout waste away. Why you use that stuff?" Brian teased the slight girl.

"Keep my girlish figure," Gina said, wiggling her nonexistent hips for emphasis.

"Yeah, ex-wife used that crap," Todd said from the kitchen of the house. "Still got some around here somewhere."

Returning to the semi-lighted living room, he urged the two to the couch. He then sat in the wingback chair by the window.

"You uh, you smoke?" Gina said, nodding to the bag of marijuana, the rolling papers on the man's coffee table.

"No. I uh, I'm just holding it for a friend. Never use the stuff," Todd said, affecting a frightened voice.

"Man, this is good coffee," Brian said. "Hey, wait a minute. If there's no electricity, how'd you make coffee?"

"Stove," Todd chuckled. "Believe it or not, people had coffee long before Mr. Coffee came out with their coffee makers."

Todd waved to the window. The curtain was slightly open, letting in some pale sunlight.

"Watched y'all going up and down the street," he said. "Man! Y'all didn't get a single one, huh?"

"No," Brian said, sipping the steaming hot beverage.

"Bunch of people even pretended wasn't home," Gina said.

"Sucks," Todd said. "So, what y'all need the work for?"

"Money," Brian said.

"Oh. Kay," Todd said. "That's the obvious thing. Guess I'm trying see why y'all need money."

"Oh," Brian said.

"Tired of just having what Mrs. Mendoza says I can have," Gina said, pretty little face screwed up tight.

"Want get me a car," Brian said. "I had a car? I'd have freedom."

"I had a cross. I mean, the chain was this dinky little thing, but the cross was nice and my step-mom sold it. Bitch didn't even get five bucks for it," Gina said.

Todd regarded them as he casually rolled a joint. He smiled; Gina's almond eyes watched him with interest. Brian also watched him.

"Tabitha; that was my wife, Tabitha," Todd said slowly as he rolled a second joint of the Jamaican. "Anyway, she'd been screwing her boss, manager at the restaurant she was a waitress at."

Todd rolled a third joint, this one was the Maui weed. The Colombian was some very potent weed; Todd had that weed stashed in his bedroom, behind the chest of drawers.

"Anyway, when she left, I took her Toyota. I'm one paying for it, title's in my name, insurance is in my name? Bitch, I'm keeping it," Todd said.

He indicated the cigarette lighter on the coffee table. Gina did not hesitate to pick up at joint and light it. Brian looked at Todd. When Todd nodded approval, Brian took a second joint and lighted it.

"Kept the jewelry I'd given her while we were together," Todd said. "Doubt if her lawyer knew anything; didn't even ask about it."

The heat from the fireplace kept the small room comfortable, warm. The weed was good weed. The coffee had also been warm, soothing. Brian was beginning to wish he'd not worn two pairs of thermal underwear underneath the cheap jeans. He was getting quite warm. He also had a tank top, a tee shirt, and a flannel shirt on underneath the faded University of Louisiana at DeGarde Sweatshirt.

"But I haven't had a piece of ass since Tabitha said 'see you, dumb ass,'" Todd said.

Gina coughed harshly. Brian wasn't sure he'd heard right so let his lung full of smoke out.

"Uh, what?" Brian asked.

"I haven't fucked since my wife left me," Todd said. "I got a serious case of blue balls here. I want a piece of ass, you want a car. Well, I got a car, how about a piece of ass? And you. You're wanting jewelry, stuff you can call your own? Shit, there's even a Cartier watch in there."

"I uh, both of us?" Gina asked, coughing under control.

"Uh huh," Todd said.

"I uh, man, huh?" Brian sputtered.

But Brian's eyes were glued to the sizeable lump in their host's jeans. Brian had suspected, was fairly certain he was homosexual. Possibly bisexual; he did enjoy Gina's attention. He did fantasize about plunging his cock into her pussy. He even fantasized about Gina becoming pregnant, belly swelling with his, their child.

Brian and Gina finished smoking their joints. A grandfather clock ticked in the corner, pendulum swinging back and forth. Gina then pulled her sweater up and off.

Her glasses became entangled in the sweater and she fished them out. She put them on, then brushed her short bowl cut with her fingers.

"Gina?" Brian asked.

"What?" Gina asked, blushing as she pulled her thermal shirt up.

Brian could feel some sweat trickling down his back. He pulled the sweatshirt off and began to unbutton his flannel shirt. Gina's tee shirt came up next, revealing that she'd gone braless.

Her breasts were small, barely even swells on her small frame. Her areolae were small dark dots on her chest.

Todd did think that a small gold cross would look quite lovely nestled between the two small lumps. He got to his feet, added another log to the fire, then left the room.

"You really going..." Brian asked in a hoarse whisper as their host left the room.

"Tired using my hairbrush," Gina giggled as she stood and attempted to slide her tennis shoes from her feet without unlacing them.

"You, you been using..." Brian asked, cock giving a twitch as he thought about the small woman masturbating.

Todd returned, holding something in his hand. He silently stepped behind Gina and draped the fine gold chain on her bare flesh. The cross did look very fetching as it swung to and fro between her small breast bumps.

"Yours. Even if you don't, even if we don't..." Todd said.

"I uh, I can use your bathroom?" Brian asked, stomach suddenly knotting up.

Todd nodded with his head and Brian followed the handsome man to a short hall. Just inside the hall, Todd opened a door.

Todd returned and saw that Gina was now nude. The four foot ten inch girl had almost no curves at all. Her breasts were two hard bumps on her chest. Her navel was an 'outtie' belly button. Her hips were bony and her thighs were thin.

Her pubic mound was a swell between her legs. There was a fine dusting of small black hairs that did not cover her slit. Her inner lips were beginning to swell; there was a slight sheen of moisture on them.

They heard the toilet flush. A moment later, Brian entered the room and continued to remove his own clothes.

"Mister... Todd, you uh, you not going get naked?" Gina asked, firelight dancing on the lenses of her glasses.

"Hmm? Oh, oh yeah," Todd laughed and kicked off his tennis shoes as Brian slid the second pair of thermal underwear down his chubby legs.

Todd's cock jerked to full hardness as he saw Brian's fat six inches of uncircumcised cock. There was just a fringe of light brown curls around the base of the beautiful cock and there were two heavy balls hanging down underneath.

Gina did not wait for instructions. She knelt down on Todd's carpet and gripped Brian's hard cock in her small hand. Looking up into Brian's glazed eyes, Gina opened her small mouth and flicked her tongue at the shiny head.

Both Gina and Brian moaned as her thin lips closed around the glans of Brian's cock. Her small tongue continued to flick against the sensitive head. She could taste Brian's excitement begin to flow.

Brian's cock jerked and twitched, his eyes opened wide as he saw the seven and a half inches of very fat meat their new friend sported. Just like Brian, the blond haired Todd Jensen had a light brown fringe of curls around the base of his hard, dripping cock. Just like him, Todd had two heavy looking balls swinging as he walked up behind the kneeling Gina.

"Um!" Gina grunted as Todd knelt down behind her and gripped her tiny breasts in his large hands.

"Ugh!" she grunted loudly as Todd pinched down, hard on her nipples.

"Mm-hmm!" Gina moaned as Todd slid a hand down and cupped her wet pussy.

"Erg!" she squealed around Brian's cock as she felt Todd's fingers pulling her flat backside open.

"Gina, I'm Gina..." Brian panted as Gina used her small hand to jack Brian's cock.

Brian tensed, then squealed as he began to spurt his semen into Gina's sucking mouth. Gina moaned in her throat as she swallowed Brian's salty, bitter semen.

When Brian finally slumped back onto the couch, Todd stepped up and pressed his own cock to Gina's lips. She opened her mouth and swallowed Todd into her small mouth. Todd grunted as the girl's hot wet mouth surrounded his flesh. Her small tongue flicked at his flesh.

"Aw, damn it, really?" Todd suddenly protested as Gina's tongue lapped at his plum shaped cockhead.

Gina had not even begun to give Todd a good blow job and his sperm was already beginning to bubble up. She smiled up at him from her kneeling position and applied forceful suction.

"Shit!" Todd barked out and pumped a stream of semen into Gina's mouth.

By this time, Brian had caught his breath. He stood and presented his semi-erect cock to Gina's mouth a second time.

"Uh hey? I don't get any..." Gina protested.

Todd helped the girl to her feet, then eased her to sit on the couch. He then bent and took one of her small breasts into his mouth. She squeaked, then grabbed the handsome man's head in her hands.

Todd tongued her sensitive nubs of flesh for a moment. Then he made Gena squeal loudly when he bit down on the dark nipple. Todd brought his mouth to her other breast and suckled for a moment.

"Ugh! Damn," Gina complained when Todd bit down on that hard breast.

Then he kissed his way down her torso to her belly. Todd bit down on her belly button and Gina squealed, but not as loudly as when Todd had bit on her breasts.

Todd pulled Gina's thin legs, pulled her forward. She slumped down the cushion of the couch, her bony buttocks perched at the edge of the cushion.

"Ooh!" Gina encouraged as Todd's hot breath blew across her wet slit.

"Ooh!" she moaned when Todd looped her thin thighs over his broad shoulders.

Brian sat on the couch and stroked his cock, watching as their host spread Gina's legs. He watched Gina's pussy flower open.

Gina shuddered as Todd's tongue lapped her sensitive pussy lips. She grunted as Todd tried to force his tongue into her wet slit.

"Mmph!" Gina grunted as Todd's tongue tickled her clitoris.

Todd used his thumbs to pull Gina's plump pussy lips open. Then he drove two fingers into her pussy. Finding no resistance, he fingered her while licking and sucking at her pussy.

"Oh Jesus!" Gina screamed as an orgasm racked her small body.

Todd then rose up. Gina's legs remained around his shoulders, her small feet looped just behind his head.

Todd pressed the head of his throbbing cock to the mouth of Gina's pussy then slowly pushed in. Gina shuddered but did not stop him, so Todd continued to push himself into her tight, wet pussy.

Then he leaned over and took the head of Brian's hard cock into his mouth. Brian jerked with surprise.

For as long as he could remember, Todd had fantasized about sucking another man's cock. Once, in Mouton Park, the park next to the St. Elizabeth Parish Courthouse, Todd had jogged the three mile trail. Halfway around, a need to urinate had come upon him and he dashed into the men's' room.

A handsome young man was washing his hands as Todd stood at the urinal. The handsome young man smiled into the mirror, meeting Todd's eyes when Todd turned.

"Hey, suck your cock?" The young man asked in a quiet voice when Todd approached the sinks.

"I uh, yeah," Todd agreed, cock painfully hard, trapped in his sweaty jockstrap.

The two men quickly entered one of the stalls. The stranger sat on the commode, pulled his own cock out and began stroking it. He then reached out and pulled Todd's nylon shorts and jockstrap down to Todd's mid-thighs.

Todd watched the stranger's lips wrap around his hard cock, watched as the man's mouth descended down the length of Todd's throbbing meat. He watched as the young man stroked his own cock.

"Mm-hmm," Todd moaned as the man's hot, wet mouth sucked and stroked his cock.

"Mmph!" the stranger grunted and spewed his own semen into the toilet.

But he did not cease sucking Todd's hard cock. He hollowed his cheeks as he sucked hard.

"Mmph!" Todd grunted and began pumping a torrent of semen into the man's mouth.

The young man sucked and swallowed all Todd's spurting semen. Then he pulled his head back, releasing Todd's slowly deflating cock with a soft 'pop.'
