 A story of my adventure of being single. 

For Christmas I bought a trip to Mexico for me and the lady I was dating. I was planning on breaking up with her after we got back as things were not going well. In the meantime a lady friend (Krista) called me and told me she had a friend that wanted to go out with me. She sent me pictures of an attractive blonde. I had desires for Krista, as she looked like a young Jessica Simpson. But she was 26 years younger than me and engaged. I told Krista her friend was out of my league.

Krista said, "No she isn't. She is a lot like you. Lots of fun and adventurous. Heck if I was single I would date you."

That gave me new confidence. Plus this new lady (Mary) was 18 years younger than me. It was two weeks before Mexico. I figured if I went on just a dinner date it's not like I was cheating on Donna. Besides I was going to break up with her.

Next day I met Mary at a Mexican restaurant. She said she loved Mexican food. Hmmm that got my wheels turning in my brain. Wish it was her coming with me.

Mary looked a little different from the picture Krista showed me. Very pretty face. Blonde hair past her shoulders. Very large breasts. Later I found out she was an E cup. She was tall at 5'9". I am 5'10". She was a little big. Not fat but big boned with a little extra weight. Still very pleasing to the eye.

We had a great dinner. Full of laughs. I told Mary, "I am sure Krista told you that I am seeing someone. I will be breaking up with her when we get back from Mexico. Would you be interested in going out again when I come back?"

"I would love too. I have an opened bottle of wine back at my place. Would you like to follow me home and help finish it?"

I told her sure. As I was following her my cell phone rang. It was Donna. She started to bitch me out about how boring I am. Her snobby friends would look down on me. How she really doesn't want to go to Mexico as she is afraid we would be killed there.

I said, "You know what? Let's just end this now. I am tired of you always complaining. You call yourself a Christian yet everybody is beneath you. Just because you go to church doesn't make you a Christian. I will find someone else to go to Mexico." I then hung up on her.

I arrived at Mary's place and when she got out of her car I told her, "Well I am single. I just broke up with Donna on the phone."

She smiled, "Good I think we can have a lot of fun."

Mary brought me into her apartment and poured us each a glass of wine. She then gave me a tour of her place. In her bedroom she had a fancy king size bed. I commented, "Nice bed!"

"It takes 3 dates before you get under those covers!"

"Well we have had 2 dates so far. One at the restaurant, one here!"

Mary laughed and said, "Guess you are only one date away."

We sat on the couch and watched tv and talked about life. Then Mary set down her wine glass and said, "How come you haven't tried to kiss me?"

"I don't kiss on the first date. I am a respectful man."

"Remember, you said this is our second date."

"You are right." I set my wine glass down. I brushed her hair back from her face with the back of my hand. I slid my hand down to the middle of her back and pulled her to me and gently kissed her lips.

We exchanged soft gentle kisses. I liked how she felt in my arms. I held our kiss a little longer and her lips parted. My tongue entered her mouth slightly. Her tongue met mine. This brought on deeper kissing. After a bit I pulled back.

"I know this is only our so called second date. It might be too early but I have to ask. Would you be interested in going to Mexico with me?"

"Brian, I would love too. We would probably have a great time. But, I am a chaperone for my daughter's choir trip to Florida that week. I can't back out."

I was disappointed but understood. I told her I should probably get going. She walked me to her door and we had our good night kiss that seemed to go on forever. Her large breasts pressed against my chest was getting me worked up as I felt my cock starting to get hard.

I pressed my cock against her and she responded by grabbing my ass and pulling me tighter against her. My left hand traveled up her side and settled on her right breast. My god it felt good. I could feel her hard nipple through her bra and shirt. 

She was moaning while we kissed and grinding on my cock. I started to unbutton her shirt when she broke off our kiss.

"We have to stop. This feels too good, but I told you 3 dates before you see my bed."

"I understand, I respect you and I sure hope we have a lot more dates!"

I gave her a final kiss and left. I got on the elevator and took it to the first floor. I walked to the door leaving the building. I kept thinking how I was so lucky to find her. I wanted to kiss her a little more. I went back and got on the elevator.

I knocked on the door. I heard, "Just a minute." From the other side of the door.

When Mary opened the door she had on a white bathrobe. It was loosely tied and showed a lot of beautiful cleavage. 

"Did you forget something?"

"No, I am here for my 10:30 date. That makes date number 3!"

Laughing, "Get in here silly. Let me give you a proper kiss before I send you home."

She kissed me deeply and it didn't take long for me to start getting hard. I pressed my erection against her again. She responded as she did before pulling me into her. With the grinding on each other we were doing the loose tie on her robe had come undone. 

I slid my hands over her shoulders and pushed her robe off from her shoulders and it fell to the ground. She stood before me completely naked. 

I took in the site of her large breasts. My god they were huge and stood at attention. The defied gravity! Her nipples were a light pink. Areolas the size of a silver dollars. The areolas were wrinkled from excitement that formed into half inch nipple sticking out. Her pussy was shaved bare except for a small strip of blonde hair that was barely visible. 

Her breasts needed my attention. Before I could get started Mary looked down at the bulge in my pants and said, "I can tell you like what you see."

"I sure do." With that I lifted both of her breasts up and took one nipple into my mouth and flicked my tongue across it. I worked" both of her breasts with my mouth, tongue and hands. I wanted more.

I took her hand and led her to the couch and had her lean against the back of it. I kissed my way down her body until I got to her pussy. I could see she was already wet. Looking up at her I slid my finger across her lips. I could see her beautiful blue eyes looking down at me. I could feel the heat from her pussy on my finger. I parted her lips and slid two fingers in her. She was very wet and hot.

My tongue joined my fingers inside her love hole. I licked my way up to her clit that had popped out from its hood. When I sucked her clit into my mouth I saw her fingers dig into the back of the couch as she let out a loud "Oooooooohhh my god."

It wasn't more than 30 seconds before her body shook from her orgasm. She pulled me up to my feet and we kissed deeply sharing her love juices.

"I need you to fuck me. Let's go to my bedroom."

While she pulled down the covers I quickly undressed and got into bed next to her. She took a hold of my cock and said, "You have a very nice cock. I want you inside me now."

"Are you on birth control?"

"No. I had my tubes tide after my second child."

That is all I needed. I got on top of her in missionary and she guided me into her love tunnel. I was in heaven fucking her and watching those big boobs bounce with every stroke. I didn't want to cum to fast so I pulled out and held my cock in my hand and rubbed it against her clit. She really liked that. I could tell she was starting to get close so instead of just rubbing against her clit I stroked my cock while holding it against her clit. This got me closer to my orgasm as my balls started to pump. I entered back into her pussy and fucked her hard and fast. She came again. Four more strokes and I shot my hot cum deep inside her pussy.

I only laid on top of her for a few minutes before she said, "Get up here. I know you want to fuck my tits."

The thought had crossed my mind. I was half hard. I startled her chest as she took me into her mouth and nursed my cock back to full erection. She continued with an amazing blow job to the point I told her I was getting close.

I put my cock between those amazing globes. They were so big that just the tip of my cock would pop out as I tit fucked her. Occasionally she would lick the head as it popped out. A couple of hard thrust I my first stream of cum hit her in the face and across her eye. I pulled out between her tits and she finished me off aiming my next 3 streams onto her boobs. 

She has a great sense of humor as she started to laugh and said, "Oh my god, I am blind in my eye!"

She wiped the cum from her eye and face and took a tissue from her night stand and wiped her face and the cum from her hand. 

She looked down at her boobs and said, "That looks sexy." Then she lifted her breasts up and licked up some of my cum. 

"All right lover, you need to go. I have to be at work early tomorrow. 

I got dressed and she put on her robe. She walked me to the door and we shared a few more kisses before I left.

Next day I got a call from Krista. "Mary said she had a fun date."

I am thinking 3 dates! "Yes we had a great time."

"That's too bad she can't go to Mexico with you."

"She told you about that?"

"Yes she did. I have a thought on that. How about if I go with you?"

"Krista, I am confused. I thought you are engaged. Plus there is only one bed in the room."

"I am. But I can tell him I am going with friends. Mary even suggested I go with you knowing that we are just good friends."

"I suppose that would work. I will try to stay on my side of the bed."

"Brian, I told you I would date you if I was single. Mary told me everything about your date in detail. That just wants me to go to Mexico that much more with you. I am going to consider myself single that week."

Mary and I had a couple of dates. I wanted to be up front with her and told her Krista wants to go to Mexico with me. Mary was very easy going.

"You should take her. She needs to get away. Her fiancée has been a real ass to her for the last couple of month."

"You sure you don't mind? There is only one bed."

Laughing, "Yes, it is ok, have fun and we can get together when we return."

For $150 we got the tickets changed to Krista's name and we were on our way at 6 a.m. Friday morning. 

Within 20 minutes of the flight I was ready for a nap. We had to get up at 2 a.m. to get checked in. Krista was already half asleep. I got a blanket and put it over us and got comfortable. Krista moved the arm rest up and snuggled up against my chest. 

As I was dozing off I wondered what people were thinking seeing this gorgeous young blonde snuggling up to a much older man. Probably thinking, she found her Sugar Daddy. Not far from the truth.

We arrived in Mexico and an hour later found ourselves checking into the hotel. Once into the room we decided to hit the beach. Krista changed in the bathroom while I threw on a pair of swim trunks. She came out in a sexy black with gold trim one piece swim suit. I was hope for a bikini but she still looked great. 

She held my hand while we walked to the beach. We got plenty of looks. Not sure if it was because how beautiful she is or the apparent age gap.

We got our chairs and spent most of the day taking naps and having a few cocktails. The long flight caught up to us and we were tired.

When 4:00 p.m. hit we had enough sun for the first day and went back to the room. She decided to shower first. I could hear the water running and as I walked by the bathroom to get my clothes from the closet I saw she left the bathroom door part way open.

I could see her reflection in the mirror. The mirror was starting to steam up. What I could see was her back side with her long blonde wet hair running down her back stopping at the small of her back. Then was her firm ass with her new tan lines. Following down from her butt was long toned sexy legs. She turned slightly and I could see a few stretch marks from all her weight loss. But they were not bad. I could also see the side of her breast as they were milky white highlighted by her tan.

I could feel myself getting hard. I thought to myself, did she really mean we would be having sex? The only thing she has done is hold my hand walking to the beach.

The shower turned off and I quickly went out to the balcony so when Krista came out of the shower she wouldn't catch me with a bulge in my pants. "The shower is all yours."

We met as she was coming out of the bathroom. She only had a towel wrapped around her. I had everything I could do from not kissing her and gently release the towel from her body. Instead I went into the bathroom and closed the door behind me. I thought fool, you should have left it open a bit like she did.

I heard the hair drying go on and figured too late. It would look obvious if I opened the door now. Thinking of the nice view I had a bit ago I entered the shower. My cock responded to my thoughts. I needed a release so I thought about what I would do to her if she gave in to me. It only took a couple of minutes of me stroking my cock before I had a release. I finished my shower and put on my clothes I picked out and left the bathroom.

I walked out and Krista was wearing some red shorts and a white blouse that was sheer enough that I could make out her bra. The top had a V cut to it showing some nice cleavage. 

"You look very pretty." I said.

"Thanks, you look handsome as ever. What are the plans for tonight?"

"I thought we could walk the main street and find a place to eat then hit a couple of bars."

"Sounds good, I will be ready in two minutes."

We walked down the street and again she took my hand. Drawing stares from a few people. We found a nice place to eat. The food was good and the drinks were better. After that we followed our ears to a place playing music. 

After a couple more drinks we found ourselves on the dance floor having a great time. I was glad I brought her. Even though I was sure nothing sexual was going to happen it was nice to have someone with me. 

As the end of the night drew near and we were leaving the dance floor Krista turned me towards her and said, "Thanks for bringing me Brian" and planted a big kiss on my lips.

I blushed and was shocked. Yet I really liked it and wanted more. I didn't dare press my luck. I told her, "Krista, you are a lot of fun. You're every man's fantasy of a woman. I am glad you are here with me."

She slapped my ass and said, "Thanks for the compliment."

We walked back to our hotel room hand in hand. When we got to the room she used the bathroom first. After I was done in the bathroom I decided I might make a move and see how far I can get. I decided to enter the bedroom in my boxers. 

"Is that what you are wearing to bed?"

"That's all I brought to wear."

"Hmmm I don't like to wear anything."

With that comment she pulled back the covers exposing her entire body to me. I stood in awe taking in her beauty. My eyes went from head to toe. Starting with her big white smile. Her blonde hair going along her body and partially covering her breasts. Her breasts were between a B and a C cup. Her areolas were light brown that were highlighted by her white breasts and tan skin. She had a flat tummy as I said before a few stretch marks. Her legs were long, lean and tan from our first day of sun.

My cock quickly grew hard and the head of my cock was now sticking out of the bottom of my boxers as it wanted to be freed from it confines. 

Patting the bed Krista said, "Want don't you take those off and join me to see you are as good as Mary says."

I pulled down my shorts and my cock popped out at full attention. 

"Mmmmm fuck, yea that is what I am talking about. Mary is right so far."

"How much has she told you?"

"Plenty."

I got into bed and we started to kiss deeply right away. She wasted no time as her hand went to my cock and balls. I didn't wait either I started to cup and fondle her breasts and nibble on her hard nipples.

She rolled me onto my back and said, "It's time for me to start paying for my trip."

Krista moved down then gave my cock a couple of licks on the underside followed by a couple of swirls of her tongue around the head. Then I felt her take the head of my cock into her mouth. She moved down an inch or so then pulled it out of her mouth with a pop. She put it back in her mouth and took half of it in mouth. I could feel her sucking and twirling her tongue around me. Then out I came with a loud pop. 

"My god you have a nice thick big cock."

With that she took my cock deep into her throat. I looked down and could see her lips pressed against my pelvis. Holy fuck she took all 9" in one smooth move. It felt incredible to be deep in her wet, warm tight mouth. I could feel her saliva running down my balls then she gently massaged my balls rubbing her dripping spit all over them. She began to moan. The vibration of her moaning felt incredible. I wanted to cum but was not there yet.

It seemed like an eternity of bliss before she took my cock out of her mouth with another loud pop. She started to stroke my cock and talk to me dirty.

"Oh baby are you going to cum for me?" "Yes cum for me. You want to cum in my fucking mouth? Tell me where you want to cum."

"I want to cum in your hot fucking mouth."

She started to jerk my cock fast and hard. My balls started to boil and ache for release. As if on cue she took my cock deep and my first jet of hot cum shot down her throat. She started to pull out and the next load was in her mouth. She took me out of her mouth and she gave me a couple of strokes and I shot two loads of hot cum on her face.

"Yes baby cum on my face. I love it."

She took my cock back into her mouth and sucked every last drop out of me. I looked down at her cum spattered face and she took her fingers and wiped most of it up and put it in her mouth.

She moved up and kissed me deeply as I got a little hint of the flavor of my seed. I didn't mind she was that fucking hot.

"Wow, you are a dirty little girl!"

"This is just a tease. We have 9 more days for us to play. You can do whatever you want to me."

"Anything?"

"Yes."

"Well, I have never tried anal. Is that possible?"

"Of course. But let's do that tomorrow. Now I want you to eat my pussy like you did to Mary. Then we are going to fuck."

I went between her legs. Her pussy was completely bare and smooth. I figured she must be waxing. My first lick of her labia her body shuddered. I looked up at her as I continued to lick her. Her mouth was in a little O and those white breasts and hard nipples needed attention. I reached up with both hands and fondled her breasts as I licked the length of her wet pussy and ever so slightly teased her clit.

I brought one hand down and easily slid two fingers into her hot wet pussy. I started to gently lick and nibble on her clit while I rubbed her G spot. 

"Oh fuck, what are you doing to me!"

"You like?"

"Yes, don't stop."

I slid my ring finger into her pussy to get it lubed up. I took my ring finger out and started to enter her ass with it. She eagerly accepted it. This is where being able to multitask came handy. I sucked her clit into my mouth and switched back and forth to sucking on it and running my tongue across it. At the same time one hand was finger fucking her ass and rubbing her G spot and the other hand had a firm grip on her right breast. 

She ran her fingers through my hair then held me tight against her pussy. 
