 INTRODUCTION

Danielle Watkins was ecstatic as she had been selected for ballet school. Dani as she preferred to be called, had the perfect physique for a ballerina. She was 5'5" and weighed 120 pounds. She had long blonde hair that she wore in a single braid that reached down to her shoulder blades. She was small breasted as many ballerinas were but she had a well-toned 32-26-34 figure. He legs were strong as expected and her ass was magnificent. Sometimes she felt a bit self-conscious when wearing the snug leotards in practice. She knew that the other ballerinas and danseurs admired her tush.

Some of the other ballerinas also had shapely bottoms but Dani's was special. She was thrilled to be training under the direction of Ballet Master Maurice Grosjean and Ballet Mistress Marie Lamonte. They were both very accomplished and renowned in the field. They were also beautiful people and they were a couple. Dani did not know at the time but Maurice and Marie had had their way with many students. They were impressed with their new student and enamored with her derriere. 

The first few weeks, many hours were spent at the Barre and in Centre practice. They would eventually get into the movements but building fundamentals were essential. Dani admired the more experienced students as they glided through the ballet moves. The new students trained hard and they were at the studio for six to seven hours a day. They had sufficient breaks but the training was demanding. 

DANI'S DISCOVERY

One evening Dani had stayed longer than the others and showered after everyone had left. That day she was particularly turned on as both Marie and Maurice had touched her intimately several times. The first few times she thought that it was accidental when a hand brushed over her bottom but then it happened several more times. She knew they were enamored with her derriere. As she showered she touched herself and had a mild orgasm thinking about the beautiful people touching her. At 21 years of age she was not a virgin but she did not sleep around with just anyone. 

She was getting dressed and she heard moans coming from the studio. She finished dressing and then her curiosity got the better of her. She peeked in and she almost gasped out loud when she saw Maurice and Marie with Katarina, one of the advanced students. Katarina was holding onto the Barre bending over with Maurice behind her and Marie kneeling in front of her. Katarina was wearing a Tutu but her panties had been removed. Maurice's leotards were pushed down to his knees. 

Upon closer inspection, Dani could see the Ballet Master's impressive cock driving into Katarina's gorgeous ass. At the same time Marie was on her knees licking the student's pussy. Dani was amazed that Katarina could take such a big cock in her ass but by the way she was moaning, she was clearly enjoying it. Katrina screamed that she was cumming and Marie kept her mouth fastened to the Ballerina's pussy and drank down all the tasty juices. 

Maurice pulled out of the student's ass and shot his seed all over the lovely buttocks. Dani almost gasped aloud when she saw the massive discharge. She was shocked when he put his cock back into the dilated anus and fucked her for a short while longer. Katarina released the Barre and dropped to the floor. Marie guided the young girl's face to her pussy and Dani then realized the Ballet Mistress was naked from the waist down. 

Katarina did a good job eating pussy as she had Marie cumming in short order. Then she moved up and the two women embraced and kissed. They stayed together for several minutes and then separated. Dani ducked back into the locker room and acted as if she was just finishing getting dressed. Katarina entered the locker room carrying her panties and she was surprised to see Dani.

"I didn't know anyone was still here."

"Oh, I stayed later to work on some drills and then showered and I just finished dressing. Have a good evening."

"Thank you, you too," Katarina replied looking suspiciously at the new student. 

Dani left the locker room, on her way out she was noticed by Marie and Maurice. They exchanged greetings and Dani made her way home. On the way she could not get the image of the threesome out of her mind. Her pussy was moist and her panties were damp when she arrived at her parent's house. She went right to her room and masturbated. She had a date that weekend but she was so turned on she could not wait until then for sex. 

Back at the studio, Marie spoke to Maurice, "Success, I saw Dani in the mirror. She watched us until we all came." 

FRIDAY NIGHT PERFORMANCE AND AFTER PARTY

The rest of the week for the new students was drills and for the advanced students in was preparation for a Friday night performance. It was as if nothing out of the ordinary had occurred and Dani wondered if she would ever witness anything like that again. The new students were invited to the performance and they could watch their colleagues. Dani admired Katarina as she was beautiful and graceful. She floated around the stage as if she was on air. It was hard to believe that just four days earlier, that beautiful girl had a big cock in her ass and was eating pussy.

The after party was at Maurice's and Marie's home. At Maurice's insistence, everyone was to remain in their ballet attire. Champagne was served along with appetizers and soon everyone was relaxed. Dani watched as the ballerinas in their Tutus were openly fondled by the danseurs and other ballerinas. Dani got the sense that there were gay, lesbian and bisexuals in the troupe. A few times a hand found its way under her miniskirt and cupped a buttock. She was getting turned on and the champagne had gone to her head.

She was getting nervous and she decided to leave before things got out of hand. Just as she started to leave, one of the danseurs, Alberto, put his arm around her waist. His grip was strong and she wasn't going anywhere. 

"Come with me Dani, I want to show you something."

"I was just going to leave."

"This will only take a minute. Come with me."

His grip around her tightened and she didn't resist. He held her close to him as he led her out of the main room down the hallway. They entered a room that was dimly lit but there was enough light to see that it was a bedroom. Alberto's hand caressed her bare shoulder sending shivers through her. Her pussy was wet and hot with desire. When her eyes adjusted to the dimly lit room she saw that there was another couple in the room. They were naked and she was kneeling on the bed and the guy was fucking her from behind. Dani watched as the guy thrust into her causing her to moan aloud.

She turned to leave but Alberto held her firmly and spoke softly. "Relax Dani, it's not like they are doing anything that we won't be doing."

Alberto closed the door behind them and she turned back toward the couple on the bed. She was able to make out their faces and saw that it was Katarina and another danseur Stephan. Before she could utter another sound, Alberto turned her toward him and kissed her. Her lips instinctively opened and his tongue found hers. He held her tighter as their kisses became more urgent and her body was shaking. He took her hand and pushed it down over his crotch so she could feel his hardness through the leotards. He felt huge and she suddenly had the desire to hold his cock in her hand. Her heart was pounding and her pussy lips were swollen.

Alberto sensing her submission pushed her to her knees. She stared in anticipation as Alberto pushed his leotards to his knees. His huge cock leaped out and bobbed in front of her face. He brought his hard cock to her face and it entered her mouth. She sucked him in deeply at least as deep as she could without gagging.

"That's it Dani suck my cock. I knew you would be a good cock sucker. I bet your boyfriend loves it when you suck him until he cums in your sweet mouth." 

She sensed he was close to cumming but then he pulled out and maneuvered her onto the bed where Katarina and Stephan had fucked earlier. She continued to suck Alberto's cock and then she licked his balls and ran her tongue over his perineum. He moaned loudly and just then she felt someone's hands under her skirt. The skirt was pushed up and she wondered if it was Stephan getting ready to fuck her. 

"Take her panties off, Katarina," Alberto directed.

She had her answer as to whose hands were on her legs and panty covered bottom. Katarina pulled the panties off and found them wet with the odor of sex. Suddenly Alberto grabbed the back of her head and ejaculated into her mouth. The hot jets of cum flooded her mouth and covered her hand which she licked clean. Katarina removed her skirt and peeled off her hose. Someone else undid her blouse and it was removed from her body. Totally naked now, Alberto lifted her up onto the bed and moved between her legs. He too was now completely naked. She was so aroused and so much in need of a cock in her pussy. She spread her legs for him and he entered her with one deep stroke. 

She came as he penetrated her wet pussy and her cunt contracted around his big thick shaft. Wave after wave of pleasure rushed through her body and then she screamed loudly as an orgasm of massive proportion ripped through her. Dani wrapped her legs around Alberto's torso as he pounded her with rapid movements in and out of her dripping wet pussy. She knew that she would cum again before he did.

Her eyes were closed as she rode into heaven on the big dick then she felt lips cover hers. She knew they were not Alberto's lips so she opened my eyes to see Katarina kissing her. Her soft warm hands moved to the tiny breasts and she pulled on the hardening nipples as soft wet kisses caressed her mouth. Alberto suddenly thrust into her and his cock pulsated as it filled her womb with his seed in an ejaculation that was long and deep.

Alberto pulled out of her and moved to her head with his softening cock before her. He stroked Dani's silky blonde hair as Katarina moved to the pussy. Dani's legs were still spread wide from the vigorous fucking and Katarina had easy access to the pussy. Hands caressed her hip and belly as a tongue wormed its way into her vagina. Katarina found the seed that she desired to taste and suck from Dani's swollen pussy. Dani couldn't control her body and her hips rocked back and forth as if she could cum again. Katarina kept her active tongue against the clit while her hands caressed the ass and her fingers danced over the nether hole.

Alberto laughed at her when she stretched her neck and tried to reach his cock with her mouth, "Katarina, roll her over. We need to get her ass ready to be fucked."

Katarina left Dani's pussy to roll her over on her belly and she complied as if she was under some type of spell. Katarina's hair caressed the skin as her tongue and kisses moved down the small of the back to the crack of Dani's ass and settled there. The tip of her tongue quickly located the anus which she rimmed and teased before penetrating it. She would run her tongue the length from Dani's clit to her anus and probe her each time. It was as if she was lubricating her tongue with the juices from Dani's pussy.

Dani's head had been hanging down but she raised it to cry out when Katarina drove her tongue deep into the nether hole. She saw Stephan standing before her with his erect cock standing out from his blonde pubic hair. Without any hesitation she opened her mouth tasting him as well as Katarina's juices still present on his cock. 

As she sucked him deep she heard Alberto say, "Get him hard and wet Dani so he can fuck your sweet cute ass. You want to be fucked in the ass, don't you?"

She was out of control and she would be giving up her ass to a stranger but she felt that she needed a cock in there more than ever. Her reaction was to push her ass back to receive Katarina's hot tongue. Stephan then pulled his wet cock from her mouth and moved behind her as Katarina made one final plunge with her tongue into the anus. Dani's head hung low as she waited for the inevitable anal deflowering as she sensed Stephan's presence kneeling behind her.

She felt Katarina's tongue again and she looked between her legs. The ballerina alternated between licking Dani's anus and sucking her lover's cock. Dani watched as she guided the wet hard cock toward her ass and then she felt him at the entrance. Katarina held him as he inched into Dani who held her breath as he slowly entered her. He felt so big and she had no idea how much cock he had in her rectum. Katarina moved under Dani and licked her pussy as Stephan's cock sank ever so slowly into her ass.

Dani didn't think that it was possible to cum again but cum she did as Katarina licked her clit and Stephan thrust into her ass. He must have been all the way in because he began thrusting harder and faster. The ass had loosened up to receive him and Dani screamed aloud as a massive orgasm rocked her body and she flooded Katarina's face. Alberto had moved in front again and brought his cock back to her mouth. She sucked his big cock while he watched her virgin ass being fucked. 

The intensity of her orgasm caused her ass to tighten around the rigid cock bringing Stephan to his orgasm. He held her hips as he ejaculated into her bowels. She felt his cock shooting stream after stream into her as his cock pulsated and filled her rectum. Stephan had also cried out and announced that he was cumming. Dani was spent and she collapsed on the bed hoping that her ordeal was over. Seemingly alone, she rested for a few minutes before she realized that someone else had joined her on the bed.

She looked to see who it was and she saw Maurice naked on his knees. His cock was semi-erect and even in that state it looked huge. Katarina moved toward him and her beautiful naked body flowed as she took his cock into her mouth. Dani watched as she took as much as she could down her throat and Maurice held her hair back so they could watch. Maurice's cock was so large and thick when fully erect that Katarina was only able to get half into her mouth. Katarina was overcome with desire and her sluty mouth ran up and down the length of the shaft stopping at the top to take the head back in. Maurice was uncut and Katarina enjoyed playing with foreskin and causing it to recede each time.

Alberto was back beside her stroking her hair and he spoke softly again, "Oh my beautiful Dani, who would have guessed you to be such a good fuck. Does your boyfriend know this side of you, what a slut you are?"

Alberto continued stroking her hair and his hand moved toward her pussy. His long thick fingers entered her and he diddled her clit with his thumb. She responded by pushing her hips up to receive his fingers and her mouth searched for his cock again.

"Ah Dani, I can see that you still need more. The way your pussy is clenching my fingers am I right?" he asked.

Her hips thrust against his hand and she realized that he was right. She did need more and she desperately wanted a cock in her pussy. She could not believe her own voice when she said, "Yes, I need a hard cock in me, please someone fuck me."

Maurice freed his cock from Katarina's mouth and he hovered over Dani. She was incredibly turned on by the sight of her Ballet Master with his huge cock. His strong hands lifted her toward him and her legs splayed open to receive him. He paused between her legs and grinned at her as he positioned his cock at the entrance to her cunt. She stared at the imposing cock and wondered how it would ever fit inside her. She had never taken a cock that size but Maurice was gentle as he slowly pushed into her. She was so full and he was stretching her pussy to new limits. My God, how did Katarina ever take it in her ass?

She sensed that Maurice had fucked enough students that he knew to be gentle and caring but as her orgasm started he began fucking her in earnest. He grunted as he thrust into her over and over as she seemed to have a continuous string of orgasms. Dani didn't think that she would ever stop cumming. She was delirious from her climax and then Maurice rolled to his back keeping his cock buried in her cunt. She loved his big cock filling her and she needed so badly to keep cumming. She started to ride his cock in front of Alberto, Katarina, Stephan and even Marie who was now in the room. It was just pure fucking for the insatiable Dani in front of everyone. 

Alberto moved behind her and positioned his rock-hard cock at the entrance to her recently fucked ass. He eased into her and it was obvious that he was using some type of lubricant. Her ass opened up and he entered her without any resistance and commenced fucking her. It did not take long for Alberto and Maurice to establish a rhythm and they matched her pelvic movements. She had never been so full and she felt like a shameless slut being used for everyone's pleasure. Yet she started to cum again and screamed loudly for everyone to hear that she was cumming. 

Her body went into convulsions and then she felt both of them cum in her filling both her ass and pussy. Maurice came first and flooded her womb and she could not remember ever having that much sperm in her. Alberto filled her rectum and both men remained still as if they were savoring the pillage of her body. Alberto moved off of her and she felt the cool air of the room caress her dilated anus. Then Maurice rolled to his side and her cunt felt a huge void when his massive of cock left her. As Dani lay on the bed with her holes full of sperm she was unable to move. She sensed that everyone was leaving the room and then she fell asleep.

SATURDAY MORNING AT MARIE'S HOUSE

On Saturday morning Dani lay in the bed of the guest bedroom at Marie's house. She woke up slowly with a tingling in her pussy. She was dreaming that Katarina was between her legs licking her pussy. When she opened her eyes, she was stunned to see that it was Marie between her spread thighs. The wonderful tongue was slipping up and down Dani's wet pussy. She started to protest but Marie consoled her.

"I couldn't resist you any longer now just lay back and enjoy your wakeup call. You were quite the hit last night."

Dani reached down and stroked Marie's soft lovely hair. She was confused but it felt so good that she allowed the Ballet Mistress to continue. Marie's long brown hair concealed her face so Dani moved it aside so she could watch. Marie's fingers moved to Dani's pussy and spread her lips open. She cried out as Marie touched her pussy with her tongue and licked up and down slowly. Dani loved having her pussy licked and she wondered for a moment why she had never imagined a woman doing it to her before last night. 

A wonderful slippery tongue, slid up and down the spread pussy. Marie slid her tongue into her core and she moaned aloud as her tongue slid in and probed. Marie moved her fingers upward and pulled outward and upward as her tongue flicked against the now exposed clit causing her to cry out in passion. It sent a jolt of joy through the student's whole body.

What Marie did to her for the next eternity was something Dani never dreamed a woman could do to her. Her body exploded again and again. Marie's tongue flicked her clit and her lips sucked and pulled on the nubbin, sending uncontrolled joy and passion through the pretty blonde again and again. Dani didn't know how many times she came. It was an experience she would never forget. Finally, Dani could stand it no more and pushed Marie away before she could start again. She lay weak as a kitten.

She was gasping for air when Marie moved up beside her and kissed her face softly. She tasted her pussy juice all over Marie's face. She pulled Marie to her and licked her face, tasting her own juices. Dani wanted her Ballet Mistress to know how she felt and how she loved Marie for kissing her so deeply and so intimately.
