 Dinner and Dessert

Patti had dinner in the oven and some music on the stereo as she stood washing dishes. Ted stood in the doorway watching her. She didn't even know he was there. He quietly walked up behind her and rubbed her ass. 

"Shit!" she said as she turned around with a start. "You scared me." she said as soapy water dripped onto the floor.

"I'm sorry hon' didn't mean to scare you." he said as he bent down and kissed her. "Forgive me?"

"Of course I forgive you." she said as she grabbed a dish towel and dried her hands. 

Ted bent down and kissed her neck and nibbled his way to her ear lobe, knowing that it drove her crazy. "Mm-mm, you smell good honey." he said noticing she was wearing the perfume he had given her as a "Just because." gift.

She put her arms around him and he pulled her closer to him. She did love when he got in these kinds of moods. "Yeah, I like that." she whispered as he continued to lick and suck gently on her ear lobe.

"How are the Girls?" he asked as he pulled her tee-shirt up to expose her tits. He saw that she was wearing that white lacy bra that he liked to see her in. 

"The girls miss you." she said as she felt him pulling the cups of her bra down. He bent down and took her right nipple into his mouth and sucked on it. "Hm-mm, yes." she said as he continued to suck her nipple, caressing her other tit at the same time.

"Yummy." he said as he gently bit her nipple. He knew just how to get her going. She wondered what he was up too. He flicked his tongue across her nipple, sending tingly sensations through her.

"Um-mm." she moaned putting her hands in his hair, she knew he liked this. "Yes." she said as he continued to suck her nipple, going from one to the other. 

He stood up and looked down at her and kissed her as he reached under her dress. "Hm-mm...pussy." he said as he felt her silky panties covering her naked pussy.

Patti pushed her pussy against his hand, wanting to feel him fingering her. "Ohhh." she moaned as he pushed aside the silk material and rubbed her slit. "Do it." she moaned as she reached for his belt. Patti managed to reach between them and unbuckled his belt and then unbuttoned and unzipped his jeans. She reached in and stroked his hardening cock.

"Is some little lady horny?" he asked liking the way she was touching him.

"Always." she said as she felt him gently rubbing his finger into her pussy, opening her pussy lips.

"Mm-mm." he said as he reached up and pulled her panties down until they slid down to the floor. He had just wanted to tease her, but she was getting wet and he was getting hard. He pushed two of his fingers into her mouth, she sucked on them, getting them wet. Pulling his fingers out of her mouth he reached under her dress and rubbed her slit. He gently pushed his fingers inside of her, feeling how tight she was.

Patti reached up and held onto his shoulders as she felt his fingers inside of her, "Fuck." she groaned as he started to finger her. "I want your cock." she tells him as he fucks her with his fingers.

"Sss-hhh, this is for you." he tells her wanting to bring her off, make her climax. He was getting horny too but he wanted to give her pleasure now. He would get his later. "Such a sweet, tight pussy you have baby girl." he said as he rubbed across her clit with his thumb. She gasped and tensed up when he did that. He could feel her pussy getting wetter and wetter the more he fingered her slit.

Pulling his hand away he pushed his fingers into her mouth. He wanted her to taste her juices.

"Hm-mm..." she moaned as she sucked her pussy juice, he took his fingers away from her mouth and slid them back inside of her deeper this time. Patti spread her legs wider so he could get even deeper inside of her. "Do it, fuck me." she said looking at him. 

Ted bent down and kissed her hungrily as he started to ram her pussy with his fingers. "Cum for me babe." he told her as he continued to finger her. He knew this was getting her super turned on. They didn't usually go for quickies but he wanted her to cum for him, all over his hand. He wanted to feel her juices pour out of her.

Patti was backed up to the sink, he was pounding into her pussy. Fingering her hard and deep just the way she loved it. She reached up and pinched and tugged on her hard nipples. "Make your whore cum." she said as if it were a challenge.

Ted took it as a challenge, slamming her pussy as hard and as deep as he could. She was getting soaked, he could feel her juices all over his hand. He could hear the wet sounds of her slit as he fucked her. He wanted to sink his rock hard dick into her pussy and fuck her. He decided to hold off and see what developed tonight with their company.

"Yes,yes,yes." she moaned as he hit the right spot to make her cum. "You're gonna make your little slut cum." she said as she held onto him tightly. "Harder! Give it to me baby, fuck that pussy."

Ted could feel her pussy tightening around his fingers, he bent down and took her right nipple back into his mouth and he sucked it, biting her. She was breathing harder, her heart was pounding, God it felt so good.

Patti fucked his hand as he added a third finger inside of her, she loved this. She was moaning and trying to keep her balance as he pounded her. 

He looked her in the eyes, he knew it wasn't going to be long. "Cum for me, cum for your lover man." he said as he felt her whole body tense up, she held on to his arms as she suddenly started to climax.

"Fuck,yes,yes, I'm cumming..." she said loudly as her climax just got stronger and stronger.

Ted kept on pounding her feeling her tight pussy around his fingers, feeling her pussy squirt all over his hand. "That's it baby cum, cum for me." he encouraged her as she held onto him, putting her head on his shoulder as she came.

Breathing heavily Patti held onto him as she felt small burst's of pleasure as he slowed down fingering her. "Oh my God." she panted trying to catch her breath. "That was fantastic honey."

He pulled his hand away from her and licked his fingers. "Mm-mm." he said as he bent down and kissed her again. "I just wanted to please you." he told her pulling her to his chest.

"You did honey." she said as she kissed him. She reached down and pulled her panties back up her legs and pulled down her dress. "I guess I'd better finish getting dinner ready." she said putting herself back together, and washing her hands.

"Remember that guy I told you about that I went to school with in Virginia." he said as his zipped pants back up and washed his hands.

"Yeah, I remember." she said as she went and checked the Pork Roast in the oven.

"Well, Adam is in town for meetings this week and since it's Friday night I invited him for dinner." He said as he checked what was in the pots on the stove. "Is that okay honey?"

"Sure, we have plenty." she said, "I'd like to meet him." she said as she took plates and glasses out and set them on the counter.

"You go and make yourself pretty for me and I'll keep an eye on dinner baby." he told her as he patted her ass.

"Yes sir!" she replied with a giggle, "be back in a few."

"Hey! Do that again." he said as she started to walk out of the kitchen

"Do what?" she said turning back to look at him.

"Walk away like that, I like to watch." 

"You're so silly." she said with a laugh and she went upstairs.

Ted kept an eye on dinner and set the table for three, he was hoping for a fun night of sex and perhaps a threesome. He would love to watch Patti sucking Adam's cock and maybe Adam fucking her.

He did love to watch her enjoy herself, and then join in. Watching her taking a cock in her mouth, hearing her moaning. 

"How do I look?" Patti asked as she walked back into the kitchen twenty minutes later. She was wearing a Halter-Top dress, and Sandals. Her hair was loose and flowing down her back. Most of the time she wore it in a pony tail around the house. He did love to play with her long hair, grabbing her by her hair when they made love.

"Very nice Baby Girl. Is that a new dress?" he asked walking over to her. "Hm-mm, no bra I like that." he said. The halter-top just held her tits, he could already see her nipples through the thin material.

"You like?" she said as she turned around in front of him.

"Yes, very much. Panties?" He asked as he caressed her ass.

"You'll see." she said as the door bell rang. "You get the door and I'll put dinner on the table."

"Alright, you do look good enough to eat." he said as he gave her ass one last squeeze.

"I'm sure you'll take care of that." she said . "Go answer the door."

"You got it," he replied with a wink, "be right back."

Adam at first thought he had the wrong house when Ted opened the front door. "Hey!" Adam exclaimed, "I thought I was at the wrong house at first." 

"Nope this is it." Ted said as Adam stepped into the front hall. "Make yourself at home." he told Adam leading him into the living room. "Can I get you something to drink?"

"Sure, Sprite if you have it." Adam said looking around the room. The sure did have a nice place. He sat on the sofa and made himself comfortable. 

"Be right back." Ted said walking toward the kitchen. "Hon' do we have any Sprite?" he said looking in the fridge for cold drinks.

"We've got Pepsi and Mountain Dew." she said "Everything is on the table."

Ted made them all drinks and put them on a small tray. "I know you're going to like him." 

"I'm sure I will honey." she said as she followed him back into the living room.

"Here you go, we didn't have Sprite, hope Mountain Dew is okay?" Ted said sitting the tray on the coffee table.

"Yep fine." Adam said as Patti walked in behind Ted. Adam thought it was very nice of Ted to invite him over for dinner and a relaxing evening. He got so tired of hotel rooms and eating out. It was nice to get a home cooked meal once in awhile.

"Adam this is my wife Patti." Ted said as he introduced them.

"Hello" Adam said as he stood to shake Patti's hand. "Nice to meet you."

"Hi, nice to meet you too." she said as she sat down on the love seat. "So you guys went to college together?" she asked, wondering if he would like to play with them later. It never hurt to find out.

"Yeah, college was great." Adam said remembering all the fun they had had back then. "Ted here liked to study."

"And you liked to chase the girls buddy." Ted said with a laugh. "I'm surprised you even graduated."

"But I did graduate, it didn't hurt that the deans daughter was my girlfriend." Adam said with a laugh.

"Well, yeah that probably did help some." Ted said as Patti stood up.

"I hope you both are hungry?" she said picking up her glass, "Dinner is on the table, lets eat while it's hot."

They went into the dining room and had a great meal, Adam told stories of his and Ted's college days. They laughed and had a good time. Ted did notice the way Adam kept looking at Patti wearing that halter-dress. It's not like he could miss the fact that she wasn't wearing a bra.

He realized Ted and Patti were married but he couldn't help but have thoughts of playing around with her.

Patti bent over in front of Adam, making sure he could see her tits, as she reached across the table and picked up a bowl. Ted knew exactly what she was doing. He had wondered what had taken her so long. 

Adam couldn't help but notice her tits, small and perfect with hard nipples. He tried to look away, he sure didn't want to be lusting after his friend's Wife. 

Ted stood up. "Dinner was great hon', I think we'll go into the "Playroom" and I'll find a DVD to put in." he said.

"Okay, find a good one." she said, walking away she had an idea what kind of DVD he would put in. 

"Follow me..." Ted said as he led Adam downstairs. "Welcome to our "Playroom", we spend a lot of time down here." Adam liked this room, but he did wonder why there were two Queen sized beds down there. "Make yourself comfortable..." Ted said as he went and put a DVD into the player and went and grabbed a couple of drinks out of the fridge.

"This is a nice place you have here." Adam said as he sat on the sofa. He would love to be in a relationship right now. His last girlfriend had dumped him for a woman. But he was getting over that heartbreak, what ever made her happy was okay with him. He had to admit he did like to watch Gay porn, guys sucking and jacking each other off. He had tried sucking a guy once and he liked it.

"I think you'll like this." Ted said as he went and sat on the sofa and grabbed the DVD remote and hit play. Ted knew exactly which DVD he had put in. He hoped Adam would want to continue to watch. Ted was so glad they had bought the 60 inch big screen tv.

Adam watched the screen and suddenly there was Patti, naked on her knees in front of a man sucking his cock. "Um, Ted that's..." he stammered he said as he tried to look away. He couldn't help but keep watching.

"Shit! I put in the wrong one." Ted said as he stood up to go and change it. He watched as she sucked that cock like a Pro. "Damn, she loves cock." he said noticing Adam couldn't take his eyes off of the screen.

"Yeah, looks like she does." Adam said, feeling a bit embarrassed. Patti was sucking and taking that cock deep, slurping on it.

"She gives the best head I have ever had." Ted explained, "Suck that cock baby." he said as she took that man's cock as far down her throat as she could.

"Fuck." Adam said rubbing his crotch.

"I can change this." Ted said knowing Adam was getting into this now.

"She won't get mad because we're watching this?" Adam asked.

"Hell no, it was her idea to start filming our little adventures." Ted said sitting back down.

"She's not shy is she?" Adam asked as he continued to watch her suck that dick.

"Nope, she loves cock, sucking and fucking and pussy too." Ted explained, taking a chance he continued. "We both like to play with men and women. Nothing better than to sit down here and watch porn and then have some hot play times."

"You both like men?" Adam asked as he felt his cock start to harden.

"Yes, but promise you won't let that get out, about me liking men." Ted said not wanting but select people to know.

"Oh no of course not...I like men myself." Adam admitted thinking back to their days in college.

He had always wanted to suck Ted's cock, but never got the nerve to make a move. Maybe tonight was the night.

They continued to watch Patti give their neighbor Jack a blow job, she was taking his cock deep.

Spit dripping out of her mouth, Adam could hear Ted and a woman in the background encourage Patti.

"Oh yeah, suck his cock." a woman said as Patti pulled away from Jack's cock and licked the head, sucking on it.

"She does seem to enjoy it doesn't she?" Adam asked rubbing his crotch. He glanced over and noticed Ted was doing the same thing.

"Oh yes, she is one horny lady, 24/7."

"How did you two meet?"

"We met through a personal ad back in 1982." Ted explained as he continued to watch Patti suck Jack's cock. He remembered that night, one of the best times they had with Jack and Kate. After Jack and Kate had went home he and Patti had went to bed and had one of the best love making sessions in a very long time. Ted noticed how intently Adam was watching the video, he watched Adam rubbing his cock. He and Adam had shared a dorm room and he had seen Adam a few times naked after getting out of the shower. Ted had wanted to suck him off then, but just didn't even try. Now he wished he had.

"Oh here you guys are!" Patti said as she walked down the stairs, "I was wondering where you had went too." she said as she noticed the video on the screen. "Damn, that was a great night." she said as she went over and sat next to Ted. Reaching over she rubbed his cock through his jeans.

Adam noticed her stroking Ted's dick, he couldn't take his eyes off of the TV screen. Patti had Jack's cock deep in her mouth as she moaned and fucked his cock with her mouth. He would love to feel her mouth on his cock.

"Let's untie this. " Ted said as he reached behind her and untied the strings holding her dress up. 

Ted took the top of her dress and pulled it down to her waist. Her tits were bare and her nipples were hard. Bending down he took her right nipple into his mouth, sucking on it.

Adam just sat and watched, Patti leaned her head onto the back of the sofa. She was in between the two of them. Adam felt a bit embarrassed. 

"Mm-mm, yeah, you're more than welcome to join in Adam." Patti told him as she felt Ted gently bite down on her nipple. 

Adam shyly reached for her left tit and rubbed it, teasing her nipple with his fingers. "I think I just got lucky." he thought to himself as he continued to touch her.

Patti reached under her dress and rubbed her silk covered pussy. The love making in the kitchen earlier was great but she wanted, no needed cock. She needed to feel her mouth and pussy getting filled with hard cock.

"Strip." Ted told her pulling away from her. He watched as Adam played with her nipple. She stood and slipped out of her shoes, she pulled her dress off over her head and threw it onto the coffee table.

She stood there in silk panties and nothing else. She reached up and pinched her hardening nipples, licking her lips. She wanted to suck Adam's cock, feel it in her mouth.

"She gives the BEST blow jobs." Ted said, "Suck him off now." 

"Uh, are you sure this is okay?" Adam asked not wanting to be a problem.

"Oh yes very sure, we swap and play with other people all of the time." Ted explained as Patti took Adam by the hand and pulled him to his feet. "We have an agreement it's not cheating if we're in the same room when it happens, we're just having some fun."

Patti stood in front of Adam, reached down and stroked his hard cock through his jeans.

"I'm going to suck your cock." she told him as she reached for his belt. She slowly unzipped and unbuttoned his jeans. Ted went and made sure he was getting this on camera.

"You don't mind if I film this do you?" he asked Adam, making sure Adam was okay with it.

"No, no not at all." he said as Patti pulled his jeans and undies down. Shit, she was really going to suck his cock and in front of her husband.

Adam had a pretty good sized cock, she was stroking him feeling him getting even harder.

"On your knees baby girl." Ted told her as he zoomed in with the camera. 

She went to her knees and reached up and stroked Adam's cock some more. She was going to enjoy sucking his cock.

"Show him how good you give head baby." Ted said as he zoomed in so he could get closeups of the action.

"My pleasure." She said as she licked his balls, flicking her tongue all over them.

"Hmmm." Adam groaned as he felt her tongue on his balls. He always did like to get his dick sucked. He looked over and Ted was stroking his hard cock,Adam hoped he would get to suck Ted's cock too.

"Yeah baby, take his balls into your mouth." Ted told her, Patti turned to look at the camera as she slowly took his balls into her wet mouth. Gently sucking on them one at a time as she stroked his dick. "Show Adam what a slut you are honey." Ted told her as he walked over to them. Ted stood there stroking his cock as he watched his wife suck his friend. "Yeah baby suck his dick."

"Mmmm" she moaned around the balls in her mouth, licking and making them so wet. She continued like this for several minutes finally licking her way to his cock. She nibbled his cock finally taking the head into her mouth. 

Ted just had to have a taste of Adam's cock, he might not suck him to climax he just wanted a taste.

"She is good." Adam said as he watched Ted go to his knees in front of him.

"I told you she was good, she's the best. She is my own personal Wife-Shut." Ted said as he reached for Adam's hard cock. 
