 NOTE: This is a continuation of Unexpected Find. Read that one first to get the background on what's going on. Enjoy.

*****

Four months later Art lie on the bed lightly stroking Cathy's smooth skin and occasionally running his hands over her perpetually hard nipples. He couldn't believe how lucky he felt at that moment. Glancing up at her face, she seemed deep in thought.

"What are you thinking Cathy?"

Cathy glanced over and smiled, "I was just considering something." Art waited for her to continue. "I think maybe it's time for me to let Gio and Shelly ... you know, fuck. Invite her over to our place for a party."

"I think he'd like that," Art replied. "I know I've enjoyed it."

"Who would like what?" Shelly asked as she came towards the bed from the bathroom, jumped onto the bed, and climbed up next to Art. She rubbed her small breasts against Art's arm and ran her fingers over his chest. "What were you guys talking about?"

Art looked to Cathy. That was for her to answer. She shrugged in response to Shelly's question. "Not too much. I was just thinking that I should invite you over to our place sometime soon."

"Sure, when?"

"You didn't let me finish. Invite you over to fuck Gio."

"Oh," Shelly responded raising her eyebrows in surprise. "Are you sure Cathy? You've never been ready for that before."

"I know. But sometimes I feel like I'm leaving him out of the party when we go out together."

"Well, you know I'm up for Cathy. It's up to you."

Cathy pondered for a second, and then looked at Art who had been listening intently to the conversation ... and feeling some stirrings between his legs as Shelly's hand had traveled down to his pubic hair. Cathy allowed her gaze to travel down Shelly's arm to Art's slowly growing penis. 

"Ready again so soon Art?" she asked mischievously. 

"Always, with you two," he replied with a smile.

"Maybe you should come over too. Yes," she continued, "that sounds like a good idea to me. Why don't we make it a party for the four of us - sort of an anniversary for us all. Do you think Lynn would mind you coming over to our place?"

"I think I can work something out," he replied. Looking at Shelly, he asked, "What about Larry?"

"I've gone into town and stayed with Cathy and Gio before. It shouldn't be a problem this time either."

Cathy answered happily, "That's great. Shit, I'm getting excited just thinking about it. Gio's been hinting at this more and more lately now that he knows the two of us have done a few duos with clients."

"Oh," Art spoke up, "so you've done this with other guys and not just me?"

Cathy grinned, "Well, yes. You were the first of course. But the duo pictures on our websites have gathered a lot of interest."

"I know they've held my interest," Art answered with a smile.

"I bet. I bet you jack off to them all the time."

With an embarrassed shrug he replied, "Well ... I have."

"That's fine with me. What about you Shelly?"

"OK with me. I'd be worried if you didn't jack off to some of those pictures. They were fucking hot. Always gets me wet thinking about them and reliving them."

"Oh really?" Art replied and ran his fingers down between her legs. She moved her legs apart letting him feel her pussy. "Yes, I guess it does." He could feel her wetness; though it could have been the vestiges of the cum he had filled her with a few minutes earlier.

As Art rubbed Shelly's pussy, Cathy slid down the bed and held Art's cock in her hand right next to her mouth. She stroked it slowly. Art could feel the blood entering it as it grew larger and larger. "And maybe," Cathy spoke, "after Gio fucks Shelly and you fuck me in the same bed, I'm going to have him fuck my ass ... while you're fucking my cunt. I've never done that before. I can't imagine how good that would feel. His cock up my ass and yours deep in my pussy. Fuck, I can't wait..." 

With that thought in her mind, her mouth opened and she engulfed Art's cock and moaned deeply. Meanwhile Shelly and Art's tongues met in a duel as they thought of the possibilities that Cathy was talking about. They couldn't wait either.

Later that week the party was set. Art pulled up to Gio and Cathy's place and parked in front. It was a hot August afternoon and the sun was beating down. As he walked down the side of the house, he thought he would check the back first to see if anyone was in the back enjoying the sun. Sure enough, as he peeked around the corner, he saw Cathy reclining in a green bikini on a chair. Beside her, Gio was lounging enjoying a drink. "Hi Art," he said.

Cathy raised her head and smiled, "Hi." She turned herself over to face him. "Beautiful today isn't it?" she asked.

All Art could do was nod. Not only was it a beautiful day but Cathy's beauty was there before him. The bikini left most of her skin uncovered and he could see that her tan was darkening. The top barely covered her breasts and the bottom wasn't covering much more. 

This was the first time he had been over since they had become more than just friends, and he didn't realize how uncomfortable it was going to be. Why was he feeling so nervous?

But Gio didn't seem to notice. "Want a beer, Art?"

"Oh, umm..., sure," he replied. He glanced over at Cathy as he moved to grab the drink from Gio and sit on the unoccupied chair. She smiled at him knowingly and when Gio wasn't looking, gave her breast a little squeeze. Art almost moaned in response. Her smile grew bigger and she laid back down on the chair.

Art took a long swig to calm his nerves. Before long though, he and Gio were deep into a discussion on which pitcher was the one they should keep on their fantasy baseball team. 

As they talked, occasionally Art would sneak a peek beyond Gio to Cathy as she continued displaying her body. And when she took out a bottle of oil and started rubbing it over her skin, his eyes had trouble not straying to that display. Her brown skin glistened as the sunshine beat down on it. She rubbed the oil over her stomach and just under the edge of the bikini bottoms, then upwards and around her bikini top. 

What the hell was Gio talking about, Art thought to himself when he realized that his mind had been wandering. Disappointingly he pulled his eyes from Cathy and back to Gio.

After 30 minutes or so, everyone looked up as they heard another voice. "Hi there everyone, mind if I join you?" Shelly had arrived and she strolled around the corner carrying a large bag. Pleasantries were exchanged, and afterwards, Shelly asked, "I brought a suit. Mind if I go inside and put it on and join you?" Of course there were no complaints with that so Shelly headed into the house.

A few minutes later, the patio door opened and everyone looked up. Shelly had never been much of an exhibitionist and her suit covered more than Cathy's did; but it was still quite revealing. A bikini top covered her smaller breasts and the bottoms had high cut legs showing more of her longer-than-Cathy's legs. Cathy gave a little wolf-whistle. "Nice Shelly." Shelly gave a little twirl. The back was more revealing than the front and left much of her ass cheeks uncovered. "Oh that's a nice suit," Cathy continued.

Art glanced towards Gio to catch his reaction. It was as expected. He mindlessly raised his drink to his mouth but his eyes were taking in the view before him. Art smiled to himself. This was going to be interesting. The girls had not shared with him their plans for the afternoon and evening. He wasn't sure how it would all work out; but if it lived up to half his dreams, it was going to be very interesting indeed.

Shelly laid out on the other side of Cathy which effectively hid her from Art's view, and basically Gio's too. The two talked a bit more but they both knew that to really enjoy the day, they had to talk to the two girls. So without feeling too badly, Art and Gio engaged the two girls in some reminiscing on their days together.

The next hour meant a couple drinks for the guys and more wine for the girls. Everyone was feeling quite loose. Art had been able to watch the two girls use their charms. He was amazed at how much more sexual both had become. They had all spent a fair amount of time together when they were younger but sexuality had never been turned up too high. Maybe it was the new 'hobbies' they now had that made them feel more comfortable and more open; but Art was enjoying it, and he was pretty sure Gio was too. 

Both the girls had rubbed oil over their bodies and each others' and they glistened in the sun. Actually Shelly had used real suntan lotion as she stated that she was afraid of burning with her light skin. In any case, the slippery wetness just made both of them even hotter to Art's eyes. And of course when they had taken turns rubbing the lotion on the other one, two sets of male eyes watched every second.

But the time in the sun had to end as Shelly called an end to the proceedings, "I'm going to have to go in," she stated, "before I burn to a crisp."

"OK," Cathy replied. "I guess it is that time. What do you think guys?"

Knowing that it was best to always agree with women, both guys also started gathering their items. As Cathy bent over to gather her stuff, Art stopped for a second to admire that tight ass. The one he had dreamed about touching for all those years, and the one he had been grasping in both hands just the previous week while pounding his cock into her pussy. He shook his head. Things had certainly changed in the last few months. 

Shelly too bent over before them and Art caught Gio admiring the cloth slipping deeper into her ass cheeks. No man could resist that view. Art realized that he also no longer had to imagine holding those ass cheeks in a doggy position. That had happened too the previous week. He had enjoyed slipping his cock from one wet pussy and moving to the other one as they both knelt on hands and knees before him on the bed. 

With a smile, Art finished gathering his stuff and started following Shelly and Cathy inside. He overheard Shelly, "I'm all slimy. I think I'll take a quick shower, k?"

"Of course," Cathy agreed. "I probably should too." She glanced back to Gio who was still outside and added, "I'd love to join you but not yet."

Shelly just smiled, "As you wish. You're always welcome." She smiled back at Art, "You too you know."

"Thanks Shelly. Probably not today though," he answered with a disappointed shrug.

"That's OK. Next time," she promised.

At that moment, Gio slipped into the house as well. Shelly started heading down the hall, "I'll be done in a second Cathy and then you can go in." Gio glanced at Cathy.

"Shower," she replied simply. 

"Ah." Turning to Art he asked, "Another drink?"

"Nah. Not right now. Maybe just some water to cool down a bit."

"For sure," and he headed to the kitchen. Cathy headed down the hallway towards their bedroom and when she was out of Gio's sight, but not Art's, she pulled her bikini top down with a grin and gave him a brief peek of her tits. With a big smile on her face, she pushed the door closed behind her. Art shook his head and grinned. He couldn't wait to get a close up view of those tits again.

"Should we go downstairs?" Gio asked, breaking into Art's thoughts. Art hesitated a second before agreeing. What he really wanted to do was to hang out around the bedroom door and the bathroom and see what happened next. Oh well, he thought to himself, in a little while.

Gio was already heading downstairs and Art followed. Gio grabbed the chair while Art found a spot on the sectional couch to await the girls. He watched while Gio channel-surfed looking for something to watch. They chatted casually for a few minutes.

Art heard the shower stop and then only a few seconds later, it started up again. Obviously Cathy had been right there waiting for Shelly to finish. If Gio noticed, he didn't let on; but Art only half listened to the TV and the talk while thinking about the last time the two of them had showered together - with him sandwiched between them. It was a good memory.

Both guys turned their heads as they heard someone coming down the stairs. Shelly had wrapped herself in a short robe and was busily drying her hair as she came down. The robe only came down a few inches past her butt and her bare legs promised a shortage of other clothes as well. 

"Cathy will be down in a second. What are you guys doing?"

Gio replied, "Not much. Just trying to find something to watch."

"Ah... I see," she replied and curled up on the sofa next to Art. She tucked her legs up underneath herself. Art couldn't help looking at the robe's hem as it traveled high up her legs to her thighs. Looking up further, he could also see that the robe had opened a bit on the top showing him that she had not bothered with a bra as all he could see was the smooth swell of her breasts.

"I think I may have been out a bit too long," she spoke up and opened her top towards Gio. "What do you think? I think I've got a little burn going."

"Ummm... yeah," he replied. It was now obvious to him as well that she was not wearing a bra as he could easily see the tan line that her bathing suit had created.

"Hope it doesn't peel or anything," she continued, making small talk as if nothing was out of the ordinary.

Art spoke up, hoping that his question led to the possibility of lending a helping hand, "Maybe you need some help with some lotion so it doesn't burn?"

Shelly smiled at him, "No, that's OK. I think I can reach my own chest."

"But what about the rest of you?" Art pressed.

"Oh, Cathy helped me out with that before she got in the shower."

That brought Art to a halt. "Oh, OK." He glanced towards Gio who was now busily pretending to watching TV again.

"So what's on?" she asked.

"Sports. Gotta see what's happening today," Gio replied.

She smiled knowingly, "I see."

Out of the corner of his eye, Art watched as she continued drying her hair. Her movements made her breasts sway under the loose robe and he couldn't stop watching her show. She just kept going though, not having a care in the world; but quite obviously enjoying herself as she hummed away.

Art just shook his head and tried to concentrate on the TV.

For a few minutes, they all kept their thoughts to themselves. Art could feel himself getting tense as he thought about what was happening. How would the two girls, who were quite obviously in control of the situation, start things up? Would he have trouble having sex in a four-some? Let alone with these friends he had known for so many years. He'd never had quite that experience before.

His mind wandered a bit until it was jolted back to reality with the sound of Cathy coming down the stairs. "Hey guys," she said happily as she came into the room. Art noticed another short robe covering her body. Was she bra-less as well? Were they wearing anything at all under their robes? He had tried to see Shelly's panties but had been unsuccessful in determining the status one way or the other.

"Ah, watching sports. Enjoying it, Shelly?" Cathy asked with a grin.

"Oh yeah, my favorite show," Shelly replied sarcastically, but quickly added lest she hurt Gio's feelings. "But that's OK. I don't mind."

"Gio, why don't you put some music on for us to listen to instead?" As he did that Cathy approached Shelly from behind. "Your hair is still wet? I didn't wash mine. Takes too long to dry. Here let me help," she offered and took the towel away from Shelly to start drying her hair as she stood behind her behind the couch. 

"Oh, that feels good," Shelly almost moaned as she laid back allowing Cathy to massage her hair with the towel. Laying back produced results that Art immediately noticed. First she stretched her legs out revealing herself all the way up to her thigh. A pair of lacy panties peeked out. Higher up her robe had opened wider. Looking between the folds Art could almost see her nipples. It was all he could do to hold back and let the situation unfold as the girls wanted - at their speed. He just wanted to dive in there, spread the robe open and attack her. The sexual tension had been building all afternoon and he was getting close to exploding.

Cathy put the towel aside and started massaging Shelly's shoulders, again eliciting a moan from Shelly. Gio returned to his chair watching the two carefully, and peaking at Shelly's display. For a few minutes, Cathy rubbed Shelly's shoulders. "Let me grab some more lotion for your skin," she said and quickly skipped over the bathroom, returning seconds later. She squirted some into her hands and continued rubbing Shelly's shoulders. Shelly's body relaxed back into the couch even further. Her eyes were closed as she enjoyed Cathy's touch.

Cathy glanced at Art, gave him a slight nod and took a deep breath. Obviously she had made a decision and it was time for the next step. 

She began, "So Art, I wanted to thank you again for helping us with the pictures for our website." She paused for a second to look at Gio as realization hit him. His eyes grew wide and he looked from Cathy to Art and back again. She continued with a smile knowing she had his attention. "You see Gio, Art has been helping us with our vacation fund for a few months now." She leaned over a bit further and pushed Shelly's robe open revealing her tits and her quickly hardening nipples to Gio eyes. "So he knows all about our other jobs. And I've been feeling guilty keeping you out of the fun. You know I love you very much and anything that happens tonight or any other night isn't going to change that. OK?"

Her hands were massaging and tweaking Shelly's nipples. Gio was watching dumbfounded but then realized that Cathy had stopped talking and was watching him. He looked towards her and nodded. "I understand. I love you too." 

"Well, in that case come over here and fuck Shelly while Art and I watch. Then I'm going to have both of you fuck me. K?"

"What?" he asked with a shocked look on his face. Art hid a little smile at his friend's state. It was probably not what he was expecting his wife to say.

"You heard me. You've wanted to do this for years and it's time. Shelly is ready, willing and able. Right Shelly?" 

Shelly looked towards Gio and gave him a smile, "You bet."

"There you go. I'm giving you free reign. Don't you want to fuck Shelly?"

Gio nodded and replied with a flustered look. "Ummm... yeah, but...," he mumbled.

Cathy waited with a mischievous grin on her face for him to finish. Her hands continued massaging Shelly's shoulders and breasts. "But...?" she echoed him.

He had nothing more to say though, so she continued, "But nothing. It's OK. Come on over here. I want this to happen."

With a mesmerized look on his face, Gio stood and Art watched as he moved over to the couch beside Shelly. Cathy leaned over and gave him a kiss, and removed her hands. Taking his, she put them over Shelly's tits. 

"Enjoy yourself Gio. Rub those tits. Feel how her nipples get so hard." 

She stood back and removed her robe. Art glanced over and could see that she had not bothered with anything underneath. No bra, no panties. Just her birthday suit. 

Fucking beautiful, Art thought to himself. Her tan lines were more pronounced than Shelly's and showed how dark her skin was getting this summer. Her nipples too were quickly hardening showing her growing excitement.

Cathy slipped around to the other side of the couch and knelt before Gio. He had moved his mouth over Shelly's nipples and she moaned softly and held his head in place. 

"Let's take these off, shall we?" Cathy suggested and pulled his shorts down and off. Art could see that he was getting excited and his cock was straining his underwear. Cathy didn't waste any more time and pulled those down too. She reached up to stroke his cock. "Getting excited Gio?" she asked facetiously. "I think you are." She opened her mouth and licked his cockhead. "I love sucking your cock honey. It tastes so good."
