 INTRODUCTION

It was the summer of 1973 and I was the catcher for a fast pitch softball team. I learned about the team from friends who I had met in our townhome complex. Biff and Steffi were married and they lived in a townhome a few buildings from mine. Biff was the pitcher for the softball team and he had mentioned that they needed a catcher. I had played baseball in high school and college as a catcher so I told Biff that I was interested. I played with the team that summer and got to meet the other players, wives and girlfriends.

At age 30 I was in good shape as I worked out religiously and besides softball; I was an avid alpine skier, SCUBA diver and into martial arts. I stood at 6'0" even and weighed 195 pounds. I was dating several girls but none of them were into watching softball so I didn't go out with them after our games. After our ball games the team went to the bar that sponsored us where we drank pitchers of beer and ate pizza. The other player's wives or girlfriends would also come along.

It was at the bar that I learned how Biff got his nickname. Apparently in college he had the reputation for being a butt fucker. So the initials BF sounded like Biff and the name stuck with him after college. Biff was about 5'10" tall and he was a stocky guy. His wife Steffi, short for Stephanie, was a real cutie. She had short dark brown hair, stood at 5'4" and weighed about 110 pounds. She had tiny breasts but shapely legs and a perfect ass. Biff and Steffi were the same age of 28 years.

One night Steffi wore tight white short shorts with a small spaghetti strap top. The top was short and put her flat tummy on display. The shorts emphasized her curvy ass and it was difficult for me to take my eyes off of her. I had this image of her husband butt fucking her while she was on all fours with her pretty face turned to the side. I was sure that if Biff was a butt fucker in college that he was all over his wife's marvelous ass.

Another girl who caught my eye was Rebecca who everyone called Becca. She was a pretty redhead with green eyes. Becca had a killer body with ample sized tits and a very shapely ass. Like Steffi, Becca had one of those asses that you wanted to touch every time that you were close to it. Becca was 5'7" tall and weighed 125 pounds which suited her 36-25-36 figure. Becca was Mike's girlfriend. Mike was the shortstop on the team.

We played in three leagues on Monday, Wednesday and Friday evenings and some weekends we had tournaments. After we went drinking for a couple of hours following the ballgame I usually went home. A few of us were always stag at the bar. That was about to change one night in a way that I would have never guessed.

AN OPEN MARRIAGE

It was Friday night and as usual we were all at the bar after our game. Except that night Mike was not there as he was out of town for the weekend. I was surprised to see Mike's girl Becca at the game but then again she was good friends with Steffi. As the evening wore on players, wives and girlfriends thinned out and soon it was just Biff, Steffi, Becca and me at the bar. We finished our beer and I was about to say goodnight when Biff asked me back to their townhome for a nightcap. I accepted since we lived so close to each other and it was a Friday night.

I arrived at Biff's and Steffi's home and I was surprised to see Becca there. The three of us sat in the living room and I complimented Steffi on the décor. Biff got drinks for everyone and I noticed that Becca was a little tipsy but she was not sloppy. I was surprised when Biff sat next to Becca on the loveseat and not next to his wife on the sofa. I sat on the sofa but not next to Steffi who was seated at one end. The four of us chatted and then Steffi left the room for a few minutes. While she was gone Biff started to put the moves on Becca and I couldn't believe what I was seeing.

Steffi returned but Biff was undeterred in his pursuit of Mike's girlfriend. Biff was kissing her and he had his hand under her top fondling her big tits. Steffi sat on the sofa but this time she sat next to me. I was embarrassed for Steffi as we both watched Biff and Becca. Biff had pushed her top up and unfastened her bra allowing the big tits to spill out. Becca had beautiful breasts which were big but also very firm. Big began sucking on Becca's tits and she laid her head back and moaned in pleasure. Then I felt Steffi's hand in my lap heading for my cock which was a stiff as a pipe. 

"Steffi, what the hell?" I whispered.

"Relax, Biff and I have an open marriage. I have been attracted to you for months," she whispered back.

Steffi freed my cock from my pants and stroked it lovingly. "You have a beautiful cock and it's big too. I have to have it in my mouth," she said softly in a sexy voice.

Steffi engulfed my cock and her head bobbed up and down. I looked over at Biff and Steffi and she was completely naked. Biff was kneeling on the floor between her legs eating her pussy. Becca and I made eye contact and I followed her eyes to my cock. She seemed fixated on either my size or Steffi's oral skills. Things moved quickly from that point and soon the four of us were naked with clothes scattered all over the room. Steffi lay back on the sofa and opened her arms to me and I moved between her legs.

Steffi grasped a hold of my erect cock and cautioned, "Easy now big boy." Then she guided my cock to her sopping wet pussy. 

My cock slid in easy but I could feel her tightness surrounding it. I started to fuck her slowly when I noticed her breathing hard. She was already close to an orgasm.

"Oh this is going to be a quick one. Hold me, please hold," she begged as she wrapped her legs around my torso and dug her heels into my buttocks.

Not only was her orgasm quick but it was extremely intense. Steffi thrashed around underneath me gasping and moaning as she soaked my cock with her female juices. I rode out the frantic orgasm and as she started to calm down, I picked up the pace and really started fucking her with authority. It wasn't long before she felt another orgasm coming on and I could feel my seed building for release as well. Steffi started to buck under me again and this time she was even more vocal, so much so that she had to cover her mouth to mute her screams. Now I was really pounding her pussy and I could sense my impeding release. I plunged my cock all the way in as my body stiffened and I filled her womb with my cum. Stream after stream of my jizz shot into her so much so that my cock sloshed around in her cunt in a mixture of our juices.

"My God, I have never been fucked with a cock like that and filled with so much cum," Steffi exclaimed in amazement.

I lifted myself off of her and moved to her side. She rolled over with her back toward me and pushed her bottom into my crotch. My slippery semi-hard cock slid between the cheeks of her ass. As we lay on our sides we watched Biff and Becca making slow and passionate love. They were really into each other kissing, caressing and slowly fucking each other. Biff soon stiffened and shot his load into Becca as she rubbed her pussy hard against his cock bringing herself off with him. Biff collapsed on top of Becca and then they both looked in our direction and smiled.

Steffi reached down to handle my cock and remarked, "This is quite something you are indeed blessed." "Actually I have been blessed tonight as well," she continued as she stroked my cock into another erect state.

We looked over at the other two and Biff was fucking Becca in the ass. She was grunting and telling him to go easy that this was her first time in her ass. Becca was kneeling on the floor bent over the loveseat. Her ass looked magnificent perched in the air with Biff's cock gliding in and out of her rectum. She had her head down on the cushion with her face turned to the side. Becca's back was slightly arched accentuating her shapely ass even more. Becca had the perfect shaped ass a true bubble butt that was firm and round. I was rock hard with cock at full attention.

"Go stick your dick in her mouth," Steffi urged me.

I didn't need a lot of encouragement so I moved to the loveseat and sat next to Becca and turned her head toward my cock. She was surprised but still took it in her hand and guided it to her mouth. Becca's mouth was sweet but she hard a difficult time taking much more then a couple on inches in her mouth. Her mouth was stretched wide around my cock and it was truly an erotic sight watching her suck my cock holding it her petite hand as Biff slide his cock in and out of her gorgeous ass.

Steffi was overwhelmed by the scene and did something that I learned later was a first for her also. She slid underneath Becca and began to lick her pussy. I could see the surprised expression on Becca' face. She had to know it was Steffi eating her pussy as she sucked my cock and Biff fucked her ass. All this was too much for Biff and Becca. Biff filled her asshole with his second load of the night and Becca came all over Steffi's face. Steffi seemed to enjoy making Becca cum and sucking up all her juices.

Becca trembled and collapsed asking Steffi to stop. "Please no more I can't cum anymore," she begged releasing my cock from her mouth.

Becca slide to the floor and rolled over on her back with Biff's cum oozing out of her asshole. Biff laid on his back along side her. Steffi then surprised everyone by straddling Becca' face lowering her pussy expecting Becca to reciprocate.

Becca was totally caught off guard and panicked, "Please don't make me do it Steffi."

"You silly goose it is about time you learned to eat pussy, you have done everything else," Steffi scolded her as she pushed her twat onto Becca' face. "Come on now do what I did to you, use your tongue and suck my clit," Steffi continued forcefully.

Becca finally succumbed to Steffi's demands and began to eat her pussy. She apparently took too it and was doing a good job because Steffi was turned on.

"Oh yes that's it. That's the spot now suck on it. Oh shit you are a natural we should have done this sooner," Steffi barked out at Becca. 

Steffi was rubbing her pussy in Becca's face and getting more turned on by the moment. I still had a rock hard cock and I decided to fuck Becca. I moved around the other side and looked down at her glistening pussy. Her pussy had a little tuft of red hair and it kind of looked cute. I moved between her legs and pulled them apart positioning my cock at the entrance to her pussy. I started to ease my cock into her watching the little red gap spread open. In spite of all her orgasms she was still very tight. I slid my cock in little by little until I was completely buried in her pussy and then I began to fuck her slowly. Becca was going wild feeling a cock that big for the first time.

Steffi finally came all over Becca' face and then surprised us again by kissing Becca tasting her own juice. I continued to fuck Becca and she was now extremely turned on as my cock touched new parts of her womb. She remained tight around my cock all the while. Biff had gotten hard again watching all the action and told me to turn over. I rolled over on my back keeping my cock in Becca and rolling her voluptuous body with me. I had no idea what was next to come.

Biff lubed up his cock again and positioned at the entrance to Becca's ass. He pushed in and I could feel his cock in her hot body on the other side of her membrane.

"No don't, not with him in me, please," Becca begged but to no avail.

Biff shoved his cock all the way into her rectum and then as we established a rhythm with the double penetration. Becca was helpless as we pounded her shapely ass and tight pussy. I reached up and played with her ample sized tits and tweaked her rock hard nipples. She had the cutest little nubs when she got excited they poked out like erasers on a lead pencil. She moaned and moaned as we fucked her and played with her tits. Biff was holding on to her curvy ass as he watched his cock glide in and out.

"I'm coming Walt," announced Biff.

"I am too," I called out.

We both emptied our balls into Becca' holes. She shuddered, whimpered and then shook frantically with her orgasm. She came so hard that her body bucked and gyrated as if she was trying to dislodge both of us. An exhausted Becca eventually collapsed on my chest with Biff on top of her. His softening cock slipped from her ass followed by a short burst of cum from her asshole. My cock slowly deflated and left Becca's pussy. She rolled to side and pleaded with everyone to let her rest. "No more, please no more tonight, I need to rest."

I joined Steffi in her bed leaving Biff and Becca to the second bedroom. They were both spent. Steffi started rubbing my body and tracing my abs with her fingers. She played with my balls and tickled the head of my cock. I knew that she would be able to get me hard again eventually so I just enjoyed some of her foreplay. She began kissing me and trailed kisses down my chest across my stomach and then kissed around my pubic area and scrotum. She took my cock in her hand and licked the top of it running her tongue over my pee hole. Steffi had me hard again in no time and took me in her mouth. She was a very skilled cock sucker and she seemed to enjoy it very much. 

She swirled her tongue around my cock while it was in her mouth and she kept testing her gag line to see how much of it she could take. I knew I was close to cumming and I warned her. However she just sucked with more enthusiasm and let me cum in her mouth. Steffi kept my cock in her mouth until it was milked dry then she nibbled on my cock head with her teeth sending chills through my body. My deflated cock slipped from her mouth and flopped on my stomach. I was drained. Steffi moved up along side me to cuddle and we fell asleep in that position.

SATURDAY MORNING

I woke up that morning with my normal piss hard-on and Steffi began to stir and brushed up against my erection. She reached for it with her hand and found that I was fully erect.

"Is this for me," she asked playfully.

Steffi then straddled my cock and slowly lowered her pussy on it.

"God this feels so good," she cooed.

She then began to rock back and forth on my dick and doing all the work while I lay there. Biff and Becca entered the room and joined us in the king size bed. Biff mounted her and was fucking her slowly. Then they rolled over and Becca began to ride Biff's cock. I watched them fuck and marveled at Becca's shapely ass as she undulated her hips rubbing her clit against Biff's cock. I made up my mind that I would try to fuck Becca' ass before the day was done.

Biff and I headed to the bathroom to take our morning piss and then we returned to the girls. Biff fucked Becca in the missionary position as did Steffi and I. The girls had multiple orgasms before Biff and I shot our first loads of the morning into them. Both Becca and Steffi began sucking our cocks to get us hard again. Biff then positioned Becca on all fours and got behind her. Becca knew what was next and Biff began to finger her asshole and apply a generous amount of lube. Just watching him get Becca's ass ready to be fucked was a turn-on in itself. Biff slipped his dick into her ass and began fucking her with short deliberate strokes.

Steffi told me, "Take her mouth again I want to eat some more pussy."

So we both took up positions on the bed with Becca and Biff. I fed my cock to Becca and she eagerly gulped down as much as she could handle. She gasped on my cock when she felt Steffi's tongue slide across her vagina and tickle her clit. It didn't take long for Becca to have multiple orgasms and Biff was helped along by Steffi occasionally licking his balls as she ate Becca' pussy. Biff stiffened and blasted his wad into Becca's ass. As his cock softened and slipped from Becca's ass Steffi gobbled it up in her mouth and she milked him dry. Biff was so weak from his orgasm that he just collapsed on the bed along side Becca.

I pulled my cock from Becca's mouth and knelt behind her. I pushed my cock into her tight pussy from behind emitting a groan from her. Steffi took up a position in front of Becca so that Becca could reciprocate by eating Steffi's pussy. Becca needed no coaching or prodding this time and dove right in on Steffi's cunt. As I fucked Becca doggie style I began to play with her ass. I put more lotion on my hand and inserted a finger into her asshole. 

I felt that she was loose enough so I leaned over and whispered in her ear, "I am going to shove my cock up your ass and cum in you."

She tensed as I pulled my cock out of her juicy cunt and moved the head against her moist puckered ring. I slowly pressed. Forward and the head of my dick strained to pop through.

Becca let out a little groan of pain and pleaded her case, "Please no, Walt you are too big, put it back in my pussy." 

I ignored her plea and slowly the pressure from my iron hard dick forced the little ring to open and suddenly the large mushroom head slipped past the ring and into her ass. Becca let out a groan as her rear passage was stretched to accommodate my ample cock size. 

I felt her ass tighten around me but I started to slowly stroke in and out of her tight ass until all 8" were tightly packed up her ass. Becca began to moan and her whole body was shaking from the strain and she seemed to know what to expect next. I began to slowly fuck her gradually increasing the length of the stroke but soon I picked up the pace and penetrated her with long hard strokes that use the entire length of my cock. 

"Oh yeah, fuck her good, fuck that ass," Steffi yelled.

Becca was going nuts I know she could feel the power of my cock as it pulled out and then crashed back in with my big heavy balls bounced off her pussy. Biff moved up along side Becca and began to play with her big tits and nipples. Becca was beginning to thrash about uncontrollably, gasping and moaning with pleasure. When Biff reached underneath her to stroke her clit she exploded with her biggest orgasm of the day. 

I continued to hammer her ass with long strokes until I felt that familiar tension in my balls and I knew I was close. I began to piston my raging cock harder into her hot ass in anticipation of my release. Becca was yelling and moaning into Steffi's pussy as she clawed at the bed covers hoping that I would cum soon.

I looked down at Becca with my big dick stuffed up her beautiful ass. I felt powerful and dominant as I skewered the asshole of this pretty woman. I could feel my seed traveling up from my scrotum so I grabbed onto Becca' shapely globes and slammed full force into her until I shot my wad in her ass. I stiffened with my cock all the way in her ass and grunted audibly as I shot my seed deep into her bowels. I could not believe the amount of cum that I unloaded in her rectum. I kept fucking Becca's ass for several minutes after shooting my load. As I continued to fuck her cum backed up out of her ass and began to run down over her pussy. I soon realized that I was so turned on that my dick was going to stay hard.

"No more, please no more my ass can't take any more," she begged.

But I ignored her and continued to fuck her ass until I came again. This time when I pulled out Biff was right there to take over and plunged his cock back into her ass. Steffi moved back to Becca' pussy and ate her to another orgasm. Biff soon came in her ass and finally Becca was allowed to lie down. She was a quivering mess with cum oozing from her asshole and her pussy dripping with her own juices. Her face was covered with Steffi's cunt juice. Steffi lay next to her and cuddled Becca in her arms and kissed her trying to calm her. 

Becca was humiliated. Yesterday was the first time in her life that she had taken a cock in her ass and then to be double fucked and eat her first pussy topped it off. That was bad enough but to take four loads of cum in her ass today as she was repeatedly pounded obviously fucked with her head.
