 This is the story of the most erotic experience of my life, a last minute double date with a beautiful but reserved British girl and two of her friends that took a wholly unexpected turn.

But first a little background. Right after college, I took a job as an English teacher in Japan. It was part of a program to bring native English speakers into the Japanese school system, and it was a really good deal for me. A chance to earn some money and live somewhere exciting and new while I figured out what to do with the rest of my life. One of unexpected benefits of living in Japan was the nearly inexhaustible supply of lonely ex-pat girls from places like England, Ireland, Australia, and New Zealand. Being an American, I was a sucker for the accents. One of interesting dynamics among young ex-pats in Japan was that most of the guys dated primarily Japanese girls. As a "gaijin" (foreigner), it was incredibly easy to hook up with the local girls, if you were into that kind of thing. But the converse wasn't true. Ex-pat girls generally weren't so keen on dating Japanese guys. So that led to an obvious imbalance. The ex-pat girls, who were lovely and fun, either had boyfriends who were far far away back home, or were faced with a very limited dating pool of interested ex-pat guys. Which is a long way of saying, for guys like me, potential hookup opportunities abounded. 

The most memorable of these opportunities (by far) happened when I least expected it. I had run into a British girl named Victoria at a get-together of ex-pats in a neighboring town. She had been in my initial orientation session in Tokyo six months earlier, and we'd introduced ourselves, but I hadn't seen her since then. I didn't even realize she was teaching in a town just 15 miles south of me. She was very pretty in a stuffy British sort of way, the kind of girl you pictured riding horses on a large British estate or who it would not surprise you to learn was the Duchess of somewhere or other. Her accent was that of BBC news reader, educated and refined (she'd graduated from Oxford). She had straight, light brown hair, that was cut fairly short, ending at the neckline. A bit like Kate Middleton. She was petite and skinny, but with very noticeable curves. The word 'posh' came to mind. 

We spoke for a while, shared a beer, and exchanged numbers. She said we should hang out sometime, but I didn't really expect that she would initiate anything. In our 15 minute conversation, she'd managed to work in that she had a longtime boyfriend back home in London. She even mentioned his name, Paul. Having a boyfriend back home was not usually a deal breaker out here, but if you mentioned him by name in the first 15 minutes of conversation, that typically wasn't an encouraging sign. 

But to my surprise, a few weeks later my phone rang and it was Victoria. She said she had some friends visiting from England and asked if I wanted to hang out on Saturday. I had nothing planned, so I agreed and got directions to her place. I thought it was odd that she'd wanted to hang out while her friends from home were visiting (as opposed to a weekend when she was bored and alone) but whatever, it was cool.

On Saturday afternoon, I took the train a few stops south and wandered through the meandering streets of her town. It was a warm, sunny day, the first really good day of the year. Eventually I found her house. And it was an actual house,. The program we were on provided complimentary accommodations to the teachers, but they varied quite a bit. I had a small, modern apartment. Victoria had a traditional Japanese house, one that looked to be fairly big, at least from the outside. I rang the bell and a moment later, Victoria answer the door, looking absolutely stunning in a white spring dress with blue flowers on it. It was the kind of dress that was held up by a single strap that tied around her neck. Her shoulders and back were bare, but the front of the dress went most of the way up to her neckline. It was a short dress, but not too short, coming down to just above her knees. It was the kind of dress that was casual and sexy and classy, all at the same time, accentuating her curves but still leaving something to the imagination.

She smiled and gave me a very quick hug and peck on the cheek, just a European hello, but still somewhat unexpected. "Come in, come in." 

Once I was inside, I realized it was a duplex setup. Victoria had only the bottom floor. She opened the inner door and we walked down the hall to a living room area. The inside of the house was also very traditionally Japanese: tatami floors, very minimalist, what little furniture there was, was very low to the ground. There were no chairs, just a low-rise sofa along the wall and the occasional cushion on the ground. There were two other people in the living room, sitting on the floor next to a coffee table, a guy and girl. The guy looked to be of Middle Eastern descent; he had short black hair and a lean muscular build. He was wearing a t-shirt and cargo shorts (just like me). The girl was strikingly pretty, with straight blonde hair tied back in a ponytail. She was wearing a white tank top and short jean shorts. If I had to guess where she was from just by looking at her, I might have guessed Southern California, but as soon as she spoke, that notion was quickly dispelled. She was clearly a Brit; they both were. 

When they saw me, they both smiled and stood. Victoria said, "guys, this is Jake, he's a yank." 

"But don't hold it against me," I added quickly, smiling.

The guy extended his hand to shake, "I'm Ali, a pleasure." 

"And I'm Fiona," the girl said. Like Victoria, she immediately went for the European style greeting, a quick hug and a peck. As she moved in for the hug, I noticed for the first time that her nose was pierced, just a very small stud on the right side. She smelled fantastic. I also couldn't help but notice that she had rather large breasts, particularly for such a petite girl. 

I was soon offered a cocktail, which I readily accepted, and we all sat on the floor around the table getting acquainted with one another. I soon had confirmation of what I had suspected when I first saw them, that Ali and Fiona were a couple. Fiona and Victoria were life-long best friends and Ali was merely the boyfriend who had come along for the trip. Victoria hadn't met him until a few days ago. And with that knowledge came the realization that this was essentially a double date. Everything made a lot more sense now. Victoria had invited me along today so she didn't have to be the third wheel all night. And I knew that significantly increased my odds of hooking up with her before the night was done.

After a couple of drinks, we decided to get some dinner. We ended up going to a sushi place down the road that had one of those conveyor belts that snaked throughout the restaurant delivering little plates of sushi, always a hit with visitors. I was really enjoying myself. Ali and Fiona were charming. Easy to talk to. Funny. Ali, it turned out, was of Jordanian descent, though he'd spent his whole life in London. He had served in the British navy and was now studying to be an engineer. And Fiona was just gorgeous, the kind of person who got even more attractive as you got to know her. She did public relations work for a British bank.

Victoria was really growing on me too. She was very impressive. An Oxford grad who had already been accepted to a prestigious law program and the planned to enroll in the fall. She was incredibly articulate and witty, highly skilled in the art of small talk. And while I'd always thought she was attractive, before I'd had no sense of her personality. But here, in the company of her best friend, she seemed a little more at ease. She still seemed reserved, a bit of an introvert, but it was clear that there was another side of her that at least her close friends got to see. And I was getting a glimpse. She was giggly and even made a few off-color remarks. Her hand brushed my thigh under the table more than a few times, clearly intentionally.

Our next stop was karaoke. There was place a few blocks away where you could rent out private rooms. On our way, we ran into a Canadian guy who chatted us up and offered to share some pot. Fiona was quick to accept and for the next few minutes, we passed around a joint. I was certainly no stranger to marijuana, but I hadn't had any since I'd been in Japan. I'd almost forgotten what it felt like to be stoned. And judging by the look of her, it had been even longer for Victoria. By the time we got to the Karaoke place, we were feeling no pain.

We ordered several rounds of drinks and went through all the karaoke standards: Livin' on a Prayer, I Love Rock N Roll, What's Up (4 Non Blondes), Total Eclipse of the Heart, Baby Got Back, Like A Prayer. I did a solo rendition of Tainted Love, which I was actually kind of proud of. But then Fiona and Victoria put my performance to shame with a legitimately impressive rendition of Hold On by Wilson Phillips, alternating vocals throughout. I was really seeing a different side of Victoria now, relaxed and fun.

The last song was the most memorable, though. Fiona did a solo performance of Criminal, by her namesake Fiona Apple. It was sexy and sultry and performed with such confidence. She was mesmerizing. Toward the end of the performance, I looked over at Victoria and noticed something different in her eyes. It was jealously, though not the spiteful kind. She clearly loved her friend, but she was envious of her, envious of her confidence, envious of the way she was able to command the attention of everyone in the room, envious of her lack of inhibition and effortless sexuality. As the song ended, Fiona approached Ali and started kissing him passionately, but just for a few seconds. Not long enough to make things uncomfortable for the rest of us, but long enough to make me envious of what Ali had in store for him tonight. I looked over at Victoria and sensed that she was feeling the same way.

On the walk back to the house, we lit up another joint. Apparently Fiona had bought it from the Canadian guy when I wasn't looking. After taking a few drags each, Ali and Fiona lagged behind a bit. Ali had his arm around her and they lean in and kissed every once in a while. Victoria and I walked ahead of them, finishing the last bit of the jointing and talking. Between the alcohol and the pot, we were both pretty buzzed. The topic of her boyfriend back home finally came up. Victoria gave me the short version of their history together. She and Paul had been together for nearly four years. They'd met during her second year at university. He was two years older, and now training to be a barrister. She loved him; he was handsome and kind and charming and intelligent and their families got along splendidly. He was everything she wanted in a future spouse. But she confessed that she often felt that she had met him too early, that if she had met him after university, they could have just gotten engaged and lived happily ever after, with no regrets. But she met him after just one year of college and they'd essentially be living like a married couple ever since. This past six months in Japan was the first significant amount of time she'd spent away from him since then. 

Though she didn't come right out and say it, it was clear what she was implying. Her chief regret was that she hadn't had more "fun" during her college years, that she hadn't been with more guys, carved a few more notches on the bedpost. She knew she had a very good thing going and didn't want to blow it, but she couldn't shake the feeling of regret. She'd settled down too early.

I sympathized with her. I told her I'd broken up with a serious girlfriend prior to coming to Japan and one of the main reasons I'd done so is that I didn't want to do the long-distance thing and have guilt be a factor in every potential experience I had here. I told her I didn't want to say no to someone out of loyalty to her and then resent her for having robbed me of that experience. That comment hit pretty close to home, I think. Victoria just nodded and stared ahead. 

When we got back to the house, it was still relatively early. We decided to watch a movie. In what was either an amazing coincidence or telling sign, Victoria had rented the movie "Unfaithful." We sat on the tatami floor around a square coffee table that was about a foot off of the ground. One of its corners was pointed toward the TV. Ali and Fiona sat on the side of coffee table to the left of the TV, and Victoria and I sat on the side to the right. Though it had been warm outside, the air conditioning had been cranked to high while we were gone and it was now chilly in the house, so Victoria got two blankets and we each shared one. She turned off the lights so that the only source of light in the room was the TV. As the movie started, Fiona snuggled up close to Ali under their blanket, putting his arm around her shoulder and laying her head on his chest. To my surprise (and delight), Victoria snuggled in close to me as well. I made sure the blanket was wrapped around us well and then settled in to watch the movie. 

I'd actually seen the movie before, so, unlike Victoria, who was pretty engrossed in it, I found my eyes repeatedly wandering over to Ali and Fiona. They kissed occasionally, though I could tell they were genuinely interested in watching the movie. At least once, Fiona's eyes met mine and I quickly looked away, not wanting her to think I was staring. 

When the first sex scene started, I was naturally a little more interested in the movie. I could feel Victoria tense up a bit, probably feeling a little awkward watching something so explicit while snuggled up to a guy she barely knew. When the scene was nearly over, I looked over at Fiona again, curious to see how she reacted. What I saw then startled me. There was movement under their blanket, steady, repeated movement. It was Fiona's arm. And when I looked at Ali's face I instantly knew what was happening. She was giving him a handjob under the blanket. He was trying to keep a straight face, but I could tell. Any guy could have read that expression. 

I squeezed Victoria's arm and leaned in to whisper quietly in her ear "check out Ali and Fiona." I watched Victoria's face as she looked over and slowly processed what she was seeing. I had no idea how she'd react. By the look on her face, she was clearly surprised too. 

What happened next was an even bigger shock. She didn't say a word, but her right hand, which had been lying loosely on my stomach under the blanket, began to move slowly downward, toward my shorts. Then it started pressing gently against my cock and balls, through the shorts. I had already been a little turned on by the combination of the movie and the realization of what Fiona was doing, but the touch of Victoria's hand, even through my shorts, sent what felt like an electric shock through my body. And just a few seconds later, I was rock hard. Slowly and skillfully, using just her right hand, she unbuttoned my shorts and unzipped the fly. Then she attempted to pull my shorts and boxers down and I quietly lifted my hips off the ground to help. My cock was free now, though still covered by the blanket, and Victoria began to stroke it steadily with her right hand. She leaned in and whispered in my ear, "this is okay, right?"

I nodded and squeezed her encouragingly with my right arm. After a bit, I looked over again at Fiona. She was now staring right at us. She wasn't looking at my eyes, though; her gaze was lower. A second later I could she understood what was happening. A mischievous smile flashed across her face and we made eye contact for a moment. Then she whispered something in Ali's ear, no doubt clueing him in to what was happening on the other side of the coffee table. Another sex scene was starting in the movie, the one where Diane Lane gets fucked in the restaurant bathroom. Victoria and I watched the scene while she continued to stroke my cock. When I looked back over at Fiona, I couldn't see her. Then I realized that there was a lot more motion under their blanket. I was virtually certain that Fiona was now giving Ali head, which was incredibly arousing to visualize. 

Victoria's right leg was curled up over my legs now and I could tell that her dress was riding up on her hips. With my free left hand, I reach over and ran my hand up her leg, hoping I'd be able to get all the way up to her panties. I was able to get all the way up, but to my surprise and immense satisfaction, I realized there were no panties. She had gone full commando. I whispered "has it been like that all night?" This time she nodded and had a mischievous grin. I gently touched her between her legs, feeling my way toward her clit. She wasn't shaved, but she was well-trimmed. There was just a thin landing strip. Upon my touch, she closed her eyes and quietly gasped, probably experiencing the same sort of electric shock that I had felt when she first touched my cock. 

When she opened her eyes, I motioned with my head toward Ali and Fiona. Victoria looked over and noticed for the first time that Fiona's head was under the blanket. I immediately regretted having drawn her attention to it because I didn't want her to think that I was somehow suggesting that she needed to follow Fiona's lead. But fortunately, I don't think she interpreted it that way. She was clearly surprised, though, at how things had escalated on that side of the table and it prompted her to increase the pace of her stroking. I did the same and she was now dripping wet and starting to squirm a bit. She started kissing my neck and then I turned toward her and our lips locked. We began kissing. Gently at first and then more insistently. Then she pulled away for a second and looked me in the eyes. She said "I've got an idea."

Then, before I could really process what was happening, she had stretched her right leg all the way over me and maneuvered into a straddling position on my lap. With the blanket still covering us, she reached back, grabbed by cock and expertly guided it inside of her, where it slid right in without much resistance. With her arms resting on my shoulders, she leaned in and began kissing me again. Then she began moving her hips slowly up and down. It felt amazing. I couldn't believe we were fucking, right here in front of her friends. This had already escalated beyond my wildest fantasies.

As Victoria continued gliding up and down on my cock, I kept an eye on our friends across the table. Fiona's head was still under the blanket, so she was unaware of the recent developments on our side of table. But Ali had opened his eyes and was staring at us, probably trying to figure out whether -- in British parlance -- we were shagging or merely snogging. With the blanket covering our lower halves, there was no way he could be certain. 

He reached down and touched Fiona on her head through the blanket. A moment later, her head popped out from under the blanket. She was sweaty and her hair was all over the place. She looked up at Ali to see what he wanted. He nodded his head toward us and when she followed his gaze, the look on her face was priceless, a mix of shock and admiration. She made eye contact with me and I could see the question burning in her eyes: are you guys really fucking? 

Her next move was an interesting one. She ripped off their blanket and flung it away, exposing Ali and his enormous erection. I've never been particularly self-conscious about my penis size, but wow, Ali's was big enough to make any normal guy feel a little inadequate by comparison. The dude was hung. Fiona's move had clearly surprised him and he looked momentarily uncomfortable. But as soon as the blanket was gone, Fiona resumed sucking his cock and that seemed to put him back at ease. Her eyes were wide open, though, and I could tell she was still looking in our direction. 
