 It was a hot summer day, and I was looking forward to spending my Friday night sipping a cocktail on the front lawn. I was a recent college graduate and had started working a few months ago for a publishing agency. Of course, I was the lowest on the totem pole, but it was a job. I had to start somewhere. I didn't really have it all that bad; after all, I was renting a house with a friend I'd met in college and I lived in the country.

I could have a nice cocktail... or perhaps just some cock. That's what I was really craving. It had been a while; in fact, the last time I had had sex it had been with a woman (not that I was complaining about that), but I really needed to have a nice dick working in me, although I wouldn't turn down some lesbian action. I felt myself getting horny as I walked down the sidewalk to the parking lot (of course I had to park far from the building), and I got even hotter thinking of one particular man who I'd met at work.

His name was Sean, and he was about half a foot taller than me and of a trim build with slightly muscular arms. That is to say, he was certainly (thankfully) not the bodybuilder type, but he must have worked out a little bit. He was quite intelligent and well-spoken. We had interacted a couple times when I first started working, and he was always kind to me without being condescending. We were introduced and we'd made small talk on breaks; he worked near me, but we didn't work together. But I'm sure he'd seen me looking at him at least a couple times. I just couldn't help myself. He had a really nice ass.

It was soon after I had started looking at Sean that he'd been giving me suggestive glances, and soon we both were finding excuses to touch each other or "accidently" bumping into each other when we were passing in the hallway. I could feel his eyes on me whenever I walked past him. I loved it. I could tell that he didn't mind so much that my eyes often gazed upon his form as well.

I was so deep in this daydream that I hardly noticed the footsteps behind me as I walked up to my car. I turned around. Of course, it was him. Sean was standing about ten feet away between a couple of cars. He had a small smile on his face. So this was it. Something was finally going to happen.

Like what you see? I thought happily. I smiled flirtatiously.

"Hi, Sean" I said.

"Hello, Sasha," he replied. "I swear I'm not stalking you. I was just getting into my car when I saw you." Oh God, he had undone his tie and let it rest loosely on his shoulders. I really wanted to finish what he would likely do once he got home and undo those buttons for him.

I laughed. I knew that he was genuine. "What are you up to this weekend?" I found myself asking. I had no plan concerning how to go about asking him out, but I knew that I had to.

"Uh, well, not sure yet," he said, walking closer to me. He thought about it for a moment. "I change my answer. Isn't it obvious?" he asked, looking at me suggestively. He made his way to my car and rested his arm on top of it. He smelled so good. I just wanted to lean in closer.

"You're coming to my place for coffee," I stated. "Tonight. At 7. Unless you're busy?"

"No, no, not at all," he said happily. I could see desire in his eyes.

"Unless coffee would be too hot! I mean, since it's so hot outside," I added, trying to sound sexy, silently scolding myself for my clumsiness. His hotness was making me feel stupid.

"It is rather hot," he said. He brushed an invisible something off my lower shoulder, somewhat near my breast. "But I can make it."

"Good," I said in a deep voice. I felt my excitement in between my legs. Somehow I managed to give him directions to where I lived and wrote down my address for him. I wanted to make out with him then and there, but I knew that that would happen later. Tonight. We parted and I drove home, unable to think of anything but the time when I would finally be able to acquaint myself with him in bed.

******************************************************************************

I walked into the kitchen and set my bag down. I could see my housemate, Kate, sitting on the couch and reading a magazine. I put my bag down and proudly said, "Sean is coming over tonight and we're going to have sex."

"Oo," she said, looking up at me and giving me a grin. "Have fun," she said in a singsong voice. She knew how much I fancied Sean, as I had often expressed how delicious I thought he was. 

"Oh God, I will," I nearly screamed. "I hope his cock is nice and thick... " We were both very open about our sex lives. We were both sexually liberated women, and sometimes shamelessly enjoyed casual sex. We often shared details of these encounters. We were both bisexual, but we'd never fooled around with each other. I had to admit, I often wondered why we hadn't. Kate had long, wavy strawberry blonde hair and a round, cute face, and her smiles were playful and sexy. Her body was beautifully curvy and looked amazing in the short shorts she wore on this hot summer day. Her C-cup breasts looked full but tastefully so in her V-neck top. Maybe she jus wasn't into me all that much. We flirted sometimes, but it never got overly sexual or ever led to anything. I found myself wondering if it would be possible for us to go too far with each other... 

"Don't get too excited about him all at once," Kate said, breaking me out of my daydream of her. Oops. I know that I blushed, but I appeared innocent enough.

I sighed with lust. "I can't wait to get my hands on him," I told her.

******************************************************************************

The hours went by. Kate was upstairs; she was certain that I wouldn't make it to the bedroom with him, and I didn't blame her. I could feel the moistness starting in my panties already, even though I had changed them a few minutes ago. I was wearing a red lacy pair under my short jean shorts. My matching pushup bra made my B-cup breasts look voluptuous in my black tank top. My attire reflected my mood well.

Finally Sean pulled into the driveway and rang the doorbell. I opened the door and welcomed him into my house. "Glad you could make it," I said.

"Me too," he replied, his voice deep and already dripping with lust. He was still wearing dress pants and the button-down shirt he'd worn at work, but his tie was gone. I was very pleased to see that he had undone a couple buttons. I could now see some chest hair. I liked what I saw. He walked in and looked around curiously, but quickly returned his eyes to me. He observed me in my sexy outfit, his eyes lingering slightly on my breasts. He looked me in the eyes, not spending too much time undressing me with his eyes. I appreciated his balance of being courteous while still drinking in the sight of me. I do hope I returned the favor.

"Would you like some coffee?" I asked, somewhat sarcastically.

"No thanks. I don't think I'll be needing any," he said, and he moved closer to me, observing my face.

"Well, come along then." I led him into my kitchen with the intention of walking through it before going upstairs. If we made it that far. I stopped by the island. "I have a housemate, but well... do you mind that she's here? She doesn't." This felt slightly awkward. I wish I had remembered to ask him about this earlier. I tried to sound casual. "I mean... she keeps to herself. I completely forgot to mention her earlier."

"I don't mind at all," he replied, and I could tell that he didn't. "Don't worry about it. You seemed distracted today." He brushed a strand of hair out of my face. "It doesn't sounds like she's too mindful or prude."

"Oh, she's definitely not!" I stated, though not unkindly. I smirked. Kate could be quite a vixen sometimes.

"And neither am I," he said as he put his hands on my hips and placed his lips on mine. We kissed for a while standing up and I put my hands on his shoulders. Finally I was kissing his fine lips and feeling his warm breath on my face. He kissed slowly and sensuously, and we both savored each other's lips. I felt his body with my hands, not yet touching his bulge. His arms were long and sinewy, and his chest felt slightly built and muscular as well. After a short while of this slow sensuous kissing, he slipped his tongue over my lips and into my mouth, and I couldn't help myself as I followed suit fiercely. He moved his tongue in my mouth more aggressively and but my lips gently. I loved this roughness. My breathing got heavier, and I began to moan quietly. I felt him moving me, and then somehow I was sitting on the edge of the table, and finally I felt him as he rubbed his groin between my legs. He was incredibly hard. He began kissing and nipping at my neck, and I cried out with pleasure and began unbuttoning his shirt, dying to see his bare chest. His bit my neck not enough to hurt, but enough to make me cry out in surprise.

After teasing my neck, he slid my low-cut shirt and bra aside and I felt his hot tongue explore my breasts. He flicked my nipples a couple times teasingly before kissing the rest of my breast. He obviously knew how to pleasure a woman's tits. I couldn't resist gently moving his mouth back to my nipple. His tongue felt so good there and I didn't want him to think that he had all the control. He bit my nipple gently. I ground up against him and he nipped my other nipple before feeling my whole breast with his tongue. I moaned enthusiastically, grinding against him faster.

I chanced to look over his shoulder and saw Kate against the wall and her feet on two separate steps. I gasped in surprise. She had her hand down her shorts and was very obviously pleasuring herself to this live scene. When she saw that I had seen her, she just gave me a seductive look, and ran her tongue over her top lip. I felt my pussy throb with desire, from both the site of her touching herself while her breasts nearly spilled out of her top and from his hardness he was now rubbing against me furiously.

"Oh God!" I exclaimed, wanting him inside me but also entranced by Kate's erotic behavior that I had never seen for myself before. I got even more excited. I wanted to be able to finally touch her.

Sensing that something had changed, he looked at me and then looked over his shoulder where I was gazing. He saw her and surprise was evident in his eyes at first. This had not been the plan. He continued looking at her. I could tell by his eyes that he liked what he saw as I had.

After a few more moments of fingering herself, Kate looked at him seductively. "I can see why she wanted to fuck you so badly," she said.

He looked back at me. "I don't think she really does keep to herself," he purred in my ear.

"I... I really want to touch her," I confessed. He fiercely shoved his tongue into my mouth, liking my desire, then pulled away and pulled me off the table.

"Please," he said eagerly. Of course; what guy doesn't like seeing some girl-on-girl action? I couldn't believe how lucky I was getting. He smacked my ass as I walked over to Kate.

"Sit," Kate told him, and he did. He was on the couch, right across from the staircase.

I went over to Kate and ran my hands up and down her curvy figure. I caressed her and began making out with her. Her mouth was soft and warm just as I'd imagined it to be. She tasted lightly like fruit and welcomed my tongue into her mouth. She gripped my ass with one hand and felt my tits with another. My hand strayed to between her legs; she was incredibly excited and I felt a spot of dampness on her shorts.

"Mmmmm," I hummed into her ear. I nipped her on the neck then plunged down to her shapely breasts and flicked my tongue over her hard nipples. She moaned even more, and I knew that she wanted me to make her come tonight.

"I want you to eat my pussy," she sighed, loud enough for Sean to hear. He moaned in response.

I slid my hand down her pants and felt her wetness with my fingers. I slid a finger in and out of her briefly, making her moan loudly. Then I rubbed her clit, pressing down gently so she writhed with pleasure. She was getting very close. I continued sucking her tits until I couldn't wait any longer. I yanked down her shorts and soaked panties, spread her legs, and got on my knees. I put my mouth on her hot, wet pussy. I made out with her womanly lips, enjoying them for myself and not wanting to bring her to climax yet, though her moaning grew louder and louder.

"My clit, please-" she gasped, needing more. I looked over at Sean, not taking my mouth off of her. He was stroking his hard cock, but his pants and the angle I was at kept it from my sight. He seemed to know this, and licked his lips at me. "Eat that pussy, then you can see it," he told me, so I did even harder and faster. Kate tangled her fingers in my hair and pushed me against her wetness. I finally caressed her clit with my tongue. In seconds, she reached her peak, screaming, "Fuck- Yes! Yes!" I licked her slowly until she was done. Her grip on my hair loosened and she pulled me up to her face. She kissed me.

"I love the taste of that," she whispered. "But you should share with him." She stroked in between my legs slowly and my vulva throbbed in response. I realized that I was the only one who hadn't lost any clothes yet.

I looked over at him, and he was stroking his cock slower now, having too much fun to want to come yet. "Give me a taste of that," he agreed.

I went over to him, hips swaying, and kissed him so he could taste her on my mouth. He savored the taste on my lips and in my mouth and didn't stop until the taste was gone. I put my hand on his cock, then pulled back in surprise.

"Oh God, that's just what I need in me," I said. It was a good eight inches long and nice and thick, just how I liked it. Too long could be uncomfortable sometimes, but his was just the right size to have fun with. I looked in his eyes and his expression showed that he was pleased with my enthusiastic approval. "First thing's first," he whispered. He didn't move but I knew what he wanted.

I got on my knees. I gazed at his member before licking up and down his long shaft. Eating pussy was great, but sucking cock right after was even better!

I sucked the head before taking as much as I could into my mouth, and he moaned loudly. I sucked him for a couple minutes. When I stopped and looked behind me, Kate was obviously still horny and eyeing him sexily. I let him watch her touch herself as I unbuttoned his shirt and bit his neck. He seemed to enjoy it. I even sucked his nipples gently. He must have been a fan, because he muttered, "Oh God... " and put his hand on the back of my head, keeping me working on his nipple for a few moments. I never took my hand off his long, hard cock.

Eventually I stopped and after throwing me a satisfied look, he walked over to Kate. She looked up at him eagerly. Then, he turned her around against the wall and slowly entered her from behind. It was my turn to watch. I reached down my panties to stroke my dripping wet pussy.

He breathed heavily as she began to moan again, louder this time. He thrust into her deeply and stimulated her clit. It did not take her long.

"Oh God! Yes! Yes! Fuck!" Her cries got higher and higher-pitched until she opened her mouth widely as she orgasmed. He stopped thrusting. She turned around, kissed him, and said to me, "This man is fucking incredible." Then she gave us both a wink and walked back upstairs. She had gotten what she came for.

He turned to me and finished taking off his shirt. "We're not done yet," he said in his deep sexy voice. He slid his hands down my shorts to feel my wetness. "Oh God, you're soaking wet!" he exclaimed. He kissed me long and hard. "You worked very hard. You must be ready."

"I need you to fuck me!" I nearly screamed. I needed that cock in me so badly; I could hardly believed I had been able to wait this long. I really needed to be fucked!

He grinned at me lustfully. "I'm going to fuck you so hard!" I pulled him towards me and led him upstairs to my bedroom. I kissed him hungrily, but only briefly before he pushed me away aggressively and took off my shirt and bra. I had never been undressed so fast in my life. Once my wet panties slid to the floor he slapped my ass and pushed me onto the bed on my back. I purred, pleased with his aggression.

"You better fuck me good," I told him as I squirmed with anticipation. I needed that big thick cock in me so badly.

He slid it into my wet pussy easily and thrust into me slowly. I whimpered, needing him to thrust faster. He lowered himself onto me so that he was closer to me face.

"Your cunt is nice and tight," he whispered in my ear. I squirmed happily at his use of dirty language. He moaned with pleasure and then deeply thrust into me with speed.

"Fuck yes," I screamed as he did me, moving his cock in and out in and out. His breath quickened and he moaned louder than he had all night. I tightened around him, getting so close, and I began to buck under him wildly.

"Oh fuck!" he screamed over and over.

We could only keep this up for a couple minutes. I rubbed my clit wildly and felt myself reaching an intense orgasm. I screamed his name and came hard. My muscles squeezed around his rock-hard cock, much to his excitement. He moaned deeply and I felt him release his hot cum into me. He gave some small but deep thrusts as he let all of it spill into my pussy. He lay on top of me for a moment before rolling onto his back, both of us breathing loudly as we recovered.

I knew that Kate was just in the other room enjoying our sounds of lust, and perhaps even wanting more.

But for now I felt exhausted and spent. Sean panted heavily, sounding equally exhausted. We'd both need a good rest. I know that we'd need to do it again, and soon, for my hunger for his cock would definitely return. I couldn't know how skilled Kate was, although I believed she would be very good since she was such a sensual woman. I hoped to find out next time.

After all, I didn't think he would object to that.