 I normally write about relationships of equals. Young people of about the same age and social status. Fans have from time to time asked me to write about an older guy, younger girl relationship. Until recently that hasn't inspired me.

But I recently observed an interaction/ relationship and some conversation around it that inspired me to write the following story. It was essentially plutonic. I can only guess the guy might have wished for this ending; the girls probably not.

Thank you again to the honest guys who help me write from a male perspective.

*****

Ned had been sailing the pacific in his 48 foot yacht for most of the last five years since his wife of 30 years - the first and only love of his life - died.

In his early 60's, he knew he was no spring chicken.

His crews had come and gone; an assortment of female divorcees in their 50's and free spirited younger men and woman in their 20's. For social rather than sexual reasons he preferred mixed crews - with women in the majority - rather than an all-male crew. 

He'd had a fling or two with some of the divorcees. But even though he was naturally tall and slender and the physical work involved in sailing and looking after a yacht that size kept him fit and strong, he had no illusions about his lack of attractiveness to females in their 20's. He was careful not to invade their personal space or create ambiguous situations.

At his age, sex was nice, but didn't present him with the undeniable urges of his youth. The mere company of such nubile young beings was reward enough for having them aboard.

As the yacht swung at its mooring in Papeete his crew consisted of two girls in their late 20's who had now been with him for some time.

Issie was of Italian origin, medium height, medium if slightly sold build, and a pretty enough face. From time to time Ned might have thought her breasts were a little small for her frame; but he also accepted that was none of his business. As a surfer and a general pursuer of somewhat crazily dangerous sports she was intimidatingly fit; washboard stomach, toned muscles and all. She also knew how to flaunt herself both in how she dressed and acted, and didn't really care in front of who.

Amy was out of a different mould. She was the same height as Issie but she was closer to Ned's genome in being slender by nature; seemingly regardless of what she ate. The one thing that Issie and Amy shared was that Amy also was a surfer and general participant in crazy strength demanding sports and if anything, as far as Ned could tell, outdid Issie in her strength and fitness.

But the qualification 'as far as Ned could tell' said a lot about the differences between the girls. From England, although from parents with mixed Spanish and Greek origin which might have explained her flawless olive skin, Amy was of a more reticent and reserved nature, especially in how she dressed and physically interacted with others.

Cruising the tropics in a yacht carries with it unusual dress standards. With the environment always salty and damp and the lack of fresh water for washing, crews on friendly terms often go naked at sea. If they're not that friendly, minimal swimwear is usually the order of the day - with a sun protecting top if you're exposed to the sun.

Ned tended to let the crew set the standard for dress and follow that, rather than impose his own. From time to time he had been running a naked boat, especially if German or Swedish women were aboard since they seemed more inclined to shed their clothing than others. It was quite an interesting experience, more so if the girls were younger. After all the tight confines of a rocking boat don't allow for the same personal space as a land based nudist colony. Passing in a companionway could become highly intimate - especially if the boat lurched at the time. Even at his age, the risk of an all too obvious boner was ever present. 

Issie and Amy had never gone that far. Issie's standard clothing seemed to be one of a number of tiny triangle bikinis; minimal coverage tops and dangerously low waisted pants. Sometimes when she sat next to Ned in the cockpit, she'd lift one knee up to her chest and that would cause the waist band of her bikini bottom to fold out in a way that let him peek all the way down to the turn of her mons. That let him confirm what the intimately close fit of her bikini bottoms already left little doubt about - a complete lack of pubic hair.

For many months after she joined the boat, Ned hadn't seen Amy in anything less than baggy knee length shorts and a lose fitting top which made her figure from her neck to the knees look like nothing less than a slim rectangular box. Sometimes if the wind was blowing against her clothing, you were able to get the outline of her figure - even the suggestion her breasts were more than might be expected on one so slim - but that was the limit of it.

Eventually she had donned a bikini to go for a swim, but it was little more revealing than her normal clothing; a high wasted, conservative legged bottom and something closer to a tank top than a bikini one; baggy at the front so that, even when it was wet, it didn't cling to her breasts in a way that was anything other than a single bulge across her chest. Overall it may have confirmed Ned's impression of her having nice boobs and a slim curvy figure, but you had to work hard to see it; it didn't exactly flaunt it.

Still, that seemed to have broken the ice and the bikini became more frequently seen - eventually being the standard boat outfit; even if she reverted to her box clothing for going ashore. 

Amy had revealed that two years ago she'd had an unpleasant breakup with a very controlling boyfriend in a relationship that had gone on for many years. Evidently he'd acquired her when she was young and naïve and essentially trapped her until she'd eventually found the strength to break away. Indeed that had been a large part of her motivation for running off the sea and generally doing crazy things.

Ned wondered if her rather unflattering clothing choices were a hangover from that; although fully accepted it was none of his business.

On this night the yacht was moored off Papeete, the capital of Tahiti. The girls had been ashore for the day. When they'd return Ned thought that Amy seemed in a strange mood, but couldn't put his finger on it. Something was different; she seemed unsettled. And while Ned tried not to be a busy body where they were concerned, he felt a sufficient degree of responsibility for them that he couldn't quite let it go.

They were half way through dinner when Amy got up to fetch herself another glass of wine from the galley.

As Amy came back to the table and started to sit down, glass in hand, the yacht lurched as a result of the wash of a passing motor boat. Put off balance, but trying to preserve her wine, she landed heavily against Ned, her body crossing his and her spare hand landing on his upper thigh.

Apologising, she righted herself, but made no attempt to move back to her original position a more demure half metre away.

Ned now found himself with Amy's hip and naked thigh pushed hard against his, his arm - previously spreadeagled innocently along the back of the settee - now behind her back, her hair cascading over it.

He fought an automatic inclination to remove his arm and bounce across to create a personal space for both of them. Instead he froze in place, letting Amy control the situation. She hadn't been herself since coming back to the boat and he neither wanted to have her feel she was being pushed away, nor let her think he was making a move on her.

He felt her body relax into place, her shoulder settling against his and her bare elbow brushing his chest each time she took a sip of her wine.

Ned thought that was all very nice. But he was painfully aware of the growing signs of arousal in his speedos; signs that must be all too obvious to Amy if she took a glimpse in the space between his chest and the edge of the table. As subtly as he could he tried to flick the waist of his light sun shirt over the extended appendage.

The evening continued. Superficially, everything was very jolly; a light banter keeping them all entertained and laughing. Amy's body moving against Ned's as she laughed and drank had long since converted Ned's light arousal into a fully grown boner, eventually having forced him to attempt an unnoticed readjustment of his speedos to let it grow vertically. Whether it was unnoticed he didn't know. Issie's eyes were boring into the pair of them as they sat across the table from her. Ned didn't detect jealously or anger; more confusion. It was a confusion Ned shared. Amy wasn't herself. She was drinking more than usual and her close contact with Ned was in contrast to her usually reserved physical behaviour towards him. Yet still he felt frozen in place; neither wanting to withdraw from the physical contact nor increase it or take advantage of it.

An hour of heavy drinking later, Ned noticed a tear welling in the corner of Amy's eye before running down her cheek. A second and a third followed it before Amy abruptly stood up and announced she was going to bed.

Ned knew something was wrong. The desire to hide his erection under the table was overwhelmed by his concern for her. He got up and followed her, touching her on the shoulder as he gently said -

"Amy...what's wrong?"

Amy stood and turned towards him. Her face was now full of tears, her eyes already red. Ned put an open palmed hand over her shoulder. It just seemed she was craving some contact and he thought it might encourage her to talk, even though he wouldn't normally do that. She put on a poor attempt at a brave face and a smile.

"Nothing."

"Wouldn't you like to talk about it?"

"Really, I'm OK. I'm just being silly."

Ned wasn't sure how hard to push it.

"Well, it you'd like to talk just let me know, even if you think I'm asleep."

With a final pathetic attempt at a smile, Amy turned and glided into her room. Ned and Issie exchanged quizzical looks. The boat was too small for conversation not to travel, but Ned felt safe in asking -

"Did anything happen ashore?"

"Not that I saw."

"Well, I might turn in too."

Ned had been in bed and asleep an hour when he heard one of the girls go to the head. Moments after there was a light knock at his door.

"Are you awake?"

It was Amy's softly spoken voice.

"Yes Amy. What would you like?"

"Can we talk?"

"Sure, come in."

Ned had been sleeping naked - as he did in these climates. He flicked a sheet across his hips, hiding his night erection. The door opened as Amy's shadowy figured entered. Shuffling across the bed to make some space, Ned pointed to the area of the expansive bunk near his chest, indicating -

"Have a seat"

As she sat down, Ned eyes started to adjust to the moonlight room and he suddenly realised that Amy was nearly naked; dressed only in a pair of tiny panties. He couldn't help casting his eyes up, taking in the orbs of her naked breasts standing perkily out from her chest. He'd never seen her like this before. 

Amy didn't waste time. It seemed it had taken her time to build up the courage to talk and now she was ready to download.

"What's wrong with me?"

"I don't understand. What do you mean?"

"Why do guys hate me? I couldn't even get you to hit on me tonight."

"Let's set aside why I didn't hit on you. Why do you think guys hate you?"

"In town today they were all flirting and chatting up Issie and just ignoring me. Aren't I attractive enough?"

Ned was a bit shocked and uncertain. He didn't want to set up a competitive situation between Issie and Amy and was painfully aware what he said might be heard by Issie. But he was also surprised that a girl as smart and seemingly self-assured as Amy didn't have a better appreciation of her own worth. It was like something had ripped a scab off a wound that Ned never before realised was there.

Ned lowered his voice to a bare whisper.

"Amy"

Amy bent over to bring her ear closer to Ned, dangling her breasts in front of him as she did.

"You're a stunningly attractive girl. Way prettier than Issie. And really nice. There's not a single thing I've seen in you not to like."

"Then why do the guys ignore me? Do you know I've never even had an orgasm?"

Ned had been offered two different questions with two different lines of discussion. Surprisingly the second seemed to be the safer to pursue. Amy had made no secret of the long term boyfriend she'd broken up with two years ago and the way she spoke left little doubt a fair bit of sex had been involved.

"What about Frank? Didn't he ever give you an orgasm?"

"All he ever wanted was to get head from me and pound me. It just never really worked for me. I felt like a failure."

"Come on Amy, you know in your heart it was Frank who was the failure. He didn't look after you. It was up to him to do more."

Amy was finding bending down to bring her ear to Ned uncomfortable. Without asking, she turned around and lay parallel to him on the bed; propping her head up on her forearm.

"Yea, sort of, but still, it hurt."

"Look Amy, you're slim, nicely figured with a beautiful face and hair every girl would die for. You're smart, well balanced, funny and interesting. In short, you're a stunner. You should have guys throwing themselves in your path."

"Why aren't they? Why aren't you?"

If Amy was able to feel the hardness of his cock or the aching desire Ned had for her, she'd know the second question was unnecessary. But he hesitated. He might have had a view on the first question, but wasn't sure he should offer it. He thought about how he could offer it safely.

"Amy, you have a professional background. You know how important presentation and even advertising is to get the message of your superior offering out to potential customers. Well, social life is very similar.

You seem very reticent to display yourself. There might be a really good reason for that; hopefully not something terrible in your past. But what I can tell you just from being a guy is that the way Issie presents herself generates a hormonal surge in guys she interacts with that sort of drives them to try and hit on her. There are times and places that can be a bad thing - not all guys are willing to control those urges. But in the end that's what gives guys the courage to approach a girl; so it has its place.

And as for why I didn't hit on you that's simple, and it's got nothing to do with not thinking you're sexy and gorgeous. You and Issie are my favourite all time crews. I'd hate to do something to muck that up. I'm twice your age so didn't really think you could be attracted to me, you were more than a little drunk, I didn't know how you were hurting and I just didn't want to do anything you'd regret later. Didn't you notice how aroused you made me?"

"Yea, well you're old, but you've been pretty good to us. More than I could expect from guys our own age. That counts for something you know."

A thought had been formulating in Ned's head ever since Amy had revealed her lack of ever having had a climax. As much as sex with her was tempting and was clearly still being offered, the fact was she was still drunk. Not so much as to not be able to think for herself, but enough her judgement might be affected. Anyhow, it had been a while for Ned. It wasn't going to help her self-esteem if he shot his bolt before she was even warmed up. And then there was the question of condoms. His were in the bathroom and he wasn't sure how she'd react to him insisting he go and get them.

"Would you like to be fingered to a climax; just so you know you can get there?"

Amy lent in and kissed him on the lips.

"I'd love you too."

Ned wasn't short of his own desires. He brought his hand up and cupped one of her breasts, letting the nipple rise between two fingers where a gentle movement quickly hardened it.

"Do you like your nipples being played with?"

"I loved it. Really, really loved it. I could never get Frank to do it enough. He'd give them a quick play and then push my head down onto his cock."

Amy was lying right on the edge of the bunk. Ned grabbed her around the waist and rolled her across the top of him onto the other side. Apart from stopping her from rolling off, that brought his right hand into action as the one to finger her with. As she landed, he rolled her onto her back and lifted his head up over her chest.

With his eyes now better adjusted to the moonlight, for the first time Ned got to really admire her breasts. They were delightful little orbs; quite firm, perky and proud as they sat on her flat torso and capped by the most beautiful nipples of a uniform golden brown colour across the whole areola and nipple, maybe a slightly larger diameter than would be normal for breasts of her size but all the more beautiful for it.

He licked the nipple closest to him and elicited from her a delightful hum of pleasure as it hardened and rose between his lips. Concurrently he brought his hand across and played with the other, having it harden between his fingers. With her head tilted up watching him and his close to her chest, he was acutely aware of the sounds and feel of her breath against his ear and the beating of her heart within her chest. That first time intimacy with the most vital signs of her life gave Ned a sudden sense of her humanity that went beyond even the closest friendship or most empathetic reaction to her. He felt responsible for her; for her happiness and satisfaction.

He was surprised how quickly her rate of breathing rose in response to what he would normally regard as mild foreplay. She groaned in his ear as her head flopped back, her hands coming up to pin his head and hand in place against her chest just as he thought it might have been time to move his attention down her body. 

He swirled the nipple with his tongue inside his mouth, coating it in a flood of saliva to let him momentarily lift his face to let his other hand moisten itself and transfer that wetness to the other nipple. The groaning was becoming louder as she started to writhe under him. It occurred to Ned that unless Issie was in the soundest sleep, she must be able to hear it.

Before Ned could really believe it to be true, he was sure her breathing indicated she was close to climax. Still pinned to her chest, he started rapidly flicking her nipple with his tongue. That did it. With a mournful moan and long sharp outtake of breath, she came, pushing her chest up against him and rocking from side to side.

Ned kept flicking until her orgasm had run its course, then fought the hand holding his until he obtained its release, trailing his fingers down her torso until he came to the waistband of her panties. Damn he thought. She still has her panties on. 

He slipped his fingers inside and traced down to her crease. It was already unfolded for him, wet, with a swollen bud easily located. There was an intense "ooohh" from her and her hips rose anxiously to push against his hand as he first touched it, followed by a harmony of moans and hums as he continued to circle it. But he quickly found the tight panties were restricting his access. They needed to come off.

Taking his hand out, he tugged at them, encouraging her to lift her hips to release them from under her. Then he rose up and pulled them down her cooperatively folded legs until he'd freed her of them; taking a moment to admire the turn of her mons and the sparse, neatly trimmed covering of lightly coloured pubic hair as he did.

Resuming their original positions, Ned kept up the circling of her bud before tracing down her crease to the wet open void of her womanhood, dipping a finger inside to withdraw a flood of wetness and transfer it back to her bud, all the while offering her extra stimulation with his tongue against her nipple.
