 Pacific 2

This is a continuation from my previous "Unexpected Threesome" story; although you shouldn't need to have read that to enjoy this. As I said before, the story was inspired by actual platonic relationships I observed in operation in similar circumstances. You can decide the likelihood of such a mismatched age relationship developing this way. I've had mixed comments on the point made in relation to my last story 

Ned, the owner of a yacht cruising the pacific and now in his 60's, has unexpectedly found himself seduced by his two long term crew -- nubile girls in their late 20's.

As before with these stories, I am indebted to the male friends who have assisted me with relating to the male mind; although maybe this time I'm equally indebted to the two (or was that three) bottles of red wine that loosened lips a bit more than normal.

*****

The walk back to the foreshore after taking Amy and Issie on the shopping trip had been a treat for Ned.

Issie was her usual self, dressed in a tiny pair of shorts and plunging t shirt. But Amy was transformed. Gone was the clothing that made her torso and upper legs nothing more than an amorphous box shape.

Now all she had on was a flattering pair of shorts -- more closely fitted than Issie's but no more generous with its material -- and an equally tiny string tie bikini top. As the girls walked ahead of Ned chatting away he had a completely compelling vista of their arses; perfectly formed, brilliantly framed by their shorts. He could swear Amy was wiggling hers in a way he'd never seen before.

Was she flirting with him or putting herself on public display to get the attention of the abundance of young males floating about the town? If it was the latter, it was working. Many of them, oblivious to Ned's role in their life, greeted the girls as they walked by -- a few even making suggestions ranging from the lewd to the merely suggestive.

Amy seemed to lap it up; at one stage turning around to Ned and winking at him. Still, none of the guys succeeded in stopping them. They may have returned the greetings, even chatted to the guys that turned around and walked alongside trying to divert them from wherever they were going -- or just get some contact details. But as far as Ned could tell from a few steps behind, neither of them had yet arranged a "sleepover" (as Issie had so bluntly put it this morning) nor arranged a rendezvous with them later. 

Half way back to the shore, Issie diverted off to get her hair done as previously arranged. They'd bought the yacht's second mini pram tender ashore with them for her to row herself back out to the yacht later. That just left Amy and Ned returning directly to the yacht; Amy's new bikini top allowing her breasts to bounce impressively and teasingly close to falling out as they motored the inflatable across the lagoon to the yacht.

Almost as soon as they got to the yacht, and without going any further than the open cockpit, and unashamedly in front of Ned, Amy changed into the new bikini bottom that matched the top she was already wearing and dove into the water for a swim. Ned stripped down to the racing brief swimwear he was already wearing under his shorts and quickly followed.

Amy emerged first, Ned following her up the ladder, unable as he did so to resist a good look at her finely sculptured butt, the wet material clinging to it as the waist band sagged enough to reveal a generous length of bum crack.

When Amy pulled her pants up tightly on her body and dried herself off, it seemed to Ned like she was almost flaunting herself at him as they chatted through the drying process. As if bending over forward to droop her breasts across his vision and rubbing her breasts with her towel while tightening up their already tiny covering and repositioning it, almost to the point her prominently raised nipples were exposed, wasn't enough. She then turned around and lifted a leg onto the cockpit seat as she bent down to dry her feet, wiggling her bum in his face as she vigorously dried them.

Then without feel the need to explain herself, Amy laid her towel down across the cabin roof just in front of the companionway and lay face up on it to let the sun complete the drying process. Ned had work to do. Folding his towel up to make a padded seat that would soak the residual wetness out of his swimmers, he set about splicing up a couple of new anchor snubbing lines for the boat.

Ned was usually a breast man. He just found something about a nice display of a female breast -- especially one half falling out of a bikini top -- particularly compelling. Amy's bouncing around on the trip back to the yacht had driven him half to distraction.

Any number of naked or partly naked woman had sunned themselves exactly where Amy was now and it was almost always their breasts that had drawn Ned's eyes. 

But as Amy lay there curved across the top of the cabin, it wasn't her breast display that Ned found difficult to pull his eyes away from; stunning though it was. Even in her pervious granny style bikini it had been obvious to Ned that Amy had a stunningly flat stomach driven by a fit strong core.

A bit like Ned -- but more so -- Amy seemed to be of that genome that can eat what they want and still stay slender; helped no doubt by her natural inclination to participate in strenuous activities. Her body was toned and muscular in a very feminine way.

In the slim black bikini bottom she had on today, lying flat on her back, what attracted Ned's almost obsessive attention was her mons. Neither too pronounced nor too small; neither bulging nor recessive; it was just perfect, a real mons venus, as the front of it formed a continuous straight line down from her stomach, sensuously curving over each side for her naked flesh to emerge from its narrow, filmy bikini covering to merge with her thighs. 

Where the straight line ended, it curved sharply into her crotch. Ned knew from a trip forward to measure the existing lines that the narrow strip of finely woven, tautly stretched material that covered her crotch was bisected by a pronounced crease; distractingly highlighting the presence of her womanhood within.

From where he now sat in the cockpit trying to concentrate on splicing the rope, Ned could see the bikini bridged across her hips, the bright sunlight penetrating the material enough to light up the space within; leaving little to the imagination. 

Amy's skin had always struck Ned as being flawless. The combination of her Mediterranean ancestry and sunless English upbringing had given her a perfect light golden complexion unbroken by freckles, wrinkles or, as far as Ned could tell, any imperfection at all. Now it was laid out in front of him, glowing from the tip of her feet to where her hat covered her face; the latter offering Ned the chance to perve to his heart's content without fear of being caught. Below her hat, her sun bleached honey blonde hair cascaded across the deck.

But always his eyes came back to her mons.

Normally perving at a girl gave Ned the sort of thing he'd described to Amy the night before; a hormonal surge that made him want to talk to the girl -- to chat her up. If it was appropriate, it even gave him the courage to do so; although the fine art of being a guy was correctly deciding if it was appropriate even under the influence of that hormonal surge.

It disturbed Ned that Amy's mons wasn't having that effect on him at all. All it did was make him think of sex; sex with her; nothing more, nothing less. It was like her mons was a lug on a jigsaw piece, just waiting to be fitted into the space between his erection and his torso. It gave him an aching desire to mount her, missionary style, to fit the pieces together.

He wasn't pleased about the effect. It made him feel dirty and naughty. Yes, had the girl lying there been his now departed wife or one of the women of more appropriate age who'd he'd had a fling with during the course of his cruising, he might have gone up, offered her a hand, and led her below for a good fucking. But even though Amy and Issie had just that morning expressed their intention to spend their nights in Ned's bunk, it didn't seem right to do that with Amy. With the age difference, he felt the girls needed to be the instigators of sex. For him to do so just made him feel dirty.

While he might not have been pleased about it, that hadn't stopped his manhood from reflecting his desires. It had grown in his pants to the point it was uncomfortably constrained by the still damp material and pointing in the wrong direction. Ned had needed to stand up and stretch the material out to let it finish growing vertically; glad that Amy's hat had protected her vision from such a blatantly sexual action.

Now it had stretched the material of his swimwear well over the waistband. When he looked down he could see the outline of the bell clearly imprinted on the taut material, fluid seeping through the tip. It was full and hard and aching to be used; in a way that, until the girls had come on to him last night, he had not really known for years.

Despite the distraction and the slowing of the progress of the job that caused, he eventually finished the snubbing lines and got up to take them forward to be fitted to the anchor. He checked to see Amy's hat still completely covered her eyes, since it was impossible to move past her without giving her a full embarrassing profile of his rampant manhood. Completely still, he could only assume she was asleep.

As he moved past her feet, his eyes were drawn to the vista between her comfortably spread legs. Whereas before there had been a single crease running through the swimmer bottoms where they covered her crotch, now there were two pronounced lines, joined by a hollow in the material. He was sure those lines pushed out further than the previous crease had. 

Was she aroused? Was she just enjoying the feeling of the sun warming her pussy? Was she having some sort of erotic dream? None of those thoughts did anything to settle Ned's desire, nor his rampant manhood.

Still, he had a job to do. Moving to the bow, he pulled the anchor in with the electric winch; fiddling with it progressively so that the old snubbing lines could be freed to be replaced with the new ones.

He was nearly finished when he felt the palm of a hand on his back, quickly followed by another coming around his waist and circling his hardened manhood. 

"Hey grandad, won't you get a hernia carrying this around? Shouldn't we do something to cure it?"

The sound of the anchor winch had drowned out whatever feint noise Amy's bare feet had made on the deck as she approached. An indescribable flood of pleasure washed through his cock, causing it to surge in her hand. Still squatting where he was working, he turned toward the voice and found her face close to his. Instantly her spare hand was around the back of his head as she pressed her lips against his; penetrating his mouth.

"Let's slip below and fix this up."

With that Amy stood back up, pulling Ned upright too; if not by the balls then certainly by what grew out of them. Then turning aft, she sashayed along the side deck, clearly wiggling her butt for Ned's pleasure. Climbing below she walked into Ned's stateroom and turned to face him. 

There's some advantage to being the owner of a 48 foot long keeled cruising yacht. The owner's stateroom he'd claimed for himself was no tiny cabin. In a yacht, the size of bed depends on the size of the cabin it fits in, not on some industry standard. Ned's was something bigger than a queen size, with a narrow walkway two thirds the length of one side before tapering to nothing and a moderately sized open space for changing and moving about at the head of the bed.

Compared to the amidships double tiered bunk cabin the girls shared, it was luxury; especially since he had full headroom for two thirds the length of the bunk. 

Now Amy waited in that open space, embracing him as he walked in the cabin. Almost immediately she pulled the drawstring on his swimmers, peeling them off and over the top of his erection and down his legs, while Ned took the hint and pulled the strings on her bikini top. As soon as Amy stood up again, Ned lost no time in dropping to his knees to take down her pants 

There it was. Right in front of his eyes; her mons. He couldn't help himself. His eyes bathed in pleasure as he ran two fingers across the silky smooth surface of her bikini bottoms, then down each leg hem and finally across the narrow strip of the crutch before pushing the soft material into her crease; creating a deep fold. He brought his lips to it, taking as much of the curve of it into his mouth as his jaw could stretch to accommodate, running his tongue through the crease to illicit a moan out of Amy.

It was the surging of his manhood that brought him back to the moment. The lug in the jigsaw piece had found its match and it was anxious to be fitted. He dropped her pants to the floor and stood back up to find Amy with a condom ready in hand to roll on. 

In moments they found themselves lying side by side on the bunk, Amy quickly bringing Ned's manhood into the warm moist void of her body. Instinctively Ned rolled her on top, but just as quickly Amy rolled back off him, making it clear she wanted him on top. 

"This time I want you to pound me. Issie got your seed last time; this time it's all mine."

"After what you told me about Frank, I'm not sure pounding is a word I like to use."

"You know what I mean. I want to feel you come inside me this time and you seem to like doing that on top."

The fact was that Amy had read him like a book on his preferred finishing position. She was also offering what his cock had ached for while she displayed her mons so seductively on the cabin top, even if her body's warm embrace of it now had reduced his sole minded earlier focus. Still, Ned wasn't without conscience.

"What about you?"

"I'm sure you'll see me through one way or another."

It was tempting. Just mount her and go for it. But it wasn't Ned's way.

"Just a sec."

With that, Ned withdrew, kneeling on the bed as he slipped a couple of pillows under Amy's hips as she lay on her back. Then he lay back on top of her, effortlessly reimmersing his manhood in her warm void. 

With Ned taking as much of his weight as he could on his folded under knees, for a while they lay there, one upon the other, kissing and nuzzling. Ned felt he was in heaven; Amy's soft, nubile, ever so feminine body under him, his manhood tightly embraced all the way up in the most wondrous warmth and wetness, uncontrollably surging with pleasure, Amy's hard nipples pushed into his chest where it lay on her firm breasts. As he brushed his nose across her cheek he felt the perfection of her flawless skin, took in the glorious scent of her body; a scent of youth and sexuality. 

Her tongue pushed itself into his mouth, ran across his teeth and then penetrated into the depth of his throat as Amy pushed her body harder against his. Ned was content; in no hurry. But Amy was growing anxious and impatient, her breathing becoming faster. As Ned fingers played with a nipple, Amy started thrusting her mons repeatedly up hard against Ned's pubis.

Ned took the hint, withdrawing enough to come back into her with a slow hard thrust. Amy responded by squirming under him.

This girl was so turned on, so responsive to her erogenous zones, Ned was determined to really make things happen. He withdrew until just the tip of his manhood was still inside her, dropped his hips so that the return thrust was delivered in an upward direction into her raised body and pushed hard; raking the tip of his manhood down the front wall of her vagina. Amy moaned and squirmed under him, tightening herself around his shaft. He repeated the action, each time a little faster, learning to judge his withdrawal so he didn't pull completely out; every time Amy rewarding him with the evidence of her pleasure.

Contorting his body into a single arch from his dropped hips to his neck, Ned brought his face down to her right breast, licked it and sucked her nipple into his mouth just as he delivered another thrust. Putting a hand around his head to hold him there, Amy lifted her whole body against his, signalling her increasing excitement by her steady moans becoming a stream of more urgent short groans.

Ned had the rhythm now. He delivered his upward thrusts at a steady regular pace, all the while swirling her nipple around his mouth with his tongue. Fingering her last night had revealed so much about Amy's sexual responsiveness and now he was using that information to pleasure everything at once. Under him, it was as if Amy was beside herself, squirming and writhing in pleasure, rolling her head from side to side as she vocalised using, almost randomly, the full range of sounds she'd displayed last might.

When her climax came, it was like an explosion. She screamed and threw her whole body up at Ned's seemingly lifting him off the bunk, random noises coalescing into ..

"Oh, my god, oh my god, Ned, aaarrr, oh god yes, yes, oh Ned; pound me, pound me, oh god, oh yes... Ned just pound me..."

The contractions he could feel against his shaft left him in no doubt it was all real.

Normally Ned would wait until the girl's completely finished her climax before seeking his own release, but it was clear Amy was looking for something different even as her climax seemed to go on for ever. Ned reversed the arch of his body; flattening out his hips and lifting himself up on outstretched arms, delivering a long deep thrust that finished with his pubis pushed firmly against her mons. 

Ned liked the on top position for his own finish, but even after the girl had climaxed, he still liked to try and pleasure her. At the top of each thrust he tried to duplicate the sort of pubis against mons mushing that many women seemed to use in the on top position to stimulate themselves. It detracted nothing form his own pleasure -- often even felt good in that it produced a really deep penetration. Most of the time he didn't really know whether it was working or not and in any case he climaxed before the girl had another orgasm. Other times it worked a treat.

This was one of those other times.

Amy had been still writhing from her climax when Ned delivered the first deep thrust and mush. It had just seemed to Ned like that climax was going on forever, but with Amy's hands pulling his bum cheeks firmly up, it was obvious she wanted him to start.  

Her first reaction to the contact had been such a sharp intake of breath that Ned was concerned it had hurt her. But that was immediately followed by her lifting her hips, and as she held him into her with those same hands on his bum, grinding her mons against him as she closed her eyes and groaned again. It was a momentary reaction that barely disturbed his rhythm, but it gave Ned the message he was doing it right and the motivation to continue.

As he looked down from his outstretched arms, Ned was in no doubt why this was his favourite position. Laid out under him was Amy's perfect youthful body. Her beautiful breasts --capped by those flawless, glowing bronze, and now very aroused nipples -- wobbled as she almost rag dolled under his thrusting. If he bent his head down, he could look down between their bodies; following the line of her slender hips, over the irresistible sexuality of her mons Venus, and see the base of his shaft pull out from her before their bodies again merged completely. 

Amy's face was a picture of sexual arousal and pleasure; eyes closed, her soft mouth forming a circle around her increasingly louder and more desperate groans. Her head lolled periodically from side to side. And then she would open her eyes, look up at him and flash him a momentary smile before the next thrust would drive her back into her closed eyed ecstasy.
