 [This is a continuation from my previous "Unexpected Threesome" stories; although you shouldn't need to have read them to enjoy this. As I said before, the story was inspired by actual platonic relationships I observed in operation in similar circumstances. You can decide the likelihood of such a mismatched age relationship developing this way. I've had interesting if mixed comments on the point made in relation to my previous stories. 

Ned, the owner of a yacht cruising the pacific and now in his early 60's, has unexpectedly found himself seduced by his two long term crew – nubile girls in their late 20's.

As before with these stories, I am indebted to the male friends who have assisted me with relating to the male mind and body; and the red wine that made the conversation flow and loosened lips a bit more than normal. Mind you the internet can be good for researching this stuff too.] 

*****

The week following their first falling into bed together passed quickly enough.

Ned felt that the mood on the boat had changed; changed for the better, even though it had been pretty good before. It had always been light and humourous, but the need to respect the girls' personal space had meant there was always an air of formality about it; standing back in a tight companionway to let them pass through without contact, avoiding touching even when nothing more than their mere humanity made Ned feel as though some sort of non-sexual contact was called for. And that formality had created a boundary between them.

Sure, Issie had always pushed the boundaries with her flirting, but there had still been fuzzy, unwritten rules that applied to keep them separate as humans.

Now that was all largely brushed aside. But the effect was as much mental as physical and went way beyond sexuality. It was as if, for the time being, they had become one. Ned had trouble putting a finger on it, but simply by being allowed to touch them, he felt a degree of closeness to and empathy with them that just hadn't been possible before. Maybe more like a hunter gatherer tribe might have been like.

It wasn't a possessive love – Ned knew that the age difference meant that was impossible and guarded himself against such feelings. It was more a family love, one that was willing to grant space for the other to live and let go when the time came to do so.

But Ned felt it had a wonderful effect on him. The hormonal boost the new arrangements gave him made him feel years younger and restored a degree of sexual performance that had started to wane. He still couldn't perform anything like a 40 year old, but his aroused manhood felt harder, fuller, larger and more sensitive than it had in years. Whether it was in his mind or reflected in what was on display he didn't really know – or even care that much - but it now seemed to reach up as if it wanted to touch his navel in a way he hadn't for some time. And it seemed to last longer too. 

After the initial flurry of sexual demands that seemed to threaten to drive Ned into an early exhausted grave, things settled down a little. The girls seemed to initiate a group sex encounter with him every morning. Ned noted that, however things progressed, the girls seemed to intuitively organise it so that he ended being pulled onto one of them to pound himself to his own release on alternative mornings. There was nothing said; it just seemed like more of an understanding between them that who he ejaculated into wasn't irrelevant and was something to be shared.

What really blew Ned's mind about these is the way the girls were multi-orgasmic. For him sex had always been about trying your best to give a woman an orgasm before taking your own; with there being no certainty you'd succeed in the former objective however hard you tried. As he'd got older and his erections less dependable it had become a major issue when he'd perceived he wasn't going to get there with a woman. That very doubt would play on his mind and blow away his arousal. What's more the worry created in his mind by that history of failure would then sabotage his next interaction with the woman. It was too easy for failure to become self-fulfilling.

It was better if the woman liked being fingered or could be brought to orgasm in a way that didn't rely on a rock hard shaft; that gave him a work around. But not all woman would allow that; least of all his late wife.

So to have laid out under him not just one, but two women who weren't that hard to bring to their first orgasm, who moaned, groaned and writhed about all the way there and who then seemed to be set up for readily delivered additional ones had a more powerful effect on him than any pill was ever likely to achieve.

Better still, they were open to multiple ways of getting them there. Goodness, he could even bring Amy to orgasm just by licking her nipples for long enough.

The girls still cuddled intimately into him each night; especially Issie, who seemed to like sleeping in full contact – nipples to his chest and crotch against his hardness whenever they were face to face. And neither was scared about going in for a grope on his manhood in the middle of the night, without intending to follow through on it. Between the naked, nubile bodies laid out for his viewing either side of him and their tendency to just wrap their soft, slender fingers around his manhood in the middle of the night to feel him up, his nights seemed to pass in an aroused wakefulness. Somewhere he must have been getting his quota of sleep, but he wasn't sure where. It was all a rather novel experience for Ned whose past history was with women who liked their personal space respected while they were asleep.

He also noticed that they were becoming more sexually intimate with each other. Their initial playing with the other's nipples to make up for Ned's lack of hands and other body parts to deal with everything at once had progressed to brief playful fingering too. It still left Ned to do the job of bringing them to a climax, but filled in for any lack of attention that dealing with two girls at once resulted in.

And of course there had been the day Amy had gone ashore for provisions, leaving Issie to have him to herself.

It was a bizarre morning. Yes, they'd shared their usual group encounter. But everyone knew – Amy, Issie and Ned – exactly what was going to happen the moment Amy was gone. Issie had been flaunting herself at him all morning; running around topless, brushing her tits across his face as he sat at the dining table and rubbing her crotch against him as they passed in the narrow confines of the cabin. 

As the three of them had sat at the breakfast table having a perfectly ordinary conversation, Issie had been sitting next to him feeling up his cock. Basically, she'd made sure Ned had a hard-on from the moment they'd got up.

It was like she just couldn't wait.

Ned didn't know whether to be bemused or offended; although bemusement was much closer to the mark. He felt like a piece of meat being tenderised for consumption. It seemed like Issie was on heat and wasn't afraid to show it.

Ned had always been in the habit of helping the girls into the tender and casting it off for them. It wasn't meant to be patronising or anything like that. He was simply of the generation that opened car doors for women and this was a bit of a continuation of old habits.

On that morning he'd followed Amy up the companionway to help her into the inflatable. It was almost the only moment since he'd got out of bed that morning that Issie hadn't been there groping him; although only having just left from where she'd been playing with it at the dining table, there was still a pretty strong residual erection pushing up vertically in Ned's swimwear. 

Ned didn't think much about whether the interlude from Issie's constant attentions would give his erection a chance to subside, even for just a moment. He had long since given up being embarrassed by such an obvious display, even on deck. But as it turned out, it was not to be the case.

As he followed Amy up the companionway steps he couldn't help but reflect on the change in the way she dressed since the evening that started this whole affair and the subsequent shopping trip. For the trip ashore she was wearing nothing more than a tiny little bodycon skirt and a bikini top; not that out of place in the harbour front markets of Papeete at this time of year, but distracting enough to Ned.

Now as her butt was at his eye level as she crested the top of the steps, he couldn't help but admire the way the skirt moulded to her bottom; highlighting the point of departure of the long slender legs that emerged from the lower hem of the garment. A VPL outlined her panties; low slung hipsters with a Brazilian cut at the rear. Dancing just above the waist hem was the dangling lose end of the string tie of her bikini top; teasing Ned with the knowledge that a single pull would release the knot that hid those lovely perky breasts of hers from his view.

But once they got onto the swim platform at the stern of the boat and she turned towards him, that was far from the end of his distractions. The bikini top itself had been a constant attention grabber all morning; the small triangles showing a large arc of cleavage on the inner side of each breast, the buttons of her nipples pushing out the material tempting close to the hem. Ned was always fascinated by the fact that even though he'd been staring at those naked breasts all night, it was almost more arousing to see them partially covered in this teasing manner.

In an unusual move just before stepping into the boat, Amy had put her arms around his neck and kissed him. She broke away for a moment to mutter...

"Have a good morning with Issie."

Then her face was pressed against his again; her body quickly moving into a full contact frontal embrace. The next thing Ned had known was Amy had stood on the very tips of her toes and part lifted, part thrown her crotch up over the tip of Ned's manhood, slipping it under the hem of her mini skirt and spearing it into her panties which Ned could feel fold into her crease under the pressure.

Her toes barely able to touch the deck, her full weight was supported by Ned's hands under the cheeks of her bottom and the pressure of his manhood spearing into her crease. Even as he held her there, he could feel his body trying to complete the engorgement of his manhood as it fought the force bearing down on it. 

For a moment she rocked back and forwards, exploring the back of his mouth with her tongue. Then she dismounted, pulling his erection out horizontal before releasing it from her crotch. With a peck on his cheek and a slide of her hand across the length of his manhood, she turned wordlessly and climbed into the boat.

Ned stood there waiting and watching as she started the engine, more than entertained by the display of her panties as she spread her legs apart for balance and bent over the motor to start it. The prominent bulge of her mons in her thigh gap bisected by the fold of damp stained material forced into her crease by their embrace was all too obvious; the brightness of their fire engine red colour reminding him of nothing less than a baboon putting on a sexual display. Then he tossed her the loose end of the painter as she put the motor into gear to motor away.

He looked down to where the tip of his hardness had stretched out the material of his racing briefs. A dark, shiny, heavily damp stain surrounded it. Whether it was his pre-cum or her juices he didn't know or care. It had been a long time since he'd had a farewell like that; and Amy was only going to be gone for a few hours. In the back of his mind was a feint unease. Amy knew she was vacating the boat to give Issie a free go at Ned. Was what she did some act of jealousy? Maybe a sort of marking of Ned with her scent? Ned just hoped it wasn't a mark of underlying problems with the way things had worked out.

It was only then he looked up to see the woman in the yacht moored a couple of hundred metres to starboard of them staring across at him; no doubt having witnessed the whole thing. Ned swimwear sheathed erection would have been standing in full profile for her. There was little he could do except wave at her and retreat below with as much dignity and confidence as he could. What she'd heard and seen over the last few days, even before that scene, could have left her in little doubt Ned was in a heavily sexual relationship with two girls half his age. She could think what she liked. 

As Ned entered the cabin he heard Issie seductively calling him from the master cabin. He entered it to find her naked, sprawled, legs apart, crotch towards him on the bunk; her arousal visually obvious. When Ned reached the head of the bunk, she'd sat up and reached forward, circling his manhood with her fingers before peeling his pants from it. Ned felt a moment of embarrassment as a string of pre-cum stretched between the pants and the tip of his erection, but if Issie noticed, she didn't care. In moments his pants were down his legs where they dropped to the floor. Then with an expertise born of practice she sheathed him in a pre-opened condom before flopping back arms spread wide with a theatrical...

"Take me Ned."

There was no way Ned could approach her except by kneeling between her legs and laying down on her body with his hardness thrust up against her crotch. Ned was one to take his time with foreplay, but Issie was having none of it. Immediately, she squirmed to bring the tip of Ned's manhood up against the warm void of her sex and by a combination of her pushing down and at the same time pulling him up against her, soon had him fully penetrated; breathing a deep, audible sigh of pleasure into his mouth as she did so. 

But her words of 'take me' weren't entirely what she had in mind. After holding him on top pashing for a few minutes, she rolled him over, bring herself uppermost before sitting up on him.

The next two hours had been little less than a sexual feast for Issie during which she'd devoured six orgasms for herself. There was little Ned could do about the extended refractory period of a male in his 60's, so he'd only cum twice, but that hadn't bothered Issie. She just used what she had to the best effect.

Riding him cowgirl style to her first had been conventional enough. So was the second she'd had after pulling Ned on top so he could rake her g spot with his hardness. With that he'd granted himself a licence to seek his own climax, substituting deep long thrusts for the short jabbing ones he'd been using on Issie's g spot. They felt good, great even; all the more so because as he supported himself on outstretched arms he got to look down on the young, nubile, female body laid out under him. As his manhood started to become exquisitely sensitive and pleasurable as it does in that few moments before a climax Ned had unleashed his inner animal on her; pounding her hard and fast. Excited by that, Issie desperately strove for a quick third, but Ned had collapsed down spent on her before she'd got there.

Issue was not to be denied. Once Ned was finished, she'd rolled him over on his back and completed her third riding cowgirl style while rubbing herself up and down on Ned's flaccid cock. That Ned considered a bit more unusual. Unable to respond to her stimulation his manhood had just flopped back and forward with her movements. Although usually indifferent to such things, in this case Ned had been pleased that Issie was lazered clean down there; otherwise the whole thing could have been a bit abrasive. As it was, with her juices flowing copiously, it felt rather nice.

Then as she lay half over him recovering her spent energy, Ned had found himself fingering her to her fourth while sucking her nipples. The expression "found himself" was deliberate. One minute they had been chatting, the next it had become clear that's what Issie had wanted, and Ned, in hindsight, couldn't exactly remember how the transition had occurred. All he knew was he hadn't initiated it.

As best as he could remember it, Issie had started rubbing herself up and down on his thigh and then rolled herself on her back, pulling his hand in to her as she did. But it was all a bit fuzzy.

Her last two had occurred after Ned had recovered his hardness. Stacking pillows under her bum, she'd pulled him on top to hammer at her g spot with his manhood again; controlling his depth of penetration with the hands she'd held on his hips. It felt nice to Ned, good enough to keep him at peak arousal, but not so good as to drive him to a premature ejaculation. His biggest issue had been stamina. It was hard work and he wasn't as fit as he needed to be for that sort of performance.

But eventually his hardness had sensitised in a rather demanding way. Whatever Issie's hands had been suggesting, it wanted something else, and after a couple of deep thrusts he'd come with a bellowing grunt.

On the first night of their new sleeping arrangement, Ned had worried about the period it took to bring Issie to orgasm because of his own member's tendency to go limp where a woman just didn't seem to be getting there. As it turned out, his concern was premature. Whatever had held Issie back that first night had disappeared. She might not have been quite as demonstrative in her response as Amy, but she had a young woman's enthusiasm for good sex and knew how to get it. And now she no longer felt the need to suppress her vocalisation of her arousal, Ned had good feedback on where she was. But best of all, once she had her first climax, it seemed a lot easier for her to have subsequent ones. 

In those two hours it seemed to Ned afterwards as if he'd experienced Issie in an almost constant state of sexually excited writhing and moaning; something that made Ned feel a stirring in his loins, as if they were pumping out hormones into his body even when his manhood was as limp as soggy lettuce.

The little vignette with Amy's departure had just been a visual preview. The lady in the yacht out to starboard had certainly heard a good performance from Issie that morning too.

But even as the time was passing, it struck Ned that there was something more about Issie in those two hours. She seemed to Ned to be after more than just sex and orgasms. What she really seemed to want to pull out of him was affection. That wasn't hard. Ned had always had a soft spot for her. 

Within their two hours of sex play she included long tender moments where her greatest desire just seemed to be cuddled and to talk intimately with him. Ned had discovered far more about Issie's background and inner thoughts in those two hours than he had in the previous year and a half she had been on the boat.

Ned had been cautious about imposing long kissing sessions on the girls. As much as he liked kissing, he was concerned they might find the old weather beaten skin of his face being forced against their young tender one rather gross. Issie showed no such inhibitions. As she lay upon Ned, holding him tightly, she pashed him furiously; deep penetrating kisses interspersed with playful pecking and lip sucking.

As she had, towards the end, rested on top of him nuzzled in against his chest, with his hands stroking her hair, Ned had wondered if Issie wasn't becoming too emotionally engaged. It wasn't that he was scared of commitment or emotional connection himself. It was just that he couldn't see it as being in the interests of a young woman to attach herself too firmly to someone his age; even less so when it was part of a threesome. If the girls wanted to use him for sex and companionship as they cruised the pacific, that was fine. But Ned knew in the longer term they needed to dump him and find someone more their own age.

Issie had finally broached the issue.
