 On the second night of their new sleeping arrangements on the yacht, the girls settled down either side of Ned without making any more sexual demands on him. Each just cuddled into him and kissed him goodnight; full length kisses against their naked bodies that left his erection weeping pre-cum into their stomachs.

Ned was relieved. The five climaxes they'd given him in the previous 24 hours was by far and away a new lifetime record for him. He wasn't complaining. It had all been wonderful. But he wasn't sure he was up for more just yet.

In the tropical air of Papeete the top hatch and both the side windows of Ned's cabin - one into the cockpit, the other facing the side deck - were fully open, mosquito screens in place. But even so there hadn't been enough air flow to cool the three bodies in the room, so Ned had turned on the fan; directing its flow across their bodies; bedsheets thrown off and otherwise completely naked.

As the girls seemed to drift off to sleep Ned found himself still awake. He never could sleep on his back; he'd snore like a buzzsaw and choke with his mild sleep apnoea. That meant he spent his nights on his side; turning from time to time as parts of his body complained about a lack of blood flow or otherwise about taking the weight for too long.

Now whichever way he turned he had a naked young woman laid out next to him.

Amy was on his left; closed into the bunk between Ned and the cockpit moulding that formed that side of his cabin. Seemingly asleep on her back, Ned had a perfect vista of her body as he lay, eyes open, beside her.

Physically she represented something close to Ned's idea of female physical perfection. Her gentle, kind face and cascade of honey, sun bleached hair capped a genetically slim body covered in absolutely flawless, lightly olive skin. The breasts that rose perkily up from her chest struck him as being just right for her figure. Probably a generous b cup as far as he could tell, they gave her a wondrously feminine figure without looking distorted or unnatural.

Upon them perched the most beautiful nipples Ned had ever thought he'd seen. The diameter of the areola and nipple was larger relative to her breasts than he considered normal. That wasn't always a good thing; usually not. In his very limited experience, large nipples often had excessively dark or uneven pigmentation and rough surfaces. Not Amy's. The areola and nipple were a uniform golden brown colour, about four shades darker than her skin. Even raised, as they were by the fan blowing across them, their surface was as finely sculptured as the rest of her body; only as much texturing as was necessary for them to perform their proper function. 

As he scanned down her body his eyes crossed the table top flat surface of her stomach, loitered momentarily on the purity of her navel before progressing to her mons, framed as it was by the corners of her hip bone which rose seductively up either side of it. Even from this acute angle, even in its complete nakedness without the bikini bottoms that had teasingly covered it during the day, the mere sight of it drove Ned to a distracted frustration.

Nearly 30, Amy still often had to show ID to prove she was over 18 to get into bars and pubs. Even then, in poor light, she was sometimes challenged for the ID being fake. Lying relaxed and asleep as she was only compounded the effect. She looked every bit of 10 years younger than she was; probably more than that if Ned was being honest with himself. But an acknowledgement of that would drive her apparent age below a number Ned's already stretched conscience could deal with.

The one salvation was her mons. It was the goldilocks of mons's; neither too large nor too small. It dangled in front of him the reality of the ripeness and maturity of her womanhood, presenting a sharp, well defined turn into the playground of her crotch. Sometime during the day Amy had shaved the sparse pubic hair that covered it down to a thin landing strip to better accommodate the smallness of her new bikinis. Now that landing strip just seemed like a pointer; a sign inviting his attention to what lay below.

Until last night he thought he had known Amy. Self-assured, determined, resilient, physically brave and active but never the less shy by nature and reserved about displaying her physical self. Then his view of her had been blown up. Suddenly he'd uncovered vulnerabilities at the same time she'd cast off much of her previous reticence and shyness about how she presented herself to the world.

He'd liked and had grown fond of the old Amy in the eleven months they'd spent together at sea; probably liked the new one even more. But the change had left him cautious in his approach to her; unwilling to take any risks about exploiting or aggravating her vulnerabilities until he understood them better. More than anything else he felt a fond protectiveness towards her. It was why she had to be the one to instigate sexual encounters even as her body drove him crazy in frustration.

Ned drifted off to an aroused sleep; waking sometime later to an arm complaining about a lack of blood flow. Amy was still laid out on her back next to him.

He shuffled the arm, repositioning it to take less weight. It seemed Amy must have been drowsing too, because the hand that lay under the projection of Ned's hardened manhood shuffled, came into contact with it and wrapped its slender fingers sensuously around it. Ned had neither the time nor the will power to suppress the prolonged pleasurable surge that induced in it.

But Amy's hand stayed still. She didn't jerk it, nor did Ned thrust into it. It suited Ned to treat it as a mere embrace, not an invitation.

Sure, if in some parallel universe he'd been able, without obligation, consideration or conscience, to jump aboard and plunge into her for a relieving quickie, he might have been quite happy to. But that wasn't his universe. If something started he'd need to bring two women to their climaxes before taking his own. Most of the time that would be a dream; but right now, after the last 24 hours, that wasn't what Ned wanted or needed.

Instead he merely reciprocated by putting his arm across her lower chest where his forearm brushed against the breast nearest him while his hand covered the lower half of the orb of the furthest one; being careful not to touch up her nipple.

For maybe 15 minutes they lay like that until Amy's hand slid gently off it back to its resting place on the bunk cushion. Ned stroked his hand lightly in an arc across her stomach as he withdrew his own, surrendering to the need to roll over to relieve the complaints of his lower arm.

There he found Issie, asleep on her side facing him.

In any other company, maybe even for any other man, Issie too would be an outstanding beauty; probably the outstanding beauty. It was really only Ned's genotype preference that changed the picture.

Built on a broader frame than Amy, she shared with Amy the olive skin of her ancestry, although Issie's was more lived in; freckle faced and not as perfect in the body. Issie's body also shared an impressive natural fitness and core strength that came from her active lifestyle. Her breasts had the large base diameter that matched her frame, but their projection was less than might have been expected to fully balance her figure.

If Amy's face might be described as cute, Issie's was undeniably sultry. There was something about it that oozed sexuality in a way that perfectly matched her personality; challenging, dinner plate sized eyes and a strong confident jaw line. There was no doubt Issie went through life confidently flaunting herself. As Ned cast back to the episode that had started the new definition of his relationship with these two women, he reflected that Amy was always destined to be the ignored one as they walked through Papeete. Issie just seemed to be able to have men dangling along behind her without even trying and equally able to cast them off with the wave of her hand without repercussions.

Her confidence morphed into other aspects of her life. There were times Ned wondered who was really in control of the yacht; Issie never being frightened to make her view on matters clear. It was not in a bossy or unreasonable way, just in a way that almost inevitable meant her view was followed. The whole episode Ned and she had shared off the transom of the boat during the day had said it all; even down to demanding they all get tested for STI's so they can forego condoms.

It amused him that during their time together she had picked up many aspects of the Australian vernacular, and something of their national self-depreciating sense of humour, and now delivered it back to him with her characteristic residual Italian accent. 

She had been with the boat for 16 months now. Even before the epiphany of the last 24 hours Ned had regarded her as a good friend despite their age differences; perhaps the best he had. And he hoped she felt the same way. She had never been shy about flirting with him, nor he with her in response and the mere fact she was willing to do so had done wonders for his self-esteem. But he'd always taken it as a somewhat harmless interaction; almost an act of kindness towards him on her part and certainly not something to be acted upon given their age difference.

They'd each seen the other have lovers come and go off the boat during their shared time on it. Issie's description of Louise as that "busty platinum haired tart" to a certain extent reflected a degree of friction that had existed between them; but not one Ned had put down to any jealously on Issie's part - at least not sexual jealously anyway. True, Issie had not actually stopped flirting with him while Louise was aboard - something that had got up Louise's nose. But Issie also had a lover on the boat during that period, so to Ned it had just seemed as a manifestation of their friendship. But now he wondered.

He knew he had to tread carefully in how he shared himself between the girls. Issie had detected Ned's obsession with Amy's body and the last thing he wanted to do was lose Issie's affection because of it. Issie might have had a robust self-confidence, but there was a limit to everything.

Still, while he was laying there awake, he derived nearly as much pleasure scanning along Issie's naked body as he did Amy's. Her face was mere inches from his and his affection for her made it difficult not to lean in and kiss it even as his eyes came to rest on her jutting nipples almost touching his chest.

He'd blithely assumed she was sound asleep, leaving him free to perve to his heart's content. That assumption was challenged when she shuffled her body towards him to close the gap, leaving her nipple resting lightly on his chest and her mons pushed firmly against the projecting base of his hardened manhood; the tip of it pushed into the soft flesh of her stomach as her arm came over to circle the small of his back. He responded by putting him arm over her hips, a hand resting pleasurably on her butt cheek.

But like Amy earlier in the night, it seemed Issie merely wanted a cuddle, not to start something, and Ned was happy to leave it at that; letting himself drift off back to sleep even as he wondered if he couldn't detect just the slightest hint of movement by Issie of her crotch against his manhood.

He awoke with the dawn to find himself still cuddled firmly against Issie; the arm taking the weight of his body screaming to be relieved. Gingerly he lifted Issie's arm where it crossed his body and rolled onto his back; being careful to roll slowly enough that he didn't crash down onto Amy in the process. Then he gently laid Issie's arm back across his stomach.

Ned was an earlier riser than the girls and one of the things he hadn't yet worked out was how to extract himself from between them without disturbing them. So he elected to continue to drowse on his back between them.

It soon became clear the girls weren't entirely asleep; even if they were unwilling to surrender to wakefulness. Shortly after he'd rolled onto his back, Issie shuffled to close the little gap between their bodies that had created; lifting her leg lightly across the edge of his thigh as her breasts straddled the arm that lay along his side. Concurrently her hand slipped down his stomach and wrapped itself around the base of his morning glory; although given the perpetual intimate contact he'd had with the girls through the night, whether his hardness was caused by sleep or that contact was open for debate. 

Like Amy earlier in the night, although it momentarily surged powerfully to her touch in a way Ned was unwilling to control, as it settled back Issie made no move to stimulate it further. Ned sort of reciprocated by bending the back of his hand awkwardly into her crotch; about the best he could achieve given how hemmed in his hand was and how tightly her crotch pushed against his thigh. It was clear to Ned Issie was as aroused as he was. Even the back of his hand could feel that her crease was spread open and damp to the point of being wet. It sort of confirmed Ned's feeling that Issie had been stimulating herself by subtly circling her hip - first against his cock when they were face to face and then against his thigh.

Ned was trying to work out what, if anything, he should do when Amy shuffled in from the other side; mirroring Issie by pressing her breasts close against Ned's arm, her leg over his thigh and her hand around the remaining top half of his fully extended manhood. With a bit more warning of her approach, Ned at least had time to twist his arm so that it was the palm of his hand that he was able to curve around into her crutch. Unlike Issie, it seemed to Ned that Amy wasn't particularly aroused. The lips of her crease felt closed together and as he gently pushed a finger between them, she felt dry.

For a while, that's how they continued to lay. For all Ned knew the girls had fallen back into sleep, only the gentle rise and fall of their breaths giving life to their still bodies; although he thought his fingers did detect a growing arousal through Amy's crotch and the fact Issie was ever so subtly still circling her bud on his fingers and thigh. Ned revelled in their embrace. His manhood was hardened and stretched beyond belief; bringing back memories of the virility of his youth. While at one level it craved release, he wanted to do nothing to induce them to simply take their hands away nor to discourage them from repeating the process on future mornings.

It was Amy who, after a while, broke the mutual pretence of slumber. She slipped the thumb that had capped her grip on his manhood across the bell, smearing the pre-cum that had been copiously oozing from it down the sides, lifting her fingers momentarily to smear it under them too. Then her thumb scooped up more of the stuff that had dripped down onto Ned's stomach and repeated the smearing process.

Now lubricated, her hand slowly and gently stimulated Ned's hardness; at first just moving the top couple of fingers across the top and along so much of the side as was available to them and then lightly jerking him. If Issie didn't detect the subtle movement of Amy's hand, she certainly must have felt Ned's hardness suddenly start to surge uncontrollable in her grip.

When Amy started doing this Ned responded by moving the finger resting in her crease. The movement quickly disclosed that, not only had she become aroused and moist, but her bud had engorged and could be readily felt. As he first slid a finger across it, Amy gave a moan of delight.

Issie hadn't been slow to pick up on what was occurring and started to match Amy in her jerking of Ned's manhood; synchronising timing with Amy. Now it was Ned pushing his head back into the pillow and groaning.

Ned quickly realised his backhanded feeling up of Issie wasn't going to cut it. Withdrawing, he twisted his arm around and slid a bent finger back into her crease, eliciting a mewing hum of pleasure from her as he found the right spot.

While Ned was enjoying what the girls were doing to him, and from the noises they were making, the pleasure was mutual, his hands were cramping up from being twisted around. He also knew he was in danger of cumming prematurely; he'd never really had good endurance when he had morning sex based on a night erection.

Releasing his own hands from their warm, moist embrace, he took each of the girls hands off his manhood and gave it a kiss; quickly setting them aside. Then he sat up, turned around and knelt between the girls at their thigh level, inducing them to turn onto their backs.

In this position he could insert two fingers into each of the girl's womanhood to rake against her g spot while circling her bud with his thumb. Better still, it gave him the most beautiful view of what he was doing to them and how their bodies were responding in return, even if the girls were left momentarily unable to stimulate him. 

Shaved clean, and with the flower of her crease more open, Ned watched as his fingers penetrated in and out of Issie's sex, coated in her juices which seemed to flow like honey. The dark cavern of her sex was wide open; almost inviting a third finger. If he lifted his thumb momentarily, he had a perfect view of her engorged bud, the hood drawn back; ripe in every sense of the word. She was rocking her hips to his movements; magnifying their effect as she groaned out her pleasure.

It seemed to Ned that Issie had stimulated herself well along the path to orgasm even before Ned had started fingering her.

The view he had of Amy was more circumscribed by the flesh of her swollen labia. The thumb circling her bud was almost buried in the fold of her mound and, while he could view her sex by spreading apart the fingers that penetrated it, it pressed in closely against them. Still, as she became more and more aroused her whole flower opened up further, revealing more of what lay within.

He wondered if he'd lost Issie's momentum when he saw her hands over her head fiddling with something on the side board above the bunk. Then he saw Issie had grabbed a condom and opened the packet. Still moaning, she sat up, sheathed Ned in it and collapsed back flat onto the bunk.

Even as she lay gently writhing on her back staring up at Ned, Issie's hand moved to bridge the gap between herself and Amy. Locating the side of her chest, she felt out the path to Amy's breast and started playing with her nipple; quickly raising it to a jutting hardness. Crossing over the top of Issie's outstretched arm, Amy willingly returned the favour.

It was clear to Ned that Issie was getting close to coming. Her breathing was fast and heavy, her moaning louder and less controlled. Her hips continued to rise and fall to his own actions giving Ned a good idea of the rate a firmness of the fingering of her that she desired.

Amy, in her usual way, was becoming more and more demonstrative in her reaction to her increasing arousal; writhing around and vocalising. But it was Issie who held Ned's attention. She wasn't really, as she claimed, a full on screamer. But she was putting on an impressive display of a woman very near to climax.

With two sharp intakes of breath, she crossed the threshold. It seemed to Ned as he looked benevolently down on her, not so much an explosion, as an infusion of intense pleasure that quickly flowed through her whole body. Her hips rose impressively and swayed from side to side as she buried her head back into the mattress and expelled a long, slow but loud 'aaarrrrrrrrrrrr'.

Ned withdrew his hand, letting the climax take its course until she settled motionless back onto the bunk.

He was just starting to turn his full attention to Amy when he noticed Issie rise onto her knees. Grinning at him, she crawled towards him. Then, being careful not to interfere with the arm whose fingers were still buried deep inside Amy's womanhood, Issie wove her legs around Ned's hip to let her sit on the lap that Ned's kneeling position presented to her.
