 This is another of those stories where I've lost the one's I wrote to this person prior. Lina is a full-bodied young thing with amazing curves and Justina is her petite friend.

*****

I arrive at the apartment, at the address that you have given me. I check the message on my phone to make sure I've got it right before I knock.

No sooner have a knocked when the door opens. Standing there is someone I don't really recognise, though she *is* a little familiar-looking. She's petite, straight hair, wearing a black singlet-top and a denim skirt with stockings (how's that for instant detail?).

"Umm, I'm here to see Lina," I say, a bit of a question-mark in my intonation.

"ooo, you must be Giles!" she says, a cheeky smile on her face, "I'm Justina. Come in."

She stands aside so I can enter the small but tidy apartment. She takes my hand and leads me in "come in, come in," she says, "take a seat." motioning towards the sofa.

"Can I get you a Coke?" she asks.

"Umm yeah," I reply "sure."

I sit down on the sofa and await this new girl's return. She comes back in from the kitchen area pretty quickly, an icy can of Coke in each hand, and sits down on the sofa next to me, a little closer than I had anticipated. She hands me a can then opens hers and takes a sip.

"So, how do you know Lina?" she asks, after a sip of Coke, sliding her hand down onto my knee.

As she leans forward to put her can down on the coffee table I say "Well, we kind of met by accident, when I was looking for a friend's hotel room and knocked on the wrong door."

She sits back in the sofa, turning her body to face me. She props her right elbow up on the back of the sofa and rests her cheek in her hand, saying "well, from the stories that Lina has told me, it turned out to be a lucky accident."

Then, sliding her left hand inside my knee, she moves in very close to my ear and whispers, as her hand slides up my inner thigh and whispers "You know, you and I just met by accident too."

I'm starting to like Justina already!

As she slides her hand right up my leg until the back of it is pressing against my denim-clad cock, I turn to her, grab the back of her head and pull her lips to mine. Our mouths open and our tongues meet, then delve deep into each other's mouths, twirling and wrestling as I slide a hand up to her petite tits. No. Not petite. They are a good size for such a little girl. And firm.

By now she is massaging my growing cock through my jeans and I am really wanting her. I turn and lift her by her thighs and help her to straddle me. She drops in my lap, her thighs either side of mine and lowers her face to mine once more for more tongue-kissing.

She grips my head firmly, both hands behind my ears and attacks my mouth greedily, hungrily, our tongues wrestling like two prize fighters. Somewhat hesitantly, I have my hands on her waist, under her top, but as she grinds down on my hard cock, I feel the warmth of her vagina on me. I slide one hand down her back, over her denim skirt, between her butt cheeks. I reach the hem of her skirt and slide my hand between her thighs, so I can feel that warmth of her pussy on my fingers.

My cock is now rock-hard and I push it rhythmically up to meet her pussy as we continue to tongue-wrestle. I push my fingers deeper, massaging her vagina through her thick, black pantyhose. "What is it with you German girls?" I think to myself, "Surely I'm not that irresistible."

"ah, who am I kidding," I laugh to myself, and let my thoughts drift back to the hottie grinding on my cock.

Neither of us hears the door open and close, as we are so into each other's bodies. My free hand is sliding all over her now - up under her top on her bra, down her stomach, all over her back.

Then suddenly we hear "Ahem!" and Justina jumps off of me, slumping on the sofa next to me. You are standing there in front of us, arms crossed, a stern look on your face.

"Lina! I... ummm... we were..." I am flustered, wondering how I am going to explain this. Justina, way down low on the sofa, seems to just think it's funny.

There is a moment of silent awkwardness as you stand there in front of us, arms crossed and tapping your foot. But then Justina stands up and walks over behind you. She puts her arms around your waste. You drop your arms by your side and then Justina moves her hands up and takes a firm grip on each of your gorgeous tits.

"You want some of this, don't you, Giles?" she says.

I turn my head and look at you sideways. You are smiling now. "Umm, yes, of course I do," I say.

Then Justina moves her hands up to the shoulder straps of your singlet-top and pulls them down your arms, revealing those gorgeous tits.

"Well, they're all yours," she says.

With that, you come over to me, straddle my hips, take my head in your hands and pull them towards your tits. I consume them greedily, sucking, licking, biting at your tits and your nipples. You writhe on my crotch, pushing your already-hot pussy hard against my hard cock. I am in ecstasy as I eat those gorgeous, soft orbs of flesh.

Justina sits down beside us as you throw your head back, holding my head tight to your chest and wriggling on top of my cock.

After a while you turn your head to see Justina. She has one leg outstretched in front of her, the other leg bent at the knee, her foot on the sofa. She has her hand under her denim skirt, stroking that warm pussy through the crotch of her pantyhose.

You say "Aww, Justina's feeling left-out." and, with that, you climb off of me.

You take Justina's hand and take her from the sofa. You stand her in front of me, facing me. Then you walk behind her and unzip her skirt. Squatting, you pull her skirt down and she steps out of it.

You then reach up to the waistband of her tights, wrap your fingers around the top and, with something of a struggle, you pull them down too, and she steps out of them.

And there she stands, in front of me, cute Justina in a little black top and tiny, tiny yellow panties with little pink flowers on them. They're a bit small, and I can see the outline of her pussy in them, and a small wet spot. She looks so cute and sexy. 

And there you are, the sexiest of them all, leaning over her shoulder, those fantastic tits of yours hanging out.

"Well," you say, "are you ready?"

I sit there, mesmerised by the vision in front of me - your cute little friend, her tiny yellow panties, her nipples erect and pressed against the fabric of her top, your hands on her hips and bare tits pressed against her shoulder. I can't believe I didn't notice her lack of a bra earlier. I get up from the sofa and drop to my knees in front of her just as you slide your hands under her top and up to her tits.

I grab her hips and pull her towards me. My tongue snakes out and I lick the length of her pussy through her panties. She moans slightly and drops her head back onto your shoulder. I press my tongue firmly against her vagina through the fabric and she turns her head to ours and you kiss her passionately. Her pussy is warm and moist and my saliva wets the yellow fabric. I can taste and smell her cunt as she sways to the rhythm of my tongue - and yours.

I slide one hand around to Justina's bare ass, the thin fabric of the yellow g-string caught between her cheeks, and I squeeze the soft flesh and slide the other hand around and wriggle my index finger up and down her slit as I continue to lick through the panties. She moans softly as you continue to kiss her deeply.

I then hear Justina say softly to you "Ich brauche deine Titten."

I lean back from her pussy and let her turn around. She takes hold of your breasts, one hand on the side of each, and guides your left nipple to her mouth, sucking messily on it.

You hold her around the ribs as she does this, to steady he, and her ass is sticking out as she bends at the waist. I move in again, slide a finger underneath her g-string and pull it to one side, revealing her beautiful young pussy and asshole. I plunge my tongue into her pussy and taste her sweet moisture. Her pussy is tight and tasty, as I fuck it with my tongue, causing muffled moans to come from her as she sucks your nipples.

I lick and suck and bite her sweet cunt and lick her tasty asshole as she continues to suck your tits. Justina wriggles and squirms under the influence of my tongue and lips and she is getting very hot and wet down there. I grip her hips tight as I drive my tongue in and out of her. She's getting very aroused.

And then I hear you say "Giles, I want some of that pussy too!"

You take Justina's shoulders and straighten her up. She keeps a hold of your nipple in her mouth as long as she can, before it slides free. Then you guide her to the sofa and sit her down. I get up off my knees and watch as you kneel down between her thighs, take hold of them and pull her down, so she is slumped on the sofa, with her bum right on the edge. You then take hold of her panties and slide them off over her feet before handing them to me. I put them in my pocket.

And then you dive in, pushing her thighs wide apart and licking deeply at her pussy, tasting her, tonguing her, fingering her sweet cunt as she throws her head back and moans with your expert touch.

I stand there watching for a while before you say "Well, come on, Giles. Join in!"

I hurry to the floor beside you and dive into Justina's pussy, lapping at it with enthusiasm, sometimes feeling your tongue against mine as we eat your young friend's cunt.

As we eat Justina's cunt, lapping at it, sucking her pussy lips, her clitoris, sliding our fingers into her and occasionally, having accidentally discovered that she likes it, sliding a finger into her asshole, she squirms and wriggles on the sofa.

Every so often we turn to kiss each other, tasting your friend's juices on each other's tongue and lips. But with time, she won't allow us to do that any more, as she holds our heads and presses our faces firmly to her pussy. By now she is wriggling and squirming and undulating like a snake and the heat in her cunt is rising.

Seconds later the moisture in Justina's pussy explodes, our faces are drenched in her sweet juices and she is moaning hard and breathing erratically. I can hear you giggling deep into Justina's pussy. We continue attacking her, until eventually she says "Lina, ich muss aufhören."

With that you pull away and guide me away too, saying "She needs a rest."

We both stand up for a second, then I sit down on the sofa next to Justina. She turns to me and we kiss passionately. She tastes herself on my lips and tongue. You sit down next to me, so that the two of you are either side of me. I turn and kiss you for a while, then Justina leans across and the two of you kiss as well.

As we swap between each other, exercising our lips and tongues, I don't realise straight away that my jeans are now undone and both of you have a hand down there, stroking my cock underneath my clothes.

I see the two of you exchange a glance and a smile. You both get up and drop to your knees on the floor. Taking the waist of my jeans you slide them off of me. Today I am wearing briefs instead of my usual boxers. When you have taken off my jeans, Justina spies my rigid cock pressing against the briefs. She smiles widely and sits up on her knees. She cups my cock through the fabric and rubs up and down its length. She turns to you and smiles.

You nod to her as you stand up. I watch as you strip out of your clothes and I am then jolted. Justina is biting and licking and sucking at my cock through the fabric of my briefs. Oh, it feels fantastic. I hadn't expected quite this when Justina opened the door! She is engulfing my fattened cock.

And now you are both naked - two heavenly creatures.

You kneel down next to Justina and push my legs wide apart so that you can both fit between them. You join Justina at the workplace, wetting up the grey fabric of my briefs with your tongue alongside hers. The two of you work up and down on my entrapped shaft.

Then you make the next move - you reach up and down into my briefs and pull out my cock. Justina moves forward and you guide it towards her mouth. She licks the head and shaft of my cock greedily, while you hold it firm for her. And then she parts her lips and slides them over the head of my cock. Slowly she lowers her head, engulfing my hard shaft.

As my cock slides deeply into Justina's throat, you wriggle around and push my legs together, so that you can remove my briefs. Sliding them off, you throw them in the corner and then push my legs far apart again.

Justina is now sliding her mouth up and down my cock as you move your face in close and start licking at my balls. They are unusually pendulous today, hanging down over the edge of the sofa, and you take one of them in your mouth as your friend sucks me off.

"Sie sollten versuchen, die Bälle Justina," you say.

She looks down at you and slides her mouth from my cock. She drops down lower and takes one of my balls in her mouth while you take the other. With my cock-shaft draped across Justina's face, the two of you suck my balls, rolling them around with your tongues in your mouths. I am in absolute ecstasy. I take my shirt of and slump, naked, on the sofa and watch your two heads bobbing up and down between my legs, my cock bouncing from forehead to forehead.

Justina pumps my cock with her hand while the two of you roll my balls around your mouths. She continues pumping and sucking when you pull away and climb up onto the sofa next to me. You lean in and kiss me for a while, your hand on my chest, and then you lean down and kiss my chest. The leaning further down, you kiss my belly and finally the end of my cock.

Justina pulls her hand away as you wrap your lips around the head of my cock. Slowly, you slide my cock into your mouth, sliding the tongue back and forth across its underside as it slides deeper into your throat. And then, slowly again, you slide it out. 

Justina continues to suck my balls, one at a time, whilst massaging the other between her fingers, and then sucking both at once. All the while, my cock slides in and out of your throat as your head bobs in slow motion up and down. The feeling is overwhelming, I just want to cum in your throat right now, but I so want to fuck you both. "Oh, Lina!" is all I can say!

As you suck my cock, Justina moves up and starts licking at the base of my shaft every time it emerges from your mouth. My cock and balls are soaked with the combined saliva of the two naked nymphs working them over. And I so need to fuck!

So I ask "who's first?"

Both of you shoot your hands in the air very quickly, but Justina is quickest.

I push past the two of you, take Justina by the hand and lead her to the middle of the room. We fall to the floor and kiss as she strokes my cock. Then I lie back and invite her to straddle me. She kneels over me, reaches between her legs and takes hold of my cock. Then she lowers herself slowly, rubbing my cock along the outside of her pussy, before pushing down.

My cock enters her tight cunt, first the head and then, as she lowers herself slowly, the entire shaft is buried in her.

I look over to you, sitting on your legs on the sofa, and I say "well, don't just sit there Lina, I want your hot pussy on my mouth!"

You wander over and then, facing Justina, lower yourself onto my face. My tongue emerges, to taste your gorgeous cunt. My face is engulfed in your thighs as I slide my tongue into you.

You taste superb, the moisture of your pussy on my face, my tongue darting into its folds. I take hold of your buttocks and drive my tongue deep into you. Meanwhile you lean forward and take Justina's face as she slides up and down on my cock, and you kiss her - open-mouthed, writhing-tongue sloppy kissing, and then kissing and licking her neck and down to her tits, sucking and nibbling and licking messily, even as you continue to wriggle on my face and she bounces on my cock.

During this uncontrolled kissing session, I feel your saliva occasionally dropping onto my stomach and wish that I could properly see what is going on, buried, as I am, in your vagina and ass.

You reach back along Justina's sides and take hold of her buttocks, squeezing them as she bounces up and down with her tight pussy on my cock. You pull her buttocks wide apart, aiding my sinking of my cock into her. With the skill of a contortionist, you slide a finger, and then two, into your friend's asshole. She gasps as both her holes are violated.

The two of you are intertwined as I continue to eat your wet pussy to an orgasm.

Then, between gasps as you assfinger her, I hear Justina say "Ich will seinen Schwanz in mein Arschloch, Lina". 

You laugh and climb off me, saying "Justina wants to..."

"I've got it," I say.

And with that, we all rearrange. I sit up on my knees for a second and Justina gets onto all fours. Before I have a chance to get in there, you are behind her, your tongue working her asshole, wetting her up. I join you, and we are both squatting behind your friend, getting her asshole nice and wet and slippery, and ready for my cock. You loosen her up with your fingers, before she finally calls out "Jesus, just fuck me!"

I stand up, a foot either side of her knees, and bend my own knees, slowly lowering myself to her ass level. You obligingly take a hold of my cock and help to position it at the entrance to Justina's anus. You spit on the tip as I start pushing.

Justina winces as I push the head of my cock hard to the entrance to her asshole and yelps as the head slides in. Her sphincter grips around the rim of my cock-head tightly and I push some more. She it very tight, but slowly her ass opens a little and allows me to slide the length of my shaft, very slowly, all the way into her.

Then slowly, I retract it, my cock emerging, gleaming, from her asshole, but not all the way, just so the head is gripped tightly again. And then I push it deep into her once more, slightly quicker this time. Then out, in, out, in, picking up pace with each thrust. Justina moans loudly each time my cock slides deep into her.

Not to be left out of the action, you position yourself on the carpey in front of her, with your legs spread, and roughly pull her face to your cunt. She knows what to do, and is soon making you moan as much as I am making her. And pretty soon, I am ploughing into her pretty fast and hard, slamming my cock deep into her ass and causing my balls to slap against her pussy like wrecking balls.

Slam, slam, I fuck her asshole and all the while she eats your pussy. You are moaning more than she is now. She obviously knows how to get the best out of that sweet cunt of yours.

But I can't last forever. After Justina has made you cum, you get up and take up a position next to me, reaching in under her and stroking her pussy. It works a treat, straight away and Justina is soon squirming wildly as you bring her to an orgasm.

And just moments later, all the squirming is too much for me, and I explode. My cock blows its top, sending streams and streams of hot cum into Justina's asshole. It's like I can't stop. Every little thrust, Justina's ass grips my sensitive, tingling cock and squeezes more semen from it.

Eventually, I can't take any more and I fall onto the floor. As my cock slides from Justina's asshole, she screams, stays in position, motionless, for a minute, and then turns around to look at me, prostrate on the floor.

She looks up at you and smiles and the both of you attack my sticky cock, licking and sucking the sweat and juices from it. Sweet Jesus, it's enough to make my cock regain some hardness.

Then you stand up while Justina keeps cleaning my cock to a gleaming shine with her tongue. You walk over to the pile of clothes near the sofa and pull on a short denim skirt and a brown top.
