 This is the next chapter in the story of my ex-wife, Natalie, her friend, Anji and me. I suggest readers who did not read the original story visit my author page and catch up before reading this one.

*****

On a warm summer weekend the three of us embarked, Anji taking the lead, on a sexual journey that lasted from Saturday afternoon to Sunday evening. Anji and I learned, after a sexual encounter in the pool, that both of us had come to Natalie's house that day hoping to seduce Natalie. It was Anji who succeeded and I joined in at Anji's invitation.

On Sunday evening, all of us realized that Monday it was back to work. I left first, Anji said she would soon be following. It was my intention to call both women on Monday night. Before I could call either, my phone rang and it was Anji. She started out chipper and casual, "had a great time, hope you did too," kind of thing. Then she turned a bit more serious. "You know, I didn't leave on Sunday after all. Natalie didn't want me to."

Anji hadn't stayed for more sex. She said that Natalie needed her emotional support. She had just had her first bisexual experience and was kind of mixed up about how to process it all. The two women spent a long time talking after I left. They did have sex before going to sleep, but it was more gentle than lustful. They made love together, as lovers do, for the first time. It was clear to both of them that they would end up together in some way.

I started to tell Anji that it was okay, that I was happy for them both - which wasn't true, but what else could I say? Anji cut me off and told me I didn't understand. Anji explained to Nat that she couldn't be exclusive, that she is most definitely bisexual rather than lesbian and that she didn't want to change. Nat was confused by it at first. She was ready to fall for Anji in a big way. She told Anji that she had always thought she was lesbian and that her marriage to me was her way of proving herself wrong because she wasn't ready to accept her preference. That's why the marriage didn't work, but Nat could never tell me that because she had never been with woman. She didn't know for sure that it was true.

When Nat and I split up, I attributed it to two things. Foremost, while Nat and I had some terrific sex early in our marriage, I always felt she was repressed and holding back from me. As the marriage wore on, she became less responsive and the frequency that she was "in the mood" slowly decreased. Natalie attributed it to me being "emotionally unavailable." I felt my unavailability, if that was true, was due to her closing me out physically. It became a vicious circle that we could not find a way out of.

Anji went on to tell me that she told Nat that she wasn't a lesbian, that she, like Anji, was bisexual. Anji could tell from the way Nat had responded while we were all having sex together. To prove it to her, Anji proposed a repeat or our weekend together, not for a whole weekend but just for Saturday night this coming weekend, again at Natalie's house.

This information had my head swimming by the end of our phone call, but of course I was willing for a return to bed with two extremely hot women. The thing I was going to have get used to was that it was with two women who wanted to be together, one that wanted to be with us both and one that wasn't sure. This could become a minefield if I wasn't careful.

To start off, I followed my usual summer Saturday routine of showing up late in the morning at Nat's house to play pool boy. When I arrived, I went directly to work, expecting Natalie would come out when she saw me from the window. I was mildly surprised when it was Anji who came out first. "I didn't know you were here," I said. "I didn't see your car."

"Oh, Nat took it to go the drug store. I was parked behind her."

"So, what's the plan here?" I asked. I'm confused. I don't know what I'm supposed to do."

"Just do what comes naturally. If Nat and I get affectionate, and we've done a lot of that the past week, join in as you feel." Anji came over to where I was running the pool vacuum. She planted a kiss on my lips, running her tongue over them seductively. "Let me take the lead," she said. "I'm not going to cut you out. I know you're still in love with Natalie and I think I am too. If we compete for her, I'll win, but I'd rather not do that. I think Nat's still in love with you and I can help you both."

The slider onto the porch slid open. Nat came through and out to the pool. "There you two are," she said. "What have you been talking about?"

"You," I said. But we were only just getting started."

The women went inside to fix some lunch. I stayed in the pool area to finish up. I had just finished the chemical testing when they called me inside from the kitchen window. We ate some sandwiches and drank a beer each. There was small talk and nothing more until Natalie addressed the elephant in the room. "This is all very awkward," she began.

"It doesn't have to be," Angie said. "Look, let's be grown ups. Nat, Dan has never fallen out of love with you and now I'm falling for you myself, as I suspect you will soon fall for me if you haven't already. Problem is, you love Dan. Well, not a problem, more a solution. The two of you need to reconcile your feelings for each other and, if you can, make a space for me. I'm the woman in the middle and what I think needs to happen is for all three of us to find a way to make a complicated situation work."

"Dan," she continued, "we only met a week ago, but I feel like if Nat can love you, so can I. It just needs a little more time and the avoidance of jealousy. That means being honest. There, my cards are on the table. Where are yours?"

"Let me next," Nat said. Yes, I admit that last week, when we were all together I felt liberated. I had two people practically worshiping me and it felt good - really good. Dan, I let you cum in my mouth for the first time. Do you know why? It's because Anji was giving me what was missing from our marriage bed and she was willing to share me with you. I would, at that moment, have done anything to please both of you."

Nat got up and moved to my side of the table. She sat herself on my lap and kissed me, a deep romantic kiss. She got up and went to Anji, doing the same with her. Then she motioned for Anji to come to me. Anji and I shared a kiss.

"Well, I'm in," I said. "What else can I do? If I can't have one of you, I'll have to settle for both. I think that's where we all seem to be. I suggest now we put on our suits and head out to the pool. I've got it sparkling clean and the temperature is perfect."

"We won't need suits," Natalie said. The only neighbors who can see us are out of town."

We were in the water in moments. We splashed and dove and swam around as naked and free as wild animals. I put on a diving exhibition, wishing I was wearing a suit. I had to be careful with that. We showed Nat how Anji learned to dive. We played like children for half an hour. As we tired of those games we began to spend more time rubbing our nakedness against each other and doing more touchy-feely things. Anji and Nat started making out in the deep end of the pool, Nat holding onto the deck and Anji hanging on to her. I dove beneath them and slipped my tongue into Anji's slit. I could hear her laugh and scream up on the surface. I came up for a quick breath of air and dove back down, grabbed Nat's ankle to pull her legs apart and gave her the same treatment. When I came up again, the women were still kissing and rubbing their nipples together under the water. I joined them, pulling myself up so I could slide my cock between their mashed together tits. Above the water our three mouths joined and our tongues entwined. I pulled the women toward the shallow end of the pool where we could stand without having to tread water. I bent down and took one of Nat's nipples into my mouth. Anji soon took the other and at the same time each of us slid a finger into Natalie's pussy.

"You two are making my knees weak. I need to sit down." We led Nat up the pool steps and plopped her into a cushioned lounge chair. Anji put a towel down to kneel on and went immediately for Nat's cunt with her tongue and lips. I could hear the kissing and licking sounds. I straddled the lounger facing Natalie and presented my cock. She took it in her hand and looked intently at it for a moment then started licking the head, circling it with her tongue before taking it into her mouth to begin sucking it. She gripped the shaft tightly so I could thrust into her without choking her. I had to stop after a minute, too close to cumming. I dropped down beside her and went to work on her beautiful tits and nipples while Anji continued eating her out. We soon had Nat in a frenzy. Her orgasm came quickly and loudly. As Nat went limp in the lounger, I went behind Anji, knelt on the towel and raised her ass up as she continued kissing Nat's pussy. I shoved my cock into her in one motion. It took only a dozen or so strokes for me to fill her with a copious amount of cum. I slammed it into her as deeply as I could reach. 

When I finished and pulled my cock out of Anji, she stood and went to the head of the lounger, straddling it as I had, and stooping to bring her pussy down onto Natalie's lips. "Eat me baby. Suck Dan's cum out my pussy." Nan reached inside Anji with her tongue. I could see the white creamy fluid drain from one woman to the other. When Nat had sucked most of it from Anji, she pushed her forward and gestured with her arms for Anji to kiss her. Together they swirled the cum between them with their tongues, then each of them swallowed. I bent forward and gave Nat's cunt another lick and planted some kisses on her pussy lips. I collapsed with my head between her legs, inhaling deeply. Anji knelt beside the lounger and laid her head on Nat's heaving breast, her lips clinging gently to one nipple.

Eventually we dried off and went into the house. I fixed some drinks and we adjourned to the living room. Nat put on some soft music and we danced naked, fondling and kissing as we swayed together. I was the first to sit down. The women embraced and caressed each other's bodies while I watched. Then they joined me on the sofa.

The thing about threesomes in stories I've read, is that the story is usually centered on the man who gets to have two women. I could see from our experience that that was not the case. It was as much about each of the women and their needs. I realized this later as I watched the two women trade oral orgasms. That's another thing about a threesome involving two women and one man, women have more stamina. Nat, could cum three or four times to my one or two. Anji could cum for as long as someone would stimulate her. I knew I'd be spending a lot of time either watching or participating from the sidelines. That was fine with me. I'm not Superman.

On this occasion I lay back on the couch. Anji laid beside me and slipped my cock into her mouth, holding it between her lips and gently sucking on it, not trying to make me cum. Natalie sat on the floor beside us, stroking and playing with Anji's hair. She took my hand and placed it on her breast, leaned over and kissed me softly. We stayed together like that for long while. Before we knew it, the sun was going down. 

We all slept together that night in Natalie's bed, the king size bed that was once our marriage bed. The sex was over for the night, at least we all thought it was. Nat agreed to be in the middle. She laid facing away from me, spooned against Anji. I snuggled in behind Nat and slid my cock between her thighs. She giggled. As I slowly softened, I fell asleep. When I woke up in the middle of the night, I was half way hard again and still wedged between Nat's thighs. I moved back and forth a bit, stimulating myself to full hardness. I pulled out from between the creamy thighs and wet the tip of my cock with some saliva. I slid into the apex of Nat's legs and sought out the entrance of her pussy. I slid in easily, as she was still damp from all the sex earlier. I wriggled all the way in without waking her and pumped in and out of her as gently as I could. She was dead to the world. The very idea that I was fucking her in her sleep excited me such that I came within just a few minutes. I kept my cock in her until until I went back to sleep cupping one breast, feeling the nipple harden in the center of my palm.

It was a matter of just another week or so before we all agreed that we should be living together. The logical thing was for Anji and me to move into Natalie's house. I was in an apartment and Anji was in a very small house. She said she could easily rent it to someone she already knew. I had six months to go on a lease in my apartment but I knew there was a waiting list so I negotiated a small settlement with the management company. There were a lot of details we had to work out. How to share expenses, division of domestic labor, those sorts of things. We settled on a household account into which we all paid an equal amount. With respect to sex, we all agreed that the only thing that would work, was total honesty. We had to be able to make our needs known and for the others to take us seriously.

Anji suggested some sexy games that would bring out our urges and expose them to each other. The first was one she devised, she had us all lay together on the bed and masturbate without touching each other. At first, it was going to be a contest - who could finish first. We soon recognized that Anji had an unfair advantage. Her multi-orgasmic body was capable of almost instantaneous and continuous orgasms. We abandoned the pretense of any sort of race. The game proved enlightening, even so, because it helped us shed any last remnants of shyness or embarrassment.

Another game, one which became our favorite, was my suggestion. I devised a game we called "movie director". In it, we took turns playing the role of a porn movie director. One person would direct the other two while they made love. I took the first turn at being director. I started the women off together with some steamy open mouthed kissing while they rubbed their nipples together, then had them move into a sixty-nine position. I followed up by having them take turns masturbating each other by rubbing their tits into the other's pussies. It was Anji that really got off on that last one. After she had climaxed from Nat fucking her with her tits I couldn't help but violate the rules of the game by insisting on licking the women's breasts clean. I was chastised severely for my sin by being deprived of my own orgasm during a double blowjob that seemed to go on forever. Finally, the women felt sorry for me and Anji took me deep in her mouth while Nat worked my balls with her tongue. My relief was, well, complete.

When it was Angi's turn, she said she was going to direct an actual movie, recording the action with her cell phone. I was all for it, but Natalie had some reservations. The compromise was that Anji would record the action but the file would be immediately erased after we all viewed it. We had a great time, with Nat and I doing a titty fuck preliminary to her getting fucked from behind while she rubbed her own clitoris. I was directed to pull out of her when I came so that Anji could record the "money shot" of me shooting my sperm over Nat's elegant ass. Anji also yielded to temptation by taking selfies of herself licking up the cum and letting it run out of the corners of her mouth and on to her tits. She then rubbed her tits on Natalie's, basting both sets of breasts with a thick coating of spunk.

It was Nat's turn next. She wanted close-ups of me bringing Anji off by fucking her with my fingers. Then she had Anji ride me cowboy style. She told me not to cum. She wanted another close up of me jacking off onto Anji's closed mouth, then of Anji licking it off. 

It was so hot we hated the idea of erasing the file, but we stuck to the rule, realizing we could repeat the performance at any time. We decided that for future sessions of "director", we would use an old cell phone that wasn't connected to any network so there was no danger of it ever being hacked. That way we could keep an archive of some of the hottest moments of our movies.

As we learned more about each other, we realized there were certain things in such a complicated relationship that needed to have absolute clarity. First nobody should ever be left out of sex unless it was their choice. If any two of us was having sex, the third person always had the option of joining in. The same was true of anybody who wanted to opt out. We also had to recognize that three in a bed wasn't always the greatest way to sleep, especially for the person in the middle. We decided that we should take turns being the middle person and we set up a guest room so that anyone could chose to sleep alone for a night if they needed to get some rest. Natalie was the first to use it, in fact she used it several times before I decided to use it myself one night. It wasn't a question of sex or no sex. It was my turn in the middle and I was just too warm and needed to be able to sleep with a foot outside the covers. Anji, for her part, almost never used the spare room. She was always cold and always in the mood for sex. Sometimes she volunteered to take the middle if it would keep either Nat or me in bed with her.

Another thing we discussed was that, among three people, it should be a rare event that anyone wanting to have sex should be denied an orgasm. It should nearly always be possible for someone to step up and accommodate someone else with at least an oral or digital orgasm in the case of the woman or a hand or blow job for me. Meeting the needs of others became a guiding principal of the relationship, whether it was a need for sex, physical affection or emotional support. The first time this happened with sex was for me. I wanted to have sex, but neither of the women was interested. Anji came to my rescue, offering to jack me off onto Natalie's tits but said the condition was that I would clean Natalie off with my tongue and swallow my cum. That is something I'd never done, never even considered it. I relented because I was really horny that night and, after all, it seemed fair since I was always encouraging the women to do it. Anji got behind me while I lay facing Nat. She stroked me to a quick orgasm. I followed through on my promise. In truth, I hated it and the women laughed at the face I made. Nat said, "okay, that was wrong. Next time no conditions allowed."

We gradually settled in to what was to become a life long marriage. We actually discussed a legal marriage between one of the women and myself, probably Anji, since Nat and I had already been married to each other once. We ultimately decided against it. If it couldn't be all of us, it should be none of us. We were happy enough to take our own private vows with each other, vows which included absolute fidelity and honesty in all things. They were easy vows to keep and the celebration of those vows is maybe another story.