 I watched my cock slide in and out of my ex-wife's mouth while her friend worked her pussy vigorously with her lips and tongue. I was about to cum, and when I did, it would be the first time ever that Natalie had ever swallowed my sperm. Maybe she'd even find that she liked it. When the first pulse of the thick liquid hit her tongue her eyes opened widely, but she didn't balk. There was a second and I could see her gulp as she swallowed my cum into her belly. I pulled out of her mouth for the third spasm and directed it onto a bare breast. Anji pressed her mouth more tightly onto Natalie's mound as she began massaging my spunk into Nat's turgid nipple with her fingers. At that moment, Natalie arched her back, pulled Anji's head into her and moaned. The moan turned into a little scream as her orgasm rushed over her and she fell back onto the bed. As soon as she did, Anji slid her body up, licking a string of cum off Natalie's tit as she sought Nat's mouth with her own. The two woman kissed deeply, sharing the last remnants of my spunk.

Natalie and I had been divorced for more than a year. She got the house and I got the newer car. It made sense. There wasn't much equity in the house and she would have struggled to make both the house and car payment on her own. The house was a nice cape cod style with a backyard pool. She didn't relish taking care of the pool and I agreed to help her with that and simple maintenance of the house itself for as long as we both remained single. It was an amicable divorce. Amicable enough that we ended up in bed together a half dozen times after we split up.

I was at the house on a Saturday to backwash the pool filter, run the vacuum over the bottom of the pool bottom and test the chemicals. This usually took me about an hour. While I was at work on this, Natalie was in her garden doing some weeding. Damn she looked hot in her halter top and shorts.

Natalie has a fantastic pair of breasts with large dark and highly sensitive nipples that I could go on about for hours if there were enough words. She's about 5' 3" and weighs maybe 130, a little heavy by some standards but not mine. I found her body to be comfortable for sex.

I called out to her over the pool fence, "I'm finished here. Feel like taking a swim?"

She called back, "My friend Anji is coming over to hangout and cook on the grill. Go ahead without me. I should wait for her. You can stay for grilled chicken and salad if you want."

"Sounds good to me," I said, though I was secretly disappointed that there would be no chance to coax Natalie into bed for a quick fuck before I left.

I already had my suit on so I dove into the pool. Annoyed to be going in alone , I really wanted use our swim to start a little breast play, which usually got Nat going if she was receptive to sex at all. I splashed around for awhile and played at picking up a few leaves from the bottom drain that the vacuum had missed, then got out of the water and sat in a lounge chair to dry off in the warm sun.

I had nearly fallen asleep when the patio door slid open and Natalie stepped into the pool area with a brunette about our age, average looking, not unpleasant face, short curly hair. She was smallish, maybe a hundred pounds. Her breasts were medium sized, round, firm and rode high on her small frame. Her hips had a nice flare and her tight two-piece swim suit showed a beautiful heart-shaped and perfectly toned ass. I had to make a concerted effort to make and hold eye contact while Nat made the introduction.

"Anji came ready to swim, but she doesn't want to go in alone. I have to run to the store because I forgot to get charcoal so why don't the two of you go in while I'm gone?"

Anji and I agreed to Nat's suggestion and she left on her errand. Anji and I got into the water and swam around a bit. I got on the board and did a one-and-a-half. Anji clapped at the performance and said she'd give me a ten. Then she asked if I would teach her to dive. She said she'd never gone into the water head-first.

I said, "sure, I can do that." I took her by the hand and led her up the pool steps and down to the deep end of the pool. I told her we should start on the deck rather than the board. I had her stand facing the water while I stood behind her. I put my hands on her waist and told her interlace her fingers together over her head. Next, I told her to bend at the waist until her hands pointed at the water while I held onto her to keep her from going in. I asked if it was okay if moved my hands onto her hips. She said yes.

Holding her hips now, I told her to let herself fall forward and I would let go at the right time. When she started her lean, her elegant ass stuck out and back pressed tightly into my groin. Damn, it was heaven. I suspected she could feel my growing erection. I said, "On three; one, two, three. Let yourself fall." Anji fell and I let go of her hips. As she fell, I grabbed for her thighs and pulled up on them so that she went into the water head first at just the right angle. I immediately followed her into the pool hoping to shrink my dick in the cool water.

Anji came to the surface with a scream and giggle. I was already beside her in the deep water and she threw her arms around my neck. "That was great," she said. "You did it."

"No, you did it, Anji. Congratulations. I give you a ten." With that she brought her legs up and wrapped them around me, hugging me even tighter. I was right about dick shrinkage but if she kept this up it wasn't going to last long.

"Can we do it again?" Anji loosened her grip and leaned back in the water, bringing her tits up out of the water where I could see the bumps of her nipples through the fabric of her bikini top.

"Yea, but I think you could try it on your own. You know what to do."

"I'm not ready yet. You need you to hold on to me and do that thing you did with my legs. Come on."

I hoisted myself out of the pool and reached to take her hands and pull her up onto the deck. Doing so brought her pubic mound almost to my nose. Oh, how would like to rubbed my face into it. I stood and got Anji back into position facing the water. I placed my hands on her hips but she placed her hands over mine and guided my hands so they were more to the front of her body, very close to the mound of her pussy. When I had her lean forward this time, she pushed her ass tighter into my crotch than she had the first time then she wriggled back and forth over my cock.

She said, "I'll count this time." Her count was much slower that mine had been and each number was accompanied by wriggle of her bum. She eventually got to three, leaned and fell forward. I slid my hands up her legs as I had before, and she did a nice header into the water. I followed her in and when she came up, she threw her arms around my neck and her legs wrapped around me, her mound grinding into my cock. There was nothing subtle about her message.

"You know why I'm here?" she asked. 

"No," I said. "Why are you here?"

"Your ex wanted me to meet you. She said you're a nice guy and she thought we'd hit it off. She said you haven't done much dating and she feels responsible because she's been sleeping with you occasionally. She said I needed to meet better guys than I've been finding on my own, and you might be just what I need."

"And what do you think so far?"

"I don't know if she's right about that. It's too soon to tell. But I'm hoping the other thing she told me is true."

"What other thing?"

"That you're the best pussy eater in the world." 

"Oh, my god, Anji! She didn't really say that."

"She sure as hell did." Anji began laughing. "So?"

"So what?"

"So, is it true."

"That's the sort of thing you'd have to judge for yourself."

Just as I was about to kiss Anji, the patio door slid open. Natalie was back with the charcoal. I put my hand under the water, slid it under Anji's suit, gave her bare ass a quick squeeze then turned to head to the steps at the shallow end of the pool. Anji swam that way too. When she started her breast stroke, her hand swept over my crotch and she lingered momentarily on my semi-erect cock.

Anji and I dried off and went in to change in different bathrooms while Nat got the charcoal going. When I came back outside she asked me to go back in to make us all some tall gin and tonics. "Make them strong," she said.

Inside, I passed Anji on her way out. She stopped me and tiptoed up to reach my ear. She whispered, "I bet it's true and I intend on finding out." She slid the tip of her tongue into my ear.

It was a nice dinner. The gin and tonics hit the spot so we each had two more. Natalie asked what we talked about while she was gone. "Nothing special," Anji said. "We just swam and laughed and Dan taught me how to dive."

"Another thing he's good at," Nat said, not thinking I would get the joke. I turned to look at her just in time to catch a wink.

The afternoon turned to evening. We continued drinking, talking and laughing. I found myself ogling both women. Sometimes I caught Anji ogling back, or was that only my imagination. When Nat excused herself to go the bathroom, Anji scooted to my end of the couch we had been sharing and whispered, "I've got a feeling this could end well," then she clamped her lips onto my earlobe and gave it a gentle suck.

Nat came back to find Anji and me sitting close together. "I knew you two would hit it off," she said. "Maybe I'll turn in early and leave you two alone to get acquainted. You should both stay over. Neither of you is sober enough to drive. Dan, you know where everything is." With that she left the room. 

Anji nestled herself against me and turned her face to mine. She planted her lips on mine and her tongue caressed my lips, begging admission. I opened my mouth and her tongue found mine. When I responded, she clamped her teeth on my tongue, biting then sucking it deeply into her mouth, a preview of what was to come. When the long kiss finally broke she asked, "how do you feel about skinny dipping?"

We adjourned to the pool. I kept the pool and patio lights off. We stripped hurriedly and threw our clothes onto a patio chair, wasting no time getting into the water. The night had begun to cool and the pool felt warm as bath water. I took Anji by the hand and led her down the slope into deeper water. She wrapped her arms around my neck and we began kissing again. Soon she had her legs wrapped around my torso. She weighed nothing buoyed in the water. We kissed for an eternity. Sometimes I bent my knees so we were actually kissing under water. She liked this game and without a word we were soon competing to see who would insist on coming up first for air. Finally, on one trip to the surface, Anji said, "time to show me what you can do."

I waded us back into shallow water. I unwound Anji from me grabbed a beach towel to spread on the deck. I lifted her onto the side of pool and leaned her back, spreading her legs, which were dangling in the warm water, and placed them on my shoulders. I bent close to her exposed womanhood. "It's so beautiful," I told her, as I went for my first kiss on the outer lips of her vagina. The first taste was the taste of chlorine, but once I had licked the pool water away, the flavor gave way to that of her natural nectar, slightly sweet, slightly salty. I licked the length of her slit, up and down without penetrating. "Hmm, and it tastes so good."

Anji leaned back on her elbows. I brought my hands up to her breasts and began gently kneading them. I could feel the nipples harden under my palms. I slid my tongue between the lips of her pussy, entered her with just the tip then licked from bottom to top until I reached the nub of her clit. I felt Anji shudder and a little squeak escaped from her mouth. Her head dropped back as I probed further with my tongue. "Oh, Dan, Natalie was right. That feels so damned good. Don't stop."

Her breathing became heavy and she was soon moving her head side to side, panting and mewling in rhythm to the beat of my tongue on her clit. She dropped the rest of the way back, laying her head on the towel. She grabbed my head and pulled it into her, grinding her pussy against my tongue and lips. She cried out, "yes, yes, yes, as a wave of orgasm rolled over her. I started to slow down but she said, "no keep going, please, please don't stop. I can cum again."

I did as she asked and she continued writhing against by face and holding my mouth against her now dripping cunt. Finally she pushed my face away and said, "enough, enough. You're going to kill me if you keep that up." I gave her pussy lips a final kiss lingering kiss. 

"God damn, that was incredible," Anji said. "I thought I would never stop cumming and I probably wouldn't have if I hadn't made you stop." Anji was multi-orgasmic, my first encounter with that phenomenon. She told me that her orgasms would go on for as long as the stimulation continued and that they came in waves that built higher and higher until she just couldn't tolerate them anymore. That's what had happened at the edge of the pool. It surprised and thrilled me that I could do that to a woman.

"Your turn," Anji said, scooting forward and dropping into the water. "Hop up on the deck."

I lifted myself onto the towel. Anji placed her lithe body between my legs. She examined my engorged cock and began stroking it gently with her hand, looking at it intently. "I know, it's just average size," I said. "Are you disappointed?"

"Of course not," she said. "It looks just right to fill my mouth and my pussy." With that, she moved forward and closed her lips over the head, while she continued stroking the shaft with one hand. With the other hand she began caressing and gently kneading my balls. She pulled her head off me and looked into my eyes. "I want you to cum in my mouth." I leaned back on my elbows and watched this completely sexual woman as she worked me expertly with her mouth and hands in concert. Natalie was a good little cocksucker, but this woman, Anji, was a true expert.

Natalie had never let me cum in her mouth. When she sensed I was getting close, she would pull off me and jack me off onto her tits, nearly as good if you ask me. I loved seeing the globs on semen on her tits and watch her rub it into her nipples while I feasted on her cunt, but I always wished she would take my cum in her mouth and revel in the taste before swallowing it, just as this woman, Anji, was determined to do. In minutes I was spewing a pint of cum into Anji's cock hungry mouth. She swallowed without hesitation. When I was spent, she kept my cock in her mouth, savoring and worshiping it. Oh, how I loved what Anji had just done for me, but in the subconscious recesses of my mind, I was still wishing it was Natalie who was now gently sucking on my cock for the last few drops she could coax out of me.

As Anji withdrew and gave my flagging cock a final squeeze and a goodbye kiss on the tip, I slid back into the water in front of her and took her in my arms. "That was amazing," I said. I've never felt anything like that. You're an incredibly sexy woman." We stood holding each other for awhile until I felt Anji shiver in the cooling air.

We climbed the steps out of the pool and grabbed our clothes on way into the house. Inside, we toweled each other off in the guest bath. While was drying Anji, I bent down and took a nipple into my mouth, began flicking my tongue back and forth over it, as I sucked it. Anji took my head in her hands and directed me to the other tit. "This one's getting jealous." I worked that breast in the same way. Anji soon tilted her head back and began to squirm and moaned softly, "god your mouth feels so good, but I want you to turn me around and fuck me. I want to feel your cock inside of me."

I spun Anji around and she bent at the waist to brace herself on the edge of the bathroom sink. I slid my cock between her legs and rubbed it back and forth over the lips of her wet pussy. When I adjusted the angle and found her entrance, I slipped inside her body easily. Anji sighed, "yes, now hold it there." We stood still for a moment, then Anji began a rocking motion, subtle at first, then more and more in earnest as the rate of her breathing increased. She suddenly stopped and made a guttural animal sound. "Stoke me now!" I obliged and, after about four piston stokes of my rock hard cock, Angi stiffened. "Give it to me, give it to me hard." I pulled back and pushed back into her with authority, pounding into her soaking cunt. Four, five six times. She threw her ass back against me and shuddered. Anji collapsed forward onto the counter, panting to catch her breath. "You didn't cum?"

"Too soon," I told her. "But I'll be back for more."

After a long shower that resulted the cleanest tits and cock in the world, I found Anji an old robe of Natalie's to wear. We sat together on the couch and talked for a bit while we finished the dregs of the drinks we had started earlier. Anji put her feet up and lay with her head in my lap. I reached into the robe and found a breast to cup in my hand.

"I have a confession to make," Anji said.

"What's that?" 

"You may not be the best pussy eater in the world."

"No? I failed you? You seemed happy with me at the time."

"It's not that you aren't great, it's just I wonder if I might be better."

"You?"

"Yes, me. Does that freak you out?"

"No, I just hadn't thought about it. We've only known each other for a day. There must be a lot we don't know about each other. How long have you been...?

"Bi-sexual is the word. I like both women and men. No favorites. I like them equally and, to answer your question, I've been that way for as long as I remember."

"I suppose that's good to know up front," I said. So have you and Natalie ever..."

"No, not yet, but the reason I bring it up is that the real reason I came today was to see Natalie. I've been crushing on your wife, rather your ex-wife, since the day we met at the office. I was thinking this would be the day to make my move, but then, here you were and I sort of got distracted. I still think Natalie's the hottest woman I've known. God those breasts of hers are to die for."

"They're even better than you know and just touching them is like turning on a switch when she's in the mood for sex."

"What if it was me touching them. Do you think she'd be receptive?"

"Don't you have some kind of radar for that?"

"It doesn't seem to be working with her. I can't tell. That's why I haven't done anything yet. Has she ever said anything that would lead you to believe she might be inclined?" Just hypothetically, I mean."

"You expect me to help you? Really, I'm supposed to give you tips."

"I'll make it worth your while," Anji smiled.

"She never has, but listen. I like you too but we've just met. If there's something else you want, you should go for it now. In fact, why wait? I think you should leave me on the couch while you crawl into bed next to Nat. When she's had this much to drink, almost nothing will wake her. You can judge for yourself how nice those tits are. If she does wake up, her resistance is about as low as it ever will be. Go make your move. See what happens. Maybe nothing, but at least you'll know. Come back and play with me some more if things don't work out."

"If I'm successful and I can persuade her, would you be up for joining in?"

"I'm a pretty average guy," I said. "The thought of you and Nat together actually has my heart thumping. Even if I'm not invited, I'd rather see Nat with a sweet woman rather than another guy."

Anji sat up. She brushed my face. Okay, I'm going to try. Here," she opened the robe, "kiss these for me, for luck, you know." I kissed each of her bare breasts, pulling each nipple into my mouth for a quick suck.

- 2 -

I waited for about an hour, then headed for the bathroom across the hall from Natalie's bedroom to relieve myself. I used the toilet, then washed my hands and threw some cold water on my face, wondering if I should just quietly leave, but I didn't even have Anji's number.
