 Chapter 1

My wife Sarah was having a college friend visit for the weekend. I had volunteered to clean the house for her while she left work and picked her friend up at the airport. As I was finishing, I heard the garage door open and my wife and her friend Amy come into the house.

"Honey, we're home!" Sarah said in a laughing voice.

I quickly wiped my hands on my jeans and went out to say hi.

"Hey girls." I smiled at them. "Good to see you Amy. You're certainly looking well."

"Oh Ryan, you charmer. Give me a hug before you lie to me anymore." Amy ran up to me and gave me a hug and peck on the check.

It wasn't a lie. Even after a plane ride she looked fantastic. She was dressed in tight black slacks and a dark blue, button-up blouse. Her small, firm breasts had pressed against me as we hugged.

"Hugging her before your wife, huh? Careful I might get jealous!" Sarah came up and gave me a quick smack on the butt before kissing me.

"You're getting me in trouble already Amy!" I laughed. "Alright girls, I'm going to jump in the shower before I start dinner."

"Handsome and a chef?" Amy said in a shocked voice. "Where do I find more like him Sarah?"

They descended into giggling and were already lost in their catching up as I went back to the master bedroom to shower.

I could feel that I was already erect just from having hugged Amy and seeing her and my wife together. They were both quite beautiful women, if in different ways. My wife was short and petite, with disproportionately large breasts for her short stature. Her long brown hair hung down to where her work suit was slightly unbuttoned, showing the slightest bit of cleavage. Nearing our 30's, she still could pass for an undergrad student and routinely got hit on when we were out at bars.

Amy was taller with blond hair and smaller breasts, but still an absolute knockout. Especially in her tight blouse. She was a fitness nut and it showed. Her form-fitting shirt showed off a stomach, butt and legs without a hint of fat.

I took off my clothes to get in the shower. When I removed my boxer briefs, my penis poked upwards at me. I gently tugged on my rock-hard cock. I had to release the tension before going back out there or I'd hardly be able to stand it.

I got in the shower and started soaping up, even while furtively masturbating myself. As I grew closer to orgasm, I heard my wife open the bedroom door.

"Honey, I'm just showing Amy around the house, don't hop out of the shower, I'd hate to get her all riled up!" She said as they both giggled.

"Sure thing." I hastily responded. I could hear them talking in the bedroom as I furiously jerked off in the shower. 

"And this is our master bathroom," Sarah said as she opened the door to the bathroom. I turned my back to them in the shower, unsure if they could see my silhouette through the curtain or not.

"So what's your shower look like?" Amy said with a laugh. "Don't rip me off here, I want the full tour!"

"You are terrible!" Sarah said laughing.

They turned and left the bathroom. I shut off the water and hastily dried off. The shock of them opening the door had diminished my erection, but I was still unbelievably turned on and on edge. I knew cooking dinner would be tough with them distracting me.

I grabbed some clothes from the closet while I heard Sarah showing Amy the rest of the house.

"Ryan, we're going to change into our going-out clothes while you fix dinner, is that alright?" Sarah said walking back to the bedroom.

"Sure, you two would only be a distraction anyway. I'd probably burn dinner!" I said.

"Is he always this charming?" Amy said with a smile.

"Only when he's horny." Sarah responded with a mischievous grin.

Chapter 2

I mixed up some drinks for myself and the girls as I put the casserole for dinner in the oven.

"Okay, who wants a martini?" I shouted to them in the living room.

"Only if it's stiff!" Amy said, already laughing at her own joke.

"You're such a tease." Sarah said, smacking Amy's knee.

"Who's teasing? I like my martinis like I like my men."

"Unemployed and living with their parents?" Sarah asked innocently.

"Oh I'll get you for that one!" Amy started tickling her. Sarah jumped up to escape and Amy smacked her on the butt as she rose. Sarah's skirt swirled higher as she danced away from Amy. I watched her, thinking how much I wanted to lift up her skirt, peel down her panties and take her, right then and there.

"Protect me Ryan!" Sarah said ducking behind me laughing. Amy ran in front of me and started grabbing at Sarah behind my back. She pressed herself close to me, and I could feel my erection rubbing against her leg.

"Ha, Ryan can protect you with that sword he has in his pants maybe!"

Sarah spun me around and looked down at my jeans. "Enjoying watching us are you?" She said seriously.

"Who wouldn't?" I said.

"We can always give you something more to watch." Amy said sliding closer to Sarah. Sarah looked over and smiled, tucking her hair behind her ear.

Amy's mischievous grin had vanished and the girls now looked at each other very seriously. Sarah put her hand on Amy's shoulder and gently pulled her towards her mouth. Their lips met and gently brushed each others'.

I was shaking with nervousness and excitement. I didn't even want to speak or move for fear I might disrupt whatever was transpiring in front of me.

Sarah grabbed her martini and took a large gulp. She stuck her tongue out and Amy wrapped her lips around it. "Oh he makes them stiff alright." She said moving her mouth off of my wife's tongue and licking her lips.

They both turned to look at me simultaneously.

"While you were showering, we decided tonight was the night for the three of us to try something new." Sarah said seriously. She gripped my hand in one of hers and Amy's in the other.

"That is, if you are okay with it?" She asked.

I could barely mumble an affirmative reply.

Chapter 3

Sarah leaned in and kissed me hard on the lips. She grabbed my shirt and led me and Amy over into our living room. She gently pushed me down onto the couch.

She turned her back to me and pulled Amy closer. Their fingers intertwined as their bodies move together. I could see their breasts lightly brushing each other through their clothes as they kissed each other.

Sarah spun Amy around and set her on the couch next to me. She sat on the other side of her, leaving Amy between us.

"Go ahead Ryan." Sarah said breathlessly. "It is okay."

I looked at Amy and tentatively touched her stomach through her shirt. She let out a tiny moan and closed her eyes. Sarah started kissing her neck and grabbed my hand, moving it under Amy's shirt. Her stomach was as taut as it looked. My wife and I moved our hands simultaneously up Amy's torso, reaching her bra.

I kissed Amy hard on the lips as my wife and I each squeezed one of her breasts. Amy spun around, with her back against me. Sarah kissed her again, while reaching down to lift up her shirt. Amy raised her arms over her head, letting my wife remove her shirt.

Amy moved to press my wife down on the couch. She lay down on top of her as they passionately kissed. Amy's ass was inches from me and inches above where my wife's skirt was riding up, exposing her black thong.

I moaned involuntarily from the sight and it seemed to break the girls' concentration. They both turned to look at me and then back at each other.

"It's okay, go ahead." Sarah said looking at Amy.

Not knowing what they were talking about I waited nervously. Amy turned and locked eyes with me. She moved her hands behind her back and undid her bra.

Her breasts were amazing. Small, but tight and slightly upturned with large, hard nipples.

I reached for her breasts and Sarah jumped up and grabbed my hands.

"Not yet." She took my hands and moved them behind my head, pulling me flat onto the couch. She spun, facing Amy and lifted her skirt up and over her head.

My wife was now only wearing a small, black thong and Amy stared at both of us with lust.

"Go ahead." My wife said to Amy, obviously still referring to whatever they had already discussed.

Without warning Sarah straddled my face, lowering her panty-covered pussy onto my lips. I kissed and licked her panties, as passionate as I ever had. Simultaneously, Amy started unbuttoning my pants and tugging them downward. My cock was almost painfully erect and straining the boxer briefs it was trapped in.

"Mmmm..." Amy said running her hands along my erection. "You had told me he was thick, but I didn't know." She said appreciatively to my wife.

"I know, I know." Sarah said, with her head tilted up while I licked her pussy. She pulled her panties aside, giving me full access to her wetness.

Amy pulled my briefs off with one tug, causing my erection to pop out. Sarah pulled herself off of my face and mouth. I looked up, waiting to see what would happen.

"Go ahead," Sarah said breathlessly. "Suck it."

Amy looked her in the eyes, and then dove for my cock, taking it immediately in her mouth.

She wasted no time, quickly taking as much of my dick in her mouth as she could. She coughed, apparently having taken too much into her mouth to start.

"That's so fucking hot." Sarah said, still standing a few inches over my face. She lowered her hand and rubbed her clit watching Amy going down on me.

I sat up, gently pulling my cock out of Amy's mouth. I couldn't take much more, and I wasn't nearly ready to orgasm yet.

I stood up and kissed my wife. I grabbed her face in my hands and said, "You have no idea how much I want to watch you eat her pussy."

Chapter 4

Sarah and I both turned and looked at Amy. She was still leaning back on the couch, topless. She looked back at us and quickly reached down to undo her pants.

She unclasped the button and then slid them down, revealing neatly-trimmed pubic hair over her otherwise shaved vagina.

"You dirty girl." Sarah said leaning down to kiss Amy's stomach. Amy just moaned in reply as my wife worked her way downward, gently kissing the soft blond curls above Amy's pussy.

I stood up and moved behind Amy, resting my hands on her small, firm breasts and kneading them slowly as my wife began to go down on her.

"Oh fuck..." Amy moaned softly. I couldn't take my eyes off of the sight of my wife licking another woman's pussy. Sarah looked up and made eye contact with me. She took her index and middle finger and slid them slowly deeper and deeper into Amy's pussy. She then removed them and held them up to my mouth.

I sucked greedily at them, unknowingly moving my dick over Amy's face, where she began licking the bottom of my shaft and balls.

"Do you want to taste her Ryan?" Sarah asked me seriously.

"Absolutely I do." I said.

"Then lay down flat on the couch." My wife commanded. "Amy, I want you to sit on his face while I fuck my husband."

I hastily moved to comply. When I was lying flat, Amy jumped up and positioned herself over me, facing Sarah. She lowered her pussy to inches above my face, just out of reach of my tongue. I licked upwards, barely making contact.

"You want it? You want to taste it and suck it?" She said to me. "Then here it is."

She lowered herself to my mouth, pressing down with force, running her pussy up and down the length of my tongue. I licked greedily at it, sucking her clit when she moved it in range.

"So fucking hot." I heard Sarah moan. I felt her grab my dick and rub it against her pussy.

"Yeah, fuck him. I want to see you fuck your husband." Amy said breathlessly.

Sarah slid her wet pussy down onto my cock. I moaned, while still frantically eating out Amy's pussy. Amy leaned down to hold my cock while Sarah rode it. As she moved, her butt moved directly in front of my face. I could see her asshole right in front of me. I licked it experimentally, to see if she would stop me.

Instead, she shivered violently. "Yeah, lick it you dirty boy." Amy commanded me. I complied, tonguing her asshole faster. Sarah was riding my cock hard and fast now.

"Let me taste that cock." Amy said, pulling me out of my wife's pussy and sucking quickly on my shaft.

"Ryan, why don't you fuck Amy now?" Sarah said to me."Absolutely. Stay right there Amy."

She stayed bent over on her hands and knees on the couch. I got up and moved around behind her. I bent down next to her ear. "I want to see you lick my wife's pussy while I fuck you." I said, nibbling on her ear.

Sarah lay down in front of Amy, gently rubbing her clit and running two fingers into and out of her pussy.

Amy leaned down and licked Sarah's clit experimentally. "Oh fuck yeah." Sarah moaned.

I grabbed my dick and began teasing Amy's clit, smacking myself lightly against it.

When I couldn't wait any longer, I positioned myself behind her and eased into her wet pussy.

"Yes!" Amy's body quivered as I entered her.

I began to slowly fuck her from behind, alternately staring at her eating out my wife and at her fantastic ass in front of me. I licked my index finger and began to rub it around her butt hole.

She moaned louder. I took that as a positive sign and slowly eased my finger into her ass. Amy moaned more and licked my wife's pussy with increased passion. I continued sliding my finger in and out of her butt, at the same time as I fucked her pussy.

Sarah took Amy's face between her hands. "You like that you dirty girl?" She said to Amy.

Amy nodded, her eyes half-closed.

"Good, because I want to watch my husband to fuck your ass."

Chapter 5

I pulled out of Amy's pussy and sat back on the couch. Following Sarah's command, she and Amy began kissing. Sarah was licking the taste of her own pussy from Amy's tongue and lips. I slowly stroked my cock, unable to tear my eyes away from the incredible erotic scene taking place.

Sarah broke away from the kiss and looked at me with a sensuous smile. She saw me stroking my cock and got down on her knees in front of me and wordlessly took my manhood inside her mouth. She took two quick downward motions on it and brought her mouth off gasping.

"Fuck, her pussy tastes amazing." Sarah said, licking Amy's juices off of my penis.

Amy came up behind her, gently rubbing her pussy while Sarah continued licking me.

"I'm getting him nice and lubed up for you." Sarah said.

"Here, don't forget about me." Amy placed her knees on the couch, straddling me, with her butt inches away from Sarah's face.

Sarah looked up and gently smacked Amy's ass. My wife then proceeded to lick Amy's asshole.

I watched, transfixed at the sight. Amy leaned down next to my ear, softly moaning.

"Spin around Amy." My wife again commanded her friend.Amy complied, turning and positioning her butt hole directly above my rock-hard cock.

Sarah held my dick in her hand as Amy slowly lowered herself onto it. I felt her butt hole touch the tip of my cock. She took a deep breath and continued lowering herself further and further down, until I was halfway inside of her butt.

"That's right." Sarah said, with eyes glued to the scene unfolding before her. She leaned down and locked her lips around Amy's clit, licking and sucking on her as she rode up and down on my cock.

Sarah's hand moved down to her own pussy, alternately rubbing and fingering herself even as she continued to eat out her friend. Her friend who just happened to be getting ass-fucked by her husband.

Amy had leaned back against me. I reached my hands around and squeezed her breasts, running her hard nipples between my fingers. She interlaced one hand with mine, squeezing her breast hard. Her other hand held my wife's head close to her pussy.

"I'm going to come." Amy said with a whisper. "Fuck my ass faster."

I happily complied, rising off the couch and pounding away with abandon. Amy moaned and breathed faster. My wife began furiously finger-fucking herself, eyes closed in concentration.

Sarah stood, pressing herself against Amy and myself. She kissed Amy, while still rubbing herself. Amy and Sarah both began moaning and shaking and then came almost simultaneously. The shook violently against me and each other, wordlessly enjoying wave after wave of orgasm.

My pleasure was rising to match their own. I lifted Amy off of my cock and jumped up off of the couch. My wife sat down next to Amy, their heads touching.

"Come in my mouth." My wife said, looking directly in my eyes.

I grabbed my dick and stroked myself hard and fast, inches from Sarah's outstretched tongue. Amy tweaked her nipples with each hand, eyes transfixed at what was happening.

I could feel my orgasm building and I leaned in even closer until my dick was touching my wife's tongue.

"Fuck, I'm coming..." I panted breathlessly.

Then I erupted. Semen spurted out of my dick, covering my wife's tongue. I turned and came onto Amy's lips. I continued stroking, the juice still pouring out of my penis onto her lips and falling downward to her tits. I turned back to my wife and thrust my cock into her mouth. It was warm with my semen and I shivered violently, releasing the final bit of come.

I pulled out of my wife's mouth and looked at the girls.

Sarah's lips were covered with come, leaking out the sides and bottom of her mouth. Amy had come dripping off of her lips and running down between her breasts towards her flat stomach below.

I collapsed onto the couch between them. Sarah leaned over and kissed Amy on the lips, licking and sucking off the drops of my sperm.

It was right then that the timer for the casserole went off.

"Great! I'm starving!" Amy said popping up off of the couch.