 This is a continuation from my previous "Unexpected Threesome" stories; although you shouldn't need to have read them to enjoy this. The story was inspired by actual platonic relationships I observed in operation in similar circumstances. You can decide the likelihood of such a mismatched age relationship developing this way. 

Ned, the owner of a yacht cruising the pacific and now in his early 60's, has unexpectedly found himself seduced by his two long term crew -- nubile girls in their late 20's.

As before with these stories, I am indebted to the male friends who have assisted me with relating to the male mind and body; and the red wine that made the conversation flow and loosened lips.

*****

It's not every day a guy gets out of bed to be told he's got a day of sex ahead of him because the two girls in his life each want a few hours of private time with him.

Ned left it to the girls to work out who went ashore first to leave his body to the sexual predations of the other. He was a little surprised to find they were both angling to be the second one to have his body, rather than the first.

Maybe Amy had hit the nail on the head when she spoke of leaving her scent on him. Clearly the second one would achieve that better than the first. Regardless, in the end they settled the matter with a good natured toss of a coin, leaving Issie heading off ashore to get the first load of provisions.

Issie hadn't gone ashore to leave Ned and Amy together for a cup of tea and a quiet chat. Amy didn't waste any time. A soon as Ned came back below from casting off the line for Issie, she was over him like a rash; wrapping her limbs around him in the galley and pushing her face into his before taking his hand and leading him into the master cabin.

In contrast to Issie, for whom clothing -- even as little as a bikini and swim briefs -- was a mere barrier to getting down to it and to be ripped off as quickly as possible, Amy seemed to like the undressing as part of the process; a tease and a seduction all in one. Something of a Goldilocks process; not too rushed, but not too slowly either. Something that she seemed to guide Ned through at a pace that maximised her and Ned's enjoyment without him even being sure how she did it.

Ned had to concede, when you had a body like Amy's dressed in a bikini like the ones she wore, taking a little time about it was well worthwhile.

As she stood upright at the head of the bunk, Ned kissed down her neck, over her shoulder and across the exposed flesh at the top of her breasts, teasing the nipple with his fingers to harden it and make it push out the filmy material of her top. There was just something in the way the inner hem of each triangle cut seductively across close to the centre of each orb; teasing him with what little they hid while emphasising the perkiness and golden brown geometric perfection of each breast. Already his manhood had swollen in his pants; pushing out the stretchy material.

Her hand, resting on the back of his head, ever so subtly guided him across her chest, down into her bosom and onto the flesh of the other breast where its nipple too was brought to a jutting hardness. A gentle pressure pushed him down onto the nipple, encouraging him to flick it with his tongue, wetting the material covering it and turning it translucent enough to hint at the purity of the hue of the nipple, and the areola which surrounded it, even as Amy's little hum of pleasure raised his own arousal.

His hands surrounded her back. From a position cupping the cheeks of her butt he let them glide up; willingly absorbing her subtle clues. It was time. His fingers found the lower tie of the bikini top; slowly pulling the bow until it released, his eyes hungrily devouring the delectable sight of the tightly stretched material releasing and the orbs bouncing noticeably outward as they were freed from their binding.

Now the triangles hung limply, a single fold running the length of each narrow strip of material, pushed out by the jutting button which still lay hidden from sight at the centre of it. The string ties cascaded down between their bodies, tickling his thigh and flipping teasingly against his firm manhood. Still his tongue flicked against the hidden gem while his eyes contorted to take in the vista in front of him.

He could have just pulled the top over her head, but that would deny him the full joy of the reveal. Instead his hands glided further up, fingers stretched out to find the upper tie. He found it, pulled at it and felt the bow stretch and then release. Mere friction held the material in place. 

A tug downwards slowly pulled the top off Amy's breasts, its progress retarded just enough by the ties still looped around her neck. Before a nipple was even exposed, his tongue had slipped under the material to make contact with the flesh of its projecting hardness, taking it fully into his mouth and swirling it around with his tongue as it became fully exposed. All of the time his eyes were twisted to enjoy the sight of the slow uncovering of the other. Some things never lose their visual excitement.

His hand came up to take the other nipple between his fingers, gently rubbing it between them. Amy always had sensitive nipples. He sensed the stretch of her neck as she dropped her head back and moaned audibly; lolling her head slowly from side to side as her hand on the back of his head held his face into her breast.

With his spare hand once again cupping the cheek of her butt, Ned brought their lower torsos tightly together. Arching his body to keep his mouth on her nipple, he slipped his swimwear sheathed hardness between her legs, pushing the tip firmly up into her crease, rocking it slowly back and forward through the fold of her bikini bottoms that created.

By unspoken mutual agreement they started pacing backward towards the bunk. As the back of Amy's knees connected with it, tightly bound together, they flopped down onto it. Shuffling to bring the full lengths of their bodies over it, Ned jerked his hardness into her crease with each movement, bringing out a little mewl of delight every time and overpowering the more constant moans from the stimulation if her nipples.

One part of Ned wanted to bend down and strip her, quickly bringing his manhood into the full embrace of her body. And as Amy reached down between their torsos to release the drawstring of his swimmers and then started to tug them over his butt, it seemed she was happy to follow that path. But Amy was only the second woman in his life capable of a nipple orgasm. It had been a while since he'd given her one and he always enjoyed it, so he loitered on them; one with its jutting hardness in his mouth, the other between his fingers, his eyes focused down on the rise of her mound where her bikini pants wrapped themselves around the stretched pole of his own swimwear as it lay between her legs.

His reward was to soon have her squirming under him; pinned to the bed by his head over her chest and his thigh over hers as he kept the tip of his shaft between her legs jerking himself into her crease. With a sharp intake of breath and a prolonged groan she came, lifting her hips against his weight but demonstrating it was a different experience for her by not screaming out the string of profanities that usually accompanied her vaginal, g spot orgasms.

The good thing Ned had discovered about making love to Amy was that once she had cum the first time, subsequent orgasms flowed quickly and freely.

It was time. Each sent a hand frantically groping for the waistband of the other's pants. Amy had a head start, having slid Ned's over his bottom previously. But now any downward progress was blocked by the outreach of the shaft that projected between her legs. 

Ned rolled on his back far enough to release his hardness from her crotch. That let Amy stretch out the front of his swimmers to expose his manhood and deftly bring a leg up, hook the waistband in her toe and pull his swimmers down and off his legs.

Ned wasn't that flexible. Anyway there was one more visual delight waiting for him. Bending back over her body, he kissed down her stomach until he came to her mound, slipping a finger up and down the wet fold of her bikini pants that ran through her crease.

For a single moment he lifted his head high enough to take in the glorious vista available to him. That beautiful mound, the thin strip of her bikini pants moulded to it, the deep dampness stained camel toe than bisected the material running down between her legs and the light, coffee skinned perfection of her thighs where they emerged seductively from each leg hem. He kissed the mound. Then, completely overcome by desire, he peeled the front of her bikini pants down. As she lifted her hips to release it from under her, he buried his face in her crotch and his tongue in her crease as his arm stretched out to slip the pants off her folded legs.

Immediately he was back over her, pinning her nubile body to the bunk as his anxious manhood attempted to spear her willing sex. In his haste he missed her crease and got momentarily stuck in the fold between her crotch and thigh before Amy's warm hand circled his shaft and guided it to a spot that positively radiated a wet heat at it. With a single thrust he delighted in the unyielding sensitive flesh of his erection being embraced in the depth of her perfection as the tip pushed aside the velvety folds to open her up to him.

With their legs intertwined, Ned rolled Amy on top to let her first find her own orgasm. Instead she stacked some pillows next to Ned's hips and rolled them back over to bring her bottom on top of them.

Ned rose up over her on outstretched arms, his shaft pushed in deeply enough for his pubis to be mashed against what he hoped was her clit. Being over Amy like this was always a joy. The delicate feminineness of her body capped by those awesome breasts, the shear clarity and perfection of her skin and the friendly youthful beauty of her face all drove him wild with desire.

He put on a smile big enough that he hoped it would convey the tease in his words.

"I thought you girls were doing all the work today to save my poor fragile body from being worn out."

Amy lifted a hand to caress the side of his face with her fingers.

"I think you'll survive what I have in mind for you. The animal can stay in its cage today. I want you to make beautiful love to me in the way that only you know how."

Rather than bask in the compliment, Ned's first thought as Amy said that was to hope he could live up to her expectations. If he'd pondered how he'd come to find himself sharing a bed with two women half his age, being some sort of outstanding lover hadn't topped the list of reasons. Adequate maybe, but lacking the life experience to be much more than that.

All he could really do is what he'd done for her before; let the desire he felt for her translate into a passion to satisfy her. To use what he knew about her body -- an active g spot located at a shallow depth inside her sex, sensitive nipples, a responsive clit and a tendency to have rapid multiple orgasms after her first one -- to achieve that.

He bent down to kiss her as he partly withdrew and thrust back in, grinding his pubis on her clit. Then he bent his head down to suck her nipple as he withdrew again -- nearly all the way this time. Dropping his butt down between her legs as much as he could, he did a short jerking thrust upwards into her elevated crotch, trying to rake the front wall of her sex.

The sharp intake of her breath told him he'd achieved the desired effect.

He repeated the short jerking thrusts at a steady pace, all the while enjoying the play of her jutting nipples in his mouth. It was best when doing this with Amy to keep a simple repetitive pattern. Because her g spot was located at such a shallow depth, it was easy to withdraw too far and come out altogether. And he'd also discovered that a short sharp jerk worked better than a simple more measured thrust. But he was encouraged by the knowledge that when he got it right he was more than rewarded by her response. 

Today was no exception. She was soon moaning and squirming under him. Once he'd achieved that, he knew her climax would quickly follow. When Amy climaxed to g spot stimulation, the results were never subtle and always profane.

As she buried her head deeper into the bunk cushion and lifted her hips off the pillow they rested on, she scratched deeply down the length of his back and cried out loud enough to be heard across half a kilometre of water...

"Oh faaaark.. oh my god.. Ned, more...that's it,...there... more...shit, oh shit..."

All the while Ned continued to try and keep jerking against her g spot to prolong her orgasm -- the "more" she's crying out for -- while the gyrations of her hips made it increasingly impossible just to stay inside her. But Ned knew from the past there's a moment when enough becomes enough for her and the best thing he can do is bury himself as deeply as he can inside her to let her grind her clit on his pubis.

That in a sense was the signal for the next stage of their love making, the part Ned really enjoyed as he long thrust her; finishing each one with another short grind against her clit. Perhaps pounding is too violent a word to apply to it, but he certainly went at it with a will. Enough to generate a bit of rag dolling from her, even a bit of breast wobble in response; all while he stared down at the gorgeous woman under him.

The spectacular thing about making love to Amy like this -- apart from staring down at her body -- was that she seemed to reach a sort of orgasmic plateau where Ned couldn't really tell whether she kept having extra ones or hadn't finished the one before. She just kept squirming and moaning like she was experiencing a pleasure too intense to endure.

At first her body's grip on his shaft had been light; leaving Ned the illusion he could keep going at her for hours while enjoying every moment of it. But after what he was fairly certain was a fresh orgasm, her grip tightened.

Suddenly he felt those first threads of sensitivity that presaged his climax. His response to that was to go harder and faster at her to maximise the pleasure of his own orgasm. Moments later his body demanded he push deeply into her and hold it there as the first squirt of his seed filled her womanhood. He lost count of the number of times he felt compelled to withdraw slightly and thrust hard again to service yet another squirt until he was left shuddering out the final vestiges of his orgasm lying flat on her as her body seemingly wrung out the final drops of seed from his balls.

He was spent, but in no hurry to pull his still rigid shaft from her body. But he was concerned about crushing her if he relaxed his full weight onto her slender body. So, in the way they often finished their love making, Ned rolled them both over, leaving Amy lying on top.

There was always something delightful about having Amy's body draped over his; more so when his manhood was hard and inside her. Her light, lithe, body barely registered its weight on him as it rose and fell with every breath he took. The inner surface of her soft smooth thighs pushed against his own as her legs fell down onto the bunk next to his while her long hair cascaded over his right shoulder. As he wrapped his arms around her he caressed up and down the sensuous curves of her back and savoured the feel of her gentle breath on his neck.

But nicest of all was the push of her breasts into his chest. He could even feel where the hard buttons of her nipples touched the turn of the side of his chest as her ample bosoms flattened themselves against him.

His erection seemed relucent to subside. A good orgasm often worked like that for him, especially while he remained penetrated, but this one more so than usual. Even as he eventually started to soften somewhat it was unwilling to go limp; even less willing to give up the pleasure of resting inside Amy's body.

"Ned, do you love me?"

Ned was taken aback by the directness of her question. Until now it was almost as if the topic had been off limits; too hard given the differences in the ages and the complexity of their threesome. Something to be danced about, hinted at, even teased with, but never confronted directly. Both Issie and Amy had circled the issue in the last day or two but in a way that had avoided directly confronting it.

Still, even if he wasn't ready for the question, he knew the answer. It had grown on his for some time now, but had hit him with incredible clarity as they'd make love yesterday.

There was a danger in an honest answer. Unreciprocated love is a sure way to kill a relationship. But Ned was fairly sure the question wasn't a trap. There was an answer Amy wanted and Ned could perfectly honestly give it to her. 

He brought a hand up to stroke the length of her hair, laying it along the curve of her back as he replied.

"Yes. Unreservedly yes.

I know it wasn't meant to work this way but you're too lovely a person not to fall in love with.

To put all the cards on the table, I can't deny I love Issie too, but I don't love you any less for that."

Amy lifted her head and stroked the flesh of her cheek against Ned's.

"Thank god. I thought I was going to burst if I couldn't tell you how much I love you. I was scared you were going to push me away."

Her lips met Ned's and her tongue extended itself into his welcoming mouth, feeling along his teeth before pushing itself to the back of his throat. Amy squirmed and writhed on top of him as she enthusiastically pashed him; but in her passion Ned felt like something strange was happening. Her breathing, the tension in her body, a feeling of contractions bearing down on his manhood, it almost felt to him like she was having some sort of silent orgasm. But far from her contractions pushing the residue of his erection out of her body, it was as if it was sucking it in deeper.

At his age, Ned was no champion in the refractory period stakes. There was no doubt the girls had done wonders for his performance, but he was no 20 year old and couldn't perform like one.

But he couldn't deny the pleasurable feeling of a rush of new blood into his manhood, letting it regain whatever length it had lost, fill out lost volume and re-sensitising the surface of its now unyielding skin as Amy's velvety folds opened once again to accommodate it. But Amy wasn't showing any sign of lifting herself up and revisiting their recent performance.

Instead she laid her head back on Ned's chest.

"Ned."

"Yes."

"I understand why you feel you have to do it. I understand we're all still working out this threesome thing and I'm good with that.

But when you say something nice to me, you don't need to tell me the same applies to Issie. Let's take that as read because we're in a threesome. You can make it clear if it doesn't and you think I'm even more special in some way, otherwise I just want to hear you talk about me. OK?"

"Yes. Sorry."

"You don't need to apologise. I understand. It's really something for the future."

"OK. Sorry."

"What you're sorry that you said sorry now?"

"Yes, sorr... . Yep."

For a moment they both fell silent.

"Ned."

"Yes."

"I really love it when you stroke my hair and back like that. Can you do it some more?"

Ned willingly complied; occasionally adding some caresses of the soft skin of her face with the side of his fingers to a stroking action that went all the way from the top of her head to the cheek of her butt. Amy just lay there, unmoving; maybe Ned thought as her breathing slowed, even drifting off to a light sleep.

Like Issie had last night, Amy seemed to just want to hold his erection inside her without doing anything more with it. He wasn't complaining about that. It was entirely delightful. He'd had a morning of sex and an afternoon of it coming up. This was a beautiful interlude and he had no sense that he wanted to thrust from below to stimulate himself.
