 [I'm still uninspired for a new story in my preferred first person from the female POV genre. But I've had a number of requests encouraging a continuation of this series. So here's another chapter.

This is a continuation from my previous "Unexpected Threesome" stories; although you shouldn't need to have read them to enjoy this. 

Ned, the owner of a yacht cruising the pacific and now in his early 60's, has unexpectedly found himself seduced by his two long term crew -- nubile girls in their very late 20's. Now a third is aboard.

As before with these stories, I am indebted to the male friends who have assisted me with relating to the male mind and body; and the red wine that made the conversation flow and loosened lips.]

After Amy went below I was left lying on my side on the cushions in front of the companionway staring at Ellen who was staring back at me; sort of wondering what you say to a naked woman when you've just left off chatting with her to go over and fuck silly another woman two meters away.

It wasn't really a situation I'd needed to deal with before.

I felt I needed to talk with her but preferably out of earshot of the girls below.

In any case, it was now time to turn about and set a reciprocal course back to the entrance to Fare Harbour. We'd stood off overnight so we'd come in to the entrance to the lagoon on high tide and in full daylight. Coming about now would get us back about 0800 hours.

I got Ellen to handle the helm while I dealt with the sheets as we came through the wind and reset the sails for a beam reach back. Then with the sun just starting to peep above the horizon I asked her...

"Do you want to go up the bow and watch the sunrise?"

Announcing the coming dawn, the sky had been a fiery red for some time now; casting a brothel red glow over Amy's body as I'd been pounding her and adding to her ravished appearance while stirring my passions ever higher. The actual sunrise promised to be a spectacular show.

We wandered forward and Ellen took up a sitting position on deck with her back against the pulpit rail where she had a view across the luff of the genoa towards the Eastern sky. As I went to sit next to her, she instead guided my head onto her lap, inducing me to lie along the deck.

"I thought you might need some rest after a night like that."

Her voice was devoid of sarcasm; although it might have been well justified. During the hours of darkness she sat and watched as I'd made love to both Amy and Issie and that was after I'd had a fairly passionate love making session with Ellen herself. Mind you, to call what I'd done to Amy 'making love' must rank as a fairly serious misuse of language. Amy had asked me to go the animal on her and I'd unleashed all my lust and passion into my pounding of her. It was certainly making out and both parties had got a full measure of sexual satisfaction from it.

But it wasn't my idea of making love.

Ellen had pulled my head in close against her lower stomach. Indeed, her thighs were far enough apart I knew my head sat lower than that. My ear was against her mound and I could feel the thin landing strip of her golden blonde pubic hair brushing against it as she breathed. 

As she stroked her fingers lightly through my hair I was once again immersed in the aura that seems to surround her; that oh so feminine spirit that she exudes which invades your senses and seemingly penetrates into every pore of your body -- not least of all your gonads. Mind you, staring up at the naked orbs of her breasts could create that effect of itself.

"Was it confronting watching me make out with the others?"

Ellen stared pensively towards the east, her face lit up by the red of the rising sun giving it a radiating glow of wisdom.

"Confronting? No I'm not sure that's the word.

I felt guilty watching, but had trouble looking away.

It was arousing; especially what you did to Amy.

I felt little pains of jealously, even though I knew I wasn't entitled to.

It was unusual. I've never been in that situation before, so maybe a bit uncomfortable too. But I'm not sure all of that adds up to confronting."

"Did Issie warn you there might be displays of public sex?"

"Only in a very offhand -- we'll probably get to see each other make out -- sort of way. Nothing that brought to mind what I saw though."

"You're one up on me. I had no idea. I wasn't sure what to do when she instigated sex in front of you." 

"You looked to me as though you knew what you were doing."

It was a light-hearted challenge by Ellen and I tried to make sure I answered in the same tone.

"That's just because I'm a good actor. Seriously though, every time I saw you watching I was scared I was going to just go flaccid."

"From what I could see, you seemed to keep your end of the deal up."

"Fortunately; maybe more by luck than design. But really it just seemed all wrong. One minute I'm talking to you and the next I'm banging away at another girl in front of you. Didn't you feel put out by that."

"Yes. I wouldn't be human if I didn't. But I also knew that's sort of the deal with the whole thing going on the boat. I knew you were just doing what you had to do to keep everyone happy. That's not to say you weren't enjoying it; but it wasn't as though I had a right to feel betrayed. I was lucky enough to be your watch mate. That gave me pretty good access to you, but the others were entitled to their share.

In one of our talks before I came aboard I'd asked them whether they get jealous when they knew you were having sex with the other one. They said yes, but they solved it by going to you and getting a fuck of their own. They said you're very accommodating of such requests. So I probably should have expected what I saw. I just didn't know it would be so upfront and soon."

"What was it like watching someone else have sex like that. I don't think I'd like to watch one of you girls making out with someone else."

"Yea, well that sort of goes back to what Issie said about the difference between guys and girls. Men have different biological imperatives. Once you get past the jealously bit, it was hot; especially what you were doing with Amy.

I've never had sex like that. Just the passion of it. Just watching Amy writhe around in a state of uncontrolled ecstasy made me want to feel that way too. Even seeing your lust unleashed like that was hot. I was aroused to the point I'd thought I'd cum. It was really hard not to finger myself. I haven't seen much porn, but nothing I've seen made me feel that way before."

Ellen's words were reassuring at a number of levels. But for me the most important was her comment about Amy's state of excitement. I've always been concerned that going the animal was fairly selfish sex from my point of view, even when they ask for it. So it was good to hear an observer saying Amy was so into it too. Still Amy and Issie seem to be special in that regard. I'm not sure I'd assume every girl would enjoy it so much; which raised the question of what I'd do if Ellen asked for it.

"Do you think you'll be able to have sex in front of the others if it comes to that?"

"I've wondered about that. As part of a threesome probably. Doing what Amy did, I'm not sure. I can sort of relate to the fact they wanted their share and that's what they needed to do to get it and maybe I'll be the same one day. But right here and now, maybe not."

"Did the girls tell you they finger each other while we're having our threesomes?"

"Yes, they were joking about it and they do a lot more than that. They rationalise it as a bit like that American college thing about lesbians until graduation or LUGS. They call themselves BOBs or bi on the boat."

I had to laugh at that. I hadn't heard them talk about themselves that way.

"Are you going to be a BOB?" 

"Well I'm not really bi, but I don't think I'll have any hang-up about being fingered or played with by a girl when were in a threesome, so you can call me that if you want. Do you like watching girls make out together?"

"It's not something I get off on. But I've always been worried that a threesome turns out to be a sequence of twosomes with a watcher. So if that gets everyone involved at the same time, then I like it. And I always get off on seeing a girl cum, however it happens."

"Did I hear Amy ask you to 'go the animal' on her before you did what you did."

"Yes. It was something Issie started when she thought I was always being too polite and reserved in my sexual responses to her. It sort of means I should just let lust govern my approach to the sex. I've always felt a bit guilty about it, so I don't do it unless they ask."

"And then you can turn the passion on just like that?"

"I think I'd describe it as unchaining the passion I already feel and normally supress. You have to be in the right mood too, but that's more the norm than the exception. And usually they'll help by doing something that they know really sets me off."

"Do you think you'll be able to go the animal on me too if I ask? Can you feel that sort of passion towards me?"

It struck me that we were heading for dangerous waters with that question. And yet, as was so often the case with Ellen, it was so matter of fact it seemed petulant not to deal properly with it. Still, I took a moment to consider my response.

"I have no doubt the answer will be yes. But I've only known you for a day. For me, that sort of passion comes from a deep connection I feel with both Issie and Amy and the different way I feel drawn to them. And that's taken time to develop. As stunningly beautiful as you are, I think I would feel doubly guilty if I tried doing it yet. I don't know quite how to put this but it might just feel a bit rapey; too superficial to be appropriate to a respectful relationship.

But I'd also need to be confident you were enjoying it too and that confidence is also something that comes with time and understanding the other person's sexual responses."

"I've seen how you get on with Issie. You seem like an old and comfortably married couple." 

"That's very observant. Yes, I've known Issie the longest and as you'll have noticed, she virtually runs the boat. A new person might wonder who the owner is after watching her. But we trust each other and have a fun line of banter that keeps us both amused and connected, like we're two halves of the same person. And from that comes a deep longing for her body."

"And Amy you seem to almost drool over."

"Is it that obvious? That's both fair and harsh. Yes, there's something about Amy's appearance that drives me wild, but I feel an incredible love for the girl who inhabits it that goes way beyond that."

"You know Amy says you saved her from her abusive relationship?"

"I'm flattered, but don't really see how I was the one who did that. Amy left and came to the Pacific of her own accord. It was already over and she was 13,000 miles from him before she even stepped on the boat. She saved herself and deserves all the credit for it."

"I think she'd say you were the one who mentally set her free. She was separated but in a way still shackled by him and you cut those shackles."

"I think I might have just been in the right place at the right time to guide her escape. Maybe I cared enough to make the effort to help her, but I couldn't give myself more credit than that. I really admire Amy's strength of character in doing what she did. Still, it's a privilege to be accorded that sort of status by Amy. All I can really do is respect the trust in me that conveys while still making sure she understands how much I look up to her strength."

"Does her wearing that bikini she had on increase your lust towards her? I thought you guys always prefer naked."

"I feel like there's nowhere to hide here as you peel away every secret I have.

Guys always have a curiosity about how a girl looks naked. But once that curiosity's been satisfied, sometimes the tease factor of the right sort of clothing is more powerful than nakedness in all its imperfections."

"So what do you like me in? How do I drive you into a lusty craze when I want to?"

Ellen kept throwing me with her matter of factness. I had a momentary brain freeze as I navigated my way around that question.

"I'm not sure yet. Don't get me wrong, you're absolutely stunning. But for me, that sort of lust comes from a human connection which doesn't really develop in a single day. I'm completely in awe of you Ellen, so it will. And as for what might be a trigger when we develop that connection, well I think that develops over time too.

But I'll let you in on a secret. I'm not kidding when I say I'm in awe of you. You're like some goddess. Smart, beautiful and a joy to be with. You just have this aura about you that is an incredible turn on. It intimidates me. Do you have the slightest idea of the power you have over me and I can only guess, others too."

I think I managed to stun her into a pensive silence. And then...

"Is that good to have or a long term disadvantage?"

"I would say definitely an advantage. Not just with me, but in life. Your patients must love you; although I would guess it might sometimes be hard to keep your male work colleges at bay."

"Funny you say that, but we won't go into that just yet."

With my head on her lap I'd really had nowhere to look but straight up. Nominally that was at her face, which alternatively look benevolently down at me and pensively off to the eastern horizon. Her mouth as she spoke moved with a fascinating precision which somehow spoke of the intelligence and wisdom forming those words.

But her face was framed by her naked breasts and however perfect the intellect of the woman who owned them, they were still an enormous distraction.

They weren't large; just nice, well sculptured, orbs that sat up perkily on her chest. Perhaps their most distinctive feature was the way they coned out a bit to the nipples which sat teasingly just before the point the breast turned under. It was like they were perfectly designed for their biological role, presenting the nipple to an infant in arms in just the right place. And maybe not surprisingly in evolutionary biology terms, there was something incredibly sexy about that. 

The aura I was immersed in by being so close to her had affected me from the outset. It hadn't given me a full hard-on, but I wasn't flaccid either. Her stroking of my hair and the side of my face had been nice too, but for most of our conversation I'd managed not to have my shaft aggressively bisecting my lower stomach.

But with the last few exchanges, I could feel my body reacting to something. It was like the aura had grown more powerful and, while I was trying to control the degree of my physical arousal, that was becoming more difficult. The proof that what I felt was more than my imagination came when I noticed her breasts and nipples had swelled; the former standing more proud while the latter had become jutting peaks. The heightened aura was nothing less than a manifestation of her arousal.

That one observation blew it for me. My manhood which had previously been content to lie downward between my thighs quickly swelled, rising up vertically in an arch before flopping almost noisily and certainly fully hardened onto my stomach. 

The movement caught Ellen's eye and a slight grin spread across her face. She reached out a hand and ran a single finger up the full length of the shaft from its base to the tip causing it to surge pleasurably.

"That's a very tempting presentment you've got there Ned. But after what's happened during the night, it might be better if I don't take advantage of it. Is that OK?"

I was speaking the truth when I replied...

"I think that's wise." 

We slipped into a contemplative silence. I lay there pleasurably immersed in her aura, letting her stroke my hair with one hand while a finger of the other took periodic strolls down the length of my shaft; teasing it and making sure it never faltered from peak hardness.

Time passed quickly and it wasn't long before the top of Huahine's eroded volcanic cone rose over the horizon right where we expected it to. It was time to prepare the boat for entering into the lagoon.

I went aft to look down the overhead hatch to the master cabin where Issie and Amy were resting to call them up. They were sound asleep; although I was surprised to find, sleeping next to a naked Issie, Amy was still dressed in the dishevelled bikini I'd fucked her in. The triangles of the top were still pulled aside exposing her breasts and the pants still had the slightly askew look that had resulted from some fairly severe pounding. Given the discharge they'd captured after I'd finished, I was surprised they weren't the first thing to come off when she went below.

I couldn't help wonder whether she'd just been so tired she couldn't be bothered or there was some kinky, erotic reason she'd decided to sleep in them. I'd loitered there so long that Ellen came and looked over my shoulder. I just heard her exclaim before leaving off to go about getting the boat ready...

"Humm, kinky."

Which made me wonder. Was she referring to me staring down at them for so long or Amy's wearing of the bikini?

I roused them and called them up. They appeared on deck shortly after, Amy in the same bikini, now restored to its proper fit, Issie in one of hers. Since we could hardly enter the harbour in a naked state, that left Ellen and me to go below to don at least some minimalist swimwear.

Once we entered, we motored over in the direction of Huahine Yacht Club, to see what the anchoring situation was like there. While it was convenient to the town, I decided I didn't like it as a place to anchor the boat. The area was exposed to a sea swell from the SSW which had been breaking on the northern shore as we entered the lagoon entrance and bouncing into the harbour through the break in the reef. It would make for a rolly night. In any case, it was close to the main part of town and would offer little sense of privacy on the boat.

So instead we motored some distance away to an area fully protected by the reef and lying between the two entrances to the lagoon. With our outboard powered inflatable tender, it was close enough to town for our purposes, but far more private and sheltered.

We were in no hurry to go ashore. Some breakfast, an easy morning on the boat and some diving and snorkelling before lunch were more on our agenda.

Huahine is renowned for its diving and snorkelling, so by late morning we were preparing ourselves to explore its beauty. Amy and myself were the only trained divers, so we were planning on taking the tender to a recommended dive spot a short motor away, while the other two used the boat's inflatable stand up paddleboard to go over to the nearby reef for a bit of snorkelling there. 

Which is how I found myself sitting opposite Amy in the inflatable tender, bouncing over the harbour chop, with the boat heavily laden with our diving gear. Of course heavily laden is a relative term. I started my diving in Sydney, where thick long wetsuits were the all year round order of the day for diving. That in turn meant heavy weight belts to submerge you against the flotation of the wetsuits and an equally heavy duty buoyancy compensator that would make up for the compression of the wetsuit as you went down.

On the yacht, diving gear is useful for boating issues such as checking the prop, cleaning the bottom or freeing a trapped anchor, as well as for recreational purposes.

But I've always much preferred tropical diving; swimwear or a minimalist shorty wetsuit in the warmer waters which lead to lighter weight belts and a lighter duty buoyancy compensator all made for a much more comfortable diving experience. Plus the abundance of life in the tropical oceans made it more interesting; especially at the shallow depths I lean towards.
