 [Here, to maintain the change of pace and perspective, Amy continues to narrate the time spent in Bora Bora]

With Liddy due here at 8 am, 7.40 found me sitting in the cockpit, enjoying my morning coffee dressed in nothing more than the bikini I'd be wearing that day.

Five minutes before that, the sound of Ned climaxing on Ellen had wafted up from their cabin through the small hatch that sat on the port side of the companionway. The loud grunting before his climax and the multiple repetitions of the 'oooooohhhhhh'ing' noise Ned makes as he shudders through the little mini-climaxes that follow his main one told me he'd had yet another good one; maybe too good if our objective had been to drain him of all sexual energy for the day.

It had been anything but a quickie. Ellen is a lot less vocally expressive than I am but I'd still heard her have two climaxes before the sounds made it obvious Ned was pumping away for his. The trouble with having watched so much sex between Ned and Ellen (indeed between him and all the other girls) is that the sounds carry so much mental image with them.

Ellen's climaxes might not be vocal, but they're a visual feast; her body quivering with rising excitement beforehand and aggressively thrown at Ned during it. So it only takes the most suppressed groan from her to bring it all to mind.

And as for Ned, the sight of him in full pumping mode is one to behold. You can see the pleasure on his face and transmitted through his whole body. I've watched as the full length of his shaft has disappeared into Ellen and come out glistening with her juices. That's the thing about sex that never ceases to amaze and arouse me; the sheer intimacy of it. The thought that so much of Ned is so deep inside her (or my) body.

I wouldn't have thought that watching or listening to someone I love making love to another could be anything other than distressing. But at least among the girls on the boat it's anything but. It always leaves me aroused; no less so than this morning when I feared some moistness might be penetrating the gusset of the fresh bikini I had on.

But if that other woman was Liddy, I was far from sure my feelings would be so sanguine.

The routine that would usually be followed told me that Ned and Ellen would now be up and starting their own breakfast. I looked up at the sound of the approach of a small outboard motor to see Liddy sitting in the bow of a RIB with a middle aged couple behind her. Seeing me looking at them, she waved.

I moved down onto the swim platform to help her aboard.

"I hope you don't mind me being early. George and Nancy wanted to start their trip early and needed to get rid of me. I don't mind waiting down here if you guys aren't ready."

"It's fine, everyone one will be up. Come and say hello and have a look at the yacht."

I sussed her out as she moved from the RIB to the platform. She was wearing a white light gauze cotton mini sundress, exactly the same as Ellen's. Long sleeved, it had a tailored cut to hug the body's curves, a button down front and a plunging neckline. The latter seemed to be something of this woman's trademark. A thin tie belt cinched the waist of her dress tightly against her stomach just above her hips. 

I'd guess she was wearing one the same size as Ellen's too; which meant it was too tight to accommodate her breasts. She had the top button undone, exaggerating the depth of the plunge at the front and partly exposing the small bikini top she was wearing underneath and an awful lot of breast flesh. This woman also seems to have a thing about red underclothes. Her bikini was a plain red. The top was a slide tri with triangles no bigger than the style Ellen and I wear. Through the translucent material of her dress, I could see the bottom was string sided in a low rise hipster. The back of it wasn't quite Brazilian cut, but not full coverage either; the front a moderately small triangle. Any hope I had that she'd be wearing a grandmother one piece were blown away in an instant.

As I let her climb the ladder onto the aft deck ahead of me, I looked up at her butt. Really! Not the slightest hint of orange peel disrupted the line of her light brown skin. I don't know if her tan was sun induced or bronzer. If the latter she was brave wearing a white dress.

Desperately I tried to find some age induced flaw in this disgustingly genetically blessed woman. I did notice some sun damage to her skin and that it had lost some of its elasticity; bunching up into mini waves where it was compressed as she moved. And just maybe her inner butt was starting to develop some of the hollowness older thin women can get. But then, maybe not. Maybe it was no different to my own.

Moving through the cockpit, I overtook her to lead her down into the cabin where Ned still lurked to find the others not quite as progressed with their morning routines as I thought they'd be.

Ellen was standing stark naked at the galley, filling the kettle. I'll give Ellen her due, she didn't bat an eyelid as I simply waved my hand to her and said...

"You remember Ellen."

To which Ellen managed to reply...

"I'm just putting the kettle on for a cuppa. Would you like something?"

"That'd be nice. Can you do a coffee?"

Brushing past Ellen I led Liddy to the door of the master cabin which was accessed from behind the galley, partly thinking Ned would be there, partly because that's the routine we go through when showing someone over the yacht.

"This is the master cabin."

I looked over Liddy shoulder as she surveyed the cabin and suddenly realised it was making some significant statements about things aboard the boat. There were three pillows lined up across the head of the bed. Strewn around in plain sight were both Ellen's and my dresses from last night intermingled with the clothes Ned had been wearing. And Ellen's tiny panties were hanging on the door knob of a cabinet where they'd been hung to dry after the wet trip home.

Both Ellen's present nakedness and the clothes were a function of the fact we never really had worked out how to deal with our clothing with the rotating room arrangements we had. The master cabin wasn't generously equipped with cupboard space and what was there barely accommodated Ned's stuff. All our stuff was stored in a large locker and storage area that sat on the port side opposite the amidships bunk cabin. Here there was a vertical rack of open shelves, one for each of our gear bags, and a hanging locker and shelving for additional clothing and the boat's sheets and towels.

Normally whoever was sleeping with Ned would take a bikini into the master cabin with them for the morning or just put on the one they'd taken off to go to bed. But we were late getting in last night, dressed in evening clothes, and the usual arrangements hadn't worked out. And nakedness had never really been an issue on the boat; at least once the present arrangements had developed. 

I could see Liddy taking in what she was seeing. With Ned not in the cabin, I turned to Ellen who was keeping her cool with her naked state and wasn't making any rushed move to cover up.

"Where's Ned?"

She simply pointed to the closed door of the head (bathroom) on the starboard side.

"Would you like to see the rest of the boat?"

I led her past the galley and main cabin with its table and settee arrangements towards the amidships cabin. Just as I did, Tash walked out of the cabin topless; moving across to her gear bag to get out something to wear. Tash acknowledged Liddy before continuing to rummage through her bag as we brushed past her, moving along the companionway towards the door of the cabin.

In a way, the amidships cabin finished the story Liddy had seen in the master cabin. The cabin contains two vertically stacked single bunks and it was obvious only one of them had been slept in.

Forward of there I showed her the bow cabin; its double bunk little used because it moves about more in a seaway.

As I led Liddy back along the companionway towards the main cabin, Ned exited the head; as naked as Ellen was. Not noticing us, he walked over to Ellen who at this stage had moved across a little to the sink where she was still facing us but the full length of her left side was visible from where we stood, outside the line of the bench. He'd had sex with her three times during the night and, no doubt still washed with oxytocin and loving feelings, pushed the left side of his torso against her left flank, put his hand lovingly on her still naked butt and asked her...

"Would you mind if we used your little backpack as the second bag for our gear today. I'll take my waterproof harken duffel bag as the other?"

Liddy had a clear profile of him; dangling dick and all. Ned's in that happy goldilocks space between a shower and a grower, if you know what I mean. What's there at rest is an impressive enough sight, but there certainly room for growth too. As he so intimately touch Ellen like that, you could clearly watch as a half mongrel developed; it visibly lengthened and arched up, the tip brushing across her thin, blonde, landing strip of pubic hair.

"Sure." And then as Ellen pointed at us, she added... "You know Liddy's here, do you?"

Ned look our way with considerable surprise and flushed bright red.

"Ops, excuse me."

Ned quickly disappeared into the master cabin and closed the door.

I turned to Liddy who had a bemused smirk on her face. "Why don't we wait for the others in the cockpit?"

One by one the others joined us in the cockpit with their breakfasts and Liddy's coffee, Ned dressed in board shorts and a short sleeve polo shirt, the girls both in bikinis. Breakfast finished, we left Liddy momentarily alone in the cockpit while we collected ourselves together for the trip.

Ellen emerged wearing the same sundress as Liddy, apologising for the fact while indicating it was her preferred walking outfit. Over my bikini I wore a mini A line skirt with a plunging front crop top. Tash wore a pair of hot pants matched with a loose fitting tie front, midriff exposing shirt that basically left her boobs hanging in their bikini top out the front of it. 

Piling into the RIB, we headed down to the head of Faauni Bay where we'd identified a little canal which would take us past what appeared to be some sort of fish farm complex into the heart of Faauni Township. From there we'd start our walk, which was intended to take us up to the Valley of the Kings, then across to Fittiiu Point and back through Faauni Pass to our starting point; with a swim at Fittiiu Point to cool off.

With the width of the tracks and roads we were using, we couldn't really do much other than walk in a 3/2 or a 2/2/1pattern, with the distance between the front and rear group depending on the walking speed of the constituents of each group. As a slower walker I generally found myself at the back and some distance behind the leaders. Initially Ned, Ellen and Liddy formed the front group with Tash and myself bringing up the rear. 

What struck me as we followed the other three was how alike Ellen and Liddy looked. With identical outfits and both with long blonde hair, from behind you could actually pass them off as sisters, if not twins. Only their difference in height - Ellen's 182cm while Liddy would be about 177, with the result Ellen's bikini bottoms always peeked out from beneath her dress, whereas Liddy's just gave occasional flashes of hers - spoilt the illusion of identical twins. From the front, you might have picked them as mother and daughter.

To give her due respect, Liddy made every effort to engage each of us in conversation through the walk. After about 20 minutes, she dropped back to join Tash and myself, Tash taking the opportunity to stretch her legs to move up to the faster group up front.

I must have said something in our conversation yesterday which intrigued her. She'd picked up that my presence in the Pacific was not just a random frolic and that there was something behind it. She gradually turned the conversation back around to our pasts.

I suppose thinking that giving something of herself away would facilitate that, she revealed she'd been widowed at 50; the father of her children dying in a car accident but at least leaving her comfortably off financially. After two years she'd remarried, only to find the apparently charming man she'd fallen for was actually abusive. She didn't put it that way, but she was clearly strong enough not to stand for that. She quickly divorced him; but having obtained enough video evidence of his abuse and manipulation that his attempt to share her wealth failed and indeed, he found himself on criminal charges.

With her kids going their own way and temporarily at a loss as to what to do with her life, old friends of hers had talked her into joining them on the yacht cruise.

That of course opened the way for me to talk about my past and it was actually lovely to be able to talk with someone who understood all too well what I'd been through without in any way being judgemental about my slowness to act. The empathy and understanding she showed in the discussion felt all too real and it was perhaps the most supportive discussion on the topic I'd ever had; not least of all because Frank had always been able to turn on the charm for my parents enough that they did wholly believe what I told them.

But slowly that discussion turned to how I'd ended up on Ned's yacht. And inevitably she very subtly started to probe around the question of the sexual relations on the boat. It wasn't that I wasn't willing to put her out of her misery, it's just I wasn't sure how to blurt out... "You know we all fuck Ned nearly every day."

Still, in ever diminishing circles around the issue, she eventually asked straight out...

"I noticed you and Ellen sleep with Ned?"

I decided to answer in a way that laid out the whole sordid story; making it clear a night sleeping with him was rarely merely that.

"We all take turns. And the one that doesn't get to have sex with him overnight gets private time during the day."

Her jaw nearly dropped, even if her voice remained level.

"So he has sex with each of you every day. How does he manage that?"

I was tempted to tell her he'd had sex five times last night but thought the better of it. Instead I described how Issie had introduced the concept of 'fuck me' bikinis and other clothing and how that, combined with a lot of flirting and other fooling around, seems to keep what we call his testosterone up. 

"Do you girls actually want sex every day?"

"We're the ones who always instigate sex. Ned just goes along with it. He certainly never makes us do something we don't want to."

"But why. I would have thought that's more than most women want?"

I described to her Ellen's theory of 'the fear of missing out', but as she kept gently and unjudgmentally questioning me, I began to realise my motivation was far more complex than that. Yes, the fact we've each came aboard in a somewhat sex deprived state contributed to it; but you'd think that would burn itself out - as in fact it seems to be with Tash, who's needs don't seem to be as constant.

But really, as we talked, I came to fully realise how my ten years with Frank had left this giant empty void in my sexuality. The way Ned had linked being loved with intimacy and highly enjoyable sex had made it almost addictive. The void was being slowly filled, but there was a long way to go yet. On top of that, presenting myself sexually and feeling sexy for it, just seemed to make me feel like sex. It was a self-reinforcing virtuous circle if you think having a lot of sex is a good thing.

At one stage, as I nearly broke up while talking about the contrast between life with Frank and life with Ned, she put an arm reassuringly around my shoulder; making me feel quite close to her.

"How did it all start?"

That of course led me to talk about Issie and how we'd been planning to seduce Ned and of the night it had all just fallen into place and of how when each of Ellen and Tash had later come aboard, they been given the choice of participating or not.

"I suspect you and Ellen really love him, don't you? And I've seen how he loves you guys in return. I'm not so sure about Tash."

"I think that's probably right. I suspect Tash largely uses Ned for sex. She respects him, even likes him, but she's more emotionally detached and for that reason Ned probably keeps his own emotional distance."

"What about when the trip's over?"

"Ned has always said he's too old for us and our future lies elsewhere. He's even encouraged us to have things like 'sleepovers' if we meet someone nice while were travelling about, but none of us have ever done it."

"You don't really want to give him up when you get back, do you?"

"Is it that obvious?"

"Certainly for you. Maybe for Ellen too. But what about if you want children. Ned's going to be too old to start over being a father again isn't he?"

I incoherently floundered for an answer.

"I know. Maybe. That's where a big issue is. I'm not sure how that works out."

I think she'd come within a millimetre of having the courage to ask if Ned was allowed sleepovers too; but held back. 

Liddy and I had been walking alone for maybe 20 minutes. During that time we'd slowly dropped back from the other three. I'd seen both Ellen and Ned look back occasionally to see where we were. Eventually Ned stopped the lead party to let us catch up. In the reshuffle that brought about I noticed Liddy manage to cut Ellen out form the group and have a long talk with her too before re-joining the party that included Ned.

During the course of the morning we manage to find and admire the ancient stone ruins of the original civilisation on the Island in the Valley of the Kings. From there we moved on across the peak of the ridge that runs from North to South on the island and into the little township around the shore of Vairou Bay, stopping for some refreshments at a general store.

Further along out on Fitiiu Point we looked at an old WW2 gun emplacement before coming to the end of the point itself. Our intention had been that, after a swim here, this would be our turn back point. We moved beyond some cottages and around to the South East of the point where we found a private beach and stripped off for the swim.

It was as Liddy took off her sundress that I had my final disappointment. In a way my mother had kept her figure nearly as well as Liddy. Maybe she'd put on a little more weight and was showing some orange peel. And certainly her boobs had sagged way more than (what I assumed were) Liddy's implants. But overall, she wasn't that different. But mum's stomach displayed clear evidence of the children she'd borne. Her navel had always struck me as looking like someone had stamped it in with a large dried prune; badly stretched and with its edges flappy and uneven and surrounded by stretch marks, there was nothing left of the neatness of her teenage one.

But Liddy had escaped even that. Maybe, because I made a point of looking, I could see it had been changed in the course of her carrying children. But you had to look closely and it was subtle. And not a single stretch mark could be seen on the flawless skin of her stomach. Maybe she lacked the prominent mons that Ned found so attractive in me and there was a general outward curve to her stomach rather than a plank flatness. But she had a better figure than most of today's crop of 30 year olds and I was having a lot of trouble coming up with the distinguishing feature that would make it clear to Ned that younger is better.

Just off Fitiiu Point a narrow deep channel stands between the point and the shallow lagoon that forms part of the outer fringe of the reef. Out in this lagoon is where you find some of the postcard sights of the Island like the resorts with their rooms stretched out on pylons over the water.
