 I won't say my first rooting of Tash wasn't accompanied by a degree of guilt. Not enough to spoil the root, but even as she seduced me there's been a couple of reservations.

The first had been a concern about triggering a round of jealously in Amy and Ellen. You might ask what the big issue was. After all, they'd already agreed she'd be sleeping with me that night. The ice had already been scheduled to be broken - to mash Issie's words somewhat.

But in the polygamous world of our yacht, little things matter. Tash had been aboard for little more than an hour and the girls were on a trip that would take less than half that and yet I'd still spent it with my cock buried in her pussy. It's hard to put a finger on exactly what the issue was, but it might be something along the line of suggesting that if Tash couldn't wait until the scheduled appointment did that mean she'd be looking for a bit of extra action every time the other girls turned their backs. 

The second was more personal. In my dating days, a relationship always came before the sex. Even in the swinging 70's I didn't swing that well. Amy and Issie I known for months before this whole thing started.

With Ellen it had at least been a whole day of interaction with her that proceeded her bedding me. And with her obvious intelligence and admirable sailing skills, I'd already fallen into something of a spell over her.

With Tash I'd surrendered to my lust. Pure and simple lust. Sure, she was smart, funny and great company, but an hour is not long enough for a personal bond to even start to form. And I couldn't help but feel that with our age difference that was somehow wrong; even if she was the instigator. But that's just me.

Ellen of course had immediately sussed us out. Probably Amy had too. And that was confirmed when, as I helped them stow their purchasers with all the excessive willingness of someone suffering a lifetime of Catholic guilt doing an absolving penance, Ellen admitted...

"We knew you would."

"Why?"

"She's like Issie. Just goes at things."

"Is that a problem?"

"No, we knew what we were taking on. Amy and I discussed that she's a bit sex deprived and like all of us, she'll be looking to make up for lost time for a while. Enjoy it while you can. She'll settle down." 

I was pleased to see that Tash was doing her own smoothing of the waters. As Ellen rolled into preparing the dinner, Tash offered to help. Normally we each just take turns and Amy indicated she was fine. But Tash pushed a bit further and offered to do the cutting up and other menial stuff to help her along and when Amy relented immediately got up and in to it.

As I sat with Ellen going over the navigation notes from where we'd left off earlier, it was interesting watching Tash in action.

She'd changed into a dry bikini after our swim. It looked new; this might have been its first wear; still a brilliant iridescent pink. And I've have to say it looked like it might have been chosen for its 'fuck me' qualities, even if what best suited her in that area was different from the others. With Amy and her standing there together, it was difficult to keep my eyes focused on Ellen's navigation notes. 

But Tash was also showing her people skills. She and Amy were soon amusing each other; at first with just a few little jokes about their past experiences on yachts, then with a light little banter. As they relaxed in each other's company, I couldn't help but notice Tash moved increasingly into Amy's personal space. With them working around a small L shaped bench, Tash's butt was soon rubbing against Amy's as Tash vigorously cut up some salad ingredients, then as she started singing to some soft background music Ellen had running through the cabin, she was essentially twerking against Amy's butt; encouraging her to reciprocate.

She worked Amy up into the mood of it. By the time they'd more or less finished the marinade for the dinner, they were basically dancing with each other; with a finale of Tash turning Amy towards her and grinding her mound against her as they undulated in time with the music. It was a blatantly sexual performance. As sexual for me to watch as it must have been for her to experience. It would seem Tash was working herself into the BOB mood between the girls and in picking Amy she made the right choice, since I've noticed Ellen in a bit more reticent about it all.

Ellen wasn't entirely pleased at my distraction with the other girls. And given the work she'd put into the notes and the time that had saved me - for a much better quality outcome - her displeasure was reasonable. Initially to get me to focus better, she'd shuffled hard against the side of my thigh with hers and put a hand over it high enough that the back her palm rested against my cock which lay off to that side in my swimmers, and her fingers rested down on my pelvic floor under my balls. All while she pointed out the key issues on the notes with her other hand. 

As she slowly lifted a finger up and down on my thigh and against the cock, she'd induced a hardness in it. That had worked. Nothing like bringing on an erection to attract a man's attention. We got through the notes with me only casting occasional glances at the twerking butts in the galley and finished at about the same time Amy and Tash started their final mound grinding shuffle dance.

Even Ellen's eyes had been drawn to the final little dance with its sexual overtones. As I'd put the notes down on the table, the hand on my thigh had slipped around the material covering my now extended manhood and started twerking it in time to the same beat as Ellen rocked her thigh against mine in syncopated time.

Finished their little display, Tash joined us at the table while Amy set out some cheese and wine. Tash soon guided the conversation towards finding about the history of both Amy and Ellen, nearly as quickly drawing out their sexual histories. There were few secrets for me in what they revealed, although Tash was clearly disturbed, in an empathetic sort of way, about Amy's past involvement in a highly abusive relationship.

It was Ellen who gently turned the conversation around to finding out more about Tash. The key ingredient to her past seemed to be the fact she had spent most of her teens as a squad swimmer; something which entailed spending four or five hours every day swimming up and down pools under the eye of a coach. As she said herself, when you're up at 5 am to go to the morning squad before school and back in the pool again soon after it, there's not much time for other things; including boys.

In a self-depreciating way Tash indicated she'd was often just beaten by the girls who became household names as representing Australia in the Olympics, and even occasionally fluked a victory against them. While she often swam at state and national level she'd never quite been able to get herself into that top elite rank. Still, she was good friends with many of those who had.

Because the topic had recently been in the Australian press, maybe Ellen's next question was inevitable.

"Did you ever have any trouble with your coaches? You know, being touched by them inappropriately."

"With Nigel? No, he was a sweetie. Actually he was quite a dish; but always completely proper.

When you're swimming that much there are times you need a massage to free up a locked or tight muscle. But he was always careful, even if that meant he couldn't do the job properly. When the whole issue started to get some bad press he always made sure that one of the other girls was present as he gave anyone a massage and then decided even that it was too risky and gave up on them completely.

But that didn't work because the muscles would just get worse and we'd get more cramps and have other problems. So by around the time I was 18, he'd taught the older girls to do it for him. But then, we'd be a lot naughtier with each other than he'd ever contemplated being.

I suppose whether being inappropriately touched invokes a lifetime of trauma or a few moments of sexual playfulness depends on the sort of person being touched and who's doing the touching. We were all good friends, so pretty quickly worked out who were the playful ones and who weren't."

"How much touching are you talking about? Enough to have an orgasm?"

"That was part of the game. After all, you had to make it look as though it was accidental or incidental to the massage you were giving. But, yes, there was one time at the end of a long day I was feeling really relaxed and a girl was massaging a muscle in my upper thigh and as she rubbed my mound with the back of her hand I sort of drowsed off and imagined it was Nigel doing it. Next thing I knew I had my first ever orgasm."

I'd been looking at Tash as she recalled that memory and noticed a certain wistfulness in her eye. It was clear she'd had quite a crush on Nigel. Something I thought she still treasured as part of her past. But Ellen let the reference to her coach pass. 

"How old were you?"

"19."

"I always thought those swim squads were a hotbed of sexual activity."

"Not really. Not mine anyway. You've spent half your life with the guys in them; grown up with them as if they're your brothers and friends. Anyway you're too knackered to get up to much.

But looking back, it is interesting in that you come of age with them in a situation where you spend half the day in their close company wearing almost nothing. The girls tend to mature first which leaves the guys feeling rather inadequate. They're also a bit vulnerable in that they don't have much control over their hard-ons and they tend to be pretty obvious when they get one. A couple of girls would tease them, by standing too close to them while you were in line waiting for your turn in the pool, to trigger a reaction. Sometimes you'd see them dragging a hard-on through the pool too; maybe focusing too much on the butt of the girl in front of them or the breasts of those coming the other way. But it was all very innocent.

But then I matured late, so maybe there was a whole lot happening I just didn't see; but I don't think so."

"What do you mean you matured late?"

"I was 17 before I had my first period and until I was 19, I was more like a beanstalk than what you see now. I had some breasts and a bit of a figure, but it was really only after I cut back on my squad commitments when I went to Uni that I fully matured and even grew a bit taller.

The intensity of the training might have had something to do with it. My coach always wanted me to eat more, but I've always eaten natural healthy foods and didn't really want to get into the protein shakes and all that sort of staff, so I didn't."

"So how many boyfriends have you had?"

"Just one; for about a year and a half at Uni."

"How many guys have you rooted?"

"Not counting Ned, 4 including the boyfriend. But that might depend on how you define rooted. One of them kept going off while giving me head and the other two non-boyfriends wouldn't even be fully penetrated before they shot their load every time and none of them were very good about seeing to my needs once they unloaded."

"Is that why you dumped them?"

"No, not really. We were all pretty inexperienced, so I didn't have high expectations. It was more they just weren't right and I was still finding myself."

"When did you give up swimming?"

"Only when I came away to go sailing in my gap year, although I still swim as much as I can. But I cut back a lot during Uni. When these grew they slowed my times a bit. They do cause a lot of drag."

As she'd answered the last question she'd grinned and run the back of her hand across her breasts as the source of the drag.

But in all, it did strike me she was much less sexually experienced that I had thought. Her talk earlier of no guy ever having got all the way in the first half dozen times without shooting his load had created a mental image of many lovers; not the small statistical sample she was talking about.

The evening passed quickly enough. The alcohol content of the night was boosted both the the celebratory bottle of champagne we had for Tash's arrival and the amount of time we'd spent sitting around talking; so our inhibitions were low by the end of it. Low enough that we started doing more - but this time somewhat drunken - undulation dances to Ellen's music; each of them taking turns with me and each other so that there were always two couples bumping into each other in the very confined space of the main cabin. And as before the main part of the undulation was having your crotches rubbing together. 

Initially, all of the girls spent their time with me rubbing their crease up and down the length of my erection. Amy and Tash spent their time together in the no less sexually blatant grinding of their mounds that they had before. Ellen on the other hand started off more reserved with the girls; unleashing her lust mostly on me.

Timing was the tricky bit. When to change partners without making the others feel neglected. Two tracks seemed to be the optimum; enough to get into the mood of it, without making anyone wait too long. But the alcohol continued to be absorbed into our systems and as our brains dulled, our lust increased.

As Ellen came back to me on a change of partners, she lifted her crotch and slipped the tip of my erection under it, bending it down through her crease. Then she pressed her breasts firmly into my chest, tilted her head up and pouted up her lips inviting me to kiss her. I was in no mood to resist. We fell into each other's arms as they say, now just gently swaying to the music as Ellen gently dragged her crotch back and forward along the length of my shaft.

I looked over her shoulder to see that Amy and Tash were also now arm in arm. Not kissing, but instead with their heads over each other's shoulder, the undulation of their whole bodies were directed to rubbing their breasts against each other as, now with their thighs pushed hard up between each other's legs, their mounds continued to grind together and down on the other's thigh. Amy looked back at me and gave me a wicked wink and a grin.

As the second track with Ellen started, she started rubbing her crotch harder and faster, no longer worrying about keeping time with the music. I could feel her breathing more heavily even as our tongues continued to wrestle. With one arm around her back and the other holding her hand between our bodies, I slipped the latter up between us to let me start tweaking her nipple.

Soon all pretence of following the music stopped as she just stood their pashing me, working herself up into an orgasm which broke on her with a quiet groan sighed into my mouth about half way through the track. Her thighs closed tightly around my shaft and she stood there swaying in my arms until it passed.

Amy came to me next, having just watched Ellen's performance and copied her in bending my shaft down between her legs. Amy's a bit shorter, so I needed to bend my knees a bit to make our bodies fit together better; but that had the advantage of bringing me up more closely against her inviting breasts.

Immediately I could feel the wetness of the gusset of her bikini permeate through my own swimmers and warm the length of my shaft. As she rubbed herself along its length, her jutting nipples pushed out her bikini top and ran like marbles across my chest as she brushed our torsos against each other's. It was only after seeing to the needs of her erogenous zones that she too tilted her head up to invite my lips to meet hers.

Amy had clearly worked herself up in her dance with Tash. Almost immediately I could feel her thighs quivering in building suspense. She was groaning constantly into my mouth, leaving me wondering what it would do to the mood of the evening if she started crying out the way she often does in the throes of her sexual excitement. 

As I tweaked her exquisitely sensitive nipple, her groans grew louder, the quivering of her thighs more intense as her movement against my shaft grew faster. She stopped, bore down harder on my shaft, then gave it a few short fast rubs through her crease before, with a sorrowful moan two waves of intense orgasm washed through her as she just stood there hanging off me.

Amy, even though her orgasm had been in the first dance track, was in no hurry to give me up; just wanting to hold me tightly as she continued to rub herself more gently now along the length of my shaft.

So I was left standing there while I watched Tash dance with Ellen. Ellen's inhibitions seemed to have evaporated somewhat because Tash had her in the same hold she'd had with Amy; one where their legs were intertwined enough that each could bear down and rub themselves on the other's upper thigh while brushing their nipples across each other.

But Tash was the one really getting into it. Like the others, just before her orgasm, she broke rhythm from the music to simply rub herself on Ellen's thigh to maximise her pleasure; tightening her thighs around Ellen's as it occurred and grunting audibly enough for me to hear it.

For me, it had been extremely pleasurable; both visually and physically. But these days it was not enough to bring me anywhere near an orgasm. It might have been in my youth, but not now.

So with the girls temporarily sated, I was left with a prominent erection pushing out horizontally in my swimmers. To me that was no big deal. I'd shot a load this morning with Amy and Ellen and in the early afternoon with Tash and didn't doubt that Tash would be making more demands soon enough. I've never thought prick teasing a crime. An erection induced by a girl is a pleasure in itself, even if that's the end of it.

But Amy had other ideas. She dropped to her knees and started undoing my swimmers in preparation for sucking me off. I told her that wasn't necessary, but that just attracted the attention of the other two who came and knelt either side of her. My increasingly mild protests were lost in the noisy conversation where the girls decided they'd do me in rotation to see who could trigger my release. Four sucks each then on to the next girl. I gave up protesting and surrendered to my not unpleasant fate.

But I soon started to feel like a stripper at a hens' party as the non-involved pair became crowd referees; counting down each suck with a drunken enthusiasm. Amy went first, forcing my shaft to the back of her throat to take the whole length into her wet mouth and then slowly drawing it back out with her tongue pressed firmly against its underside as her lips bound it tightly. At this point of the evening, it wasn't going to take many of those for me to blow my load. I still don't know how Amy (like Issie) can do that without gagging. With each suck the crowd referees loudly counted; "one", "two", "three", "four" and finally "next".

After her four, she bent my cock in the direction of Ellen; causing me to half turn towards her. Ellen licked its length twice before taking it into her mouth. Her more shallow penetration was made up for by a slower suck; working her tongue around it and massaging it with her lips and a discernible actual sucking action. But the crowd referee had its own opinion of Ellen's approach. The licks attracted a call of "foul" and her sucks started getting calls of "too long" and "time"; although Ellen's only reaction to them was to start giggling onto my cock as she sucked it.

With her turn finished she bent it back across Amy towards Tash. Tash had never done this to me before, so I didn't know what to expect. She took it in deeper than Ellen, but not as gaggingly far as Amy. I don't know if it was the sheer novelty of being shared between three women like this or the actually sensations in my cock; but by the time Tash was finished it was pretty sensitive.
