 As I climbed off the bunk and put my swimmers back on after having had sex with Tash, I have to admit I was feeling every year of my age. My hamstrings and inner thigh muscles were burning and my back was aching just a bit from having pounded the girls so often during the last day and a half. And while my cock had survived relatively unscathed, there was just something about how it now hung in my swimmers that didn't feel quite right.

I would have thought it would be limp and shrunken but it actually felt more swollen and full and just a bit sticky. I would have gone for a swim to freshen up, but didn't have the energy.

It wasn't that Tash had been particularly demanding; some fingering and fairly conventional and not that prolonged missionary had given her what she apparently needed. It was just it was the straw that broke the camel's - or in this case my - back. In reality, the real demands had come from Ellen and Amy.

I might have said I didn't know what had got into them. But I suspected I did; or at least partly did.

Tash was at least transparent. She was just using me for sex. A dud date and listening to what had been happening on the boat had left her in need of some sexual satisfaction and I was her guaranteed and available path to that. It gave me some inkling as to how women feel when they are used like that; although only to a limited extent. In a way, that's her deal on the boat. She crews and adds a lot of vitality to the mood on the boat and gets sex when she wants it; an equivalent to a friends with benefits I suppose. I've got no problem with that. She gives me the extra crew person I like to have without me having to worry about an extra romantic entanglement and it makes my life easier because I don't have to worry about her being excluded when I'm having noisy sex with the others. And in the case of Amy it's always noisy sex. Very noisy.

In any case, with a body like Tash's, I'd be lying if I didn't admit there was a fair bit of enjoyment for me in it too.

Amy and Ellen's behaviour was more complex. There's no doubt it had something to do with Liddy. I'll admit it, I had a wonderful two days enjoying Liddy's company. Indeed, all the dancing may well have contributed to my stiffness that morning too. We'd just clicked. And while I knew the girls were a bit jealous, I wasn't really doing anything that I wasn't entitled too. Indeed, I was probably entitled to do more, and I know Liddy would have liked me too; but actually having sex with her just didn't seem to me to be right. So it just wasn't going to happen.

Even so, it seemed to drive Amy and Ellen into a frenzy of sexual neediness. Which is why I was now bent over and sore.

As I followed Tash through the main cabin on the way to the cockpit, I looked at the AIS feed on the navigation station chart plotter and saw that Liddy's yacht was now well at sea; having made good progress East in the light morning wind.

I try and put on a brave showing for the girls. I never want to come across as a stooped old man. But there must have been something in my countenance as I emerged from the companionway into the cockpit that gave me away. Ellen got up and caught me half way out of the hatch, resting a hand on my forearm and with her best bedside manner announced...

"Ned, you've had a demanding two days. Amy and I are going to treat you to a full on relaxing, pampered, personally delivered, spa treatment today. We're declaring this a day of rest and indulgence for you."

Ellen gave Amy a little 'get over here' head nod as she spoke, perhaps indicating this wasn't preplanned. As Amy approached, Ellen asked her to bring up the cockpit seat cushions and lay them out in front of the companionway where Amy often sets them out to sunbathe.

Amy duly complied and Ellen was soon laying me out face down on a well padded bed.

"Amy, would you mind starting to give him a gentle rub down while I rig a bit of shade for him. From what I've seen so far Ned, your resort drink is rum and cola. Are you happy with that or do you want me to chase up something more exotic? I'd even run into town to expand our drinks cabinet if you had a passion for something."

"Shouldn't I wait until the mast is over the yardarm?"

"The yacht's laying off facing west enough, I think we can say it's already the right side of the yardarm, so the bar's open."

"Bundy and cola is great thanks."

[Bundy is an Australian dark rum]

Ellen disappeared below, remerging with a light muslin shawl of hers which she proceeded to peg between the boom and the lifelines. It took away the burning feeling of direct sunlight on my back while still offering a generous and relaxing dose of filtered warmth. Another trip below and she reappeared with a tall glass of Bundy and cola; although my first sip through the straw strongly suggested it might be a double Bundy in there. 

Amy had been gently massaging up and down my back. Not a full on kneading sort of massage that a professional might deliver; more a gentle stroking. Frankly, that's how I like it anyway. Warm, womanly hands caressing my back. What could be nicer?

Ellen sat the other side of me down next to my butt. She glided her soft hands along the back of my thighs, from my knees all the way up to the leg hem of my swimmers.

"These thighs have taken a bit of a pounding haven't they Ned?" 

I couldn't help myself. "Taken or given?"

She spanked my bottom lightly. "Don't be cheeky."

Moving down to kneel beside my knees, she turned to face up along my body and proceeded to massage the muscles more firmly; slow, embracing passes up and down their length, her elegantly long fingers penetrating down between my thighs as they wrapped themselves around my legs.

Ellen looked over to Tash who was still sitting at the back of the cockpit.

"So Tash, tell us about last might. That sounded like quite a swim to get home. I'm not sure I'd be willing to do it." 

"I didn't have much choice really. But you can be sure I wasn't mucking about. I might have set a personal best for the distance; more so after I lost my panties on the dive in. Somehow the thought of my half eaten body being found stark naked compounded my fears. Topless, I'd been willing to go with. Naked was something more again. Still, I wasn't going to stop and look for them either.

On the date side, there's not much to tell. He was interesting enough company while we were just talking but a dud lover and really horrible the way he just left me stranded when we were finished. I've already told Amy most of the details; I'm not sure you want to be bored with them.

But I could hear you guys at it all the way over on the beach."

Tash let a moment's silence pass before she added with more than a hint of irritation and hurt...

"You know what really pisses me off? He left me feeling like I was just a couple more notches in his cock that he could go back to the boat and boast to his mates about. Yep, titty fucked her - came all over her breasts! Then I stuck my cock in and pounded her! If the boat hadn't sailed this morning, I'd go and find him and his mates and tell them all what a pathetic premature ejaculator he actually is."

Ellen replied in her best soothing voice.

"Yer, that's the trouble with guys when they're in groups like that. Sometimes it seems like they're looking for approval from their group more than they are the chick they're trying to impress. They might be nice as individuals but somehow lose that amongst friends. Sometimes I think a bunch of girls are better off when they cut a lone male out of the group and exploit him instead."

As she finished her sentence, Ellen gave me another spank on the bottom; making it clear - if it wasn't already - I was the target of that comment.

"Ow. I'm not saying anything."

"Good. Men should be seen and not heard."

Amy had only given us the briefest summary of Tash's night when she came back to bed. At length Ellen drew out the whole sorry story; the titty fuck, condom argument, incompetent fingering, premature ejaculation and all. Plus his abandonment of her. I stayed quiet, figuring this was a girlie talk I had no business even hearing.

The Bundy and cola had gone down fairly easily as the morning warmed up and no sooner was I finished than Ellen replaced it with a new one.

The girls kept talking about guys, their experiences with them and the disappointments they'd caused; all like I wasn't there. It was clear that the male gender hadn't done a lot to endear itself to this group; although they might just have been in the mood for some girlie bitching and download too.

All the while, Amy's massaging got a bit firmer - working more at the underlying muscle - while Ellen's got more personal. The fingers between my thighs found my balls on the top of each movement and eventually found my shaft as it lay in my swimmers under my body. Undoubtedly that last contact was facilitated by the fact my shaft had also grown somewhat firmer with all the female handling I was getting. I'd not been very careful about its positioning as I'd laid down; it was sort of pointing off to the side and a bit down. So that's the way it was now expanding as it lay trapped under my body.

As Ellen touched it, I could feel her prod it with her fingers a couple of times as if evaluating its firmness. Which, in a quantum physics like way, caused a reaction which made the previous evaluation inaccurate.

"OK, time to roll over." A command accompanied by another smack on the bottom. Ellen seemed to be enjoying doing that.

The only problem was I now had the best part of a boner in my swimmers. Yes they'd seen it before. Yes we were all in an intimate relationship. Still I felt a bit embarrassed that I'd reacted so strongly to what was meant to be a mere massage. I rolled over, exposing its hardness lying off at an awkward angle, clearly still constrained by my swimwear, even if I wasn't still lying on it.

But I also suddenly realised how much the one and a half glasses of Bundy and cola had gone to my head; feeling decidedly woozy and relaxed as I turned.

"That looks really uncomfortable."

Ellen stuck her hand up the leg seams and wrapped it around my shaft, at the same time pinching the material of the front and drawing it upwards. Then she repositioned it pointing straight out even as her handling of it completed the arousal process. She'd created a "full horizontal" as the girls call it, even if as I lay on my back it was more literally a full vertical; a Pinocchio nose of clingy, tortured Lycra pushed up by a shaft of blood hardened flesh and sticking out from my crotch. 

"That's better; although it's disgustingly sticky Ned. You might need a sponge bath as part of your treatment."

I lifted my head up to look at her handiwork. The waist drawstring hadn't been tied after I'd had sex with Tash. My hardened mast was now pushing both the waistband and leg seams well away from their usual resting spot. I could see straight through the gap and see the bottom quarter of my shaft and to where my balls were now bulging out of the lifted leg seam and Ellen's hand rested just below them.

Amy repositioned herself; folding her legs yoga style under my head and having it nestle deeply into the lap she thus created as she started giving me a facial.

Which left me staring straight up at Amy's breasts. That certainly wasn't going to help my boner settle down. Amy has breasts that are dead centre of the goldilocks zone. Just a bit too big for her slender figure, they stand perky and proud on her normal straight backed posture; projecting golden orbs of absolute perfection.

Like all her bikini tops, the tie slide triangle one she had on covered less than half their flesh; too small even to be tied tightly against the underboob for fear of dragging it down low enough to expose her nipple at the top.

The view I had was of a line of underboob flesh with two side dishes of side boob on each breast. In the centre of the tautly drawn filmy material that unsuccessfully tried to cover them, right on the most outward projection of them from my upward looking perspective, the shadow of her nipples could be seen pushing out into the burnt orange material. Even in their relaxed warm state, I could see the outline of the plinth of areola on which the slightly bigger than normal nipples themselves sat.

My head rested deeply into her lap, the top firmly pushed against the gusset of her bikini bottom where it covered the bulge of her mons. The facial was firm enough that it generated some movement of my whole head and I strongly suspected I wasn't the only one enjoying its effect; a suspicion reinforced as I watched her nipples tighten and jut more prominently into the almost adhesive material of her bikini top.

Ellen was doing her own bit to maintain the firmness of my erection, brushing against my balls and then having the back of her fingers do a little butterfly dance along the length of my shaft at the end of every upward pass of her massage. I could feel the pre-cum starting to weep from the tip of my cock and glanced down to see a droplet of it had penetrated the material of my swimmers and was now glistening in the filtered sunlight.

As a youth I might have been mortified if a girl had offered to give me a massage and I'd put on the sort of sexual display my body was now showing. Then again the girls of my innocent youth probably weren't touching me up deliberately in the way Amy and Ellen were. Whatever; I felt not the slightest inhibition about it. I was relaxed, it felt glorious and the girls could do or see whatever they wanted. If beautiful half dressed women want to handle a man of any age like Amy and Ellen were handling me, they were going to get a reaction. I knew it, they knew it and there was nothing to be embarrassed about.

From time to time Amy would lift my cup and bring it to the side of my face where the bent down straw slipped into my mouth; inviting me to take another long sip of the cool beverage until, before long I heard the sucking sound of the last vestiges of my second glass of the drink being drained from around the ice which cooled it.

Ellen reached up and took the glass from Amy. "I'll go and top this up."

When she returned she gave the glass to Amy, but had in her other hand a damp cloth.

"Ned mate, your cock's sticky and smelly. We're going to give it a bit of a wash."

Without any further invitation, Ellen drew back my swimwear to expose my shaft; still holding it in the upright position the swimmers had bound it in. I laid my head back more deeply into Amy's lap, closed my eyes and enjoyed the exquisite pleasure of Ellen wrapping my shaft in the warm wetness of the cloth and drawing it up and down its length. 

After a number of firmly squeezed full length passes, she unwrapped it and used a finger pushed into the cloth to do some detailed cleaning around the recess between the bell and the rest of the shaft before polishing over the top of the bell. Then she finished with a couple more passes up and down the shaft with the cloth wrapped around it. It felt so beautiful that she was lucky I didn't undo all her good work by discharging all over her fingers as she worked on it.

Finally satisfied, she wrapped it back inside my swimwear, restoring it to the full horizontal position it had started in. I quickly I felt the wetness the cloth had left on my shaft penetrate the thin stretched material to make it cling more determinably to my shaft.

By now Amy was leaning over my head to massage my chest; leaving her breasts dangling right where they framed the view of my own elevated shaft apparently penetrating between them and leaving me feeling like I was cocooned between the bodies of these two beautiful women. I felt like I'd died and gone to heaven.

And whether it was the state of relaxation their delightful massaging had induced or the effect of two and a half of Ellen's force fed double shotted bundy and colas, I drifted off into a beautiful sleep full of erotic dreams. I didn't so much wake up as drift back again into some sort of state of sentience. 

At first I became aware of the girls voices as they continued to discuss their unfortunate past experiences with the males of the species. Then I recognised my head was still nestled delightfully in Amy's lap and that she and Ellen continued to stroke my body; maybe lightly and with a distracted sort of approach, but no less compelling because of that. And somewhere in that I realised my cock was still sensuously hard and pointing skywards; very much helped by the fact Ellen would periodically leave my legs alone to gently stroke up and down the length of my shaft, as if maintaining an erection was part of her purpose. 

I was almost scared to open my eyes; concerned it might trigger a series of events that would unwind the perfection of my present position.

I squinted them open, hoping not to be noticed. There above me, Amy's breasts still filled my vision; her nipples still tightened just enough that the shape of her whole magnificent areola and nipple edifice stood out, tightly bound in the material of her top, from the smooth perfection of the orb on which they were mounted. Still, something jarred and it took my befuddled brain a moment to work out what it was.

Her lips were heavily glossed with bright red lipstick; not something I usually see on the boat. Indeed, even over the last two nights of partying, only Ellen had been wearing lip gloss and that had been a very muted colour I had barely noticed.

The girls were still talking away discussing the ups and down of their romantic life. I turned my squinted eyes down to Ellen; momentarily distracted as she once again played the back of her hand up the length of my shaft. She too had a bright gloss on; this one a vivid pink.

Something was going on. I first wondered whether a yacht full of compellingly attractive males had somehow anchored alongside while I slept; although that hardly accorded with the conversation. With my curiosity aroused I desperately tried to twist my eyes far enough to the side to see Tash; but the slight movement of my head alerted Amy to my waking.

"Hello. I'd noticed you'd stopped snoring."

"How long have I been asleep?" 

"About half an hour."

At last I managed to focus on Tash and she too had a bright lip gloss - this one mauve. 

"What's with the lip stick?"

"We'd thought we'd do a bit of decoration." Ellen had a devilish smile that told me they'd really been up to something.

"Yea?"

"You need to ask of what."

"OK, of what?"

Ellen put her fingertip on the top of my cock to hold it vertical and with the other hand elevated the waistband of my swimmers to expose the whole length of my shaft. The entire length was covered in alternating brightly coloured rings in the same colours as the girls' lipstick; four sequences of red, pink and mauve. 

"Well, what do you think?"

"My first thought is that I wish I was awake when you did it. The second is that I'm surprised one of you didn't get a mouthful of cum in the process. But it's very pretty if that's what you mean. Whether anyone would want me to use it on them like that's another matter.'"

"What makes you think we didn't make you cum? Indeed, who knows what use we made of you while you were out to it?"

Ellen was staring at me in the most coquettish manner as she made the last statement; daring me to call her out on it. I hadn't really had much experience with night emissions since my early twenties; but my recollection was they always woke me up.

"Oh yea, who?"

"A lady never tells."

"I don't think it happened."

Ellen was playing with me. Still giving me a straight faced innocent look.

"Believe whatever you want if it makes you happy. By the way, we knew you'd be disappointed not to have been awake. We agreed we'd do a freshen up of it when you woke up."
