 [The temporary change of pace continues as Amy narrates their first day and night in Bora Bora]

We sailed around the South of Bora Bora and up along its West coast towards the entrance to the lagoon, arriving about an hour before dusk.

Rather than anchor off the Yacht Club, we motored around the corner into Fa'auni Bay to find a more sheltered anchorage.

The night was meant to be a big one, with a dinner and night out at the Yacht Club, so as quickly as we could, four swimwear clad bodies piled into the RIB; towels and a change of clothing in hand, for a much looked forward to pre-dinner shower and clean up at the club's facilities. After so long relying on swims and brief squirts of fresh water from the transom shower to freshen up with, the shower was something all three of us girls were determined to savour. 

Having giggled and preened our way through sensuously long showers, dried our hair and brushed and styled it to within an inch of its life, it was a good three quarters of an hour later before we were ready to catch up with Ned in the bar.

We were treating it as a dress up event, so for once we weren't out in bikini tops and mini-skirts. 

I'd gone for a mini sheath dress I'd bought under Issie's guidance in Papeete; braless, with a deep v, cleavage displaying, front and little slits up the side of each leg which came dangerously close to showing the string side of the bikini bottoms I was wearing as panties (knowing I'd want to hitch the dress up for the trip in the RIB back to the yacht).

Ellen was in something very similar, except without the side slits. I knew from watching her get dressed that she had on tiny light coloured micro fibre panties and did rather wonder how they would fare when they got wet and transparent on the trip home. I suspected a pussy display was coming up.

Tash went for hot pants matched with a deep vee'd crop top.

Ned was looking suave in long white Chino pants and a light blue polo shirt.

We claimed ourselves a table out on the deck where we could watch the sunset over the lagoon and settled in for some pre dinner drinks. 

It was when Ned went to buy the second round that the night fell apart; at least from the point of view of the girls. Ellen was facing towards the bar when she suddenly blurted out...

"Who's the tart chatting up Ned?"

Tash and I turned to follow Ellen's gaze.

A foot away from Ned, and deep in conversation with him, was this tall slender woman with blonde hair that cascaded down to under her shoulder blades. She had on a tight pair of white jeggings that gave her a butt to die for and a tightly fitted blue and white striped top that conveyed a somewhat nautical look. And Ellen was right, she was chatting him up, not the other way around. Her body was half faced towards Ned as she spoke to him; whereas he was still square to the bar with only his head turned toward her. 

At first we (OK, I mean I) weren't too concerned. After all, with a body like that, I figured she was going to be about our age and really she wasn't that different in figure to either Ellen or myself. It was pretty unlikely that either another 30 year old would want to seduce Ned or that he'd be all that interested in pursuing her. He had enough young pussy to deal with already.

Still, I found it somewhat disconcerting when she put her hand on his forearm in that way you might do in the course of intimate conversation.

With a bit of nodding in our direction, it quickly became apparent that Ned had invited her to join our table.

I was less pleased when, as they turned towards us to come back to the table, I could see her t shirt had a plunge neckline with a pair of sizable perky boobs hanging out of them. Displeasure turned to almost alarm when her features became more evident as they closed the gap between. As they come into the natural light of the sunset, I noticed her skin was tanned a uniform light brown. But the panic really set in when it became apparent she was much older than I first thought; probably in her fifties - although a well preserved one at that.

By the time Liddy was introduced to us, I was already bitchily looking for flaws to mentally run her down with. The breasts weren't nature's originals. They were about the size of mine, but you don't get to fifty with real ones being as perky as that and through the light, closely fitted material of her t shirt, I could see her bra was too minimalist to provide the engineering necessary to support real ones in the lift up position these were in.

I'm not quite sure what it was that disclosed her age, but it wasn't any deep wrinkles on her face. Age lines were there, but they were quite subtle. If she's had work done, it was understated. They certainly hadn't turned her into the scare crowed featured, balloon lipped caricature that many actresses become. Indeed there was more than a hint of what must have been her youthful beauty still evident in her appearance. And dammit, aren't women her age meant to have a tummy bulge. She didn't. Maybe the tight jeggings were holding it all together, but they were doing a damn good job. No muffin top or anything like it; just a flatish tummy.

I could see the grey roots on her hair, so the blonde wasn't natural either; although her eyebrows suggested in might once have been.

I nearly killed Tash when she graciously gave Liddy the seat opposite Ned and moved down to the only spare one on the other side of Ellen. Do you really want Ned to spend the evening staring at her boobs? Tash was oblivious to the threat I felt, although the glances I exchanged with Ellen told me she wasn't that happy about the situation either.

As the conversation around the table warmed up, I suppressed my desire to strangle her and tried to act like the mature and sensible person I wanted to be.

She was a New Yorker, off another yacht in the harbour; the third crew member on a boat owned by a couple in their late forties. She was ashore giving them some private time, which is why she was alone. Inevitably Ned asked about her family to discover she had three kids in their twenties and in the process disclosing she was fifty five. Three kids and she looks like that? You've got to be kidding me!

The conversation over dinner flowed easily enough, but only added to my discomfort. Ned and Liddy discussed their children and raising them, their own youth growing up in the 70's and 80's, world geo-politics to a depth of knowledge and thoughtfulness I couldn't start to participate in and a myriad of other topics that left the other three of us floundering to meaningfully participate in and me feeling just dumb and ignorant.

The problem was, she came across as quite nice. You could see she was trying to engage us in the conversation and there was nothing in her manner that was patronising or trying to put us down.

But none of that stopped us noticing that she was flirting with Ned. She clearly had designs on him and absent any knowledge by her of what was happening on our yacht, she probably thought she had a clear field to do it in.

The discussion between Issie and Ned at the outset of our relationship when Ned was expressing concerns about the age gap, and wanted us to be free to explore other relationships as we travelled about, kept ringing in my head.

"I get it Ned. We're allowed to have sleepovers."

None of us had ever exercised that right. Had it lapsed? Did it ever apply to Ned? Where's a lawyer when you want one?

However nice she was, indeed, because she was nice, I did not want Ned sleeping with this woman. I felt she was some existential threat. Ned had always made it so clear we, in our own interests, should not regard him as a keeper; just some pleasant interlude before we got on with a more serious part of our life when we got back to land. But the flip side of that was, if he was honest, we were not keepers for him either. We offered him no future.

This woman could be a keeper for him. In my mind I had her getting us kicked off the yacht so they could sail off into a future of happily married bliss. Sure, I was getting way ahead of things. He'd only just met her. I had not the slightest clue what he really thought of her, even if the glazed eyes and intense focus on her indicated a level of interest. His body language indicated interest, but not necessarily carnal intent. Hers was clearly carnal intent. That hand kept slipping across to his forearm as she emphasized some point they were talking about - more and more often. Her eyes were dilated and as the neck hem of her plunge t shirt kept moving wider apart, more and more of the edge of the tiny red bra she was wearing became exposed even as I could see her nipples push out the material of both the bra and T shirt.

I was just trying to keep a lid on myself. I wasn't going to serve anyone's interests - especially my own - by going feral on her. Turning into a jealous bitch in front of Ned wasn't going to do me any favours. Rather, I knew I was much better off playing a game of competitive charm, even if it killed me. And I could see Ellen making much the same decision.

The trouble was, nothing had yet disclosed to this woman that Ned was rooting the three of us. More than that, he was in love with two of us who loved him no less in return. Sitting next to Ned, I wanted to put my hand in his lap and feel up in cock in front of her as some sort of claim on him; but that lacked subtlety. 

As the meal finished a band started playing in the background, attracting some couples to start using the dance floor. I saw my chance. With as much polite charm as I could muster, I stood up behind Ned, leaning over him to ask...

"Can I ask everyone to excuse Ned for a dance?"

The woman replied...

"Of course." Ned simply looked a little flustered as he stood up.

At first the music was somewhat fast, leaving me little alternative but to jiggle provocatively and flirtatiously in front of him. But the third song was a slow one. Immediately I draped my body off him, grinding my crotch against his as we shuffled intimately around the floor. As I felt his manhood respond to the stimulation, I couldn't help but smugly think "point made".

But deep inside Ned is a gentleman that tries desperately to be fair to everyone. Clearly he felt some obligation to look after this woman. After the third dance, with the half mongrel still settling down in his pants, he led me back to the table and asked Liddy if she'd like a dance. She was up so quickly, she knocked her chair over behind her.

What we watched next left me head in hands in despair.

They could both dance. I mean properly dance. After getting the measure of each other, they broke into a rock and roll dance that left my jaw dropped down on the table, it was so good. It was like they'd been dance partners all their life as he threw her about the floor with a confidence and style I'd never seen in Ned before. Two rock and roll songs, what I took to be a cha-cha and then came the one that left me feeling sick to my stomach as the band played what, even in my ignorance, I recognised as a waltz.

She nestled into his arms with her tits pushed against his chest as they glided around the floor in graceful harmony. His right leg was between her thighs and hers between his. I'll swear her crotch rubbed on the top of his thigh with every rise and fall of his step. Had it not been Ned and another woman, it would have been beautiful to watch. They dominated the dance floor in their perfection of the dance; attracting the eye of everyone in the room.

Still the gentleman, after that Ned called time on her, holding her hand as they walked back to the table and he escorted her around the other side to her seat before pushing the seat in for her as she sat down. My blood boiled as I thought I saw the damp patch in the skin tight crotch of her pants and could certainly see the push of her nipples in her top.

Ned asked Ellen for a dance, but she was able to do little more than me; jiggle seductively in front of him in the fast dances and hang off him as they shuffled about in the slow one. Why is our generation so poorly educated in these sort of things?

While they danced, it left me talking to Liddy. She showed genuine interest in me, my past and what had led me to a yacht in the middle of the Pacific, but for obvious reasons I didn't really want to get into talking about my history with Frank, so it left me feeling evasive and inadequate. But at least I found out in response that she was a divorcee; making me feel she must have had flaws enough for someone to want to break up with her. Mind you that left me as something of a hypocrite, given my history with Frank and my claim to be the innocent party in that.

Once or twice I felt she circled around the question of the relationships on the boat, but never really gave me the opening to blurt out "You know Ned's rooting the three of us, don't you?" But in any case, I was increasingly recognising that there was nothing I could do to derail however this evening turned out and trying would only make me look bad and leave me in a worse position.

Soon Ned and Ellen were back at the table, Tash politely declining Ned's invitation to dance.

Ned was obviously enjoying the dancing and I willingly took Tash's place at about the same time as some younger guys approached the table looking to get Ellen and Tash onto the dance floor. I saw Tash quickly accept, but Ellen declined.

Having seen Ned in action, at least this time I knew what to do as he took my hand and guided me into some spins and turns. As the music slowed, I did my best to imitate the gracefulness I'd seen in Liddy, but most of the time I felt I was just stepping on Ned's toes.

The night progressed with Liddy getting several more turns at Ned; every time their dancing skills dominating the room. I took every turn I could with him, but felt almost embarrassed to be seen dancing with him so inadequately. Eventually both Ellen and I accepted some of the other invitations we got, but my heart was never in it the way it might have been. And when a guy asked me if I'd come back to his place he had no chance. Even if I had fancied him enough, which I didn't, the only worse thing than being on the yacht listening to Ned bang Liddy would be not knowing what was going on. 

Towards midnight Ned and Liddy came back to the table with Ned announcing that we probably should make our way back to the boat. My heart sank as Liddy walk out the door with us and along the jetty towards where we'd left the RIB. Ned and Liddy were walking ahead chatting amicably with Ellen and me sulking behind them and Tash bringing up the rear.

Then suddenly Ned and Liddy stopped ahead of us and Ned gave her a peck on the cheek, before Liddy turned towards us and called out... "Bye ladies. See you tomorrow."

With that she walked along a finger wharf to which a large yacht was tied. Ned stood staring back at us as we caught up with him. For a while we walked on in silence before I found the courage to say something.

"We thought she was coming back to the yacht with us."

"Why would she?"

"You know!"

"Goodness, I've only just met her. Anyway I wouldn't do that to you girls."

"I thought we were allowed sleepovers."

"You are, but that doesn't mean I intend to. I have too much love and respect for you to do that."

The sick feeling of fear in my stomach was replaced by a sick feeling of guilt. I hadn't seen Ned as animated or happy as he had been earlier. He clearly was enjoying Liddy's company. I felt like a child selfishly denying a single parent a chance to repartner.

"What's happening tomorrow?"

"Liddy asked if she could join us for our planned walk across the Island. I hope you don't mind."

Ellen and I looked at each other; a confusion of emotions. I was chuffed at Ned's pledge of fidelity, unsettled by the prospect of spending a day with Liddy and guilty about what I might be denying him. Maybe for the first time I realised the fragility at the heart of our relationship and ironically it wasn't a sense that he was too old for me, rather one that I was too young for him. The fact was that Liddy was a beautiful and very desirable woman. I saw the extra richness that her years bought to their interaction. If I was in Ned's position I don't know I'd give up the chance to fuck the arse off her and sail off into the sunset with her for the sake of a group of girls young enough to be his children.

When I got a chance to talk to Ellen she expressed the same mix of emotions; but added an intention that I had felt without being able to express it so directly.

"I want to spend the night sucking every ounce of sexual desire and need from his body. By the time he gets up tomorrow I want to make sure his balls are empty and his cock is as limp as a sausage left too long in the sun and smells like that of a gigolo's at the end of a busy day."

Well, Ellen always did have a way with words, although the last bit invoked a bit too much imagination. It was Ellen's and my turn to share the bunk with Ned and no sooner was she in the bunk then she gave action to her words, rolling Ned towards her and quickly getting an erection out of him. It caught Ned a little by surprise, since the hour was late and traditionally mornings were the time that those sharing the bunk with him had their way with him. 

In response to his whispered enquiry, Ellen simply replied...

"It's been a lovely night and left me feeling randy."

She didn't muck about. Pushing Ned past his desire for foreplay, she rolled over on her back and pulled him on top to mount her; the hands on his butt encouraging him to a vigorous thrusting; something less than a "go the animal" but nothing like a "make beautiful love to me".

Ellen's always been able to cum quickly to nothing more than Ned's pumping her like that and it was little more than two minutes before she tensed and threw up her hips into what I took to be a real orgasm. But instead of releasing Ned to come over to me, she kept pumping his butt to keep thrusting at her. She must have been gripping Ned pretty tightly, because a moment latter he went off with a loud and prolonged grunt.

He collapsed down on her, momentarily spent, before rolling off her and over on to his back between us. Immediately I rolled side on to him and started playing with his chest hairs before tracing my fingers down his torso to where his still firm manhood lay; playing my finger up and down it. 

"You know that's not going to be of any use for a while?"

"I'll just have to wait."

Ned rolled towards me so that we were both on our side facing each other. He followed my lead in running a hand down my torso, his fingers tracing down the centre of my stomach until they turned under my mons where a slightly firmer pressure from him pushed them into my crease. Watching him and Ellen had already had a significant effect on me, so he found my body receptive.

I kept playing with his cock while he fingered me and sucked my nipple. Normally that would be enough to have me go off like a bomb in a few minutes. But while it felt great, it wasn't really building to anything. An evening of churned up feelings about Liddy had left me distracted. While his fingers found me aroused and my nipples hardened to his sucking, in terms of moving towards an orgasm, I was feeling only partly responsive to him.

Somewhat for the reasons expressed by Ellen, I still wanted him to get hard and fuck me, but I started to get worried about whether I'd be able to respond in the usual way. And if I didn't, I knew that would have an adverse effect on Ned's response. All of which just worried me more and further inhibited me.

By now Ellen was helping in trying to get him hard again, leaning over his flank and biting along it while she tickled the underside if his ball sack with her fingers. Maybe it was the extra stimulation of Ellen's technique, but fortunately, this was one occasion that Ned's refractory period wasn't too long. One moment he was limp, the next I could feel his cock swell in my hand.
