 Authors Note:

Although this is generally about straight sex, there is a foray into some male bi stuff.




"Well you could always come back to my place and fuck my wife" he said as we sat in a strippers bar just off Deangate in Manchester.

"Really?" I said probably nowhere near as surprised as I would have been had I been completely sober.

I was visiting a supplier that my company withh and had been out on the town with the owner. We had a nice dinner at Grouchos, went to a couple of bars, did some gambling at the Manchester235 and then moved onto a private club just behind 235. It was just after midnight.

"Won't she be in bed?" I asked rather inanely.

"Where else would you want her?" He replied. "You remember meeting her don't you?" he went on passing me his phone. I knew that I had met her, but had little recall of what she was like, other than that she was attractive with a good body. There was a photo of her in her underwear and I remembered her immediately. She was lovely. Good looking, long dark hair, slim with full tits, she was just as I liked my women.

"You are joking aren't you Dave?"

"No, not a bit."

"Won't she mind?"

"No. She has always fancied you."

"Why on earth is that?"

"Well she thinks you are good looking and she is a power junky. Remember you are our mister big!"

I saw what he meant by that for well over thirty per cent of his company's billings were as a result of our relationship and I could take that away at any moment.

"What do you mean power junky?"

"She's attracted to powerful and successful men like you."

"And because of that she is willing to sleep with them?"

"In simple term yes James, but as with most things it is a little more complicated than that."

"How do you mean?" I asked sipping my vodka and watching a black stripper on the small stage kissing a white one.

"Well we have been married for some time and she, well we like to try things to spice up our sex life."

"And having me shag her would do that?"

"Yes, she likes threesomes."

"And that's what this would be the three of us?" I asked my pulses racing a little at the idea.

"It doesn't have to be. It could just be you and her with me watching or not or me joining in."

"I see."

I went quiet as we both watched the two girls removing their bras and panties. As they moved, their tits seemed to stand still making me wonder just what is the attraction of silicon enhanced boobs for, in addition to their odd look they are not that sexy to caress either?

"So James are you up for it?"

Although Dave and I ostensibly were out on an evening of business entertainment, we were just as much on the pull. I had entertained him in a similar fashion when he had been down in London a few months ago. We had ended our evening in a nice flat in Shepherd's Market fucking two hookers in the same room: a typical businessman's night out. I had assumed that Dave would organise something similar, but not for one moment had I imagined he would offer me his wife. It had a lot of appeal.

"Yes Dave, thanks I am."

"Come on let's go then, we live just a few blocks away."

*

In the cab I was strangely nervous. Moving out into the cold air had sobered me up and made me think more logically. 

Having an open marriage with my wife of twenty plus years, I was not bothered or nervous about having sex with another woman; I had done that many times. It was that it would be with another guy present. I was concerned at his involvement, whether that be simply watching his wife and me or joining in. Actually, I realised as we sped through the nearly deserted Manchester streets, the idea of being watched was a bit of a turn on. I knew it would be more so if the onlooker was a woman or a couple as I had been to swinging parties where I had been watched by a man and woman as I had sex and had enjoyed that. 

It was if he went further than that, which concerned me. The big worry was that I did not know how I would respond. I had for some time been concerned about my sexuality and how that might be changing. In Hong Kong I had been masturbated by a man when I had a massage and I had been to a gay sauna in London and had revelled in being naked in and around the pool, in the sauna, steam room and Jacuzzi and seeing guys looking at me. I had enjoyed their eyes on my partial and later full erections and had been very tempted to go into one of the dark rooms, but did not have the pluck and I had left. 

"Here we are," he said as we pulled up outside a smart block of flats. "We actually live in Chester, but use this flat during the week to save the travel."

"Good idea. You sure Jan won't mind at this time of night?"

"No she wasn't even in bed when I called from the club, she's waiting for us."

And she was. She was wearing an ankle length, red silk dressing gown that flowed around her as she moved with her long, slim legs poking out from between the folds.

"Hello James," she said as I walked into the tastefully furnished and decorated sitting room that was dimly lit. "Can I get you anything?"

"I think I have probably had enough thanks," I said worrying a little about getting brewer's droop.

"You won't mind if I sip a red wine will you."

"No of course not" I said as Dave poured that for her and a Scotch for him.

"You sure James?"

"Oh ok how about a white wine."

"Coming up," Dave said. 

"Dutch courage," Jan said looking at me over the rim of her glass that she was holding against her lower lip.

I smiled at her. "Yes something like that."

"Well don't worry, I don't bite" she smiled back adding quickly. "That is unless you want me to."

"Now, now Jan, don't scare him off."

"Sorry James, come and sit on the settee."

She walked across the room her arse swaying and wiggling most provocatively. She plonked herself down on the low settee with the gown parting and exposing her legs to mid-way up her thighs. She patted the sofa beside her. I sat down. I had removed my top coat and was not wearing a jacket, just an open necked shirt.

"Thanks for coming" she said turning and looking at me. She really was attractive and had her dark hair framing her face and tumbling onto her shoulders.

"My pleasure Jan, I thought Dave was joking at first," I replied looking across to where he was sitting on a chair sipping his Scotch.

"No he wasn't I can assure you," she said softly.

"See James, it's all kosher."

"Good."

I turned to look at her and saw that the top of the robe was gaping. I could see her deep cleavage; it did not seem that she was wearing a bra. I could feel myself hardening.

"Ok James?" She asked obviously looking for my opinion.

"Yes Jan, very ok," I replied moving closer to her and slipping my arm round her shoulders. "Is this?"

"Oh yes that's very ok," she murmured turning her face towards me clearly inviting me to kiss her. I did. She was a good kisser, although perhaps a little overly enthusiastic with the pressure she applied to squirming her lips against mine, probing my mouth open and pushing her tongue inside. He arms went round my neck and she pulled my face harder against hers. One of mine was on her neck ruffling and stroking her lovely hair and the other went round her body just beneath her armpit. 

As the kiss continued, so it intensified. Our mouths, lips and tongues were more active and our hands followed suit. One of hers was all over my head and neck and the other was stroking my chest with her fingers slipping the buttons undone on my dark blue, Ralphie shirt. I did not have to move mine far to find what I was after. I cupped her left breast feeling pleased that it had not been enhanced and the heavy flesh indeed was all her.

"Oh yes," she groaned pushing her tit against my hand and slipping hers down my body to my crutch.

With no further ado, I slid mine inside her gown and onto her bare breast, it felt great. Her hand had found my cock inside my chinos and she was rubbing up and down its length.

"Mmmm feels lovely big boy," she said fumbling at my zip as I pushed the robe off her shoulder to expose her nicely formed upper chest. I sucked her already hard nipple into my mouth. As I was doing that, I heard Dave's voice. It seemed to be coming from miles away, but of course it was just across the room.

"Well you two seem to be getting on ok, perhaps we should go somewhere more comfortable."

It was a lovely experience following Jan's swaying, wobbling arse across the lounge and hall and up the few stairs to the main bedroom.

"Nice James?" Dave asked nodding at his wife's bum as she excused herself to go to the bathroom that I needed to visit as well. Jan used the one off the bedroom. Dave ushered me to the one near to the front door.

"Lovely. You really are sure about this aren't you?"

Dave put his hand on my arm, just by my elbow. He looked me right in the eye and that sent a little shudder through me. "As sure as I am of anything James."

"And Jan?"

"She's so up for it she can hardly wait, you should be able to tell that, she's all over you like a rash."

As I used the bathroom, I wondered whether this was all that Dave said it was or whether it was some form of set up. 'Maybe an inducement to get more business?' I thought, not feeling at all opposed to the idea. The promotions and advertising industry, in which I worked was notorious for such practices, but no one seemed to care or do anything about it. I thought if they were both willing to have me fuck Jan, so be it!

"She's in the bedroom," Dave said nodding to the half-closed door across the hallway.

I walked in followed by him. Jan was in the bed with a sheet pulled up to her neck. She looked good. Smiling she said huskily.

"Gonna join me James?"

"Of course," I replied now fully aroused.

I removed my shirt, undid my chinos, pushed them and my socks off and stood in my tight Y fronts. I knew that my full erection would be very obvious to her as would my slightly above average in girth, but not length cock; I was proud of that. As I removed my underpants and she saw it I enjoyed her saying. 

"Mmmm you are a big boy aren't you?" 

I have had such comments from numerous women, my wife included, over the years and, like any man, I guess they thrilled and excited me.

"So I have been told," I replied moving towards the bed.

"And you should believe it," I heard Dave say. "I can't match can I Jan?"

"No dear, but you get by as, after all you know what to do with it."

"Thanks and I am sure James will too."

Looking up at me, Jan lifted the sheet up a little way and said. "Well you had better come and show me that hadn't you James?"

I needed no further bidding. I lifted the sheet a little more and saw that she was naked. She looked great and I was quickly in the bed with her in my arms and my body pressed against hers. Her fulsome body and nice, soft squashy tits against me felt lovely, as did pressing my erection against her tummy that had a small, but not unsightly, mother's pod. In many ways I was pleased to see that she was not following the latest fads of going bald or shaving the hairs into a landing strip on her pubic mound; she was an old fashioned hairy. 

We kissed again. She was a good kisser. Very enthusiastic, with lots of mouth movement, squirming lips and probing tongues, we worked well together as the intensity of our naked embrace increased. Our hands were all over the other; it was unrestrained lovemaking and I was enjoying the unexpected pleasure she was giving me. Her breasts felt gorgeous. Just the right fullness and weight, they were soft and malleable and from the moans and sighs that came from her, they were hugely sensitive. I stroked, rubbed, squeezed and pressed them before pinching and pulling her nipples. I sucked them one by one into my mouth and gently chewed the rubbery pinkness, they tasted lovely. Jan's hands, which were all over my head and shoulders, the thrusting of her body against mine and the grunts and groans she was making indicated she was enjoying it as much as I was. Unless of course she was feigning it to impress me, I thought, but reconciled what the hell if she is!

She found my cock and held and rubbed it, gently wanking me as I rubbed her clit and ran my fingers along her lips. With her gripping my erection, perhaps a little too tightly and with our mouths clamped together, I slid my fingers inside her and began to finger fuck her. I did it slow and deep letting my three middle fingers slide in and out of her sopping wet cunt as I rubbed her fairly pronounced clit with my thumb. She was soon groaning and moaning and writhing her body against me and her pussy against my hand.

"Oh yes guys," Dave said, joining us on the bed. 

At first, I was surprised to see that he was naked and just as erect as me. I wasn't sure I was quite ready for this, but nevertheless my heart seemed to pound harder, particularly when I saw Jan reach out for Dave's cock and grip it. She rubbed that as well as mine. To do that she had to kneel and my fingers slipped out of her. Bending forward, still holding both pricks she licked the length of mine as she rubbed her husband's. She gave good head and I was beginning to think I might cum when she stopped and moved her mouth to her Dave's cock. To do that she had to turn her body and that presented her arse to me. With her face lower than her bum and her legs parted her crease was open and I could see the puckered, almost, brown skin surrounding her hole. I touched it, softly at first, but then feeling no resistance, I pressed harder.

"Mmmmm" I heard her whisper and saw that she wiggled her hips a little. I gripped her hips and bent forward so that my face was near to her full arse. I licked the length of her deep crease pausing and pressing my tongue right on her hole.

"Oh yes," Jan sighed as the tip of my tongue slid in a little way. I reached round her and gripped her tits as I tried to tongue-fuck her lovely arse. I could not get it up very far so I combined tonguing it with licking along the lips of her cunt.

She started to move and I realised that she was coming back to my cock. Looking into my eyes and smiling she held her tits and pushed them against my cock so that the flesh surrounded it. I started moving up and down fucking her full, soft tits that she held pressed together. I saw that Dave now had his head between Jan's thighs and I could hear the slurping and licking as he sucked her. She lifted herself up a little and with one smooth move slid my cock into her mouth and began fellating me, and she was good.

Somehow, without any words, we changed positions and I was again licking her as she sucked Dave. This alternating went on for some time. During that period, Jan came a couple of times, but Dave and I resisted. Whether it was the same for him or not, I had no idea, but for me I was pretty sure that tonight I would be a 'once in an evening fuck.'

"So who wants me?" Jan suddenly asked.

"Your choice James, you're the guest" Dave said.

"Love to, but not sure that I am ready yet."

"Really?" Jan smiled gripping my cock, which though not fully erect was pretty hard. "You seem it to me."

"No I mean to finish."

"Why do we have to finish?" Jan asked licking along the length of my dick.

"Because my greedy dear," Dave chipped in. "James and I have been on the lash tonight, we are both half pissed and not as young as we once were, so once will be our lots tonight."

"Mean sods," she grinned, licking my balls and rubbing Dave's cock that was, at best half-erect. "Fancy leading a girl on like this and then telling her that."

"But you'll get two of us, you greedy cow so stop complaining," Dave said smacking her fairly hard on her bum.

"Mmmm now you are talking," she said smiling.

"But more to the point Jan, I am not ready as I want more of you."

"That's nice James, thanks and I want more of you too."

I kissed her and played with her tits as Dave started rubbing her bum, stomach and pussy. She was holding both of our cocks. How it happened I have no idea for I was well into Jan's ample cleavage, but suddenly I felt my cock being pressed against something and rubbed. 

Somehow, I knew instinctively what it was. Also, I knew that it was probably wrong. Overall, I was concerned, but also excited that she was obviously pressing Dave's and my cocks together. We stopped what else we were doing and looked at each other. Jan's eyes flittered from mine to Dave's and back again as if posing a question, which she obviously was for she was asking if it was ok? Neither Dave or I moved and this indicated to her that we both felt that it was ok. She rubbed them more firmly together and then she took my hand and placed it on Dave's cock at the same time as which she put his on mine. 

Far from being alarmed or revolted, it felt good. Dave started rubbing mine so I followed suit.

"Enjoy yourselves boys" Jan said quietly as she lay on her back between where we were both kneeling. She rolled her tits together and then slid her hand between her legs and started to rub her pussy lips and clit.

Lifting her face up, she licked first mine and then her husband's balls. That and the hugely erotic sight of her masturbating and starting to get herself off right in front of us made us both rub the other's cock faster. In turn, that started to bring on my climax.

"Jesus I am getting near" I gasped looking from Dave to his wife and then down at our hands wanking the other.

"So am I?" Dave muttered back.

"Then don't let me stop you," Jan moaned already going through the traumas of her orgasm.

"Cum on her James," Dave groaned almost furiously pumping himself.

"Yes James, cum on my tits and face" Jan said clearly well into her orgasm.

I surprised myself at just how much cum shot from my cock just before Dave ejaculated. Several streams burst from me and splattered onto her tits and face and were followed by Dave gushing his contribution onto his wife's stomach.

It was over all too quickly. We looked at each other smiling.

"Well done boys" Jan said.

"Ok James?" Dave asked a little sheepishly.

"Yes Dave, yes it was fine thanks."

"And guys, next time don't drink so much and come home earlier" Jan said as she got up to go to the bathroom with our spunk running down her body.

I mentally cancelled my morning easyjet flight and decided to get an early evening train instead.

"Perhaps I could buy you both lunch tomorrow by way of saying thank you," I suggested.

"That would be great," Dave said smiling as he got off the bed.

"On one condition" Jan said returning from the bathroom. "Well two actually."

"Go on" I replied.

"We have it early and we come back here for coffee and dessert, and you can guess what you will have for that can't you?"