 Those of you who are both writers and readers will know that comments left by readers do make a difference to your motivation. I had been lacking inspiration to finish two more chapters of this story until I received the following lovely comment from a reader by way of a PM.

"I miss your writing! I miss Karen and Kate, Greg and Ned, and Ellen (of course!). They've become friends through your gifted prose. Don't wait too long!"

I do wish I could find some ideas for Karen and Greg because they (with Kate) are my favorites. But in the meantime it did motivate me to finish this chapter of this story. Thank you to the reader concerned.

*****

The next week in Fare passed quickly as Issie and Ellen did their diver's certificate.

On those days Amy wasn't entitled to a one on one, I was careful to make sure we had a reason to spend the afternoon ashore while the others were doing the course. No one had said anything, but I just wanted to make sure there was no reason for any jealousy to creep into the equation. I was increasingly finding that open communication and ensuring everyone felt fairly treated were both critical to making the relationships on board the yacht work.

During this time, Ellen also took the chance to get herself tested for STI's and when that came back with an "all clear" it was one less complication in the personal interactions on the boat.

Once they got their diving certificates the girls were pretty keen to give it a go. The next day Ellen and I were back at the dive shop hiring the two extra sets of gear we'd need if the four of us were going to dive at the same time.

When we got back to the yacht, the extra two sets were loaded aboard. By the time the four humans were added on top of that, the poor RIB tender was clearly overloaded. Fortunately we didn't have far to go and the harbour was calm. I just hoped the gendarme didn't intercept us first.

Once we were anchored, gearing up in the small space was no easier. Still we got there even if we did decide that easing ourselves into the water was safer than the usual backflip; since if we misjudged our coordination the RIB would certainly capsize. The only thing that really seemed strange at the time was Ellen turning to the other girls just before she put the regulator in her mouth and saying something like...

"OK girls, don't forget about the incompressibility of water."

The waters of Fare harbour quickly reminded us of why this was such a great dive spot. The coral was absolutely beautiful, the water crystal clear and we'd timed the dive to avoid any currents. Amy had the GoPro running collecting footage for YouTube and the Blog page; the girls happily allowing - indeed encouraging and playing to - the sort of sexualised filming with a David Attenborough background that one might question the political correctness of these days. They certainly enjoyed the attention and consequential sponsorship the sites attracted. And fortunately the former didn't seem to verge into the creepy very often.

Issie made sure Amy was in front of the camera as much as behind it, having Amy swim over the camera while she got what seemed to me obscenely close shots of her impressive cleavage and down her bikini-bridge with the sun sparkling on the water surface over her.

I hadn't being paying much attention and had drifted ahead of the girls while we passed over a sand patch between the coral groups.

Suddenly I felt a hand come up between my legs and cup my manhood, quickly followed by a multitude of hands grabbing me around the waist and hips. Before I knew it I had been turned face up and one of them fully deflated my compensator vest so they could force my back down onto the sand. 

By the time the tank on my back touched bottom, the erection that had exploded with the first manhandling of me, had been exposed by my swimmers being pulled half way down my thighs. Mind you, it was way more than the cupping of my cock that had exploded it. In these sensitive times I need to choose my words carefully least they be confused with more emotional words, but when you suddenly realised you're about to be pack sexually mugged by your three gorgeous, scantily dressed lovers, the surprise isn't the erection, it's that you're not leaving a trail of premature cum through the water before they even start.

Three female bodies were standing straddling me offering me delightful views of their taut bikini crotches; one of them bending down undoing the strap securing my tank around my waist to fully expose my torso while the others were struggling to take their fins off.

All three of them initially sat on me. Amy's breasts floated right over my field of vision as she stroked my hair and face and pinned my arms by my side while the others played with various parts of me and all three rocked back and forwards on my torso; presumably arousing themselves.

Then I felt one of them shuffle back until whoever it was had herself sitting over my hardened cock. As it was embraced by the warm feeling of a half circle of flesh I first recognised it was being pushed into the lady's crease and shortly thereafter that what I was feeling was in fact nakedness.

Issie's distinctive olive skinned hand circled around Amy's flank and exposed her right breast by pulling the bikini top aside and tweaking her nipple; which apart from anything else let me know it was Ellen sitting over my cock. I watched in fascination as the nipple hardened to Issie's touch; growing to poke out from between the fingers that surrounded it. Amy's previously tightly tied bikini top went slack, then suddenly floated off from her body and drifted down. Its tie strings flicked teasingly in the air flow from my regulator until it partly cover my face, the strings a tangle over my facemask as Issie's arm moved further around to play with the other nipple.

I've always found those two flimsy strings that circle the otherwise naked back of a beautiful woman holding on her bikini top extraordinarily seductive; that little bow which requires nothing more than the slightest tug to release it, so tempting. In this case Issie would have had to work around the tank and compensator. Still, a little jet of sexual pleasure shot up my shaft at the mental image of Issie sitting behind her and pulling the knots to let the top float down on my face like that.

Amy relaxed backwards into Issie's embrace. Immediately Issie's other hand circled her left flank and slid seductively into Amy's crotch. I saw Amy try to bend her arm around her own back to try and reciprocate Issie's pleasuring of her. But after two or three repositionings you could sense she was becoming frustrated with the discomfort of it. She gently removed Issie's hands from the various places on her body she had invaded and stood up to turn around. Before I realised what was happening, Amy had taken Issie's hand to induce her to stand too and they were intimately embracing each other. Right over my face.

With a half turn overlap, each of them had a thigh pressed firmly into the crotch of the other rubbing it gently up and down. I watched as Issie mashed Amy's breasts and Amy responded in turn. Then Issie ran her hand down Amy's stomach and slipped it inside her bikini bottoms; the bulge of its presence moving down into her crotch where she obviously felt out Amy's clit.

Amy in turn ran her hand down Issie's flank until she came to the side tie knot on Issie's pants and pulled it, then moved around to pull the other one; untangling the cords to let the pants fall away trailing their strings behind them to play in the flow of bubbles out of my regulator before landing across my neck.

Now I watched as Amy separated the lips of Issie's crease and felt out her clit; running her finger back and forwards across it; Issie visibly opening her legs wider apart to give Amy easier access. At the same time Issie started using the back of the hand that she had down Amy's pants to try and pull them down. But Amy stopped her; instead guiding Issie's hand outside her bikini bottoms to where Amy quickly pulled aside the gusset to revel her impressive mound bulging out from where it was pinched by the leg elastic. Typical Amy; she just has thing about sex in bikinis. 

That didn't bother Issie who quickly slid her fingers back inside the crease she'd been feeling up and back up against Amy's clit. I'd ceased to exist for these two. Their legs straddled my head and upper body, the flow of air from my regulator burbled up into their crotches and rolled up their bodies, the view through my face mask was filled by the sight of each of them feeling up the other, but they were so engrossed in their sexual play it was as if I wasn't there.

That's not to say I'd forgotten Ellen either. After all, she was the one riding my cock; even if it was externally. Once Amy had released my arms as she stood up and dragged Issie up with her, my hands had instinctively moved up to Ellen's breasts where I'd started playing with her nipples through her bikini top. Through the frame of the other girls' legs I looked at her. She was deep in concentration as she pleasured herself on me. Her action was more like a rocking movement with just little short jerks of movement.

Of course, Ellen's last pre-dive message to the girls to not forget the incompressibility of water had told me the minute they'd laid their hands on me that this had always been a preplanned assault; one of those little conspiratorial games they occasionally laid on me. And with her medical training, she had always been concerned about the consequences of a tightly sealed male appendage pistoning seawater into the innermost workings of the female body. Now I suspected the rocking movement was intended to minimise chaff in an environment where the lubricating fluids of her body might be diluted by the water. Ellen was ever the practical one.

Through her facemask I watched as Ellen opened her eyes and looked down at me. Her eyes scanned the sight of the other two girls fingering each other in front of her and I could see her mouth break into a wide smile as the corners of it showed themselves outside the diameter of her regulator. She rolled her eyes at me in response to the flagrant display of BOB (bi on the boat) behaviour.

As she cast her eyes down to where my fingers had raised her nipples into towering peaks pushing out the material of her bikini top, it seemed her arousal had hit a new high as the smile dropped from her face, her eyes closed and a stream of bubbles suggested to me she'd let out something of a groan. She started pushing down harder on my shaft; rocking more vigorously, whatever concerns she might have had about friction. 

Directly above me, Amy seemed to be going through her own sexual highs. I could see Issie now had a couple of fingers in her sex and Amy was rocking back and forwards to multiply the effect of whatever Issie was doing to her. It was as if Amy suddenly decided she was overdressed for sex as she exchanged Issie's buddy regulator for her own and frantically pulled at the buckles of her combined compensator and tank harness to cast it off; dropping it behind Issie next to my waist. Followed quickly by her facemask. Amy has always been a funny one as to how she's dressed for sex; it's important to her to look sexy and feel sexy. Bikinis help her do that; clearly scuba tanks and facemasks didn't.

We were only at 4 metres depth. Still, as any experienced diver will tell you, even a free assent from that depth can kill you if you don't get it right. But I knew Amy was the most experienced diver of all of us - she had some sort of rescue diver certificate - so I trusted her judgement in a way I might not have with the others.

She seemed to be in some sort of sexual frenzy. The fingers of one hand she had buried as deeply into Issie's sex as Issie's were in hers. But as the other hand freed itself of the task of removing the tank, instead of returning to playing with Issie's nipple, she wrapped around Issie's bum and drew their bodies together; desperately dry humping their mounds together as she brushed her nipples rapidly against Issie's.

I could see Amy's upper thighs start to quiver as she approached an orgasm before she suddenly squatted slightly and froze, her legs tensed and the deep reverberating noise of her orgasmic cry and the accompanying rush of bubbles from her regulator came through the water like a distant whale song.

Of course, with Amy, that's not the end of the matter, just the start. Over the next couple of minutes she cycled through quivering and tensing as she went through a couple more orgasms; all the while she was working furiously at Issie's sex and clit while brushing her nipples with her own, trying to bring Issie to one too. And all as I looked straight up from between their legs.

But it was Ellen who went next. She'd been pressing down harder and harder with her rocking motion. Ellen's nipples have always told me when she's about to go. They respond quickly and generously to being felt up, but at the peak of her arousal they go like sizable rocks; growing and hardening just that little bit more. Even through her bikini top I could tell the moment was close.

She's less demonstrative than the others. Through her orgasm she just bent over me; slipping her head between Issie's legs to press her whole torso down on my chest.

I saw Amy look down at Ellen and it seemed to make her work even harder at bring Issie to a climax. A few moment later she was rewarded as Issie tensed, straightened and pushed her crotch hard against Amy's; bringing her thigh up between Amy's to press against her mound.

But Amy was clearly now distracted. As soon as Issie seemed to have settled down, Amy bent down to grab Ellen's shoulder. To say she physically pulled her off me might be overstating it. But Amy's urgency to remove Ellen and mount me herself was palpable. As Ellen stood slowly up - bearing in mind both she and Issie still had their tanks on their backs - Amy basically threw her into Issie's arms, dropped Issie's reserve regulator from her mouth and free dove in nothing more than her bikini bottoms onto my hips; picking up a regulator from her own previously discarded tank as she passed it. I had to admire her diving expertise and chutzpah.

With her mound still bulging from beneath where her bikini gusset had been pulled aside, she lifted my shaft and slipped it into a shallow penetration as she sat on me cowgirl style. In this her stance was helped by the fact my back and bum were supported about a foot off the sand by the tank on my back. So instead of having to knell, she squatted, her thighs spread wide open and her feet wide apart, giving me, with a lift of my head, a panoramic view of her lady parts, open to me like a flower in bloom. 

Amy's intentions were obvious to me from the last time we had sex on the ocean floor. With her g spot having a shallow location, she started to use the tip of my manhood to rake firmly against it; all without creating the sort of piston like seal that would be of concern to Ellen. Her hand firmly grasped the base of my shaft, controlling its angle and depth of penetration, while she leaned back to open the angle; bouncing up and down gently to get the movement she wanted.

I knew my job was to use the easy access I had from her open presentation to stimulate her clit with one hand while playing with her nipples with the other. And while I might describe it as a 'job' and Amy certainly had an expectation I would perform my allotted task, the fact was, it was an enjoyable pleasure.

All the more so because Amy rewards such dedication with numerous climaxes. And the view of my shaft dipping in and out of her sex was pretty good too.

But of course, that wasn't the only view I had. Right above me Ellen and Issie were standing straddling me. Ellen had come into Issie's arms when she was thrown there by Amy with some uncertainty. While this was the most full on BOB experiment I was aware of the girls indulging in, Ellen as a newbi was less imbued with the idea than the other two.

Issie had been fairly quick to touch up Ellen's already projecting nipples and took only slightly longer to slide her hand through her crotch which had become covered by the gusset of her bikini as she'd stood up.

Ellen had reciprocated with a little more hesitation. All the more so since Issie was completely naked whereas all Issie's touching up had been through Ellen's bikini. But Ellen's bikini didn't stay on her body for long. I watched as Issie ferreted around her back and under her compensator to release first the lower tie of her top and then the neck one; pulling it away to leave it fluttering down through the flow of air from my regulator onto my chest.

Issie played with Ellen's naked nipples for a while - even taking the regulator momentarily out of her mouth to suck them, before slowly sliding her hands down Ellen's flank to pull first one and then the other of the string ties to her pants for them to join her top on my chest. It occurred to me my torso was starting to look like a women's locker room laundry basket; with five bikini parts strewn across it.

And so I was soon once again watching as two of the girls fingered each other right above me. They seemed more reluctant to penetrate each other's sex this time. Ellen was using a long finger sliding motion on Issie - very similar to what I do. On the other hand I watched as Issie bent her finger and flickered Ellen's more prominent clit with the tip of her finger; which apart from anything else gave me a less obstructed view of Ellen's rather delightfully large engorged clit.

Of course, I didn't permit my voyeurism to let me neglect Amy, who was still bouncing on top of me; my hands never resting from their allotted tasks with her clit and nipples. I'd sort of lost count on her orgasms. In any case it was hard to tell the difference between one and the constant state of ecstasy she's in between them anyway. Those whale like noises were still coming through the water and she was blowing air through her regulator like you wouldn't believe.

And I wasn't the only one watching Amy's display. When Amy and Ellen had changed places, Issie had turned herself around so that she was now over my head facing towards my feet. She'd now bent herself around Ellen's shoulder and even as she kept intensely fingering her, Issie's eyes were firmly on the action between Amy and myself. 

Issie has always been quite openly a voyeur. We've several times found her after I'd been having sex with one of the other girls staring down a hatch with her fingers down her pants or slumped post orgasmically next to it with a giant wet patch in the gusset of her bikini. And she was now clearly getting off on what she was seeing. Issie climaxed to Ellen's fingering fairly quickly, but I doubt it was entirely Ellen's handiwork that did the job.

The only problem with Amy's rather exuberant reaction to sex is that it's difficult to know when to stop. It can't be my climax because I know that is being reserved for Issie and the other two have been careful not to overstimulate me; even if I was close to being overwhelmed visually. If it was simply Amy's, she would have been off me shortly after she mounted me. All you can really do is wait for her to burn herself out from sheer exhaustion.

By the time she had, Issie had finally brought Ellen to a climax and had another herself; more or less just watching Amy since Ellen's fingering of her had become rather uncertain after Ellen's climax.

Amy signalled it by flopping down on my chest like a dead woman, arms spread out wide and with me still in a shallow penetration of her. Issie waited, staring down until a completely spent Amy literally crawled off me, moving to the side dragging her air tank slowly with her and dramatically rolled over and lay down spreadeagled and face up on the sand.
