 As we dropped Emily's bag back to the room I asked her whether she wanted to change. She pulled at the lower hem of the soaking wet, completely transparent crop top. It certainly had created a lot of attention from passing males as we'd come back to the room; something Emily seemed quite blazie about.

"No, this is what I always intended to wear to lunch. I don't really have anything else suitable. Silly aren't I for wearing it on the boat, but I thought we might end up going straight to lunch. I suppose I can try and dry it better if we have a few minutes."

She slipped it off in front of me and went into the bathroom, where I could hear her using the hair dryer on it. It wasn't long before she came back out, her hands in the air and her breasts exposed, as she pulled the flimsy garment over her head.

"This will have to do. Let's go to lunch, I'm starving."

It was only marginally better semi dry than completely wet. Now its inherently loose fit was more apparent. It sort of gave the impression her breasts could fall out either the top or the bottom at any moment and just dared you to try for a down blouse peek. Had she had anything larger than the tidy perky b cup breasts she had, you would have half expected her nipples to sag under the lower hem. As it was, the way her breasts bounced inside the top was quite provocative. And because it wasn't completely dry, her nipples stilled showed through fairly obviously. 

Still, she knew what she had on and how it looked. The show was largely for my benefit, but if she was comfortable being seen in public with it, I wasn't complaining. At least by the time we got to the lunch room the heat of the day had nearly finished the drying process.

The maître d was the same as the one at breakfast, so you can imagine her reaction when I turned up with Emily.

After being shown to our table, I started our lunch conversation with what I thought was a fairly innocuous question.

"How are things on the yacht?"

"The boat's fine, but I had an interesting conversation with Tash. She asked whether you'd mind if Amy and I slept with you all the time and she just asked you for sex when she wanted it. I told her I was sure you would both agree to that, so that's how it will be from now on.

But we got to talking and a lot more came out than that. She sort of starts from the proposition she has quite a strong sex drive that she has trouble fulfilling. Her basically problem is that she can't find guys her age who meet her needs and while she thinks you're a great lover, she's got a hang up about the age difference."

"I can understand that."

"Well actually Ned, it's not as bad as it sounds. She actually thinks you're a bit of a spunk, so it not a lack of physical attraction. And she really desires your ability as a lover compared to the guys her own age she's had. It's just a hang up about sleeping with someone her father's age. 

Sometimes she can decide to put that aside in the interests of getting a good root. But other times what she really wants is to be able to feel, or at least role play, that it's not her fault she fallen into bed with you; that she's either an innocent who's been seduced or been forced. The swimming coach she had a crush on was no spring chicken either and it's clear from our conversation, as much as from the time she had you rip her swimwear apart, that she's had a massive fantasy about being forced into sex with him."

"I don't know I can ever be comfortable with even pretending that I'm forcing her into sex. It just seems so wrong. Even that time I role played the coach seducing her I had some reservations. It was cutting along the edge of my comfort zone. But it was such a corny role play it seemed harmless enough."

"Maybe. I don't know how many more of those old one piece racing costumes she's got, but if she has her way you'll be ripping them apart one by one. She sort of intimated that any time you see her wearing one, what she'd really like is for you to lock her in a room and just take her; maybe sometimes tying her up while you do it."

"Wooo. This is getting even more complicated. Now she wants bondage too? Once or twice I've been asked to tie someone up to have sex with them, but here it sounds as though she wants me to force her into a room, bind her and then basically pretend to rape her. That's starting to turn a corny role play into something a bit more serious. But actually, it now sounds as though she wanted you to have this conversation with me and drip feed me all these things." 

"In the end, that's what she asked. It's funny. She's so much a person who takes control in every other circumstance, but for this she just didn't know how to start the conversation. And on the bondage, I love you for the fact you're the sort of guy who wouldn't hurt women, but think you're taking it a bit too seriously. Gee, even I could find that an interesting game to play occasionally. Think of it as doing her a favour by spicing it up for her."

"I couldn't really act on this without having more of a conversation with her directly. Is that going to be OK?"

"My reading is yes. In a way I think her purpose was to get all the awkward and embarrassing revelations out of the way indirectly so you can just get to the point and propose some arrangement or agreement with her."

"What I still don't entirely get is why it works for her to take the step of intentionally putting on something that tells me to lock her in a room and take her, but asking for sex and surrendering to the moment doesn't."

"People are complex. We all fool ourselves in different ways. That's just her way of fooling herself. And I think the crush she had on her coach multiplies the effect for her, which is why the racing swimwear becomes the trigger."

"Even when I think about the way she so confidently flirted me when we were interviewing her for the crew position, it just doesn't seem like the same person."

"Ah Ned. I thought you'd understand women better than that. It's easy to flirt. You don't have to be a prick tease to get a bit of a lift from using your sexuality to have a guy wrapped around your little finger; whatever his age. Tash has got the confidence and the body to have done that all her life without even thinking about it. Actually unwrapping the kimono and having the guy come inside is a whole different level of experience and as much as she might like sex, that's when you really have to confront your hurdles."

"Yea, but then she basically seduced me the minute you two were off the boat."

"I suspect she'd built up a bit of momentum and probably justified it by telling herself that's what Issie told her to do. In a way, that's probably why she acted so promptly."

"What about the whole pussy stack thing she instigated?"

"My guess is it was a case of safety in numbers - or something like that. I suspect you'll see more of that approach. It's sort of a 'look how naughty a girl I am' action that lets her divorce herself from the intimacy of sex with someone older. Or that's how I'd read it anyway."

"It's still going to be a hard conversation to have on a crowded yacht."

"I told her I'd suggest you'd take her off in the RIB to finish the talk."

Even though the discussion hadn't been about Emily at all, it left me remembering exactly why I was so in love with her. Apart from the fact she's stunningly attractive, she's just so mature. The tone (if not the subject) of the whole conversation felt like one I would have had with my late wife about our kids instead of a talk about someone her own age.

It's all part of this aura she seems surrounded by; one that makes you feel you're already in intimate contact with her while you're still standing a foot away.

I know the girls look up to her like a mother; even Amy who's four years older than her, so it's not just me.

It also means I feel guilt free about our relationship, even if I can't really work out why she'd love me in return, let alone want sex with me.

With Amy the situation we've fallen into is understandable. Having come from an abusive situation to have someone who is kind to you and actually looks out for and supports you, let alone gives you good sex, could be compelling. But of course, that very explanation raises for me the question of whether I'm taking advantage of her. She say's she's not damaged and knows what she's doing, but, for all her new found confidence, if an independent person stood back and looked at the situation they'd, at the very least, have some doubts.

With Emily, she's totally in control. Quietly and without fuss or even making it obvious. But in control just the same.

All this time we'd been holding hands across the table as we waited for the lunch to come. As the waiter brought our food I could see him try and position himself to get a down blouse on Emily. She knew it too but had the grace to look up and give him a smile and a thankyou; instead of scowling at him. Personally I couldn't blame him. It was almost impossible not to be distracted by her top and the possibilities of exposure it offered.

For some reason, it reminded me to raise with her my intention to take her shopping after lunch.

"I don't think Amy got a chance to tell you as you swapped over, but I took her to the resort store to buy one of those dresses you were admiring when we were here with Liddy. I thought you might like to do the same after lunch; something nice to wear to dinner tonight."

Emily's eyes lit up.

"That's so sweet Ned. You didn't have to do it but hey, there's a dress in there I'd die for. Of course it means I could have worn the dress I was planning to wear to dinner to lunch instead."

She leant in and gave me a kiss on the cheek and a look down the front of her top at the same time. Sitting back up, she added...

"That meant I didn't have to wear this after it got wet after all."

She stuck her chest out and shook her breasts from side to side and up and down, causing them to wobble in the loose fitting top; the briefness of the top being highlighted by the fact her left nipple showed a moment of half exposure at the end of each swing. I hadn't really seen this top before, but clearly somewhere along the line she'd added it to her 'fuck me' collection. And it was certainly having its intended effect.

I suddenly remembered to add...

"There's one other thing about taking you shopping I found when I took Amy. It's sort of your standard sugar daddy move and I'd understand if that was a bit embarrassing for you. I don't mind if you'd prefer to play a less intimate relationship while we're in the shop."

"I don't care what they think Ned and I certainly have no desire to disown you just because of the sensitivities of a check-out chick. But if you're embarrassed then that's OK."

"No, I'm good with it if you are."

When lunch finished an hour later, we found ourselves wandering into the resort shop nearby; Emily making a point of having an arm around my waist as we entered. The assistant was the same one as Amy and I had yesterday; no doubt causing an addition to the trail of scandal we were leaving around the resort.

Emily made a beeline for a rack to the side Amy hadn't really bothered exploring yesterday, pulling out a long red dress in a lightweight satin material.

"This is the one."

A few minutes later she emerged out of the change room a picture of leg crossing, seductive beauty. I was sure it was a rip off of something I'd seen in those red carpet reviews and this one, as much as Amy's, probably got the lead picture. Indeed, the theme of the whole shop seemed to be red carpet imitations toned down to a more tropical look - lighter materials and softer less fussy cuts. Which was probably why it attracted the girls in the first place.

A string strapped backless halter neck led down to some triangles that started just at the top of her breast. On the cleavage line, the triangles crossed over about three inches below the bottom of her breast where the material formed itself into a fitted wide belt structure that circled the garment low on her waist to hold up the long skirt below it and pulled the waistline in, to accentuate her figure, while the weight of the long skirt pulled the material tightly against her flat stomach. The outside of the triangles met the belt along the side centreline of her body. So like Amy's the result was leave a generous display of cleavage and sideboob and more than a peek of underboob trailing in its wake.

The flowing skirt itself just brushed the top of her ankles, making it practical for her to wear with flat sandals

She spun around, showing it off to me. As she came to rest facing me again, she thrust her left leg forward, suddenly revealing the skirt was split to the level of her navel just outside the line of her thigh. The left side of the skirt fell away around her back while the right draped tightly into her crotch revealing not just the whole of her left thigh and her lower stomach above it, but a teasing strip of the left side of her mound. It also revealed she had no panties on; the bikini tan line up her mound and across her hips being clearly visible.

"What do you think? Sexy ah?"

I was a bit dumbfounded; my eyes pooping out as my brain tried to say the right thing.

"It's absolutely stunning, especially on you. But are you going to be comfortable wearing it?"

She looked at me teasingly.

"What's wrong? Is the back too low?"

I gave her an amused, but I'm not playing this game, look back.

"Ok, it does have some coward buttons."

She bent down and pushed together some invisible press studs which closed the overlapping material of the split as far down as the top of her thigh; at least making it something you could wear panties with.

"But I'm not going to promise they'll be closed when I'm out with you."

"Is that the one you'd like, or do you want to try on others?"

"I'll probably get this one but I try some others too."

She spent a happy three quarters of an hour trawling the shop, but the first dress remained the favourite and the one she bought. As we dropped it back to the room, I asked her whether she'd like to change into swimwear for a swim.

She looked at me with an exaggerated contemplative stare. Reaching out, she slipped her hand over my belt and pulled me into her; undoing the buckle of the belt.

"Well Ned, maybe not just yet. The top I'm wearing has done its job. You've had a mongrel in your pants for the last two hours and while I was trying on some of those dresses earlier I thought you'd blow a load in the shop. So maybe it's time to free the mongrel for some exercise. Anyway, I've got a little surprise for you under my skirt; so you don't really wanting me putting on a bikini yet, do you?"

By the time she'd said that, my shorts had been unbuttoned and unzipped and she'd let them drop to the floor and then straightened up my erection so it stood bolt upright, stretching the material of my swimmers well over the waistband.

Before I could even answer, she pulled my T shirt over my head; wrapping her arms around me to bring our bodies together as she brushed her cheek against mine.

"You know Ned. It was only a day, but I've missed you terribly. There was rarely a moment I wasn't thinking about you; thinking about what I was going to do with you when I got you back."

She let her cheek slide back against mine until our lips were together, then slipped her tongue into my mouth; pashing me with the intensity of the movement of her body against mine as much as the depth of her tongue in my mouth. It seemed like every square millimetre of the front of my body was being stimulated by its movement against hers; my stomach as it brushed against the smooth perfection of her exposed midriff, my chest as she slipped her breasts across it, threatening to dislodge them from their flimsy covering, my thighs as they rubbed up and down against hers, but far from least of all, my now rampant shaft as she ground its full length against the lower part of her torso and she angled her mound in to excite herself against it.

Instinctively I brought a hand up to slip under her crop top and cup her breast, teasing the nipple up to a rock hardness until my passion drove me to break the hold she had on me long enough to pull the top over her head and expose the naked flesh of her breasts to the press of my chest.

I fumbled to inch the waistband of her mini skirt down onto her thigh until I could give it a last push to the floor, even as she undid the drawstring of my swimmers, exposed my manhood and confined my swimmers to the same fate as her skirt.

She started to back herself up to the bed, pulling me with her, until she felt the push of it into the back of her knees. Then she simply let herself fall backwards on it; shuffling up until she was completely supported by it before spreadeagling herself out, looking up at me as I still stood over her.

The only stitch of clothing that remained between the two of us was that lace thong. The narrow triangle of its delicate material sat teasingly on her mound. With her legs spread invitingly wide, the triangle tapered into a thin gusset which was now pushed deeply into her aroused crease, the already wet material inadequate to the task of hiding either her swollen clit or the dark hole of her already teasingly open sex.

"I hope you like it. I don't think you've taken me before in this."

I think she was right. Life aboard the boat tends to be lived in swimwear. But, in what I realised later was a rather boring 'I just trying to do the right thing here' voice, I asked...

"Do you want it off or on?"

"Do what you want. It's only intended as a tease for you."

Emily brought her hands in, slipped them under the small of her back and lifted her hips slightly off the bed. Then as she angled her crotch more up towards me, she rocked it seductively from side to side.

"It's offered as is where is. But if you want to do renovations before you occupy it, that's up to you. I don't share Amy's obsession with an equivalent of bikini sex."

She finished by jerking her hips incredibly seductively up and down a couple of times. I couldn't help it. I let my cock surge momentarily; the tall naked edifice of its hardened flesh swelled as it pushed out from where it had been touching my stomach.

"Oh Ned, I think the tenant's rather keen to move in."

It took every ounce of self-control I had not to do a superman leap onto her and just pound her into the bed. Maybe that's what she wanted. Instead I knelt between her outstretched legs, bending down to flick my tongue against her swollen bud. Emily's got a clit unlike any other of the few I've had cause to play with; delightfully bigger and all the more sensitive because of it. More like a clit a guy would think a clit should be designed like.

Emily's not a screamer like Amy. Indeed, after having had to engage for far too long in self-pleasuring on another yacht completely lacking privacy, she came aboard perfectly able to have a soundless orgasm. She's unbuttoned enough now to let out a quiet moan or hum, but we weren't going to have the manager knocking at the door.

And she was already moaning along; all the more so when I took her bud between my lips to suck and pull gently at it while extending a hand to play with her nipple. She still has the art of soundless squirming in pleasure and my efforts were rewarded with a good display of that too. Not anything that made it hard to stay in contact with her, but enough to give pretty good feedback.

Nothing attested as to how genuine her words about missing me were as the speed with which she came to that first climax.

She started to pull me over her, but those panties were far too delicate to be subjected to what might follow. I resisted long enough to pull at them; giving her the hint to lift her butt so I could pull them down onto her thighs and then bring her legs together long enough to let me finish the job.
