 Continuing directly on from where chapter 32 left off, this is another one that has been difficult to get out. Maybe it's not truly 'writers block' more a concern that in trying to develop and be real to the characters, I may not have 'sexed it up' as much as some readers would like.

But it is what it is. One for the followers of this series, certainly. As for the casual reader, I'm not so sure.

I can just hope you'll like it anyway.

*****

As I lay there with my shaft still deeply immersed in her, I could see Liddy was both intrigued and confused by my assertion that she was the one responsible for all the orgasms she'd just had. That confusion quickly manifested itself in words...

"I don't know what you mean."

"Well, you just came up and took the first one; which don't get me wrong, is absolutely fantastic. You could have done that any time to any lover in the last forty years."

"Maybe, but I never found Max standing around in the kitchen nearly naked with an erection. But what about the others?"

"Well, I just fingered you to the second. There's nothing too clever I did for that. But you're the one who gave me permission to do so and drove me crazy with desire to want to. And I'll come back to the standing around naked and aroused issue."

Liddy smiled and raised her eyebrows at me.

"Were you really that crazy with a desire to finger me?"

"Absolutely. And eat you out too. You offered yourself to me legs invitingly apart in that tiny sexy bikini with a wet camel toe folded into your crease and a beautiful breast display. I wasn't kidding when I said I could nearly cum just by looking at you. What man isn't going to respond to that?"

"I can think of one or two. But anyway what about the last two. You did those."

"Not really. I might try and do certain things to stimulate you. But frankly I haven't really got a clue whether they're working. I don't know if I'm hitting the right spot or not and every woman's a little bit different. You're the one who has to be excited enough that what I'm doing works and, I can only suspect, adjust your own position a little to help it.

I've always been a bit nervous about the whole go the animal thing. But it seems to me that it works because my heightened sexual excitement is shared by the girls and it makes them more responsive. And maybe, by them talking about it with you, your expectations were raised and you were responsive to that too. After all, the whole things going to flop if the woman's lying there thinking... 'hurry up and get it over with will you'."

Liddy laughed.

"That sounds like a playback of my 'lie back and think of America' comment."

"I knew you were joking with that one. I'll be honest Liddy. I know I've found myself in a rather special situation. Look at the way we're talking. I could never bring myself to have this frank a conversation with [my late wife] Alison. And that's largely because I doubt she would have willingly participated. From what you've said, the same probably applied to Max.

It's largely the girls have brought this about, really starting with Issie, who never beat around the bush on these things. They sort of sexualised the whole environment and suddenly what wasn't possible became possible, including talking honestly. And in the end, that facilitated me being discovered standing around at the galley with an erection when you got up and you being willing to act on that."

"They told me they sexually tease you to keep you at your peak. In fact, from what they told me, it seems a wonder you don't have a permanent erection."

"They weren't lying. It works too; although I was aware of the effect even when I was married. 

You've been fairly honest about giving me insights to your marital sex, so I suppose I can give you insights into mine without feeling I'm slighting Alison's memory. We had an active sex life right up to the time she got sick. But there were plenty of times in the later years I was trying to bang away at her with not much of an erection. It didn't always come up when I wanted it too and didn't stay as hard as I might have liked.

A couple of times my daughter arranged to take a group of her Uni friends out on the yacht for a picnic at a beach up the harbour. Alison and I were entertaining a dozen, beautiful, really lovely young women dressed in nothing more than tiny bikinis. They were nice kids. We knew most of them from previous visits to our house and on the yacht they interacted with us well and didn't treat us as though we had leprosy. They also weren't scared about getting close and personal when, say, I was supervising them while they had a steer of the boat or showing them how to use a winch.

I can tell you, the fastest growing and hardest erections I'd had in quite a while were for the week or two after one of those trips. It wasn't that I was thinking of having sex with one of them. It was just that being in such a sexualised environment somehow gave me a hormone boost. It was better than an elixir of youth. 

Alison could have the same effect on me if she decided to dress attractively. But like a lot of women, there came a time she sort of decided she was too old to flaunt it, even if she still had a lot to flaunt. So I sort of lost my hormone boost from that direction and had to find it where I could.

And as for what the girls do with what they call their 'fuck me' bikinis and sexual playfulness, all I can do is repeat that it works. If you'd told me two years ago I'd be able to sustain having sex two or three times a day I'd have laughed at you. 

And normally I can't even hope to stimulate a g spot with my shaft unless it's rock hard. So again, if the girls enjoy sex with me, it's largely of their doing, not mine."

Liddy put on a very intentionally cheeky voice, to offer...

"So, I only get good sex if I dress like a tart."

All I could do was smile broadly.

"Oow, I don't think I want to even start to go there. It sounds like pretty dangerous territory for a male. All I can say it that you seem to have discovered that you like certain things about yourself and that does good things for me. But ultimately, it's your body and your choice."

Liddy nudged me in the flank.

"That was a cowardly answer."

"Absolutely. You live a lot longer that way."

Through all this I'd remained hard and penetrated in Liddy. It wasn't entirely my doing. The sexualised conversation and her playful attitude towards it had helped. So was the fact she was squeezing down her sex on it occasionally. She cheekily raised her hips and ground her mons on my pubis.

"It's still hard. Does it want more?"

"Well, it always wants more, but there's a difference between wanting more and sustaining itself for more. It's still enjoying the afterglow of the last one, but there no substance behind it."

"If I put that bikini back on and sat on your face, would that give it substance?"

"I don't think that a spent erection can ever reacquire substance. But with sufficient provocation it can be induced to surrender its existence to make room for a new one; and that might well be sufficient provocation. But it sounds to me as if you're the one who wants more."

"I don't know. I once asked the girls if they really wanted sex every day, let alone multiple times a day. It seemed like a guy fantasy that just didn't seem normal for a woman to want. And yet look at me now...I'm not sure... but I think I do. I'm not sure I'm satisfied enough yet to give you back to the other girls. Which actually sort of accords with what the girls said about the fear of missing out."

"It's been a long time for you, so it's nothing to feel guilty about. But you're being a bit hard on guys. I've never had a fantasy about having sex multiple times a day, nearly every day. Occasionally, for a dirty weekend with my wife, maybe. But on a sustained basis, definitely never. If you'd told me in advance that, if I touched one of the girls on the yacht I'd be subject to some sort of Greek mythological type curse that required me to service each of them daily, I have run away in fear."

Liddy playfully dug me in the ribs again.

"Fear of the sex or fear of not being able to perform?"

"Definitely both. And I still don't know how I do it, except to be able to honestly say, yet again, it's the girls that do it."

By now I had gone soft enough it was time to withdraw. I lifted my hips, letting the residue of my erection slide out of her. Liddy signalled for me to roll off her onto my side and as I did that, she sat up, getting me to roll further onto my back.

"I'll deal with this."

Liddy slipped the used condom off me - capturing my cum in the saggy end - picked up her bikini pants from the foot of the bunk and disappeared out of the cabin.

When she returned, she had a fresh pair of the postage stamp like mini bikini pants on; the same stretched string and tiny swatch of material style, except these were in a hot pink. She also had a wet cloth in her hands, which she proceeded to use to gently, but very thoroughly, clean my manhood. She took her time too; the warmth of the cloth and the tenderness with which she went about it sensitising my cock to an extent I wouldn't have thought possible after so recently having had sex with her.

Chucking the cloth into the corner near the door, she stood alongside my head. With her hands above her head placed flat on the roof of the cabin, she slowly and very provocatively swayed her hips with an open legged, thrust forward, stance. With the low bunk, that resulted in her mons being virtually right above my face as it oscillated sexily across my line of vision. Liddy was looking down at me, a broad cheeky smile lighting up her face.

Whether she'd pressed it there to excite me, or it was naturally how it sat, I wasn't sure; but a pronounced camel toe ran through the tiny crotch.

I didn't want to stop the dance; but nor did I wish to lie there like a stunned mullet. Grinning back, I pushed my finger into the camel toe, letting my hand move with the sway of her hips; teasing her as I lightly rubbed it. It must have had a nice effect on her because her nipples tightened and jutted as I watched.

She bore down on my finger; making a dip of her hips a part of her dance.

"I think it might be time to sit on your face."

"Sit away."

"How do I do it?"

"You've never done it before?"

"No."

"That depends which way you want to face. Straddle my shoulders and just have the front of your crotch overlap my chin. You know you don't have to wear the pants don't you."

"Yes but I've never done this before. It makes me feel less shy that they're there. You can do what you want with them, but I feel better starting this way; especially as I thought you liked them."

"They're beautiful and very sexy. If you'd like them there, that's all that matters."

Still, swaying her hips to an imaginary beat with my finger following every move, Liddy complied; kneeling over me in a provocative dance before lowering herself closer to my lips. I lifted my head and wrapped my mouth comfortably around her mons. A bit like Amy's her mons consisted of a sexually suggestive narrow prominent bulge, with a tight turn at it's base; just right for wrapping your lips around. I forced my tongue deeply into the crease in her pants and sliding it up and down the thin unlined material over where I knew her clit was. Getting a better sense of where the obviously swollen bud now lay, I turned the tip of my tongue up to it; alternatively flicking it and pushing the quickly wet material of her pants down to mould around it.

Liddy quivered around on top of me without moving much, the little constant stream of 'oooowwww' telling me I was hitting the right spot.

After a while, I dropped my mouth away as I came up for air; bringing my fingers up to continue stimulating her while enjoying the view I had of her bud, sheathed as it was in the finest most ductile spandex.

Liddy managed to get some words out between her moans.

"Ned, how do I do a 69?"

"You know that's where you're sucking my cock while I'm tonguing and sucking you, don't you?"

"Yes."

"Turn around and bend down over me."

Liddy took a moment to face the other way. As she settled over me, she commented...

"Does that mean my ass is over your nose?"

"Sort of."

"Oh my, I'm even more glad I've got the bikini pants on now. I don't think I could do it otherwise."

Which rather amused me, because she was about to stick my cock in her mouth, but was more worried by the proximity of her ass to my nose.

As she bent over, I noticed these were slightly different pants to her red ones; having a two inch wide strip of material through the back of them - folded deeply into her crack - which flared out to a whale tail at the waistband, instead of the crack floss more commonly associated with thong swimwear. Which in some ways made them even sexier from the point of view I then found myself in; even more so because of the nicely rounded, firm ,olive skinned glutes that framed them.

Liddy ran her hand down my stomach until she reached my manhood. By then it had started to recover from its earlier exercise. It was sensitive and less than flaccid; even if not exactly hard. Her first touch of it was delightful; just a little burst of pleasure. As I felt her lips surround the tip, I lay my head back and let out a little groan as it engorged and hardened into her mouth.

If Liddy hadn't done this before I wasn't exactly expecting her to deep throat me. But I could tell she was putting her heart and soul into making the most of it to pleasure me; with half its length going in and out of her mouth as both her lips and tongue were applied to stimulate it, while all the while sucking furiously on it.

At first I had her bum rising and falling in front of me with every suck of my cock. It was a delightful and very stimulating view - especially in that tiny bikini and more so because of the way it wrapped itself seductively around her bulging mound. But it made it impossible for me to stimulate her with anything but my finger. She must have sensed that I tried a few times to bring my lips to her crotch only to collide with her retuning bum or have it run away from me as she sucked me in, because she changed her technique to one that reduced the movement.

That let me suck on the turn of her mound again, forcing my tongue up against her clit. I figured Liddy was now sufficiently engaged down the other end that she wouldn't mind if I exposed her down my end; pulling the tiny strip of material aside to let me flick my tongue directly against the flesh of her engorged bud.

Her labia were swelled up and open like a flower in bloom and her sex was clearly receptive. There seemed to residual lube on her clit from our earlier engagement. Tenderly, I penetrated her with my finger, finding her sex also still well lubricated; both with her own juices and what was left over from before.

With first one finger, then a second, I sought out where I thought her g spot lay; raking my finger firmly against it as I continued to flick my tongue on her clit.

If this was Ellen, I be in danger of getting squirted in the face as she came. Fortunately - although only on a sample size of one - Liddy hadn't yet shown any inclination to this.

I heard and felt Liddy moan onto my shaft in her mouth. I'd found the right spot!

As I took the flesh of her clit between my lips and flicked the tip of it with my tongue, she started squirming on top of me; even more so as I reached out with my spare hand to play with her already jutting right nipple. There was every indication this was going to be another quick climax for her. Just as well, because I could already feel the first indication my balls starting to brew up for mine.

Suddenly Liddy started deep throating me; every swallow accompanied by a little gag at the end. Even though it was powerfully stimulating, I hated that she might be doing because she felt obliged. I managed to mutter between the lips I had wrapped around her clit...

"You don't have to go that deep"

Immediately followed by an urgent...

"Oh god I'm about to cum."

I only just managed to hold it while Liddy deep throated me twice more. Virtually simultaneously with the feeling of my shaft being withdrawn from her mouth, my body convulsed and I dropped my head back and let out an almighty moan as I released.

I could feel Liddy keep pumping me with her hand as my ropes of cum squirted pleasurably up the length of my shaft; all while I still had my finger up her sex pleasuring her g spot and had brought my thumb up to her clit to take up where my tongue - now too busy moaning - had left off.

I closed my eyes, groaning as I enjoyed the after surges of my climax while Liddy continued to gently pump my still hard shaft, letting my fingers pleasure Liddy almost on auto pilot. As my body released my brain from its excessive focus on my own enjoyment, I put more effort into Liddy's; putting more pressure on her g spot, tweaking her nipple just that little bit harder and working my tongue furiously against her clit. It took a bit longer, but she suddenly froze and tensed as she gave out a cute little "ou" and rested her head down on the residue of my erection as I could feel her body contract in climax.

She held herself there until it had passed. Then she turned herself around and lay down on top of me. As her face came into view I could see my cum dripping off her eyebrow and the tip of her nose. She saw me looking at it and smiled.

"You guys like squirting all over girls' faces don't you?"

"I think sometimes us guys get a bad rap. That's very sweet of you, but you don't have to do that on my account. It's not that big an issue for me. In fact it's not really an issue at all."

"OK."

Liddy got up and picked up the damp cloth from the floor; wiping her face with it before settling back on top of me.

"That was beautiful Ned. I was always a bit scared of oral sex, but you make it seem simple."

"It is, but you only do it, or let me do it to you, if you enjoy it."

"I know and I did."

Liddy rested on me pensively for a moment.

"I don't think I was spilling any secrets when I admitted to you I actually asked the girls why they wanted so much sex. I admitted to them, it didn't accord with my prejudices about women's' sex drive.

It was Amy who answered first. She basically said that after being trapped in an abusive and loveless relationship for over a decade, the relationship with you made her feel like she was 18 and full of rampaging hormones again. It was just all so new and novel that she just wanted to give vent to what she felt. She originally thought she could never trust or have a relationship with a man again, so to find such love and feel such trust was like taking the lid off a shaken soda bottle.

But you know, I think in a way the fact that it's a polygamous relationship might have helped her. It sort of gave her a "safety in girl numbers" security feel, even if she doesn't always want to share you. And I can sort of relate to that. I found myself wanting male company but being careful about relationships. Being admitted to the 'girl club' you have on your boat and hearing all about you from them before I gave myself physically or emotionally to you overcame some of those reservations."

I couldn't help but raise with Liddy the issue that has always worried me about Amy...

"But doesn't that just confirm my fear that I'm taking advantage of a damaged person?"

"No, let me overlay my own experience here. Amy made an entirely rational decision to be wary of men. That doesn't mean she's damaged. Just that she's learnt a lesson. But her decision to give herself so much to you was also entirely rational. She found a safe space and one that lets her give full vent to her feelings. You should be pleased she feels that way. She's a smart girl and has learnt not to suffer indignities rather than walk away from them. She's perfectly capable of deciding that it's no longer working for her; but that's not her present decision."
