 [It's been pointed out to me a continuity error has snuck in while I took a break from writing on a holiday. Ellen has started to be called Emily.

I apologise.

In this chapter I have reverted to her proper name; Ellen.]

*****

Lifting herself up on to all fours, Ellen eased her naked body off me, letting my still semi rigid manhood flop stickily onto my stomach.

She beamed me a cheeky grin; clearly amused by what she was saying...

"You did well Ned. I was scared Amy was going to leave you for me with a worn out, shrivelled up cock. Still, we'd better make sure we keep that testosterone count up.""

Crossing to where her backpack had been thrown randomly onto the floor, she bent double at her hips to ferret in it for her bikini. I had little doubt she was putting on a display for me. She'd positioned her butt square on to me, legs just far enough apart that the whole of her butt and crease was visible. At any other time, the more normal approach probably would have been to bend at the knees; or even just pick the bag up and put it on a seat.

Her intended cheekiness was confirmed when she took a moment to look back between her legs at me staring at her, and give me a wink. It was pointless me trying to suddenly innocently look away. I was meant to be staring and she knew I was. It was all part of their way of helping me keep my end up; well, of keeping something up.

I had to admire her confidence. I'm twice her age and still wouldn't have the confidence to display my butt like that; partly because I don't think anyone would find it that attractive, partly just general insecurity.

She found her pants, stood up to slip them on, then bent double again looking for her top. Frankly the view with the pants on was no less provocative than that without; maybe more so because of the tease factor. It was an all too familiar one of her 'fuck me' bikinis. 

The pants were string sided with a low waist and a high cut leg. They had a scrunchy drawn seam through the centre butt line. The seam pulled the material into her butt fold and tightly against her cheeks, while also arching down the centre of the waistband until it just showed the start of her bum crack.

The effect was to look something like a mauve, delicately curved winged butterfly had nestled into her bum crack and spread its wings to only partly cover the flawless skin of her cheeks. Bent as deeply as she was, the bulge of her mound completed the picture by forming a delightful tail to the butterfly. 

She stood up and turned towards me as she tied on the equally provocatively small top; displaying her breasts as she played around arranging the top into its proper position.

Ellen came back to the end of the bed and offered me a hand to help me get up. I took it and let her pull me first into a sitting position, and then right off the bed. But because she didn't take a step back as I stood up, the result was to bring me into full body contact with her; my feet between hers and my still half mongrel manhood brushing firmly against the gusset of her bikini as I tried to find my balance and not fall back onto the bed. It was only for a moment, but even in that moment, even after all the efforts of Amy and Ellen to drain my balls, there was still something electric about the contact; even a sense that my cock wanted to swell in response, although its real chance of doing that so soon after we'd finished was negligible.

Ellen bent double again as she picked up my swimmers and threw them back at me from between her legs.

"There you go Ned. We'll need those if we're going to go swimming."

The next few hours were spent blissfully loitering around the pool bar area. Ellen had a somewhat different approach than that of Amy. 

With Amy I felt like she would have been quite happy to have spent the whole time just having sex. If we weren't in our room, every interaction between us just seemed to be foreplay prior to me being dragged back there for another romp. And that's if I was lucky. It always seemed equally as plausible that she'd just take me wherever we happened to be and however public it was. And if we were in our room, we almost inevitably were in the bed.

With Ellen I thought I could relax more. There was no doubt she had a sex budget she was seeking to fulfil, but she started by being more strategic and measured about it. She'd taken to heart Issie's mantra about building up my testosterone count. In any other context it might have been called blatant prick teasing. In our context, she was simply making a deposit for whatever she had planned later in the day.

Both visually and physically she played with me. If we were both in the pool, then it was almost certainly the case I had an underwater boner because of the way she'd be cavorting with me. Not in Amy's wrap me in her arms and grind her crotch against me way. No, Ellen was far more subtle and playful than that.

When she was near me, her hands had a way of sneaking in and repeatedly fondling or brushing my manhood for just long enough to sustain my hardness, while maintaining an above water demeanor that was all innocence. Mind you, so somehow manoeuvred herself to ensure she got a fair touching up from me in the process.

A poolside observer - and with Ellen's beauty and our age difference, there was no shortage of those - might well have guessed we were in an intimate relationship. But, even with the crystal clear waters of the pool, they would have needed quick and perceptive eyes to pick up just how deliberate and frequent her intimate contact was.

But Ellen's more powerful tool wasn't touch. She and Amy have both weaponised their sexuality. They well understand the power of a wet clingy bikini to turn a strategically placed display of their butt, mons or breasts into a weapon of mass arousal. And whether Ellen knows it or not, the way her wet bikini bottoms always show, in the most subtle and innocent way, the line of her crease, is the most cock hardening of all. Not for her anything as crude as a blatant camel toe. Oh, no! Just a suggestive dimpled line which broadens with her arousal until a close observer gets the benefit of the piece de resistance; the little bulge of her swollen bud projecting out of the line of the crease. 

Instant hardness!

Headstands underwater with her emerged crotch right in my face, floating in my arms with her breasts and mons thrust out of the water and a myriad other displays might look innocent enough from a distance, but they all had a cumulative effect.

My constant concern was that the boner itself would be easily visible through the water. Racing briefs don't hide anything in that area and not for the first time I wondered if I shouldn't get more in the habit of wearing boardies when with the girls in public areas. When I was not actually using the safety of a face down swimming stroke to protect my modesty I was constantly having to use Ellen's body to hide behind or turn my back on potential observers or just pretend to be resting facing onto the side of the pool. 

Even when swimming, the prospect of a goggle wearing lap swimmer coming past the other way was a constant concern.

Eventually I found refuge just sitting at the wet bar of the pool with Ellen alongside me.

The cocktails at the pool wet bar went down easily - certainly more easily than the hardness of my manhood wrapped as it often was in the fingers of Elle's hand in my thigh. And the fact that she'd pulled my hand across to finger her pussy as we sat there wasn't helping either.

The cocktails were a relative novelty to Ellen, and a second followed the first, and then a leisurely third. Without anything but a few nuts to dilute its effect, Ellen became progressively more playful, giggly and overtly sexual; twice my hand being pulled away from her crotch when I suspected she was on the verge of coming, only to be placed back there a few minutes later. 

I thought I needed to slow things down. If she wanted to drag me back to the room she could, but even in the tropics, sitting in a pool for too long can leave you chilled and Ellen probably had reached a sensible limit on the cocktails. I suggested we find ourselves a lounge in the sun.

Her ready acceptance of the idea left me with the problem of getting out of the pool with a boner. I could have just waited for it to go down; but that assumed Ellen in her present state would let it. Instead I had her pass me a towel; which she eventually did only after a lot of teasing which almost certainly declared to anyone watching the reason for the need for the towel. After a quick look to see no one was actually staring, I conveniently used it to dry my front as I exited the pool; quickly grabbing ahead of Ellen, in a very ungentlemanly manner, the laid flat one of our pair of adjoining sun lounges, so at least I could lie down on my stomach.

Of course lying on top of a boner on the relatively hard plastic of a resort lounge isn't the most comfortable thing to do. And with Ellen bringing her hand across and resting it idly on my butt while just occasionally letting her fingers drift down between my legs and finger the back of my balls, waiting for it to go down wasn't working either.

It eventually settled to a half mongrel; enough that I would risk turning over and sitting up with my legs raised onto the seat and my knees held firmly together. I had to look back to my teenage years to remember a time when I had so much trouble avoiding the public display of an erection.

And Ellen still wasn't making it any easier.

By now she'd laid her chair flat and was lying face up on it with her legs spread as wide as the lounge would permit; very much sunning her pussy. Try as I might to focus on the Financial Times paper I'd hunted out for myself, and was partly reading to have something to hide the bulge in my swimwear, the sight of Ellen was a total distraction.

The small triangles of her bikini top left a generous amount of cleavage flesh which exaggerated the size of her breasts and drew the eye up to the place where her tightened nipples pushed out the unlined material struggling to cover them. From there the eye was drawn down the length of her flat stomach to where it disappeared under the waistband of her bikini pants. Or rather only half disappeared, given her bikini bridge actually let me peak down the side of her mons almost as far as the leg hem.

But the thing that was really doing my head in and enlarging my cock was the sight of the crotch of her bikini pants. Even from the angle I was looking - or maybe because of it, since the turn of her mons made it really obvious - I could see that the dimple that usually ran through it, and delineated her crease, had become two distinct and more obvious dimples separated by a hollow.

That and the nipples told me she was aroused. Significantly aroused, if past viewings were anything to go by. And just around the turn of her mons and therefore teasingly out of my sight, there'd be a slight bulge in that hollow where her swollen bud was pushing against it.

Even as a male, I have to acknowledge we're strange, visually obsessed, creatures. Just a few hours ago I'd sucked and fucked everything hidden by that bikini that it was appropriate to do so. I'd seen it all uncovered and could take her by the hand and lead her to where I could uncover it again. And yet the tease factor of that 'fuck me' bikini she was wearing had me with a raging bulge in my swimwear which, if you'll excuse the expression, I wasn't really in any hurry to fuck into submission.

The visual alone was flooding my body with pleasure in just being able to uninhabitably stare at it. I don't know if it's testosterone, but certainly something was being built up inside me. Something that was replenishing whatever had been drained by Amy's demands over the last 24 hours. The slightly embarrassing thing was Ellen knew this. She and the others perfectly understood the way the male mind works - or mine anyway, if others don't want to be joined in my admission - and was playing me for it.

And Ellen wasn't helping things at all by having her hand over on my thigh, touching up the side of my cock whenever she felt it going too soft. Nor by having dragged my hand over onto her lower stomach where, she knew I knew, I could drive her crazy just by tracing my finger up and down between her navel and the top of her bikini. And whenever my hand was too still for too long, hers would give it a push along to keep tracing.

Perhaps things reached a new height of cheekiness when I noticed Ellen surreptitiously look both ways and across the pool to see who was watching, then capture the finger stroking her stomach in her hand. From there she guided the tip of the finger into her crutch. With a "Feel that!", she touched it on the point where her swollen clit was bulging out the gusset of her bikini. She jiggled it a little bit, squirming at the self-induced pleasure.

"See what you do to me."

She pulled my hand up, kissed it and put it on the chair beside her as she rolled over onto her stomach before awkwardly guiding it with a twisted arm onto her back, in a way that suggested I might slip a finger or two under the back waistband of her pants.

But if the back view was meant to be less arousing than the front one, it wasn't working. The way her cascade of blonde hair morphed into a tall, slender, naked back and then into a butt into which her bikini pants were fully moulded, somehow just screamed out 'fuck me' in a way she fully intended.

What surprised me though was that I wasn't the only one succumbing to the moment. She'd only being lying there a few minutes when she slid her head across onto my chest and looked up at me coyly...

"I wanted to wait until after dinner. But I can't stand it Ned. Can we go back to the room?"

"Do you want to swim across the lagoon or walk?"

"Swimming's going to take far too long and we've only just dried off. I need to run."

Immediately she got up, grabbing my hand to pull me up too. Leaving everything except the security card where it lay, I only just had time to grab the towel that she'd been lying on to cover the bulge in my pants as we walked - very fast at Ellen's bidding - back to the room. Ten metres before the door, Ellen took the card off me and led me by the hand as she sped up into the portico. A wave of the card and she shoulder charged the door open.

She slammed it behind her as she used the momentum to push me backward towards and then onto the bed. I just had time to swing my legs on too when she leapt on top of me; immediately struggling, in what was obviously a raging, passion to undo the drawstring of my swimmers to free my erection while she stuck her tongue in my mouth.

"Fuck me Ned. Nothing fancy, just fuck me. I need you now!"

She had my erection exposed and I could feel her using her hand to rub it against the gusset of her bikini pants; flipping the tip against the swollen bud she'd put my finger on earlier. I might have liked to linger a bit longer over the process of undressing her from her delightful bikini; more of a slow teasing reveal. But clearly she wasn't going to allow time for that. I pulled the strings on her bikini top and rolled her over under me.

The waistband of my swimmers were uncomfortably tight against the underside of my balls and I couldn't spread my legs over hers. As much as she seemed determined to just force me into her, if this was going to work, I needed to make an adjustment. I pulled the back of my pants down onto my thighs, then quickly rolled off her to pull them down my legs and off. In an instant, for every moment of which she was pulling at my cock, I'd stripped hers off her too.

As I lay back on top of her, she forced my erection into her sex, bringing her hands onto my butt to make me penetrate her quickly and fully; something to which her body offered not the slightest resistance. Immediately she started jerking her body down against mine, thrusting herself deeper and harder against me.

I've seen Ellen with the hots before, but never as possessed as she was at that moment. The message was clear; foreplay wasn't necessary, get on with it.

With my legs outside hers, I raised myself up on my arms and started thrusting at her. Ellen is one of those lucky few women who can have vaginal orgasms, or at least one from normal thrusting, largely because of her well positioned clit which is easily stimulated by it.

So at first she relaxed, lay her head back and let out a big sigh. Like someone with an almighty itch which was at least being scratched.

But that didn't last long. Soon she was starting to tense up and take short breaths. I could see she was starting down the path of hypoventilating again.

"Breathe Ellen, breathe."

"Yes, OK, but remember, just keep going."

That's all very well for her to say; but she's asking me to keep pounding her even if she passes out. She's a doctor, so she should know these things; but it worries the shit out of me.

The tenseness quickly enough turned to her quivering; a tightened up ball of flesh shaking like a leaf in a gale, her hips held by sized up muscles off the bed. Every thrust produced a little "oohh" of excitement as the tip of her engorged bud slipped along my hardened shaft. But it was all on the outbreath with only the shallowest of intakes.

"Breathe in Ellen, breathe in."

The hands she had on my butt cheeks held tighter and tighter. A long mournful groan escaped her as she ground her clit from side to side against the base of my shaft. The groan rose in pitch; not gradually, but if walking up a series of steps. A sharp exhale of breath until the moan morphed into a long "aaaahahhhhh." With each step, her body tensed further until it was rigid; a steel arch bridge. Her hands held me into a full penetration, as the whole bridge rocked from side to side around the balls of her feet and her shoulder, still rubbing that clit.

There was a final exhaled cry. It was not like Amy's where the volume conveyed her excitement. It was the tone that declared that another monster orgasm had exploded deep within her and the pleasure of that had rushed into her brain with the force of a tsunami.

After a few seconds she fell silent, her previously rigid body now limp on the bed, her arms having fallen away from my butt were now drooped by her side. Her eyes were rolling in their sockets; but they were open and at last she was breathing properly

With the pressure of her hands released from my butt, I intuitively started thrusting faster. They were desperate, massive thrusts generated by my pent up arousal which rag dolled her semi-limp body; wondering if this would end like the previous times.

It did. With a short strangled cry, her eyes suddenly focused and she climaxed again, momentarily freezing her body; the almost surprised look on her face a contrast to the way her body tensed and arched, pushing me up. I just kept passionately thrusting at her. As the peak of her orgasm released her, she started throwing herself back at me. 

My manhood was calling time; it was going to go. As her hips sat there suspended off the bunk by the arch of her back, I gave it what it wanted to complete its task, propelling it repeatedly in and out of the warm slippery tunnel of her sex until it exploded in a flood of cum with an orgasm that felt like it blew my balls right off the end of my shaft.

Ellen waited just long enough for the final shudders of my orgasm to subside before she determinably flipped us over to put her on top. Lying deep inside her torso, my shaft was still thick and hard and in no hurry to escape the welcoming clutches of her body.

She lifted her face over mine. For a moment we stared into each other's eyes, pecking at each other's lips before we fell into a major pash, her tongue exploring the back of my throat as a hormonal surge of love and affection towards her flooded my body.
