 Around five p.m. one evening my cellphone rang, I looked and saw it was my wife. I picked up and said, "Hey Honey, what's up?"

"Hey Babe, I'm really sorry, but I won't be home tonight. We've got a really big deadline and we're going to be pulling an all-nighter," she replied.

I told her it was okay, we told each I love you and I hung up. I knew there was no deadline at work, that she was actually going to be spending the night in a hotel with her boss. They had been having an affair for over a year now. She thought that I didn't know but she had been leaving clues that only a fool wouldn't find. But fair is fair, I started having an affair with a co-worker of mine a few months ago.

After heating up and eating some leftovers for dinner I decided to text my girlfriend Jordan, and see if she was doing anything. She replied that she wasn't and I asked her if she wanted to come over. She said sure and that she would be there in a half hour.

I read until I heard the doorbell ring. I answered the door and saw her standing there in a sexy, tight fitting black button-down blouse and tight, faded blue jeans. I invited her in and we kissed once the door was shut. I asked where she parked and she said that she Ubered so none of the neighbors would get suspicious.

"How long do we have before your wife comes home?" Jordan asked.

"All night, she has another 'deadline'."

"Oh, they got a hotel for the night again!"

"Yep!"

She wrapped her arms around me and kissed me deeply for a few minutes. Then without warning she smacked my ass hard, broke our embrace and ran upstairs crying out, "Come and get me!" and giggling like a maniac.

I ran upstairs and chased her into the bedroom, shutting the door behind me to close off her escape. "You've been a very bad girl!" I admonished her.

"Yeah, well what are you going to do to me, Baby?" she asked, still giggling.

Without saying a word, I grabbed her wrist and pulled her over to the bed. I sat down and pulled her down over my lap. I started slowly rubbing her ass through her tight jeans as she moaned in anticipation. Then I suddenly smacked her ass hard and she yelped. I let her relax for a few moments, then started spanking her hard as she writhed and moaned.

After a few minutes, I ordered her to stand up. She stood and I told her to remove her jeans. She gave me a sly smile as she unbuttoned and then slowly unzipped her jeans. As they opened up I saw her bare mound slowly exposed. I smiled and looked up at her and she giggled and said, "Oops, guess I was in such a hurry to get over here that I forgot to put on panties!"

Unable to take anymore teasing, I pulled her jeans down to her ankles and pulled her back down over my lap. With her ankles already bound by the jeans, I gathered her arms behind her back and held her wrist together with one hand while I caressed her beautiful bare ass with the other. "Are you ready for your punishment?" I asked.

"Oh yes Baby, please..." she purred.

I started smacking her bare ass, gently at first, watching it jiggle with each hit. Then I increased the pace and started spanking her harder and harder. Jordan cried out with each smack and begged for more. I spanked her ass until it was bright red. After a few minutes her face was covered with tears and I knew she was ready for the next step.

I reached between her legs and found her pussy was incredibly wet. Still holding her arms behind her back, I started to rub her hard clit. Her body started twisting and turning trying to break free of her jeans and my hand holding her down. She moaned in frustration and then submitted herself to me. I slipped my thumb inside her and pressed down on her g-spot while I rubbed her clit with two fingers.

Her body bucked and convulsed as she felt her orgasm near. I pressed hard on her clit and g-spot as she burried her face in the comforter and started screaming. Her body tensed and then started shaking as her orgasm rocked her body.

As her body went limp, I released her hands and pulled off her jeans. I picked her up and laid her gently on the bed. I unbuttoned her shirt and was pleased to see she had 'forgotten' to wear a bra too. I gently nuzzled and kissed her neck as she moaned, lost in the afterglow of her orgasm. I kissed my way down her chest until I reached her lovely breasts. I covered her breasts with kisses slowly working my way to her nipples.

By the time I reached her nipple she had broke free from her daze and grabbed the back of my head with one hand and rubbed my back with the other while she purred. I started licking her nipple as she started rubbing her crotch against me. I sucked her nipple into my mouth and teased it with my tongue. She moaned and rubbed herself against me. After only a few moments, she pushed down on my shoulders and I took the hint. I slowly started kissing my way down her body. By the time I reached her navel she growled, "Damn it! Stop teasing me!"

I chuckled to myself and relented. I moved down between her thighs and started licking her hard clit. She grabbed the back of my head with both hands and started moaning uncontrollably . I licked and sucked her clit for a few moments before moving down to her warm, wet hole. After tongue fucking her for a while I moved down even farther. I teased her by slowly circling her anus with my tongue. When she started pushing against me, I slide my tongue into her ass. 

She fought back a scream as I tongued her asshole. She couldn't take anymore and she started furiously rubbing her clit. Her body bucked a few times and she came hard. Her wetness was running out of her and I moved back up to lick up her sweet juices.

As she slowly calmed down from her second orgasm I licked her clean. When her breathing had returned to normal I started gently licking her clit again. After a few moments I felt her grab the back of my head again and I knew she was ready for more. I sucked her clit into my mouth again and teased it with my tongue. She pushed her pussy hard against my face as I sucked harder. I looked up to see her pinching and pulling on her nipple, so I started quickly flicking my tongue across her clit. She turned her head to bury her face in a pillow as she started screaming. Her body started to convulse as I felt her wetness running down my chin. I released her clit from my mouth and started licking up her juices as they poured out of her. When her orgasm subsided I pushed my tongue inside her to get more of her wetness but she pushed my away. "No, no more, please. I feel like my heart is going to burst," she begged.

I got off of the bed and stood watching her for a while as I took off my clothes. She was slowly tossing and turning on the bed and gently rubbing her breasts and abdomen. Just watching her made my cock as hard as a rock. I climbed into the bed and she opened her eyes to look at me. She looked down at my cock, bit her lip a little and then spread her legs wide for me. I slide up her body and pushed my cock into her warm, waiting vagina. She squealed in delight and wrapped her legs around my waist.

We got into a nice slow rhythm, both of us pressing into each other. Her breasts rubbed against my chest with each stroke driving me crazy with desire. I pushed myself up off of her so I could look into her eyes. I knew I wouldn't last much longer so I started fucking her harder.

It was then that I heard the front door slam shut. I quickly got off of Jordan, I looked at her face and saw she was in a panic. She asked what she should do. The only thing I could think of was to tell her to hide under the bed. She dove under the bed while I grabbed her shirt and jeans and threw them at her. I jumped into bed and whispered to her, "She's a heavy sleeper, when she falls asleep sneak downstairs, get dressed and get out!"

She whimpered her agreement as we heard my wife coming up the step. I grabbed my book and pretended to be reading when the bedroom door opened. My wife entered the room red-faced. It was then that I remembered Jordan's shoes, she took them off downstairs in the walkway. Did my wife see them? Nervously I asked, "What's wrong, Honey?"

She paused for a few moments and then regained her composure. "Oh, nothing. I just got into a fight with my boss. I got so mad I just left. He can finish the project by himself, the bastard!"

I suggested she should take a hot shower to relax, but she said no, that she just wanted to go to bed. So much for getting Jordan out of the house that way. My wife got undressed and slipped into bed as I pretended to read. I thought about her boss all alone in the motel room, 'finishing the project by himself' and laughed.

My wife rolled over quickly and asked, "What is so damn funny?"

I apologized and said it was just a funny line in my book. She looked at me for a moment and told me, "Well, turn off the light and go to bed, I need to get some sleep! And what are your clothes doing all over the floor?"

I apologized again, got up, put my clothes in the hamper and switched off the light. I got into bed and started wondering what could have happened between my wife and her boss to make her so angry. As I was getting into a more comfortable sleeping position my hand brushed across my dick and I noticed it was wet. Oh no, my wife's tantrum made me forget about Jordan. I reached a hand down under the bed and Jordan grabbed it. Her hand was trembling with fear and I gave it a squeeze to reassure her.

I held Jordan's hand until I heard my wife start to snore. I whispered to Jordan that my wife was asleep and she needed to go. Jordan climbed out from under the bed but instead of running downstairs she just gave me a sly smile. "You said your wife was a very deep sleeper, is that true?" she whispered.

"Yeah, why?"

Instead of answering she pulled the sheets off of me and kneeling on the floor next to the bed she took me into her mouth. She licked all of her wetness off of my cock and then started bobbing her head up and down on me. I was in shock, here was my girlfriend on the floor next to my bed sucking my cock while my wife was laying next to me asleep.

After a few moments she stopped and pulled her head away. I was relieved thinking that she was going to grab her things and leave, but then I felt her gently climb up on to the bed. I wanted to tell her to stop but I didn't dare make a sound to risk waking my wife.

She pushed me over into my back and I felt her warm, wet mouth envelop my cock again as she laid down between my legs. She slowly licked and sucked my cock as I felt my orgasm begin to build.

I felt my wife start to stir and Jordan stopped moving, just holding my cock in her mouth. My wife sat up and then got out of bed. She walked to the bathroom, closed the door and turned on the light. I started pushing Jordan away but instead of her trying to escape she pulled the sheets and comforter over her and went back to sucking my now completely soft cock.

My wife switched off the bathroom light, opened the door and entered the bedroom. I was hoping the change from the bright bathroom lights to the dark bedroom would keep from seeing the obvious bulge under the covers. My wife just stood there for a few moments in the doorway and then I noticed it. She was slowly fingering her vagina and staring at me. She reached up and started massaging her breasts as she let out a little moan.

She walked over to the foot of the bed and pulled the comforter and sheet off. Jordan stopped what she was doing and froze perfectly still. My heart stopped beating as my wife stared at my girlfriend and I, both naked and my cock in her mouth. Without saying a word, my wife dropped to her knees by the bed and reached up and started playing with Jordan's pussy. She said to Jordan, "Continue with what you were doing."

Jordan hesitantly went back to sucking me as my wife started to speak, "I've known you were having an affair just like you knew I was having one too. I saw your girlfriend's shoes by the door and when I entered the room I could smell her sex. I was mad at first but the more I thought about it, the more I thought this could be interesting. I faked being asleep just to see what you two would do. When I heard you two whispering I started thinking about all the interesting things the three of us could try. You wanna know what's funny?"

I softly asked what? She replied, "I broke up with my boss tonight because he wanted to bring another girl into our affair. I was so mad, I felt like I wasn't enough to please him anymore. So I told him to go to hell. And here I am now, sharing my husband with another girl."

Then she laughed and moved her face closer to Jordan's legs. She started kissing her way up her thighs until she reached her pussy. Jordan spread her legs and my wife covered her with kisses. Then she licked and tasted every inch of her from her mound to her ass. My cock was rock hard but Jordan sucked me slowly wanting to make it last. 

My wife sucked and licked Jordan's clit until she lost control and started devouring my cock. She had never sucked me with such intensity, I knew I couldn't last much longer. Jordan lifted her legs and wrapped them around my wife's back which lifted her ass off the bed. My wife started smacking her ass and Jordan, for the first time, deep throated my cock. The head of my cock was in her throat and when she swallowed the muscles clamped down on me. My wife sucked hard on her clit and Jordan pulled back and started screaming with her mouth stuffed with my cock. The vibrations it caused on my cock pushed me over the edge. I exploded into Jordan's mouth. It was too much for her and she pulled her head away to keep from gagging. My cock continued spraying cum all over my chest and stomach while Jordan continued to orgasm as my wife licked her clit. 

When Jordan's orgasm was over my wife climbed up on to the bed. She licked my cum off my chest and then my abdomen working her way down. She licked my cock clean and then took me into her mouth and sucked me until I went soft. Jordan pushed her down on to her back on the bed and started licking and sucking her breasts. My wife's breasts are much larger than hers and you could tell Jordan was really enjoying them. She sucked and pulled on my wife's large nipples making her cry out in pain and pleasure. I rolled over and started servicing her other breast. Jordan and I both teased my wife's breasts as we explored each other with our free hands.

Jordan kissed, licked and nibbled her way down my wife's body. When she reached her pussy, she devoured it the way she did my cock. I kept sucking and biting her nipples while Jordan ate her pussy like she was starving. Within a few moments my wife exploded pushing her pussy into Jordan's face. 

Jordan licked up every drop of wetness before returning to gently lick her clit. My wife pushed me off of her breast and told me to fuck her mouth. I was surprised, she had never asked me to do that before. Just the thought of her asking made my cock start to harden again. I straddled her chest and pushed my cock toward her mouth. She greedily took me in her mouth and grabbed my ass. She gave my ass a pull and I started fucking her mouth. She moaned as I stroked in and out.

She pulled my ass cheeks apart and started rubbing my anus. She never did that before either but it did feel good. She pushed the tip of her finger inside me and I started to lose it, fucking her face hard. I felt something warm and wet against my anus and turned around to see Jordan licking my asshole and my wife's finger. My wife removed her finger and Jordan pushed her tongue inside me as she reached down to play with my wife's clit.

Moments later I came hard into my wife's mouth. When she felt the first spurt hit the back of her throat she came too from Jordan's talented fingers. Not wanting Jordan to feel left out, I reached behind me and started stroking her clit. She wrapped her arms around me and started kissing my back. My wife reached under us and slipped two fingers into Jordan's pussy and one into her ass. In seconds, Jordan exploded all over our hands and we all lay down together to cuddle and rest.

After a while Jordan started gently rubbing my cock and asked if I was ready for more. I declined, saying I was spent. She pouted for a moment and then her eyes lit up. She reached over and started stroking my wife's mound until she started to purr. 

Jordan straddled my wife in a sixty-nine position. They both started going to town on each other's pussies and assholes. They licked, sucked and nibbled until each of them had another orgasm. They slowed down but didn't stop, each gently pleasuring the other. My wife reached over and started gently squeezing and stroking my soft cock. Watching these two beautiful women pleasuring each other while my wife played with my cock made me start to harden in no time. 

When my cock was fully hard my wife told me to get the lube. I reached into the nightstand and grabbed the bottle and handed it to her. She poured some into her hands, put the bottle aside and rubbed it into both of her hands. With one hand she fingered Jordan's ass, with the other she rubbed my cock. She gave me a gentle tug and I straddled her, kneeling behind Jordan. She positioned me against Jordan's anus. Jordan and I had never tried anal intercourse but she turned back, looked me in the eye, smiled and nodded.

My wife reached back, grabbed my ass and pushed me into Jordan. The head of my cock slipped inside her and she grunted from the invasion. I stopped, unsure what to do until Jordan whispered, "More."

My wife pushed on my ass again and I slowly slid into Jordan's ass. To my surprise Jordan pushed back until I was fully embedded inside her. I waited for her to get comfortable with the fullness inside her, even though I wanted to hammer her tight little asshole until I exploded. After a few moments, Jordan started riding my cock slowly. I started thrusting inside her matching her rhythm.

Jordan lowered her head and started eating my wife's pussy again. I felt my wife's head move up as she started licking Jordan's clit, her forehead pressed against my balls. We slowly fucked and licked each other, enjoying each moment, in no rush for an orgasm. My wife reached up with her still well lubricated hands and pushed a finger deep into my anus. I groaned as she pressed down on my prostate. I started thrusting faster as my wife told Jordan to finger fuck her asshole.

Jordan matched my rhythm as she jammed two fingers up into my wife's ass. I felt my orgasm start to rise when my wife ordered me to stop. She told me if I was going to cum, it was going to be in her asshole. I had never had anal sex with my wife but I was quite excited to try.

I slipped out of Jordan's ass and she grunted from the slight pain. I moved around and positioned myself between my wife's legs. Jordan sat down on my wife's face and moaned as her tongue entered her. She leaned over and started licking and sucking my nipples as she guided me into my wife's ass. Jordan reached down and started rubbing my wife's encouraged clit. 

As I started thrusting, Jordan reached behind me and slipped a finger inside me. After three more strokes I erupted inside my wife's ass. When she left my hot cum spray inside her she literally exploded. She sprayed her juices all over my abdomen. It has been years since I had seen her ejaculate. Her body writhed under Jordan as she clamped down and sucked hard on her clit. Jordan sat upright suddenly, squeezed her legs shut on my wife's head and started screaming. I quickly covered her mouth so she wouldn't wake the neighbors and she fell against me. I wrapped my arms around her and she buried her face in chest to muffle her screams. When she finally pulled away I saw a bruise forming on my chest from where she bit and sucked on me to quiet herself.
