 While the nights I'd spent at the hotel with each of Amy and Ellen had been memorable, there was something nice about being back on the yacht as a single family.

If there was any lose end it was Tash. The nights at the hotel had been avowedly for my lovers in an emotional sense and Tash was more comfortable excluding herself from that category; something I fully understood. But that wasn't to say she didn't feel left out by not being included and it was understood, without having to be spoken, that somehow had to be compensated for.

But first I needed to have "the talk" with Tash. The one that followed up on Ellen's disclosure to me that Tash wanted sex from me, but wanted to be assuaged of any guilt in having sex with a much older man by role plays of being seduced, taken, or even forced.

Corny role plays I didn't mind doing. They could even be fun as long as they never ceased to be truly playful. Anything that inferred being forced I was very uncomfortable with. Far from being erotic, sex that has any suggestion of being non-consensual leaves me cold and probably impotent.

I suspected there was a middle ground to be found, but we needed to understand each other. In addition, in this "me too" and "no means no" world, I needed some protection against later assertions I acted inappropriately.

And so, as agreed, Tash and I spent an hour talking in the RIB while it was anchored a sufficient distance from the yacht for the discussion to be private.

Much of the ground had already been covered by Ellen. Her wearing one of her one piece swimwear was the signal for me to act. The worn out old ones, left over from her squad swimming days, could be ripped apart. The new ones just taken as a signal. 

She liked the role play where I acted as her coach and seduced her, but she wanted more variety which went so far as, shall we say, compelling her to sex and that could include some serious bondage.

We agreed on the 'safe word' and covered some ground on how she could redirect the play. But I also asked her to use her lawyer skills to give me a hand written document that set out our agreement; especially the fact that in these games, absent the safe word, "no" definitely didn't mean "no" at all. 

But she also stressed that, for all her hang-ups, there might still be times she just asked for sex or otherwise seduced me.

The written document was duly delivered to me within an hour of us returning to the boat and after letting Ellen have a quick read of it as a sort of witness, I filed it away.

The interesting thing was that as Tash delivered me the document, she was wearing one of her new one piece swimwear; the deeply plunging, high cut one made out of translucent material that went transparent when it got wet.

In a way it didn't surprise me. The girls' stories from the nights away had clearly left her with a sense of having missed out on some pretty good sex and more than a little frustrated.

Ellen took the hint and organised for she and Amy to have a shopping expedition ashore; making it clear she'd be gone for a couple of hours. So that left me alone on the boat with Tash needing to come up with a story line for the role play she wanted from me; and there'd been more than a little suggestion in our talk that something more down the 'forced/ bondage' end of the spectrum was hoped for sometime soon.

I'm no great shakes as an actor, more than a little self-conscious when I need to and not entirely imaginative about such things; so this was certainly not going to be any academy award winning performance. I'd made a few subtle preparations before the girls had left in the RIB, so when I came down into the cabin from seeing them off, I steeled myself to put on a show of being manly and intimidating as I pretended to insist on her submitting to me.

As I came down the companionway, Tash wasn't in the main cabin where I'd left her when I'd gone up on deck. I tippy toed through it to the amidships cabin and looked in to find Tash bent deeply over her bunk fiddling with something in her seabag.

Was it a set up for me? Probably.

The sight presented was certainly an alluring one. Her one piece was a high legged extreme Brazilian cut at the back; not quite a thong, but nearly as close as you can get to one without having the back of it disappearing completely into your butt crack. Otherwise completely cut away down to the deep curve of the waistband, with only two thin straps supporting the frontpiece, I was presented with her womanly figure in its near naked form. As she stood there bent over as she was, my eye was immediately drawn to the significant bulge of her mons between her legs; barely hidden by the flimsy material of her swimwear.

So, it was game on!

I snuck up to her, pushed my hips against her butt and the bulge in my swimmers between her legs and grabbed her tightly around the hips; quickly letting my right hand slip up her body to cup one of her impressive breasts.

Just as quickly I lifted her off the ground, rather enjoying the feeling of my manhood preforming a full horizontal as it swelled between her legs; stretching out the material of my own swimwear as it poked into the back of her mons.

"You're coming with me young lady. I have plans for you."

Tash straightened herself up in my arms; necessitating that I move the hand lifting her at the waist down into her crotch to give me a better grip on her while the other hand supported her under her breasts. She squirmed about it bit.

"No, no, don't."

Tash was an even less convincing actor then me. She'd have to do better if she really wanted a role play. But even then I had to fight my instantaneous inclination to put her down and just say 'OK, whatever you want'.

I turned her around and started carrying her back into the main cabin. She warmed a bit to her role as we exited her cabin into the main one; kicking her legs a bit and giving a more persuasive version of...

"Please, don't...put me down...no...no."

But there was no safe word and her kicks and squirming were carefully calibrated not to dislodge the flimsy grip I had on her. But I rather hoped she didn't get too persuasive. I already was fighting my natural reaction to comply with her verbal requests. 

In the middle of the main cabin, I put her feet back on the ground, and brought her hands behind her back. I'd already dug out and thrown on the adjacent lounge some of the ties we use to support the lee cloths for the lounge when it is used as a sea berth.

[A lee cloth is a vertical flap of material used to make sure you don't roll out of a bunk when the boat heels at sea. When not needed it is hidden away. On my yacht they are held up by a number of lines strung up to the hand rail that runs along the roof on either side of the cabin; the hand rail themselves being there so you have something to hold onto while the boat is being thrown about in a seaway. The lines are set up for quick use with a loop of Velcro designed to go around the handrail, to which is tied by a length of line joined to an eyelet on the lee cloth with a bowline knot.]

I fiddled to wrap a Velcro loop firmly around each of her wrists, then took the lines attached to them and tied them up to the hand rails; leaving Tash secured with her wrists apart about six inches above her head. If she really wanted to, it wouldn't have been hard for her to slide her hands together, so that one hand could undo the knot securing the other or open up the Velcro binding; but that was an intended imperfection in the way I played the game - this time at least.

So now I had her strung up, what was I to do with her?

I walked around to in front of her.

"Well young lady, now I can play with you. What will I do?"

But it occurred to me, I'd already made one mistake. Strung up as she was I couldn't undress her. Given how cut away her swimmers were, and how narrow the gusset, that was no big deal; everything could be pulled aside quite easily. It was just something to remember for next time.

In my own mind I already had something of a game plan played out. Nothing too radical; all stuff I knew turned her on. But there was one thing I wasn't sure of, and that was kissing. A young girl can be put off an intimate relationship with someone older for a spectrum of reasons that starts with absolute physical repulsion down to a general inhibition about the age difference. It doesn't take too much imagination to know the physical repulsion is the more common reason and if that was Tash's reason, there's no way she'd want to be kissed; and for that reason I'd always been a bit cautious about how I did that with her.

But Amy and Ellen both love kissing me. I have trouble keeping their tongues out of the back of my throat and they seem to really get off on it - as do I. So it wasn't entirely safe to assume Tash didn't want to be kissed. I nuzzled the side of her face and noted that she didn't turn away; resolving to come back and test the issue further.

For the moment, there were more interesting fish to fry.

Her breasts beckoned me. Humongous by my standard - I don't know what size, but DD or greater I would guess - they still stood proud with a youthful perkiness that was irresistible to any male. With the tips of each of my forefingers, I circled where her nipples pushed out the filmy unlined material of her swimwear, raising them into towering peaks. 

The front of her swimwear was nearly as minimalist as the back. Deeply plunging at both the centre and the sides, the triangles of material that left, supported only by string straps that traversed her shoulder and dropped down to attach to the back at the waist, were completely inadequate to their task of modestly covering her breasts. Even though the nipples were hidden - as much as they can be by translucent material - cleavage, side boob and under boob were all displayed in spades. 

I slipped my hands under the side of the triangles and pulled the triangles to the centre, completely exposing the orbs of her breasts. Unable to resist the temptation of sucking on them, I took one jutting nipple into my mouth while I fingered the other one. Tash was squirming about, but it was difficult to tell whether it was a play at resistance or a pleasurable reaction.

That question answered itself for me when I slid a finger through her crease. A heavy dampness had already permeated through her swimmers and my finger effortless pushed a fold of the now slippery material between her well spread lips and against her clit. She moaned a little, bending her knees to let her hang from her hands.

I hadn't really done that much to her yet, so it seemed the game itself had been more than a bit of a turn on for her; something that encouraged me, not just for that moment, but for the future as well. Pulling the gusset to the side, I enjoyed the sensation of my finger stroking against her wet, swollen bud.

I was surprised how quickly she came to nothing more than my fingering and nipple play. It wasn't a monster and, like Tash nearly always is, she was much quieter than Amy but more vocal than Ellen; bending her knees and hanging by her hands as she bit her lip and groaned through it. It probably demonstrated how frustrated she'd become being left on the boat while Amy and Ellen were taken away for what became one long sex session.

By this stage I'd had a monster erection pushing out the material of my swimwear since I'd first taken her around the waist. I could hardly have been criticized had I just decided to drop my daks and found my own pleasure in the tight warmth of her sex. But that was the problem. She always was tight; really tight. I was likely to be as quick as she had been; the whole show over in ten minutes when Ellen had given us a couple of hours. And I couldn't rely on a quick refractory period to induce a second round. 

So I decided to ramp up my stimulation of her a bit instead.

But, having brought her to a climax with a virtue silence between us, I felt I had to continue the role play, whispering into her ear...

"I haven't finished with you yet young lady. You'll be coming to the mere click of my fingers before I release you and then I'm going to fuck your arse off."

She just groaned in response; as far as I could tell, a sexual groan rather than one for bad acting.

Dropping to my knees I tongued her clit; nearly drowning in the honey that was flowing from her. Having started her off, I slipped two fingers into her sex, raking hard against the front wall where I knew her g spot lay.

She responded beautifully; squirming about in pleasure as she moaned and groaned. You could tell her arousal was rising, but it was a slow build up; really slow. This second orgasm wasn't going to be a quickie. Her groans were getting louder and her squirming more intense, so I wasn't lacking encouragement. But eventually my tongue got tired and my neck sore from giving her head, so I used the thumb of the hand that had two fingers up her to keep stimulating her bud; letting me stretch my legs by standing up, even if I did need to bend at the waist to keep my fingers in her.

But that bending pretty well put my face in her cleavage, so sucking her nipple became something that gave us both additional pleasure.

By the end she was getting fairly loud. Loud enough I was glad we were anchored well offshore and away from other boats because she was loud enough to carry some distance over water; especially as the companionway hatch was open. I'd had enough of people reporting women with me getting tortured. It was almost like she was in agony from the build-up; needing the cleansing effect of a climax that was always on the precipice but just wouldn't come.

But cum she did; what seemed to me like an earthshattering release that left her rigid with her hips thrust forward one moment and squirming while hanging on the end of her tethers the next all while moaning profusely.

I kept stimulating her until there was nothing more of her climax to be extracted. That had taken long enough. Now I was my turn. I was tempted to put on a pirate smirk and suitably matched accent to try and say something truly evil. But wimped it; probably just as well as it wouldn't have seemed right in the context of the passions that were running.

"Well young lady. There's a price to be paid for all that pleasure. Now you're going to be well and truly fucked."

Tash really hammed up her reply.

"Oh no. Please good sir. I'm an innocent lass. You'll ruin my reputation."

"I'm going to ruin more than your reputation."

By now my cock was dying for some action. It had been weeping pre-cum into my swimmers for half an hour. I unsheathed it, dropped my swimmers to my ankles and theatrically flicked them with my foot to the furthest forward corner of the cabin.

"I won't be needing these for quite some time."

I dipped my knees, held my cock and guided the tip to the opening of Tash's sex. I could feel the radiated heat and dripping wetness, but as always with Tash, she was tight to enter. I centred it in her sex and gave a slight thrust; trying to ensure it stayed where it was until I pushed myself in deeper.

I could see why Tash's younger lovers went off prematurely. It was flooded with lubrication and not lacking acceptance; merely diameter. And that meant the initial stimulation of your shaft bordered on the extreme as she gripped your shaft like a wet slippery circular vice.

I went in a little and then withdrew by that amount; bouncing into her until that amount of my cock was comfortably embraced by her. Then I repeated the process; gradually easing myself in until I had full penetration. That didn't mean she wasn't still tight; just not as impossibly, climax inducing tight as we'd started with.

Slowly I withdrew a third of the way and then thrust back in. It was still a bit too nice. The tendrils of pleasure were running up my cock already. I wanted this to be a marathon pounding of her, not a quick cervix spray.

I waited a moment and then withdrew and thrust again; savouring the shots of pleasure as I did a bit of what Ellen would call edging. I was half way through delivering a series of really enjoyable thrusts when I first of all became aware of the presence of some sort of craft near our boat and then immediately saw three beautiful Polynesian faces peering in both the starboard hull and cabin windows watching proceedings. I got enough of a glimpse of hanging breasts and exposed midriff to know they were topless with just those tie sided mini wraps around their waists.

There arose a chorus of sweet voices with familiar French accents...

"Mr O'Neill, can we come aboard?"

I looked up and saw the faces wobbling as if there was an earthquake under them, before they disappeared accompanied by the dull 'thunk' of human bodies against timber, splashes and cries for help.

Instinctively, even if reluctantly, I withdrew from Tash and rushed up on deck, erection bouncing against my stomach as I regretted tossing my swimwear to where it couldn't easily be accessed quickly. Hurrying to the aft starboard rail, I saw an upturned Polynesian canoe drifting towards the transom and three women floundering about in the water; one of them holding her right hand in her left up out of the water.

Heading down onto the swim platform, I kicked the swim ladder into the water to help the two women who were already swimming that way, while the third held onto the canoe. I quickly tossed the tender painter, normally stored rolled up on the platform, to the third woman; asking her to tie it to the outrigger of the canoe to stop it drifting away and to collect in the paddles. All of this was done with a prominent erection which refused to respond to the moment by subsiding.

While I was supervising the securing of the canoe, the other two had got themselves up on the swim platform and I became aware of a pair of wet young naked female bodies in close contact with me. While keeping half an eye on the third female now swimming across the gap to the swim platform, I got to take a proper look at them for the first time. It was Mohea and Tahea from the resort and a second look at the swimmer told me it was Gloria, whose skirt fell off her ankles even as I watched her. They were the three most persistent flirts from the resort staff. Actually, considering Tahea and Gloria had engaged me in a dance that resulted in them having orgasms, the word flirt hardly start to describe them.

But, in their early twenties, they were probably also the three most stunningly attractive. The sort of Tahitian women who brought about the mutiny on the Bounty. Tahea and Gloria were tall, lithe, perky breasted ladies with something decidedly seductive about their feminine form. Mohea was shorter of stature but had a very womanly of figure still based on a light, slim frame. And womanly figure very much included breasts that were sizable compared to her frame.

Their flawless Polynesian brown skin went without saying, as did their long flowing dark hair. But for each of them there was just something about their faces that made their beauty stand out. A soft, symmetrical, almost childlike beauty brightened by the most engaging smiles and brightest eyes.

Mohea had a wet arm around my back and her torso pushed against me - capturing my erection nonchalantly between our two bodies as if that was entirely normal - as she held up a finger to me which was bleeding profusely from a slit flap of skin.

"I was scared of attracting sharks."

With Gloria now up the ladder too and the three of them using the smallness of the platform to press their wet naked selves against me, I started to direct them up the ladder into the cockpit. Given the choice of flashing my naked hairy white butt at them as I went first, or staring at theirs as they preceded me, I chose to be a gentleman and allowed them to go first, noticing that each put on a mound squeezing, butt swaying display as they went. That erection still wasn't going anywhere fast.
