 I woke up to find Liddy still asleep, lying uncovered on her back next to me.

Her nakedness was not the slightest bit less distracting and arousing than that of the other girls. I lay there inappropriately transfixed by the beautiful breasts that sat proudly on her chest; perfect orbs of womanly seductive attraction slowly rising and falling to her breathing.

The morning glory I'd awoken with meant the job of being aroused had already been undertaken by my body as I'd slept. Now the hardness of my shaft, and the way I couldn't resist surging it as I looked at her, just emphasised the desire I already felt to again carnally engage with her.

The temptation to touch her, to wake her and make beautiful, passionate, love to her, was almost too strong. Woman value their sleep; usually more than sex. I decided I should get up least I did something which might spoil the mood of the previous evening.

The overnight kit I'd brought onto the yacht was pretty basic. Just a toothbrush and a pair of my usual swimming briefs; the latter specifically to have something to put on in the morning. I pick up the swimmers and pulled them on as I quietly exited the cabin and moved forward into the galley.

There was of course no way my erection would naturally fit within the confines of my low slung swimmers. But the very advantage of them was the degree to which the material would stretch. I pulled the waist band up and over the tip of it, settling the waistline down in its normal position inside it to let my erection stretch out the material; leaving it as a sheathed pole which reached up to within two finger widths of my navel.

I like my morning glories. Of course, if the girls sleeping with me want morning sex, then it will be long gone before I get up.

But when one does survive any morning sports, I savour it and encourage it to last as long as it can. It feels good. It feels nice. Maybe it's just the delusions of age and a not yet wholly awake brain, but It makes me feel more manly. I even like the way my swimmers sheath it; almost wanting to put it on display as they gently and provocatively embrace it.

In the sexually charged environment in which I find myself, prolonging one isn't hard. The mere memory of what I shared with Liddy last night was all it took on this morning.

I don't display it to provoke a reaction from the girls I share the boat with. But I don't try and hide it either. My previous life shyness about being seen aroused in any circumstances where I wasn't about to use it carnally would be pointless where I exist on a yacht with a number of girls whose whole purpose sometimes seems to be to keep me aroused. But, if the girls are up, they will often take an interest in it in a way that prolongs its existence. Usually that's just a matter of being playful - tactilely or visually - and it will wither naturally when they grow bored with it. But, just sometimes, the interest goes further than play and the erection's existence is snuffed out in an ejeculative explosion.

On this morning I had a powerful desire to sustain it for as long as possible. I'm an early waker and I assumed Liddy would be asleep for another hour. So it certainly wasn't so she'd see it. I just felt randy and aroused. My manhood was sensitive and it just felt good in its fully hardened state.

As I leisurely filled the kettle and put it on the stove, I let my shaft brush against the side of the bench. Even that light stimulation was enough to make it involuntarily surge. I was lost in erotic thoughts about the previous evening when I thought I heard a noise behind me.

I turned and there was Liddy. She was dressed only in what was clearly her sunbathing bikini bottoms; a small postage stamp of red material covering just the bottom half of her mons and barely wide enough as it extended through her crotch to hide her labia, supported by highly stressed elasticised strings.

I saw her eyes drop to my erection as it came fully into view. It was as if it was my manhood that she was greeting.

"Good morning."

I felt almost interrupting as I answered on its behalf.

"Morning. Did you sleep well?"

She glanced momentarily up - just enough to signify the answer was for me - before drooping her line of sight again.

"Like I haven't in a long time thanks to you."

She closed the few steps between us.

"You know, the girls told me they prefer to see that in what they called the full horizontal position. I gather, if it doesn't grow that way, they do this."

She stuck her hand down the front of my swimmers, bent my shaft down horizontal and rearranged it so the stretched material now held its hardness in that position. I'd been a bit lazy about tying the knot, so both the waistband and the leg elastic were now pulled away from my body. I looked down to see though the gap to where my balls were dangling out either side of the stretched out gusset.

She closed the gap between us, slid my erection between her legs and wrapped her arms around me; snuggling her head against my chest.

"I can see why they like it like that."

"Is there anything they didn't tell you?"

"We had a long discussion and they were very open. I learnt more about sex in that discussion than I've ever learnt from marriage or books. I feel like in some ways I know more about you and your love life than I ever did about my husband. You know both Amy and Ellen are completely in love with you, don't you. I mean, arranging this was an incredible and selfless act of love on their part."

"I know. And while I love them just as much, it scares me sometimes that I'm somehow going to be responsible for derailing their life. At their age they need someone much younger."

"Yes, we had that discussion. They think that's a decision for them to make; but they admire your selflessness just the same."

She fell silent as she let me gently stroke my hand through her hair. But with the silence came an awareness that she was rocking her crotch on my shaft.

"Ned, that was really beautiful sex last night. I've never had sex like that before. It just conveyed a gentle passion that made me feel so good. And the orgasms were beyond anything in my previous experience."

"I'm surprised that, as a doctor, you didn't look to expand your marital repertoire." 

"We came from an environment where even spouses didn't talk openly about that stuff. And I'm an ER doctor and Max was a surgeon, so it wasn't part of our general practice. I suppose we just fell into a pattern that we didn't really know we should change. I didn't even know that nipple stimulation could supercharge an orgasm like that."

"Didn't Max like playing with your nipples?"

"A little, but not much. He certainly liked looking down on my breasts as we were having sex. But you can't really play with them in the missionary position."

Almost automatically, I brought a hand up and playfully twirled one of her nipples around a finger.

"I hope you don't mind that I've always liked playing with them."

"Play all you like. Does it bother you they're not real? I figure it would be pretty obvious."

"You mean your breasts? No, why would it? They make you look stunning. But I might be curious as to why you felt the needed to have them. It doesn't really seem like you."

"Actually, my mother talked me into it. I came out of puberty completely flat chested. And the trouble with conservative clothing is that just about the only thing to attract a man with is a very obvious bosom pushing out your chest. Basically my mother inferred I'd never find a good Jewish boy to marry if I couldn't... project the right image, if you'll excuse the pun. That's not a dig at Jewish boys. I think my mother thought all men would take that view; but the presumption was that it was a Jewish boy I was wanting to attract. That was before I met Max, so maybe it worked. And my mother wasn't one to do things by halves. She thought if an image was worth projecting you should do it properly, which is why they're a bit big. "

"OK, since we're on the topic, I wouldn't have thought a full Brazilian was your style either. After all, our generation wasn't really into that stuff. In fact, if I recall correctly, in my day young men were more excited by a sighting of bush."

"Yes, that was at Aaron's insistence. Before we got married he more than dropped a hint that he expected me to be clean down there on our wedding night. Foolishly I complied instead of dropping him. But I shaved once and it got so itchy I went and got it lasered. Now I can't undo it.

It's a nuisance because, when Ruth and Daniel asked if I'd mind if they followed their usual pattern of not worrying about clothing at sea, I felt quite exposed. Ruth has a full bush which sort of hides everything, whereas I just felt everything of mine was on display. But I didn't want to be a complete prude. That's why I have these tiny bikini pants. They're like my bush substitute." 

"And a very sexy bush substitute at that, if you'll let me say so."

Liddy fell silent as she lay her head back on my chest again. By now the movement of her crotch against my shaft between her legs had become quite obvious. It was a gentle rocking stroke, not a furious rubbing. Somewhat the equivalent of the way I was stroking her hair; but in a far more erotic place. I ignored it, letting her take whatever pleasure she wanted from it.

Having found an excuse to start playing with a nipple, I wasn't going to give that up; moulding it between gentle fingers into a hard jutting edifice of a swollen areola capped with a tightened teat.

I was powerfully aroused and more than happy for this to finish in sex. But I wanted it to be Liddy's idea, not mine, even if my desire was unmistakable. 

Liddy just kept rocking. As I looked down at her, her head again tilted up; her eyes closed, her lips puckered for a kiss. Our lips met and she passionately embraced mine, thrusting her tongue into my mouth as she mashed against my face.

I hadn't until that moment realised how heavily she was breathing in aroused excitement. It gave me permission to tweak her nipple for her stimulation, instead of just keeping it hard. She moaned a gentle sigh into mouth my in response; dropping her knees down so that the previous rocking of her crotch now became a firm rub against my shaft.

Her hand came around the back of my head and pinned our faces together as the rubbing on my shaft became faster and harder. She was soon sighing rapidly into my mouth through her heavy breathing as we kissed. I was surprised just how fast she'd become aroused. I sensed she was about to climax. 

With an intake of breath, her thighs clamped together around my shaft and she thrust her hips forward, bringing our pubic areas into firm contact while she let out a low guttural moan...

"Uuuuuuuuugggggggggggggg...ooooooohhhhhh."

She held me there until it was clear her climax had passed.

"Ned, can you make really passionate love to me like you do to the girls. What do they call it?... Go the animal. I've never had that."

Even as she broke away a bit - although with my shaft still between her legs - to take my hand and lead me back to her cabin, I hesitated.

"You know that doesn't always hit a woman's erogenous spots. Ellen and Amy might be a bit unusual in how they respond to it."

She continued her turn towards her cabin.

"I know, but I want to feel the real, uninhabited passion. I've just had my turn, now I want you to give everything as you have yours."

"Your husband must have got passionate with you, didn't he?"

Liddy stopped and turned back towards me.

"Ned, Max was a good and loving husband and I loved him dearly and he gave us three wonderful children. But, like many surgeons, he was on the autism spectrum. Passion wasn't in his repertoire. And as for Aaron, I think Amy described it best when she said her abusive partner would never show passion because it would make her feel wanted and good about herself. That was Aaron to a tee."

I felt suitably chastised, even if there was nothing in Liddy's voice conveying that. In fact, I rather thought she appreciated the opportunity to explain herself. Still, as she momentarily stood there, I closed the gap between our bodies, embraced her with my shaft back between her legs again and kissed her on the lips.

"Sorry. I shouldn't have asked. There's nothing I'd rather do than make passionate love to you and if that means you want me to go the animal then that's what I'll do."

She hugged me back; snuggling against my chest as if consoling herself while dipping her legs enough to bear her crotch down on my shaft.

"There's not the slightest thing to be sorry about. My past is my past and except for Aaron, there's no regrets. But I'd prefer you to understand why I ask what I do, so it's actually nice to put my cards on the table."

As we reached the cabin, she knelt down and pulled my swimmers off; releasing my erection to point skyward again. In a moment she had me sheathed in a condom and it covered in lube; her hand massaging my shaft arousingly as she applied it. Then she put herself on the bed and lay down on her back with her legs teasingly apart, the tone of her voice challenging me as she matter of factly said...

"OK, take me."

I knelt straddling her, my shaft a keen rigid pole towering over her pubis. I was randy as hell and wanted nothing more than to do just that. But 'go the animal' sets a high hurdle. Ellen yells at me if I don't react with unabridged desperation, even if I am just trying to make sure she's really ready. There was no way I was going to take that approach with Liddy.

The bikini bottoms had to come off and yet I've always found removing them at my own pace rather erotic. I looked down at them. The thin strip of material was tightly drawn over the lower part of her swollen mound and through her crotch and had been folded into her crease in a deep camel toe, exposing her labia on either side. They were blatantly sexual in a way that went way beyond anything even the girls wore. They were also wet. She might not be as dry as she thinks. For my own pleasure, I stroked my finger through the wet fold; feeling through the fine material for her swollen bud underneath.

"You look so sexy laid out like that. I could cum before I even touch you."

Liddy squirmed in pleasure. "Don't cum yet."

There was something incredibly sexy about those bikini bottoms and the way they sat on her like that. I played with her bud through them as I asked...

"I'd really love to play with you before I unleash myself. Can I please?"

Liddy moaned a bit, pushed her head in pleasure back into the bunk cushion and lifted her hips slightly as, between groans, she managed to reply...

"Yes...oouuu...if...oouuu...you really want to."

I managed to isolate her bud in a stretched sheath of the fine wet cloth, tweaking it between my fingers. There was just something incredibly visually and tactilely exciting about it; more so because of the way Liddy writhed in pleasure in response.

I wanted to play with her nipples too, but kneeling on my haunches as I now was between her legs, I could barely stretch a hand up to reach one while still keeping her sheathed bud in erotic view. I pulled Liddy's hips, elevating them over my folded knees, shortening the reach while angling her crotch up towards me in a provocative manner.

I hadn't started this intending to give her an orgasm. It had been a bit of an indulgence for me before I surrendered to my cocks still insistent desires. But now I had, as she was responding so forcefully; well, we could both benefit. As I played with her bud and tweaked her nipples, enjoying the way she writhed and started to quiver, she vocalised her pleasure.

"Oh Ned, that's lovely...there...oh yes...mmmmmm."

I wanted to taste her - actually I wanted to taste that wet bikini - as I tickled that beautiful clit. Extracting my knees from under her, I bent between her legs and flicked my tongue rapidly at the sheathed bud before sucking it into my mouth almost hammering it with my tongue while still reaching up to tweak her nipple.

She was getting really excited now somewhat between jerking and quivering her hips to the point I had trouble keeping her in firm contact. Overcome with desire, I ripped the gusset of her bikini aside and sucked the naked flesh of her bud between my lips. Almost immediately, she came.

"Oh my...mmmmmmmmmmmm...mmmmmmmmmmm."

By now my own desire was boiling. It was time to go the animal. The pants had to come off. I pulled at them; not needing to feign impatience as she lifted her hips to let me take them down. Then I was back over her again; my legs outside hers. 

In a moment of unguarded honest desire, I audibly sighed...

"My god you're beautiful. I so want you."

With my hips still in the air I bent down to her, swallowing a breast in my mouth and swirling its already jutting nipple passionately with my tongue. Slowly but deliberately, I lowered my hips, contorting my back to let the tip of my erection seek out that beautiful warm void into which I would soon release myself.

Surging my shaft through her crease, I found it, a powerful forward thrust of my hips half burying it in her without finding any resistance. I jerked forward again, fully penetrating her and then returning to the half-buried starting point.

With all my weight taken on my haunches and arms I had completely free movement over Liddy without having to worry about crushing her. Reluctantly, I released her breast from my mouth as I straightened out my arms. The reward was to then be able to look down on those beautiful orbs. My shaft surged with the delight of it.

I thrust firmly into her again, grunting with the effort and pleasure as I brought my balls firmly up against the lips of her aroused labia and my pubis against her mons. In a way I was still getting the measure of her; testing her body and see how our erogenous zones melded. If it was Ellen, she'd be smacking my bottom and yelling at me to get on with it; but Ellen would know what I was up to. I figured Liddy would allow me a few moments before the pounding began.

Superficially, the key behind 'going the animal' is to be entirely selfish. To stir up your deepest sexual passions and desires and go at the sex to give you the best possible orgasm. I'd certainly stirred up my passions. But the very love that has to be part of what stirs up your passions to that extent makes it impossible for you to be entirely selfish. To not hurt the other person is an absolute priority - which is why I get into trouble with Ellen when I hold back and take the time to make sure she's ready. But because you love them, you also can't but want to pleasure them too and for most women, that's not always easy when you're the guy on top going at it for all you're worth.

I gave her three additional, progressively faster, thrusts, each accompanied by a pleasurable grunt from me; taking care to penetrate her fully and bring my pubis against her mons in the hope of offering her some clit stimulation. Having mentally mapped out the way our bodies came together, it was time to fully go the animal.

I started thrusting, long full thrusts that gave full vent to my cocks desires; enjoying every pleasure that the warm tightness of her sex had to offer. Yet each finished with the crashing together and momentary grinding of our pubic areas; each was monitored to make sure she registered no discomfort from an over-hard hit. And every one was accompanied by an unforced grunt that conveyed pure, unadulterated pleasure.

You would think when you're indulging yourself like this, you'd have the endurance of a match flame - burn brightly and go out quickly. And yet it doesn't seem to be the way it works for me. Other things will make me go off like a cheap cracker - like last night - where almost the first tendril of pleasure started an inevitable slide to orgasm. 
