 I was really crowded with work and it had been ages since I had taken a break. One more all-nighter at work and I was going to explode! 

I lived close to the beach and suddenly I decided to shut things down at work. What wouldn't I give to meet my favorite ex-boyfriend!! Well, if wishes were horses...I -or rather we...would have had a good long ride!! 

As I locked up, I decided to stroll a little on the beach to unwind, before getting to bed. I really needed to cool off!. I was quite exhausted and really needed to get things off my mind. 

Well, in this frame of mind and downright horny by now, I set out for the walk. As if the weather knew what I was thinking, it began a cool romantic drizzle and built up to steady rain. Not the sort that lashes down, but the sort that pours down at a rhythmic pace. The kind that you watch through your window while making love..shivering, I took shelter on the verandah of one of the neighboring cottages - wondering who occupied it. It invariably was unoccupied! In a surge of boldness, I decided to remove my bra and panties as it had been quite a warm day - proceeding to peel off my jeans as well. Now I was in a loose long man's shirt which covered my assets quite decently.

I began fantasizing, recalling a past instance when my ex boyfriend and I had been stranded on the verandah of a deserted house - it had rained that time as well, and we had held hands. I was going down memory lane now. 

Gradually we had gotten closer and started kissing, feeling each other's contours and rubbing our bodies against each other. There is something about darkness, rain and being almost isolated that sets in an erotic mood. 

We had groped inside each others clothes, getting more heated up by the moment. Since I was wearing one of those convenient wrap-around skirts, and all he had to do was lift it, push my soaking panties aside to dip his fingers in me. Which is just what he did! He had on pair of track pants, which made it easy for me as well. I pushed down the elastic waist band and set his cock free. Free to rub against my wet pussy and slide in smoothly, and carried away as we were, both of us were eager to climax. He was hot as well and started ramming into me, with me bent forward slightly, one leg raised to facilitate him entering me. Soon we reached our peaks and just stayed that way..spent and sated. 

Back to the present, those memories going around in my head, I looked around the verandah of this beach cottage and smiled to myself. I continued to watch the rain, contemplating on whether I should go home or linger for a little longer. Lost in my thoughts I did not notice another presence. A pair of hands slowly settled on my shoulders. They moved all over my body, caressing me sensually. They slipped into my shirt. I was on fire, suddenly. 

It was amazing, that instant reaction to the unexpected. I would not open my eyes. I felt the warmth of the owner of the hands behind me. I was surprised to discover it was a woman. 

Suddenly there was a draft of air. The door behind had opened. I was gently drawn in and the door shut. The woman came around to face me. She locked her mouth with mine. Gently parting my shirt, she undid the buttons. Drawing the shirt off, she started suckling on my nipples, which are large and very suckleable. 

At this moment, I sensed someone else's presence. My body was quivering in anticipation, in the mood of the moment. It was a man coming up behind me. Instinctively, I knew what would happen next. He lifted my shirt and squeezed my firm ass. The woman was was still working on my breasts, and now her hands went lower, and she slipped two fingers into my hot wet pussy, as with her other hand, she guided the man's raging cock into me from behind. She rubbed my clit in time to the man's thrusts. This was unbearably exciting!!! I bent forward to get closer to heaven. She knelt before me, suckling my breasts harder...then lowered her mouth to my clit. 

The man pulled out his cock, making me feel somehow empty. He dragged me to a couch nearby and sat me down, leaning me back. The woman went down on me and started skilfully sucking my clit...while finger fucking me at the same time. The man got behind her, raising her ass. He entered her cunt doggy style in one swift motion and rammed into her.. she was going crazy sucking my clit and being fucked at the same time. I could bear it no longer. I had to release...it had been so long! I shuddered as I came, hot wet and sticky all over her face. She smiled in the dim light, reaching her own orgasm. 

Amazingly the man was still hard!! He withdrew his cock from her cunt, and came over to me. He raised my legs, and spread them wide....to enter my hot wet cunt in one swift stroke again...and began the most exciting fuck I've ever had. He ground his cock into me and the sound of his balls slapping against me seemed to turn him on now.. as it did me....he pulled out again. I thought, gosh, when was he ever going to cum? 

The woman sat on the couch with her legs spread invitingly, touching herself and smiling. I just got up in some kind of trance and knelt before her to suck her breasts..it was the first ever time I had done this with a woman and it felt very heavenly. The man now placed his hands on my waist and raised my ass and let me have it!! 

He pumped..It seemed to go on forever, the rhythm...and finally I could feel his balls tighten as he got ready to shoot his load....to my surprise I discovered that I had my fingers in the woman's cunt and she was moaning uncontrollably as her body shuddered and shook in a second orgasm. Then the three of us, as if orchestrated, came in a rush....and collapsed on the couch!!! 

This is my favorite sexual experience till date...I have no idea if I have met these people, because in a haze, I just got my clothes and walked back a little unsteadily to my place and fell into bed, into a deep deep sleep. Peacefully.

Epilogue:

Even today, everytime I have sex, this strange experience makes me orgasm instantly...like a secret fantasy come true!! Though I doubt if I would admit it to my best friend!! After that night, when I woke up the next morning, curiosity drove me to that cottage after hesitating several times....when I discovered that 'their' cottage was empty, leaving me with a funny feeling of loss mixed with maybe...hope.