 We spent nearly three months cruising Vanuatu in company with the yacht Liddy shared with the couple who owned it.

From the day it happened, the arrival back of the owners of Liddy's yacht had created a little something of an issue for her in so far as our Thursday is her 'sleepover' night with me arrangements were concerned.

Even though she had, for a year, put up with the noise of the couple indulging in sex on the yacht while she was aboard, she felt quite inhibited about me coming aboard one night a week to meet her needs. The first time we tried it Liddy was incredibly distracted by every noise we made.

The problem for Liddy went beyond just being heard making noise. They were old family friends. They'd known both her husbands. They'd also known her when she was, in her own words, 'a good Jewish girl'. It might be the case they were willing to run around the boat naked in front of her and have her do the same, but Liddy felt embarrassed to be caught in the act of being sexually liberated, even though they'd known from the outset it was happening.

So just having me on the yacht and disappearing into her cabin with her immediately created a degree of discomfort for her.

Mostly - probably entirely - it was in Liddy's head. As far as I could see, they weren't actually passing judgement on her. In fact they seemed to me to be pretty liberated people themselves and made a point of being nice to me while I was there.

Liddy, instead, spending Thursday night on my yacht, didn't entirely solve the problem.

Firstly there was the issue of the logistics for her staying the night. On the other yacht, Liddy had me to herself for that one night. When she'd moved aboard our yacht for a longer period, she willing shared the bunk with the other girls and participated in the group sex. But when she only had one night a week with me, she sort of felt she should get exclusive access.

Even though the other girls understood that, it wasn't a trivial thing to accommodate the arrangement. My cabin was pretty well Amy's and Ellen's permanent bunk. Rather than displace them, I moved into the forward double cabin for the night with Liddy. But that wasn't really used very much and had long since become the default storage area for extra equipment and other stuff. So we had to clean it out every Thursday morning - cluttering up the passageways with the gear - then repack it Friday morning.

But for Liddy the real problem was still going back to the yacht the next morning in what she felt the others knew to be her 'just fucked' state. What we did on those Thursday nights - being her one and only night of the week was, let's just call it, pretty intense. But neither of us are spring chickens any more. Arriving back on her own yacht Friday mornings left her hyper sensitive to every bow legged stance or limp, let alone any sign of a discharge or dampness, least it reveal the intensity of the sex she'd just had.

But the simple fact was, it was just in her head. She knew it and started to become more blazie about it over time; until the point came we were able to have noisy sex on Liddy's yacht; often able to hear the other couple doing the same while we did.

After we'd finished cruising Vanautu, a critical change of arrangements occurred. From there, we were heading to the Loyalty Islands and on to New Caledonia in the WSW direction that would eventually lead us back to Australia. The owners of Liddy's yacht were heading NW to the Solomon's, then on to Indonesia to continue their World trip.

It took her a while to finally make the decision, but Liddy elected to come with us.

That left five of us on the boat.

In many ways, that made life easier. It meant that, while we were at sea, there could be two watches of two, with me as the floating skipper; able to supervise and help out with both watches as required. Of course, it also freed me up to meet the sexual expectations of both watches, without compromising my 'two persons on deck' rule.

Ellen was one watch captain with Tash as her offsider. Amy was the other, with Liddy. Ellen was particularly chuffed about the new arrangement because, with Tash normally sleeping in her own bunk, Ellen got me to herself when I retired to the bunk during her off watch. It sort of made up for when Amy got me to herself when there were only four of us aboard.

While actually cruising both the Loyalty Islands and New Caledonia, where there was only daylight sailing, Ellen, Amy and Liddy equivocated between having four in the bed and taking turns at one of them sharing the bunk cabin with Tash on a rotational basis. Four in the bed was pretty crowded and still entailed one of them taking turns not being in contact with me. But in the end, that's mostly what they did; with the exception of Liddy sometimes taking her 'odd girl out' turn as a chance for a less crowded night in the bunk cabin. Tash just claimed her more modest sex quota as the mood took her.

Sex with three of them at one time was pretty bizarre; even by the standards of what went on in the yacht. There is no manual or cultural heritage for a three woman foursome. It's not something any of us had even thought about before. So we had to make it up.

I suppose we tried everything. One on top (or the bottom) with one to each side, one to my front, another cuddled against my back with the other waiting her turn off to the side and a variety of other combinations that left me with hands, tongue, thighs and cock all over the place trying to keep all of them engaged at once. Whatever way, I seemed to end up with a female body pressed against every inch of my flesh.

But like a long married couple, certain regular patterns of sexual behaviour soon emerged for our group sex.

The pussy stack became one of the three regular fall backs; three of them face up with their hips - legs apart - stacked one on top of the other, their bodies fanned out in a tight semi-circle which left me with a view of each of their breasts and the inner arm of the lower bodies just free enough to be capable of independent movement and to let the shoulders of the top girl rest on the bunk.

The girls organised their own rotation of who was on top and who was on the bottom. I was responsible for remembering whose turn it was to take the cum shot and making sure I didn't go off prematurely and get it wrong.

The girls had started the idea. The first time it happened on the boat, I'd come naked into the cabin after my shower to find the three of them stacked on the end of the bunk, their knees bent over the end so that their lower legs bent towards the floor and their pussies were right on the edge of the bunk ; all of them grinning up at me like Cheshire cats. For this first one, Amy was on top, Liddy next fanned to my left and Ellen on the bottom fanned to the right. So much for any subtly in the foreplay. Clearly there was going to be bedtime sex.

Only Ellen was cheeky enough to try and break the ice...

"Oh dear, we seem to have fallen on our back on the bunk. I hope you won't take advantage of us."

My manhood had responded to the sight in a fairly predictable way. But on the spur of the moment I blurted out a parry to Ellen's challenge...

"Wouldn't think of it. I'll go and see if I can use the top bunk in Tash's room for the night."

I started to back out of the room, closing the door as I went. Ellen dealt with me unmercifully...

"Get back in here you dropkick and take advantage of us. Age must be affecting your judgement even if it isn't affecting your cock."

In an entirely mature way, I responded by poking my tongue out at her as I re-entered the room and went to kneel down between their stacked legs. But I underestimated the quickness of Ellen's playful wit and even that turned against me...

"I hope that tongue's a promise and not an insult."

As much as one can think with a raging erection, I pondered how best to approach the human puzzle I was presented with; how to satisfy everyone, make it seem romantic and sexy and engage them as loving people, not just a stack of vaginas made available for my use. Only once before had I been offered up a pussy stack and that was when Tash initiated one where they were all bent face down over the soft side of the beached RIB.

I seemed to have carried that off acceptably, but in that first moment it struck me that this one was a more complex puzzle. Now I had three pairs of eyes and expectant faces looking straight up at me - well actually, more accurately, looking down between their legs at me. And those faces were the faces of people I loved dearly; imposing a higher burden on me to get it right.

Face down offered none of the problems such as who, if anyone, should I be kissing and which breasts should I suck or play with. And face up also reminded me that in this stack, the young, adventurous, emotionally unengaged ringleader Tash had been substituted by the much older, more conservative and possibly coerced Liddy. 

Finally, in some ways, the angles of approach to everything in the stack seemed more contortionist face up; or so I thought in that first moment.

But I needed to act quickly or I knew Ellen would soon come out with her 'get on with it' directive; always pushing me to be more impulsive and urgent with my love making instead of exercising my more natural caution.

I gently ran my finger down through the three stacked creases, from top to bottom. Amy and Ellen were already aroused; their creases open like blossoming flowers and already moist to the touch. But Liddy, in the centre of the stack, wasn't; my finger running across the top of her labia as much as through her crease. So in a way, the need for foreplay that identified directed my next move.

Still kneeling between their legs, I ran my hand up, palms down but thumbs extended, between their legs and up each of Amy's flanks. That meant that, after crossing over the delectable threshold of Amy's mound and upper thighs, the flat of my hands dropped down and ran across the exposed lower stomach of each of Liddy and Ellen and up until I cupped their inner breast; all while my thumb stroked gently, and I hoped sensuously, along the side of Amy's body, extending over her slender frame to just reach the outer surface of her stomach and lower chest. 

Both Liddy's and Ellen's nipples responded quickly to my touch; rising into hard buttons jutting over the delightful projections of the orbs of their breasts. At first I didn't want to just tweak their nipples in some sort of erogenous zone direct attack, choosing instead to run my hands up and down their bodies a few times with their nipples as the terminus. 

But when I'd done that and had them responding nicely, I was able to tweak the inner breast of each of them with the tips of my fingers, while lifting my thumbs up to drag to the side and circle both Amy's nipples; getting an immediate and impressive reaction from them too.

All the while I'd been still kneeling between their legs, my face almost planted in their collective crotches, watching Liddy's labia for an arousal reaction from her. When it came, I wondered whether it was time to move on to clits and g spots. The truth was, I was being cowardly. Kneeling where I was, I could play the nipples of all three of them; almost without favouritism. 

And yet, laid out before me were the naked bodies of three stunning woman. All I had to do was stand up a little to view them in all their carnal delight. But that might mean I'd have to make a choice as to who to pleasure with my lips and tongue. 

The visual temptation was too great. I climbed onto my feet; bending over them as I continued to tweak their nipples as I took in the vista under me.

I decided to help Liddy along; bending down to her outer breast to take it into my mouth and play with her until now unoccupied nipple; all while contorting my arms and hands to keep tweaking the others.

Bending over bought the mid-point of my shaft into light contact with Amy's mons. Taking advantage of the fact that, as the one on top, she had her arms and hands completely free, Amy wrapped her arms around my mid section and lifted her hips to started running her crease along the length of my shaft; humming in satisfaction as she pleasured herself. I could feel how wet and aroused she was.

My thumbs could soon feel Amy's nipples harden and jut even more as she quickly worked herself into a higher state of arousal. Emboldened, she lifted her crease until the tip of my erection slipped into it; then her hand guided it into her sex.

This was all happening a bit faster than I'd intended to go; but that was probably inevitable with Amy on top. I initially pushed myself in to fully penetrate her. But only momentarily. After a couple of quite enjoyable full length thrusts, I withdrew to a shallow penetration, dropped my hips a smidgen to let me thrust at her in an upward direction, then thrust firmly in a way that raked the tip of my shaft against the front lower half of her vagina.

With a sensitive g spot and even more sensitive nipples, I knew Amy would be easy meat for a quick orgasm. And with Amy, once she's had her first orgasm, more just seem to keep coming (or is that cumming). 

Had I thought too much about it, I might have worried that starting Amy so early in the proceedings would leave the other two with a big catch up - something I'd feel responsibility for. But that's the thing about having your cock full of blood and buried in a woman while your eyes are overwhelmed with the sight of beautiful female flesh laid out under you. The brain doesn't have the time to think too much. 

Amy didn't disappoint. She was soon squirming, writhing and moaning up a storm. I had to wonder how Liddy, immediately under her, was coping with being bounced around on like that. As Amy reached her expletive ridden climax, she threw her hips up at me like she usually does to hold my hardness in maximum penetration while her contractions bear down on it; but I tried to use an embrace of her waist to limit her tendency to slam them back down on Liddy while she follows that up with a series of hard, full length, thrusts to prolong her climax with.

Now Amy had climaxed, it was time to get serious with the others. My options were limited. I suppose I could have just worked my way down the stack; withdrawing from Amy and penetrating Liddy, while still bent over the three of them; sucking nipples and playing with breasts to my heart's content.

Instead I dropped back to kneeling upright between their legs. Liddy was now visually as aroused as the others, so I didn't need to worry as much about the niceties of foreplay before fingering her clit and sex. I found the kneeling position put Ellen's sex at about the half the extended height of my engorged manhood, so it seemed like a good idea to bend it down and penetrate her.

It worked because it let me comfortably half penetrate her in an upward direction. Ellen's g spot lies a bit deeper than Amy's shallow one; but I could go more than deep enough to firmly rake it by just rocking back and forwards. That also created a space between my body and the three crotches in the pussy stack so that I could easily finger the others and even watch the erotic sight of my shaft slipping in and out of Ellen while my fingers immersed themselves in the bodies of Liddy and Amy.

Again, going with habit and what worked in the past, I fingered Liddy and Amy by penetrating them with two fingers to tickle up their g spot while stroking their clit with my opposing thumb. On past form, Liddy was going to be the slowest to reach a climax, which meant I took it slowly with my thrusting of Ellen while concentrating on reading Liddy's reactions to make sure I was having maximum effect on her.

As for Amy, she sort of just kept climaxing to what I had to admit was almost robotic fingering of her; doing little more that automatically mirroring with her what I was doing to Liddy. I could only hope Amy's erotic high was having as powerful effect on the girls as it was on me. I could feel my shaft surging as a reaction to her obvious state of pleasure. Indeed I had to forcefully resist the urge to simply hammer away with my shaft in Ellen as a response to it.

As Liddy breathing became heavier and her bodily reactions signalled she was getting closer to a climax, I upped the stimulation of Ellen; thrusting a bit faster and with a firmer upward pressure on her g spot. Soon Ellen's thighs were quivering up a storm; quickly joined by Liddy's.

Liddy went first; moaning loudly as I felt her thighs tighten and she started writhing. She tried to reach around the top of Amy's thigh to hold my hand into her sex as she usually does when fingered to a climax like this. But with Amy already writhing around on top of her in her almost continuous state of orgasm, couldn't reach me. It didn't matter. I knew what she liked and just kept at it.

Two sold thrusts later and Ellen joined the climax party. Now I had three women in a stack, all randomly writhing and hip thrusting, moaning - or in Amy's case, screaming - and each of them reaching out to instinctively hold my hand, head or body closer to them; but none quite able to grab me. Even Amy on top would sometimes start to bend forward to try and grab me; only to have to throw her head back on the bunk and raise her hips again as she was overwhelmed by another wave of her climax.

I just kept doing what I had to do to make their orgasms run on as long as possible.

As Liddy and Ellen relaxed back spent on the bunk, I knew it was my turn. There was no point waiting for Amy's climax to pass. As long as I kept stimulating her, she'd keep climaxing; more or less anyway.

I lifted myself onto my feet. It was Liddy's turn to take the cum-shot. I bent over the stacked girls, bending my now quite anxious shaft down to locate it at the entrance to Liddy's sex. As I moved my torso further over the girls, I brought myself into full penetration of her.

On this first attempt at a fanned out pussy stack, I found it difficult to get a comfortable position. Initially I tried not to put my weight on the girls. That meant moving my feet back to keep them on the ground to support the weight of the lower half of my body, while spreading my arms out wide to put them on the bunk either side of the fanned out girl stack to support the upper half; putting no weight on the girls at all.

The advantage was it gave me an almost unlimited ability in both stroke length, speed and angle, to maximise my shaft's pleasure from pounding Liddy while also giving me a great view of the three gorgeous bodies laid out under me. The disadvantage was it was torturously uncomfortable on every part of the rest of my body and lacked the immediate intimacy I usually like to be part of sex.

I let my shaft have its pleasure for as long as I could take it. But as I felt the first twinges of those shoots of ecstasy that signalled my climax was on its way, I flattened myself out on the girls, bringing my body down so it straddled Amy and Liddy. It meant almost my full weight came on them but it was beautifully intimate; Amy's large breast and hard nipple pushing into my chest as I sucked Liddy's neck while I humped her through my final pre-climax moments.

The orgasm was a good one and while the pussy stack, using more or less the sequence of events outlined for the first, became one of our regular techniques, it wasn't my favourite. I suppose you could call it efficient. We all got orgasms and, in the scheme of things, took a lot less time and energy than some of the alternatives. But to me it lacked intimacy and passion; or at least meaningful passion rather than just the type that boils up your balls and makes you dump your load.

Another common group sex position certainly had more intimacy and passion, even if it did lack structure. I doubt it has an identifiable name; or at least one any more generic than an orgy; although the girls did christen it with one.
