 As we motored slowly towards it in the RIB, Ellen and I could hear the yacht long before the dark sea mist gave us anything more than a view of the sharp glare of the boat's masthead and cabin lights.

It was the sound of riotous merriment and laughter.

As we boarded and came down into the cabin, we were greeted by the view of Amy, Liddy and Tash sitting around the galley table comfortably enjoying the ship's bottle of port. They were talking and laughing so much they didn't notice our arrival until we were virtually standing next to them. Still dressed only in the bikini pants I'd delivered them back to the boat in, their breasts were all bouncing animatedly as their bodies shook with the laughter.

And yet, surprising though that may sound, I felt a bit robbed by their state of undress. What they had each been wearing to dinner had been so boner inducing - especially Ellen's and Amy's dresses, but the others too - that I'd regretted missing the opportunity to strip them out of them as part of the foreplay to the sex that I always knew would follow. The outcome was of course predictable. Short of a group orgy on the beach, the need to get back out to the yacht was always going to see them out of the dresses well before any sex. But that's not to say I didn't regret it.

Amy spotted us first and in a loud voice asked...

"Did you two have a good fuck?"

Ellen, who'd chosen to come out to the boat topless like the others, looked at me with an amused face.

"I'll get us some glasses."

"I'm just going to get changed out of these wet swimmers." 

When I came back into the cabin in a pair of dry speedos, Ellen was sitting comfortably with the others. In the light of what Ellen had told me earlier, it didn't surprise me to find that the seat left for me was next to Amy. As I sat next to her, she put her hand on my upper thigh, quickly sliding it up to cup my balls. It felt nice, but Ellen had just drained them and Amy wasn't yet able to get much of a reaction from them.

She sidled up to me and slurred...

"Too early is it?"

Oh dear. I'd delivered them back to the boat moderately drunk. Now they were much more than that. Ellen gets cheeky when she's drunk. Amy gets amusingly giggly and frisky. I wondered if the girls' plan for the evening included them crashing out before they had their turn.

Until now, the need to drive the RIB back meant I'd been fairly abstemious. Although one of us still had to remain reasonably sober while the yacht was anchored in an open bay, I sipped at the glass of port Ellen had poured me.

Amy had gone from merely cupping my balls to running her finger along where my swimmers stretched to accommodate the underside of my flaccid shaft. It was acutely sensitive in a very pleasant way. It was still too early for a full reaction even to that, but she felt enough of a stiffening to encourage her to keep doing it.

"So did you get any sand in it?"

Amy seemed determined to talk about the sex Ellen and I had just shared on the beach; which was actually unusual. Normally when one of the girls takes me off for some private time then, absent some unusual scream or other notable noisy manifestation of what was happening, it attracts little more than a knowing raised eyebrow.

We'd ignored the first question, but Ellen rose to the challenging of answering her...

"No, too abrasive."

"You must have drained him. I can't get a reaction."

"I have that effect on men. He should be good by tomorrow or the day after."

"I have a lovely little swollen mound and some perky large breasts which I reckon will have him up in ten minutes."

Suddenly Amy's free hand came around my head and, catching me limp and completely off guard, pulled my face down between her breasts. I could hear them all laughing at my sudden predicament; Amy's breasts jiggling with the amusement she'd caused herself. But Ellen was laying it on as thickly as Amy...

"Yes, he's always had a thing about those, weak little man that he is. They might just do it."

By now Amy had my swimwear sheathed cock between two lightly held fingers and was jerking it. Bit by bit it was hardening and extending in her hand. It seemed I was going to be the subject of a running commentary...

"We're getting there."

I could see that for myself. Amy had me pinned into her breast with her hand and wasn't letting me up. Surrendering to my fate, I thought I could at least bring my hand up to play with her nipple; watching it rise between my fingers even faster than my cock was growing in my pants. But Ellen just had to encourage her...

"Go girl."

By now Amy had her hand fully wrapped around my manhood. It didn't feel like full wood, but it was a good part of it...

"I've got him heading to a full horizontal."

"Well, you know what to do with him when he gets there. He's no spring chicken, so you'd better use it before he has a heart attack."

With my voice muffled by Amy's breasts and drowned out by the laughter of the others, I meekly protested at Ellen's rudeness...

"Do you mind."

I figured two could play at the game. With the hand I'd had on her nipple, I drew a line down her lower chest and stomach and slipped a finger into her crotch; pushing the gusset of her bikini pants into a crease that was already open and damp, making it easy for me to find the swollen nub that lay within. I slipped my finger across it several times.

The reaction was typically over the top Amy - multiplied by her inebriated state. She squirmed in a pronounced way while letting out a loud...

"Oooouuuu...aaarrrrrrr...ooohhhhhhh..."

The other three laughed at her reaction before Tash chimed in...

"I think you'd better take that elsewhere before he just fucks you on the table in front of us."

Without letting my head up out of her breasts, Amy shoved my hips with hers, signalling me to slide them off the seat. Only when she felt her hips at the edge of the seat did she release my head; finally letting me stand somewhat upright to display to the others the hand she still had wrapped around the three quarters erection in my pants.

Ellen couldn't help herself...

"He's not really all the way there yet. Still a bit of a soft cock really and not much use to you like that. But bury his face in the mound of yours and he'll be as good as new."

Amy thrust her hips forward, circling her mound in front of her...

"Don't worry, it's going to be a whole lot more than his face that I've got buried in it before long."

Amy turned me towards the companion way and stood close behind me; her arm circling around my waist and her hand around as much of an erection as she'd managed to raise as she frog marched me towards the ladder.

At times like this I just turn meekly compliant. It seems strange, playing the hen pecked old man with little more than a blank grin on his face while being teased and sexually manhandled by a group of inappropriately young ladies. But in terms of the group dynamics, it works and I'm past the point where a sense of pride stops me from playing the submissive fool when I need to.

Up on deck, Amy directed me to the cushions lashed in front of the spray dodger which the girls - especially Amy - use to sunbathe on. She was stumbling a bit, so I helped manhandle her into a prone position; something she just saw as an opportunity for sexually manhandling me, rubbing herself against me and generally using whatever she could to touch up her erogenous zones, which didn't make the job of safely navigating her into position without her falling overboard any easier.

Before I laid down alongside her, I dropped my swimmers to my ankles and off my feet. As I bent down to strip Amy's bikini pants off too, she clamped them to her body and grabbed my partial erection with her other hand, pulling me down onto her. 

So, I thought, this is to be pants on sex for Amy; something she has something of a thing about. As she explains it, she just feels sexy and desirable in the small little bikini pants she wears and that translates for her to better sex - or something like that. They're a tiny little garment anyway - the gusset isn't even nearly wide enough to span her crotch, so they're pretty easy to work around. 

But they, and a concern if I didn't get something started soon she'd just fall asleep, did make me decide to finger her first, instead of orally stimulating her, while I waited for my manhood to fully recover from Ellen's draining of it.

I laid down next to her, her hand still jerking at my manhood. Lying over her to suck her nipple, I slid my hand down inside the waist band of her pants and into her crease where a swollen and wet clit awaited my fingers.

Her nipples are always a delight to suck or play with. Large, with her whole areola seeming swelling up under a nipple that tightens to a wondrous peak, you can actually take the whole thing into your mouth and play with your tongue against it as you push it onto the roof of your mouth. For those wanting to relive childhood fantasies of being breast feed, they'd be a dream. But even if you don't go that far, they're a textural and erotic delight. More so since you can get her to cum just by sucking them. If you play with her clit or g spot too, you'll have her squirming and screaming in a state of constant orgasm in minutes.

And the only difference to that whole scenario this night was that in her fairly inebriated state, she was giggling and carrying on like a randy schoolgirl being touched up for the first time even as she reacted to the erotic stimulation with her usual physical and vocal over the top reactions.

The weight of my head on her breast pinned her chest down as her hips squirmed, lifted, quivered and even jerked about with her increasing arousal. The moans and groans that she vocalises her excitement with quickly rose in pitch and loudness to what I call her sexual screams. 

They're not screams in the sense of a woman being attacked or over acting in a horror movie. They are for the most part identifiable as sounds of sexual arousal; well, except maybe for her prolonged 'aaarrrr's, which could I suppose be mistaken for someone who's hit their hand with a hammer. Rather, they're screams in the sense of being in that high pitch register that comes from the back of the throat and loud - very loud. Sometimes deafeningly so if you've got your ear next to her mouth - as you tend to have when sucking her breasts from the side.

It's pointless asking her to tone it down. After a ten year abusive relationship, Amy's found an enjoyment of sex that's released all the self preserving inhibitions that previously burdened her and she's not going to put it back in a box just so as not to be judged by others. Anyhow, why would you even want to her to do so? Well, except when, like this night, your anchored just off a crowded town having sex on deck in the full knowledge that the sound will be travelling undiminished over the water.

But even that wasn't going to stop Amy.

As she came for the first time she threw up her hips as she unleashed her usual string of expletives...

"Ooooohhhh...OOOOOHHHHHH...OH GOD...OH SHIT...OH FUCK...AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH...OH MY GOD...AAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH..."

That of course isn't the end of it. But her moans and groans at least taper off as the rest of her orgasm runs its lengthy hip thrusting course. But nor does it ever sate her either. To her being fingered, or even sucked, to an orgasm is simply an entrée of what she expects to follow. At least the sexual excitement completed my own refractory penance for what I'd enjoyed with Ellen and as Amy's warmly wrapped hand was telling her, I was back to full hardness.

My erection was dragged over her body in the direction of her sex; rather firmly and urgently so actually. Either I followed it or lost it; and I don't mean that in any harmless way. I could have just mounted her and pounded her into deck as I found my own enjoyable release; in a way that's what I was being invited to do. And it's not as though it wasn't likely to have given her another orgasm if I did. She might not have Ellen's magically sized and positioned clit that manages to be stimulated by just about everything happening down there, but her first orgasm seems to sensitise things enough that mere vaginal thrusting will generate another.

But, I suspect like many men, I get as much pleasure from seeing my partner orgasm as I get from my own. And Amy is always particularly rewarding. I wasn't finished with her yet. I submitted as she pulled my body on top of hers, bringing my legs together and forcing them down between hers, where I used mine to force hers apart. I also submitted as she pulled aside her bikini's gusset and guided the tip of my erection into her sex and encouraged me to fully penetrate her. After all, what man wouldn't? But it also got her to release the iron gripped control she's been exercising over it since she started playing with it under the table.

And since I was there I took the opportunity to enjoy a couple of long thrusts into her delectable body as I continued to suck on her delightful nipple.

But it was all just a prelude to what I planned to do next. Planting my knees firmly on the cushion between her legs, I wrapped my arm around her waist and took the weight of her body as I used my other arm to attempt to kneel upright; all while maintaining my penetration of her. It's a bit of a hernia inducing contortion, but I've managed it before. But tonight we were on an arched, rocking deck and I had an inebriated, giggling and very floppy young lady. I surrendered to the inevitable, withdrew my shaft from her warm embrace, knelt on my haunches between her legs and pulled her butt up over my thighs, all while Amy's squirming and fooling about; partly because she seemed to still be in the final throes of her previous orgasm and was reluctant to have lost the feel of my manhood inside her, partly drunken playfulness on her part.

"What'da do'ng?" 

I had to be amused how corrupted Amy's original cut glass English accent had become under the influence of a group of Australians and an excess of alcohol. 

"You know."

She certainly did. We'd done this before and it was all but guaranteed to blow her mind with multiple orgasms

"Oouu you are naughty."

I doubted Amy had ever seen a "Carry on" movie from which that quote originated, so was doubly amused how much she did a good imitation of Barbra Windsor.

"Not as naughty as you."

I looked down to where the action was about to be. I'd pulled Amy a bit too far up my thighs. With one of her legs either side of me, her crease was now pushed firmly against my erection which was now full and hard and standing proud against my stomach. I wiggled myself backward to open up a small gap.

This is always an arousing view of Amy; which is one of the reasons I like the position. It highlights her beautiful mound; a mound that has this glorious line that continues straight on from her plank flat stomach until it turns tightly under her crotch. Wide enough, without being too wide, it is the goldilocks of mounds. Not too big, not too small, it creates an impression of being swollen in a perpetual state of high arousal, like a beacon to the sexual playground that it contains.

Her desire to have sex with her bikini pants on does nothing to subtract from the effect; at least not with the sort of bikini pants she constantly wears. Even in the colour draining light of the half moon, complimented by whatever light spill there was from the cabin or the nearby town, their burnt orange colour perfectly complimented her olive skin. The narrow rectangle of cloth that constituted the front of the bikini - not flaring out in the slightest as it rose up to meet the waistband - failed to fully cover the width of her mound, leaving teasing strip of flawless mound flesh either side. The gusset was still pulled aside from her crease, both leg hems sitting outside her left outer labia, swollen in its arousal and pushed up more prominently by the pressure from the leg elastic.

And there within her crease was the most obvious sign of her arousal; a swollen bud and the opening to her sex, a large dark hole ready to receive my manhood.

There are other advantages to this position, the major one of which is the way it throws her largish perky breasts upward on her body as it angles down from where her hips are elevated on my haunches and leaves them more vulnerable to wobbling as her body rag dolls to my thrusting.

I could have happily sat there and stared at it all for ages. But the reality was I had but a moment to contemplate it. I had brought up onto my haunches a woman still in the throes of an orgasm and she was expecting me to continue the momentum of it and bring her to an even higher state of sexual excitement.

I bent my shaft down to locate the tip of it within her sex. Then, elevating her butt slightly with one hand, I rocked back and forwards. The effect is to firmly rake the front wall of her vagina at a shallow penetration - right where her g spot is.

The effect was immediate.

Amy was lifting her hips, squirming about and moaning loudly.

As I used my spare hand to flutter my fingers against her clit, her reaction intensified. My mere rocking back and forwards was enough to induce a delightfully distracting wobble of her breasts. But that wasn't nearly as distracting as being able to watch my shaft moving in and out of her body as I rocked.

Amy cries were again increasing in pitch and loudness until they again became virtual screams. Her hips were moving about so much I was having trouble ensuring I maintained the shallow penetration I was using with her and didn't just pop out. I elevated my haunches a bit, taking the weight on my knees and lifting her butt, tilting her deeper, which let me use longer and deeper strokes, while still keeping a firm pressure on the front wall of her sex.

It wasn't an easy position to hold, and I was really relying on Amy cumming fairly quickly. Fortunately she obliged, clamping her thighs around my hips as she let rip her usual expletives...

"FUUUUUURRRRRRKKKKK...OOOWWWOOOOHHHHHHHAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH...OH GOD...AAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH..."

She was throwing her hips against me, making it really hard to keep my balance with my precarious posture. I squatted down flat on my haunches again, burying my shaft as deeply as the angle would permit, intending to wait there until the most powerful part of her orgasm had run its course. 

It was then I received confirmation of how much Amy's sounds were travelling over the water. A spotlight lit up on the shore, a bit North of the main township, towards Wategos. It played against the water, obviously seeking out our range and bearing until I saw it light up the bow. With the boat facing South it was coming from just aft of our starboard beam. With Amy laid across the boat with me on the port side, it left me looking nearly directly towards the shore from where it was coming. 

I watched frozen as the beam played along the length of the boat. Amy was still moaning and squirming and I could feel her contractions bearing down on my hardness, but she'd settled down a lot from just a few moments ago. The beam approached us, first lighting up Amy's head and face, then her glorious breasts before I watched it sneak up her body until it was me in the glare of it. But it kept moving, offering me the hope that our reasonably still figures had been lost in the clutter of the deck.

It swept towards the back of the boat, seemingly found nothing and then swept forward again, still missing us.

I watched as it swept in a wider arch across the bay, maybe seeking out any other boat that might have been the source of the noise, until, probably bored, it switched off.

Only then did I feel it was safe to continue. It was my turn and I intended to enjoy it. Fully penetrated, I lifted Amy's hips again and walked my knees back until they were well clear of her butt and I was angled forward towards her. Then I eased myself down flat on top of her, quickly moving my legs outside hers.
