 On the 19th February the storm passed over the outlying Fijian Island of Vanua Balayu. Already, where we were on the North West corner of the main island of Viti Levu, we were completely battened down and essentially confined to the cabin.

The wind was much stronger and the rain more intense than it had been the day before.

Locked down as the cabin was, with four of us in it, high humidity and with only a few dorade vents for air flow, the effect was soon to produce a fetid sauna type atmosphere. After all, this was the tropics in summer, even if a cyclone was nearby.

Amy and Ellen were inclined to want to strip naked for comfort and Liddy and I eventually decided to follow suit; Liddy having lost her previous inclination towards substituting her micro bikini bottoms for complete nakedness since the other girls were no less devoid of pubic hair than she was. 

Or at least they were naked until Amy decided it was appropriate to pass the time with a game of erotic playing cards she'd researched and modified to her tastes. 

The game required that each player start with five items of clothing. Two tops and three bottoms. And for reasons that will become obvious, the bottoms had to be string tied at the side.

That was easy enough for the girls. They had a plethora of string sided bikini bottoms. But it didn't suit my wardrobe. 'No worry' said Amy. 'Louise left two of hers on the yacht when she left in a huff', which indeed she had. Issie and Amy never really took to Louise and the feelings had been mutual. In fact Louise had left the yacht in a huff after giving me a 'them or her' ultimatum I refused to act on. 

As a result her voluptuous figure subsequently became a running joke with the girls of which the bikini pieces left in the wash as she'd stormed out had been a central part; being used for a variety of practical jokes between the girls and they often accusing me of having used the pants of them as 'wank cloths' while sniffing her bikini tops. If I couldn't immediately perform for them on demand, the suggestion would be made that I'd wanked myself soft on them. They'd even point to some wear marks on the front of them as (entirely false) evidence of their misuse in that manner.

I was made to try them on for the game and they sort of did the job; neither fully comfortable nor modest, but they were deemed by the girls - between giggles - to fit the bill. But that was only two. Still 'no worries' continued Amy, as she cut off the waist of my oldest pair of speedos to the point that the side of the leg hem was severed. Some hand stitching of elastic ties produced something that was both more comfortable and modest than Louise's contributions. In retrospect, I might have been willing to offer up two more pair of mine; but the deed was done.

Bikini tops were nominated as being appropriate for the girls. I was made to try on Louise's. "The hammocks" as the girls pejoratively called them. Not completely lacking in dignity, I drew a line at that when the three of them doubled up in laughter and offered to go and get some melons to stuff them with. I offered up some old minimalist singlets I had. 'Not enough flesh showing' insisted the girls, so they promptly cut them off into tiny crop tops which barely covered my nipples; leaving me looking ridiculous. 

The game was played with two decks of ordinary playing cards. Each player was a 'suite holder' of one of the four suites - I drew diamonds, Liddy spades, Ellen Hearts and Amy Clubs. Each denomination of card represented an action that the person turning the card either had to perform on the suite holder or had to be performed by the suite holder on that person.

Amy's quickly scrawled notes on the rules for the game were as follows. Mind you there was some improvisation as we went given you sometimes ended up with conflicting oblogations -

2: Tell suite holder in intimate detail a sexual fantasy you have about them 

3: French kiss the suite holder for one round ("FOR") 

4: Suite holder kisses you FOR 

5: Finger the suite holder FOR 

6: Suite holder fingers you FOR

7: Give suite holder oral FOR

8: Get oral from suite holder FOR

9: Get a pair of pants from suite holder FOR 

10: Give a pair of pants to the suite holder FOR

Jack: Suck suite holder's pants FOR

Queen:Suite holder sucks your pants FOR

King:Suite holder sits on Ned's erection while player fingers her FOR

Ace:Free pass to suite touch holder anywhere FOR or have Ned fuck them to climax

Two consecutive cards of a suite: Suite holder loses an item of clothing

Three consecutive cards of a suite: Suite holder fingered to orgasm (sucked to orgasm if third card is a 7; while sitting on Ned's erection if it's a King) 

You can sort of get the drift of where this was heading.

We sat around in a circle on the bunk to play; so nothing was going to be under the table. The winner was somewhat difficult to determine. There was some sort of fuzzy equation that took into account the order in which you found yourself naked and the number of times you'd been brought to a climax.

Amy drew first and drew the 3 of hearts. That required her to French kiss Ellen until Amy's next turn. Then Liddy drew the five of hearts, so Ellen very quickly lost one of her tops, but also had Liddy finger her until Liddy's next turn.

This was not a game where turns were taken in rapid succession. We had a lot of time to kill. We were all happy to sit around and watch as the person whose turn it was went about their designated activity.

I watched with interest as Liddy approached the task of fingering Ellen. Amy and Ellen are now completely comfortable with playing up to the role of being 'BOB's' (Bi on the boat: Issie's re-use of the American female college concept of LUG's - Lesbians until graduation). Their French kissing each other looked just as passionate as anything they do with me. Liddy was aware of all this before she signed up for the relationship, but this was all new to her. She was still adjusting to having sex with me in front of others, let alone getting it off with the girls.

But at least in relation to this first test, she seemed unfazed by it. She moved alongside Ellen, put one hand around her shoulders and the other down her pants without the slightest hesitation.

With Amy all over her face and Liddy down her pants, Ellen had some trouble drawing and reading her card, but when she pulled the five of diamonds, had to contort herself further to put her hand down my pants and stimulate me. I'd had a half boner just from watching the first two plays. My speedos might be able to stretch to accommodate a full one. Louise's old bikini bottoms were certainly never designed for that. The tip of my erection was soon pointing out over the top of the three layers of pants I had on; although, again for reasons that will become obvious, Ellen made sure any pre-cum was discharged onto the inner most bikini bottom.

When Amy next drew the two of spades, she had to take Liddy's outermost pair of pants and put them on herself.

And so the game continued. 

When Ellen drew the king of clubs, Amy had to sit penetrated on my erection while Ellen fingered her, with Amy again making sure to wipe my shaft down afterwards with the inner most of the bikini pants I was wearing.

The reason for making sure bodily fluids collected on the inner most pair of pants became evident when Liddy drew the jack of diamonds. She had to use her lips and teeth to undo the ties of the inner most of the bikini bottoms I was wearing, pull them out from the over layers and suck on (or at least hold in her mouth between her lips) the part where my shaft had been weeping or wiped on them until her next turn; where upon I put them back on as the top layer.

Even at this early stage, the area around the centre of the waistband was heavily impregnated with my pre-cum and Amy's juices.

To facilitate Liddy getting them off I lay on my back as she identified which of the three side ties belonged to the inner most pair and pulled the strings with her teeth. The real merriment started when she then moved around to over my stomach to pull them out. I already had a boner that was standing well proud of the waistband and thus pulling it clear of my stomach, so it wasn't that hard for her to pick out the underlying layer with her teeth even if one misjudged move nearly stuck the end of my cock up her nose [and no, her nose is way too cute and my swollen cock way too thick for anything more than the very tip of it to enter her nostril. But that was enough for her to get pre-cum up it] and have Amy and Ellen rolling in laughter on the bunk at her reaction.

The actually pulling wasn't that comfortable for me. Even though I lifted my hips, there was a fair bit of drag [and since it was a pair of women's' bikini pants, you can take that with both its meanings] which meant Liddy had to pull pretty hard and crush my balls somewhat.

Liddy looked rather amusing when she emerged from the exercise with the pants hanging from her teeth and just as amusing when she had to turn them around and hold the impregnated area in her teeth for the next round.

After a number of rounds, Liddy, Amy and myself were topless with Ellen down to one layer of top and Liddy down to only two layers of bottom. There'd been much fingering, a fair bit of oral and numerous suckings of some fairly juiced up pants and Ellen had been fingered to a climax by me while I French kissed her after I'd turned up the three of hearts as the third successive card of that suite. 

When, a couple of rounds after I'd fingered Ellen, I turned up the five of clubs, it was also the third club in a row. That meant, not only did I have to finger Amy to a climax, I then had to remove her pants and suck on them. Amy's ridiculously easy to bring to orgasm in the right circumstances and this was one of them - especially when I improvised the rules and sucked on her nipples too. Her pants were already wet with her juices when I first put my hand down them and dripping wet by the time she'd climaxed. 

After the difficulty Liddy had pulling my pants out of the inner layers, I improvised on that too. Instead of pulling them up out of the waistband, I pulled aside the gussets of the outer layers of the pants to let me pull them out by the crotch. As I stuck my tongue inside the now loose leg hem of the wet innermost layer to create a space to get my teeth around it, I 'accidently' [which means quite deliberately] tickled up her clit with it. Already aroused and sensitised, Amy reacted so positively to the contact - raising her hip and moaning loud enough to be heard over the storm - no one objected when I spent a couple of minutes finishing the job as she added to the juices already in the pants with another climax. 

They were a particularly tasty treat as I held them in my mouth for the next round; more so as I amused the others by making an exaggerated sucking of them.

By the end of that same round Liddy had experienced her first French kiss with both Ellen and Amy and done it quite persuasively.

Two rounds on, Ellen had drawn a king as the third successive card of Amy's suite and had to suck her to orgasm as Amy sat on my erection. To say that by this stage Amy was in one of her highly aroused states of constant near orgasm is no exaggeration. 

Early in the game, when Amy drew an ace of Ellen's suite, she'd chosen to very intimately touch her up, with Amy even rubbing her crotch on Ellen's thigh. But when, at this mid stage in the game, she'd drawn an ace of Liddy's suite, she elected for me to fuck Liddy to orgasm as the others watched. 

I realised this might have been another hurdle for Liddy; and Amy was very deliberately pushing her over it. There's a difference between slowly working up to sexual activity as part of a threesome and just lying back and getting yourself cold fucked while an audience of two sits there watching and provides a running commentary; more so since it only stops when you have an orgasm which, if not actually real is sufficiently persuasive to satisfy the critics. No one else was going to have a turn until Liddy had her orgasm.

And there was pressure on me to get it right enough to give her a decent chance of an orgasm anyway. Just jumping on her and pounding her was no guarantee of that outcome.

I moved over next to Liddy and helped her lay on her back. I'd been aroused enough by the game that it only took Liddy wrapping her hand around that part of my three quarter mast that emerged from the waist of my pants and slip it down inside them to finish its growth to full hardness. With a subtle hand over the fiddle of the shelf that ran along the side of the boat next to the bunk, I'd already managed to get a squeeze of lube on the end of my finger from a pre-positioned tube.

As I lay down alongside her I spoke into her ear, loud enough to carry over the storm noise, but I hoped quietly enough not to be heard by the others...

"Are you OK with this."

"I think so, but I'm feeling as nervous as an unprepared actress on an opening night. I hope my performance is up to scratch."

"You think you've got performance worries!"

As Liddy spread her legs, I pulled aside the gusset of her remaining two layers of pants and slipped my finger into her crease, wiping the lube where I needed it and feeling up her clit. While the requirement was to fuck her, not finger her, I took my time about it; especially with the attention I gave to her clit. If it was only half engorged when I started, I was moderately confident I'd brought it to full engorgement and then some by the time I rolled onto her. A finger into her sex deeply enough to tickle up her g spot also made sure she was ready for me.

I guided myself into her.

Liddy was no Ellen, whose large clit was positioned for good stimulation during penetrative sex. Nor was she an Amy, whose excessively sensitive nipples and general ease of arousal achieved much the same result. As I'd already acknowledged, just pounding her wasn't likely to get her there.

My initial missionary penetration of her was really just to allow for some intimacy and foreplay and make sure her body was accepting of me. After nuzzling her and engaging her with some gentle thrusts, I withdrew.

Kneeling between her legs, I sat on my haunches and dragged her hips up over my thighs. Bending my shaft down, I achieved a slight penetration and asked her to hold it there while I dragged her further up over my thighs; deepening the penetration.

Amy and Ellen certainly weren't contributing to making this a romantic or erotic connection; with an amusing running commentary, which could just as easily been that of a professional wrestling match with pins, throws and holds. They named what I was about to do Liddy as the 'all point stimulation G banger' - as in g spot banger. Even Liddy was having trouble supressing her amusement, which was great except for what it might be doing for her level of arousal - or mine for that matter.

But their description was accurate. I was now able to finger her clit with one hand, tweak her nipple with the other and rake her g spot with jerking thrusts, all at the one time.

I tried to close the running commentary out from my mind and focus on making love to Liddy as if the others weren't there; although that was difficult when some witticism would penetrate my conciseness and cause me to giggle, as it did from time to time for Liddy.

But both the hardness of Liddy's nipples and the state of engorgement of her clit were telling me I was making progress; in as much as I've noticed before that, even when being tweaked, her nipples are only really completely hard when she's well on her way to an orgasm.

The issue started to become that, if this game was to work, it was fairly important that I finished Liddy without cumming myself and with my erection intact. Even with Liddy's loose grip, my shaft was being intensely stimulated at two very sensitive points - the upper surface of the bell where it raked Liddy's g spot and the mid-way point of the bottom of the shaft where it levered itself past Liddy pelvic floor muscle.

I started to feel that sense of a climax brewing in my balls. Desperately, I slowed my already measured rate of thrusting and put more effort in stimulating her clit and nipples; always looking at her face to try and judge if I was being successful. At times I even stopped thrusting; only for it to be noticed and mockingly commented on by the other girls.

But at last Liddy reached a point where her eyes were closed and her head was pushed back into the bunk. Her lips formed into an 'o' and I could see and feel a more pronounced rise and fall of her chest as she breathed.

I breathed a sigh of relief when her hips were thrust up and back at me as she arched her chest and lower torso while her contractions pressed against my shaft. The others were convinced enough to give her a round of applause.

I still had my erection intact, but it was a near run thing. I still wasn't sure how many of those aces I'd survive before unavoidably climaxing. The girls weren't supposed to grip me, which helped. But what happened in the courses of their climaxes wasn't always controllable by them or me. 

The matter became mute when Amy drew a third card in succession of my suite and had to jerk me to a climax. Taking too long to get there by hand, she elected to deep throat me; withdrawing just in time to add my discharge to the mess already wetting up the pair of Louise's bikini bottoms which were at that time the only item of clothing remaining on me.

When Ellen turned up the jack of my suite next up, she got to suck the mess off it.

A few more rounds and Liddy was naked while I was left only wearing a very wet, way too small and uncomfortable pair of Ellen's bikini bottoms for a round. My erection had recovered and the pants were returned to Ellen with interest after Liddy drew a king of hearts, causing her to finger Ellen as she sat on my erection. When Liddy used her doctoring skills to cheekily push her finger up alongside my erection to stimulate Ellen's g spot, she inadvertently brought Ellen to a record fast squirting climax. 

That set off a sort of 'can you finger them to orgasm within one round of the table' competition. Amy, highly aroused and very sensitive on her nipples, was easy meat for everyone who turned a five, six, seven, eight, king or ace of the right suite; which was quite often. Some of us may even have taken just a bit longer than we needed to when we had our turns while she was being subjected to stimulation. She started to get nearly hoarse from her screaming orgasms.

Normally when I drew an ace, I elected to touch up whoever's suite it was. I wanted to preserve my erection and the girl's dignity - especially Liddy's, who was already coping a hiding (or more to the point, a regular enough fucking) at the instigation of Amy every timed she turned up Liddy's aces. But it wasn't until later in the game I first drew an ace of Amy's suite.

On the spur of the moment I elected to fuck her. Partly because she'd nominated Liddy for it a couple of times. Now being a couple of ejaculations down, you'd think at this stage of the game I'd be able to keep it in my pants; or at least I should have been able to if I was still wearing any. But the other reason was - and if I was honest, the main reason was, I wanted too. Really, really wanted to, as in had a rampaging erection at the thought of it. She'd had to sit on my erection while someone else tickled her up a couple of times by now and it had only stocked the fires of my desire.

There was just something about the current state of her manic sexuality, that a combination of the game and the tension from the rising storm had her in, that made the prospect of fucking her irresistible. Whatever it was that had lit those fires, it went beyond the mere visual. There was just something about the mood she was projecting. Mind you, the visual was fairly compelling too. I was in the company of three stunning, wholly or nearly naked women, but more than the others, it was Amy's body that was screaming 'sex' at me.
