 As we ate dinner that night, and tried conversing over the howl of the storm, a nagging concern that had been building in my mind ever since the latter part of the game, consolidated inside me.

It had nothing to do with the storm; at least not any storm that involved wind and rain. Something was wrong with Ellen. Not physically. Rather she was out of sorts. Maybe even sulking with me. The problem was, I thought I knew why and already I was feeling guilty about it. Ellen was too calm to throw a full tanty. Maybe the others hadn't even noticed it; she was too graceful to apply it indiscriminately. But I had and, to me anyway, it was directed only at me.

I would guess it all started, when I gave vent to a moment of lust towards Amy in the sex game and elected to give her a good fucking and extended that to my own climax, instead stopping at hers as I was meant to. I should have taken the safer game offered option of just touching her up.

Normally I let the girls instigate sex and set the rules - after all, I can hardly say I don't get enough. But what I did with Amy in the game broke the pattern and identified just one of them as, in that moment, an object of my uncontrolled lust. I should have known better. Jealously is a terrible thing to let ferment in a group relationship.

But there was something about the way Ellen forcefully pushed Amy off me and took over the use of my erection that should have alerted me to an issue. If that had left any doubt, that slightly put out treatment I was getting since confirmed it.

We were in for a long and difficult 48 hours as the cyclone passed over us. It was something I wanted to get out of the way. But as I've learnt through 30 years of marriage, there's a preliminary dance that has to be gone through with these things. I managed to get her far enough away from the others to ask her...

"Are you annoyed with me? Do we need to have a talk?"

"Why do you ask? No."

However pacifying her words might seem, there was something sufficiently dismissive in her tone to tell me I had a problem.

"Are you sure? You're acting like you might be? Would you mind if we had a talk anyway?"

"Why?"

I took her by the hand and led her forward into the amidships bunk cabin. It would do for a private space and being on the downwind side of the boat and with only a small window, I hoped it might be quieter. But, with a lot of topside gear now stowed there, room was tight. I sat her down on the lower bunk and sat alongside her.

It was a far from comfortable arrangement. Ellen shuffled herself across the bunk to rest her back on the side of the boat on the far side of the bunk. I followed. But that too was awkward. There wasn't enough headroom between the double tier bunks to sit up straight, so we were both left leaning forward.

There was no chance of this being a whispered, sweet nothing conversation. To be heard over the storm, you still needed to almost yell; but even then, I doubted the others could hear us.

"Now I know I've upset you and while I might be able to guess what the cause is, I think it would be better if you expressed the reason yourself. We've always run this relationship on an open conversation basis and I think it's important we do that now."  

Ellen took a deep breath, hummed and look down pensively. I waited, giving her time to formulate her words and taking solace from the fact I wasn't meet with another immediate denial. Ellen's one of the smartest and most level headed women I've ever had the privilege to deal with. It was one of the reasons I'd taken so seriously even the slightest evidence of her being offside. But I'd also jumped in the deep end of this conversation relying on an assumption she wouldn't put me through a three day dance before we could really get down to a serious talk.

"I didn't like the way you suddenly got the hots for Amy and fucked her in front of us like that, especially after you passed over doing it to me. It's says you have uncontrollable lust for her but not for me."

The way I was sitting was killing me. And it was too impersonal sitting side by side like that. I couldn't look her in the eyes unless she turned her head towards me; and she wasn't doing that.

"Just a sec. I can't sit like this."

I repositioned myself to lay on my side along the edge of the bunk, my head held up on my bent arm resting just outside her legs. Now at least I could look straight up at her eyes; which was important from a discussion point of view. But in this case it was also important because we were both stark naked and I could also look straight up between her legs at her pussy and straight up at her breasts too. We might be used to nakedness, but from some angles, it was more intimate that others.

"You're right, in the sense I definitely did wrong. It was a thoughtless surrender to a spur of the moment lust, even if I would offer as a partial excuse the fact that I was seeking to reciprocate Amy's constant requiring Liddy to submit to a fucking from me. But I completely admit, I lost the benefit of that excuse as soon as I didn't stop after Amy's climax."

"Sorry Ned, but apologising doesn't change my feelings that I've been downgraded to some sort of second rate love interest."

"Oh Ellen, you're nothing of the sort. Look, I don't think it's ever been a secret from either you or Amy that there are certain features of her appearance that drive me wild with desire. Just little sexual obsessions that really rock my boat. And yes, in a weak moment today, they caused me to act in a way I shouldn't have.

But it's also no secret that Amy's intensely jealous of the intellectual bond I share with you. In Amy's mind, that small advantage she has in physical appearance is just a token compensation for her sense that I'm a lot closer to you than to her.

And don't for a moment think that anything I've said suggests you're not a stunningly attractive, sexually desirable woman. Goodness, I hope I don't have to tell you that you're model material in a way Amy could never be. But more than that, I'm in awe of your intelligence and depth of character."

Ellen was finding her seating arrangement no more comfortable than I had. She'd been shuffling to the point of distraction. Still tight lipped, she broke eye contact with me as she moved to mirror my own position. As if there was not the slightest thing provocative in that action, she lifted the leg closest to my head over it; momentarily spreading her legs apart at 90 degrees and leaving me nowhere to look except straight up her pussy. The then other leg followed, turning her lengthways along the bunk and letting her shuffle down so that our bodies were parallel and her head was level with mine.

Even on the narrow single bunk, there was a respectful distance between our two naked bodies.

I knew I was somewhere in a Hobson's choice of digging a deeper hole for myself or a second no less undesirable one. But I didn't want anything I'd just said to be taken as a put down or dismissal of Amy. As she mirrored my arm supporting a head position, I felt compelled to add...

"Don't get me wrong, I'm not knocking Amy or suggesting she's nothing more than a sexual obsession. She's a beautiful, intelligent, delightful lady who I love very much. But she's absolutely right in her assumption about the bond I feel to you."

"Really? None of that explains why you've never felt strongly enough about it to lustfully leap on me like you did with Amy."

As she spoke, I could see a tear form, trickle down her cheek and fall onto the bunk cushion. "Oh god' I thought to myself, what have I done. I hated the thought that I'd hurt this wonderful young woman.

The problem was, her very display of vulnerability and the way she'd been willing to open up in communicating with me had an unexpected effect. It suddenly aroused me; physically aroused me. Not just a little. Even after all the ejaculations and sex I'd had that day, I quite quickly grew a full boner; hard and aching with desire for her. As I lay on my side it stood out from my body, supporting itself in a horizontal position parallel with my torso and already weeping pre-cum. And because of the narrowness of the bunk, it was mere millimetres from contact with her.

At one level it was simply a feeling of love. I wanted to hug her and be hugged by her and just tell her everything was alright and there was nothing to be upset about. It was the clearest possible statement of my feeling of lust towards her. And yet, maybe not the lust she wanted. The desire I felt was not to pounce on her and pound her all too beautiful body into the bunk in the way I'd wanted to do with Amy. It was simply to penetrate her; unite with her as we intimately dealt with what it was that was vexing her.

Still, that was all a distraction from her last verbal challenge; however seemingly related it might be. If there's something a man's meant to learn over 60 odd years, it's that sex isn't the solutions to all your problems with women.

"Of course there's been times I've wanted to leap on you and have sex. Completely inappropriate times when I've had to nail myself down not to do it. I don't know how often as I've sat there in absolute awe and respect of your navigating skills as you've explained your notes for an upcoming trip to me or updated me at sea, that I've been sitting there with full wood under the table just wanting to lay you over the chart and fuck you. I'm sometimes too aroused to even take in properly what you're saying.

I've had to fight hard to resist the temptation. But I've done so because I thought that was the proper and respectful thing to do. As us guys keep getting told, it's not all about sex.

All that happened today was that circumstances arose where, at least as between Amy and me, there was implicit permission for me to act. I just didn't think enough about its effect on you, and that was wrong. Very wrong and I deeply regret it."

"Really? You get aroused when I'm taking to you about our course?"

"All the time. We're sitting in close contact and I've got this beautiful, intelligent woman who I love and is so much impressing me with her abilities. I know it's not right that one of my reactions should be that I want to fuck you, but I always do just the same. But my brain tells me not to act on it. When I usually sit there for five minutes studying the chart after you've finished, I'm as much waiting for my erection to go down and wondering how I hide the deposits of pre-cum that have penetrated through my swimwear."

As we spoke, we were close enough she'd have to have looked hard down between our bodies to actually see I was aroused, but just far enough apart she couldn't feel it. But just the slightest repositioning by her made the tip of it brush momentarily against her stomach. I dare say what she felt was unmistakable for what it was. She looked down between us, bringing her head close enough that her long hair was in my face, as she bent forward to look past the projection of her breasts.

"Are you aroused now?"

"That's hardly a deniable fact. You've seen it. Achingly so."

"Why?"

"Because as we lie here talking I'm reaffirming my emotional connection with this wonderful person. Of course the fact she's a beautiful and very sexy young woman multiplies the effect. In that pantheon of reasons, the fact she's lying next to me completely naked is almost irrelevant; but doesn't hurt."

"So why aren't you surrendering to your lust? Doesn't that prove my concern?"

"Far from it. Our relationship is more than about sex, however lustful I might feel towards you. I brought you in here because I'm hating the fact I hurt you and I want to clear the air. Us men are supposed to understand women just don't want to be jumped on and fucked as the solution to all your issues with us."

"But this issue was specifically about how you respond to lust."

"Maybe, but I don't have your permission. In fact, because of my concern you're annoyed with me, my starting assumption would be you'd dislike me to initiate any physical contact. Gee, every ounce of my being is wanting to hug you and comfort you, whether or not that leads to sex. But I don't even feel I have permission for that. The difference earlier today was the game clearly gave me permission to act."

"Ned. Just stop over thinking everything and hug me."

I closed the short distance between us, slipped one arm under her neck and the other around her back, drawing her into full contact with me; or at least as much full contact as the throbbing erection pressing into both our stomachs would permit. It felt wonderful as she hugged me back; pressing her breasts and their now hard nipples against my chest and then more forcefully bringing our hips together so that my erection was pressed deeply into the warm flesh of her stomach.

I couldn't resist her any longer...

"Can I penetrate you?"

"What are you Ned, Mr Fucking Darcy? This isn't Jane Austin. Just fucking fuck me."

For all Ellen's sensibility and intelligence, there's no doubt that growing up on the Northern Peninsular of Sydney gives you a down to earth directness in ones approach to Australian language. It might be upper middle class but it hasn't lost its working class origins. 

But the fact was, as much as I ached to do just that, I personally would have preferred a middle step. A prolonged penetrated hug, however clumsy my suggestion of it, would have made me feel a lot better about reconnecting our relationship before we moved onto make up sex. A straight out quickie just felt a bit dirty and manipulative. But there are times Ellen just needs to be listened to, and I knew this was one of them.

With her top leg already over mine, I dropped my erection between her legs and brought it up into her crease. The tip readily homed itself into the opening of her sex. This was all happening so quickly, I couldn't help but take a cautious approach to the speed of penetration, but Ellen was having nothing of that. She pushed herself down on me. Just for a moment, I allowed it to be pushed away, slowing my immersion in her because I thought her body wasn't ready. But she just pushed harder; unwilling to let things happen gradually.

I knew I'd get into trouble from her if I pussyfooted about, so then I just held myself rigid while she controlled the rate of penetration. But still, Ellen was pushing hard against what I thought was considerable resistance.

My next resort was to start some shallow withdrawals and push back; seeking to penetrate her in a series of short thrusts which I hoped would lubricate and open her at the same time, while appearing to her give her an urgency of sex she seemed to crave.

But she took it at face value; responding with longer, harder and even more urgent jerks that had me fully penetrated in her in three of them. And then she just continued them, quite passionately; raising the possibility we complete the whole thing side by side like that. Now, no sex is bad sex, but in terms of really good orgasms, I'd rare managed a beauty like this. They usually turn out something like damp squids.

There was no doubt I had the hots in her. I wanted her, I wanted to cum in her and my cock was absolutely aching for it.

If it was a passionate fucking she really wanted, it was time to give it to her, whatever my mere male judgement of her readiness was. I rolled her on her back and me on top of her, my legs outside hers, lifting myself up on my arms to take in the beauty of the woman laid out under me. Long, and slender bodied with flawless fair skin, her beautiful angular high cheeked face looked engagingly, invitingly almost pleadingly up at me. Her breasts weren't overly large, but, catwalk model like, more than enough to mark out her womanly figure and capping them were delightful jutting nipples.

I gave her my first good thrust and groaned in pleasure at the feeling of it flooding the length of my shaft, burying myself as deeply as I could and screwing around where my balls met her crease. With a second one I was starting to work up to my rhythm, disturbed only slightly as Ellen lifted her hips and threw them back at me. Her thrusts were telling me to go faster and I obliged, trying to synchronise with her.

As I sped up, she relaxed back to accept my thrusts; seeming satisfied I was getting it right and as happy for me to do the work as I was to perform it. But she was squeezing me more tightly than I was used to from her. It felt wonderful. But the trouble with lust is that it invades your brain and erodes your staying power. Part of you might be worried about performance, but the brain's master controller is sort of going "Forget performance, with lust like that you're made for each other. Just deliver the bloody seed and fertilise the woman." And, since the master controller has the direct neural path to your erection, Ellen's tight grip was making the message ever harder to resist.

Ellen was showing every sign of heavy arousal, but she hadn't climaxed and I didn't think she'd get there ahead of me. As if begging her to ease up, I shouted at her over the storm "I'm going to cum" as I slowed and then paused my thrusting trying to hold it back. But she put her hands on my butt and started pulling in and pushing me out; basically insisting I keep thrusting.

It was too late anyway. I decided to make the most of it, delivering her a couple of massive thrusts before I collapsed down over her, groaning and writhing as a powerful orgasm caused my hips to go into a virtually uncontrollable spasm of thrusts and shudders designed to maximise my pleasure and wring every last drop of cum from the bottom of my balls.

Like every premature male, I begged an apology and I tried to slip my fingers down between our still bound together bodies to finger her to a climax. She intercepted my hand and brought it up to her shoulder as she brushed her other hand through my hair.  

Putting her hands around my back and drawing me firmly against her, she squeezed my still hard erection tightly and lifted her hips to push forcefully against my pubis as she circled against it; all while humming in pleasure. I wasn't really sure what that was about. She obviously enjoyed it, enough to do it a second time. But as far as I could judge, it wasn't an orgasm. It seemed more like the display of pleasure I felt when I first penetrated her.

I couldn't help myself. I had to ask...

"What about you?"

She pulled her head back to get a good view of my face and gave me a wide and very reassuring grin.

"I'm good. I got what I really wanted; well actually, more what I needed. A climax isn't always everything you know."

Ellen pulled me firmly down on top of her for a full length body hug. My face was mashed into the bunk cushion alongside the fall of her long blonde hair. I still felt guilty. Not just about going prematurely. More about the feeling I'd got off too lightly for my transgression. She was telling me I was back in her good books, but I somehow felt I should have paid a heavier price and that the makeup sex came much too soon - in more ways than one.

Still, I wasn't complaining. And in any case, I was still fully hard and my cock was thoroughly enjoying loitering in her sex as we cuddled. Maybe this was the cuddle I'd originally wanted before I'd pounded her, so I could hardly complain if it all worked out in the end.

We'd been like that for about five minutes and I was nearly flaccid when there was an almighty 'bang' against the other side of the boat which made up both leap in surprise.

"I'd better see what that was."

Reluctantly I climbed off her and opened the door into the main cabin. The noise of the storm was significantly louder than before. Amy and Liddy were sitting at the table with a cup of tea.

"What was that?"

Liddy answered...
