 Bob sat on his couch staring at the TV. It was two years to the day since he'd buried Melissa. His in-laws were coming over "to remember her," and he dreaded their arrival. It wasn't that he didn't like them; they were great. He had no family other than Melissa's, and had nothing when Melissa brought him home and announced they wanted to get married. Her parents had treated him like family from the start. Katy, her sister, hated him. He'd tried his best in the intervening years, but she still treated him with contempt. 

The doorbell rang and he steeled himself for the onslaught. He hadn't expected to see Katy, with her girlfriend Donna. "Hi Donna, Katy."

Donna stepped up and hugged him tightly. "Hey there, how are you?"

"Kinda down, as you can imagine."

"This your idea?" Katy was about as unhappy to be there as he was to have her there. He swore to himself to be nice.

"No, Mom asked if we could do this, and I couldn't say no." (Be Nice!)

"Well, MY mom can be pretty sappy some times."

The doorbell saved Bob, announcing the arrival of his in-laws. Greeting his mother-in-law always made him feel better. She was a tiny East Texas woman, with a heart the size of Alaska. She had never referred to him as her son-in-law, or Melissa's husband, but has her son. He was always amazed by her strength of will. Melissa's father was a tall, quiet man who had long ago learned to pick his battles, and normally gave in to his wife's every whim. When he stood his ground, however, he was the proverbial immovable object. Their obvious disappointment in Katy's lifestyle didn't prevent them from showing Donna the same love as well, for his mother-in-law hugged her and kissed her cheek, just like she did her daughter.

The following four hours went miserably slow. Talking about his late wife, while surely therapeutic, only served to make things worse. Bob tried to save himself as much as possible by making snacks and trying to make dinner, though his mother-in-law insisted on helping or doing it herself, which made the escape value lessen. 

Halfway through preparing dinner, Bob's father-in-law stuck his head in the kitchen and asked, "Bob, should we open a bottle of wine?" 

"Go right ahead. That's what they are there for."

Turning to his wife, he said. "You know wines, go pick one out." This sent her bubbling out to the bar to select one of the forty or so bottles of wine Melissa had stocked their wine rack with.

As soon as she left, the older man turned to Bob, "Sorry I didn't think of something sooner. She's trying to help as best she can, but she can be a bit much."

For the first time that day, Bob kind of half laughed. "Thanks. Let there be no doubt, I love Mom, but she was driving me nuts." 

At that point, she burst back in, talking a mile a minute, carrying a bottle of wine, bustling about looking for wine glasses and a corkscrew. "ThiswasMissy'sfavoritewine. Itsashirazfromaustratlia.Theydon'tmakeitanymore..."

Bob redirected her to under the bar where the wine glasses and corkscrew were.

When she left, his father-in-law asked, "What did she call that stuff?"

"I missed it. Melissa was the wine drinker. I'd generally rather have a beer, myself."

"Me too, but we're wine drinker's tonight."

Dinner and the wine made things go a little better. After dinner, Mom, was feeling the effect of her glass of wine pretty heavily, so the in-laws made their round of hugs, and went home. Bob expected Katy and Donna to bail pretty quickly as well, but Katy sat in the living room and began to vent. 

"Well, that was awful. At least we have another year to wait before we do it again."

Bob added, "Don't forget Christmas."

She glared as him, "Thanks for ruining my dream."

"Sorry. As much as I hate this, I'd do it again tomorrow if Mom asked."

"I don't even want to think about that possibility."

Donna tried to change the topic. "That was a nice bottle of wine."

"I've got another ten or so of it. Melissa found out the winery was closing and bought every bottle she could find. Want me to open another?"

Two more bottles of wine and they were sprawled on the carpet doing exactly what they'd done before, talking about Melissa. Only now the stories were covering topics that would never be mentioned in front of her parents. After the third bottle was gone, Bob asked if they needed another. 

Katy answered, "It's very sweet of you to keep letting us hang out here and drink, but I know you don't even want me in you house."

Bob leaned over and hugged her, the wine making him speak from the heart, "You are always welcome in Melissa's house. And if I ever move, you're welcome there too." When he finished, he kissed the top of her head and stood up. "You're both too drunk to drive anyway, so I'm getting more wine."

He came back with two bottles and a corkscrew. "Might as well be prepared."

As he filled the glasses, Katy spoke up, "I have to admit it. You're a really sweet guy, and were very good to Missy, but what did she ever see in you?"

"KATY!" Donna was aghast, but drunk too, so she giggled while she was shocked.

"I mean, I know she loved you, but how did you get together in the first place? She was so hot and you were so plain."

"That's so rude!" Donna still couldn't believe her girlfriend.

"She's right. I was." Eyeing Donna he added, "I bet you don't even remember when we met."

"Sure I do. It was after you and Melissa started dating, a couple of months before Katy and I finally came out and admitted we were more than roommates."

"Nope. I sat across the table from you in Durston's chemistry class the fall before that."

"That was you? I cheated off of you on the final."

"Yes, and every other test too. In trade you always gave me a great view down your shirt."

Donna blushed, "And on test days I didn't wear a bra, hoping you wouldn't notice me cheating."

"I remember."

"So you've gotten a look at my girlfriend's tits?" Katy pretended to be offended.

"Yup, several. But the point was, Donna, I was so average you don't even remember flashing the girls at me."

"So still, how did it happen?" Katy demanded.

"You remember Stu, my roommate?"

"Yeah, kinda." Katy demurred.

"Kinda? You fucked him often enough; you should remember him." Donna interrupted.

"Well, that was Stu, always in someone's pants. Anyway, he dragged me to some party and hooked up with Melissa's roommate Tiffany."

"She was such a whore." Katy laughed.

"You were too," Donna added.

"Well, Tiffany and Melissa were at the party together, and Tiffany was trying to keep Stu to herself, knowing he'd be happy to nail both of them, so she conned Melissa into keeping me busy while she flirted with Stu. After the party, we all headed back to their apartment. Before long, Stu and Tiffany were in the bedroom knocking boots and we were getting drunk. Between the beer and the happy couple in the next room, the conversation turned to sex. Melissa asked me if I was a virgin, I said no, then she asked me about the best sex I ever had. I didn't go too into details, but she seemed pretty worked up anyway, so she made me an offer, one night, no strings, no returns. Not being stupid, I took it. The next morning, she told me to come back that night, and I kept coming back."

"So you went from workout partner, to boyfriend over night?"

"No, it was just pretty much workout sex at first. But after a few weeks, it was more than just fucking. Well, it was never 'just fucking' to me. I was crazy about her from the start."

Donna spoke up, "Must have been doing something right."

"I'll say," Katy added, "Melissa was as much of a tramp as any of us. You must have been pretty good to make her want it from just one person."

Bob blushed, "Well to be honest, it wasn't just me. She still liked to drag Tiffany into the mix, and we did a little swapping sometimes with whoever Tiffany or some other girlfriend was dating at the time."

"That little tramp! She let me think she gave up on that stuff. Until you came along we used to trade partners ourselves now and again."

"Yeah, she mentioned that. She was always afraid I'd lose interest in her if I slept with you."

Sensing the awkwardness of the moment, Donna spoke up, "Anyone need more wine?" 

"Sure."

"Yeah."

Suddenly thoughtful, Katy looked out into the backyard and asked, "So do you still use pool?"

"Not much. I keep it up, and always think I'm going to, but I rarely do."

"Jacuzzi still work?"

"Yep." Bob looked out the back window. "See the steam, I turned on the heat this morning, figuring I might need a hot soak and a beer after this ended."

"Anyone up for a hot soak?" Katy asked.

"We didn't bring suits," Donna protested.

"He's already seen your tits, and as much as I fucked his room mate, he's probably seen mine too. And since when did you wear a suit in a hot tub?"

Bob changed the subject. "I still have all of Melissa's clothes, she had a bunch of suits."

Katy sauntered up to him, sipping her wine, "Hmm. Notice the him changing the subject." Turning to her girlfriend, "So you up for it?"

Donna downed her wine, "Sure. Bob, honey, show me to those suits."

As Bob led them to the bedroom, added, "By the way, Katy, I have, and they were the most amazing I had ever seen before Melissa." 

Donna looked down at her own chest and giggled as she, blurted out, "I would be offended if I didn't agree." 

As they started digging through Melissa's dresser, looking for suits, Katy dug out a tiny little white bikini and handed it to Donna. Here you go sweetie. You'll look great in this." 

Donna held up the bottoms, which consisted of little more than a triangle of fabric and some string. "Sure honey, and you can wear this one." She pulled out a pink mesh one that was about the same size. 

Katy looked at Bob, "Did she actually wear these?"

"Not usually for very long. She bought them for our trip to Jamaica." 

Bob grabbed his suit and sent the girls into the master bath to change. "I'll get changed and meet you out there." He hurriedly changed into his suit and went out to the pool, wanting to get into the water before the girls had a chance to see the tent in his suit.

He'd just settled in, taking the spot facing the back door, so he could see them coming, when the girls came out wrapped in towels. As they removed the towels, Bob shifted hoping they wouldn't see his erection. Katy looked like a shorter, bustier version of his Melissa. Both blond haired and blue eyed. Where Melissa had been 5'9", Katy was 5'4". Melissa had taken after her dad's side of the family, tall and lean. On her frame, her C cup breasts had been just the right size. Katy took after her mom's side of the family, short and petite. Only her hips and bust could be called big, and where Melissa had a hard, flat stomach, Katy had just a hint of tummy. Her C cups seemed too large for her frame. The end result was a pink mesh suit left nothing to the imagination. Her nipples were beginning to poke through the mesh, and Bob was sure he could see her lips through the mesh. 

Donna was beautiful dark-haired woman, a couple of inches taller than her girlfriend, and roughly the same build, except she wore a D cup, making her bulge out of the top that she wore. The tiny white suit didn't match up with her tan lines, which showed that while she didn't mind exposing skin, she normally didn't expose quite so much. The bulging flesh combined with the exposed tan lines created one of the sexiest images Bob could remember seeing. The thin fabric looked like it was about to burst at any moment. 

While Donna crawled immediately into the water, Katy took the opportunity to pose and twirl, showing off her body. "Tada!" As she turned, she took the opportunity to 'accidentally' drop her towel. She straightened her legs and bent over to pick it up giving them both a fantastic view of the thin string that ran from the 'waistband' of the suit, between her lovely cheeks, and only partially covering her lips. 

While Bob was silent, Donna cheered and whistled. "If only I had a dollar. How about a lap dance."

Katy grinned as she climbed into the Jacuzzi. "Maybe later darlin'. Don't know how much more our host could handle."

"You are such a whore." Donna shook her head.

"Yes, but you love me." She leaned over to kiss her girlfriend. 

"Yes I do." She leaned into Katy's lips and pulled away as Katy groped her breast. "Later baby." 

"Do you want me to go in the house, or do you want to use the guest room?" Bob teased.

"Not right now. But I do plan on messing up the sheets in that room later, if you don't mind." 

"Feel free."

"Crap!" Donna sat upright. "We forgot the wine."

"I'll go get it," Bob started to get up.

"Sit down Captain Clueless," Katy interrupted. 

Dripping with sarcasm, Donna said, "That's okay I'll get it." She slowly stood up, revealing a now transparent suit that showed two beautiful, large nipples and a dark landing strip. She slowly turned and climbed out of the water, giving Bob an intimate view of her body.

"Who's a whore now?" Katy called.

"I can't be a whore, I never charge for it." Donna feigned innocence as she wrapped a towel around herself and went in the house.

"God she's beautiful. I am so damn lucky." Katy watched her go, and then laid her head on the edge. 

"Have you looked in a mirror?"

"Whatever. You don't think I'm pretty."

"You're right, not pretty. Gorgeous, beautiful, stunning, but not pretty."

Katy looked hard at him. He met her eyes and said, "But then again, I'm biased. You look like Melissa."

"How come you are always so wonderful to me when I'm such an asshole to you."

"I've always had a soft spot for you. Also, Melissa always wanted us to get along, so what else could I do."

Donna arrived then bringing a bottle, and plastic cups. "Here you go." As she took off her towel and climbed back in Bob didn't even pretend not to stare at her now naked breasts. She settled in; her now rigid nipples right above the water level. 

Katy looked as her, "Lose something."

"Sorry, it was too tight, and it didn't hide anything anyway. Besides you've both seen my tits."

"Good point," Katy agreed, sitting up and removing her own top.

"Well, not that I'm complaining, Donna, but I'd really only gotten lots of cleavage and hints of nipple. But thanks anyway, both of you." He lifted his glass to them. 

They continued drinking and let the conversation take itself where it would. They talked frankly of sex: the good, bad and ugly. Bob learned more about his sister-in-law and her partner than he ever thought he would. When they ran out of wine again, Katy volunteered to get out and get it, giving them both a great view of her body again. Pouring their wine, she made sure her breasts rubbed into Donna's face, giving Donna a chance to capture a nipple in her mouth momentarily. Bob nearly came in his pants at that. Leaning over to pour Bob's wine, she didn't lean quite as close, but dangled her breasts within inches of his face. 

As she sat back down, Katy looked over at him, "I've been thinking, I only remember fucking Stu in the dorm once while you were there. I was pretty sure you slept through it, and I didn't even take my sweater off. Though I imagine Stu lifted it up to get to the girls."

"What?" 

"I'm trying to figure out when you saw my tits." 

"Oh, that. It wasn't with Stu. Do you remember that big party out at the lake? We all brought tents and stuff and spent the weekend? It was about two weeks before I hooked up with Melissa."

"I must have missed it." Donna looked confused.

"You were too busy orbiting 'Planet Billy' that weekend." Katy answered. 

"Mmhh, Billy," Donna said dreamily.

"Me and Susie shared a tent, and a guy that weekend."

"What ever happened to her?" Donna asked.

"No clue. She left school that summer and disappeared. Quit answering emails and everything." Turning to Bob, "Did I take my top off or something? Or did someone take it off for me?"

"Well you did, but I missed it, apparently. While the party was going on that night, Susie grabbed me and dragged me off to your tent." He looked at her wondering if she'd start to remember.

"That sounds like her. I knew of at least two guys she fucked that weekend." Katy was still not catching on.

"You interrupted her and a guy in the middle of a sixty-nine?" Katy was wide-eyed and suddenly quiet. "And you just crawled in and joined in with them?"

"Oh my God! That was you?" 

"What happened?" Donna asked.

"Oh my God." Katy slammed her wine.

"What happened?" Donna looked over at Bob, and tried to glare at him. "Djo make luv ta my woman."

While Katy hid her now red face, Bob looked over at Donna, "I wouldn't call it making love. It was more like rutting." 

"Susie always said that she was too drunk to remember that guy's name."

"She was pretty pissed at me in the morning. Apparently I wasn't supposed to fuck you after she told me too."

"Damn." Katy looked at him entirely differently. "NOW it all makes sense. Man that was incredible. Did Melissa know about it?" 

"What makes sense?" Donna seemed lost.

"I was cold, and went back to get a shirt to cover up with, and walked in on Susie and this guy sixty-nining. I was supposed to hook up with Stu, but he was off knocking boots with some chick, so I said 'Fuck the party!" and joined in. It was dark in the tent, so I wasn't sure who it was we were fucking. I had a suspicion, but I was so drunk I didn't really care. Between this guy and Susie, I lost count how many times I came." 

Donna was incredulous. "You fucked him all night and didn't know it?"

"It was dark. I knew someone had been fucking the shit of Susie, but I didn't know who it was." 

Something occurred to Donna. "So since it was dark you didn't really see her tits, did you?"

"Not at first, but I woke up with them in my face in the morning."

"Wow." She turned to her now blushing girlfriend. "You never told me about this."

"It's even worse." Bob said, and through Katy's groan, he continued. "Like I said, I woke up to the most fantastic breasts I'd ever seen. So like any horny twenty-year-old guy, I reached between her legs with one hand and started tonguing her nipples. I was groping her crotch and sucking her nipples, and when she started groaning, I worked my way down between her legs and went to work." 

Katy interrupted, "When I tried to sit up to see what was going on, Susie straddled my head and I couldn't see. So all I saw was the top of his head, and then suddenly I got a face full of pussy. He ate me till I came, and then rolled me over and fucked me while I ate her and suddenly I was cumming again. Pretty soon, he came in me and we all collapsed together and when I woke up they were both gone. I've jacked off so many times over that night: I was almost not sure it really happened."

"Damn." Looking at Bob, Donna asked, "You ever tell Melissa?"

"Remember that "Best Sex Ever" question? I didn't mention any names, but apparently she'd already heard the story from someone else, and put two and two together. I didn't find out about you two being sisters until about a week after that. Looking at Katy, he added, "That would be why she never offered to share. She was afraid I would lose interest in her if I slept with you again."

"That's nuts. She was so beautiful." 

"Everyone has insecurities."

"How could she be worried about me? The few guys we shared always showed more interest in her."

"I did tell her you were my best sex ever." 

"That must have been some good sex." Donna was still not believing the story she was hearing.

"Still, what could I possibly have she didn't?"

"When you came in, and Susie sat up, you went down on me, and I thought I was in love."

"Must have been one hell of a blow job." Donna sounded impressed.
