 In the morning I rolled over and nuzzled myself against Sean. Memories of last night came back to me in a rush. I smiled to myself, incredibly satisfied with all that had taken place.

And just like that, I was ready for another go at it. I rubbed Sean's back and hips gently, letting my hands stray to caress his package gently. I ran my fingers over the tip of his cock. He stirred and rolled over. I kissed his neck and nipped it gently. He started and I pulled away to see him smiling. He fondled my right nipple with his hand while his mouth went to my other breast. His warm tongue on my nipple was the best feeling to experience first thing in the morning. I slowly stroked his cock, which hardened quickly, until he was enthusiastically sucking each of my tits quickly in turn. He pulled back and sat up urgently, then pulled me so I was sitting up also.

"I want to take you from behind," he whispered into my ear dirtily. I turned around on all fours without hesitation. He rubbed his cock in between my legs, making me moan as he rubbed the head on my clit. He gripped my ass and whispered again in my ear, this time saying, "I'm going to fuck you for my pleasure, but I'm going to make you cum first."

I breathed heavily and told him, "I'm going to cum for you hard!"

"Good," he said, and he put just the tip in me while continuing to stroke my clit. I moaned with desire. I wanted him deep inside me. I knew he'd be able to hit my G-spot from behind with that big dick. He put a little more inside me slowly and pulled it out just as slowly. He did this again. I moaned, needing him so badly. All this time he kept bringing me closer and closer with his fingers on my clit.

Finally he slid his whole length into me, as deep as he could go. I screamed in surprise. He pulled out and thrust just the first inch in over and over.

"Oh God Sean, I need your cock!"

I rocked my hips back and forth as he teased me with that mere inch. Finally he gave in and put all of his hardness into me as deep as it could go. I gasped in surprise and delight as the head of his cock hit my G-spot. "Oh God, right there!" I exclaimed.

"Oh yeah, cum real hard around my cock," Sean sighed as he slid into and out of me slowly. "Cum for me, then I'll fuck you the hardest you've ever been fucked!

He used the juices from my cunt to coat my clit so he could smoothly slide his fingers down it, driving me towards the edge. He was doing me slowly enough so I could feel every bit of my hot juices on his rock-hard cock. My pussy clenched around his cock as I came with a scream.

"Oh good!" he moaned deeply as he began thrusting his length into me hard and fast. I wasn't ready to orgasm again, but it still felt so fucking good as he used my tight wet pussy to reach his climax. He breathed hard as his cum shot into me deeply.

We lay there for a while afterward, recovering in each other's arms before Sean went out to his car to get his overnight bag. (Of course he brought things for staying a night!) We then took a much-needed shower and got dressed. I figured I wouldn't need a bra today, so I didn't bother to put one on.

When we walked downstairs for breakfast, I saw Kate sitting on a barstool by the island and she looked absolutely gorgeous. Her wavy strawberry blonde hair was up in a messy bun and she wore short white cotton shorts and a blue camisole. Her outfit was simple, but it showed off her curves well. The perkiness of her nipples made it clear that she was not wearing a bra. As usual, her face was bright and sunny. She smiled at us as we walked into the kitchen, and I wrapped my arms around her and kissed her on the cheek.

"Why, hello," she said to both of us. Sean leaned on the other side of the counter, looking at us both with interest. This morning he had decided to put on a pair of jeans but no shirt, much to our enjoyment.

"She hasn't had the pleasure of our company yet this morning." He stretched, showing off his lightly built abs.

"No, I haven't," Kate said. She leaned over the table, showing off her cleavage. "I would very much like that."

Sean leaned in closer and kissed her. They made out slowly while I watched, enjoying this scene of two beautiful people doing such a sensuous thing. I admired Kate's round ass and put my hand up the back of her shorts leg to stroke it gently. I gasped quietly, as she was not wearing any panties. She gently broke away from Sean to take my other hand and kiss my fingers, stroking the tips with her tongue. My clit pulsed. I could tell that she was thinking about putting her soft lips on mine between my legs. She looked up at me with a desiring look and then looked back at Sean.

"You know," she said, and winked at him, "I haven't done anything to pleasure Sasha yet."

"I'm not stopping you!" Sean grinned.

Kate stood up and held me close to her, kissing me as she had kissed Sean before leading me to the couch. We sat on it and made out for a while. I put my hand on her breast and pinched her nipple gently. She kissed me more fervently and I stroked her pussy through her shorts. She climbed onto my lap and I grabbed her ass while I ran my tongue over her lips. She put her tongue in my mouth and moaned as she grinded on my leg. I pulled down her shorts and she pulled her shirt off over her head, then took her hair down so her waves cascades over her naked shoulders.

"I am supposed to be pleasure you!" she said, and pulled down my pants and panties. She removed my shirt and worked on my tits with her tongue. She flicked my hardening nipples with force, then sucked my tit gently before sucking just the nipple. She drove me even wilder when she began stroking her clit and moaning without taking her tongue off my breasts.

She got on her knees and I got even wetter; a warm tongue on my pussy always made me cum so fast, so I prepared to at least try to control myself and make it last so I could fully enjoy it.

Kate spread my legs and admired my pussy. "You are so wet!" she said, sticking a finger inside of me. She licked my juices off her finger. "And you taste good!" She kissed and licked my cunt, not yet going for my sensitive and eager clit. She slowly licked up and looked at me sexily a few times before burying her face between my legs. She made out with my pussy before finally caressed my clit with her tongue.

"Ooooooo, Kate!" I tangled my fingers in her hair. She sucked my clit and I felt my orgasm building up intensely. I closed my eyes, trying to control it.

"Oh!" Kate sounded surprised, so I looked. Sean was laying on the floor and had pulled her down to his face so he could suck her pussy. She went back to sucking mine, but was clearly distracted. She rocked back and forth over his face, and I heard his tongue working over her wetness.

"Fuck, I gotta come soon," she said, and he stopped. He came up to kiss me so I could taste her while Kate went back to sucking my clit hard. I could only kiss Sean for so long.

"Oh God Kate, oh God..." Just when I was about to come, she pulled back and licked my pussy lips gently, knowing that I needed her working on my clit to get me to come.

Sean brought his cock up to me so I could suck it. I bounced his balls gently in my hands while Kate slowly licked me. Sean began to moan louder and louder, until he pulled out of my mouth. He got behind Kate and entered her. He fucked her steadily, not too fast but not as slow as he'd fucked me.

With a moan, Kate began licking my clit again, but this time she fingered me. I wasn't as close as I was earlier, she'd certainly seen to that. She was building me up again.

Sean began to fuck her faster and faster, and Kate rocked her hips more and more, and she was moaning over and over. 

"Fuck, Sean, oh fuck, I'm coming!" She backed hard onto his cock and came. Sean then thrust into her fast and hard. Kate went back to licking my clit rapidly. I was so close. Sean fucked her faster and fasted until he pulled out and shot all over her back. At the sight of such a big load of cum, I came and gently held Kate down on my pussy until I was done.

Sean got paper towels to clean off Kate's back while her and I kissed. "You taste really good," she told me, and said to Sean, "And you shoot damn big loads!"

"She's right, you do!" I winked at him.

"What can I say? Seeing two chicks together and getting a piece of the action gets me really fucking excited! I mean, once I get going it's hard to stop."

The three of us finally had a very late breakfast and ate plenty of food to make up for the energy we had spent fucking yet again. As it turns out, threesomes can take quite a lot out of you.