 A very dear friend of mine from back in high school was going to get married again. Craig, my friend, married right out of high school at the age of 18. He and his wife had two kids together, house in the suburbs, two cars and looked to be perfectly happy. One day, after 30 years of marriage, he came home from work to a note that his wife had left him. Craig was devastated but hoped for her return for about a year and then filed for divorce based on abandonment.

He stayed unattached for a number of years, I think about 9, when he met a woman and once again fell in love and decided to get married. That is where I come in because he asked me to be his best man and as such it was my job to arrange for a bachelor party. Since Craig married at age 18 he never had a proper bachelor party. No strip bars, nasty girls dancing, severe drinking and I felt that he deserved one. Now since the wedding was going to be real small it made things easier but the friends he was inviting were like me, much older, in the mid 50 to early 60 year range. There were plenty of places in town that had a back room where we could get some hooker to lay on the pool table with a cue stick up her twat. Not really what I had in mind for my dear friend although I am sure he wouldn't mind. I was thinking of something sexy but much more reserved. 

When I asked Craig as to how many guys he would like me to invite he rattled off 7 names including me. An idea started to form that perhaps a large suite in a hotel, plenty of liquor, some porn for the TV and a female hostess/ bartender just for some eye candy. 

At the time that I was planning the party I had actually been e-mailing back and forth with a hot wife friend named Lily from Arizona. We had met face to face one time less than a year ago at my Uncle's retirement party but that is another story. Lily is a free spirit and her husband let's her do as she sees fit but not without her consulting him. As I was describing the basics in my e-mails, Lily spoke up quickly and replied that having several guys fuck her in one night was a fantasy of hers. So while I was still not sure on the details, she volunteered to be the hostess/ bartender only if I was willing to pay her round trip airfare from Arizona to Philly and all of her living expenses. I didn't have to think twice and immediately took her up on her offer. It would be up to her as to how far she wanted to take the hostess duties.

Craig was to get married in July and it was now the end of May so I had some time to make plans but I just hated the idea of a sleazy bar or hotel room scenario. Then one night watching television it hit me and all came together. I wrote to Lily and gave her the date of the bachelor party. I could almost hear the disappointment in her response as I read her reply. She is deeply involved in a charity to help abused women and this charity was having a fund raiser the same weekend and she volunteered to help. I wrote back to her asking that if she could raise $1400.00 by herself on that weekend would she come out for the party. The next day I had her answer: Yes. But how?

I wrote back: You let me worry about that just tell your hubby and pack your bag. LOL Over the next several weeks Lily pressed me for details of the party but I kept telling her that I had a lot of surprises for everyone and if nothing else it would be a unique bachelor party. I bought her airline tickets and had her pick them up at her end. Her arrival was scheduled for 2 pm on a Friday and the party was scheduled for 8 pm on Saturday. She kept asking why she had to arrive a full day before the party and I told her to just wait and until she got here and I would explain everything to her. 

At 2 pm on the dot I am in the airport cell phone lot waiting for her call to pick her up. The phone rang and I drove over to the terminal where she was waiting on the sidewalk. I jumped out of the car and threw her bag in back but not before I give her a big bear hug and a kiss. Off I drove to a Radisson Hotel just outside of Philadelphia where we checked in and went to our suite. What I never told Lily is that this hotel has seventeen "Fantasy Suites" and I had booked us into "Cleopatra's Tent Suite." This place is crazy with tan, gold and leopard skin prints, sheer tents around the bed, mirrors frosted with Egyptian scenes and bamboo walls filled with painted designs from Pharaoh to help create a thousand fantasies and I was trying to fill her's.

She starts asking a million questions and my reply is, "I will explain everything at dinner. Would you like to take a nap? Take a shower? Whatever, before we go?"

"No, you've got me too wound up now," she laughs, "where are you taking me to eat?"

"How about to that Italian Restaurant you told me about in the city? It is close to Penn's Landing and we can walk off dinner? I guess I will have to explain Penn's Landing too?" I joked.

It was a beautiful summer's night as we got into my car and headed down the expressway to center city. I wasn't sure how much east coast history Lily knew since she was originally from the Midwest. I proceeded to explain that Penn's Landing is where William Penn, a Quaker first landed in America in 1683. I went on to tell her that the restaurant we were going to was built in the early 1700's by a wealthy shipping merchant.

"But I want to hear about the room and the party," she interrupted. 

I told her to slow down, I'll get there. We entered the restaurant and we started off with a bottle of wine. The bar looked to be an intricately sculpted dark green marble. The soft light and candle lights added warmth to the 18th century brick. Dinner was ordered and while we waited I started in on the party's details. I walked her step by step through what I envisioned and why I had her come out a day early. I could see she was taking it all in and I kept waiting for her to object to something but she said nothing. I ordered a dessert to go for Lily and we walked over to Penn's Landing where Camden's city lights were in full view and behind us was the statue of William Penn looking down on us. There was a concert going on as was customary in the summer time but it wasn't music that I cared for and I was pretty sure Lilly said country western was her style.

"So do you have any questions or reservations about tomorrow? I can call the whole thing off if you want." I told her.

"No, no don't do that. It actually sounds like it will be quite an experience and a lot of fun. So where are you sleeping tonight?" she asked.

"With you," I smiled, "if that is OK? Last time I caught hell from you for setting up a separate room for me."

"That's good but where is wifey?" she smiled back.

"I sent her to her sister's." 

When we returned to the suite, Lily disappeared into the bathroom. After several minutes she returned in a black see thru negligee and black thigh highs and heels. 

"Please take off the heels for me?" I requested.

"Why?" she asks.

"Because I am always afraid that a woman in heels will stab me with them if I under perform." I said laughingly.

She took off the heels and said, "now what?"

"Where are your butt plugs?" is my question.

She giggled and ran to her suitcase and returned with a case in hand. I asked her to pick one and then lie on the bed face down. Pulling up the sheer black garment, that hid nothing, above her ass cheeks I started to massage the globes of her ass. Slowly I spread her firm round cheeks to expose her anus. I took the butt plug she selected from the case and inserted it carefully. 

Lily moaned and I whisper in her ear, "That is just the beginning." 

I asked her to stand so I could play with her tits and she complied. Tapping between her thighs she understands and spreads her legs. While I stare at her shaved pussy intently, I remove all my clothes and kneel in front of her on the floor. Using my index and middle fingers I slide into her tunnel. I let them explore searching for her g-spot. With my other hand I place it firmly on her ass for balance. It doesn't take long to find that thicker, more rigid and coarse piece of flesh in her canal. I start to rub, Lily clenches the cheeks of her ass and rises up on the balls of her feet and then settles back down.

" Lily, I don't care if this takes all night, I am going to make you squirt and right into my mouth like you would take a load of my cum." I told her, "you massage your tits and I will do the rest," as I clamped my mouth over her clitoris and started to play using my tongue.

I was going after both of her love buds for several minutes but I could see she was getting tired of standing. I steered her toward the bed and had her lie down on the leopard skin blankets. I could feel her building to a climax but she was very quiet. Finally she grabbed my head and pulled me tight into her crotch. Taking that as a signal she was close, I opened my mouth as wide as I could. The warmth of her scented fluid flowed into my mouth like a water fountain. I had to swallow a small amount to make room for the rest of her stream. Holding her cum in my mouth I wanted to show her the present she had given me. She propped herself on her elbows and I opened my mouth showing her how the ejaculate was covering my tongue. She pulled my head toward hers, began to kiss me yet pressed her tongue to my lips. I knew she wanted a taste of her love juice so I allowed a small amount to enter her mouth but I was selfish and swallowed the rest. Lily flopped back on the bed and spread her legs for me. Her labia were pink and her clit was engorged as I pressed my cock into her vagina. It did not take long before I delivered a full load of sperm deep into her tunnel. When I withdrew from her a little creampie formed between her lips. I would have loved to recover and go for round two but I knew we had a busy day tomorrow. I pulled a sheet over us and replaced my shaft in her pussy as we drifted off to sleep.

Lily wanted a morning quickie but we had a lot of ground to cover and I knew she would be getting plenty of cock this evening. I did ask her to wear a dress with no panties so I could eat her during the day and get her well aroused for the evening. Back down to center city we went. First, we were off to Reading Terminal Market for breakfast. I was able to slip under her dress in the parking garage for about 15 minutes to warm her up. Next, it was off to a dress maker across the street to have Lily measured for a special outfit that we would pick up later that day. Then I dropped her off at the hairdresser because doing her hair was going to take hours. I had a few other errands to run so off I went. On my return I was amazed at what the hair stylist had done and I had purchased a lightweight hood scarf to keep every hair in place. Returning to the car I pushed her back against it and raised her dress so I could once again eat her in the garage. When I touched my tongue to her slit she was already soaked.

It was a little after noon so I took Lily to Geno's for a late lunch cheesesteak with whiz. Back to the costume maker, Lily waited in the car while I went inside and then we headed back to the suite. 

There was a small dressing room off to the side of the main suite. About two hours before 8, I asked her to get dressed and offered to help her. She removed her street clothes until she was completely naked. I started with the jewelry that I picked up earlier. First, I placed the gold necklace with 2 inch overlapping tiles around her neck. Looking much like a morning sunburst it reflected light onto her face. I couldn't help but jump ahead to the gold waist chain and to run the extension chain. The extension clipped to the waist chain from above her pussy through her legs, following the crack of her ass and clipped to the waist chain in the back. Checking her out from front to back, the extension slipped in and out of her folds. I had to stop and taste her and make sure she was at the height of arousal. She put a gold serpent bracelet, coiled 3 times, around her left arm bicep. Lily raised her right foot on top of a chair to attach a gold ankle bracelet hand crafted that dangled with charms while I applied the other to her left foot. She bent over for the placement of the last piece of jewelry. Carefully I inserted a ruby encrusted butt plug into anus. 

With all the jewelry in place, I handed her a pair parchment colored panties that had draped piping right at her crotch. She pulled them up snuggly against her pussy. The draped piping on the front drew one's eye to her mound. I helped her on with the 36C custom made strapless bra of the same color. As she turned for me the bra too was done with draped piping that accentuated her breast size. The designer left an open spot between the piping that allowed Lily's rock hard nipples poke through the material. Then I placed 5 layers of a see through veiling, with a very open neckline so as not to obscure that beautiful necklace, over her body. The veils closed over her body with almost invisible velcro fasteners. Ending about 3 inches from the floor the layered look was enticing. Five layers made the material opaque and totally hid all of her feminine charms. 

Leading her by the hand I took her back into the bedroom where the myriad of mirrors would allow her to see herself from all angles. She truly looked like the Queen of the Nile from the movie Cleopatra. Gone was her beautiful auburn hair, now black as a raven's wing. Bangs across her eyes and braids all around, decorated at the ends with golden ornaments that hung just above her shoulders. I walked her back into the dressing room and brought in the make up artist for the finishing touches. Long black lashes were accentuated with a black eye liner above and below her eyes and drawn to a point about one inch past the outer creases of her eyes giving them an almond appearance. The eye shadow on her lids was a perfect match to her beautiful brown eyes and followed the liner to the black points. As the brown eye shadow rose up the eye lid but before her eyebrows a touch of gold was used as a highlight them even more. More black was applied in place of her eyebrows that feathered out and softened into a shadow. Her lips were painted with a pale flesh color only slightly darker than her skin tone. Lily's eyes were absolutely magnificent. When the artist showed her the final product Lily didn't say much. When she looked in the mirror I really think she wasn't sure that was her. The make up artist left and all that had to be done was wait.

There was a knock at the door of the suite and I asked her to remain in the dressing room until I came to bring her out. One by one they entered until all 6 were there. There was Larry and Eddy who brought Craig the groom with them. Next, came JD, a black co-worker and close friend of Craig's with Eric. Last but not least was Dave another old friend from high school.

They all grabbed a place to sit and I could tell by the puzzled looks on their faces they couldn't tell why we were having a party in this themed suite. I told them all to relax and that I would explain in a minute. I fixed them all a drink and then started to tell them all why I picked this place.

"Guys," I started, "we are all here tonight to celebrate Craig's final days as a bachelor and seeing that he never had a proper send off for his first marriage I wanted to do it right for him this time. So a toast to Dave!! Here, here. Now I could have planned this at some strip bar and I guess it would have been okay but it would not have been special and I wanted this to be very special. To explain further, I have a very special pen pal friend in Arizona that I asked to come tonight. When I gave her the date she said that she could not make it because she was working on a fund raiser. Her chosen charity is an abused woman's shelter and I promised her we would help her raise $1400.00 if she would break her date and come, so I hope you all brought your check books with you like I asked. My friend's name is Lily and she is here tonight and she has always had a sexual fantasy about being tag teamed by several guys. In order to full fill her fantasy I have rented this suite for tonight and made Lily the Queen of the Nile. She is our hostess for the evening and our queen and as such you will wait on her and follow her commands for anything she asks for the whole evening. With that I am going to introduce you to Lily."

I went to the dressing room and led her by the hand back into the suite. When she saw the guys I could feel her hand start to tremble. Their mouths dropped to the floor as she made her entrance. They were speechless. Craig's eyes were just glued to her form. Lily quickly slipped into her role asking for some wine and seeing 5 men jump over each other to get her a glass. The introductions went quickly and I could see Lily trying to remember their names as we went around the room. 

I then led her to the center of the room and left her standing there as I addressed the guys again, "Get your check books out because Lily has on exactly 7 pieces of clothing and it will cost each of you $200.00, made out to her charity, to remove one of the pieces but Craig gets the ultimate prize of removing her panties."

I started off by writing my check and removing the first veil from her body. There was no transparency to her outfit. Eddy was next up and handed me his check. The second veil was removed. Larry went next and with the third veil removed and evidence of her bra and panties were visible. JD removed a veil and Lily's attributes came into view. Dave was next removing the final veil leaving her there in only bra and panties. Eric, the lucky bastard, got behind her and unhooked the bra. In true queenly fashion Lily held it tight to her chest for a while before releasing it to expose her beautiful tits and rock hard nipples. Instead of loud raucous cheers the men all clapped taking in and appreciating the view of her lovely breasts. Craig was last and it was his pleasant duty to remove her panties. He knelt in front of her and slipped his fingers into the elastic on her hips. Quickly he stuck his tongue into her naval and as he slid the panties down his tongue went down her stomach following the gold chain until he reached the top of her slit. He stuck it in her folds searching for her clit. I could see her quiver a bit as he pressed his tongue to her sensitive spot. Once more there was a round of applause. 

Craig stood up and the guys circled her to fondle her body. Feeling hands on her breasts, ass and vagina she let them play for a few minutes and I spotted some wetness on her thigh. Some of the men started undressing never getting too far away from the hostess. Wearing nothing but her jewelry, she pushed them aside and made her way to an ornate chaise lounge where she stretched out and spread her legs for all to see. 

She pointed to Craig and said that she wanted to taste him. He quickly disrobed and brought his manhood to within inches of her mouth. I was curious as to how Lily was going to do this knowing full well that a load of premature sperm delivered to her face would ruin her make up and the illususion she had worked so hard to create. She took him into her mouth and you could see his shaft stiffen but as soon as he did she removed him. Pointing to Eddy she "summoned" him to come to her where she repeated the same action. Next she curled her finger for Dave to come forward. Dave was pretty hard even before she took him into her mouth. She went up and down on him 3 times and I could see her clench his rod as tight as she could and pull off of him. Once his cock was clear of her face and pointed in another direction she released her grip. A short burst of his white cream leaped from the head of his penis. If there was more, he was holding it back. 

I was summoned next and I complied. Once she took me in her mouth she began to play around the head with her tongue and then bit gently. I could make out a smile in her eyes as she was doing it. After she released me she reached for one of her veils and drew it over her body. Knowing her the way I do, the veil did nothing for her modesty but merely made her feel and look sexier. Next was JD her Nubian. To say the least his cock was rather large and although not erect she would definitely have problems fitting the width into her mouth. Lily stretched her lips around his girth but as he grew in his erection he quickly filled her mouth with plenty left to spare. He almost popped out of her mouth as she tried to release him.
