 NB: This is my first submission. This story will have several parts so bear with me. Please leave comments, feedback is always appreciated. 

*

The music was deafening. I hadn't been to a nightclub in at least a year. I was in my second semester at GW law in D.C. It was a very fulfilling, yet incredibly busy life. My boyfriend currently groping my ass through my less than appropriate tight dress was equally busy, as the junior partner of Johnson, Wright, and Weiss, a renowned consultancy firm headquartered in Atlanta. We were both in Miami to celebrate my 23rd birthday and we just wanted to get wild and forget the responsibility of our day-to-day lives. 

We started the night at King of Diamonds in the company of my best friend Wes and his girlfriend Anna. Two of my cousins, Joana and Nat accompanied by some of their friends from work completed the group. After wasting hundreds form our savings, we joined a few of our friends, downtown at a rooftop nightclub. 

The night seemed to be off to a good start. We climbed in the elevator, already floating on a fog, courtesy of all of the marijuana we smoked at the strip joint and the drinks that just kept flowing. As we started making our way through the crowd, Nat pulled Joanna and me and told the guys that we were going to the bathroom. Two of the other girls from the group followed us. We got to the bathroom Nat hands us a couple of pills. Hesitantly I asked about them. 

"It's ecstasy. Stop being a square. It's your birthday weekend."

All of them swallowed two pills and started heckling me. I looked at my reflection and just smiled. It was my birthday weekend. My tight black dress accentuated my chest and the flare of my hips and my heels made my legs look even longer. My 80's black sitcom aesthetics with the long braids and the bold dark lipstick and pronounced eyeliner made me look mysteriously sexy. I owned the night. So I swallowed the little pills and joined in as the girls screamed with me.

"It's My Birthday!" 

It was my birthday and after my last exams, I deserved an adventure.

We headed out of the bathroom as the guys had just brought some drinks to our reserved table. We each took our shots and started dancing. 

I suddenly had the weird feeling that someone was looking at me. I turned around and saw a tall beautiful girl, dark complexion, and wild curly hair. She was wearing a short bell skirt with see-through fishnet tights and a short crop top that her chest filled to overflowing. I was a second away from offering my hands as extra support. My eyes joined hers and I smiled. She smiled back but abruptly averted her eyes. 

I looked back to my boyfriend Andre and I wanted to jump his bones right in the middle of the club. I approached him and slid my hands over his hardened body and wrapped my arms around his neck, bending his tall frame to kiss him. He had no idea I was on something other than the pot but he definitely picked up on my mood. He slid his hands all over my body, squeezing my ass, which was bare under my tight dress. He unceremoniously pushed me in a corner and lifted my leg around his hip, giving him more room to push his hard-on against me. He slid his hands from my ass up to my chest, where he squeezed while staring deeply in my eyes. He slid even higher and closed his agile fingers around my throat, choking me like he knew I loved it, waking up the beast in me. He sunk his teeth in my lower lip and slid his free hand in my hair, securing his grip, as he assaulted my mouth. I was a goner, totally at his control and my body started responding to him, from its own accord. I started grinding against him, kissing him back. I started kissing his neck, undoubtedly leaving some angry marks behind and whispered in his ear: 

"Give me two minutes and I'll tell everyone we're out of here. I need you inside me right now." 

He pulled me in for a quick kiss and slapped my ass, sending me off. 

I took off to tell the others that I was leaving. Nat knowingly winked at me, completely inebriated. Joanna was keeping an eye on her while flirting with a white, "dark and mysterious," guy who's been ogling her since she stepped in the club. Wes was too occupied with his girlfriend in a dark corner to even notice me. 

As I head back to where I left Andre, I see the girl that I located earlier leaning over him, whispering in his ear. The way she bent allowed me to see that what I originally thought were tights, were actually thigh-high stockings and I could recognize the hint of a garter belt. The surge of lust I felt almost overwhelmed me. I just had to have her. 

Andre saw me staring and winked at me. He knew my type. We had started inviting people to our bed recently. We enjoyed meeting people that way. I think sharing so much has added to our mutual attraction and fortified our bond. He nudged her a bit and she turned to look at me. God, she was beautiful. A tiny hoop pierced her nose and when she smiled at me, I swear I could pinch the electricity between us. I advanced towards them and leaned closer to her: 

"Can I have this dance?"

She picked up on my flirtatious tone and leaned even closer. 

The notes of Rihanna's "Rude Boy" started coming from the overly loud speakers. I grabbed her hand and pulled her closer to me. I slid one leg between hers and my hands on her hips, pulling her tighter, feeling her languid movements, her scent intoxicating me further. Her hips were gyrating erotically, and I was following her. We must have been the spectacle of the night. She pulled me in for a kiss. And what a kiss it was. The music suddenly dulled out and I became completely enthralled by her movements and her soft weight in my arms. We did not know each other but we moved against each other, repeating moves as old as time. The room was fading out; no one else mattered. It felt as where her skin ended, mine continued. This was not dancing, it was a slow contract, binding her to me until the first rays of light in the morning, and assuring there would be no losers. I pulled her even closer, my fingers conspicuously playing at the strip of skin where her skirt ended and her thigh highs started. My tongue delved in her mouth and wildly danced against mine. We were lost to the music and our hands were everywhere, feeling each other. 

The song ended and we made our way back to the table. I turned to face Andre and displayed my best puppy dog eyes. 

"Daddy, please, can we keep her?"

He smiled at me and nodded. He could never refuse me. "I'll go get the car"

I turned back to her and drew her closer to whisper in her ear.

"Do you want to leave with my boyfriend and me? I promise you'll be safe. And satisfied"

As I was talking, I slid my fingers up to the juncture of her thighs, the origin of the heat radiating through every square centimeter of her skin. I nudged my curious fingers gently through her folds, looking for that electrifying nub, I was sure would push her close to the edge. I rubbed her, slowly intensifying. I was looking straight into her eyes, silently letting her know that tonight she no longer belonged to herself. She was going to sate me and that was no easy task. Her eyes closed as my fingers sank inside her. I bent my head and captured her lower lip between my teeth, gently sucking on it while roughly finger-fucking her. The music, the alcohol, the drugs, and the crowd made me feel powerful, making me want to watch her climax, right here amidst all of these strangers.

I found her g-spot with my fingers and pressed. Her eyes flew open and stared at me. I repeatedly withdrew and pressed against that little bundle of nerves, driving her crazy with lust while whispering "Say Yes" and kissing her neck and her lips. She suddenly let her head fall back as I pulled her tighter against me, relishing the moisture suddenly sliding down my wrist. I directed both of us to the exit where Clark must have already pulled the car. 

As we headed to the elevator, away from the music, she somewhat regained her composure. She looked at me nervously and giggled. I smiled, my dominant persona unleashed, and asked her: "Are you sure you want to come with us? Because once I start fucking you, I won't be able to stop until I get my fill." 

She smiled and I could have sworn, blushed. I loved seeing the seduction masks fall once they realized who was really in control. 

"Yes Ma'am." She whispered. 

Her respectful answer made m wonder if she were as depraved as I hoped she was. Would she not only enjoy but also beg for all that I had in store for her? I haven't enjoyed a true submissive in a while and tonight was the perfect night for it. 

We step in the elevator and I push her in one corner and pressed myself against her back, sliding my hands up to her chest. I caught her nipples through her small top and squeezed as I playfully bit her earlobe before whispering: 

"Andre and I own you for the rest of the night. Are you willing to do as we ask, like a good little slut?" 

She nervously swallows and panted. 

"Yes Ma'am," she whispered back. "I promise." 

"You will address me as Miss and Andre as Sir. Is that understood?"

She nodded. 

I bit her earlobe harder and menacingly said: 

"Use your words, slut." 

"Yes Miss, I understand." 

"Good girl." 

I grabbed her by the hand and we head outside. I quickly locate Andre in the car, signaling us. I open the back door and get inside. She slid in next to me and sat close. I lifted one of her legs to rest on one of my thighs. I idly work my fingers up and down her leg and the inside of her thighs while we got to know each other better. 

"I've already made you come once but I don't even know your name." I say. 

"My name is Maya." She answered, still blushing nervously. 

I play with her hair, pushing it back to look at her. "Mine is Sianna, but I prefer Sin." 

"It suits you" she responded, smiling. 

"Your safewords are Red to stop, Yellow to slow, and Green to go."

"Yes Miss."

"Are you under the influence of any drugs?"

"Umm. Weed and ecstasy," she answered, looking contrite. 

"It's okay, me too," I answered laughing. I smiled at Andre in the rearview mirror as we pulled in the parking garage. 

Andre got out and opened the door for us. Maya and I wobbled to the elevator where we took our heels off while giggling. Andre had to take the room key away from me to let us in because we were so distracted. Once inside the room, I headed straight to the phone to order us some more champagne. I looked over in time to see Andre order Maya to her knees. 

Her giant eyes came to level to my boyfriend's growing bulge. It was a look we had grown accustomed to. She was almost salivating, the little slut. She moved her hands up, trying to unzip his pants and he slapped her hands away, gripping her hair and says loud enough for me to hear: 

"No hands." 

She looked a bit confused so he used his hands, still tightly gripping her hair, to hold her in place as he rubbed himself all over her face. The humiliating gesture somehow excited her more so she licked him over his pants. She looks up at him and seeing his lust at her impulsive act, she licked him again, this time while keeping his gaze. She caught the zipper between her teeth and attempted to pull it down but his erection was making it difficult. 

I approached him from behind and rubbed my hands all over his hardened chest, playfully biting his back. Maya finally got the zipper all the way down. 

I unbuckled his belt and unbuttoned his pants. I pulled the belt out and looked down to Maya. She nervously licked her lips as I slowly signaled her to stand up. I looped the belt around her neck and through the buckle as a makeshift leash. 

I pushed her back down to her knees, this time, I followed her and we both looked up to Andre. I pushed her face closer to his now fully hard dick. 

"Suck it."

Her eyes wide, she hesitated. 

I smirked and leaned closer. I put my hands behind my back, locked eyes with Andre and slid down, swallowing him to the root. 

"Fuck!" He gasped. "That's a good girl!"

I beamed at Daddy's praise and swallowed around his cock, which earned me a louder pant. I pulled back and pushed Maya down his cock. 

"Gag on it. Yeah that's right." I encouraged her. "Show me how good of a little cocksucker you can be. Swallow that dick." 

My dirty talk seemed to be really affecting her. 

I grabbed the end of the belt still around her neck and used it to pull her to me. Daddy's cock slid from her mouth with a loud pop. I winked at her, knowing a good way to drive him crazy. She subtly picked up on the idea and slid lower to take one of his balls in her mouth as I slid up and swallowed his dick whole one more time. 

I started bobbing my head up and down his pole, turning into a slobbering mess, while Maya was making him wild with her tongue. He was grunting now, unleashed, in full control. He grabbed the back of my head, thrusting forcefully, yet at a slow pace, thoroughly fucking my face while he held Maya's in place, ordering her to keep licking that specific spot, guaranteed to make him shoot. He did so moments later, down my throat. He watched me swallow every bit of him through his eyelashes, slowly panting. We didn't let up right away, licking him clean until he nudged us away, growing too sensitive to our touch.

It was my turn to enjoy our toy for the night. She looked ripe for the taking and I was in a particular cruel mood; pleasure was my weapon of choice.