 Disclaimer: the following is a work of fiction. It may contain scenes of violence, bondage and/or sexual situations which may or may not be consensual, and is intended for adult readers only. All characters portrayed in this story are adults. This work in not for profit and is intended as entertainment only. The author does not support or encourage violence or humiliation towards women or anyone. Characters in this story are fictional and not based on any person living or dead, and are not meant to infringe on any existing characters in other literatures.

*******************

Tom was looking forward to the weekend. It was to be his second date with Myriam, at her place again. Considering how well the first encounters had unfolded, he suspected he wouldn't leave disappointed or unsatisfied. He suspected Myriam had the same expectations.

It was the end of Week 2 and Tom's life had taken a dramatic turn for the better. After being in a sexual rut for about three years, he was now enjoying a renewed sense of empowerment in that aspect of his life. In many ways, Tom couldn't explain it. Obviously, Myriam's infatuation with him came from the fact he was her teacher - she had admitted as much to him in his office. Why she carried on the affair (it could be called that) eluded him, however, since she had made it clear she sought no preferential treatment in class? Tom didn't feel like a sexual stud, nor the most beautiful man, so it was hard for him to grasp what the young woman saw in his thirty-something person. In any event, it didn't bother him much.

Tom was however more concerned with the other 'lover' in his life - a one-time occurrence as far as had happened. Having sex with his mentor-teacher Dana Foster in their office had been a spur of the moment, passionate but needed break that had benefited them both. And, in fact, there seemed to be no bad consequences from it. He had spoken to Dana a few times since. No awkwardness had resonated from these discussions. They were still friends and colleagues who now shared a sexual encounter - and nothing more. Except Tom kept thinking of her, how happy she had looked in the afterglow of her climax, how relaxed it now felt. She was definitely someone he could grow close to. Except she didn't show any signs of wanting to move forward with this.

Heading out of a department meeting on Friday morning, Tom was intercepted by Dana.

"Hi. Have a minute?"

"Sure. What's up?"

They talked as they walked the school hallway towards their shared office.

"I was wondering if you were busy this weekend."

"A bit," he replied. "Why?"

Last night, he had received another message from Myriam about the weekend, to finalize their meeting. That conversation was still on his phone.

MYRIAM: Saturday. 7ish. My place?

TOM: Sure. Any specific ideas.

MYRIAM: A few. Bring what I told you.

She had told him to always carry at least one condom on him from now on. After unexpectedly using his last one with Dana on Tuesday, he had purchased a new pack and sported three in his wallet.

"Oh!"

Dana seemed disappointed. It made Tom feel queasy and he immediately corrected his initial response to be more specific.

"Well, I'm going out with a friend on Saturday night, and I'll probably come in late so Sunday morning is out, but other than that."

"So we could meet."

"Sure. When?"

They arrived at the door. She let him open the door and they walked in. She adjusted her glasses as she went to sit at her desk.

"Depends," she finally answered.

"Well, what did you have in mind?"

"I thought maybe... we could get something to eat. You know. Lunch or dinner."

Was she asking him out on date? Perhaps he had misread her earlier distance. Tom didn't feel right asking for a clarification.

"Dinner sounds good. Sunday?"

"Sunday's bad. I have David. It would have been better on Saturday. No biggie."

"No," Tom insisted, "I can make it for dinner. I'm free until seven."

"Okay. I'd like that."

She smiled at him, then turned to her computer to check her e-mail. He did the same, casting a quick glance at her every so often as they worked in silence. This did feel like a request for a date. Somehow, Tom couldn't verify - in case he was wrong. Better to let the dinner reveal itself for what it was.

"Where?"

"What do you like?" she asked him.

"I'm not difficult."

They agreed on a sushi place and went back to work. When noon came around, Dana got up to leave.

"All right. Well... see you tomorrow at 5?"

"Five it is."

"Great. Thanks. Bye."

She left rather hurriedly, reinforcing Tom's impression that she was indeed crafting this meal as a potential - in her mind. Tom could see himself, but he wondered how far along she was in her separation with Randy. He would have to inquire.

It should have bothered Tom to agree, he told himself, but it didn't. If indeed he was heading out on a date with his friend and mentor, it should not have felt right to rush off from there to his lover's crib for whatever sex game she wanted to play. Still, thinking of Myriam and her promise that she would let him have sex with her turned him on to dramatic effect. He was hard just thinking about it. His mind still raced from watching her lesbian intercourse with her roommate, and the subsequent rubbing against her sex she had allowed him to perform. Tom wanted more from this relationship. To stop now, when nothing concrete had manifested with Dana, seemed wasteful.

Tom eventually left these ideas at the back of his mind and returned home.

Saturday came around without incident, and after an uneventful day, with only a message confirmation with Myriam for the evening, Tom dressed up nice for his sortie with Dana. They met at the appointed time inside the restaurant. He arrived first and she came in five minutes later. She was wearing nice black form-fitting pants and a pale blue blouse. She tucked her glasses away when she saw him.

"Tom!"

"Dana. Lovely as always."

They hugged it out, then proceeded to be seated. With their orders out of the way, they were free to chat.

"Thank you for being here," Dana smiled.

"No problem. I'm happy to be there," he replied.

Dana drank some water before continuing.

"Can I update you on what's happening?"

"By all means."

"Randy and I are officially splitting up. I mean, given what happened earlier this week..."

"His visit last Saturday, you mean?"

She nodded, but then added something else.

"And Tuesday."

Tom remained quiet. They had agreed not to discuss it, although he personally didn't mind. It had to come from her.

"Bottom line is, I never thought I could be intimate with anyone but him... and then, Tuesday..."

"People change, Dana," Tom tried to ease her concerns. "It's normal."

"I didn't think I would change. I thought it would be forever. It's not."

The entrées arrived, and Dana wolfed hers down while Tom took his time. The nervousness in her whole being was palpable.

"David's the one taking it the hardest," Dana continued as Tom chewed on his food. He can't figure out why mom and dad won't live together anymore."

"He's nine, right?"

"Yeah... I wish I could spare him this stress."

"Best you can do is love him, I think, and let him know it's not his fault."

They were clichés, Tom knew, but if they helped, why not throw them in there. The conversation continued on the topic of the separation for a while, with Tom doing his best to be supportive. Luckily, it wasn't about the ex Randy - he was barely mentioned but for the fact he was involved in this. Mostly, Dana focused on her own mixed feelings. Tom could tell she was trying to understand herself, and it was obvious she hadn't yet achieved that understanding. As much as he wanted to help, he could only offer platitudes. All the while they talked and ate, Tom examined the tiny crow's feet near Dana's eyes, subtle but there, testament to her age but also the hardship she was facing. Tom found them especially attractive.

When the meal came to an end, Dana's mood had lifted. She was smiling again, content in having spilled her guts about her feelings once more.

"I hope I didn't bore you too much," she inquired.

"No. Look Dana, this is what's going on in your life now. If I can help, I will."

"You have, in more ways than I dare say."

The confession made Tom smile. At this point, given her openness to him, he felt he could risk a tougher question.

"Can I ask you something very personal?"

"At this point," she answered, "yes. Go ahead."

He held his breath a moment before speaking.

"Is there something going on between you and me? Something more... um... long-term?"

Despite the imprecise nature of the question, Dana completely understood. She looked down at her empty plate, considering how she would frame her response. The waiter came in the meantime to clean the table; they didn't take any desserts. It was already 6:30pm.

"I don't know, Tom. I like you. That much is obvious. But until I'm separated... you know... I'm not sure. Plus, there's David to consider. Sorry for being so confused."

"Hey," he corrected himself, "I'm not asking for anything here other than your honesty."

In truth, her hesitation did leave a pang of disappointment in his heart; he really cared for her.

"I'm not saying no," she finalized. "At least, not a definitive one. I just need more time to process all this."

"Then time you shall have," Tom smiled at her.

They paid for their separate bills and headed out into the parking. Tom checked his timing.

"Damned. I missed the bus."

"Can I offer you a lift?"

Tom froze: he wasn't sure he wanted Dana to know where he was going. Then again, it was an apartment building, so the association to someone Dana did not know would be hard to make.

"Okay."

They climbed on board the vehicle and drove to the destination. Tom kept quiet; the irony of having a potential flame (that was how he saw Dana now) drive him to the place where his sex partner lived was not lost on him, and neither was his awkwardness. All the while, he couldn't help but stare at Dana's face and recall her orgasm, only five days ago. It mad him hard again.

Too quickly for his taste, they arrived at the apartment building. Dana didn't inquire.

"Thanks again, Tom."

She leaned into his side for a quick peck on the cheek; instead, they ended up locking lips slightly. Tom apologized, but she simply smiled.

"See you Tuesday."

He stepped out of the vehicle and watched her leave. Taking in a deep breath, he headed inside Myriam's apartment complex.

He was early. She welcomed him in wrapped in a towel.

"Make yourself at home. I'll be done in 10. And if the door rings, answer it."

"Who will it be?"

"Friends."

"Not just you and me tonight?"

"No."

The conversation was continuing between the bedroom and the living room.

"Anybody I know?" Tom inquired.

"My roommate's working, but you met Tina."

"The blonde my friend was with? Yeah. Anyone else."

"You don't know the other girl."

"Okay."

Three girls, Tom told himself. What did this minx have in store for him tonight? He decided not to invent too many stories, just in case he turned out to be disappointed.

Myriam was ready before the others came. She sported a black mini-skirt and a black bra under a sheer white camisole.

"Did you bring condoms?" she asked.

"Of course. You told me to have them."

"Excellent. This is so exciting!"

At this point, and because she was bringing it up, Tom inquired as to the evening's plan. She smiled.

"Surprise, surprise! Just kidding. We're gonna play a sexy game of Truth and Dare."

"You mean Truth or Dare?"

"No. Truth and Dare! You have to do both."

"Ok. Never played it that way."

The two waited for their guests to arrive together. Myriam welcomed her short light brown haired friend Tina and another taller red-haired girl by the name of Lea. Basic introduction were made. Tom, given his current state of arousal and expectation for later, took the time to examine all ladies. Myriam had the most buxom figure of the three, flaunting it without restraint. Tina, smallest in frame was also smallest in bulk, her petite figure matched by light curves and small but perky breasts. Today, she wore a loose fighting sun-yellow dress and a white blouse; underneath hinted at a pale bra. Her hair was knotted in a short ponytail. As for the stranger, Lea, she towered over the other two girls, as tall as Tom, sporting a red camisole under a darker red blazer, and dark form-fitting pants. The women took off their shoes.

Apparently, both girls were now on the job market. They were 22, friends since kindergarten. Tina worked in a supermarket as a cashier, though she dreamed of pursuing a career in dancing and was putting money aside for that. Lea worked at a beauty salon; her expertise was in nails but she could do it, so she claimed.

"And you, stud?" Lea inquired. "What do you do for money?"

The question put Tom in an awkward position. As far as he knew (and hoped), these two ladies were not aware that Rebecca and he shared a class.

"I'm a... teacher."

"Really?" Lea smiled, visibly interested in hearing more.

It was Myriam who chimed in, saving Tom from himself.

"We met at The Marquis. Amazing time, right Tina?"

"Oh yeah! Where's your friend?"

"Out of the country," Tom replied talking about Porter; his friend had enjoyed a great time in Tina's arms about two weeks ago.

"Shame... but you're here."

"Let's play!" Myriam called out.

They moved to the living room to set it up. Tina gathered the bottles and the glasses for drinking dares; Myriam turned on the television and connected her portable device to it, uploading the feed of an application onto the screen.

"There."

It was a truth or dare application of some kind. Quickly, she programmed the features, enabling adult content that included drinking, sexual innuendo and sexual acts. She programmed it in increments, so the more intense dares would come later when the mood was better suited to them. The four of them sat around the living room.

"All right, so here's how it works. We all get the same truth to answer, and then, one of us has to do the dare."

"So we all answer?" Tom clarified.

"Yep. That way, we get to know a lot about everyone really fast. Helps break the tension."

Obviously, the girls were familiar with the game. Tom hunched his shoulders and waited for it to start. He watched Myriam finish typing their names in, and then let the program decide what was going to be asked. Anticipation set in.

A truth displayed on the screen: 

- HAVE YOU EVER WORN A PIECE OF CLOTHING FROM THE OPPOSITE SEX?

The girls all nodded in agreement, with Tina adding.

"Nothing more comfortable than your boyfriend's shirts!"

Tom, however, was forced to confess he hadn't, and the girls giggled.

"Not a lot of men have," Lea chimed in.

The Dare came next, and it was decided Tom would be the one to act on it, given he was the only one who hadn't worn women's clothing.

- KISS ANOTHER PLAYER'S FEET FOR TEN SECONDS.

"Me!" Tina called it.

There were no objections. Tom was surprised by how into it the others seemed to be. Still, he had come here to have fun, and watching them enjoy themselves was part of it.

Tina pulled off her sock. Tom pulled in, ignoring the smell, and planted his lips on top of Tina's foot. She giggled as if his touch tickled her. He pulled away after counting away the seconds in his mind, casting a glance to Myriam: she approved.

Quickly, she ran another truth in the system.

- DO YOU WANT TO HAVE CHILDREN?

"Heck no," Lea answered. "Not for me."

"Maybe in a few years," Tina answered next, "but I gotta find a husband first."

"I'm not sure," Tom chimed in - and his mind suddenly raced to Dana and he child. "I mean... maybe, with the right person."

"Same as Tom," Myriam concluded the answers.

Satisfied at this, Myriam clicked for the next dare.

- TELL A SEX STORY. IT DOESN'T HAVE TO BE REAL.

"I have one," Myriam said. "I can go next."

Tom worried for a moment, and he was right to do so. She related the tale of their office encounter - leaving out their names and location, of course. In her tale, she emphasized how empowered the woman felt that the man was trusting her and allowing himself to be vulnerable. He took the compliment for what it was. He watched the other girls listen with bated breath as Myriam concluded her narrative.

"Wow!" Lea said. "I hope that's a true story."

"Who knows?" Myriam let the doubt linger on.

The game moved forward with another truth.

- HOW OFTEN DO YOU MASTURBATE?

"Every single day," Tina confessed. "Usually in the morning, if I have time - if not, when I come back."

"Not that often," Lea confessed. "I did masturbate this morning... I'd say every weekend."

"I know you won't believe me," Myriam answered, "but I rarely masturbate. I'll only do it if there's someone with me - otherwise, it doesn't do anything."

Tom's answer was the only one remaining.

"Frequency is hard to say," he confidently stated, "but maybe three to four times a week? I'd say."

Again, the round of truths ended and turned to a dare.

- STRIP ONE ITEM OF CLOTHING OF YOUR CHOICE. IF YOU STRIP TWO, EVERY PLAYER HAS TO STRIP ONE.

"I got this one," Lea said, removing her dark red blazer and tossing it aside. "And I'm not done."

She bent forward and unzipped her tight dark pants, pulling them off, revealing red lacy panties. Because she had fully complied with the dare, the others were also forced to part with one item, not that it seemed to matter. Tom removed his pants to reveal his boxer-type underwear, watching Tina open her white blouse to reveal a pale yellow bra cupping her small mounds, and Myriam pull off the sheer white camisole.

The sudden exposed flesh made everyone in the room tingle with more anticipation than before; Myriam moved it along with the next truth.

- HAVE YOU EVER HAD SEX WITH SOMEONE AND REGRETTED IT AFTERWARDS?

This question didn't get an immediate answer. As with before, Tina was the first to launch herself.

"Yes. Don't want to go into too much detail but... it's not that he wasn't good at it, but we did it bareback, and I got really scared I was pregnant - or worse."

She paused before continuing.

"Just so our friend Tom is clear about this, I'm all clean."

"As am I," Lea volunteered. "And for the truth: I can't recall any time when that's happened. Then again, I haven't been with many people, so..."

Tom thanked them for their sincerity.

"There was one girl I was with for a few years... several years ago. I regret our first time, because it led to some much pain and misery on my part."

Tom was surprised to confess this; clearly, he felt these women would be receptive. He still didn't feel confident in saying more.

"Never," Myriam concluded. "And I hope I never do."

The moment didn't linger; Myriam popped up the next dare. It would obviously be Tina performing it.

- PERFORM A SLOW SEXY DANCE FOR SOMEONE.

"Pick me," Myriam said.

Tina didn't flinch as she rose from her seat, shuffling her small frame towards Myriam and seductively swaying back and forth over her. Tom bit his lower lip as he contemplated the luscious and enticing movements. On her end, Lea giggled and wooed Tina.

"Shake that moneymaker!"

The dance didn't last long but it left a lasting impression on Tom, whose underwear now pitched a tent that did not go unnoticed. No one said anything about it.

"Let's get dirtier!" Myriam called out.

The other girls giggled as they agreed; Tom's eyes widened as he saw the dare setting increment from DIRTY to VERY DIRTY dares, not that he minded. He hoped this would escalate quickly.

- WOULD YOU MAKE YOUR PENIS OR BREASTS BIGGER?
