 My life seems to revolve round my husband, Ayron, not that it was a bad thing I guess. We’ve been married a little over three years now. But, if you’re anything like me, I need to have plenty going on in my life to keep me occupied. Since been retrenched from my job 2 months ago I’ve kind of stagnated, both personally and professionally.

Today was starting off like every other day of the last 2 months. Ayron’s gone to work and I am at a loose end. My only salvation these last 2 months has been my daily grind at the gym. I guess that’s where I am heading this morning too.

I packed my bag and headed off to the gym. I don’t really know too many people at the gym, other than one or two of the instructors, but at least I can get a good work out and it does manage to kill the boredom for an hour or two.

After arriving at the gym I head off to change into my gear, crop top and leotard. I know my figure is still good from the odd admiring glance that I get. It always does your self-esteem good to notice that you still attract a look every now and again.

My first mission for the morning is the exercise bike. I head on over and take the first available bike and set about riding my normal 10 miles. I’m busily cycling away, about half way through, when I hear ‘Oh my god Casey, is that you?’ I quickly look up, but didn’t immediately recognize the voice or the person speaking. The voice adds, ‘you don’t remember me, do you?’

Feeling slightly embarrassed, I have to apologize and admit that I don’t. ‘It’s me, Sandra Lockhardt, from high school’ My god, it had been 10 years since the last time I had heard that name. 

Sandra had always an attractive girl, not startlingly beautiful, but attractive all the same. This woman before me didn’t resemble the Sandra I remembered. She was stunning. Tall, slim, long flowing blonde hair, a body to die for. But the easy manner and confidence was the Sandra I remembered. 

I quickly stepped down from the bike and we embraced like long lost friends. It was so nice to see a friendly face. We spoke briefly and decided to meet after the gym and go for coffee or something.

An hour and a half later, showered, changed back into my day clothes, I meet Sandra at the entrance to the gym. After asking her schedule for the day, I asked her back home for lunch, as it was only a 5 min drive away and we could chat in peace.

I gave Sandra directions and headed off home. She said she join me in about 10 – 15 mins. I quickly decided to change into something a bit more flattering before she arrived. Good to her word, Sandra was ringing my doorbell 15 mins later. 

She strode in the door with two bottles of wine and some crusty bread, saying ‘I thought a celebration was in order after 10 years’

I gave Sandra the once over the house and then showed her the yard, swimming pool and patio, etc. We then settled down to drink the wine and catch up on old news.
The time was flying by, the 2nd bottle of wine was gone and the old school memories were coming thick and fast. We were having such a blast remembering all the good old times. Laughing about old boyfriends and all the wicked thing we got up too in our senior years.

I decided to raid Ayron’s wine rack and open another bottle. We were both rather tipsy by this stage and really didn’t care that we were well on the way to being drunk. 

It was a beautiful afternoon so we ventured out to the pool and stretched out on the reclining lounge chairs with our glasses brimming and continued on reminiscing. 

An hour later, very intoxicated, I suggested me take a swim in the pool. Sandra was quick to point out that she didn’t have a costume. Being as drunk as I was I couldn’t have given a care in the world and suggested we skinny dip, just like a group of us did one Saturday night many moons ago. 

Neither having a care in the world, we stripped down to nothing and were quickly in the pool, diving and darting and laughing all the time. 

Thirty minutes later we were both exhausted and made our way back to the reclining lounge chairs. Both now totally comfortable with our nakedness we stretched out beside each other and topped up our glasses.

We continued on chatting and bringing each other up to speed on our current lives. Me, pointing out just how bored I was lately and Sandra telling me all about her single carefree life. We were both very drunk now and as often happens when you’ve had too much to drink, discussions turned to our respective sex lives. I was blatantly telling Sandra how Ayron didn’t really hold much fascination for me anymore and had totally forgot that foreplay was a part of sex and love.

Sandra laughingly leaned across and gently pinched my nipple, asking ‘doesn’t Ayron caress and suckle these little beauties anymore?’

I was a little shocked at her gesture, but didn’t want to seem prudish so I joked my way around the situation. But her touch had been like an electric shock through my body and I knew that both my nipples were standing slightly erect.

I noticed Sandra looking at my breast and laughing out loud she said, ‘by your reaction I think it’s been too long since someone did that to you.’ I was a little embarrassed, but the wine was certainly helping me not to over react.

Sandra dangled her arm over the side of her chair and lazily brushed her fingertips around my nipple again. I knew with out looking that my nipple was even more erect than before and a tingling sensation had started between my thighs. I squirmed a little uncomfortably. A smile crossed Sandra’s lips as she noticed me wriggling in my seat.

She continued to fondle my nipple, but more intensely. It was no longer just her fingertips, but she was gently massaging them between her fingers. The sensation was awesome and I really couldn’t find the words to ask her to stop.

I knew I was becoming rather aroused. These were very new feelings for me. I’d never been touched by a woman before. 

Sandra suggested I close my eyes and enjoy the moment and I just couldn’t resist. My response was starting to become a little overwhelming. I closed my eyes and my body relaxed and I just stayed focused on these new and erotic sensations I was experiencing.

I could feel Sandra leaning closer and her voice whispering in my ear, asking me whether I was enjoying myself. I was almost breathless as her fingers trailed down across my stomach. One hand cupping my breast and teasing my nipple, the other circling downward across my stomach. 

My legs involuntarily parted as her hand made its way down. As her fingers brushed gently between my parted legs a moan escaped my lips. 

For a moment her hands left me, but I heard her rising from the lounge chair and kneeling down beside me. Again she whispered in my ear, ‘do you want me to continue?’ Without even hesitating, I almost begged her to keep going.

I felt her lips circle my nipple and as her tongue darted about, flicking my nipple, I moaned deeply. By now her fingers were delving between my parted legs, gliding and teasing me even more.

I was beyond stopping now. I was so aroused and my clitoris was aching to be touched. I knew I was wetter than I had ever been before. I wanted to beg her to continue, never to stop.

Moan after moan was escaping my lips now, as she teased me and aroused me even more. Her fingers were sliding between my aching lips, delving into my wetness. I felt her finger gently probe my wetness and slip inside. My back was arching, allowing her access to my inner self.

Slowly Sandra’s lips left my nipple and her lips were trailing light kisses down and across my stomach. Lower and lower. I was almost holding my breath now in anticipation of her next move.

 I felt her tongue dart between my swollen lips, as two of her fingers were deep inside me now. Her tongue probed until it found my swollen, aching clitoris. She maneuvered around to be almost directly in front of me now. I opened my eyes to watch her moves, as my arousal continued to build. 

Sandra’s voice was deep and husky when she asked me whether she could lap my pussy. Her voice was so erotic with desire. Her eyes were shining and her pupils were dilated. I knew she was aroused as I was.

Both of us were so focused on the moment that everything else was blocked from our thoughts. I was so aroused that I could feel my juices running between my cheeks as Sandra started to lap at my very center.

Her nose was pushed up against my clitoris, almost nuzzling it, as her tongue darted in and out of my vagina, keeping in time with her fingers.

I was so aroused, I knew I was almost ready to climax. God, how I needed the release of cumming. I was moaning even louder, aching for Sandra to suckle my clitoris with her mouth, that I started to beg for her to eat me, almost demand it.

She hesitate, briefly glancing up and meeting my eyes. I groaned out the words, ‘fuck me with your mouth’ Her head instantly delved between my legs and she furiously began to thrust her tongue against my clitoris, as her fingers delved deeper and deeper inside me.

I could feel my orgasm starting. My clitoris was throbbing beneath Sandra’s tongue. As she lapped faster and faster I could feel the sensation started deep with in me and begin to travel at a rapid pace right towards Sandra’s tongue.

Without even thinking my hands reached either side of Sandra’s head, grasping handfuls of her hair, as my hips began to buck and thrust, and my orgasm mounted.

I screamed out in ecstasy as my orgasm peaked and a rush of wetness drenched Sandra’s fingers. She continued to lap and suck at my clitoris until I was totally spent, exhausted.

I relaxed back with a huge sigh and I am sure a contented smile on my face. It was then that Sandra gasped in shock. My eyes flew open immediately. There stood Ayron. He’s been watched the entire time. Panic set in instantly. My god what was he going to say, how as he going to react.

It was then that Sandra leaned across laughingly towards Ayron and grasped his very obvious erection and said ‘doesn’t anyone caress and suckle this big beauty anymore?’

The End.