 Disclaimer: the following is a work of fiction. It may contain scenes of violence, bondage and/or sexual situations which may or may not be consensual, and is intended for adult readers only. All characters portrayed in this story are adults. This work is not for profit and is intended as entertainment only. The author does not support or encourage violence or humiliation towards women or anyone. Characters in this story are fictional and not based on any person living or dead, and are not meant to infringe on any existing characters in other literatures.

**************

Tom had very few expectations for his activities with the 'sex gang' - that is, other than having sex with several of them. They hadn't told him anything about what they specifically had planned, and he certainly didn't mind, having never been disappointed before.

He had been told to arrive around ten in the morning on Tuesday; the meeting was, as usual, at Myriam and Rebecca's place. He had also been told to bring a few items: his pajamas (though Rebecca, speaking to him on the phone, warned him he might not need them at all), a change of clothes since he would spend the night, as well as whatever alcohol he wanted to bring. He chose none: he didn't want alcohol to alter his performances in any way. They had also asked him to contribute financially: an amount of to pay entrance to a bar in the evening.

Tom took the bus, arriving ten minutes early to the appointment. On the way, his mind traveled back to these past few weeks and the magnificent pleasure he had derived from them. However, his final thoughts were on the previous day - Monday morning, awakening in Dana's bed, and the glorious morning sex they had shared. Now heading out to another sex party of sorts, Tom couldn't help but think of his other lover. It didn't surprise him. In fact, what was really on Tom's mind was how much fun it might be for Dana to come along and participate with the rest of the women - except it couldn't happen, because of Myriam's identity. As understanding as she could be, Dana wouldn't accept that Tom was fucking one of his students. If she were a student at university but not in his class, it might have been acceptable. As it stood, it was an insurmountable obstacle, at least, to Tom's knowledge.

On time, Tom walked up to the apartment door and knocked.

"Come in," Rebecca's voice resonated through the door.

He turned the handle and pushed the door in, walking onto Rebecca and Myriam seated on their living room, wearing sexy negligees, caressing each other.

"Close and lock the door," Myriam ordered him.

He carried out the order, then walked towards them.

"Strip," Rebecca ordered him.

Again, he did as he was told, stripping rather quickly, exposing his nakedness to them both. They stared at him through the whole process. Myriam reached for the remote, turning on the television. Her porn collection had loaded. She had already selected a section called FFM. Tom's eyes widened.

"Pick a number from 1 to 20."

"13," he replied.

She selected the thirteenth file; Tom could read the title: "August and Brooke massage gives stud happy ending".

"Good," Myriam stated. "We're going to be replicating that scene in its entirety. Tom, lie down."

There was no hesitation. Already, on the screen, the action had loaded. The male actor was lying on his back on top of a massage table; Tom emulated his position from the floor. The two girls, porn actresses August and Brooke wearing immaculate white underwear, were trading kisses in the foreground. Tom stared at Rebecca and Myriam as they locked lips, caressing their shoulders at the same time. Their wet kisses were enough to stimulate a reaction between Tom's legs.

On the screen, the women moved over their male partner and began to strip; Tom watched as breasts became exposed, lacey cloth slipping off the roommates' sweet skins. Then, the porn actresses leaned over their male partner's body, on each side, in order to trade further tongue. Watching his own partners do the same finished the task of bringing Tom's erection to full length. Hands wandered to cocks, both on screen and in live; with two warm hands playing with him, one on his shaft, the other on his balls, Tom closed his eyes for a moment.

He felt breasts pressed against his face; just like in the video (though he couldn't see it), he started licking at the nipples and underboob. His eyes opened and he identified Myriam's chest; Rebecca's chest being equally close, he swapped to hers, even as the sound of the girls kissing further motivated him to carry on.

Both girls moaned through their kisses; the caresses lasted for a short while, everyone involved too focused on the action to notice the scene on the screen was moving forward. It was Rebecca, with a better angle, that spotted it. She pulled away from Tom, inciting Myriam to do the same. They all stared at the scene to drink it in.

One pornstar had wrapped her breasts around the male actor's cock, rubbing them up and down in a slow, stimulating gesture. The other woman was leaning into his face, offering her nipples for licking and biting; the man's hand reached around to her ass and he caressed it - it was unclear if his fingers were playing with her sex but her moans implied it.

The trio shifted positions to imitate what was on the screen; Myriam moved to Tom's legs and wrapped her gorgeous round breasts where they needed to go; as Rebecca leaned into Tom's face and he lapped up her nipples, she grabbed his hand and guided it around her frame to her moist pussy. The boob-job definitely pleased Tom, and Rebecca's moans appeared sincere as his fingers played with the crease of her sex. It was a very nice situation, slow and flowing naturally - however, the scene on the video was much too short, as the actors again shuffled about.

The man rose, leaning his ass against the table; both actresses got on their knees in front of him, both working the man's long shaft together. The girls helped Tom get to his feet; he sat on the edge of the couch's armrest as Rebecca and Myriam moved where they needed to be. Both their mouths on his shaft, Myriam working his tip, Rebecca sliding her tongue and mouth along his length, triggered anticipation of pleasure so much it made Tom shiver and moan.

"...oh fuck..." he mumbled.

Rebecca shushed him; the actor on the screen was voiceless. Tom made an effort to internalize his reactions, contemplating the double blowjob with delight and satisfaction. Every so often, Myriam's eyes would look up at him with desire, titillating him further.

Before it could get too intense for Tom, the scene shifted again; with no transition on screen, the two women were lying on their backs, lifting their legs up and apart, with the actor ready to mount them. As much as he enjoyed the oral stimulation, Tom pointed to the screen and his partners pulled away. They climbed onto the sofa, leaning side by side; they placed pillows under their behinds to raise them. In the scene, the actor had slipped his cock inside the actress being emulated by Rebecca; Tom aimed his own shaft at her opening and slid it in.

"Oohhhhh..." a long erotic moan escaped Rebecca's lips as her sex parted from the penetration.

The actor's hand, even as he fucked his partner, went to the other girl's sex to stimulate her; Tom slid two fingers against Myriam's hole even as he pumped into Rebecca. Tom couldn't help but grunt even as his hits inside Rebecca drew more moans from her. Rebecca kneaded her breasts even as Myriam stared at the ongoing sexual act, eager for her turn. Tom paced himself; he certainly wanted to last the whole scene, if only to humor the game they were playing.

Since only the girls could see the screen now, they gave Tom his cue when the actors switched partners. He pulled out of Rebecca as she exhaled, then swapped his rod to Myriam's sex; he pushed in without difficulty. Her hand reached up and grabbed the back of his head as he prodded her insides, holding it tight; besides them, Rebecca's fingers had replaced Tom's dick inside her, just like the actress in the video.

"Oh! Fuck Tom..." Myriam whimpered.

He placed one hand over her mouth, reminding her that the actress in the video wasn't speaking either.

"Who cares?" Myriam mumbled through the improvised gag. "Just fuck me."

He couldn't refuse that order any more than the previous ones; still he kept his pace slow, gently gliding his cock in and out of Myriam, watching Rebecca pleasure herself at the same time.

On screen, the scene started to shift; because Myriam was building to an orgasm, she didn't warn Tom of the fact (he still couldn't see the screen, his back to it), and he continued inside her until she peaked.

"Ah! yes... fuck... yes..." she moaned through her climax.

Tom slowed down, Rebecca motioning him to get off. That's when he noticed that the actors on screen had moved their threesome in a different direction. One girl was on all fours, in-between the other two partners; the male was on his knees behind her, pilfering her hole with his rod; the other's sex was in her face, being teased. The logic of the replication implied that it would be Myriam in the middle; however, since Tom had already made her climax, Rebecca moved into that position and no one objected.

Myriam was first into position, laying on her back; Rebecca moved in and locked her lips on her roommate's pussy, licking her with energy; she had to stop for a moment when Tom, getting behind her, pushed his erection back into her welcoming hole. They matched as best they could the ongoing scene on screen, though they cared a lot less than at the beginning of their interaction. Tom felt the tension rising and he knew that if he didn't hold back, sooner or later, the ejaculation would escape him. Still, the confinement of Rebecca's tightness almost demanded a release.

Tom, looking forward, noticed that Myriam was staring up at him, lost in the delirium of pleasure her roommate was providing; she didn't care for the game anymore. Rebecca, trapped between the two, focused solely on the moment.

There was no point in playing the game anymore.

Tom rushed his movements, hoping to give Rebecca what she craved while he sought his own satisfaction; this led to Rebecca losing focus on Myriam. Not to be left out, Myriam moved fingers to her sex and teased herself.

On the screen, the man was now lying on his back, one woman riding his cock, the other seated on his face - the actresses faced each other as they kissed more passionately. Tom had no intention of carrying out that scene, but only because he was building himself to his climax. Myriam, noticing and accepting, slid her body downward under Rebecca's so their faces would meet. Even as Tom plowed Rebecca, Myriam grabbed her face, kissing it hard, staring into her roommate's lustful eyes. Myriam's hand reached down to Rebecca's pussy, rubbing against her clitoris.

"Aw... yes..." Rebecca moaned on the verge of climax.

The timing wasn't perfect, but it was good enough; Rebecca's body shook from the satisfaction being given; Tom kept pounding after the fact, watching the women kiss, building himself further until it could no longer be denied. There were no words or sounds: warmth spilled out of Tom and into Rebecca's hole; Rebecca added to his pleasure by grinding against him through the ejaculation.

After that, the three partners unhooked and laid down on the floor, motionless for a while even as the video finished, the male actor ejaculating onto one of the actresses' breasts.

"Damn," Myriam commented, "that's a fine way to start two days of glorious sex."

"Amen," Rebecca laughed.

Tom remained quiet, satisfied for the moment, wondering how many more times he would get to achieve such satisfaction over the course of the two days. He watched the two women rise (Rebecca wiping herself in the process) and head for the kitchen; he went to sit on the couch and watched them operate.

"What's the plan?" he asked as they shuffled about.

"Well, that was the first course," Rebecca said. "We've got an appointment around one with some familiar friends who are looking forward to being ravaged."

"Enough time for you to recover," Myriam added behind a grin.

He saw them prepare a plate of fruit bits which they brought him.

"Gotta keep your energy up," Myriam told him.

He welcomed the food and ate a few bites; Myriam shut down the entertainment system even as Rebecca sat beside Tom, caressing his thigh.

"We hope you have lots of energy because you're going to be doing a lot of fucking!"

"I'll do my best," he replied with a smile.

Even as he ate, Myriam moved to face him, bending her knees, her face becoming more serious.

"There's a few questions we want to ask before we proceed. Your answers may affect our plans."

"You could have asked before," he commented.

"True, but we were planning up until last night. Anyway, there's nothing major but... well, can we ask them?"

"Sure."

The unease which surrounded the potential inquiry bothered Tom, but it was better to hear it out before reacting.

"Is there anything you will not do? Sexually speaking, I mean."

Tom had to consider his answer.

"Well... I don't know for sure. I mean, I've been experimenting a lot so... I'm open to suggestions."

"Okay," Rebecca intervened. "Guess we'll have see about that. Have you ever tried anal?"

"I'm not the one to ask," Tom stated. "I think the girl has more say about that than me."

Myriam giggled.

"I suppose so... sex in public?"

"Well," Tom scratched his chin, "my only concern is that I have a reputation, but you know this. I'd be willing if no one can identify me."

"Masked?"

"Sure."

It wasn't a long list, but there were still a few items the roommates needed to address.

"Viagra?"

"What?" Tom let out a shocked reaction.

"Don't worry," Myriam quickly added. "It has nothing to do with your performance which has always been amazing - but with a boner pill, you can stay hard afterwards - longer."

"It's only really to make you a superstud," Rebecca commented.

Tom knew about the drug but he had never taken it; he was young and very reactive. There was no need.

"There are potential side effects," he hazarded. 

"We know," Myriam said. "For example, you can't take more than one per day. And maybe we won't need to."

"Let's... not make this the first option," Tom said, concerned about health consequences; it wouldn't do to go the emergency room for an erection lasting more than four hours the day he was scheduled for a sex party.

"Anonymous sex?" Rebecca switched gears.

"Like what?"

Rebecca went on to explain that sometimes, in rare instances, some women didn't want their partner to know who they were, perhaps because they also sought to protect their anonymity. Tom had lived a one-night stand three years ago around Christmas where the woman's name had never been revealed to him.

"No names?"

"Perhaps no faces either."

"Well," Tom reasoned, "I guess it's fine, but we should be safe about it. Condoms, for example - and if I can't see my partner, she shouldn't see me either."

"Sounds fair."

Myriam rechecked the list in her mind; they had covered most of the basics.

"I think that's it. Not that one or any of these scenarios might happen - but we prefer to ask."

Satisfied, the trio started gathering their clothes upon Rebecca's suggestion. Once they were dressed again, Myriam grabbed Tom's hand and took him aside, even as Rebecca made a call.

"Ever done bondage?" Myriam inquired.

"No, but I'm familiar with it."

"We're gonna implement a safe word - for everyone. It's 'Bananas'."

Tom shrugged; he didn't think he would need it but respected the idea.

"What it means," Myriam said, "is that if anyone calls out the safe word, everything stops. Now, if you're inside a partner at that time, you don't necessarily need to pull out unless they tell you so..."

"Well," Tom replied with a calm demeanor, "I'm going to follow orders, so to speak - just like before."

"I know you'll certainly try," she said, "but people get carried away sometimes."

On that, Tom couldn't disagree. Myriam suddenly realized she had forgotten perhaps one of the more important questions.

"Another thing," she hazarded, her face and tone betraying unease.

"Yes?"

"What about... other men?"

The question had been raised a few weeks prior; back then, the girls had decided for Tom that it might be best not to involve any, but time had passed and many of Tom's reservations had melted away. In fact, Tom was able to joke about it.

"Well, don't bring them in on my account."

"Okay but... if there are other men - with the girls, are you fine with that?"

"Is there a plan for it?"

"There's always a possiblity in our activities. And it's also a matter of if you don't mind but don't want to be in their presence."

Tom recalled his earlier thoughts on the subject; he also remembered his weekend delusions at the beach, where he had pictured himself having sex with the blonde girl and her male partner, each taking one end of the girl.

"I'm... okay with it, generally at least. I won't know until I'm put on the spot."

"So we can at least consider including it- should an occasion present itself."

Tom gave her a rough approval; Rebecca returned.

"Our ride is on its way. We should head outside."

"All right... let's go."

The three exited the apartment and went down to the street to await their ride; five minutes later, the short blonde Tina rolled up in a familiar minivan. The driver jumped out of the vehicle, giving big hugs to her friends. Rebecca moved into the driver's seat. Tina dragged Tom to the backseat.

"Hey stud."

"Hello Tina."

She planted a firm kiss on his lips before they climbed on board. Myriam sat in the passenger's seat.

"How are you this morning Tom?"

"I'm good. Yourself."

"Very horny," Tina replied, "and I was hoping you could help me with that."

"That's what I'm here for," he smiled at her.

"I was so hoping you'd say that."

Even as the car got rolling, Tina started to unbuckle Tom's pants, exposing his limp penis; it had been less than an hour since Tom had finished with the two others. That didn't seem to deter Tina whose warm hand started stroking it to get some reaction.

"We're driving around until you satisfy her," Myriam said.

Tina was wearing a skirt; she pulled it up, revealing she wore nothing underneath. Because she was smaller, she could actually sit on him and not bump her head on the ceiling of the minivan; at least, as far as she was mindful. Clearly, this was her idea. However, Tom had another idea.

"Park for a moment," he said.

Rebecca did just that; Tom and Tina disembarked, then Tom folded back the seat into the floor as it had been the first time he'd entered this van, so many weeks ago. Tina admired his initiative as he unrolled the spare blanket onto the floor. They climbed back in and resumed driving. Tina pushed Tom on his back, exposing his manhood again, wrapping her lips around the tip and licking with intensity, hopeful to get a rise out of him. Tom invited Tina to twist around and place her crotch in his face. Tom's mouth went to work on her labia.

In the front seats, Myriam and Rebecca kept their eyes on the road, though they could start to hear moaning from Tina.

With enough stimulation, Tom began to get hard again; not wanting to waste this opportunity, Tina moved upwards and straddled Tom's erection, guiding it into her vagina. It took some doing to get it inside, one because Tom's wasn't at his hardest, two because Tina wasn't as wet as could be. It didn't matter in the end; Tina grunted as the now familiar cock visited her insides.

"Uugh... fuck..."
