 I had just stepped out of the shower when I heard the doorbell. I wrapped the towel around me and dripped to the front door. Guys are much more able to that than girls are. We can drip, and show up at the door in only a towel from the waist down, and no one thinks it's a come-on. If a girl does it, she's just asking for it. 

It was JoEllen, as I had hoped. I had called her on the way home and offered to spend the night with her. She had replied she had stuff to do in town, and would come to me after her errands. The timing worked out just right. I took her coat from her, put it in the closet, kissed her and ushered her into the room. I excused myself, and went to put a few clothes on. "Not too many," she said. 

"No. Help yourself to the food, dear." I had managed to arrange a quick meal before she arrived. I got back to the dining room in time to see her eating a small sandwich. She declared herself satisfied. I said, "Then why don't you join me in the bedroom?"

She made a little face, and said, "'bout time!"

We walked hand in hand to the bedroom. I had the lights down, and the curtains closed, and the music on low. I kissed her again in the doorway, and led her to the bed. I had on only shorts and a t-shirt, the thermostat cranked up so being naked did not mean being uncomfortable. 

I helped her undress, with appropriate kisses and stops along the way. She was about 5.6 or so, about 130, with oversized tits. She was not a solid build, but sorta soft and pasty. I didn't care much for that, but I did like her attitude: let's fuck. 

I draped her clothes -- jeans, sweatshirt -- on the bedroom chair. We lay on the bed, her on my left, as usual. Most of my girls let me do that my way. I liked to use my fingers to get things started, and it was better if I used my right hand for that, and that worked better if they were on my right. 

We were kissing, and I had my hand in her panties, my leg over her nearest thigh, when the doorbell rang. 

"Do you have to answer that?" she asked.

"I do. It could even be my son or my parents." At this she grabbed the sheet and held it tightly to her neck. "I'll be right back."

I had no idea who it was, so I just put on my shorts -- running shorts -- with nothing underneath. I was still in my 20s then, and could get away without a shirt. 

I opened the door, tentatively, no look thru the peep hole. "Hello, Bev." It was Beverly, another fuck-buddy of mine. I had called her on the way home, too, but she had declined, saying her boyfriend Harry would be home all evening, and she did not want to leave him to be with me. "What happened? Harry have to go out?"

Bev pushed her way by me into the living room. She was a 5.2 fireball, about 105, and very nice sized tits for her frame. Her ass was lovely. She worked in a warehouse, moving stuff all day, and was in buff shape. "Yes, he had a lodge meeting, he'll be gone til 10 or so, so I thought I would come over and keep you company." 

When I didn't reply with enthusiasm, she stopped pulling off gloves and scarf, and looked at me. Pause. "You have company." I did not reply, confirming her assertion. "Really!" 

"This can't come as a surprise, Bev," I said.

"No, no surprise, just a pleasant opportunity!" She headed for the bedroom, me in hot pursuit. Since the bedroom door was down a hallway, I had not closed it. Beverly stopped in the doorway, and looked toward the bed. I was behind her and could not see Jo in the bed. Bev looked back at me, and said, "Well! You do have good taste!" 

"Bev! Do you mind?"

Beverly, in her best 1950s impression of Bette Davis, waltzed into the bedroom, and introduced herself to Jo. "Hi, I'm Beverly, another of his regular 'dates.'"

Jo was pissed. I was apprehensive. Jo asked, sheet still held to her chin, "Was this planned? Is this a setup?"

Bev and I both said, "NO!" at nearly the same time. I decided I better explain the best I could before I wound up not getting ANY that night. "I called Bev before I called you, on the way home. Nothing unusual there. Some days, I call you first, like when I know the boys are with their father. Some days I call Bev first, like when I know Harry is working late." It was true. There were also several others I called regularly. Let's hope THEY didn't decide to show up without calling, too. 

"Bev, why did you not call first? I would have told you not to come by."

"Maybe that is why I didn't call. Look, I don't care about 'catching' you... we don't mean that much to each other. But I thought I'd come by for a quickie. I didn't really think you would have company."

She turned to JoEllen. "I will leave, uh..." She turned to me, eyebrows raised. 

"Oh," I said, "Jo, this is Beverly, Beverly, this is Jo."

Bev nodded at me, and said, "Jo, I will leave if you want, but it occurs to me we could all have a good time together if you wanted. It can't come as a big surprise to you either that he has more than one girlfriend. I know it does not surprise me!"

Jo had calmed down, but was not talking. After a moment, Bev turned to me and said, "Well, too bad. Maybe some other time."

She turned to leave, and just as she got to the door, Jo said, "How long have you known him?"

Bev stopped and looked back, thinking. "Three years, now. ... you?"

"About six months." 

Bev nodded again, and said, "He has never said anything to me about you. Or any of his girlfriends. I bet he has not mentioned me to you, either."

Jo shook her head, confirming that I was not that kind of cad, at least. 

She seemed to think of another question, and went ahead and asked. "Where did you meet?"

Now, I did not know what she was driving at, but I did not want her to know at this moment, now that she was at least talking to Bev, that Bev and I had met thru a swingers newsletter. I had called a number on a list, and Harry had answered, and screened me, and then let me talk to Bev. We had been going out, or more correctly, staying in, ever since. So, I jumped in with a fantasy that Bev would find familiar, and be able to make our own, convincingly.

"Bev and Harry came into that pizza place next to Sears one night. I was sitting with my back to a wall, alone, reading and eating. They were seated near me at a table. I nodded to her since she was sitting facing me. She made no reply at the time."

I could see that Bev knew where I was going... she apparently remembered the story. "When Harry got up to go to the bathroom, even before the waitress had their order, I looked over and she was flashing me." As I spoke, I quickly ducked out the doorway, up the hall to the living room, past the kitchen and into the dining room, grabbed a chair and hotfooted it back to the bedroom. All was as I had left it, seconds before. 

I looked at Jo. "Flashing you? What does that mean?"

I looked back at Bev, who picked it up on cue. "He means I had spread my knees, so he could see up my skirt." I set the chair down at the foot of the bed, as an audience might be seated before a stage. 

"Oh," Jo said. I could see her puzzling out this way of getting someone's attention. Not for her, no doubt, but she could see how it could work for some people!

I picked up the narrative. "I made no secret that I was looking up her skirt. It was pretty obvious even in the darkened room, that she had nothing on underneath the skirt. I could see no white stripe, no hose, nothing." 

Bev smiled. "So, for the next 45 minutes, while we ordered, ate, and talked, I drove him crazy. I flashed him, once I even reached between my legs and touched myself, quickly. I moved to the edge of the seat and rubbed against it. He was nuts."

"It's true, I was. Finally, Harry went to the head again, and I took out a business card, held it up and inquired with my eyes if she wanted it. She nodded. I rose and left quickly, dropping the card onto the table next to her. I figured, nothing ventured, nothing gained. She called me the next day, and the next Friday we went out. Have been since."

Jo looked satisfied at the story, nodding slowly, taking it in. Bev asked, "What about you?" Jo looked at me, and I said, "Well, you know, Bev, I can read upside down as fast as most people can right-side up, right?" Bev nodded. "Well, we were at the same service station, and Jo was paying for some repairs to her car, with a check. I was waiting in line, and I saw her write the check. I read her phone number from it, and as soon as I got home, I called her. We went out to dinner that night, and we see each other a couple of times a month, now."

Bev chewed her thumbnail. "Can I ask one, now?" Jo looked at her without answer, which of course, Bev took to mean 'SURE!'

"How long before you two did it?" I turned to Jo, blushing more than any dark-haired girl should be able to. But before I could say - too much information! -- Jo blurted out, "That night." I was surprised she had given up the information that quickly. Then she asked, "What about you two?"

Bev looked at me and said, "We could not leave that restaurant that Friday night quickly enough. I have a feeling that, if the pizza place we met had a back room, or just fewer people there, we would have done it within five minutes of when we met." This was true. I had met her in a donut shop at 10am. By 11am we were getting dressed for the rest of the day, having done it twice, despite having to drive 10 miles to get to my place. True enough.

Jo said, "So, you fuck Beverly on Wednesdays, when you and I are not together, you fuck me on Tuesdays and Thursdays, who do you fuck on the weekends?"

"How important is that to continuing this discussion?" I asked. I got no answer from either of them. Bev finally said, "I have not worried about who else he might be with. I certainly never wanted to cramp his speed."

Jo nodded again. She seemed to be at rest with the situation, for which I was glad. Good fuck-buddies were hard to come by, and she and Bev were two of my favorites. 

Bev asked, "I'm curious, now. Just how far along were you two when I rang the door?" I sighed. This was so typically Beverly. I started to say, 'None of your business,' when she answered her own question, aloud: "No, you weren't fucking yet." She looked at me. "You would never leave a nice warm pussy just to see who was at the door." I looked chagrinned, I'm sure, at how closely she had me pegged. 

Jo giggled, and said, "No, he wouldn't leave pussy of ANY kind to answer the door." They both laughed, I tried to look embarrassed, instead of simply cluelessly male. 

Jo said, "Just so you know, up front, I am NOT into threesomes, groups, or anything like that."

Before I could answer, Bev said, "It's ok. I am the intruder here, and I will leave if you want." I was glad she said that. Saved me from having to point that out to her.

Jo said, after a moment, "No, it's ok. It's just that I've never done anything like group anything before, and I did not expect to tonight, either." She looked at Bev. "You and I do not touch. Is that ok?"

She had been forceful enough. Even though I knew that Bev had plenty of experience in 3s and 4s and Mores, I knew she would go along with Jo's rules, which she did: "Ok, fine with me." A moment, then, "Ok, what DO you want to do?" When I started to answer, she held up a hand, "Not you, dumbass, we both KNOW what you wanna do, and most likely you'll get laid. I was asking Jo what she would be comfortable with." As long as there was a moderator, I was content to let her run things. 

Jo thought a moment, and said, "I would like to watch you two do it. I've never seen people fuck before." I had to consciously keep the smile off my face! I looked at Bev a moment in a decided non-smirk, and said to Jo, "Ok, we'll see if we can accommodate you!" She smiled, both at me and at Bev. I leaned to kiss her, intending more, but she pushed against my chest. "For this, mister, you are gonna pay." 

I looked at her, dumbly, I'm sure, wondering what she meant. "I mean," she said, "you will take us both out to dinner, separately, to an expensive restaurant, and make us both feel like we are queens. Ok, Bev?" Bev smiled at the terms, and said, "Sure!"

What could I do but agree. I smiled and nodded, and said, "Agreed. Happily."

Bev said, "He'll do it, too. I haven't known him to welsh on a deal." Before that could lead to another round of 'how do you know that?' I jumped in and kissed Jo, then leaned to the far end of the bed and kissed Bev. I realized in that moment both how lucky I was, and how much of a tightrope I was walking.

"Before we ...uh...start? Would anyone like something to drink?"

Jo said, "Ice water, please." And Bev nodded agreement. I left quickly, determined not to miss any of this discussion. Glasses, ice, water, napkins, quick! I high-stepped back down the hall. When I reached the door, I saw that Bev had moved to take off her jeans, and was now dressed only in a blue sweater and panties. The high heat thing was paying off -- she even had her socks off. She sat in the chair, and propped her feet up on the edge of the bed. 

I sat on the bed, next to Jo. Something about dancing with the girl that brung you. "I thought Jo would be more comfortable not being the only undressed woman in the room." I tipped my glass at her, thinking that she was right. I still had on my jogging shorts, with nothing else. 

Jo said, "As popular as you make him out to be, it's a wonder this does not happen more often, I guess." 

Bev sipped and smiled, "He's never had to answer the door when we were in bed, but he has answered the phone! While we were DOING it!"

I had to blush again, and started to explain. "May I remind you..." 

Bev interrupted, "Yeah yeah, yeah, we know.. you're on 'call' and have to answer the phone." She sipped her water. "But while you're inside me?"

There was nothing I could say. Jo 'helped.' "He answered once when we were doing it, too. He was close, but not close enough he couldn't find the phone and say, 'hello' in a strained voice. I often wondered if the girl on the other end figured out what he was doing." 

Bev smiled, and said, "What, uh... how... uh, how were you, uh, positioned? At the time?"

Jo said, matter of factly, "Missionary."

Bev said, "When he answered the phone while he was fucking me, we were doing it doggy style."

This was more or less true. We had called a couple in Iowa one night, all pre-arranged. We had started fucking while they did, and we could all hear each other. The moment that Bev was thinking of must have been when she had one phone to her ear, while we were fucking doggy style, and I had another handset to my ear, listening intently to Don and Shirley fucking on the other end of the phone. So, strictly speaking, it had happened like she said: I had fucked her doggy style with a phone to my ear. This was not the time to elaborate.

But it did open up a new subject in Jo's mind. She said, "He says that is a favorite way of his, but I prefer being able to see his face. I like missionary or me on top."

Bev nodded, and took another sip. "Yeah, but sometimes, the second or third time, he needs to go faster, and doing it doggy style seems to help him with that."

Jo nodded, thinking back. She and I had only once done it twice in a night. I could nearly see her comparing herself to Bev, which I did not want. Bev may have sensed the same thing, "Speaking of phones, he's pretty good with one no matter what he's doing at the time."

I remained still, wondering what Jo would think of that sentiment. "I don't get it," she finally said.

Bev jumped in to elaborate. "I mean he's pretty good at phone sex." I could see confusion on Jo's face. Bev was sorry now she had brought it up, but went gamely on. "I mean when he has phone sex... he talks a good fuck."

As though that had cleared it all up. She reached for her ice water.

Jo's face suddenly lit up as though she had a light bulb in it. "OOOO! I get it." Then she turned dark red, covering her face with her hands. I said, "Jo, it's ok, it's just not something you're interested in." I gently pulled her hands away from her face. She looked up shyly at me, "Have you ever wanted to do that with me?"

I saw no reason to lie about it, "Yes, I have! It never seemed it would be something you would like. We can do that if you want!"

She lowered her hands, putting the idea away for another time, but something else for her to think about. The she thought of a question for me: "How much do you..." She could not finish.

"What?" I said. "Have phone sex with Beverly?" 

"Well, no.. well that, too, but... how often do you... jack off?"

Now it was my turn to blush. I was liking this discussion as long as it was turned away from me, but this was close to home. "Uh," I began. Of course, Beverly jumped into the breach. "He does it 3 or 4 times a night, usually."

"Thank you very much Ms Smarty-pants!" I knew it had not hurt the discussion any for Jo to know that, but as I looked back at her, she seemed alarmed! "Three or four? Alone? Then why do we only do it once?"

I could flatter her by saying once with her was like 4 times alone, which was nearly true.. I would much rather fuck then jack off, but that was not always possible. And I was not sure what she would believe. Bev had gotten me into this, she could get me out. "He most likely would rather fuck you than be alone. He and I have phone-fucked three times in a night when we could not be together, but usually he prefers to be with someone. Me, You, someone."

This seemed to satisfy her, until she thought of another question. "Goodness, doesn't that...you know... hurt?"

Bev caught on, right away, and laughed out loud. She was really getting into educating my 'newer' girlfriend on all my foibles. "No, because he does not do that with his hand! He has a machine."

I had not thought it was possible for Jo's eyes to get larger. I was wrong. 

I don't know what kind of machine she was thinking of, but Bev assured her quickly. "It's a vibrator, with a bell-shaped attachment. He's been using it for years. I'm surprised he has not shown it to you." 

"Ok, this is enough show and tell," I said, "especially when what you are telling is not your own!"

Bev said quickly, "Then I'll show!" and reached to her shirt-tails and stripped off her top. She sat in matching panties and bra, a lovely blue color. She propped her feet up on the edge of the bed, again, and quickly ran her hand along the outside of her panties.

Jo looked at me, "Ok, I guess that is enough questions for now." She reached for me, and I moved to her, doing my best to serve one girl at a time. I kissed her, eagerly, and replaced my hand where it had been what seemed like an hour before -- down the front of her panties. I wanted to elicit a moan from her, and as soon as I parted her lips and slipped a finger between them, pressing closer to her clit-flesh, I was rewarded with a deep sigh. It was what she wanted, too. 

Somehow, the covers began slipping off the bed, onto the floor. Soon we were exposed to Bev. As I sucked on Jo's nipple, I glanced backward past my shoulder and saw she had removed her bra, now, and was teasing her nipples. I sucked harder on Jo's nipple, biting her gently. One of the drawbacks to having a dozen fuck-buddies was having to remember each of their quirks, eccentricities. Bev liked to be bitten nearly to the point of drawing blood. She liked to have her ass played with, sometimes hard. Jo like none of that. It was only the 5th or 6th time we had fucked that she had even let me eat her, and she was still not entirely comfortable with it, though I never asked for reciprocity. 

I moved my hand away from her cunt, pulling on her panties. She lifted her ass to let them slide off her backside, and I pulled them all the way off. I glanced at Bev, who was still wearing her panties. She stood quickly and shucked them, sitting back down and propping her feet back up on the bed.
