 Disclaimer: the following is a work of fiction. It may contain scenes of violence, bondage and/or sexual situations which may or may not be consensual, and is intended for adult readers only. All characters portrayed in this story are adults. This work in not for profit and is intended as entertainment only. The author does not support or encourage violence or humiliation towards women or anyone. Characters in this story are fictional and not based on any person living or dead, and are not meant to infringe on any existing characters in other literatures.

*******************

Friday evening had come around and Tom was faced with an incredible dilemma - which woman's pussy, mouth or skin would welcome his load this time? For the past twenty or so minutes, he had been pounding hard into one girl after another, taking them hard at whatever angle they happened to be at. This was the last game of the night; it would all be over after that. Break week was gone and only one weekend remained, and plans for that had already been settled. This ejaculation was meant to be a last victory on the insane path that these past weeks had thrown him on. He had already climaxed twice that night but this one seemed to matter most, and his choices were vast. The 'sex gang' had outdone itself in terms of attendance, perhaps because they too knew this was a momentous occasion that might never come along again.

Tom still couldn't believe that, only tonight, his dick had already visited every single pussy in the room.

It might be Myriam who would get the final load. She had certainly earned it, given not only the fact she had started this entire scene by getting Tom into the gang, but also because she had been able to get Dana to accept that Tom had been fucking one of his students. For many, Myriam was the cornerstone of the group. It might not survive without her presence and wit. She was the one who mostly planned everything. Her relaxed attitude towards sex and her ability to separate it from attachment made her the perfect planner.

It might also be Rebecca, the right-hand woman of the group, always ready to provide support or just a tempered comment that allowed all the participants to put their involvement in context. It was easy, in such activities, to let emotions run wild. Rebecca kept a cool head and allowed everyone to do so through her intelligent remarks. The fact she was Myriam's roommate also helped set the tone for all the activities as her insights were often included in the planning.

Tina certainly deserved a mention, having met Tom at the bar at the beginning, and having constantly encouraged him with positivity and smiles. The petite girl was a wildfire in bed, always eager to please and be pleased, and she wanted nothing but the best for every one of her friends. She adored the fact that their intimacy was part of that friendship, and she shared that love openly, making her a favorite.

The red-haired Lea could claim that she had met Tom quickly. While her contributions to the group mostly involved her attendance given her full-time work as a a beautician, no one would deny she had her place among the gang. Her touch was soft or hard as needed; she was used to making people feel pretty and desired, and she carried that in every sexual or non-sexual interaction she partook in.

Had Aisha been present (she was sadly forced to work that evening), she would also have been a perfect contender. Her competitive nature was only outdone by her charm and the seductive color of her dark skin. She knew to seize every opportunity for fun and she knew that it was only truly fun if it was shared with others. Tom would definitely have considered her had she been able to attend.

Thea was also Thea on the short list, obviously; the tall blonde always made sure to provide her partners with as much energy and motivation as she herself had. She was smart and she brought that intelligence to her play, making innuendo that much more erotic and satisfying. This evening, she had already collected one of Tom's ejaculations inside her, though this by no means disqualified her for this time around.

The hispanic Mariella was eager to get it too, and she would have made a great contender. Perhaps the most competitive of all, she brought out a fierceness in herself and others that made interactions that much more vivifying. Passion was her way of being and she would never back from a dare or a desire, living life fully in all directions at the same time.

The slightly older realtor woman, Amanda, who was into roleplaying, would definitely have enjoyed it, had her family obligations not kept her away from the night. She was an obvious facilitator and it was clear she enjoyed the power she gained from it, just as much as she enjoyed being subjected to such power. Alas, she would not be on the available choices tonight.

Isis also stood a good chance of being picked, being the newest addition to the team, exotic in her features. She almost felt like a forbidden despite being a stripper where Aisha worked; she too had earlier been pumped full of fluids by Tom as he rammed her pussy hard. She certainly wouldn't be averse to another load.

However, there really was only one choice that made sense to Tom, even though all the others were equally tempting. Lois. The accountant that had intercepted Dana in the hall and brought her into the fold somehow. It was appropriate for her to be the last one - the transitional element of the narrative that this sex activity had become.

Tom pushed the dark-haired accountant onto her back even as the others watched, only slightly jealous of Tom's pick; she parted her legs as wide as they would go and exposed her pink to his dick. It slid in effortlessly and Tom lowered his face onto hers. 

"Dana... told me to thank you for the other night..."

"Oh... she's so thoughtful," Lois commented.

Tom began pounding on what he believed would be the orgasm to end all orgasms. The women in the room cheered him on, eager to watch his eyes roll back and his mouth open wide as the climax reached him; and Tom stared down at Lois' gorgeous frame, and it reminded him considerably of Dana's body which he had plowed in the exact same position no later than this afternoon - and a few times before as well.

*******************

"Oh my god, Tom! Oh my god!"

Dana was lying on her back as her lover pounded fiercely into her hole. She had already climaxed once that morning, in a different position, and Tom had been able to sustain the effort that much longer.

It was Thursday morning and everything was bliss. Tom and Dana had returned to her place not long after supper the previous day; a meal shared with all the girls that had been able to attend the sex gang on the Wednesday. Eaten at a public restaurant. Laughing. Smiling. No innuendo whatsoever. The perfect cover to what had transpired in the afternoon. Dana had called her mom during the meal to let her know that she would pick up her son the next day and to keep him overnight. 'It was settled,' she told her mother on the phone.

That night, Tom and Dana had talked plentily about what had transpired, the impropriety of his relationship with Myriam, the fact that he had entertained so many girls for so many weeks almost behind her back (but not quite). There was no judgement in what Dana said during that conversation: she merely stated facts in evidence and Tom denied none of them.

"Do you love them?" Dana asked.

"Yes," he honestly replied. "But I'm not in love with them."

She accepted his statement at face value.

"What's next for you and them?" she asked again.

"Friday night," he answered. "Last thing before the end of break week."

"I won't be there," she said, "but you can go. Have fun."

The tone was much more serene. Tom couldn't simply let it go. Communication was paramount.

"What happened with Lois? With Myriam?"

"I had sex with Lois... well, she had sex with me. She... fingered me. Made me come. It was... very nice. As for Myriam - we just talked. There was no time to get into it. But I made her understand what she had done, and the implications of her actions. You never talked to her about it."

"No," he confessed. "To be frank, I was afraid she would call it off."

"She almost did. But Tom... I love you. I would never hurt you. You could have told me."

"I could have," he agreed, "but I was so afraid of your reaction."

He explained himself further.

"At first, I didn't think about it because you weren't in my life that way. Then, we decided to be together for more than just casual sex, it became a chain I was dragging around. That was when it really started to bother me. And when Myriam entered my life, well... I was vulnerable. I allowed myself to be used. I have no other excuse."

"I'm not looking for one," she commented. "But I value the honesty."

"I said I'd be honest and I have always done my best."

She smiled at him, grabbing his hand.

"The song says: if you love somebody, set them free."

"Sting."

"Yeap. There's also a chinese proverb or something about that. My point is, a relationship is not a prison. I love you Tom, but that's why I never asked you to stop seeing them. It has to come from you. When you're ready - if you ever are, you will. I love you regardless of your actions. I love your soul and your character, and yes, you're a pervert, but everyone is. I am too. And I saw the way you played with these girls... you really do care for their well-being, and not just for the pleasure you give and take."

"I try."

Tom didn't need to ask the follow-up question anymore.

"You can be as open as you want, Dana... it applies to you too. I love you dearly and... honestly, I want to move in with you and David. It might mean less sex because he'll be around but that doesn't matter."

"Let's not rush it," Dana commented. "Maybe after Christmas?"

"I'd like that... still a few months so it gives us time to plan."

She kissed him.

"As open as I want, then?" she repeated his statement.

"Yeap. Other men if you want. I don't mind. I don't have a leg to stand on in that department."

"Well, there's no need or rush," Dana commented. "The door is open and that's really all it's about. As long as we're candid about this."

They hadn't made love that night, simply cuddling in front of a movie and whittling away the hours in quiet company.

That Thursday morning, however...

"Ugh... Dana... I'm coming..."

"Fill me up, you filthy beast!" she overplayed it.

Powerful pleasure rose into Tom as his rod emptied into Dana's warm folds; she wrapped her lips against his as he finished pounding into her and slowed to a crawl, then a stop.

The two of them stayed in this position for a while, reveling in the intimacy and closeness, until it became obvious they needed to get up. Dana had a court appointment.

"Do you want me to come along?"

"Yes," she merely replied, changing her tune from all the previous conversations.

Things had changed. At first, Dana didn't want Tom to be part of that aspect of her life. She felt like she needed to fight it on her own - that she didn't want to impose it on him.

It was a difficult scene to witness, let alone to be in. Randi, the ex-husband, did his best to paint Dana as a bad mother. There were minor instances of incorrect behavior to be singled out of course, and Dana could have done the same to her former partner, discrediting his character. With Tom sitting right behind her in the courtroom, she remained calm as she spoke of her son's best interests, while Randi spoke of money. Tom stared at the judge all this time, confidently supporting the woman he loved.

It took only a few minutes for the judge to consider the arguments. He wasn't impressed by Randi's attempt at defaming Dana's character. He wasn't impressed by his focus on her salary which was greater than is. He did take into consideration that Randi's current partner wasn't in the room to support him in his bid, whereas Tom firmly stood behind the mother, whose appeal was perhaps more emotional but solely about her child's needs. She wasn't asking for any money to help raise her child.

"It's clear to me," the judge finally said, "that the child's best interests are served with his mother, and so I'm awarding full custody of David Price-Foster to the mother, with the father retaining visitation rights to be discussed at a later time. I recommend both parents seek counselling to resolve the lingering issues."

Randi was pissed; Dana acquiesced to the judge's request with as much decorum as she could. When Randi stormed out, refusing to speak to his ex-wife, it certainly didn't reflect well on his character.

Dana and Tom walked out hand-in-hand, and they went to get David who was yet again with his grandmother, Claire Foster. She greeted them in her home with a small snack and some tea. Dana related the court tale to her mother.

"So it's settled?"

"For now," Dana said. "Randi will probably appeal."

"He'll try!" Claire replied. "And you! I don't know what kind of spell you cast on my daughter but I want to thank you for it. She's never been so confident."

"If I cast a spell on her," Tom argued, "then she cast one on me."

They hung around until supper, with Tom spending some quality time with David, playing Legos in his room. Eventually, he left, not before planting lavish kisses on Dana.

"I'll see you Saturday," she told him.

*******************

Tom remembered vividly the dream from last Friday night, the one he had revisited on Wednesday when the 'sex gang' had surprised him with their schoolgirl simulation.

He had tried, after the fact, to pen it down on the computer much like he had compiled everything else. He had given up on the idea within moments, failing to get the point anymore. How could one condense such vivid experiences in so restrictive terms. The events as a whole would inhabit him the rest of his life, and they might dilute in detail but they would also echo back to him whenever he wanted them to.

Mostly, he wanted to relish in the memories of these wonderful weeks which were coming to an end. It was part of the agreement made with Dana and the others. Tom didn't mind: he certainly had no regrets.

On that Saturday almost noon, he waited on the park bench. He saw her coming up to him and got up, hugged her, kissed her gently - in public. It didn't matter today. Besides, there weren't any people they knew around.

"I've made a choice," Myriam said as she sat down beside him.

After last night's sex games, she had dragged him away from the gaggle of naked girls and asked to speak privately. They had set up this not-so-early meeting. Tom waited for her words.

"I'm dropping your class."

"Why?" he asked, surprised.

"I love it, and you're a great teacher, but Tom... it's the only reasonable thing to do. I talked with Dana about it.

"Did she put you up to it?" Tom asked hers.

"No. In fact, she said I should stay in your class and just act as if nothing had happened. But Tom... it did happen, and I really do like you. Not as boyfriend material but, all the same... I really messed up there and I want to fix it."

Tom perfectly understood the sentiment because he shared it. For weeks, he had carried the guilt of the impropriety of their relationship. However, he didn't share in her conclusion.

"Myriam, we've already agreed that we weren't seeing each other that way anymore."

"I know but... but then maybe we could, no?"

Tom was impressed at the impression he had left on the girls. He certainly hadn't expected so many to become so emotional after he had told them of his decision. Every girl had opted to respect it and him, as reluctant as they had appeared - everyone except Myriam perhaps, the instigator.

"Now that Dana's in on it too... you can bring her in! And if I'm no longer your student, there's no more impropriety."

"No," Tom insisted. "You're going to finish my class, and you're going to work your ass off to get the best possible grade."

"I am?" she looked at him quizzically.

Tom picked up his phone and dialed a number. Not far from there, between the woods, a phone rang. Myriam watched Dana step out from beyond the line of trees, walking slowly, wearing a smile on her lips. Myriam's gaze wandered between the two: this was clearly an ambush of some kind.

She just didn't know what it was about.

***

Christmas came around, then New Year's. On Christmas Eve, Dana took Tom to her mother's place; the next day, Tom met the rest of the extended family, uncles and aunts, cousins, friends. He was also introduced to Dana's first child, the all-grown up Beatrice. Tom couldn't help but stare at the gorgeous girl, though he didn't hide it from Dana. She knew he respected her too much - but that stare, when thinking of all those other girls, coudn't be helped.

A few days later, Tom introduced Dana to his own parents and they were extremely pleased to meet the woman who had made their son so happy.

After New Years', on the Second day of 2018, Tom and Dana moved in together. Their new flat was much bigger; an apartment on two floors. Upstairs were a bathroom and three bedrooms: one for them, one for David and one for guests. Dana's nine year-old son ran around the place for a while as the furniture was set in. The main floor was an open area supported with columns. One could see through from the kitchen to the front door; the stairs leading up were unobtrusively set in the back.

That first weekend, when David was at his father's place and out of the apartment, Dana and Tom christened every room (except the son's bedroom which was deemed off-limits for any sexual activities).

On Sunday evening, Dana picked up her son and took him to her mother's place. Claire was only too eager to babysit her adorable grandchild, and David was only too pleased to spend time with his hip grandmother.

When Dana returned, the guest had already arrived. She was seated in the couch, facing the television, and Tom was entertaining her.

"It's an amazing place place you got here," Myriam was saying.

"It was a steal," Tom said, getting up to greet his girlfriend.

They kissed; as Myriam rose, Dana kissed her too.

"So glad you could be here," Dana said to Tom's former student.

"I'm glad you invited me."

"Well," Tom argued, "you did get an 83% in my class, and you didn't have to do anything for it but do your best. I'm very proud of you. Inviting you over was the least I could do."

Myriam bowed. Dana cast a furtive glance at Tom, then she pushed Myriam back onto the couch.

"Oooh!" Myriam let out.

Without hesitation, Dana climbed over Myriam, straddling her as she leaned in to kiss her. Tom watched with trepidation the oral exchange between his former mentor and former student.

"You have certainly earned a reward," Dana said.

"Wow," Myriam mumbled. "You're on fire."

"I've been thinking of this all day," Dana commented. "You know... I haven't done anything with a girl since Fall break. I could do with a refresher."

"I'm happy to help," Myriam said before returning to the kisses.

Tom pulled off his shirt, admiring his tighter core and muscles. Following Dana's training had certainly improved his physique and health; he contemplated the sight of the women kissing even as Myriam pulled off Dana's t-shirt, revealing that she wore nothing underneath. Instinctively, Myriam's mouth went to the puffy nipples of the older woman and she gently bit on them, making Dana moan in the process. As a response, Dana also lifted Myriam's top, revealing a lacy pink bra that provided gorgeous curves. A moment later, that bra was on the floor, and it was Dana licking and biting Myriam's nipples.

Tom unbuckled his pants and dropped them; a tent was forming in his underwear.
