 PRELUDE

Susan Quantrill or Susie Q as she was known to her co-workers was on her way to Wes Simon's office. He was one of the VPs in the company and they had been having an affair for over a month. Susie suspected that his dyke assistant Crystal would be there that morning as well. She arrived at the office and knocked on the door. Wes called for her to come in and when she entered, she saw Crystal. Susie stepped inside and Crystal closed and locked the door behind her. 

"Good morning Susie," Wes greeted her.

"Good morning Wes."

"Did you let that pig of a husband touch you this morning?" Crystal joked.

"No, I told you that we haven't had sex in months."

"Did you do as you were told and get your ass and pussy squeaky clean?"

"Yes Crystal, I douched both this morning."

"That's a good girl; now hold up your dress so that I can take your panties off."

Susie lifted her dress with the full skirt above her waist. She was wearing the thigh high hose with elastic tops that Wes had bought for her and her legs looked gorgeous in them. Crystal lowered the panties and Susie stepped out of them one leg at a time. Wes moved behind her and cupped her super fine buttocks. Susie could feel the other woman's breath on her thighs as the face neared her pussy. 

Wes massaged the lovely shapely ass cheeks as Crystal began to eat the cute brunette's pussy. Susie felt the hands leave her buttocks briefly but then returned after he knelt down behind her. Wes gently pried the curvy globes apart and stared at the pink nether hole. She felt his breath on her skin and she knew what was next. She gasped aloud when the tongue probed her anus. Crystal worked on her pussy and Wes on her ass until she was sure that she would faint along with her climax. 

"I can't hold my dress up any more. I need to hold onto something," she announced her voice cracking in the excitement.

Wes stood up and lifted the dress up and over her head. He placed it on an office chair and then returned to feast on Susie's scrumptious ass. She held onto Crystal's shoulders for balance as the redhead was relentless and soon had her coworker on the verge of a major orgasm. Susie felt a cool substance enter her anus and she knew that Wes was preparing her for his cock. He was always gentle with her and made certain she was well lubed before his put his big cock in her ass. She could still remember the first time he took her anally and she thought she would pass out from the pain. However that was a month ago and she had been well broken in since that first time.

He stood up behind her and eased his 7+" cock into her receptive ass. The soft mushroom head cleared her sphincter and then he fed it to her slowly. As soon as he penetrated her she climaxed and drenched Crystal's hungry mouth. The redheaded assistant gobbled up all the tasty nectar and kept right on eating the sweet pussy. Susie was capable of multiple orgasms and she knew she would climax again when she felt the warm semen flood her rectum.

Wes reached up and unhooked her bra and reached around to hold and fondle her perfect 32B breasts. He gently massaged them and tweaked her hard sensitive nipples. Susie was moaning, groaning and muttering odd sounds as she was overcome with lust. She felt the pubic hairs against her buttocks and she knew that he was now balls deep in her ass. Crystal had the hard throbbing clit in her mouth and Susie felt the familiar surge in her loins. When she felt the semen rush into her rectum she lost it and drenched the redhead's mouth a second time.

She nearly collapsed and would have if not for Wes holding her upright. He stepped away and she maintained her balance by holding onto Crystal's shoulders. Seconds later he was back with paper towels wiping the semen from her dilated anus. Her pussy was licked dry so there was no need to wipe her vagina. Wes helped her with her bra and she pulled her panties back on. He handed her the dress and she slipped it back over her head. 

"That is some way to start the business day," she sighed.

"Isn't it wonderful?" Crystal replied with a sultry smile and then reminded her, "We will see you after work won't we?"

"Yes, I will be there. Larry is playing poker tonight."

Susie left the office and returned to her area in the Marketing Department. Wes and Crystal looked over his calendar to see what his day looked like. Later that evening they would be in Wes's home with Susie for more sex and games. She had become their sex toy and they all enjoyed the arrangement. 

HOW IT BEGAN

The company had a huge black tie fund raiser at a major hotel in the city. Many executives and their wives were in attendance. Susie had been invited because she worked in Marketing but her husband declined to attend since he hated those events and he didn't want to rent a tuxedo. Wes was single so he was there alone also and he invited Susie to sit at his table. They hit it off and they danced together and enjoyed the other's company. He had booked a room at the hotel so he didn't have to drive home that night. When he invited Susie back to his room she accepted as she too had had a little too much wine.

She enjoyed another glass of wine with Wes and they talked about other topics than business. She was very comfortable in his presence and she loved his sense of humor and his professional demeanor. He was a very impressive young executive. Susie looked at her watch and decided that she should be going. Wes offered to walk her to the lobby but she said she would be fine. When they reached the hotel room door, Susie turned to Wes to thank him and say goodnight. For some reason she felt like kissing him so she reached up and put her arms around his neck.

Susie kissed him on the lips and at first he was taken by surprise, but then he kissed her back. She moaned when Wes's tongue entered her mouth and then she let her tongue slip into his mouth. She felt her body lifted off the ground and heard the sound of the hotel room door shut. He carried her straight to his bed and placed her on it. He laid bedside her and they resumed kissing. Wes was an excellent kisser and he soon had Susie's juices flowing and had her moaning. She kissed him back and her tongue danced with his when it entered her mouth. She knew that she shouldn't kiss him back but it felt good and she felt that she could always stop before things went too far.

However she didn't stop him from kissing her and she didn't stop him when his hands felt her pert breasts through her evening dress. It felt good to have his hands on her breasts as he kissed her and she felt she could always stop him. However she didn't stop him then and she didn't stop him when he lowered the top of her dress and removed her bra. Now her naked breasts were in his hands as they kissed and it felt so good. Wes caressed Susie's tits and tweaked her nipples with his fingers. She moaned and groaned in his mouth in response to the foreplay. He then moved his mouth to her tits and sucked gently on her nipples and placed loving kisses all over her breasts. She threw her head back on the bed and moaned.

She thought to herself, "This feels so good right now. I'll just let him do it a little bit longer and then I'll stop him." It had been so long since her husband had paid attention to her lovely sensitive breasts

Susie never did stop Wes. Not even when he unzipped her dress all the way and pulled it off of her body. In fact she subconsciously lifted her hips off the bed to make it easier for him. She also didn't stop him when he removed her pantyhose and panties at the same time. She also didn't stop him when he moved his head between her legs and placed his mouth on her sopping wet pussy. Instead she cradled his head in her hands and guided it to her vulva. God it felt good to have her pussy touched again.

Wes placed her thighs on her shoulders and dipped his tongue into her pussy. He moved his hands up around her legs and found her tits. He then began to lick and suck on her pussy as he gently fondled her breasts and tweaked her nipples. She had her head back and her eyes closed as she savored every moment of the skilled oral love making. Susie felt her climax building in her body and she knew that she was on the verge of a massive orgasm. She tried to think of ways to delay her orgasm as she wanted the foreplay to last forever but she was too far gone. 

"Oh God, oh God, this is going to be a big one," she called out.

Wes fastened his mouth to her pussy as he prepared to stay with her throughout her climax. She screamed and grabbed his head first to hold it tight and then to push it away as her crescendo rocked her body. But she could not push his head away and he kept at her pussy as she had one orgasm after the other. Susie drenched his face with her female nectar and her body trembled as chills ran through her. He kept right on eating her after she had cum and the sensation became too intense for her. She was not strong enough to push his head away so she begged him to stop eating her pussy.

"Wes, please stop. I can't cum anymore. Please I can't take anymore!"

Wes stopped and then he stood up leaving her to recover on the bed. He took off the rest of his tuxedo and underwear and then returned to her. She felt his erect cock brush against her body when he moved between her legs. Susie looked at his big erect cock as it stood out from his body. She quickly assessed that it was over 7". He eased his cock into her pussy and she wrapped her arms and legs around his body. It felt so good to be filled with a large cock. He took his time fucking her although he was so turned on that he came quickly. She felt cum shoot into her womb and it had been quite a while since she felt that much of it surge into her. 

Wes remained hard after he ejaculated and continued to fuck her. Now he could pace himself and bring her pleasure as he wanted this to be a moment that she wouldn't soon forget. He fucked her keeping his cock in constant contact with her clit and she had a string of orgasms. Exhausted and sated, she couldn't remember ever being fucked like that and cumming so many times. She felt him leave the bed for a few minutes. She closed her eyes feeling wonderful and sexually satisfied. 

Wes returned to the bedroom and he stood by the bed with his erect cock standing straight out from his body. He was proud of his body and he stood by the bed letting her admire it this time before he made his next move. He walked alongside the bed brining his cock closer to her head. Susie stared hungrily at his huge cock and then reached out with her petite hand to stroke it. She marveled at its size and compared it to her husband's smaller dick. He sighed as she masturbated him.

She leaned forward and her tongue snaked out and lapped at his ball sac lightly, then she gently licked up and down his shaft. Her tongue circled his cock head as she slowly took the head of his penis into her mouth. Her lips slid further down the shaft as she was able to take half of his cock in her mouth drawing a moan from him. They hadn't spoken a word to each other since they had kissed. Susie began to bob her head back and forth on his cock, sucking hard on his huge member and testing her gag line. She was able to get about six inches in her mouth. Susie slurped loudly on the dick as her soft lips glided smoothly up and down his long cock.

Wes stood before the shapely Susie as she sucked ravenously on his impressive cock. Her hand cupped his balls and gently caressed them as her tongue licked at the head of his dick each time it came out of her mouth. He placed his hands on the back of her head and guided her as she gave him an incredible blowjob. He loved the way she sucked his cock. She was so hot and he couldn't believe his good fortune as he held her hair back to watch her pretty face and sensuous mouth. She kept her eyes closed with her lips snugly wrapped around his shaft as she bobbed back and forth. She was still incredibly turned on and her pussy was soaked. 

Wes brought excitement into her life that night and Susie now realized that she would be addicted to him. She was so enamored with his impressive cock; she found that she loved to suck on it. She was desperate to please him and to make him cum. Although she didn't normally get into cock sucking that much, she wanted this to be his best blow job ever. She put all her efforts into it and it did not take long to bring him to the edge.

Wes announced that he was cumming and Susie clamped down on his cock determined to swallow every drop of his seed. She could feel his cock jerk in her hand as volley after volley bounced off the back of her throat. She swallowed as quickly as she could and did not allow a drop to escape her mouth. She continued to suck on his cock milking it dry of his sperm. Next she took the cock from her mouth and he watched as she squeezed more cum out the end of his dick. Susie then wrapped her lips around it and sucked his man juice dry. She nibbled on his dick head causing him to shiver and he pushed her away. His cock stayed hard and she marveled at the impressive organ before her. She lay back on the bed and displayed her beautiful neatly trimmed pussy to him.

Wes knelt before Susie at the end of her bed and kissed her from her knee up her soft thighs towards her womanhood. He took in the lovely smell of her as he kissed her smooth creamy white skin just beside her vagina. She was in a state of ecstasy and her heart pounded as she watched. Her cunt lips quivered as he teased them with his tongue and kissed her everywhere she desired. His tongue was long and probed deep into the inner walls of her pussy.

Susie ran her hands over her body cupping her breasts and rolling her nipples between her fingertips. Wes sucked her cunt lips into his mouth as his tongue snaked around in her snatch. He still had not made contact with her clit and she desperately needed his tongue or his cock to touch her clit. She moaned in pleasure and frustration as he continued to tease her. He again wiggled his tongue deep within her pussy before finally nudging her clit. She jumped when a spark of pleasure shot through her body. He slid his hands under her curvy ass and lovingly cupped her shapely ass cheeks. He sucked her clit into his mouth and held it between his lips as he ran his tongue over the hard little pearl. She arched her back as she felt her orgasm approach.

"Oh yes, oh yes," she called out as a new wave rocked her body.

Susie grabbed Wes's head with both hands and pulled his face harder into her crotch. She vigorously humped his face as his tongue danced over her super sensitive cit. Her thighs clamped around his head and her entire body trembled as she came again almost violently. She felt her pussy pulsating as she covered Wes's face with her female juices. Finally she collapsed back on the bed releasing him in the process.

"Oh my God," she moaned.

Wes raised himself up and knelt between her legs. His huge cock looked intimidating as it hovered above her hips.

"Are you ready for this again?" he asked smiling confidently.

"Oh yes, yes please, make love to me now," she pleaded. 

Wes held his cock and lined up the swollen head with the entrance to her sex. He pushed forward slightly allowing her tight cunt lips to open up for his impressive cock. He was about half way in when he pulled out and then slowly eased back into her causing her to moan in pleasure. He would push in a little and then pull out a little slowly working his cock deeper and deeper into her vagina. Finally his entire cock was buried in her and she sighed feeling completely full it was a fantastic sensation for her to be this full.

He held himself inside her waiting for her to start fucking him. He looked down at her and smiled and then she pulled him down to her and they kissed deeply with their tongues playing with one another. Susie was ready to be fucked and she needed his big dick to slide in and out of her and rub her clit. She began to move and he fucked her using long slow hard strokes. She locked her legs around his torso and pulled him into her. He began to fuck her harder and faster and she felt another orgasm on its way. She was at the mercy of his stiff organ as it pounded her pussy. If he hadn't already cum twice, he would not have been able to hold on as long as he did. She was so hot that she squeezed him with her tight pussy; she was really a good fuck. He fucked through her one orgasm after another before he finally slipped his cock from her womb. She felt the void in her cunt as his cock left her body and she gasped as the coolness of the air touched her vacant pussy.

He left her to rest and recover as he got a drink from the mini-bar. She moved around in the bed sensuously and he liked looking at her shapely body. After several minutes she got up and went into the bathroom. Wes checked out her ass and he liked what he saw. He decided the next time he would make a play for her bottom to see if she was receptive. Susie took a rinse off in the shower, dried her body and returned to the bedroom to get dressed. Wes had put his boxer underwear back on and was seated in one of the chairs.

"I can take you home if you like. Are you going to be okay driving?"

"Yes, I'll be fine. Thanks anyway but that love making definitely sobered me up."

She put her evening dress back on and checked her appearance in the mirror. Satisfied that she was presentable she said good night to Wes and left the room. On the elevator ride to the lobby she thought about her husband and realized that she hadn't all the time she was with Wes. It had been months since she and Larry made love and she had definitely needed it. She justified her infidelity with Wes by blaming her husband for ignoring her. She got to the lobby and handed the parking ticket to the valet. She drove home and was anxious to get to bed and get a good night's sleep. When she arrived home Larry was already asleep and it was clear to her that he didn't care what time she got home. Within minutes she was out of her evening wear and into her sleepwear. She fell asleep wondering where things would go with Wes after that night. 

WES AND CRYSTAL

Crystal was a lesbian with an anal fetish. Wes was the only guy to ever fuck her ass and she loved it. She liked him because he never expected more from her as she was not into regular sex or blow jobs. When she was really hot she would have him eat her pussy. He was also the only guy she allowed to do that. On Monday mornings Wes would prepare for the senior management meeting that began at noon. He kept his calendar clear to read the admin report and in case Crystal was horny that morning.

If she did not score with girls to her liking she would arrive Monday morning ready for action. This Monday was one of those days. Wes locked his office door with the dead bolt and placed a door stop underneath. He didn't expect to be interrupted but security had a master key and he wasn't taking any chances. As he secured the door, Crystal leaned over the conference table awaiting his return.

"I douched my both ass and pussy this morning."

"Are you trying to tell me something?"

"Just that I am squeaky clean in case you want to use your tongue somewhere."

"I see. Are you telling me that you would like me to rim your sweet anus and make love to your lovely bottom?"

"Only is you want to," Crystal replied in a shaky voice. 

Crystal moaned as she was bent over with her ass in the air. She knew what was coming and her heart began to pound in her chest. Wes raised her dress and draped over her back and knelt behind her taking in her beauty. Crystal was an attractive 35 year old woman. She had an athletic figure with small breasts, flat belly, shapely legs and a marvelous ass. She was 5'5" tall and weighed a very fit 130 pounds. A gasp escaped Wes's lips as he stared at her panty-covered ass. She was wearing his favorite pantyhose and panties. The crotch less pantyhose had side panels that attached to the waist band creating a frame for her gorgeous ass. The silk panties barely covered her cheeks. There was a beautiful contrast of her light blue panties, white cheeks and brown hose. 
