 "Tell me your deepest darkest fantasy."

Sheri looked at the words for the longest time. They thrilled her but at the same time terrified her. Ideas whirled through her mind but she hesitated to speak them. She was afraid of what would happen once she spoke them. Once they were out she wouldn't be able to put them back in. What if this man who drew her in so much didn't talk to her any more once he realised that she was a dirty slut on the inside?

"Are you still there?" The line of text brought her out of her reverie.

"Yes, I am thinking," she typed quickly. 

"It doesn't matter how dirty it is. I love a woman who knows how to enjoy herself." 

Sheri held her hands over the keyboard for long moments before she typed, "I would love to be taken by a man. Tied up, maybe blindfolded and then pleasured. Every way. By his tongue and his hands. I want to be fucked like a complete slut." She pressed send and waited. 

Sitting on his couch Lucas felt his cock harden, pressing against the laptop resting on his knees. He looked at the photo on the side window of messenger. Neat blonde hair framed a doll like face. She had a classic butter wouldn't melt in her mouth look about her. The first time he had seen her photo he had been intrigued. What was a goody two shoes like her doing trolling around internet dating sites looking for single men?

"You would like a man to stroke every inch of you with his fingers and his tongue."

"Yes," the reply was almost instant.

"And then for him to kiss every part of you, before tasting that sweet pussy of yours."

"Yes."

"And then when you are almost screaming with the need of him you want to feel that tongue on your clit, lapping at your juice." Lucas had a raging hard on now.

"Yes."

"God that sounds hot. I would love to be that man," the last sentence slipped on to the screen before he had time to think. He sat tensely waiting for her response, worried that he may have spooked her.

"Really?"

"Yes really," he sighed with relief. She was full of surprises this lady. He loved it. "What does your husband think?" Another big hurdle he thought. May as well get them all out of the way.

"He is actually quite keen about me maybe doing this sometime. It is part of the reason I am on here."

A huge smile formed across Lucas' face. He had searched for a long time to find a woman like this. Even though he hadn't told her, this was his deepest, darkest fantasy. His fascination was to find a woman like Sheri and unlock the wanton hussy inside her. Once in his dark past he met a couple in a bar and gone home with them for a threesome. The woman had been insatiable. By the end of the night both he and her husband were exhausted. 

Ever since then he had dreamed of finding another woman with such unrestrained passion. They were hard to find. He didn't want a slut who would do anything for anyone. Instead he was searching for a nice girl; a female Dr Jekyll who could turn into Mr Hyde when the bedroom door was closed. Perhaps this woman would be like that. At the very least he could help her to find her dark wanton side.

"That is awesome. I am very glad to hear it."

"He wants me to get in touch with my sexy." The last comment was punctuated by a smiley face. "He says that I am too sexy for just one man and that I should spread the love a little."

Lucas smiled as he read her words. "How many men have you been with?"

"He was my first."

"Wow. How long have you been together?"

"About fifteen years now."

"That's a long time." Lucas' mind turned to his own ex-wife. They had managed to stay together for six years. His mind boggled at the thought of finding someone to be that devoted to for the rest of his life.

"We were young, the kids came along so quickly and then before we knew it here we were." He imagined her feeling a little sad as she typed. "It's not that I really want a replacement for Harry. I guess I just want to see what else is out there. All my friends say I missed out because I didn't play the field when I was young. Although sometimes I think I have a better sex life than them." The last sentence ended with a winky emoticon, her cheeky nature coming out.

"Well I don't know about you missing out but the men of the world have missed out if Harry snapped you up before they had a chance. You're gorgeous." He meant it. Lucas opened the folder where he kept the pictures she had sent him of herself dressed for a night out. The outfits she wore were fashionable but not what he would call sexy. They showed a minimum of cleavage and the hemlines were well below the knee. She was in her mid to late thirties, blonde, reasonably fit with beautiful full breasts.

"You are very kind to say that."

"It's true."

"Harry says I should learn to take a compliment better."

"I would very much like to meet you and Harry." It wasn't every day that Lucas met a woman like this. He didn't want to waste the opportunity. 

"I think that Harry and I would like to meet you as well." Lucas' heart skipped a beat and a smile spread across his face. He was definitely looking forward to following this opportunity to its outcome. They made plans to meet for a drink in a quiet hotel that was convenient for both of them and said their goodnights.

They met several days later at the appointed time and place. As he had suspected Harry was a little older. It turned out that Sheri was his second wife. Things made more sense now. The evening passed pleasantly. In person Sheri proved to be more beautiful than her photo but still Lucas sensed demure restraint in her. Even though she was a wife and a mother she still acted in a lot of ways like a virginal school girl. As they sat chatting he imagined what it would be like to scratch the polished surface and uncover the wanton slut underneath. A mental image of her sprawled naked on a bed with her hair strewn about and her legs spread wide beckoning him to fuck her gripped him. 

At one point in the evening she excused herself to visit the ladies. Both men watched her go for a few moments. 

"Your wife is very beautiful, you are a very lucky man." Jittery nerves threatened to take over Lucas' mind. "Yes she is." Harry mused for a moment. "I want you to take her and give her the fucking of a lifetime."

Despite the nervous tension between them Lucas was aroused at the thought of the prospect. "You don't want to participate?" He had been expecting them to make plans for a threesome. The idea of having her all to himself was a whole new concept for him. 

"No," Harry was calm with his response. Clearly he had given this some thought and had definite ideas about how he wanted things to be. He gave the impression that he was a man who was used to getting things the way he wanted them.

"She would like me to be there but I think she would be too distracted by me to let herself go and enjoy the moment. I want her to experience what it would be like to give in completely to her desires."

When Sheri returned to the table the men had made plans for the following weekend. Lucas quickly finished his drink and departed. The couple needed time to discuss what was about to happen. Lucas needed some time to work out a game plan.

Friday night came almost before he realised it. Lucas had elected to book a hotel for his activities so that they would both be on neutral territory. His focus for the evening was pleasuring her; he wanted her relaxed and not worrying about minor things like how clean the house was or where the bathroom was. Previous experience had taught him that focussing on the woman's pleasure without much concern for his own was the pathway to a deeper pleasure. He was very nervous knowing that he was the only man she had been with apart from her husband but he tried not to let that thought disturb him too much.

At the appointed time he knocked on the door of their house to be greeted by Harry. 

"Come in, she is ready." He led the way down the short hallway. 

Sheri was sitting on the couch dressed in a simple flowing gown that clung softly to her curves. As he walked over to her Lucas noticed that the poise and perfect grooming gave a false impression of having it together. Her eyes reminded him of a frightened rabbit that was ready to flee at the first sign of trouble.

With his hand outstretched he asked, "Are you ready?"

With a look at her husband she took a deep breath and took his hand. "I think so."

"I know you will look after her." Harry shook Lucas' hand briefly at the doorway. Lucas turned away to open the car door and to give the couple a moment together. 

"I want you to focus on yourself tonight."

Sheri nodded and quietly stepped into the car. As he closed the door Lucas looked into Harry's eyes,

"Thank you for sharing her."

"I believe the pleasure will ultimately be mine." Harry smiled at Lucas.

As they drove the short way to the hotel Lucas tried to make small talk but nerves had claimed Sheri's tongue. She sat clasping her hands in her lap. They parked and Lucas walked around to open her door. Taking her hand he helped her out of the car and pulled her around to stand in front of him. Their faces were millimetres apart. The vibrations of her sexual energy sparked a twinge in Lucas and he leaned forward to explore her mouth tentatively with his own. He leaned forward and trailed small kisses down the side of her neck. Her body bent towards his and a small sigh escaped her lips. 

"I think we need to take this upstairs." Gently he took her hand and led her to the elevator. Once they were inside the hotel room he led her to the bed. Without hurrying he unzipped her dress and slid it over her shoulders. Underneath she wore white lace bra and matching panties. The feeling of being with a virgin increased. In his pants Lucas felt a throb at the thought of the wanton woman he planned to make of her. 

He bent and kissed her nipples through the lace of her garment. Her lips parted with a small gasp and he felt her nipple harden against his lips. Her hands rested on his shoulders pressing him gently against her chest. Standing up he looked into her eyes as he stroked her breast, slipping his fingers inside to gently pinch her nipple. Her eyes widened at the unexpected sensation and her grip on his shoulder tightened. 

Keeping one hand inside her bra he reached behind her to undo the clasp. The lace sagged open and he slipped the straps from her shoulders. Her breasts filled his waiting hands as the garment fell to the floor. He cupped the firm flesh in his palm as he looked at her standing in front of him in her white lace panties. 

Gently he pushed her down to sit on the bed and tied her hands behind her back.

"Tonight is all about you," he whispered. "It is about me giving you pleasure like this." He bent and took her nipple into his mouth. The firm node hardened against his tongue and he sucked gently on her. Her gasps of pleasure turned into small moans. 

Encouraged, he stroked her belly, slipping his fingers into the waistband of her panties. Her legs fell open and he smelled a faint musk of her desire. He took his hand out of her knickers and stroked the opening of her pussy through the fabric of her panties. A jolt went through him as his fingers snagged on the damp fabric. He bent down and put his mouth on her crotch so that he could inhale the scent of her arousal. Cheekily he probed his tongue against the fabric, teasing her. She gave a mewling cry and thrust her pelvis against his mouth. 

He continued to tease her for a few moments before he raised himself so that they were face to face. Their foreheads rested together for a few moments before he wrapped his arms around her and placed his mouth over hers. She kissed him passionately mashing her lips against his and probing her tongue into his mouth. Restraint and caution were thrown to the wind now. Lucas almost tore the buttons off his shirt removing it he was so desperate to feel his naked skin against hers. His fingers fumbled at the buckle of his belt as he pushed his jeans down over his massive erection. Breaking apart from their kiss he stood before her in his boxers with his jeans around his ankles.

With a seductive smile she leaned forward and bit gently at the bulge through the fabric. He groaned in pleasure and frustration as the fabric muted the feeling of her teeth and lips on his throbbing cock. He ached to feel those lips around the hot cock but she wasn't craving him yet. Giving in to the temptation would be cheating. If he teased her more until she was gagging for him the pleasure would be greater. 

He kneeled down in front of her again and hooked his thumbs into the waist of her panties. Awkwardly she fell back onto the bed and raised her hips so that he could slip them down over her knees. He kneeled over her adjusting the rope so that her hands were above her head, teasing her lips with his cock. 

Manoeuvring himself between her legs he pressed her knees wide apart to expose her glistening, pink pussy. He traced his finger over her outer folds, teasing before grazing the outer cover of her clit with the tip of his finger. She moaned and arched her back with the want of him. In response he inserted the tip of his finger into her wet opening to stroke the ridges of skin there. Her moans increased slightly and he felt her muscles tightening around him. 

With his tongue he stroked around her outer lips, sucking them into his mouth. Her taste was clean and sweet and he pressed his lips together, teasing the hard node he felt there, sucking it in and out.

"Oh god that is fucking good," she gasped out to him. "I don't know what you are doing but don't stop.

He continued to finger her as he sucked her growing clit into his mouth. All around his hand the lips of her cunt swelled with her arousal, like a flower opening. He opened his mouth slightly and deftly teased her clit from under its hood so that he could stroke it with his tongue. His finger worked against the swelling node in her cunt. With a loud cry she pushed against him and a jet of liquid shot into his mouth and covered his face. 

Greedily he lapped at her, drinking the clear salt tasting juice down. After a few seconds she arched her back and gushed out over his hand again. 

"Oh Jesus, I can't stop myself cumming. It feels so good." 

Smiling, Lucas leaned over her. He kept his fingers inside her gently stroking, "You like that?"

"Oh God it is the best feeling." 

"How much do you want my cock now?"

"I want to taste your cock in my mouth."

He sat her up with her bound hands resting on her lap and stood in front of her. His cock was straining against the fabric of his boxers and she mouthed him as she had before, pulling at the fabric with her teeth. Deftly he slipped the boxers down to his feet and kicked them away to the corner of the room. Arched out in front of him was his cock. He moaned softly as he watched her tongue lap at the clear pre-cum on the tip. With great effort he held back from thrusting into her mouth, he wanted her to take him. Her red lips opened and slid down over his shaft. Surprisingly she took most of his length into her mouth, sucking him greedily down into her throat. The silk feeling of pleasure consumed him. It was difficult to stop his knees from buckling under him as she sucked. 

Watching her cum and feeling her juice gushing over his face and hands had aroused him beyond belief. Now, as he watched her greedily sucking down his ample length he knew she was enjoying herself and becoming a slave to her desires. For a fleeting moment he thought of the prim blonde woman in the photo at home on his computer. There was no way that she was the same woman who had just gushed her juice over his hand and was now greedily sucking his cock down the back of her throat. 

She sucked him deeply, gorging herself on his cock making small moans against his belly as she sucked. Saliva coated her lips and he watched fascinated as she moved her head up and down the length of his shaft. He could have so easily let himself go and shot his cum down her throat or better over her face. The thought of her beautiful face looking up at him covered in cum almost made him lose himself then and there. But the night was about her. With an effort he held back. Only when she was completely and totally satiated would he allow himself to cum.

With regret he pulled out of her mouth. She clasped her lips around his shaft and they slid easily along his soft skin. For a moment she looked up at him with her mouth resting against his cock. He bent down and helped her to stand before turning her around so that she could kneel on the bed in front of him. She rested her head on her forearms. Her beautiful round butt was displayed in front of him. She had full, round cheeks, opening to give a hint of her swollen aroused pussy between her legs. He bent his hips forward to stroke her wet opening with the tip of his cock. 

She backed against him hungrily. He slapped one cheek gently with his open palm,

"You greedy girl," he gritted his teeth with the effort it took him not to plunge into that beautiful wet opening.

She moaned softly.

"Tell me how bad you are." He gripped her ass with his fingers spread wide.

"I am so naughty," she whimpered softly into her arms. "I have been so bad this week thinking about fucking your cock."

"You are very bad." He raised his hand. "You deserve another spank for being so naughty." His palm came down on her white naked butt with a resounding slap. Her responding whimper aroused him further and he slapped her again and again.

"I want you to fuck me hard while you spank me." Her voice was just more than a whisper above the sound of the slaps. Lucas stopped and gripped her hips firmly with his hands. The tip of his cock slid inside her slick opening.

"How much do you want me?" Slowly millimetre by millimetre he eased his length into her. Her heat was intense.

"Please, please fuck me. I want to feel your gorgeous cock pounding into me." 

Lucas squeezed her hips harder it was becoming almost impossible for him not to let go and fuck her as hard as he wanted to. He slapped her harder, leaving a faint red mark on her butt cheek. "You are a very bad girl but I don't think you deserve a pounding though."

"Please," she whispered. "I have masturbated every night thinking about you." She pushed against his hands trying to take more of his length into herself but he held her firmly controlling his entry. "When I lie in bed I pound my vibrator into myself thinking about you."

There was a stinging sound as he slapped her harder before he leaned down and wrapped her hair around his hand. He pounded the last few centimetres into her before holding her firmly against him, with her hot wet pussy fully covering his shaft. 

"You are such a bad girl. I think I will have to fuck you hard."

Lucas let himself go nothing mattered now except this hot wet pussy and this round ass in front of him. As he pounded into her he slapped her butt with his open palm. With each slap she gave a little cry of pleasure / pain. 

She turned to look at him. Her face showed her pleasure and animal desire of him. "Fuck me," she almost growled at him. 

His hand came down on her butt. "You dirty slut you really like that don't you."

"Yes," she screamed out the word between her moans of pleasure. He felt her pussy contract around his cock as she came again, her juice gushing out of her to cover his belly and run down her legs. His cock made a wet sound as he kept pounding into her. Sheri's body undulated with waves of pleasure.

"Oh God I can't stop cuuuuuming!" she screamed as a second wave gripped her. The bed beneath her knees was saturated with her juice. 

Lucas pulled out of her and flipped her onto her back. She lay with her hands above her head and her legs splayed wide. He lifted her legs to rest one on each shoulder. This time there was no teasing he thrust straight into her deep hot well. Her breasts jiggled in time to his thrusts and her head tossed from side to side. 
