 My first few weeks at University were one long party. I think I made it to a few lectures but it was mainly getting drunk and getting to know the 18 people who I shared a kitchen with on my corridor. All of them were great but there was one girl I just couldn't keep my eyes off, Sarah. At about 5'5 and blonde with a gorgeous curvy figure she was sexy as hell and to make it worse for me we got on like a house on fire! Unfortunately if became clear in the first few days that, despite the heavy flirting, she was off limits with a long-term boyfriend, Andy, who would be visiting very shortly.

When he arrived I thought I'd be incredibly jealous and hate the guy, but the first night we went out together the 3 of us got on great and were the last ones standing, staggering back to our halls in the early ours of the morning. They fell giggling into her room and I went back to mine, crashing on my bed and wishing I could have been the one sharing her bed that night. Those thoughts soon had my hand inside my jeans stroking my hardening cock, fantasizing what she'd be like naked, how it would feel to be inside her.

The beep of my mobile brought me quickly back to the real world, it was a message from Sarah.

'Me and Andy both had a brilliant night, it doesn't have to stop if you want to join us! My room will be unlocked for the next ten minutes. Hope you come.' She sent.

It took a few seconds to register what I'd read. This was just Sarah's type of humour trying to wind me up! Well I'd show her, see how far I could push her and Andy! I marched of down to corridor to her room ready to show them I couldn't be wound up that easily.

As I opened the door I was in for the shock of my life... there was Sarah, naked on her hands and knees getting fucked from behind, doggy style by Adam. She looked so hot, moaning and whimpering as he thrust his cock into her, making her gorgeous, big breasts bounce. Adam was obviously enjoying it too, his face in a state of pleasure as his 6ft toned body arched back and forth to give it to Sarah with the power she obviously loved. They both looked up and smiled.

'Glad you decided to join us Paul.' Sarah whispered breathlessly

Now not for one minute did I think before this that Sarah's early message was actually real. I was in a situation I'd not imagined before, sure I wanted Sarah desperately, but I never thought I'd be fucking her in the presence of her boyfriend. My threesome fantasies had always strictly been me and two girls.

It didn't take me long to make up my mind. What else is University for if not new experiences?! I stripped off down to my boxers. Just over 6ft, blonde hair, broad shoulders and a body I looked after, I was sure they liked what they saw. I took a few steps closer to Sarah until I was just in front of her face, my erection now stretching the material of my boxers. With a mischievous giggle she yanked them down around my ankles letting my thick 7-inch cock spring free. Her mouth found my dick almost as quickly as my hands found her hair and before long Sarah was getting fucked at both ends, with my dick getting the sucking of it's life. Her tongue was amazing and she expertly took the entire length of it with no trouble, I was in heaven and the presence of her boyfriend didn't bother me at all. If anything the kinkiness of the situation just turned me on more. After all what man can question a position where a hot girl's warm wet mouth if pleasuring his penis?

After a few minutes of me fucking her face and Andy her pussy his pace stepped up and it was clear that he was about to shoot his load into Sarah.

'Ohhhh God I'm going to cum!' he cried and I could feel his thrusts into Sarah as he came hard inside her. This obviously sent Sarah over the edge, her moans of ecstasy only muffled by my dick still being expertly sucked as wave after wave of orgasm crashed through her.

Finally she let her mouth rest as I removed my dick and she gulped for air. I was still rock hard and desperately wanted to come but wasn't about to demand anything, this threesome concept was still a little new to me. It didn't take long for the two of them to recover and what happened next still gets me hard to this day. Sarah whispered into Andy's ear and her giggles were met with a smile from him.

'Do you trust us Paul? If so shut your eyes and we'll make sure you know how grateful we are for welcoming Andy so warmly tonight!' Sarah said seductively

'Sure!' I replied, just hoping that whatever they had planned would offer my balls some release.

'Ok, now eyes tight shut and spread your legs a little further apart.' Sarah instructed.

In the mood to obey I did as she said and it wasn't long before the familiar feeling of Sarah sucking on my cock returned. This time licking up and down the length of my shaft, caressing my balls, teasing the head, she truly was an expert. Losing myself I'd forgotten about Andy. This was until I felt another pair of hands touching me from behind, firmly yet gently running up the insides of my legs and to my backside. I tensed a little, a guy had never touched me before, though I admit I had wondered what it would feel like in some of my kinkier fantasy sessions. With Sarah still sucking at my dick Andy began planting kisses up the inside of my legs before slowly parting my ass cheeks. A hand on the bottom of my back gently bent me over a little pushing my cock deeper into his girlfriend's mouth and exposing my asshole further. I felt the tip of Andy's tongue slowly begin to work my anus from behind.

I couldn't believe this was happening, I wish I could have been watching from the outside of this situation as a couple both on their knee's worked on me back and front. His tongue began to probe a little deeper. I'd had a few girls' fingers up there before but never a tongue and it felt amazing. Sarah really began to go to work pumping my shaft with her mouth as Andy fucked my ass with his tongue. This kind of pleasure was amazing and I could feel the orgasm build in my toes.

'OH GOD, OH GOD... I'm going to cum!' I cried out only just in time for the first shot of spunk to spray into Sarah's mouth. She quickly pulled my cock out and pumped it furiously, aiming my spunk all over her face and tits, rubbing it into her with her free hand. I shot load after load onto her and she clearly loved the mess I was making. It was only when my balls were completely empty that she stopped milking my cock and Andy finally stopped licking out my ass which he had worked all through my orgasm. 

I could barely stand and staggered over to the nearby bed to sit down. I smiled at the sight of the naked couple still on their knee's, Sarah covered in my cum and Andy having been the first person to ever lick my ass.

'Wow!' was about all I could offer.

'We're so glad you enjoyed it Paul,' Said Andy 'We weren't sure if you'd want to join in, Sarah's been telling me about you from nearly the first day and how she thought we might be able to have fun with you.'

'And we certainly did that!' added Sarah, gathering a finger load of cum from her breasts and sucking it clean.

'Well I better leave you guys to it.' I offered, not wanting overstay my welcome

'And why would you want to do that? The nights only just begun and I'm sure as hell not going to be the only one left this messy!' Sarah purred 'but then again if you need a rest now, Andy's going to come visit almost every week so maybe we can see what other situations the three of us can come up with?!'

All I could do was smile from ear to ear at the possibilities.

And so began some of the most interesting sexual experiences of my life, but of course the others are for another time....!