 There were four of us. We all worked for the same firm and every few weeks we would get together at one pub or another for a few beers and see what the night would turn up. We all had our share of luck with the girls and a couple of us, at least, would get lucky during these sessions.

One Saturday night, though, was to change my life for ever. One of the guys, Evan, started chatting to a girl he had met before and instead of going off with her they came to join us. He introduced her as Angie and we got another round in and there was plenty of sex charged banter as she was obviously into that sort of fun. 

Let me describe Angie. She's tall at 5' 10" and built to match with 38d tits and wide hips with the sort of big smooth thighs you just want to slide your hand up. The thighs were well displayed by a short denim skirt and the lovely tits only just kept under control by a spagetti strap top and nothing else.

We were all getting pretty touchy feely with her, to which she was not objecting at all, and fairly soon discovered she was not wearing anything under the skirt either.

After a few more drinks Evan suggested we continue the party at his place and off we went via the off licence for more booze.

Once back at Evans flat we all settled down in his living room and the fun resumed. Evan and Mike were sat either side of Angie on the sofa while Chris and I were in the armchairs. It was not very long before Angie's tits were out and getting sucked while two hands were exploring up her skirt. Pretty soon clothes started coming off and Angie had a cock in each hand. She looked across at Chris and I and said 

"Come on you two. Don't get left out. Get over here and join in"

We did not need any more encouragement to get our kit off and join in playing with Angie's great body. She was well into the fun too and we all got our cocks wanked and sucked. Soon Evan got her on her hands and knees on the sofa and slid his cock into her well worked up wet cunt. We were all pretty worked up by that time so he did not fuck her for long before shooting his load into her. Undeterred by the load already in her Chris went in as soon as Evan pulled out. He lasted a bit longer before he too gave her his load. Mike jumped in next as I was getting a great BJ at that moment so I got to watch Angie getting fucked for a third time with another load into her very sloppy cunt. Having watched the other guys fuck her I was not going to be left out and slid my cock into her oozing hole. It was amazingly slippery but still surprisingly tight so it was not too long before my load joined the other three as she, too, came for about the third or fourth time.

I pulled out and watched as a stream of spunk ran out of Angie's cunt to join the already sizeable pool on the leather sofa. Angie got off the sofa and headed for the bathroom while Evan went to find a towel to mop up the sofa.

"That was fuckin awesome." said Angie as she disappeared out of the door.

We all got ourselves another beer and sat down to get our breath back. Angie returned and grabbed herself another beer before resuming her place at the centre of the sofa.

After another drink it was not long before hands started wandering on the sofa again and after a bit of playing Angie bent over and started to suck Mike's cock so Evan lifted her onto the sofa on her knees and slid his cock into her cunt. Not to be left out Chris and I moved over to the sofa and started playing with her tits and clit while she was getting fucked.

Evan lasted somewhat longer this time before giving her another dose of spunk and after he pulled out Chris was straight in for another go. I swapped places with Mike so it finished up that I got to fuck her last again. I was not bothered about that as I loved the super slippery feel of her well fucked cunt as I slid in. The others all had another beer as they watched me fuck her until I, too, gave her another load.

After I had pulled out of her Angie grabbed a towel she had brought back from the bathroom for a wipe up. Then she said the magic words,

"I need a fag after all that."

"Good idea." I said.

Grabbing my fags out of my jeans I led her out onto the small balcony. It was not overlooked so the fact we were naked was not a problem. I lit us both up and we smoked and chatted for the five minutes it took to finish the ciggies. We walked back through the small kitchen and into the main room. The other three had all crashed out already on the chairs and sofa. I took Angie's arm and led her to the bedroom. I think we were both too knackered for any more sex because we just collapsed on the bed, curled up together and went to sleep.

The next morning the alarm on my phone went off. I had set it because I had planned to go to a gala event at a nearby steam railway. I've been a railway enthusiast since schooldays. Angie groaned awake too and wanted to know where I was off to. 

"Oooh", she said, "My Dad used to take me to steam railways. Not been for years. Can I come too?"

"Sure" I said "Love to have you along.

She decided that the clothes she had would be fine as it was a hot sunny day so we went back to my place for a shower then walked to the cafe n by the station for breakfast. I had decided to go by train to the junction with the steam railway as I had been drinking fairly late the night before.

When we got to the cafe there were a group of builders there having breakfast and Angie got some very appreciative glances as we got our food and found a table. I could see the two guys facing towards us were surreptitiously trying to look up Angie's skirt. She noticed too and giggled.

"Should I give em a flash?" she whispered.

Thinking it would be a laugh I said,

"Yeah! Go on"

She picked up her paper napkin and dropped it on the floor. As she bent down to retrieve it her legs parted and they had a good view of her smooth shaved cunt before she straightened up. This provoked grins from them both and a lot of whispering between the group. The guys facing away from us were giving quick glances over their shoulders but Angie muttered,

"That's their lot." and giggled again. I could see a day out with her was going to be a lot of fun.

***

If I get good feedback I will make this an ongoing story.