 It was a rainy day and I was bored. I had plenty of things to do but I was bored with my marriage and our sex life. I've had fantasies about a threesome, but never brought it up to my husband. He was pretty bland when it came to that kind of stuff. Very vanilla. It was getting tiring, having sex in the same 3 positions and the same movements time after time. I knew my husband wouldn't go for it, but I slowly decided to start setting him up for the idea.

When we were lying in bed that night, I decided to look for a porno video. We would sometimes watch a video as part of foreplay. In the video was 2 friends and one of the girl's boyfriend. The two girls started kissing and he started massaging my tits. I leaned over and pressed my mouth into his and swirling my tongue around his mouth. He then slide his hands down between my legs and started rubbing my pussy. 

I took him from my mouth and pulled his face to my tits and told him to suck on them, as his hands were still at my pussy. I grabbed his attentive cock and began rubbing up and down and rubbing his balls. After a few minutes I climber under the covers and began sucking his cock, took his balls in my mouth and licked up and down while grinding my pussy on his shin. He flipped me over and started doggy style, ramming his cock in and out of my pussy rigorously. 

I positioned the phone on the pillow so he could watch the video. One of the girl's was masturbating while making out with the guy, while his girlfriend was sucking on his stiff throbbing member. He grabbed my hips and pulled me into him as far as he could get and started going faster and harder until we both collapsed. We got cleaned up and then climbed back in bed and went to sleep.

This was a pretty normal routine for us. After being married for 4 years I still was very much in love, but wanted to spice things up in our bed. Neither one of us was vocal in bed though it always turned the other one if we ever were. It would turned me on when I would pretend he was interested in another girl, he would rarely play along. I would always tease him that he had a thing for blondes, as I was a brunette. He was 6'4 dirty blonde hair, average size I am 5'5 dark brown hair, average size. We both have always swung straight but I had become bi-curious within the last 6 months.

I sometimes would wonder how I would feel if he was with someone else, he was very loving and loyal, never even joking around about another woman. I figured it was a chance I could take at least once and go from there. The next morning. I put an ad on Craigslist, about having a threesome to see what responses I would get and to see who would respond to the ad the way I asked. 

"Couple seeking Threesome"

"M/F seeking a third. Must be a female. Must be into men, women, and oral. Anal a plus. We host. Send pictures and your idea of a good time."

He was interested in anal but I wasn't able to go through with it.

A few days later I checked my email and had a few people strike up a conversation, but no response like I was asking for. Then after about a week a girl responded with some appealing photos and her idea of a good time. 

" I would like to start with drinks and soft lighting and the couple start fooling around, then I would join in and we would go from there."

I emailed her back and told her my situation and asked her if she would be willing to sext with me to ease me in being with another woman. She sent me her number and we started our sexting. 

She didn't live far from us so we set it up. I started in with my plan and I took my husband into a strip club. We sat at the bar then I told him I paid for a topless private dance for him and he didn't look impressed. I told him, "I could go instead." Then I pushed him up and I turned back to the bar. He came out when the dance was done and sat down and ordered another drink. I asked "How'd you like it?" 

He responded, "It was alright, if you like that sort of thing." The bulge in his pants said he did. I rolled my eyes at the comment and ordered myself another. We started getting tipsy and went to play pool.

A few people came over and talked to us and I flirted a little. Then a girl came over and flashed us and asked, "Do you think my tits are nice?" When she left I pulled my husband into a corner and gave him a long lingering kiss and rubbed the front of his jeans. He was ready to leave or at least make it outside.

I asked, "Do you think your lady friend from earlier would want to join us?"

He said, "Maybe she would," with a smirk.

I replied, "Don't be cocky because I'm not afraid of another woman."

"Oh really?" He asked. "Maybe I should go back in the private room again and see how that goes."

I told him I had a better idea for when we got home. We called a cab and texted my sexting friend Samantha and told her we were good to go.

We got home and I got in the shower while he watched TV and had some more drinks. I got out, slipped on a robe, turned off our light and went out a opened the front door and told Samantha to wait in the front room. I went back to the bedroom and started touching and rubbing him and told him I had someone who wanted to play with us. 

I brought her in and I started sucking on his member, as she got undressed and climbed into our bed. He was startled at the fact this was actually happening. She reached over and started rubbing my tits while looking in his eyes. I climbed up and over to the side she was on and spread my legs and pulled him into my lips and she went down between my legs. She reach up and grabbed his cock as she was lickng my wet pussy.

He broke from our kiss and and lifted his head back in ecstasy. I closed my legs and climbed up to his face and put my DD tits right in his face, and Samantha went down and started sucking on his thick dick.

I could tell he was enjoying it and we were all under the influence of alcohol. I asked if he enjoyed my big tittys in his face, and that blonde haired slut between his legs. He just moaned. He grabbed the back of her head and started guiding her head on his shaft. 

I wasn't sure how long he would last so I broke their grip and climbed on his dick and rode him as hard as I could. He buried his hands in between her legs. Fingering her he was watching her reacting to his hand pleasuring her snatch. His cock exploded in me and she exploded riding his hand. We all collapsed.

I pulled out the blow up mattress and we drank some coffee and set her up a bed in the living room. We said our goodnights and climbed back into our bed. Neither one of us was tired, but I pretended I was. When I felt his cock stir back up a little I stuck my hand back in his pants and rubbed it a few times and pretended I had went to sleep. About 10 minutes later he went to use the bathroom and then there was a light knock on our door. I didn't move he got up and walked into the front room shutting the door behind him. Samantha's air mattress had went flat and when I heard the pump start I snuck out our door and up the stairs into the dark balcony that overlooked our living room.

Part 2

Samantha told him," I dont't know how the air was getting out and wasn't sure where you had put the pump and I'm sorry for waking you guys."

"I haven't sleep and she is sound asleep." He asked, "Do you need anything else?"

She asked, could I have your Wi-Fi password? I am now ready for bed but needed to orgasm before I go to sleep." "Unless you could help me with that!" she said slyly.

He responded, "I'm not sure that would be a good idea, since my wife is asleep." As a bulge grew in his pants.

She then told him, "I don't think that she would mind since we've been sexting for a few weeks and had hogged you in the bedroom."

"I didn't get to feel that dick inside of my pussy," she said with a little hint of sadness. 

He stood in front of her for a moment and was thinking about what she had just said and she pulled his cock out of his pajama pants. She suctioned herself onto him and he put his hands and laid his head back in pleasure. It sure felt good having her mouth wrapped around his cock. An unfamiliar mouth licking and sucking his dick hard and fast.

From where I was I could see this perfectly, but I was hidden in the shadow. I sat there kind of in shock and a little turned on at what I was seeing. I slipped my hand down between my legs and started playing with myself while watching a stranger giving my husband a blow job and he was enjoying it.

He pulled her over to the couch and spread her legs and started eating her pussy. She moaned saying "Oh yes, Oh yes Daddy eat me, eat me like that, Oh Fuck!"

He started pinching her nipple's while shaking and burying his face is that sluts snatch. She told him, "You get me off like this and I'll let you stick that fat dick in my ass and ride me like you've yet to experience!" 

That made him work harder flattening out his tongue against her pink swollen pussy and pushing harder. "Oh fuck yeah baby, eat it, eat me, Oh your fucking tongue feels so fucking good..ooohh" and a few seconds later she exploded on his face and he pulled up off the couch an put her nipples down on the blow up mattress and started rubbing her ass with his dick. 

"You really want this, don't you? You want your ass shoved full of my fucking throbbing prick." 

She was panting all she could do was let out "Yes..ohhh yes." 

She got into her purse and handed him some lube. He lathered them both up and told him he didn't have to be gentle. He rammed her ass and griped her hips and fucked her in the ass as hard as he could. He leaned in more and went around her body and started grabbing her tits. Squeezing her mounds and working the nipples. 

"Take my dick, take that fucking dick in the ass bitch." She was moaning and shoving her ass back into him.

I exploded my juices on my hand as I worked my sloppy cunt and my nipples while watching him fuck her. Someone he didn't even know. I could tell he was close so I went back downstairs quickly and quietly and into our bathroom, wiped myself up and climbed back into bed. 

He came in a few minutes later went in and took a shower and climbed in our bed and wrapped his arm around me and fell asleep. I was glad mine and Samantha's plan played out!