 No sign of nerves was evident from my wife as two near strangers approached the bed in that cheap motel. I had recently started to think she could have been a pornstar if she had wanted to be, and she was about to move further in the direction of proving me right. It is difficult to believe and impossible to describe how my wholesome, role model wife could turn into such a demonic sex goddess in the right context. True to form, as those two men began to loosen their pants and join the love of my life in the bed, Ann's deep brown eyes peered directly at me, a devilish smile on her face before she uttered to me, the sole member of the audience, "Now just sit back and watch, honey."

Ann and my relationship had taken quite the unexpected twist in the past year, as one can imagine from that opening paragraph. It came to a head this past July when we fulfilled what turned out to be a shared secret fantasy of a male-female-male threesome in a nice hotel in the heart of our home city. It was then that we got to try double penetration for the first time, something I had personally fantasized about for many years. Ann performed masterfully, and we both agreed we would like to do it again when the time was right.

Shortly after the devil's threesome, I began to wonder what it would be like not just to team up on my wife but rather to simply watch her be doubled-up, at least at first. A couple of guys we had met online had suggested that watching your wife get fucked was just as enjoyable, if not more so, than participating in the act. By this point in our marriage, there was little Ann and I weren't willing to do for the enjoyment of the other, so Ann showed no real qualms or disinterest when I brought up the idea. Beside, my watching her take on two men would require a total of three men, including myself, and Ann had done so well handling two men a couple months back that a foursome was the next logical step.

Now back to that motel, I was having difficulty staying still, I must say. As entertaining as it was to watch my sexy wife prepare to take on these two men I had not known outside of the Internet before tonight, every urge in my body wanted to drive me into the bed with her and stick her as hard as I ever had. I would get my chance, of course, and patience would make the experience all the more enjoyable for both of us. I needed to remind myself of that thought several times during the event.

Both men were naked within a minute of climbing into the bed with Ann. The guys' names were Shawn and Tom, each of whom I had met on different websites. Shawn was an African American guy in his early 30s who had really piqued our interest, and not only because he added the interracial dimension to an already intriguing scenario. We hit it off pretty well in our chats, and Ann found his 5'9" and muscular frame to be pretty arousing. He was also going to be her first black man, which was exciting for my wife, and he had a pretty big cock, I have to admit. It wasn't monstrous, like the stereotypes, but I noticed Ann couldn't help but keep peeking at it. It didn't bother me, really. I knew what I was getting into, and the best part about this whole new facet of our marriage was we had such a strong relationship with each other that no amount of experimenting within our marriage was going to tempt either one of us to be unfaithful. It was truly all about pleasing each other, and in that moment I was honestly hoping that above-average dick was going to really please my wife.

Tom, meanwhile, an Italian like my wife, was about my height and not scrawny but not built like Shawn. He had dark hair and his cock was pretty long but didn't capture Ann's attention like Shawn's or mine. He looked like he had just gotten back from vacation, with a tan that might have been a bit darker than my wife's. While his personality hadn't struck us right away, he turned out to be an honest, respectful guy, which is all one can really ask for in this type of situation. Tom was a bit older than Ann and me, in his early 40s. He wasn't bad looking either, but I didn't detect the same attraction from Ann as I saw toward our other participant.

At this point, Ann and I were thrilled just by the fact of where we were and that we were with people who seemed to be normal. It had taken a lot of thought, planning and patience to pull off the first MFM threesome, and this second run took at least as much trouble. It was all our own doing, of course, not only because we were looking for two recruits instead of one this time, but we were very picky to begin with. The tricky part is Ann and I are actually a very wholesome couple and highly respect by friends and coworkers alike for our family values and character. Raunchy group sex did not typically fit into that paradigm and would shock more than a few people if they were to find out. Not many people we knew would understand the lengths a happily married couple can go to in order to intensify the pleasure of their sexual relationship. In truth, the more we have experimented, our love, respect and arousal for each other has only intensified.

For those reasons and more, we found ourselves that night with men who wouldn't trace us back to anything that might jeopardize the happy life Ann and I weren't willing to risk, and in an inexpensive motel that would protect our privacy further. Meanwhile, two unfamiliar men knelt in an unfamiliar bed with my gorgeous Italian wife, her long, straight dark brown hair spilling over her shoulders, down toward her ample, bare boobs which had been exposed the second Ann removed her jacket that evening. We had gotten to the hotel early so Ann had plenty of time to prepare for our guests. By then, she had on only a black-and-white striped thong, a pair of black high heels, a silver bracelet around her right ankle and, of course, her wedding rings. We had sent the men a picture of just the proposed outfit earlier that week, so Ann and I thought she should wear only what had been pictured for when the boys arrived.

Across the room sat I, unable to keep my pants zipped up, instead stroking my hard cock as I prepared for the best porno I had ever seen and starring the sexiest woman alive. Never in my dirtiest imagination had I thought I would witness what I was about to watch. Ann really was a keeper, and I thought that of her even before I knew just what a sex goddess my wife was.

Still wearing the aforementioned outfit, Ann leaned forward and began the evening's festivities by, no surprise, taking Shawn's black cock into her mouth. Shawn's eyes locked onto the pretty Italian girl whom he'd met in person just moments ago and ran his hand through her hair as she gripped the base of that thick manhood and began to suck the rest of it. Meanwhile, Ann's other hand was wrapped around Tom's cock, while Tom remained rigid and moaned as well. Neither man dared look over at me, appearing to still not be too convinced I was OK with what was happening. On quite the contrary, I felt an unmistakable sense of pride -- and arousal -- as I showed off my sexy wife to these new friends.

No noise came from me. In fact, I could hardly breathe, so entranced was I by the spectacle. To think I had so much more to see! A year ago I would have never imagined I would feel this excited and proud to watch anyone else with my precious wife. I had always thought I would be jealous or pained instead of the opposite emotions. Now seeing her with two men had me more excited than I had ever thought possible in a sexual scenario featuring my wife that had me on the sidelines for now.

Ann switched back and forth between both men's cocks, holding tightly throughout the blowjobs and taking only brief, periodic breaks to catch her breath, during which she compensated by vigorously beating off both men. She continued to pleasure them in this way for several minutes until it was time for them to return the favor.

Next, Ann lay on her back, removed her thong, spread her thighs and waited for Shawn to crouch between those sexy legs first in order to eat out my wife. Shawn slid his hands underneath Ann, pulling her pussy closer to his mouth, allowing him to begin partaking of my wife's sweet treat. Ann squirmed a bit and moaned as this black man showed some expertise in orally pleasing a woman, and I knew from my own experience that he was enjoying a nice, wet reward in return. 

Shawn continued until Ann was treated to her first orgasm of the night, evidenced by her loud moan and bucking hips. When he was finished, Shawn finally acknowledged me by telling me what I already knew, which was my wife's pussy was delicious. As he backed away, Tom grabbed Ann's legs and pulled Ann over to him, drawing her to him before he lowered his head to that undoubtedly wet pussy.

Ann lifted her legs up in the air in a very hot pose, especially with her shoes still on, as Tom went to town on her cunt. Had Ann not just climaxed a moment ago, I'm sure Tom's effort would have been sufficient to bring my wife to orgasm as well. However, it was time to move on to the next point on the agenda before Ann could reach her second climax.

Shawn pulled away from Ann, who sat up, smiling at me as she prepared for the next step. She did so by getting to her hands and knees while the other men waited for Ann to select who would get to stuff his penis in her vagina first. I wasn't surprised that she picked Shawn, and so Tom shuffled to the front of the beautiful woman while Shawn took his spot behind her and put on the required condom. Without an ounce of jealousy, because, after all, she remained my girl and mine only, I sat silently with my hand on my cock as this strong black man found my wife's opening with the tip of his dick, put both of his hands on her hips and then slid all the way inside her, penetrating my wife's sexy body in my plain view. 

Moaning and cursing, Ann threw her head back, her hair flying over her shoulders as she did. With a black cock in her pussy for the first time in her life, Ann still had the presence of mind to reach up and stroke Tom's cock before taking it in her mouth and sucking it like the expert cocksucker I knew she was. Then there it was: for the first time, I got to watch the sexiest woman I knew get fucked by two guys at once. I had always been turned on by the thought of a hot girl's taking on multiple cocks, and participating in it back in July was, of course, the most awesome experience of my life. What was before me now, though, was the most arousing spectacle I had had the privilege of viewing.

Shawn got into it right away, praising my wife and grunting as he stuffed all of his black cock into her over and over again at a stiff and steady pace. Each thrust into the hot wife pushed her headlong into Tom's cock, which pushed past her lips, deep into her mouth each time. Tom's hands ran through Ann's long, beautiful hair while he stood still and moaned, letting Shawn do all the work of plowing the goddess and rocking her back and forth between the two dicks with each powerful thrust into her pussy.

The men continued to split-roast the young woman right in front of her adoring husband for several minutes. Throughout, the boys took turns fondling Ann's boobs and stroking her back. Ann was very clearly enjoying the treatment, too, as she moaned throughout this whole stage, even if she had that dick in her mouth. Every so often she would pull Tom out so she could get some more air, but she would go right to stroking him off and would usually look over at me with those hauntingly devilish eyes. No matter where she was looking, however, she was always smiling (if her mouth wasn't full of cock), beyond amused to be receiving the kind of attention her sexiness demanded and required.

The intensity never let up until Shawn pulled out with a satisfied sigh. At that point, I stood up and motioned for the threesome to move on to the main event. The men immediately began to prepare Ann for her starring role. The first thing to do was to lube Ann up really well. Once both of her ass and pussy were sufficiently slick, Tom took his place first, lying down on the bed with his legs bent over the edge and onto the floor. Ann was next, shuffling over on the bed and straddling Tom so that his cock was just inches away from her pussy. As Tom guided my wife down on his dick, Ann looked back at me, locking those deep brown eyes with mine. With that devilishly sexy look on her face again, Ann said to me, "There's no turning back now, honey. They're gonna drill me in both holes." I assured her I had no desire to turn back and just tried to keep my hand off my cock for as long as I could while my wife turned me on like never before.

Before I knew it, Tom and Ann were groaning as Shawn's Italian cock impaled my Italian wife's pussy. Before those two could really get going, Shawn was right on the scene. Having gotten off the bed, Shawn stood up behind Ann, whom Tom had to hold still while Shawn spread her ass and lined up his engorged black dick behind it. I held my breath, as I'm sure Ann did too, watching on as Shawn pushed forward ever so gently, and slid his big black cock into my wife's asshole, joining Tom in double-penetrating the gorgeous woman.

Whoever those guys were that suggested watching your wife get double-penetrated, they were on the money. As soon as these two practical strangers were inside Ann, filling her to capacity in her back end, I was indescribably aroused. No act was hotter than double penetration, and no woman was sexier than my wife.

Tom and Shawn got right to work, showing no discomfort or uncertainty. They both knew the best way to go forward with this act was to take turns going inside Ann, and the two of them had a pretty good rhythm going right from the start. While Ann had struggled just a bit at the outset of her first DP, having one threesome under her belt seemed to be all the experience she needed. This time, she looked every bit as comfortable from the start as she did at the end of our group sex this past summer. Needless to say, the word "goddess" didn't even begin to describe how she looked to me in that moment.

Ann held herself up between the two men, who sawed in and out of her, alternating thrusts with each other as they went balls deep inside my wholesome wife over and over again. Tom took every opportunity to squeeze or suck on Ann's boobs as they jiggled right over his face. When her eyes weren't closed, Ann gazed over at me and smiled, this time not quite as naughtily but more so amused as she took the steady fucking in both of her holes from two men we hardly knew. Meanwhile, I had taken off pretty much all of my clothing and was beating off a little more than I want to admit. I was up and walking around too, trying to see as many different angles as possible of this awesome exhibit.

Creaks from the cheap mattress and moans from all three pleasured bodies filled the air as Tom and Shawn continued to double-penetrate Ann. The room grew very warm, and the odor of sex and sweat emanated from the participants on the bed but mostly from Ann, who was sandwiched in the middle of it all. Those cocks worked her over faster and faster as they double-fucked her for at least 10 minutes, sliding in and out, sinking into her ass and pussy, all of it for my viewing pleasure. I could tell by Ann's moans that she was genuinely enjoying it. She was never one to fake it.

There was just one more position I wanted to see, and it wasn't long until the boys slowed down and pulled out so they could rearrange on the bed. Shawn took Tom's place on the bed, and this time Ann faced forward, standing at the side of the bed first before both Tom and Shawn helped her up so that she could slowly insert Shawn's black dick back up her ass. This time she took it without so much as a grimace. Ann then leaned back, Shawn grabbing her boobs momentarily while Tom stepped forward, stepping over Ann's left thigh while keeping his other leg on the ground. Next, Tom and my wife worked together to get his Italian cock into her pussy, which was certainly constricted with Shawn's black member in her ass. Again, Ann held her breath as Tom slid forward into my wife until he was balls-deep in her again, soundly sandwiching her between Shawn and himself.

There was a lot of moaning and cursing at that point, but none louder than what was coming from my wife. As Tom sank down on top of her, Ann had two new cocks fully inside her, entirely stuffing both of her holes. Propping herself with both arms behind her back, Ann curled her left leg around Tom's waist, and the other shot straight up into the air, emerging from the mass of writhing flesh on that hotel bed. No doubt Ann knew how aroused I would be by her showing off her sexy legs like that, especially with the high heels still on. The threesome remained still on the bed for just a moment longer, moans and groans pouring out from all three of them as they all adjusted to the tightness of my wife's sacred holes in this new position.

Tom got the party in full swing as he began to thrust in and out of Ann's pussy. Shawn followed right behind Tom, holding Ann tightly by her waist and pumping up into her ass. Ann cried out it what appeared to be discomfort at first while the boys took a minute or two longer to find their stride from this position. Tom took a second to step down, putting both feet on the floor and now allowing both of Ann's legs to spread out in the air above them. At this point, Ann lay flat on her back against Shawn's chest, and Tom wrapped one arm around Ann's right leg as he resumed sliding in and out of her pussy while Shawn went back to alternating in her ass. I didn't even realize that I had moved forward, but I was right up there with them, watching Ann's holes conquer these two stiff cocks that slid steadily in and out of them.

Within a minute, the men had their rhythm back, going at the same pace as each cock took its turn going inside my wife and pulling back out as the other went back in. Ann relaxed noticeably, and that amused smile crept back across her face. Then, Tom leaned forward on top of Ann, holding onto her shoulders and smushing her between him and the man beneath them, really pinning her down as they double-penetrated her. Ann laughed and said, "Mmm, fuck me boys," in a low and sexy tone that made me shiver. Then her eyes shot over at me before she asked, "When are you gonna join?"

I had been entranced with the visual of my lovely wife's being double-stuffed by two near strangers and had honestly kind of forgotten that I could hop in whenever I felt the desire. With Ann's words, I came back to my senses, my only response being my joining them up on the bed, kneeling beside the only remaining open hole my wife had, and finally slipping my cock into her, past her lips and into that warm wet mouth.

Another first took place in that moment, as two strangers and I made Ann airtight. Ann was too full of dick to really do much in that moment beside grip the sheets beneath her and kick her legs out while we three men pumped in and out of all three of her amazing holes. Watching her suck my cock while Shawn and Tom sawed in and out of her ass and pussy was about as incredible a visual as I could imagine. I wasn't even bothered by the nearly unbearable heat on that bed that emanated from three sweating, thrusting bodies that lay directly in front of me. 

At last, I needed Ann's pussy. Tom needed to step out, which he did without complaint. I shuffled over and took his place, standing between two sets of legs and pushing my cock into my wife's already used hole. I'd forgotten how tight her pussy got when there was a cock in her ass, and Shawn's cock was a bit bigger than the one Ann had in her butt last time, so it really was a wonderfully tight fit as I thrust all the way inside my beautiful bride's temple. Once I was in, I leaned over on top of her, just like Tom had, sandwiching her between Shawn and me as we got right to work.
