 Part 1 

The Red Head. 

It almost always began the same way. They sat together at the bar sipping on drinks and whispering to each other about the girls on the dance floor. Eventually coming to a consensus on a girl who was having a good time but wasn't stuck to the hip of some frat boy. A girl who looked like she was just wild enough to take advantage of being taken advantage of. 

For instance last Saturday it was Nicole. A 23 year old anthropology student. She was a fiesty looking red head with emerald green eyes, pale skin covered in freckles, curvy hips giving way to a smooth flat stomach above and a pert round ass below. Her canary yellow top, cut low, swayed around her perky tits as she danced and sipped her cocktail, singing along to the house bands cover of "Hey Jealousy". Her white strappy high heels made her long slender legs incredible to look at as they moved her across the dance floor. Her skirt flicked back and forth occasionally revealing her ass that almost begged to be squeezed beneath strong hands. 

Karen spotted her and knew Tyler would approve. She nudged him and pointed discreetly to the redhead moving about the dance floor. He grinned and nodded. Without even a word to him Karen slipped off her bar stool, took a long sip of her margarita and sauntered across the dance floor in her short black skirt and white halter top. Her long tan legs moved her gracefully across the dance floor. Every single guy eye fucked her as she crossed the dance floor and as their dates all turned to see what their man was staring at they couldn't help but stare themselves. 

Karin stopped short of where Nicole was dancing and began to move her body to the music, subtly making eye contact with Nicole and smiling flirtatiously. Karen had a way of using her eyes like a tractor beam to draw women (and men) in to her. It was almost like magic, like she exuded some scent or spell that made even the most heterosexual of women think very dirty thoughts. For a girl like Nicole there was no stopping it. She found herself transitioning from causal eye contact to deliberately seeking out long glances and each lingering gaze that she shared with Karin sent small tickles through her abdomen and below. A warmness spreading and beginning to leak out of her, it was both mentally and physically satisfying in the way you find slightly taboo things to be satisfying. 

They moved closer to each other until they were close enough to speak.

Across the bar Tyler watched and sipped his rum and coke. He was always amazed but never surprised at the effect his wife had on other women. He never knew what she said to them and enjoyed the mystery, but within 5 to 10 minutes they were always walking back across the bar to him. His wife leading the wide eyed and clearly excited girl to him. They always looked like they couldn't wait to get out of the bar, like it was torture to spend another second fully clothed in public and not naked, tangled up between two other people, moaning, screaming, and cumming for hours in their bed. It certainly didn't hurt that for as gorgeous as Karen was Tyler was pretty easy on the eyes as well. Tyler looked up from his empty drink to see Karin leading the cute red head towards him, "hmmm that's a new record" he thought and smiled. 

Part 2

The read headed slut. 

Nicole was in heaven. She'd never had so many orgasms. She could hardly feel anything except pure ecstasy now. She couldn't distinguish Tyler's tongue deep in her pussy from Karen's fingers rubbing her clit. 

She would have screamed loud enough to wake the neighbors if her face wasn't buried in Karen's dripping wet pussy that was halfway through another pulsing orgasm of her own. Her latest orgasm subsided and she felt Tyler's tongue lapping up every drop of her juices before it dipped lower to tease her ass. 'Mmmmm her ass...It was still tender from minutes ago when she'd been on her hands and knees, Tyler's cock, lubed from a long and delicious blow job that she'd shared with Karen before they'd even made it up the stairs, pumped in and out of her. Nicole was no prude, she'd been fucked in the ass before but she had never had her pussy fingered and licked at the same time and Karen had done exactly that. 

Nicole tried to focus on providing the same pleasure to Karen whose beautiful pussy was spread beneath her but she found it hard to concentrate with so much stimulation to her own ass and pussy. She loved how Karen's dark lips spread open to reveal such a bright pink inside and she marveled at how wet Karen's cunt was. 

Suddenly she felt Tyler's hand on her hair as it pulled her head back, forcing her to arch her back which pushed her pussy down harder onto Karen's face. She moaned from the triplicate pleasure of her full ass, her well licked cunt, and the undeniable joy she felt from being man handled by the two of them. Tyler's hand wrapped around her neck and as he choked her his teeth found her soft neck and bit down. Hard. 

Nicole screamed first in surprised pain but it quickly became a scream of pure pleasure as her ass tightened its grip on Tyler's cock and her pussy twitched and covered Karen's face in her delicious cum. "Oh you liked that did you?" Tyler breathed in her ear. "You like being man handled and being used?" Nicole couldn't stop herself...it felt wrong to enjoy it, it felt even more wrong to acknowledge enjoying it, but at Tyler's words of "being used" she came so hard she felt her pussy squirt and without knowing what she was saying she screamed " yes sir! I love being used, please don't stop! I love being used like this!" Tyler felt her ass clenched down so tight it was like a vice. 

Seeing this gorgeous red headed girl turned slut sandwiched between him and his beautiful wife cumming and loving every second of being dominated was too much for him. His cock swelled, he began to groan and Karen knew her husband was close. She used her free hand to stroke his balls, which began to twitch between her fingers and Tyler moaned. Nicole knew what was about to happen and this new side of her demanded that she give into it. "Please cum for me! Go ahead, take my ass and fill it please!" Tyler grabbed Nicole by the hips and emptied several large spurts of hot cum into her tight ass. At the same time Karen buried her tongue into the young girls cunt and to Nicole's surprise her small aftershock rolled into another powerful orgasm. 

She collapsed and nearly passed out as Karen attacked her body with her hands and tongue. Pinning the exhausted girl to the bed and cleaning up the mess her husband had made of her before she climbed on top of her and straddled her face. Grabbing Nicole's hair on both sides of her head Karen forced the young girls mouth onto her drenched pussy. Nicole obeyed her implied task willingly and began to tongue fuck Karen's tight snatch. 

She was vaguely aware of Tyler's teasing tongue on her own pussy and ass but she focused on pleasing her new dominator. "Oh you do like to be used don't you? Such an eager little pet!" Karen grinned. "Yes ma'am." Was all Nicole could manage to get out before Karen shoved her pussy back onto Nicole's tongue. Karen moaned and ground her hips into Nicole's face and felt the bed shift behind her. 

Suddenly Karen was pushed forward at the waist and before she could turn her head around she felt Tyler's re-erect dick pushing into her tight pussy while Nicole's lips wrapped around her clit. "Oh fuck yes I love this cock!" Moaned Karen as the walls of her pussy stretched wider and wider with each inch of cock that filled her. Karen's hands pushed against the headboard to Impale herself deeper on her husbands cock while Nicole tried desperately to keep her lips locked onto the Karen's clit despite her bucking hips. 

Nicole moaned when she heard Karen say "oh yes! thank you sir, thank you for fucking me!" It felt so good to be used by this woman while she was used by her husband. It was amazing to watch Karen switch between being her husbands fuck toy and making Nicole her own fuck toy. One minute Karen was begging her husband for his seed and a next she was reminding Nicole what a good pussy licking slut she was and Nicole loved pleasing them both. Nicole felt Karen's thighs tense up on either side of her head and she felt Karen's fingers suddenly digging deeply into her hair. "Fuck yes, make me cum all over her face baby! I'm so close!" Nicole, excited to taste more of her dominator's cum reached her hands up and pulled Karen's hips down to get her tongue deeper in her pussy. 

Tyler meanwhile had grabbed Karen by the hips as well and was taking long, hard, deep strokes into his wife's pussy. Then all three of them felt the electricity between them crescendo and as Tyler's dick began to fill Karen's pussy with cum Her cunt contracted and she came hard riding Nicole's face the whole time. Nicole's pussy twitched and she experienced her own small orgasm from being used as she felt Tyler's hot cum spill from his wife's drenched pussy into her mouth and onto her tits. They collapsed into a pile of limbs on the bed. Karen slowly using her tongue to clean Nicole's tits. 

Nicole had never felt so filthy, slutty, dirty, or used before. She'd also never felt so satisfied. Nicole was in heaven. 

To be continued...