 I arrived home around noon and staggered straight into my bedroom, literally falling into a deep sleep. I didn't wake up until 4pm - Partly because I wanted to keep laying in bed fantasizing about the events of the night before and partly because I was physically incapable of standing up. Every inch of every muscle ached. My body had been through the most brutal gang fucking I've ever experienced in my life and prior to last night the most guys I'd fucked in a single night was a group of 6 horny college basketball players - I more than tripled my max last night! At least 20 swingers used my holes leaving my nipples sore and my poor vagina bruised.

I had Tony to thank for that. My new best friend was showing me the ropes around this new town. I started daydreaming about all the filthy things that could go down at his friend's bachelor party tonight when my phone lit up. New message from: Swingin Tony (what!? We just met and his last name didn't exactly come up when he used my mouth and pussy like I was some two cent whore!)

"Southside Video Exchange, 7pm. See you there. Get ready for another looooong dick night slut!"

Perfect, I had enough time to soak in the tub for an hour before I needed to get ready. The eucalyptus epsom bath salts tended to my aching muscles. As I soaked I gently rubbed my soft silky skin, thanking my lucky stars I wasn't left with any visible injuries other than a couple marks around my wrists from the bed restraints. I spent the next hour and a half primping. I went all out, again. My hair was loosely curled, porn star curls covering little brown nipples. I watched youtube videos on how to do makeup like a Kardashian and contoured the fuck out of my face with a dark smokey eye look. Super sultry and fuckable. I grabbed my little denim cut-off shorts and a v-neck crop top from my closet, then completed my outfit with a pair of converse shoes. Skater meets slut was the vibe I was going for!

I ordered an uber and headed on my way to Southside Video Exchange, excited to go shopping at the porn store! Promptly at 7pm my driver dropped me off outside of a grey warehouse-type building, with a very full parking lot. I hopped out and sauntered inside, right past a group of guys standing at the entrance who didn't even try to hide their wandering eyes and craning necks. Tony was waiting inside for me. I ran right up to him and gave him a big kiss. He was very happy to see me, beaming from ear to ear. We were in a little security room and had to give our IDs to a man behind a glass window. I started wondering what kind of porn store we were in, I'd never been to one like this.

"Couples night. $15 gets you into all the rooms."

Tony paid the man behind the glass window $15 and with the hit of a buzzer we were allowed inside.

"All the rooms?" I asked Tony as we opened the door to a huge porn store with toys hung on every wall, lingerie racks on racks on racks, every size and color dildo you can imagine and a side-door entrance to some rather large porn theaters.

"Yeah baby. There's a room for couples, straight people and gay people - we can hang out in all of them if you want," he said.

That's when I realized this wasn't just any ordinary porn store. It was a store AND theater. I'd never been to a porn theater before! I mean, I've been to lots of stores where there's a little video both and a couple of stadium seats covered in jizz. But never to a straight up theater with multiple rooms and projectors and shit! This was seriously a dream come true. I literally type "porn theater slut forced" into my search bar when I masturbate. I crossed my fingers hoping to be one of those filthy theater whores tonight!

"Couples room first," I said.

He took my hand and lead me down a dark hallway to a swinging door with "COUPLES" written above the entrance. There were leather couches lined up in rows facing the theater screen and more leather couches around the perimeter of the room. There were probably 5 other couples in the large room, 3 of them playing together as a group and 2 other couples who didn't seem to want to play, but were certainly enjoying the show. Tony pushed me to the front of the room. We sat together on a couch, our eyes passing back and forth between the two girls getting gangbanged by bbc on the big screen and the live show that was happening to the left of us.

Tony's hands wandered up and down my thighs and waist, his dick hardening in his pants as he sat next to me. His fingers were flicking my clit when a couple broke from the group fun and made their way over to us.

"We'd love for you to join us," a cute chubby blonde girl said to me. "He's always asking if we can find an asian girl for a threesome, lot harder than it sounds!" she said, motioning her pointed finger back and forth at her very tall husband. "And...I've always wanted to try some big black cock..." she drooled as she stared at my tiny hand wrapped around Tony's thick cock. I was jerking him thru his jeans. 

"Uhmm, sure we're in," I said, assuming Tony would be down. I assumed right. He hopped up from his chair real quick as we all gathered to the center of the room. 

Three men worked together to pull my tank top off while both my breasts were squeezed and grabbed. I moaned in surprise then reached down to grab someone's, anyone's, cock. Tony unbuttoned and pulled down my shorts revealing my tiny black lace thong. He started spanking my ass as another girl dropped to her knees and started sucking his cock. I felt someone move my g-string to the side as two thick fingers were shoved inside my pussy. I moaned louder this time. My bruised pussy was so sore and it felt like he was fisting me. Someone pushed me down onto a couch and removed my thong. One guy climbed onto the armrest where my head was laying and shoved his rock hard cock down my throat. That's when Tony rammed his huge black cock into my poor little pussy. He hammered into me for a few minutes, enjoying the view as my titties bounced in circles on my chest and a complete stranger invaded my mouth and throat! Two girls started pinching and torturing my nipples.

"What a nasty whore," the girls called me names as they ripped my nipples from my body. 

"Oowwww stahhhhhhpppp!!" I yelped in pain!

"Mmmm you want us to go easier on you, you little slut" they said as they pinched hard. "You fuckin love this!!"

Tony stopped brutalizing my pussy with his bbc and leaned forward.

"I get to fuck you any time I want, so excuse me while I go bust my nut into one of these hos," he whispered in my ear. "I just had to get me some of this tight asian pussy first!"

And with that he climbed off me and bent the cute blonde over, then tore into her pussy from behind. Poor thing, he was really beating her pussy up. I was jealous! But my jealously only lasted a split second when the guy using my mouth climbed on top of me, replacing Tony by lining his thick dick up to my tiny slit and filled my cunt with his stiff cock. 

"Fuuuuuuck meeeeee ohhhhhhwwwww" I growled as he entered my tender cunt.

"Oh I'm gonna fuck you alright, this tiny pussy is gonna get abused by my fat cock!"

Another guy took the opportunity to fuck my face like he was mad at it. Dude rammed his 8 inch cock straight down my throat and held it there for forever! He joined the girls as they pinched and twisted my nipples until they made me squirm in pain. He really got off on being rough with me and I was loving it! Soon enough, my pussy was filled with hot jizz, which cream-pied all over the couch when he pulled his cock from my tight warm cunt canal. Super rough face-fucking dude stood me up only to bend me over and ram his cock into my cunt from behind.

"My turn to wreck your wet cunt," he said. 

Tony had moved on to a 2nd chick and he was ripping her pussy inside out. Then again, my pussy was also being stretched wide and torn apart. I moaned and groaned like an actual whore, loving the feeling of this stranger's cock fucking in and out of me, hurting me with his massive dick. He and Tony where competing trying to see who could ram harder and deeper, so when I begged and screamed for him to slow down because it hurt, he didn't skip a beat and just kept fucking into me from behind harder. The already sore state of my pussy only made me more sensitive, so I came around his thick cock multiple times. He interpreted this as an invitation to fuck me harder and soon I was literally howling. He pulled my long hair back in a ponytail to gain leverage and thrusted even deeper inside me, punishing my cervix.

"Take my monster cock you fuckin whore! God I cant believe Im fucking you right now!! You're the tightest fuck I've ever felt wrapped around this big dick!!"

"Oh god yes, use me harder!! Ruin my tiny hole!!" I begged him.

Tony blew his load around the same time guy #2 unloaded inside my cunt. I collapsed on the couch and looked around. Everyone was spent. I guess all the other couples had been there for a few hours already and no one had the energy to keep using me. Such a shame. My vagina was sore but was aching for more. I couldn't get rid of this constant feeling of needing to be used and abused. Tony could also sense the action was dying down so he picked my thong, shorts and tank top off the floor so I could re-dress.

"Straight Singles room," he said to me.

I quickly re-dressed and followed Tony out of the theater to go next door. I held my breath hoping for a large crowd. Lucky me, I got my wish. The Straight Singles room was packed! There were ~30 men in the room, most of them jerking their dicks as they watched a big titted brunette get tied down and gang fucked on the screen. Tony again nudged me towards the front of the theater, this time showing me off to every guy in the room, making sure they knew a woman was present. My guess is pussy sightings in this joint are few and far between. Let alone smokin hot tight young asian pussy, dressed like a slut, sauntering down the aisle with "just fucked" hair and a sexy body that was pouring out of my tight clothes.

Tony didn't waste any time. The second we sat down he had already instructed two men next to us to "grope her titties, she like it" and "no fuckin allowed, I'm keepin her tight for tonight, but finger blast the shit outta her, she like that too!"

At first it was just 2 pairs of hands groping my tits and rubbing my thighs. Then it was 3, then 4, then too many to count. Then they were reaching underneath my top, pinching and twisting my nipples. Or pulling down my shorts and rubbing my pussy lips through my thong. Soon I couldn't even count how many men were crowded around Tony and I. I was literally the center of attention. There were so many hands groping me roughly that I started to groan in pleasure and pain. They slapped my tits and pulled hard on my nipples. They grabbed my little cunt lips and pulled them apart, stretching my little hole for their viewing pleasure.

'What a sexy tight bodied whore, we really lucked out tonight. God I wish I could shove my cock inside her," men kept commenting on my body as they molested me.

"Please, not so hard," I begged, apparently to a room full of deaf men. They pushed and shoved each other to grab a handful of tit, pussy or ass. 

Two men shoved a finger inside my cunt at the same time, stretching my hole as far as they could. I begged them to go easy on me but instead they each inserted another finger inside me. 4 fingers total. Fucking in and out as hard and as fast as they could. A young dude, early 20s, pushed his way to the front of the crowd. The two men fingering me were pushed aside and he angrily forced 4 fingers into my cunt and fingered me like he was brutally punishing a punching bag! I squirted all over his arm! My fan club of dirty perverts ooo-ed and ahhh-ed as I jizzed all over the place. 

"Ohhhhh fuck fuck fuck gahhhahhhhhoooo" I yelled incoherently as jizz squirted from my pussy and soaked the front row. "Fuuuuuckkkkkkk oh god my poor cunt!!"

From that point on, it was every man's goal to make me squirt like a fountain. The finger-bangings got rougher and rougher with each man that took his turn abusing me. They absolutely wrecked my g-spot. Keep in mind, I was just gang fucked by 20 men the night before and literally just minutes ago let two random strangers hammer-pound my pussy in the Couples room. So I was already bruised and sore. By the time they were done round-robin finger blasting me my gspot was so sensitive I swear I could cum just from you looking at me! Moreover, my nipples felt like they were going to bleed from all the twisting and pulling and my asscheeks were pink from being groped and spanked for "being such a whore."

Tony suddenly stood up and grabbed me from the crowd of men. He tossed me onto an empty couch and slammed his rock hard 8 inch THICK cock all the way into my sloppy soaking wet pussy. He continued beating my pussy up while I screamed and begged him to fuck me harder and use me like a whore! 

"Im giving em a show baby," he said as he fucked me again. "Show em who owns this pussy. Show em who knows how to fuck this pussy up, hard and rough, you love it,"

"Ohhhh yessss daddy!! Use me, my cunt has been aching for this rough fucking daddy!!" I yelled at Tony, begging him to fuck me harder in front of a roomful of perverted strangers.

There was still a thick crowd surrounding us, they were jerking their peckers watching Tony's massive black cock abuse my tight hole. The men standing closest to us were still wrecking my sensitive little nipples. I was hit with another rocking orgasm when I heard Tony tell they guys they could jizz on me. Well, it didn't take long for warm jizz to hit my pretty face, my titties, my stomach, even my thighs. Pretty much every guy in the room offered their sperm up to me and I was covered. I must have literally looked like a cum dumpster - multiple guys blowing their hot sticky load anywhere they wanted on my slutty body. Tony (and many others) were snapping pics and videos of me so I put on a show, using my tongue to slurp up as much cum as I could and rubbing their jizz into my perky titties and hard nipples. 

Tony used my shorts and tank top to wipe all the jizz off of me. "Sorry your clothes are ruined. Looks like we need to go shopping to find you an outfit for tonight!" he said.

He grabbed my arm and pulled me out of the theater, back down the hallway and into the public porn shop. All while I was butt ass naked. Surprise surprise, the two high school aged shop clerks behind the counter didn't have a problem with me baring all my goodies to the store patrons. There were several men shopping around who also didn't have a problem with my exhibitionism - in fact, they gravitated a little closer to us to get a better view. I felt like a stripper on display!

Tony picked 2 outfits off the rack. "Try this one on first," he said.

I took the see-through black dress from his hands and slipped it on. 

"Sooo, what do you gentlemen think?" he asked the men milling about the room as he took my hand and walked me around in circles, strutting around in the tiny see thru black dress like a whore.

"Sexy as fuck," one of the guys muttered.

"God I want to tear that up," another guy said.

"Alright, alright," Tony replied to the crowd. "But how about this one??"

I stripped out of the black dress and changed into the 2nd outfit Tony picked - a little white shelf bra (you know, it's kind of like a push-up bra that doesn't have any cups, so it's like a display shelf for your tits) and a matching white thong with clear stripper heels. 

"Holy fucking shit, I'm gonna bust just looking at her," I heard someone say.

I looked like a sultry, steamy sex-pot and I could feel everyone's eyes burning into me. Tony held my hand and guided me around the room again, letting them all get a closer look. The store's air conditioning made my bare nipples so hard they could cut glass. My sensitive little nips were on display, absolutely begging to be pinched. On our way to the check out desk we stopped by every single man who was shopping. Tony made the same offer to them all - "Grope her titties, feel how wet she is and pick one toy to use on her, right here and right now."

"Oh geez," I thought to myself. What was Tony getting me into now!?

There were two guys standing in the bondage section. They devoured my flesh with their rough hands, slapping my face and tits, groping my nipples and pussy roughly. They each sucked and bit my nipples while finger fucking me before they made their toy selection. One guy pulled a pair of chained nipple clamps off the wall and applied each rubber clamp to my hard nipples. I gasped in pain. He slapped my face, pulled the chain, fucked me with 3 thick fingers and told me I was the best whore he'd ever met. The other guy chose a pair of handcuffs. My hands were pulled behind my back so he could apply each cuff to my slender wrists. My breasts stuck out on my chest, looking very proud of their new nipple jewelry. I looked like I was begging someone to pull the clamps.

Tony obliged and pulled me by my nipple chain across the room over to a 3rd guy who was standing next to a wall of butt plugs. He selected a little pink plug for me. He opened it from the plastic package and shoved it into my mouth. 

"Lube it up baby," he said as he pushed it in circles down my throat while he slapped my tender flesh from my tits to my pussy lips.

He bent me over and slowly pushed the butt plug into my super tight, barely used anus. I looked up at Tony as I winced in pain, who was smiling wickedly down at me. I knew what that evil grin was for. He's been saying since I met him that my ass belongs to him, yet he hasn't fucked my asshole yet. I knew instantly that tonight was the night. His big black 8 inch cock was gonna tear my ass up!

As soon as the plug was fully inserted into my tight ass, I was surprised to find out it was a vibrating butt plug! He turned it on a low vibration and my ass was on fire!! It was unlike any sensation I'd ever felt before! I felt so vulnerable and full and my entire body felt sensitive to every little touch, especially the hard spankings this man was giving me. Each time his hand smacked my ass, I clenched tightly around the plug. 

Tony guided me to the check out desk so he could pay for my new outfit and all these new toys - nipple clamps, handcuffs and a vibrating butt plug - all of which were still torturing my poor slutty body. Tony allowed the two young porn shop clerks to use my body while he paid for our items. These 18 year old high school boys were rough as fuck. Oh god, they hurt my nipples so bad as they pulled the clamps roughly off my body then proceeded to torture my nipples with their fingernails and teeth. They continued their brutal assault on my pussy as they each violently fingered me with 4 fingers. I'd never been fingered this rough with a vibrating plug in my ass, so needless to say, I squirted all over the place! 

Once every man in the porn store had finished abusing my tender flesh, it was finally time to head to the bachelor party. I was exhausted, my poor body was sore from being groped for a few hours by complete strangers and I wasn't sure if I could physically withstand another brutal ganbang, which I was sure this bachelor party would be. 

"It's an hour drive to my buddy's place," Tony said as we hopped in his car and pulled out of the Southside Video Exchange parking lot. "I cancelled the stripper I ordered for tonight, cuz now you're the entertainment tonight. We're gonna turn you inside out and I'm finally gonna fuck that little ass. So sleep on the way there cuz you're gonna need your energy!" Tony also allowed me to ride the whole way there without the clamps or handcuffs on. When I asked if I could take the buttplug out, he refused and said everything was going back on the second we arrived there.
