 My girlfriend asked me over to her place this afternoon and it turned into an amazing time. 

When I arrived Kris was looking very sexy, with gorgeous makeup, hair done, a beautiful robe on and to my surprise I saw nylons on her sexy legs, and sexy high heels finished her off. 

After a quick kiss at the door, she led me towards her bedroom, once she stepped inside her room she turned and stopped me in my tracks. I nearly ran her over as my eyes were watching her robe and the sexy sway of her ass, and thinking about the nylons and if were held by a garter or not. My cock was stirring in my shorts already.

I tried to move past Kris into her room, but she put her arm on the door jam.

"Kneel," was all she said. I looked at her face, her look was stern but with a hint of devious. Her eyes were beautiful green gray, and again had a twinkle of the devil in them. 

She cocked her head to the side as a way of reiterating her statement, so I complied and knelt in front of her. My mind switched gears from being excited to being demure and submissive. 

"Open my robe," was the next command.

I did so, pulling on the simple knot, and the side of the robe opened to reveal a matching garter, pantie and bra set. Her skin smelled of a fresh shower and body lotion. But the most prevalent sight beyond her beauty was her glass cock. Kris was wearing beautiful strapon harness and attached was a glass dildo!

A shudder went thru my body like a bolt of electricity. I looked up at her from the submissive position of kneeling in front of her. Kris gave me a look of love, dominance, mixed with the biting of her bottom lip, I knew my place. But I wanted to test the waters and reached up for her let breast with my right hand and it was quickly pushed away.

"Suck it," was the words that cemented my role this afternoon in my mind. And I gladly leaned forward and took the head of her "cock" into my mouth. I actually could feel a little bit of shaking in my mouth with the dildo, but I couldn't tell if it was my body or my Mistress's doing the excited shake.

A slight thrust from her hips made my mouth deep throat the dildo. I was into the scenario as I made sure to use my tongue on the under side of her cock. With each thrust of her hips and my mouth getting used to her cock, I was getting it further into my mouth and down my throat. I felt a fingertip on my left cheek, and I instinctively looked up at my Mistress. As I did this is purposely dragged my mouth off her cock and slowed down at the head to have my Mistress watch my lips catch on the head and then drag over the head. When I was off her cock completely, I never took my eyes from hers, and stuck my tongue out as far as possible. My Mistress laid her cock on my tongue and slowly but with controlled intention, pushed her cock down my throat. My eyes rolled back and I soon felt her cock easing in and out of my mouth, with a quickening momentum of fucking my face.

Kris had been very quiet through all this. I have no idea of how long we had been playing out game of dominant and submissive, but I didn't care too much as I was pleasing my Mistress. Her thrusts had steadied now and I heard moans from her as well. The moans were the approval from my Mistress to show she was enjoying herself. But as much as I listened to the moans, I caught yet another sound. There were two sets of moans! "Oh my god how could that be!" I thought to myself. And my eyes open wide to hers then tried to scan her room. I caught the foot of a male at the end of her bed. I followed it up to see a man of my similar size, 6 foot 1 inch, stroking a meaty looking cock.

"Brad here had is way with me just before you got here, he pounded my pussy harder than I thought possible, I came a lot on that cock, now strip your clothes off and get on that bed and clean my cum off his cock!" said my Mistress.

With lightning speed and trembling hands I strip my clothes off and as I dropped my boxers, my hard cock was caught on the material and bounced around as I climbed up between Brad's legs. 

On all fours, I stuck out my tongue and swirled around his cock head and the dove straight down to the base of his cock. I was bouncing my head up and down on his cock, sucking, swirling my tongue around the head.

I must have looked like a consumed cock sucker, as I kept at my motions for what seemed like several minutes. I cupped Brad's heavy balls and heard my Mistress speak.

"Brad emptied his load of cum deep in my pussy before you got here. I bet you would have like to have seen how he pounded me with no regard for my satisfaction, just for his own needs to cum."

Without stopping my cleaning of Brad's cock, I mumbled with my mouth full "yes mistress," or as best I could.

There was movement on the bed, but I was not concerned about that as I was sucking a hot, throbbing full sized cock. What I felt next took me by surprise but was very welcomed. A finger with cool lube was running around the outside of my ass. Then the wonderful pleasure of feeling the pressure of her finger pressing inside the ring. I now used my whole body to suck Brad's cock. Rocking my body back towards the invading finger and off the cock in my mouth. And then forward to suck it down my throat and take my ass away from the finger. Which now Mistress had joined with another to have 2 fingers seesawing their way in and out of my ass. With a forward motion down his cock and away from the fingers, I pushed back for the fingers, but much to my surprise I backed my ass on to her strapon dildo!

The feeling of being invaded by the smooth glass, feeling it run past my prostate, and then her hands on my hips made me groan loudly on Brad's cock. Now I had no control of the movement with cock at each end of my body, as my Mistress thrust into me, pushing me forward but would hold her cock deep inside my ass. That would cause me to take Brad's cock deeper in my throat. Brads breathing was becoming heavier and heavier.

"Did you teach him how to suck cock Kris?" Brad asked my Mistress.

Her reply seemed to be steeped in some pride, "No, he is a natural I guess, or probably he likes cock in his mouth and likes to suck cock. i like to suck cock and because of that i think i am pretty damn good. I sucked your cock to full hardness in my mouth Brad this afternoon, wouldn't you agree I am good at sucking cock? "

A groan was all he could muster, as my Mistress's words filled my heart with pride and wanting to please both now.

Brad announced he was close to cumming. As he said that I tasted the slick fluid of precum. I knew what it was as my Mistress had fed my own precum many times before. With his announcement, my Mistress started to have no mercy on my ass. My hips were firmly in her hands, and I think I heard her gasping for air as I hope she was watching her cock pound into me.

I heard a groan followed by a deep masculine grunt and I felt the hot man seed hit my throat. I caught me by surprise somewhat, and some escaped the corners of my mouth. I continued to suck Brad's cum and now clean his cock again. Soon he got smaller in my mouth and I gasped for air. 

"You've been a good little cuck so far, now turn over." Mistress said as she almost violently pulled her cock out of my ass.

I did as she wanted, as I got on my back, she moved to the side of the bed. I wasn't sure of what was going on. Brad now was on the other side of the bed and I saw that he was hard a rock again! He swiftly moved to my legs, lifted them up and thrust forward aiming his cock to my ass. Mistress obviously did a great job opening me up as Brad slide right in to the base of his cock. I felt his pelvic bone hit me above my ass. Wow what a feeling of hot cock inside of me I thought. Then the twitching of his cock made me realize I had another man's cock in me. He was now going to use my hole for his pleasure. I had pleased him with my mouth now it would be my ass.

As the excitement of being pummeled by Brad washed over me, Mistress had gotten up on the bed and now knelt quickly on my face. The wetness of her pussy pleased me so much. This really was about her. What she wanted, what she needed to do to get off.

"Now tongue clean me out cuck, clean Brad and what's his name, oh ya Victor, clean both of their cum out of my pussy, suck it my cuck!" Mistress said.

To my alarm, pleasure, and amazement i realized that now I know not only one guy had fucked her today, but she bedded two guys.

The ass fucking I was receiving brought me back to reality. In this position, Brad was hitting my spot almost too well. Mistress had hit it before with the strapon and has fucked me like this before but now a hot throbbing cock was doing the job oh so well.

Mistress spun around on my face, now facing the action I believe she wanted to see. Her breathing was picking up, her whimpers were now full moans. Her wetness was now going down the sides of my cheeks. 

"Now Brad stroke my cucks cock," Mistress was now directing what she wanted from Brad. "Do it slowly. He's leaking all that precum out. You're hitting that spot just right. Oh wow, seeing that cock glide into his ass is turning me on so much...ooh ooh gooaaawd!"

My Mistress had just cum hard, harder than I had ever felt before. She was gushing her cum like a faucet on my face.

"Let go of his cock now!" Mistress said.

The combination of his stroking of my cock, his fucking my ass and sliding past my spot and finally my Mistress cumming on my face, did the job. My orgasm felt like a shaken up coke bottle had its lid flicked off, and the amount of cum seemed not to stop. I could feel my ass twitching around Brad's cock. Brad couldn't hold out any longer either as he groaned loudly and I felt a hotness inside seep deep into me.

Very much so. With the bisexual, strap on, cuck thing...hell yes I do.