 Vacation! God how long has it been? This will be wonderful... going to a romantic place with the man you love and - for a whole week - you don't have to cut up anyone else's meat... no bedtime stories (unless you count the Penthouse Letters.) No hurt knees or feelings to soothe. Only you and Michael and your fantasies. 

You got lucky; the plane isn't crowded. You settle in - Michael by the window, you by the aisle and no one in between. The plane takes off and Michael lifts the armrests between you. You snuggle down into his lap as he runs his hands through your hair and reads the airline magazines. You're enjoying the absentminded attention when you realize it's not quite as absentminded as you thought. There is a growing lump under your head. Your hand reaches up to check for sure, and there it is. Michael's thoughts are already in vacation mode. You look up at him and smile, and begin to pet that favorite cock of yours. No objection from above. 

He smiles down at you. "Wanna join the mile high club?" You respond with that "fuck me" look that he knows so well and get up and walk to the rear toilets. He follows. There's no one back there, so you enter a stall with him right behind. No time for anything fancy here, you just want him to fuck you, to feel him come inside you, and quickly. He drops his shorts and sits on the john. You drop yours and back down into his lap, his cock entering you easily. His hands move around under your blouse to your breasts, playing with your nipples and squeezing as you start to move up and down his shaft while you rub your clit. 

You can see yourself in the mirror, open mouth, breathing hard. half-open eyes. You notice how sexy you look. You come almost immediately. Surprised, he needs to come right away, too, so he stands you up, bends you over, and starts to fuck you from behind. Faster and deeper than he could sitting down. You are both watching yourselves in the mirror. Then, his face begins to contort and he comes, too. You love the feeling in your cunt as he swells just before he comes and then shoots load after load of come inside you. That feeling, combined with seeing his contorted ecstatic face make you start to come. Then your hand moves to your clit and the orgasm starts in earnest - harder this time, making your knees shake as he continues to pump you from behind. 

This is going to be a great vacation. You both start laughing as you try to get your clothes back into position. Then, exiting the john, you see two stews smiling knowingly your direction. You're embarrassed, but now you're a member of the mile high club and it was great, and the stews know it and you're actually proud.

Ah.... Florida... warm water... white beaches... tanned and beautiful people swarming... tempting. You check into your hotel room and start to change into your swimwear. He looks at your beautiful body as you change. Your bikini bottoms are half way up when you look over and see his cock at half-mast... ready for more. The bikini slowly and seductively drops to the floor... and when it does, Michael's cock continues to grow as he stares your way... YAY! 

You walk over to him and fondle his cock which continues to grow in your hands... you drop to your knees and lick his balls... little Michael is standing tall now... and dripping all over your hands... you then take him into your mouth and he starts to pump slowly and deeply down your throat. God it's erotic. You have his entire attention now and you control him... his hands grab your hair and he's now fucking your mouth in earnest. As he starts to come, you open your mouth to let his come drip down your face... and it does. It's copious... and it drips down across your breasts and slowly down to your belly and cunt. It feels wonderful, tastes wonderful and makes you hornier than ever. 

Michael takes the initiative now... laying you back on the floor and covering you with his body...

"Whose come is this all over you?" as he rubs his body against yours...

"Some guy I met on the plane."

"You sucked off some guy you met on the plane?"

"He's got a beautiful cock. I loved it."

His fingers go inside your cunt now. "I suppose you fucked him, too."

"Yes," you say in your little girl's voice. "He wanted me to."

He's really fucking you with his fingers now... three inside and his palm rubbing your clit. "You'll fuck anyone who wants you to?"

You start to come now and through clenched teeth, your head thrashing from side to side, you fuck his hand and moan, "Yeeeeesssssssssssssss!" 

You both lie panting on the floor with come everywhere... all over both your bodies. You feel like the sexiest slut that ever lived. When Michael says, "we'll see about that," You practically come at the promise in his voice.

The pool, the beach, 20 yards apart. It's hard to choose. Right now, it's the pool. A hot day and the water is cool. There's a beautiful swim up bar and a wall of rock with water cascading down to give it a tropical feel Behind the waterfall there is a little alcove, a place you can look through the water from behind. Tt's beautiful. Besides, there's food and drink service at the pool, and the beach is too hot to walk across right now. This is vacation. There will be no discomfort! 

You and Michael take adjoining lounge chairs under a palm tree and get out the suntan lotion. Both of you get pretty well covered - with a little help from the other - and you almost melt to his touch when he rubs it on your back and butt. You are feeling very sensual. Everything looks, tastes, feels, and sounds in "Technicolor." Colors brighter. Tastes more intense. Touches electric. The sound of the waterfall is soothing and entrancing. You are in heaven. 

There is a man lying on the lounge chair next to Michael's. In an earlier life, he could have been a lifeguard... certainly athletic... tan... very good looking. He and Michael strike up a conversation. You hope he is and you hope he isn't talking about what you think he may be... Michael's fantasy? Oh God. There is a wet spot forming on your new suit. You decide you'd better get into the water to cover it up by making everything wet. You walk/swim around a bit and the water feels extraordinary against your skin. 

Michael is still talking to his new friend and laughing... You continue to explore the pool, walking behind the waterfall. It's cool... there's a constant wet breeze from the waterfall... the noise is loud but not deafening... it's just that you're unable to hear anything outside the waterfall... and no one can see in. You watch Michael and the other guy talking and imagine fucking them both... and you can feel your labia swelling at the thought. That special "fullness" that comes of sexual desire. Your hand crosses your breasts and the touch on your nipples is electric. You wonder. Your hand strays to your pussy and everything is at attention, so you begin to rub a bit - just a gentle, feel good tracing of your pussy lips. You can't believe you want sex so soon again. You continue to rub, lost in the wonderful sensations.

Then, Michael enters the alcove. Your hand draws back quickly as if you were a little girl getting caught with her hand in her pants. He's got a big smile, and kisses you... not just a hello kiss, but a real "god-I-want-to-fuck-you-and-we're-on vacation-isn't this-cool" kiss. Your response is immediate (after all, you've been getting yourself ready.) You start to breathe more heavily. You want him now. Then, his new friend comes into the alcove with him. You're too sexually excited and nervous to say anything. What WERE they talking about? He says, "hi."

Michael introduces you to David. He's a salesman from North Carolina taking a couple of extra days before he heads back home. He's not only gorgeous, but his accent is compelling, a gentle southern drawl. His eyes are seeing through you. You just know that he knows how turned on you are. Michael says, "David thinks you're very sexy."

David protests, saying that it isn't fair for him to tell you - at least not in front of him - but he's not really angry. Michael's arm is around you and his hand is cupping your breast. You can feel it all the way down into your cunt. Both men have large bulges in their suits. God, is this happening? You swallow hard. Everything is feeling "full" and turned on. Ry this place. By two men both of whom apparently want you. 

Your eyes close involuntarily for a second as you try to catch your breath... Michael takes David's hand and moves it to your other breast. God. God. God. If you weren't in the water, you wouldn't be able to stand. Your right hand moves to Michael's bulge. He's really turned on. Your eyes dip in sexual excitement. There's a huge lump in your throat. Michael takes your hand and moves it to David's bulge. He's huge. You massage it gently for a minute and David's eyes close in ecstasy. Your hand moves inside his suit. His hand strays to your cunt. You almost come... 

Then, Michael takes you in his arms from behind and holds you floating in front of him. Your legs wrap around David. Michael is kissing you and squeezing your nipples as you hump against David's bulge. Both your suits are still on, but the rubbing is exciting. You do not believe this is happening. Then you start to come. You let yourself go and hump like a maniac against David's very large cock. Both men have their hands all over you now. You become a wild wanton slut - something you've always wanted to be, but never had the courage except with Michael. It's magic. David's hand moves your suit away from your cunt and pulls his own down so you're actually touching his cock now, not entering, but rubbing against his erect cock which your cunt is holding against his stomach. Then it hits you. You start to come. Your eyes roll back. Your head moves side to side. "Unghhh" escapes your lips. David's cock starts to ejaculate into the water. The spasms making you come even harder. Michael is holding you, keeping you safe. Your legs are holding David against you, feeling the pulsing in his cock and rubbing up and down against him. Your lips are kissing Michael. Heaven.

As you come down from your marvelous high, Michael looks at you like he can barely contain himself. He needs to come. As he kisses you, you notice that David's hand has sneaked into Michael's swimming suit. What a turn on. Oh God. David says, "Let's go up to your room." You and Michael nod weakly in agreement.

In the room, all pretense goes away. You are all suddenly naked and in the bed. Michael and David both have their hands all over you and in you. A cock appears at your mouth and you hungrily suck it in. You don't cares whose it is. Suddenly you are in a 69 lying on your side. Fingers start to toy with your nipples. It's David's cock in your mouth. You can taste your own juices from just a few minutes ago. Delicious. Another cock starts to bury itself in your cunt, just teasing the entrance and backing out. You can't believe how wet you are. You try to fuck him back to get him deeper, but he just moves away slightly, keeping only about two inches sliding in and out. It only makes you want him more. You're really working on David's cock now. It's full, huge head going in and out of your mouth as your hands slide up and down the beautiful shaft. You want to feel him come; to see that glorious cock spurting love fluid all over your mouth and face. Michael's cock goes deeper now. Your legs pull up higher, surrounding David's body and holding him tight. You feel his tongue on your slit, tasting, licking. 

All the while, Michael is pumping you deeper and deeper inside you. Then David's tongue goes inside you with Michael's cock! Then back out again. A wonderful sensual warmth overtakes you at the thought of David's tongue in your cunt at the same time as Michael's cock. The thrill Michael must feel intensifies your need, your hunger, to make both of these men come. And they do. Michael's pace quickens and so does David's. Everyone is in full lust mode right now. Then the tingling at the base of your spine, all across your back and down your thighs. Your whole body is alive with orgasm, and you come, milking Michael's cock with your cunt and David's with your mouth. Both of them come when you do. Ragged breathing fills the room. The wonderful smell of sex is everywhere. There is come everywhere you look... it covers your face and fills your cunt. This will be an orgasm to remember. You lie still afterward, not wanting to move; trying to create a sense memory of the occasion that you'll never forget.

Michael's cock slips from your cunt... your legs are still wrapped around David. There is a slight movement around your pussy and you dare to sneak a look... Michael's cock is in David's mouth... and coming back to life! You're afraid to move, not wanting to spoil the moment for either of them and it's an incredible turn on to watch them. David's cock is growing in front of you. Obviously both men are enjoying themselves. You let them continue and slowly extricate yourself from between them. Yyou need to watch this amazing moment. David doesn't stop, and Michael obviously doesn't want him to. They are fucking each others mouths now, eyes closed, rapid breathing. You know they are both going to come, and they do. Simultaneous explosions into waiting hungry mouths. A sight you'll never forget, and it's turning you on again. Your hand reaches your cunt. It's already - or is that still? - on fire and you begin to rub in slow circular motions around your clit...

The boys are finished now... spent and drained... they turn to see you masturbating.

"So," says David, "you haven't had enough?"

In a husky voice you say, "I guess not, sailor."

Both guys are on you at once, smelling of come - their own and yours - eager to please you. This gets you even more excited, especially when there are two cocks in front of you growing a little more each minute. David is the first to take the cue. He gets on top and covers you with his body, his cock knocking on your pussy's door. You invite him in with a thrust and he goes as deeply as he can. Thrust after thrust gets you groaning again. You can't believe this is happening. Then, he turns over to bring you on top of him. You settle in for a great fuck. You lie down on top of him and fuck him for all he's worth. It's your mission to give him the greatest fuck of his life. David is sucking on your nipples now and you are overwhelmed with sensation. Then, a finger starts to play with your very wet asshole. Ohhhhh... enough to put you over the edge. The finger goes inside, deeper and deeper, in time with your fucking. You are being violated in the most wonderful way possible. Fingers and cock playing against each other inside you. You come again. Deep. Strong. Hard contractions wrack your body, as wave after wave of incredible sweetness fills you. You come. Your entire mind and body surrendering to the moment. A moment you will never forget. You think you might have screamed when David came inside you, but you don't care. Right here right now you are the center of the universe and you love it.

Spent, you collapse on top of David, his cock slipping out as you do... you can feel what seems to be gallons of come oozing from your pussy. Michael starts laughing... then so do you... then David. This has been an amazing experience.

David announces that he has a plane to catch... but that he's not happy about it. You and Michael groan a bit, but you're both too weak to protest... David leaves quietly as you and Michael snuggle and fall asleep... the scent of sex heavy in the air.

When you wake, you can still smell the come in the air. Heady stuff. Michael is sleeping like a baby with his arm across your chest. He always looks like a little boy when he sleeps. You hope he isn't embarrased because he had sex with another man. It was a major turn-on to watch. You bring his hand to your mouth to kiss it. Whoa. Amazing strong odor of sex. You kiss his hand, then taste it. Then you really get into it and decide to lick his hand clean. It becomes very erotic as you taste, lick and suck his fingers, almost like having a cock to suck. 

You feel something moving against your leg. Yay! Little Mikey wants to play again. He hasn't been this hot since before you were married. Michael's breathing hasn't changed, but you know he must be conscious on some level because his dick is getting hard, and dripping against your leg. You never were one to waste a hard-on if you could aviod it, so you turn to your side, put your leg over his, and place his cock against your labia, spreading them with your fingers to allow full contact. It's a sweet feeling. Almost non-sexual in the way you feel, just very close and loving. You move your hips back and forth and the contact with your clit changes the mood to sexual rather quickly. You can't really imagine why, but the events of the last few hours combined with this beautiful hard cock against your clitoris make you need to come again. Your movements get stronger. 

Then, Michael begins to wake and starts to move against you. You're both very slippery . He moves inside you. He is now fully awake and hungry to fuck. He turns you on your back and starts to pump very fast, lifting your legs up as far as they will go and holding them there with his arms. You are now on your back with your legs high enough in the air that Michael is pumping down into your cunt... deeper than you ever remember him being. Of course thinking about being full reminded you of having a cock and a tongue inside you at the same time and you get even more excited. Since your legs are raised so high, you can actually watch his cock moving in and out of your pussy; watch your cunt try to hang on to him as he comes out and welcoming him back in, pumping faster and faster as he starts to come. His cock getting bigger and bigger inside you. The look on his face is enough to send you over the edge. You're coming again as you feel his cock begin to spasm. Your eyes roll back. You see stars. Michael collapses on top of you, holding you closely and desperately. Panting, you both fall into a sleepy cuddle. Can sex get any better than this? 

After a two hour nap, you are ready for dinner. Now, there's come all over you, all over Michael - all over the room for that matter, and you both need a shower. Michael is still barely moving, so you get up and get showered while he wakes. You step into the shower and when the water hits you, it turns the dried come into a slippery sensual delight. Your whole body feels like a wet cunt. You get a little horny thinking over the last few hours, but let it go. The night is still young and you're already fresh-fucked! When Michael gets in with you, you exchange a couple of gentle kisses and you get out to dress for dinner. No need for sex right now; you're pretty sated. and so is he. It strikes you that you kissed the kids good-bye only twelve hours ago, and stepped into the sensual vacation of your dreams. You put on your sexiest short dress, Thigh high stockings and no panties; you're feeling very sexy tonight!

Drinks in the lounge... nice place... friendly barmaids. TV up in the corner of the room with some sort of extreme games competition going on. You walk in, sit at the bar and order a Margarita. So does Michael. You are both glowing a bit from all the sexual flush of the day, and you're acting like new lovers. Kisses between sips. 

It strikes you that you haven't told Michael how wonderful it was to live out his fantasy. You mention it to him, and he gets a little embarrassed. "I'm not gay," he says. There's actually a tear in his eye, and this makes you love him more That he'd actually think you thought he was gay... he's being open and as honest as anyone can be and suddenly you want to hold him on your arms forever. "I know Baby. If you were gay you wouldn't be the great fuck you always are." His relief is immediate and evident. You kiss his face and taste the tear. You've never felt this close to another person. You are the most in love you've ever been.
