 It was just supposed to be a ride home for a casual friend that we knew from our local watering hole. Honestly, that was the intention, but fate?, luck?, happenstance? intervened...

That Friday night was a bit on the slow side at Kelly's what it being the holiday weekend and all that. Jesse and I were there for a TGIF drink or five, and to shoot a bit of pool. It was mostly regulars in Kelly's that night with a few 'newbies' thrown in the mix. Jesse was taking on challengers on one of the pool tables while I socialized with some of our friends, etc. On some Fridays we were usually at a party hosted by some of the swingers that were members of the same 'social' club that we belonged to, but, not this night.

Jesse and I had been swinging for a few years, both of us finding threesomes a treat. We were both Bi-sexual and had no problems finding male or female partners. Of course, we did couples as well, but had you asked either of us our preference, threesomes would have been our answer.

But this night wasn't about swinging, at least that's how it started out.

Around ten or so, Kelly's had thinned out to maybe ten or twelve regulars, one of which was Rob, a younger guy in his mid to late twenties. I say younger because at this time in our lives, Jesse was thirty-eight and I was forty-two, not old, but older. Anyway, Rob had been around a year or so, having moved here after college for a job. He was on the quiet side, polite, and very amicable. Rob had drifted to our table, he and I taking turns against Jesse on the pool table and sharing drinks and shots. Well, actually, they did most of the shots since I was the DD (designated driver) and I was nursing my drinks carefully.

Jesse, as usual, looked splendid; five foot eight, a hundred and ten pounds in a slim, athletic body, and,as usual, braless in a form-flattering tee. Her smallish, 34B, breasts needed little support, even at thirty-eight. Tiring of playing pool, we all decided to have one last nightcap and leave. Rob casually mentioned that he was going to call a cab and get his car tomorrow since he'd had a 'bit too much', so to speak. I chimed in that we'd be happy to give him a lift to his place, to which, Jesse smilingly agreed.

It was as we waited for Rob to make a pit stop before we left Kelly's that I noticed, for the first time, the 'look' in Jesse's eyes, on her face.

"You get turned on by something?" I kiddingly asked, adding, "or is it just a bit of the Tequila making you horny?"

Laughing, Jesse replied, "Is it that obvious? Damn, I need to work on my poker face," adding, "that it was a bit of both."

"Really?" So what turned you on?" I asked in return.

"You have to admit that Rob is a rather cute, young package and you know how I get when I drink Tequila," Jesse smilingly said.

Later, a few years down the road, there would be a country song about how "Tequila makes her clothes fall off," or something like that. That could have been written about Jesse.

"Do you want to have a 'go' at Rob?," I asked.

She got a pensive look, scrunched up her face a bit, and replied, "I don't know,what do you think?"

Seeing Rob emerge from the restroom, I simply replied, "Play it like you want, baby, I'm game if it goes that way."

Smiling, she just leaned up and kissed me, slipping her tongue in my mouth quickly.

"Damn, ya'll sure you don't want me to take a cab so that you can get home," Rob said, laughing afterwards.

With a hint of where her head was at the moment, Jesse laughed and gave Rob a quick peck on the lips, saying, "Well, if I can't wait until we get home,and since I'm in the company of two good-looking men, I ought to be able to solve my problem, don't you think?", pulling Rob by his hand towards the door while his alcohol-laced brain slowly processed what he had just heard.

I simply smiled when he looked at me questioningly, following the two of them out of the door.

Jesse flipped up the fold-down armrest in my car, sliding into the middle of the front seat, pulling Rob in with her to sit 'shotgun'. After I got in and started the car, she casually remarked as she settled in between us, "Ooooh, between two guys, does it get any better than this for a gal?" Leaning towards me as I was about to drive away, she gave me a long, tongue-probing kiss, her hand tracing slow patterns up and down my thigh, through my pants, producing an instant erection.

Breaking off the kiss with me as I slipped the car into gear, Jesse winked at me, saying, "Seems like, to be fair, I owe Rob a kiss too, don't you think?" and turning her head towards Rob, she leaned over and gave him a sweet, soft kiss, his eyes quickly flashing up to mine in a questioning look. I smiled at him, nodded my head in approval, and drove away as he and Jesse continued to kiss, her hand casually dropping onto his thigh as they did so.

Rob had already given me directions to his place, which I followed, the sounds from them indicating that the soft, sweet kiss was getting a bit more intense.

"You're a good kisser, Rob," Jesse said in a a voice that betrayed her horniness, "Let's try that again," leaning into him once more, this time with her hand behind his head and her body turned more towards him to better facilitate the kiss.

I glanced over and saw Jesse's nipples straining the fabric of her tee as they continued to kiss, Rob seemingly comfortable that I wasn't going to throttle him for playing kissy-face with my wife. Drivng with one hand on the wheel, I casually reached over with my other and began caressing and fondling Jesse's breasts, her nipple pushing hard against the palm of my hand and her moans of contentment becoming increasingly louder as their kissing became more intense. Reaching over, I took Rob's hand in mine and placed it on Jesse's breast, returning my hand to the wheel. When Rob began fondling Jesse's tits as the kissing continued, the sound from Jesse changed from a low moan to a horny, low-throated, growl...you know what that sounds like, don't you?

Moving my hand to her thigh, I slipped it between her legs, squeezing her thighs through her jeans which caused her legs to separate a bit so that I could 'properly' rub her, the heat from her crotch reaching through the denim to my skin. Jesse broke off the kiss and leaned her head against the seat-back, her eyes closed and a satisfied smile on her face. I continued rubbing and touching her between her legs, they now splayed open even more. Rob took his hand from her breasts when she stopped the kiss but Jesse took his hand and put it back on her tits, saying, "Oooh no, don't stop that, it really feels good." Rob looked at me for what? Approval? Direction?, I don't know but I just smiled and gave him a go-ahead nod. Knowing now that he was probably going to get some pussy, Rob relaxed and got into it, fondling Jesse's breasts as I rubbed on her pussy, over her jeans. For her part, Jesse casually and, expertly, placed her hands onto our respective crotches, grabbing our packages and fondled us while we continued to fondle her.

As I pulled into the driveway of his patio home, Jesse opened her eyes, saying, "So soon? I'm not ready to go home quite yet, this feels tooooo good."

Looking at Rob, I asked, "What about it, Rob? Think we could continue this inside your place?"

"Absolutely!" was his quick response.

"Maybe I could roll us a joint," I said as I opened my cardoor.

"No need," Rob said, "I've got a couple of doobs already rolled in my stash box."

"Then why aren't we inside already," Jesse contributed to the conversation, a bit of smart-ass in her tone. Laughing, the three of us exited the car.

Inside, Rob poured us each a shot of Tequila, grabbed his box and led us into the living room, the three of us settling in on his large couch. Clinking our glasses together in a toast, we downed the shots, Rob lighting a joint immediately afterwards, which we passed between the three of us.

It took maybe, two (?) nano-seconds, for the combination of the Tequila and smoke to work it's magic, the three of us melting into the back of the couch to enjoy the 'zone'.

I began the play when I started kissing Jesse on her neck, her ear, and finally her mouth, my hand slowly undoing her jeans while I kissed on her. Rob silently watched, his eyes betraying how much he was turned on by the turn of events of the evening. As I pulled Jesse's jeans down and off her hips and legs, revealing a skimpy thong over her bush, she asked Rob to take off her tee, raising her arms over her head so he could do so. Leaning back against the couch, she pulled Rob's head to her left breast first, lifting it, begging him to suck on her tit, as she pulled my head to her right breast, offering it up to me in the same fashion.

While Rob and I feasted on Jesse's firm, smallish breasts (more than a mouthful is really a waste)she expertly unfastened our pants and, one a time, released our hard cocks into her soft, warm hands. The more that we sucked and kissed on her tits, the tighter her grip and stroking of our cocks. Slipping a finger into her thong, I pulled it off of her as she lifted her ass to help the process.

"OK, clothes off, boys", she commanded, resulting in two guys stripping in record time.

I slipped between her legs, lowering my head to her, already wet, pussy, sliding my tongue deep into her which produced a groan of delight from her lips. As I assaulted her pussy orally, she leaned over to Rob, taking his cock deep into her mouth and throat, which, in turn, produced a sigh/moan of pleasure from Rob.

Jesse can suck cock, simply said. She enjoys it and after a few minutes, lifted her head from Rob's shaft, the head glistening with pre-cum, and announced that she thought Rob's cock to be "suckalicious", taking him deep into her throat again afterwards. 

"No, not yet baby, I don't want to cum yet," she said to me as she gently pushed my mouth from her snatch. Slipping off of the couch to kneel between Rob's legs without taking his cock from her mouth, she kneeled before him, her ass-end offered up for me to take. Kneeling behind her, I slipped my dick into her soaked pussy, slowly stroking in and out, slowly building in intensity until I was fucking her harder and harder. Rob's sounds indicated that he was about to lose his load as well. Reaching around with my hand, I massaged Jesse's clit as I pounded her from behind, all three of us making sex-sounds as we approached our climaxes. Jesse screamed as she reached her climax, the sound muffled by his cock in her mouth, followed quickly by Rob and I, he into her mouth, and me, into her pussy.

The three of us collapsed like balloons that had the air let out suddenly, like our skeletons had been torn from our bodies. We lay in various stages of repose, letting the moment slowly seep away from our bodies. Jesse broke the silence when she asked Rob to point her towards the bathroom, after which she excused herself and said as she left the room, "Gather your strength, boys, I'm not quite through with you yet." Rob and I looked at each other and just smiled.

The 'thing' about threesomes is that it's all about the chemistry. When the chemistry is right, it's a concert of sexual satisfaction. This was turning out to be The Boston Pops on steroids. 

When Jesse returned, the three of us shared another doobie, intermingled with a little kissy-face action here and there. Rob admitted that we were his first threesome, a fantasy that he'd thought about for years but until tonight, it'd been just that, a fantasy.

"Did the reality meet up to your expectations?" Jesse asked Rob as she casually stroked him back to hardness.

"The reality blew the fantasy to smitereens," Rob replied, causing the three of us to chuckle.

"Then, lead the way to your bedroom and let's see if we can improve upon that before the night is over," Jesse said simply.

Round two was even more torrid, with Jesse giving me a world-class blowjob (the only kind she knows) as he slowly fucked her from behind. After I'd climaxed, she rolled onto her back, pulling Rob between her legs so that he could finish fucking her (and she, him) 'properly'. I leaned on my elbow at the edge of the bed and enjoyed the show, and a good show it was, let me tell you.

Rob was fucking her hard as she sucked on his nipples, her fingers digging into his ass. When he was ready to pop his nut, she drove her pussy hard against him, grinding as her orgasm meshed with his, the room filled with their sounds of satisfaction and release.

After they had both climaxed, Jesse reached to me, pulling me between her legs, pushing my head towards her freshly-fucked pussy. She loved it when I sucked and licked her pussy after a guy has fucked her and she knew that I loved tasting her juices mixed with another man's cum. For his part, Rob watched intently as I sucked his cum from her, the sight obviously turning him on as his cock twitched and came back to life from watching me. Seeing his cock come alive again, Jesse took him into her mouth once more, sucking him to his third climax as I eagerly sucked on her pussy.

We dragged ourselves out of Rob's place in the wee hours of the early morn, smiles in place, satisfaction evident. As she gave Rob a long, goodnight (morning?) kiss, Jesse said to him, "If you can be discreet about our little adventure tonight, this could become a regular thing for the three of us. Do you think you can do that?"

"I'd love that," he replied, smiling and looking between she and I with, I don't know, graditude?

Rob became one of our more regular partners over the next two years until he was transferred to another city by his job. But, in those two years, he explored with us, joined us at a couple of swinger parties and discovered some bisexual tendencies that he knew he had but didn't know what to do with...but, that's a story for another time.

Like I said, it wasn't supposed to be a swinging Friday, but it is what it is...