 The next morning came quick and I was excited to get going on the breakfast thing. Meraena kept on what she was wearing, a t-shirt and panties, and called for breakfast. It wasn't 15 minutes before the obviously anxious breakfast boy showed up with her food. Meraena asked if he was up for another round while I hid in the bedroom closet. He told her that he was hoping that she would ask. She led him to the bedroom where he kissed her as his hands went to her beautiful round tight ass and squeezed it. 

"Do you like my ass?" she asked, wriggling it slightly. 

"God yes," he said.

"Would you like to fuck it?" Meraena asked.

"I was hoping you would let me. I've been trying to think of a way to ask you if I could."

"I'd love it," she said as she slid off her panties and asked him to remove his clothes, which he wasted no time in doing. 

He turned her around and kissed the back of her neck as his hands went under her tee shirt and began rubbing her tits until her nipples were hard. After playing with her nipples, he reached down and started fingering her now wet pussy as she reached back and grabbed his hard cock. 

"You're ready to go, aren't you baby?" she asked.

"Yes I am," he replied, groaning as her hand slid up and down his shaft. "More than ready."

She turned and said let me suck it for a moment as she kissed him and dropped to her knees, taking his length in her mouth and hand and starting to suck it. After a minute, Mami stopped and said that she needed him in her, grabbing some lube from the dresser drawer. She handed to him and lay with her stomach on the bed as she hiked her waiting ass up for him while he slathered plenty of lube on it because her ass was extremely tight as she told him to start slow. Mami had her dildo so that she could use it on her pussy as he fucked her ass. She inserted in and started moving it in and out. He applied a liberal amount of lube to his cock before beginning. His cock parted her ass cheeks and he pushed in an inch then another until he had filled her ass. He held her hips and began working his cock in and out as Meraena fucked her pussy with the dildo, putting it in deep then back out moaning

"Yes, fuck me. Fuck my tight ass, baby." my Mami moaned and he obliged by sinking his cock deep inside of her.

"It feels so good, babe. It feels so good inside your sweet ass. I can't believe this is happening."

"Believe it, baby, because it is happening. You feel so good and, when you cum it will feel even better. It will make me cum all over my dildo."

"Mmm, I can't wait." 

"Fuck me. Fuck my ass hard and good and fill it with your cum." 

The boy fucked my wife's ass with abandon as I watched from closet. My cock was out in my hand, stiff and throbbing, as I pulled up and down. Watching the young breakfast boy fuck my wife's ass was really turning me on. He spanked her ass as he fucked it, making her moan uncontrollably. 

"Keep going. I'm going to cum," she said. 

"I'm going to cum," he yelled as he fucked her furiously as she fucked her pussy hard and fast with her dildo. 

"I'm going to cum. Harder. Faster," she demanded as he did just that. "Cum for me, baby. Cum in me; cum in my ass!"

As I watched him pump in and out of her tiny little ass, I began to cum hard. I came in my palm as my wife was cumming, her ass bucking and milking the breakfast boy's cock as he streamed his cum deep into her ass.

"I'm cumming!" he yelled.

"I'm cumming too. Yes, yes! Fill my ass with your cum. God yes! Mmm, I'm cumming all over my toy," my wife moaned as he removed his cock from her ass and she collapsed onto her stomach, cum dripping from her ass. 

"God, baby look at my toy; look at my cum all over it."

"You taste delicious," he said as he took her toy and licked her juices off it like a Popsicle then she kissed him and asked how it was to fuck her ass. 

"It was fabulous," he said smiling as he dressed. "How was it for you?"

"The same; it was remarkable."

He smiled and, like the previous encounter, excused himself to return to work after telling her that she should eat her breakfast because it was going to get cold. I emerged from my hiding place and my wife asked how I thought she had done with him. I showed her my cum-filled hand, telling her how sensational it was as gave her a kiss then went to the restroom to wash the semen off my hand. She told me that her pussy was still craving cock so would I fuck it, if I was up to it. I told her she would have to suck me hard first and then I would. She sucked me hard and I quickly mounted her. As we fucked, I thought about the young stud fucking her ass. Just picturing it made me cum, which made her cum as well. It was so good. As we lay in the bed afterward, I asked if she wanted to play another game after we both took a shower.

"Sure. What do you have planed now?"

"I thought that you could wear your mini skirt, this time no panties and we'd go to a bar and separate. You flash your pussy at some guys and have one pick you up and then you take him back to the hotel for a good fucking." 

"Sure," she said. "I'll do it for you Papi." 

We kissed and showered and she readied herself for are outing and she looked hot, very hot if I must say. She shouldn't have any problem achieving our goal. We left for a bar to start our next escapade. We went to the bar closest to our hotel where I gave her a kiss and told her to go do her stuff. She went in first while I waited for five minutes then followed her. My wife was sitting on a stool at the bar which was fairly crowed for mid-afternoon. She ordered a drink and was sipping it as I entered, grabbed a table and ordered myself a drink. As she sipped her drink, she spun her stool around so that she was facing some guys playing pool. They were all quick to notice her as she smiled and parted her legs just enough to give them a glimpse of her gorgeous pussy. That had them all looking and whispering to each other, most certainly about her cunt. It wasn't a minute before a tall good-looking man, well-built and deeply tanned, was at the stool next to my Mami, striking up a conversation and buying her another drink. He wasn't shy about remarking how he had noticed her pussy while at the pool table and asked if she like to leave and have a good fuck. 

"Sure," she said. "Let's go my hotel. It's just short distance from here."

*********************

He agreed and we were off. I smiled at my husband as we left. I was really anxious to get back to the hotel and was feeling extremely horny. As soon as we entered the room, I was on him, kissing him and rubbing his cock through his jeans as I unzipped them. I pulled them down, followed by his boxers, as he picked me up and slid my drenched pussy onto his cock my lips were puffy and my pussy engorged. I gasped as his cock entered me. It was about 9 inches long and very thick. With my legs wrapped around him, he carried me to a table and lay me on my back. He proceeded to fuck me like an animal as I moaned for him to fuck me with his hard cock. In minutes, we both exploded and I pulled him out, dropping to her knees and sucking my juices from his cock, making it hard once again. He then carried me to the bed and started eating my soaking pussy 

"Oh yes, yes! Eat my pussy, baby. Eat it good."

He continued on, almost bringing me to the brink of orgasm as he threw my legs over his shoulder and sank his cock into my pussy. My moaning reached its peak as he groaned uncontrollably, telling me that he was ready to break. I plead with him to cum, but before he could come, I pulled him out. 

"You little bitch! How could you?! I was ready to cum," my partner said angrily. 

I told him that I wanted him to cum in my mouth as I took his throbbing cock in my small hands. I sucked furiously until his hands pulled my head tight against his cock which was now buried deep in my throat. 

"Yes, baby, yes! I'm cumming; I'm cumming. God yes!" he yelled as he shot his load down my throat and I swallowed every drop.

I grabbed my toy and, as he watched, slipped it into my pussy. I brought myself to an orgasm, my hips lifting as I came, covering the dildo with my milky creamy white cum. He watched in awe and told me I was the best fuck he'd ever had. I thanked him and offered him a shower which he took. When he was done, I kissed, thanked him and sent him on his way. Papi was still at the bar, drinking with a black man whom he met, when my recent fuck came back with a smile on his face and boasted about what had taken place. This was Papi's cue to head back to the hotel. Little did I know what he had planned for me. No sooner was I out of the shower, clad only in my panties, when in walked Papi with his new friend. 

"Guess what, Mami? This is a friend I met at the bar," Papi said, running his hands up and down my practically naked body as he introduced his new friend.

"Don't tell me, Papi. You're both going to fuck me, aren't you?"

"Good guess, Mami. You're very right, we are."

Papi and his friend both shed their clothes and the black mans cock sprung out of his shorts as they fell to the floor. It was over 10 inches long and very thick with an upward curve. Papi kissed me and removed my panties which were now soaked as that familiar heat rushed through my body. I stared in awe at the black cock, leaking precum from its tip, as the man slid his hand up and down its length in anticipation.

"How about you lay on your back, Mami? Papi said. 'That way, you can suck my friends cock as I fuck you."

"Sure, Papi," I replied as I lay back on the bed.

The black man positioned himself next to my mouth as Papi moved between my open legs and inserted his stiff cock into my ready pussy as I took the large cock of his new friend into my mouth. I sucked it in deep and back out again, making the curve hit the roof of my tiny mouth on its way to the back of my throat. As Papi fucked me, I sucked. Papi's hands were firmly holding my legs up by the sides of my head, so that he could thrust as deep as possible into my small tight yearning pussy. With each stroke of Papi's cock into me, the black cock thrust back in and filled my mouth. The black man was holding my head and telling me that it felt so good and how I was the best cock-sucker he'd ever met. Papi began pounding his cock into my pussy, unable to stand it any longer. Tightly clenching my legs with his strong muscular hands, Papi shot his cum into my pussy, filling it with his hot seed until it spilled out and ran down my ass cheeks. 

"God, I'm sorry," he exclaimed. "I was just so horny that I couldn't hold it in any longer."

"It's ok, Papi. How about you two switch positions? I will suck your cock and we can let your friend have his way with my tight wet pussy. I'd love to feel his huge black cock inside of my pussy." 

All in agreement, we switched places. Our friend turned me onto my right side and lifted my left leg up; putting me into the scissor position as he sank his curved cock into my sopping pussy. It filled me and felt so good when the curve hit inside of me as I rubbed my clit hard. I moaned around Papi's cock as I was getting fucked, the vibrations of my moans sent Papi into an orgasm and he started to fuck my mouth so hard that I was choking, waiting for him to cum deep in my throat. His black friend's giant curved cock was fucking me like there was no tomorrow, bringing the both of us to the start of a huge orgasm. His moaning and the holding of my leg up as he was rubbing my tits only enhanced the orgasm that was about to consume me. It was heavenly getting fucked, so good and hard and fast. 

Papi broke and spewed his seed into my wanting mouth. It was hard to swallow because of the fucking of my pussy by the black man's beautiful curved penis and the moans that he was forcing from me but I was able to swallow all of his hot cum. I removed it from my mouth and was able to finally breathe again, without obstruction of a cock in my mouth, and I was panting like a race horse after a race. I was biting the sheets and gripping the bed with my free hand while I continued to use the other to rub my clit as the orgasm inside me kept building and building. Papi assumed a position behind and to the side of me and, with lube on his finger, inserted it into my ass in one stroke and fucked my ass with it fast and hard. The black man was fucking me even faster and harder now, asking me if I was ready to cum because he was ready but would hold back until I said the word. I told that I would let him know when I was ready but that I was getting close. My orgasm was building and I knew I was going to squirt when I finally came because of the intensity that I was experiencing. 

"God yes, fuck me faster and harder. Don't stop! I'm getting ready close, baby. God, faster! Fuck me hard; make me explode." 

Then it happened. My orgasm was just about to hit its peak and I told him it was time for him to cum in me because I was cumming. 

"Fuck me, baby! Fuck me, fuck my tiny wet pussy and fill it with your cum. God, I'm cumming, I'm cumming! Oh my god, keep fucking me. Faster, harder, god yes! Are you cumming?" I asked him in a shaky garbled voice. 

"Fuck, yes I am, girl. I'm cumming! I'm going to fill your pussy up. Ooooh, ooooh, aaah, here it comes!" he yelled as he drove his spewing tool up to the base of its shaft deep into my pussy. 

Papi, with his finger still in my ass, was fucking it so fast that it felt like a small jack hammer. I came so hard that when my orgasm hit its peak that I grabbed his leg with my free hand, my nails burying themselves in his flesh, scratching it until it was bleeding. My face buried in a pillow, breathing in rhythm with my orgasm as it reached its climax. I took short fast breaths, thinking I was dying and going to heaven. 

"Ohhh, gods! Ohhhhhhhh gods yes, yes!" I screamed. "I'm cumming, Papi" Barely able to breathe, I asked him to remove his finger. As he did, I took and fucked the black cock inside of me with hard thrusts, my bucking hips meeting as he groaned and cooed "Oh yes, baby. Fuck that cock. Mmm, yes." 

I fucked every drop cum from his cock then told him to remove it so Papi could take his hard cock put it in me and fuck me as fast and hard as he could until I told him to pull out. Papi thrust into me with one smooth stroke and fucked me like a dog in heat gets fucked by its male: unbelievably fast and hard, grunting as the black predecessor of my pussy watched with his cock now limp as he panted from his romp. It didn't take long before I was ready to tell Papi to remove himself. He said he wasn't ready to cum yet and I told him that this wasn't about him. It was for my friend and I, something we would really like. Papi agreed and I told him to keep going and to fuck me as hard and fast as he possibly could. He remarked that he didn't have much left so I motioned for the limp black stud to bring his cock to my mouth so that I could suck it hard, which I did in only a minute fucking it with my mouth. 

I told him to replace Papi and gave him the same directions: "fuck me as hard and fast as he possibly could and to pull out of me exactly on my cue, no matter what". He agreed, replacing Papi and reinserting his throbbing cock inside of my sopping drenched beautiful shaven hole. Just like I had ordered, my black stud began to fuck me hard, fast and deep. With every stroke, his cock slammed my head against the head board; a pillow was the only thing keeping my head from smashing violently against it. 

"Yes, yes, yes! Uh-huh, uh-huh, just like that, do it like that. Gods, it's going to happen! I feel it, I feel it. Oh my gods, it's going to happen. Get ready, get ready. Here it comes. Oh god oh god, pull it out now!" I exclaimed. "Now, do it now!" 

He did as I asked, quickly pulling his still erect cock from my pulsing pussy. I held my puffy swollen pussy lips apart with one hand and rubbed my clit with a finger of the other.

"It's here, it's here. Oh my god, watch it, watch my pussy!" My hips began to buck uncontrollably as the guys did just that. "Ooooooooh god, oooooooooh god!! Mmmhuh, mmmmmmhuh mmmmmmmmmm!"

I came so hard that it squirted 5 or 6 inches out of my pussy, just like a cock when it shoots its spunk. It was amazing to watch and both of the guys were in awe as I shot 6 squirts of milky creamy white cum into the air before it just continued to spill from my cunt, down my ass cheeks to the bed. It was like watching lava flow from a volcano. It seemed to just keep coming. As it dripped off, it formed a white pool of my juices on top of the sheets. Papi and my black fuck-slave stared at my pussy and the cum pooling on the sheets in amazement and wantonness. Running my tongue seductively along my lower lip, I ran my finger along my pouring slit, coating my finger in my sweet cum. I put my finger in my mouth, licking the cum off it, as I smiled.

"How did you two like that little trick?" 

"I can't speak for our friend here," Papi replied. "But god, I love you. You never cease to amaze me. That was spectacular, baby. "

"It was indeed spectacular," our friend agreed. "I've never seen anything like it and I've seen a lot of things. You were wonderful. You have to be the best lover I've ever had. Your pussy was so tight and wrapped my cock so splendidly. It was heaven. I've never had such a fabulous fuck in my life. I hope that we can do it again before you return to the States."

"That's up to my husband," I said. "You'll have to ask him. Leave your number though. We might be giving you a call." 

He grabbed his clothes and, turning down a shower, dressed and thanked us both as he scrawled his number on a notepad and scurried out of door. Papi crawled onto the bed and into my open arms. He kissed me then laid his head on my chest as I held him and kissed the top of his head.

"I love Papi." 

"I love you too Mami," he said, as we both just lay silent catching our breath and letting our tired bodies rest. What could possibly be next? I thought to myself.

To be continued...