 It was a rare, midweek, appearance for Jesse and I at Kelly's, our favorite watering hole, near our home. Jesse was taking on challengers on the pool table, winning, as usual. I sat in our booth watching and sipping my drink, enjoying the stress-release that it provided. I was soon joined by Rob, our 'special' friend from Kelly's who joined us, on occasion, for threesomes. It had been about six months since our first romp with Rob and, true to his word that first time, he remained discreet about our trysts. He enjoyed it, we enjoyed it, so it was all good.

Rob had stopped in for a quick beer before he had to go home and pack for an early morning flight the next morning for a business trip. Taking a sip from his beer, Rob leaned forward afterwards, indicating that he had something he wanted to say but, not too loudly.

"Can I ask you something?" he said, his voice loud enough for me to hear but, quiet enough that no one else could hear his words.

"Sure," I replied, a bit of wondering going on in my head.

"When the three of us get together and you 'go down' on Jesse afterward I've, er..."

"Fucked her?" I finished saying, for him.

"Yeah, that, well, I was wondering...how does it taste?", his face betraying an honest curiosity.

"You mean, her juices and your cum?"

"No, I mean, how does cum taste?"

"Well," I said, "not bad, I guess, though it depends on the person. Some tastes better than others but, on the whole, I don't mind the taste at all." 

Taking a sip of his beer as I sipped my drink, his face clearly showed that he was processing my answer.

"How did you...I mean, when did you?", his question sort of hanging there in the air between us.

"I had a friend who was a year or so older than me when we were younger. Steve was a 'Navy brat', having lived in a lot of places in a very short time. We became friends quickly, doing everything together which, eventually, included spending the night together, sneaking looks at either his dad's or my brother's Playboy magazines, late at night, in the privacy of either his, or my, bedroom on those sleepovers. We would look at those pictures and eventually wind up jacking off to them. At first we'd jacked ourselves but one night, he suggested that we jack the other off and when he did me first, I liked it and thought nothing of jacking him off in return. We did that for a few sleepovers and I never really thought that we shouldn't be doing that with each other. It was no big deal, I thought then, just enjoyable. One night after we had 'done each other', just before we went to sleep, his hand found my dick and stroked it hard again. Before I realized what he was doing, his head disappeared under the covers, his mouth slipped over my cock and he gave me my very first blowjob. It would be a few weeks later but I eventually gave in to his begging and I returned the favor as he talked me through how to do it. I found out that I didn't mind it so much and for the next year we took turns blowing each other until he and his family moved, once again. After he left, I discovered girls and never really felt a need to play with guys, not until I was in college and had my first threesome with a buddy and his gal. When that happened I figured out that I was of the 'if it feels good' school of thought and though I don't seek out guys, in the throes of sexual excitement, all's fair and all that shit as long as no one gets hurt."

Sipping my beer, letting him process what I had just said, I kept my eyes on his face as he did so. Finally, his eyes lifted from staring into his glass of beer and met mine.

"I guess I've always wondered about that," he simply said, finishing his beer immediately. Standing to wave goodby to Jesse as he prepared to leave, I saw that he had an erection straining his jeans. Arousement from my story, I wondered?

On the drive home, I told Jesse about Rob's questions and reaction to my answers. She stayed silent for a bit, mulling over what I had told her.

"Huh..." she finally commented, letting it just hang there but a look at her face showed that 'something' was cooking in her head.



A couple of weeks later, Jesse suggested that we ask Rob to join us for a romp at the 'NoTel', our nickname for a local Adults Only motel in our city. It had a few 'theme suites' for the kinky but most of the rooms were just waterbeds, small (2-4 people) hot tubs, and good porn programmed into the rooms. The indoor pool/hot tub area was a 'public' area, a meeting area of sorts where swim suits were optional. I called Rob and plans were made.

That Friday night, after we'd checked into the room, the three of us sauntered over to the pool complex, and after dropping our towels, jumped into the pool for a bit. When we'd walked in, I noticed a few admiring glances at Jesse from a couple of the other women at her having two guys as escorts. It wasn't very busy, maybe 4 or 5 couples, some in the pool, some in the hot tub. We chatted a bit with a few people, relaxing and enjoying the warm waters of the pool.

"First time I've been here," Rob commented to us after we'd stopped swimming laps and gathered in a corner of the pool, hanging on to the sides as we talked.

"We've been here a few times." Jesse commented, adding, "It's clean, well-maintained, and not a bad place to meet like-minded playmates."

"I can see how that would work out," Rob replied as he casually eyed the others in the pool area," chuckling after he'd said it.

After an hour or so, Jesse asked if we'd like to head back to the room and use the hot tub there, since the public tub was a bit crowded. Drying and wrapping in the large, bath-sheet towels, we bid adieu to a few people and went back to our private room.

While I rolled a joint for the three of us, Jesse and Rob got comfortable in the hot tub and began a bit of 'touchy-feely' play with each other as I did so. Jesse had already picked a porn channel and while the three of us watched from the hot tub, my 'fat boy' made the rounds among us, the sweet, pungent smoke working it's magic quickly.

Jesse was between Rob and I in the tub, her hands stroking our cocks, casually, sensually, as we watched the porn, allowing the herbs to take us to that 'place'. She then, starting with Rob, took turns with the two of us, sucking on each, getting us both even more aroused than we already were. When she suddenly stopped and got out of the tub, she began to dry off, handing us towels so that we could do the same...she was ready for some bed action with us and it didn't take us long to dry off and join her on the waterbed.

Rob and I were soon 'all over' Jesse, sucking her erect nipples, one of us between her legs, dining at her 'Y' cafe, her juices as tasty as ever. Manuvering herself until she was kneeling over Rob, sucking and licking his engorged dick, I slipped my own erection into her very wet, slit, pumping in and out in search of my orgasmic release. Rob's eyes took in all in, Jesse sucking him with her considerable expertise, and me, fucking her hard 'doggy' style, Jesse's moans increasing in volume with my strokes. When I did climax, it was an eruption worthy of comparison to Etna's event that buried Pompei. Spent, I slipped out of Jesse, falling to the side of her and Rob, onto the edge of the waterbed.

Without missing a beat it seemed, Jesse rolled onto her back and guiding Rob's head with her hands, she pulled him until he was between her legs, her cum-filled pussy offered up to his mouth. He hesitated only a second before he lowered his head and mouth to suck and lick her freshly-fucked pussy, Jesse's eyes closing in pleasure as he began eating her with increased fervor.

Rob's own sounds of sexual enjoyment was joining with hers as he continued to get into it, his mouth devouring our mixed juices. As I watched them, he reached out with his hand and found my cock, gripping it with a bit of hesitation, then stroking it slowly as he continued to eat my wife.

My cock responded, of course it did, getting hard as he stroked his hand up and down the erection. Jesse suddenly grabbed his head, pulling him into her grinding snatch as her own orgasm exploded, which he continued to lap it up like a thirsty dog at a water bowl. 

When the throes of her climax subsided, Jesse pulled Rob's head from between her legs and moving down on the bed, she led him and herself until both of their heads were near my dick. Grabbing my cock in her hand, she 'pointed' it towards Rob's head, her eyes intently staring at him. She began running her tongue over my shaft, all the while, staring at Rob, her eyes clearly indicating that he should join her. Hesitating slightly, he closed his eyes, lowered his head, and began licking my cock in unison with her. Slowly, she backed off of her own oral actions, letting him get into it on his own until he, very-matter-of-factly, took my cock-head into his mouth, sucking slowly as if it were a lollipop. It didn't take a genius to see that Rob was getting into it, really enjoying sucking his first cock. Pulling away from us now that he was fully into what he was doing with my dick in his mouth, she moved lower on the bed, finding, and taking, Rob's dick into her own mouth.

I'm not sure how long it took for me to come again, but when I did, he didn't back off, sucking as much of my jism as he could, some spilling from the corners of his mouth. Within a few seconds of my climax, he had his own, the volume filling Jesse's own sucking mouth, her sounds of enjoyment drowning all sounds in the room. Finishing, he fell onto his back, his eyes a bit glazed-over as Jesse finished licking him clean.

We all laid there, silent, until Rob said, "You're right, it really doesn't taste bad at all, not at all what I expected."

"Told you so," I smilingly said, a bit of smart-ass in my tone, but in a friendly way.

And yes, for those of you who are wondering, I repaid Rob's blowjob of me by giving him one as well after we had rested. Jesse 'rode' his face, letting him get her off orally as I sucked his cock to a second orgasm.

For the remaining time that Rob lived in town, before he was transferred, our threesomes took on a new dimension, one that Rob pushed eagerly, enjoying sucking cock as well as fucking Jesse. Did he continue with his bisexual explorations after he moved? I honestly don't know but if I had to place a bet...