 Everything contained within is completely real though names and places have been altered. Please let me know if you enjoyed the experience as much as I did and if you are wanting the rest of this story. My experiences are for your enjoyment and I hope you can live vicariously through my travels.

Karen's love for spontaneity never fully left as she aged. Her and I have been friends since the 1st grade and it was like she was my other half. We both grew up in a rather to-do family, so to speak, and we both enjoyed everything that life threw at us. We eventually graduated top of our class in 2004 and spent the last ten years working on our degrees, Psychology for myself and Law for her. College was simple enough for two budding misfits. Sure, we went to parties and even with a shared apartment we rented together we still had time for ourselves and for dick when the time became available. We were like every other college kid at that time. Alcohol and sex were common even if it was casual and tame to most standards. Luck or fate may have had a hand in our ability to miss out on getting into serious trouble, though there were times where both of us could have potentially ruined any opportunity we would have later in life. Once residency for myself hit and she was working on hitting the bar exam, things seemed to go quiet as we were both highly focused on our pursuit for a degree and landing our dream jobs.

"How did your exam go?" I asked as she threw her bag on the floor and made her way to the mini-bar pouring three fingers worth of tequila.

With a quick gulp all three fingers worth were gone.

"If I never see pencil and paper again for the rest of my life, I will die a happy woman," she chuckled as she slumped into the couch next to me.

"Was it really that bad," the concern surely emitted off my words.

"Just long and boring. So much to cram into a few hours when you have been studying for a few months," she exhaled. "After all this, we need to take a serious vacation or something," she enthusiastically exclaimed.

"My residency is up in three weeks at which time I should be doing my dissertation soon after. I promise, as soon as I get that finished, we will take an extended vacation to the Caribbean to relax and enjoy life," I reassured her as I wiped a wisp of hair out of her face.

"Good! We both need it. I'm going to take a nap. Wake me for dinner. Anything you want is perfectly game for me," she slurred as she made her way upstairs to the bedroom.

Curling back up with my newest book, I switched my focus back to relaxing as this was my only day off this week. I planned to fully enjoy every minute of it and that entailed food, orgasms, sleep and most of all relaxation. A slight gasp of enjoyment escaped my lips as the thought ran through my mind as I turned my attention to the book in-front of me. A short lived second as the all too familiar hum of Karen's vibrator interrupted my thoughts. Knowing she was up there playing with herself always turned me on, even though I am completely straight and the simple fact Karen and I had never done anything, it still turned me on. The slight dampness that escaped between my lips and started to absorb into my panties gave tell to the simple fact, I needed to get off sooner rather than later.

Five weeks after that conversation, Karen passed her bar exam and started an internship at one of the top three law firms in the city. As for myself, well, you can just call me Doctor. Both Karen and I were beyond ecstatic at the news and we were going to hold true to our promise. For several nights following the news, Karen and I stayed up late searching for vacation packages and possible destinations in the Caribbean to fuel our need to relax and party. The only listing that caught our eye, was for a bungalow over the water in Belize. The promise of all-inclusive food and drinks at the resort with the bar within walking distance from the bungalow and the fact we would literally be sleeping in an air condition hut over the water, settled the decision quickly. We were heading to Belize for fun in the sun.

The resort was the typical island resort with bountiful colors and vegetation surrounding the property. The bungalow featured two bedrooms each equipped with a double bed, tv and mini fridge. The main room had a small couch, tv and a big square glass window to view the ocean under the bungalow. It was small, quaint and perfect for the two of us to spend a week getting into trouble. The first half of the week we spent snorkeling the crystal clear blue waters checking out the coral and reef fish that inhabited the area. We consumed copious amounts of margaritas offered by the snorkeling boat crew and relaxed in the middle of the ocean while they tended to the other snorkelers.

"What's on the itinerary tonight girl," I casually nudged Karen as I caught her gawking at one of the guys who had just finished his dive. The sun gleamed off his soaking wet physique that exuded the fact that he had spent many hours in the gym.

"Hopefully him, if I can catch him at the bar tonight," she playfully nudged me back not breaking contact of her gaze.

"You are such a perverted whore," I chided. "Seriously, what are you doing tonight?" I questioned.

"Like I said babe, that man right there is on the menu. What about you, you can't tell me you haven't at least thought about getting some dick while we're here," she snickered.

"Of course, but nothing has really caught my eye," I shrugged.

"Bullshit! Let your inner whore out girl and lets slut it up tonight," she pounced as she rolled over me to get up and get another margarita.

Dinner was amazing, filled with lobster tail and filet mignon to your hearts content and plenty of the drinks of the day, which just so happen to be, Hurricanes. Karen had nursed her margaritas all day and decided to skip the drink at dinner to resume her consumption once more when we hit the poolside bar. Sporting her velvet red two-piece bikini with a sarong wrapped around her waist, she strutted her way to the bar. Every barstool contained a person sipping on their beer or fruity drink and left nothing but the lounge chairs by the fire pit open to seating. Sinking into the lounge chairs relieved the days wear and tear on the body and felt like a hundred pounds had been lifted off my shoulders.

"Damn it feels good to kick back. How was dinner?" Karen said as she leaned back exposing as much cleavage as she could muster.

"Pretty tasty, but this right here is where it's at. A drink, lounged back and taking in the sites," I said as I surveyed the pool, bar and surrounding area for any eye candy.

"Have you seen my after-dinner meal anywhere," Karen smirked.

"Not yet, but let me know if you see dessert for myself. I'd much appreciate it," the words giggled off my tongue.

"Seriously Alice, I really need to get laid," Karen exclaimed.

"I'm right there with you girl. Been way to long." I pouted.

"How long has it been," she asked.

"Since before the dissertation. I think about three weeks before that. I have been so busy prepping for that and what followed after, I've just not had any time," I reflected.

"And here I was bitching about it having it been over a week," she chuckled.

"We all know you're a tramp anyways," I said as I shot her a hilarious face.

"Very funny you celibate old nanny. You probably wouldn't even know what to do with a cock if it was in front of you," she stuttered trying to contain the laugh that escaped her lungs.

"Bet you'd love to know exactly what I would do with one if it was presented to me right now, wouldn't you, you pervert," I smirked as I took a sip of my drink.

"Shut-up slut, there he is," she beamed as he walked from around the bar. "How's my hair look, what about my tits? Are they pushed up enough?" her voice on the verge of hysterics.

Walking around the bar in board shorts and sandals, stood six feet of lean muscle and ripped abs. His clean-shaven face presented a square jaw which framed a perfect mouth of straight bright teeth. His hair lay atop his head in slight curls from the pool water and he grasped a tumbler which accentuated the forearms full of muscle striations leading from his elbow to his hand. Karen always had impeccable taste in men, but this guy, no, he was a God amongst men. He made his way around the bar which was still full and not a single seat remained other than the two beside us.

"I think he is making his way over here," she frantically exclaimed.

"I know, it's the only seats available." I straightened up as he walked nearer.

"Excuse me ladies. Are those seats taken? It seems everyone had the same idea as us and there are no seats at the bar." His deep voiced echoed off my ears.

"Absolutely free for you sir. Grab a seat. The waitress should be right over," Karen politely informed while sideways glancing at me and giving a wink. "This is Alice and I'm Karen. Pleased to meet you," she said as she extended her hand.

"Pleasures all mine. Names Mark and it's a pleasure to meet both of you," his voice tugged at my entrance between my legs. I wasn't expecting his voice to cause my legs to tremble, but damn if his body and voice didn't do just that.

"What brings you to Belize, Mark?" the ever so curious Karen asked.

"Honestly, to just get away from it all. I lost a huge contract with a customer which was a boat load of stress only to turn around and sign a contract worth double what I had lost previous. My stress level was at max and I decided now would be the best time for a vacation. What about you ladies. Celebrating anything or just taking time away from life," his ears perked as he waited for our response.

"Well, Alice, errrr I mean Dr. Alice over here just got the title and well, I signed onto a top three lawyer office back home. Sorry for the humble brags, but we are both really excited about our hard work finally paying off," Karen blushed as Mark's face beamed at what she had just said.

Mark turned in his chair, waved the waitress over and ordered a round for all three of us.

"This round is on me. Congrats you too. I couldn't imagine the years spent doing all that. I got lucky inheriting the family business so my accomplishment is nowhere near what you all have endured," he grinned.

"Awww thanks doll, that's awful nice of you," her words cooed as she smiled.

"Definitely appreciate the drink, Mark. That is very nice of you." I said.

"My pleasure ladies. You all here by yourself or you have a group?" he glanced around as he asked.

"Just us two. Got here a few days ago and figured tonight we would relax and have a few drinks. What about you? You got a group hanging out?" Karen, the curious, asked.

"Just me. With my profession I can be spontaneous whereas most of my working buddies and friends can't be. Here until Saturday and then flight back to Texas," he replied.

Marks voice enthralled my pussy with every word that came out of his mouth and I know for sure Karen basically had a puddle under lounge chair while we sat and drank and talked. Conversation was easy between all three of us. Karen always had an innuendo to throw out when the time came and Mark reciprocated with a well-timed rebuttal to counter her.

"Look I don't mean any offense, but are you two wife/wife or girlfriends," he coyly asked snapping me back to the present.

"Oh, honey, we are just great friends. We have been friends since we were little kids. Both of us are single and straight, thank you very much," she snickered as she pointed her nose to the sky in a joking manner.

"My apologies, I really didn't mean to offend you, I was just curious," he sheepishly leaned back against his chair.

"You didn't offend us Mark and Karen here, is fucking with you. She has skin as thick as leather and likes messing with people." I laughed.

"Good! That makes me feel better. So, you all aren't an item? I would have thought you both were together," he stated.

"Whatever gave you that idea," Karen quipped.

"Just being straight forward here, but you both are super attractive and l figured you wouldn't be here alone, just the two of you," he stammered.

"Nope, just friends on vacation," Karen giggled.

"Have you all ever, you know, done anything together," Mark fidgeted with his thumb.

"Actually, no we haven't." I stated.

"Let's change that," exclaimed Karen as she grabbed my hand and Marks and led us towards the bungalow.

Through the years that Karen and I have been friends, not once have I ever thought of her as more than a friend. Karen is super attractive with long legs, pert C-cup breast and a bubble ass that makes me jealous. I always thought she was the more attractive one and she definitely displayed herself more than I ever would. The thought of sharing a guy with her instantly soaked my bikini bottom and the fire that grew in the pit of my stomach was beyond anything I could ever imagine. I looked over at Mark beside me as we were led by Karen in front of us and I could see the sheer shock and anticipation swelling in his face. Opening the door to the bungalow, the cool air swept by us as it exited the room. Karen shoved us inside and closed the door behind us.

"Alice, you sure?" she looked at me meaningfully.

All I could do is shake my head yes as I watched her undo the string to her top and let it glide to the floor. Looking over at Mark, his rock-hard cock protruding from his shorts didn't need an answer as he dropped his shorts exposing the most beautiful cock I have ever saw. With an almost cat like reflex, Karen rushed over to Mark and took his hard rock into her hand and stood on her tip toes allowing her breasts to cave into his chest as he opened his mouth to accept her tongue. Her hand slowly stroked his length while they passionately embraced each other, all the while his hands moved over her shoulders, down her back and with a bit of force to lift her feet off the ground, he cupped her ass and pulled her closer to him. Pulling my tank over my head and undoing my top, I let my breast hang out in full view of them both.

"God Alice you have a nice set of tits," Mark exclaimed.

"I don't think I've ever paid much attention till now on how beautiful you are," Karen swooned.

Karen reached out and grabbed my hand and dragged me closer to Mark and her. Feeling the heat radiating off them, sent a lightning streak of pleasure throughout my body. Mark reached around to the back of my head and drew me closer to his face. Opening my mouth, I accepted his tongue and felt his lips intertwine with mine. His kiss was sensual, soft but stern and strong. The lust coursed through my veins and my wetness was amplified by Karen's tongue now flicking circles around my nipple. Withdrawing his mouth from mine, I felt Karen pull me closer to her face. Her mouth opened and accepted my tongue as our lips touched. This was the first time Karen and I had done anything like this and my first time with another woman. Mark must have found our kiss sexy for his cock now throbbed against my hip and his hips swayed back and forth under Karen's grip. 

Releasing her lips from mine and withdrawing her tongue from my mouth, she grabbed my hand and led us to the bedroom. Once inside she grabbed Mark and swung him around so his back was facing the bed. With a quick shove, Mark landed on the bed, face up and his rock-hard cock throbbed in front of us. Without hesitation, she knelt before him and took his whole length in her hands. Using both hands, she stroked his entire length softly allowing her fingers to caress and linger at the head of his cock. Mesmerized at the sight before me, I could feel my essence run down the side of my leg as the adrenaline coursed through me from watching Karen open her mouth and engulf Mark completely in her mouth. Her tongue circled around the tip as her hands twisted around the shaft of his beautiful rock before she stroked downward and his rock disappeared to the back of her throat. Not able to stand another second, I climbed on top of Mark and straddled his face, allowing his mouth to suck the essence I had been leaking out from the lustful sight I had watched. Marks tongue found the groove between my lips and strained against my clit as he tongued my gash. 

The feeling of wet silk sliding between my legs ignited the heat in my stomach and built the more he tongued my entrance. From behind I felt Karen's hands reach around and grab hold of my breasts and pull me close so I could feel hers rub against my back. She had no doubt climbed on top of Mark and was riding his cock for all it was worth from the motion of her tits against my back. Her hands were soft and her fingers circled around my nipples which were fully erect from the pleasure between my legs. Mark had thrust his tongue deep inside me and his breathes became shallow as he grunted his cock deep into Karen while she expertly rode him. Releasing his mouth from below I stood up and turned around so I could face Karen and once again straddled his face. I grabbed Karen by the back of the head and forced my tongue between her lips. I wanted her more than I have wanted anyone. 

Karen bounced on that fat cock while I grinded my pussy on Marks face and allowed his tongue to swap from the bud of my ass to my clit. His thrust became shallow and his hands grasped my legs hard as Karen neared climax. Her shallow exhales through her nose swelled to an all-out scream as her orgasm rippled throughout her body and escaped through her mouth into mine as I slowly kissed her. Mark grunted and squirmed under me until he couldn't hold out any longer and shot his hot load deep in the pussy he was buried in. Karen squealed as his cum filled her up and sent another aftershock of orgasm coursing through her body. Karen lifted herself of his pulsating cock and laid on the bed beside him. I stood up as well to allow their orgasms to complete their course. Mark, instead, grabbed my hand and got up from laying down and bent me over the bed. 

"You're not finished and neither am I," he exclaimed.

Pushing me from behind, I climbed on the bed and spread my legs to allow him to enter me. His glistening cock pushed past my lips and entered me till his nuts touched my clit. His length hurt, but felt amazing to have a man that deep inside me. His thrusts were forceful and his grip was going to leave bruises, but the sensation was beyond anything I've ever experienced and my climax wouldn't take long. Before I knew it, Karen slid underneath me and displayed her pussy to my face.

"Lick me clean you dirty whore," she growled.

Lowering my head to her pussy, I plunged my tongue deep into the hole Mark had just filled. The mix of her juice and his cum stoked the fire in my stomach and like a ravaged animal, I buried my face between her legs lapping up every last bit of cum I could. Mark sensed my pleasure and my thirst for Karen's pussy which caused him to pick up speed on his thrusts. The length of his cock sliding in and out of my entrance and with my face between Karen's legs set off an explosion that rippled through my body like an earthquake. The sensation was intense and I could feel my orgasm cover Mark who was still thrusting deep inside me. Exhausted, both Mark and I slumped to the bed in a cum covered embrace with Karen underneath us. My thoughts slowly drifted off as we passed out from the pleasure.