 I was panting pretty hard, just waiting for the orgasm to hit. The bullet was pressed hard against my clit, and I was watching a hard bodied man with a very big dick pound a nubile young blond on the screen. This usually didn't take too long, but it was starting to take long enough to frustrate me. I pushed the bullet in a bit harder and leaned my head back, just enjoying the sounds of the two people in the video going at it.

I loved porn. I was never sure why, although Lord knows enough people like it. I always felt it was more of a man's domain, until I saw my first one. I was hooked from then on. I didn't bother with any of the nicey-nice, attempt-at-a-plot-line stuff, either. I just wanted to watch two people fuck; I didn't need lame efforts at character development. My favorite variation was the threesome and I never cared if it was two girls or two guys.

The effect of watching porn was that I had very few inhibitions sexually. I was always a pretty enthusiastic partner, even in high school. What porn did was show me how many variations there were out there. Once I started watching, I wanted to try everything I saw. I had managed to do most of it, too. There were very few things I didn't at least try. I loved threesomes. I had been in several, but my favorite was with two bisexual male friends of mine. They and I hooked up from time to time, whenever one of us got the itch. I also loved eating pussy, so I would go to gay bars and pick up chicks when I felt like doing that.

I wasn't huge fan of bondage. I didn't mind the light stuff, but I hated being the submissive. If I was going to do it, I wanted to be in charge. I also wasn't into the degrading stuff. If that's what got you off though, more power to you. I had so much sexual experience under my belt; I knew that every person was different. I had adopted a "no judgment" stance some time ago.

My mind had wandered from the task at hand, so I looked at the screen while rolling the bullet around to try and find a better position against my clit. I found a sensitive spot and my leg jerked involuntarily, so I pushed hard. I could feel my heart racing, but I wasn't getting any closer to coming. If this kept up, I was going to have to bring in my dildo. I didn't usually have to, but a quick and guaranteed way for me to come was to shove a dick up my ass while I used a bullet on my clit. It worked every time.

I was feeling lazy though and had just wanted a quick orgasm, hence the porn and the bullet. Orgasms were absolutely my most favorite feeling in the world. I couldn't understand people who didn't masturbate, why would you not want to feel this all of the time? I usually used my bullet; I had gone through several due to me just plain wearing them out. I would lie back on the couch in my bra and panties and get started. First it was just a very pleasant sensation, feeling the vibrations on my clit and the blood rushing through my body. Then came the porn, and I would take some time to find a video I wanted to watch. I was bored easily though, so if it took too long to get to the main act I would find another video.

Once I started watching, the pressure I placed on the bullet would increase as I started to really feel my pussy throb in response to what I was seeing. Watching a big cock really fuck a tight pussy or ass was such a turn-on for me, it usually didn't take too long for me to feel the wave building. I was a breast girl, so almost all of the videos I chose had chicks with huge tits. Seeing them bounce up and down as a huge dick slid in and out of a woman was immensely arousing. If one-on-one porn wasn't doing the trick, I would up the ante. Threesomes, orgies, anything to increase the amount of skin I was seeing. I would feel that blissful feeling just before my pussy started to contract, and I would feel my body tense and then relax as the orgasm completely washed over me. Sometimes I would keep going and have a few, sometimes I was fine with one.

It was time for the dildo, I decided. I reluctantly got off the couch, but I left the bullet tucked in my snatch. I grabbed the plastic cock out of my top bureau drawer, along with some lube. Back in my living room, I used the suction cup on the base of the cock to plant it firmly on the coffee table and lubed it up. I propped my tablet in front of me so I could still watch and took my panties off. The bullet was one thing, but the dildo required me to be totally accessible. I spread my legs and slowly crouched, until I felt the tip of the dildo brush against my ass. Quickly realigning slightly to the left, I kept lowering myself until the tip had slid into my tight little hole. I grabbed the bullet and pressed it against my clit once more and lowered myself slowly until the entire cock was buried in my ass.

I immediately felt a jolt. Never taking my eyes off the screen, I started to bob up and down on that huge dick. Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh God, fuck yes! This was the ticket. The burly man in the video had picked up the chick and was holding her while she ground her hips down, taking in the full length of his shaft. I started to gain speed. I didn't have to worry about going too hard or too fast anymore, I was so used to having a dick in my ass by this point. I ground the bullet as hard as I could into my clit and really went to town on the dildo. There it is, there it is, a little more...FUCK YES!! I hit my climax and felt my juices seep down my slit and toward the dildo, coating it. Once I had hit it though, I really didn't want to stop. I wondered why I didn't do this more often. I kept going, mashing the bullet against my clit while I rode that dick, pushing my ass as far down onto it as I could. Oh yeah, oh Jesus, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, YES! Another wave rolled over me. I sat on the dick for a few seconds, and then grudgingly stood up. I felt it slide out of my ass with ease; there was an impressive amount of my own juice on it.

I shut off the video and cleaned everything up. I needed to get ready for the party tonight. My best friend had an annual Valentine's Day party, something which up until this point I had managed to avoid. I was not a Valentine's Day person. I didn't hate it per say, but I just wasn't a fan of all the hoopla. Shayna however had promised that I was guaranteed to enjoy this party. She and I were pickup besties; we would troll for guys or girls together and act as the other's "wingman". If she said I would have fun, I believed her. She told me to make sure I was all clean and ready for action, and she told me to dress up. This was something else I wasn't super fond of (I'm more of a jeans and tank top kind of gal), but I decided to oblige her.

I stepped in the shower and let the hot water roll over me. I had gone for a wax a couple of days before in preparation, so I just made sure there weren't any spots that required a touch up. Not that it was really an issue, my girl was great. I cleaned and scrubbed everything, then just stood there for a few minutes. I looked down at my breasts, a beautiful pair of perky C cups. I had actually had them reduced a couple of years ago from their natural G cups, and the surgery had come with a lift. I loved the size they were now. Perfectly proportioned with the rest of my body, and they sat exactly where they were supposed to. Most of the clothing I wore was tight just so I could show them off.

From there I moved my hands down to my stomach, a little soft but I didn't care. I considered myself "curvy". My ass was ample sized, but I loved it. I had long ago come to terms with my body and how I was naturally shaped. Once I had done that, the confidence that came was a natural aphrodisiac to other people. Despite the fact that I wasn't exactly in model shape, I had never lacked for sexual partners. People are just drawn to someone with my kind of confidence.

After I felt clean, I stepped out and wrapped myself in a fluffy towel. I made sure my skin was nice and soft with lotion, and then headed to my closet. What to wear? I finally landed on one of my favorites, an emerald green bandage dress that set off my red hair perfectly and hugged me in all of the right spots. The fit was such that a bra was unnecessary, and panties ruined the line. Looks like I was going commando. I stepped into the dress, adjusting my girls so that they looked their best, rising over the top of the bust line. I half dried my hair, spritzing some texturizer into it so that it would dry in soft beach waves. I wasn't huge into makeup, so I just put some mascara and lip gloss on and examined myself in the mirror. Well, I like it, I thought. I headed out. When I got to Shayna's house, she was waiting for me at the door. 

"I am so glad you could make it, Reg. I hope you like what I've got planned."

Shayna was the only person I let call me Reg. My name was Regina, and I loved it. I hated it when people shortened it.

"Well, you've definitely piqued my interest. What is it about this party that was so important for me to come?"

"You'll see when you get inside. I don't want to ruin the surprise."

This was definitely unlike her. Secrecy wasn't really our thing; we discussed everything from sexual fantasies to our favorite kind of coffee. We had even hooked up a few times, just for the hell of it. We had only planned to do it once just to see what it was like, but it turned out we were really compatible in bed. There was very little we didn't know about each other. 

"Lead on then."

I followed her inside, heading down the familiar hallway into her sizable living room. I noticed there were quite a few men there, and started to keep an eye out for one that I might like to hook up with later. I didn't know what Shayna had planned, but I thought it was probably like a couple other parties I had been to at her place. The last one I had ended up in a room with an older couple. That had been fucking fantastic, the older man had done a couple of things to me I had never experienced before. His wife just liked to watch, but I was fine with that. I always loved putting on a show.

As I was walking, I noticed that almost all of the guys were of the type that I liked. So were the girls, for that matter. As a matter of fact, I actually recognized most of them as previous lovers. Everyone was in small groups either drinking or chatting, but no one had started in on anything super heavy yet. That was pretty normal; the party would get crazier and crazier as the night went on. When we got to the living room, I looked around in shock. Most of the furniture was gone, and in its place was an enormous bed right in the centre of the room. I mean, this bed was huge. I saw that there were a few cushioned benches scattered around the room as well, but the bed was definitely the focal piece of the room. There were pillows everywhere. I mean it, almost like the floor was carpeted in just pillows.

"What's going on, Shay?" I asked. Even at her other parties, there had never been this central of a location. Everyone divided up into pairs or threes and headed to separate rooms.

"It's all for you, baby." She replied. Before I had a chance to ask her to clarify, she cleared her throat and called for everyone's attention.

"Thanks for coming, everyone! As you all know, this is my annual Valentine's Day party. I decided this year to forgo the romance and just cut right to the reason we get each other Valentine's gifts: sex."

There was a general chuckle around the room. She was right, everyone knew it. Every guy who goes out of his way to get roses and jewelry for his significant other, underneath all of the "I love yous" and the schmaltz, was really looking to get laid.

"But there was one gift I wanted to give to a really good friend of mine. This is Regina, as most of you know," she said as she linked her arm with mine, "and she's always wanted an orgy."

I whipped my head to look at her. I suppose I should have tried to look a little cooler, but this came as a total shock for me. "Are you serious?" I whispered.

"I thought if I told you in advance, you would get nervous," she whispered back.

Damn right I would be nervous. It's not that she was wrong; I had always wanted to be in an orgy. But this was still a total surprise. It's hard not to be a little taken aback. Not to mention, I had never had sex with more than two people at a time. Looking around, I counted somewhere close to thirty. Was I really going to have sex with that many people?

But the more I thought about it, the more aroused I became. The mental image of me being in the middle of all of that pulsating, sweaty flesh was really hot. I threw back my head and looked Shay right in the eyes. "Thank you," I whispered. She pulled me in for a long, deep kiss. She tasted vaguely of peppermint. When we pulled apart, she was smiling.

"Where would you like to start? Everyone here knows why they're here; we're all waiting for you."

I looked around the room. There was a blonde with gorgeous tits I had spotted on my way in; I knew I wanted to start with her. I walked over to her and kissed her, starting soft but getting more insistent fairly quickly. I pulled away and said, "I would really like to eat you out on that bed over there." She smiled and walked with me to the bed.

When we got there, my love of showmanship took over. I think this situation would make pretty much anyone uncomfortable, but I absolutely get off on having people watch me fuck. I turned her so that her back was facing me, and I slowly undid the zipper on her dress. I slid it down her torso and it landed in a puddle on the floor. She was wearing a white lace thong and no bra. Perfect. I turned her back around and kissed her again. I hopped on the bed playfully, motioning for her to join me. She giggled and immediately bounced on the bed after me. I laid her down on her back, laying down next to her and moving my hands immediately to her huge tits. They were perfect globes. They were obviously fake, but I had never really had a real versus fake preference. Nice was nice. I ran my hands over them multiple times, finally stopping at her erect nipples to play for a while. I leaned my head down and took one in my mouth, kissing and sucking until I heard her moan. Once I did, I reached with my other hand and slowly slid a finger into her pussy. Man, she was wet. She moaned again and arched her back. I could feel myself getting wet as well. I slid another finger in, then another.

She was breathing fairly heavily by this point, but I wanted to draw this out. I became aware that the people at the party were starting to pair off and disrobe. I had never been to an orgy but had seen plenty on my favorite porn site. The general idea seemed to be that everyone started doing whatever and whomever they wanted to. Porn is different from real life though, and I wanted to make sure I didn't do something someone didn't want. However, as I had been with most of the people here, I knew most of them were up for pretty much anything. This is going to be a good night.

I started to fingerfuck my partner in earnest, stuffing her bare snatch with my fingers over and over. Finally I slowed down and put my face between her legs. I could smell that pungent scent of a woman who's aroused, and it just turned me on even more. I had intended to start slow, but I found that once I started licking her clit I just wanted to go full force. I pushed my tongue into her tunnel over and over while she writhed. She was starting to squirm away from me, so I grabbed her ass and pulled her back.

I buried my face in her pussy once again, alternating between licking her clit and tongue fucking her pussy. Her legs started to tense up, and I knew that she wouldn't be long now. Sure enough, a few seconds later she gasped and I felt the muscles of her pussy contract. There was almost no better feeling in the world for me than bringing a woman to orgasm. I brought my face to hers and kissed her again, then laid down on my back to catch my breath. Almost immediately I felt my legs being pushed apart and the tip of a penis hover around my snatch. Without opening my eyes, I pushed my pelvis toward the man I knew was there and felt his dick slide into my pussy. He was big, but I could handle him. I didn't want to look at him yet, I was getting so carried away with the concept of sex with so many people in so many forms.

He started to thrust his huge cock in and out of my pussy, and I raised my hips off of the bed to meet his for deeper penetration. He really filled me up, and he definitely knew what he was doing.

"You like the feel of my tight little pussy?" I asked.

"Fuck yeah," came the reply. "I want to see your tits bounce."

I hadn't even realized I was still wearing the dress. I opened my eyes and saw for the first time who was fucking me. I had screwed him a few months back at one of my favorite bars, and he was still one of my fondest memories. I grinned at him and sat up. I tugged the dress over my head, as he had already pushed it up to my waist. Free from their cloth prison, my tits started to move in sync with his thrusting. He was kneeling with my ass sitting on his thighs, fucking me at what I thought was a very enjoyable angle.

"Oh yeah, just like I remember. Fucking fantastic."

As he continued ramming me, another cock materialized out of nowhere near my mouth. Without thinking, I grabbed it and started sucking. There was a quick intake of air above me, and then he gently cupped the back of my head. I focused as much energy as I could into giving whoever this was an amazing blowjob. He was a good size but not huge, so I was able to take pretty much all of him into my mouth. I bit down slightly and was rewarded with a loud moan. A hand grabbed my breast; I had no idea whose it was. Soon I felt lips on my nipple, sucking and lightly biting.

I was in complete euphoria. I would definitely have to make sure I could do this again. We had really just started, but I already come into some kind of sexual contact with four people, five if you counted that kiss with Shayna. There were so many more pussies to eat, more dicks to fuck, I felt like I could go for hours. And I did.

The guy I was giving a blow job to took over fucking my pussy, so the woman who had sucked my boob moved her pussy over top of my mouth. I dove in. I was in what I considered a "classic" threesome position: I was on my back getting fucked while I ate out a woman. I could hear the two people with me kissing each other. I broke away with a gasp and rammed my fingers into the pussy on top of me. I took the opportunity to look around.

There were about eight of us on the bed itself. The others at the party were spread out throughout the room, some leaning against the bed for support, other using the benches and others just using the floor and the walls. I couldn't see a stitch of clothing anywhere. I would have been pretty happy just watching this party, to be honest. I loved to watch almost as much as I loved to be watched. I mean, there would have been no way I could have not become involved, but just watching all of these people having sex with no inhibitions was awesome.

The guy who was fucking me pulled out of my pussy and placed his dick up against my ass. I managed to get out "Oh hell yeah" while I was flicking my tongue in quick little motions against the clit, and he pushed his dick into my ass. I moaned really loudly, and I guess that felt good on the clit I was sucking so she moaned too. She leaned over and put us into a "69" position and started sucking on my clit.

I came hard and fast. Those two things were a guarantee for me coming, but toss in the excitement of the evening and it was a lock. I clenched my thighs and felt my pussy contract around that hard dick. He pulled out and was quickly replaced by a face eating me out. I felt that tongue flick over my clit in fast, practiced strokes and it didn't take long for me to come again.
