 I looked in my pint of beer, wondering just how I had gotten stuck here, sitting with a guy I barely knew who was rapidly getting drunk. A freelance graphics job had brought me to the east coast where my client had taken me out for drinks. Not knowing anyone in town, I accepted, little knowing how the night would turn out. After a single beer, Mike had become morose and felt like spilling his guts. He kept whining about how sexed up his wife was and how she was wanting it all the time, never giving him a break. All I could think was, "And what is the freakin' problem?" But he was convinced she would leave him if he couldn't find a way to satisfy her and latched on to me, a perfect stranger, to unload his troubles on. Another beer found him too woozy to drive whereas my three had done little to dull the annoyance I felt at being stuck with this loser. At least he was smart enough to realize he shouldn't drive and asked me to take him home. He said he had an extra room and I could stay there and we'd drive back to my hotel near the airport the next morning. I wasn't thrilled by the idea, but I had to admit I was curious to meet the wife. 

The drive was easy, my client slurring his words but intelligible enough to get me there. I helped him out of the car and up the front steps of a beautiful home. A lush and a loser he might be, but my client certainly had money. The door opened, silhouetting a curvaceous form, the light shining through her thin night gown. I paused in my approach to run my eyes over this delectable creature. Large breasts strained at the material, her nipples hardened by the cold air. Her brown hair fell about her shoulders and mischievously shrouded her face. Her hands balanced on her delicious hips and I found myself straining to see thru the fabric where her legs came together, catching sight of an alluring and tempting shadow. Her husky voice interrupted my reverie. 

"What the fuck is this?" she asked quietly. I was expecting a much harsher reaction but she sounded almost resigned, as if it wasn't the first time. 

"Sorry honey," slurred my host as we careened through the door. "Jay here was good enough to drive me home after a few too many. Oh, Jay this is my wife, Ami… Ami… Jay Lohr." 

"Jailor?" Ami chuckled. "Isn't that an unusual name?" 

I smiled. "It's not without its benefits." 

She smiled at me and then turned her head towards her husband. Gritting her teeth, she kept smiling. "Why don't you come with me to the bedroom honey and we'll get you to bed." I could hear the edge in her voice and so, evidently could Mike, because he went without a whimper. 

Left to my own devices, I wandered around the kitchen. Finding a beer in the refrigerator, I opened it, took a sip and stared out the huge plate glass window at the darkness outside. I could see my hostess coming up behind me in the mirror-like reflection of the window and again could not help but appreciate the luscious curves of her sweet body. 

"I'm sorry about Mike, he just passed out on the bed, clothes and all," she said, her husky voice warming the air around me. "He doesn't get like this that often." 

"That's okay. I was happy to help out," I lied. "Well… maybe not happy… but I am definitely pleased to meet the woman he told me so much about over drinks." 

She looked surprised. "He talked about me? Really? What did he say?" 

"Oh, just that you were quite a woman, definitely a challenge for any man." 

She chuckled again, a sweet sound I was enjoying hearing. "Well I guess I can agree to that assessment. Now, let's get you set up in the extra room." 

We walked down the hall, me following so I could watch that luscious ass sway back and forth in front of me. She turned as she opened the door and caught me looking. She smiled and walked into the room. She spread her arms. "It's not much," she said, "but I hope it will do for the night." 

"If it has a bed, that's all I need," I answered. 

"Just a bed?" she asked, pouting slightly and thrusting her ample breasts at me. 

I didn't hesitate. I pulled her to me, roughly, our bodies almost colliding with the force of my pull. "Just a bed, with you in it," I breathed, and then kissed her passionately. 

Her husband was right, she was a hot-blooded woman, kissing me back as eagerly as I kissed her. Our tongues were probing each other's mouths, our lips mashed against each other. I ran my hands along her gorgeous body, caressing, feeling, touching. She gasped as I lightly pinched her nipple through the gauzy fabric. Emboldened I pinched harder, earning a moan for my efforts. I realized that this woman was not looking for romance, but a nice hard passionate fuck. It's a good thing I showed up. 

I ripped her nightgown from her body, causing her to gasp. I inhaled her scent, smelling her excitement. Her luscious body was exposed in all its glory. I stripped out of my clothes, my hard cock thrusting away from my body. She gasped. 

"You… you're so big," she moaned. 

"Big enough," I said, grabbing her hair and forcing her down on her knees. "Suck me." 

She opened her mouth, trying to wrap her luscious lips around my cock. She turned those gorgeous eyes up at me, gazing into my eyes as I pushed inch after inch of cock into her mouth. 

"You love it don't you?" I said, caressing her cheek as I slid deeper inside her warm waiting mouth. She moaned a yes. "The suck me harder, slut," I whispered as I grabbed her hair, pulling her mouth over more of my cock. She moaned in protest but her fingers moved to her pussy, stroking her clit. I began fucking her hot mouth, forcing her to take every inch as she began plunging one, then two fingers into her dripping snatch. 

I pulled out of her mouth and pulled her to her feet, picked her up and threw her on the bed. Spreading her thighs I lowered my face to her cleanly shaven pussy, licking the wetness. I reached up and pulled on her nipples as I tongue-fucked that juicy cunt, sliding in and out as she moaned and held onto my head, pulling me in. I sucked on her clit, drawing into my mouth as she gasped and shivered. I licked and nibbled, bringing my hands down. With one I spread her lips open, allowing me better access at her hard clit. The other I moved under her and began sliding one finger into her tight little ass. She groaned, thrusting back at me. I sucked on her hard clit as she began to moan, climaxing as I licked her hot slit. 

Roughly I brought her legs up and spread them wide, moving my cock to between her legs. With one thrust I sank my cock deep inside her. She yelled in pleasure and began begging me to fuck her. I happily obliged, pounding her tender pussy, harder and harder. We had become animals, reveling in the lust and sex. Sweat drenched us I kept ramming her hot cunt. Finally I could take it no more and pulled out of that sweet pussy. She moaned with want. 

I brought her to her knees on the floor and began jacking my cock in front of her. She quickly took it in her mouth, licking the juices from it and milking my cock. I began to moan as I held her head, not letting her take those sweet lips from my cock as I filled her mouth with my hot cum, spurting again and again as she eagerly drank me in. She kept licking and sucking my cock, not letting me get soft. 

A gasp came from the doorway. I turned at the sound and looked at Mike, standing there, mouth open. Looking into his eyes, I continued wiping my cum all over Ami's face with my cock. I slid my still hard dick into her eager mouth, letting her clean me of our mixed juices. He just continued staring. His tongue lightly licked his upper lip. 

"Looks good doesn't it? I bet you want some of this," I said as I thrust into Ami's mouth. 

He stammered, "Um… no…. um.. I uh…" 

"Shut up you pathetic fuck," I said. I didn't yell, but my voice held an edge of menace. I pulled my cock from that wet mouth and walked over to Mike. "Since you can't seem to satisfy that little slut wife of yours, looks like you need to be taught a lesson." I heard Ami moan from the bed. I looked over to see her pulling on her nipples as she watched the scene play out in front of her. 

I grabbed Mike by his open shirt and threw him onto the bed. He helplessly lay there as I stripped his clothes off and then, suing my belt and the one I had just removed from his slacks, I restrained his arms to the bed. "Tie his legs down with the shirts," I told Ami. She hesitated. I brought my face to within inches of hers and yelled, "NOW SLUT!" She rushed to obey, not daring to look her husband in the eye. He lay there quietly, staring in disbelief at the turn of events. Perhaps he was unsure if he was awake. I was going to make sure he realized that this was no dream. 

Climbing on the bed, I straddled his face, rubbing my hard cock over his cheeks, his lips. Ami moaned as she watched, sliding a finger into her dripping pussy. Mike tried to move his head, rolling his lips away from my cock. I grabbed his hair and pulled his mouth directly to my throbbing rod. 

"Since you can't fuck your wife properly, you're gonna learn how to take care of something right," I told him. Then I slapped hi face with my cock, rubbing his lips with it. He shook with helplessness as I began forcing the head into his mouth. "Take it," I hissed. "NOW" He opened his mouth, looking up at me in fear and wrapped his lips around my cock. Ami moaned and shuddered with two fingers buried inside her as she watched her husband suck me off. I began gently sliding into Mike's mouth. His initial reluctance began to fade as he started swallowing more and more of my cock. He began moaning, the vibrations causing my cock to twitch with pleasure. I grabbed his hair again and started to fuck his face. 

"Yeah, you like that don't you. You like sucking my cock just like your wife did." 

I called over to Ami and ordered her to come lick my ass while her man sucked my cock. She hurried to obey. I told her to sit on Mike's hard cock while she did it. She happily took his cock into her pussy and started licking my ass. I eased my cock out of his mouth and ordered the two of them to kiss. "Taste my cock on his lips," I told her, "and taste my ass hers," I told him. They eagerly began kissing, tasting me on each other. 

I eased around, behind Ami and slid my cock along her ass. She shook… moaning… She was so wet, I was able to slip my cock into her tender ass. She flinched away. "God no, I've never had one that big up there," she pleaded. I grinned. And thrust my cock inside her in one savage push, nearly pulling her off of Mike's cock in her pussy. She screamed and moaned and I felt her cum, her ass and pussy tightening and contracting. Mike felt it too, moaning with pleasure. 

"You are such a slut," I told her. "All you want is cock, don't you? All you want is to ride this hard cock and get fucked. You'd fuck every man you meet wouldn't you, you slut? Wouldn't you?" 

"YES! Yes!" she moaned. "God I love it! Fuck me! Fuck me good!! Oh jeezus yes I am such a slut oh god fuck me fuck me fuck me." 

I kept pounding my cock into her tender ass, feeling her cum again and again. Mike moaned as it became too much for him, his cock exploding in her tight pussy. I quickly followed, emptying a load of cum into her ass, causing Ami to cum again, nearly passing out from the intense pleasure. As I slid out of her ass, she slumped over Mike. Moaning quietly as she faded in and out of coherence. Mike was almost comatose, the orgasm draining him. 

I left the two of them lying there as I sought out a shower. But as I left the room I could hear her talking to him. 

"Oh my god baby, oh my god. I don't believe what just happened. Oh my god. Are you okay? Oh my god, baby. Jeesus. He was even better than the last guy!" 

-- 

Jailor