 "Keep the blindfold on!" Valerie laughed, as Tom, her boyfriend of 3 years bumped into the wall and subconsciously reached to pull off the silky piece of fabric that kept him from being in control. 

"Ah, what was that?" The darkness all around him. He had no sense of direction. 

"Just a wall," she giggled. "Were alllllmost there," she replied seductively, her voice a husky whisper near his left ear. His pants instinctively grew tighter at the sound of her voice. He heard a beep and a click, he felt her delicately small fingers pull his hand forward. He felt like they were some place different now. The air felt different. The air smelled good, like cinnamon. "Ok, sit." She positioned him in front of something it seemed; he slowly lowered himself down, he put out his hands to feel before his bottom touched the surface. It was soft and bouncy, a bed. 

"Hmmmmm," he mumbled, thinking about having her in the bed. But were not home....he thought to himself. 

"Ok, take off your blindfold! Happy Valentine's Day!" Val yelled, he could hear the excitement in her voice. This made him excited too. He pulled it off and it took a minute to adjust his eyes. He smiled as he looked around the room. They were in a hotel, a very nice hotel. The bed was a California King with a pink down comforter and red silk pillows. Red, pink and white rose petals scattered all over the floor, bed and tables. What looked like hundreds of candles were burning all over the room in big clusters. 

"Wow, this is nice. Happy Valentine's Day." he replied, looking around. The end table had a giant glass of champagne on ice with 3 glasses. Three? Hmmmm, he thought. There was a basket wrapped in red cellophane. A present he presumed, for himself. Next to it were the presents he had gotten for her. A few movies she liked, a gift certificate to the spa for a day of indulgence, and the final box; a beautiful ring, symbolizing his love for her. He had put it in a bigger box to throw her off. He wasn't sure yet when he would pop the question now, since she was in control of this date, but he'd ask sooner or later. First he wanted to see what she had planned for the evening.

"Do you love it??!!" She hopped onto his lap, grinding against him innocently. She smiled her amazingly perfect smile, all teeth dazzling white and straight. God, that smile. Her blue eyes twinkled with pleasure, seeking his acceptance.

"I love it, this is really nice, I had no idea you had all this planned! I love you Baby." He raked his big hands through her dark, long hair and pulled her in for a kiss. Their lips crushed together passionately, he opened his mouth and sought out her deliciously tasting tongue with his. He massaged her mouth with his, moving his head from side to side. She ran her soft hands along his jaw line, making him shiver. He loved her touch. She was so soft, so sweet, so sexy. She suddenly pulled away. 

"Do you want to eat first or open your gifts?" She bounced off his lap, her curvy, sexy frame moving seductively. She stood around 5'5. She was a healthy weight and had curves in all the right places. Her dark hair nearly hit the top of her perfect butt. It was curled loosely and she was wearing a red dress that went to about her knees. She had dark leggings on with black boots, and a red sweater over her shoulders. She showed a little bit of her full C-cup cleavage. She was so sexy, but had class. She didn't show it off for strangers. Only for him. 

"How 'bout the gifts." Tom replied. He wasn't that hungry, for food that is. 

"Ok, can I go first? I really want to save yours for last!" Val asked, walking over to the table with the gifts. 

"Sure, but this one," He got up and grabbed the box with the engagement ring, "has to wait until later tonight!" he winked at her and set it next to the bed.

"Ooookkkk," she slowly replied, eyeing him suspiciously with a hint of a smile and twinkle in her eye. She opened her gifts, laughing and smiling and loving them all. She kissed him after every gift and thanked him. When she was done with hers she grabbed the basket and plopped it in his lap. "Alright, open 'er up." She bit down on her bottom lip and looked up at him; she was kneeling down between his legs on the floor, rubbing his thigh. He unwrapped the basket and his jaw dropped at the sight inside. A basket full of sex toys. A lot of sex toys. 

"Woah," he replied, his cock stiffening immediately. He saw anal beads, a butt plug, a whip, 4 different kinds of dildos, a vibrator, nipple clamps, flavored lubes, massage oil and a book of sexual positions. 

"Do you like 'em?" she asked, curiosity in her voice, along with a hint of horniness. All he could do was stifle a laugh. His eyes were big and full of excitement, and a little bit of shock. They had experimented with a few little things here and there, but some of these things; a butt plug, were wild! 

"I just hope this isn't for ME!" he said, holding up the hot pink string of anal beads and big, curvy, clear, glass plug. He looked down at Val with his eyes raised in fear and she just giggled and bit her lip. 

"I guess it doesn't HAVE to be." She laughed, as she stood. "You feel like trying these out?" she asked, walking over to him and placing her hand on his stiff cock, rubbing it through his jeans. "Mmmmmm," she moaned using her other hand to grab his neck and pull him in for a deep tongue filled kiss. She massaged his mouth, licked his lips, and nibbled his bottom lip. She moved her hand slowly side to side stroking him past the point of full erection to the brink of fulfillment. She suddenly pulled away, "I have another present for you though," she whispered, backing away from him slowly and removing her sweater. She let it drop to the floor and began lifting up her dress. She pulled it over her head and tossed it aside. Next the boots were kicked off along with the leggings. She was now in her matching black, lacy, low cut bra and matching cheeky panties. She rubbed her hands over her delicious tits and around the back of her body to unhook her bra. She let it fall as her tits lightly jiggled to the natural motion. Her nipples perky and erect, ready to be sucked and licked. She began to move her hands up towards her breasts and took them both into her hands, squeezing gently, moaning in pleasure. She turned around and bent over pulling her panties down to her ankles. Her sweet, tight ass sticking out at him. He could see a hint of her pussy lips sticking through. Her lean tanned legs looked amazing from this angle. Tom could only sit and gawk at how unbelievably perfect and sexy she was. His breathing grew uneven and the air felt thick. She rubbed her hands up and down her legs and spread her cheeks so he could get a look at her tight backdoor hole. She ran her finger over it and down to her pussy lips. She stuck one finger inside and it slid in quickly. She was dripping wet. She whimpered and moaned at him, and pulled her finger out. She stood up, kicked aside the panties and stuck her pussy juiced finger into her mouth, licking and slurping it all in. "Mmmmm," she moaned at the taste of herself. 

She turned around and walked into the bathroom. Tom took this opportunity to get a glass of champagne, take off his clothes and set out all the toys she had gotten. He definitely wanted to try the butt plug on her, and the nipple clamps. They had only enjoyed anal a few times, but when they did do it, it was amazing. Val's ass was so tight and she loved the feeling of his big cock thrusting in and out if it. It could make her cum in a very short time. She never let Tom cum in her ass though; she always took him in her mouth right after and sucked him dry. She would usually cum again while doing this, at just the thought of doing something so dirty and naughty. She loved it. 

Tom heard the door open and Val stepped out completely naked, as she had entered, but now had someone with her. "This is your other present Baby, this is Kat. You can call her Kitty Kat or Pussy if you want." Val giggled at her joke and she looked back at her new friend. She too was naked; blonde hair, tall, thin, very beautiful. Her breasts were large, most likely fake by the looks of them, her pussy had a light brown triangle of hair above the clit and her nipples were pierced. 

Tom wasn't sure what to say. Was this a joke, a trick, a test? They had never spoken of wanting to have a threesome. Not that he was opposed to it of course; he just didn't want to rock the boat with Valerie. 

"Uh, are- are you sure?" Tom stumbled out. He didn't know what to do; he was naked in front of a stranger with a raging hard on. 

"Oh yeah I'm sure. This will be a night you'll never forget Baby." Val turned and began kissing Kat's nipples. She turned her head so Tom could get a perfect view and licked her tits softly, flicking her tongue around and taking the tit into her mouth, sucking ferociously. She bit at the piercing and tugged gently. 

"Ohhhhhh yesssss," Kat hissed throwing her head back and stroking Val's arms gently. She moved her hand down to her ass and began rubbing her. Val dropped to her knees and kissed her stomach. Kat parted her legs and Val dipped her head between her. She began to suck, lick and kiss Kat's clit. She suddenly stopped and looked over at Tom. 

"Oh baby, come here!" She held out her hand for Tom to join and he did as he was told. He stood behind Val and put his hands on her shoulders as she delved back into Kat's sweet, pussy flesh. He wasn't sure what he should do, what his part was to be in all this. So Tom just stood there and stared in awe at the beautiful, highly erotic, sight. He had always fantasized about Val with another woman but never thought he'd see it for real. His big, hard cock bobbed above Val's head and Kat reached out and grabbed it. Her hands were rough and strong. She stroked him slow and steady as she closed her eyes in pleasure and bit down on her lip. The feeling of a new hand on his cock felt amazing. His thick cock started to ooze pre-cum. 

Meanwhile, Val worked her tongue, licking the folds of Kat's clit and lips; she stuck her tongue deep inside her pussy and wiggled it back and forth. She took one finger, stuck it in her pussy for juice then began massaging Kat's back opening. She slowly slid her finger in and twisted it. Kat moaned loudly at the pleasure of Val's tiny finger in her tight, puckered ass. She was on the verge of cumming. Tom being stroked began to reach climax while he lifted his hand to massage Kat's big tit. He ran his thumb over the tip of her tit and he began to come in Val's hair. She quickly turned around and caught the rest of his cum on her face with her mouth wide open. She licked the cum around her mouth and wiped her face with her hand, licking her fingers. She stared into his eyes the entire time, adding to the excitement and erotic-ness of it all. Kat bent down by Valerie and helped lick the remaining cum from her face. 

Valerie stood and told them to move to the bed. Kat lay on her back while Val dove in between her legs to finish her job. Tom grabbed the lube and butt plug and got to work on Val. He lubed the plug then began rubbing it on her tight hole. He could see it throbbing in anticipation for the penetration she desired. The plug had a small tip and widened as you shoved it in further. In the middle it dipped and became skinnier only to widen even more again. He pushed the tip through and Val moaned, he pushed it in further and she gasped. He pulled it out fast and pushed it back in slowly. He repeated this action of fucking her ass with the cool, glass plug over and over; pushing it in a little deeper every time until it was all the way in. He let go and it stayed in place. He moved to the side of the bed to watch Val finish finger fucking Kat's pussy. She pounded her fingers into Kat hard and quickly; while at the same time flicking her tongue around Kat's clit. Kat came and cried out. She squirted juices onto Val's face and Val opened her mouth wide to catch as much as she could to swallow. The taste was amazing. Val had never tasted squirting pussy juice before. 

The girls both looked at Tom at the same time and Val said, "Your turn Baby," They laid him down on the bed on his back. Val took to his mouth while Kat positioned herself above his big cock. She was pouring lube onto her finger and she rubbed it on her backdoor. She ran her finger in a circular motion around the tight pucker. Then inserted her finger slowly. She pushed it all the way in and threw her head back, gasping. She pulled her finger back out then lowered herself onto Tom's ready cock. She pushed down onto him slowly and he entered her ass. She was incredibly tight. Not as tight as Val, but still tight. She sat facing away from him and he could see him enter and leave her as she bounced on top of him like he was a fun ball. She grabbed hold of her tits and pitched her nipples as she let him enter her as fully as he could. She used one hand to tweak her tit as she used her other hand to massage her dripping wet clit. She brought her fingers to her mouth and sucked, they were full of juices. She grinded on his pole faster and faster, feeling him hit her anal g spot. She could feel pleasure building throughout her entire body. She rubbed herself faster and faster until she came hard. She slammed down on his dick one last time quick and fast and felt an explosion of juice in her pussy and in her ass. She had come and so had he. She leaned forward and brought her ass off his cock. Her hole dripping with his cum. Val leaned forward and spread Kat's cheeks. She stuck out her pink, moist tongue and licked the cum off her hole. Kat pushed and more cum trickled out slowly. Val licked that, as well as sticking her tongue inside her ass to get the rest. 

While Kat had her ass fucked Val had been getting her own pleasure as well. Val had stationed herself over Tom's face and had him licking, sucking and finger fucking her to ecstasy. She wiggled and rolled her pussy on top of his face before she brought it down for him to taste. She was so incredibly wet. He slid in easily. He stuck 3 fingers in and wiggled them around quickly. While doing so he sucked her shaven clit and licked her folds. He licked side to side in a repetitive motion. He pulled his fingers out and grabbed hold of the plug still in place in her sweet ass. He pulled it out and she grabbed it from him, bringing it to her mouth and licking the side. She closed her eyes and shuddered in pleasure. She handed the plug back to him and he thrust it into her ass hard. She yelped loudly, but not in pain. He began slamming the plug deep inside her faster and faster. Her breathing became uneven, choppy and she put her hands up against the wall for leverage. She began to wiggle and pump against the plug wanting more, deeper, faster. She was insatiable. She wanted more, needed more. Tom reached over and a dildo was at arm's length. He added that to the mix, shoving that into her throbbing pussy intervalling it with the plug. Plug went in, dildo out, plug out, dildo in. Val had never encountered double penetration. It was beyond describing. It was hard from this angle for Tom to lick her clit so he took advantage and talked dirty to her. 

"Yeah, you like that? You like being fucked in the ass? You like your pussy getting fucked? Tell me you like it you dirty little bitch," She replied with moans, yes's and, "I'm a dirty little bitch, fuck my ass. Fuck this dirty girls' tight ass. Make me cum Baby. I want to cum." He continued to work the toys in and out routinely fucking her pussy and back hole until he could tell she was close to cumming. Her motions got wild and she furiously fucked the objects harder and harder. She felt the pleasure rise from her pussy and ass to her chest and to her head. She exploded with bliss, chills running down her body. Her body jolting and convulsing to the orgasm. It went on for several moments until she wound down. She fell off to the side; Tom pulled the toys out and set them aside. Just then Kat was cumming and Valerie got up and leaned over to lick the cum dripping and oozing from Kat's tight back hole from her encounter with Tom's cock. They all lay in bed together breathing loudly and enjoying the peace. The calm after an orgasm. After a short break they returned to more fucking. Trying different positions and toys. Val used the anal beads on Kat's perfect hole. Licking each bead as it popped from her asshole. Tom fucked both Kat and Val's mouth, hitting the backs of their throats making them gag. Once he squirted his load, he girls enjoyed lapping up and gurgling his cum before swallowing. Orgasm after orgasm, pleasure after pleasure. They endured an amazing night of fun, fucking and food. 

Around 3 a.m. Kat got dressed and left the hotel. Val kissed her goodbye with a deep tongue kiss and said she would see her Monday at work. After Kat left Val and Tom cuddled on the bed, drinking the rest of the champagne and reliving the highlights of the night. 

"I cannot believe that happened. WOW, that was....I don't even know what to call that." Tom said, still in awe at the events that had taken place. "How did I get so lucky?" 

"So you might want to do this again? With her I mean?" Valerie asked, lying on the bed, naked, legs wide open. 

"If you want to, yeah." Tom replied. 

"Oh, I definitely want to." She answered, winking at him and smiling. Tom stared at Val, so beautiful, so perfect, so sexy. She had let him enjoy many pleasures at the hand of her and another woman. He felt like the luckiest man alive. "Happy Valentine's Day." Val said, leaning over and kissing his cheek. 

"Happy Valentine's Day." Tom replied leaning over to the table to grab the special box with the special ring, for his special girl.