 This follows on from A Chance meeting, and is best read after reading the first installment. Polly and Andy have met up at a conference and taken their previously flirting relationship into a raunchy physical encounter. Its about to get more interesting as the games continue.

*

Polly and I made our way down to the bar, very aware of how aroused we were and what had just happened. We were both in an excited state of dress too with Polly wearing little under the tight skirt I had recently been wearing and me wearing a pair of stockings and suspenders under my trousers! 

In the bar stood a very sexy brunette, a little taller than Polly, though the 4" heels helped. She was fuller in figure than Polly, but equally desirable and my cock twitched at the thought. After completing introductions Polly got some drinks in and we sat down at a table in a corner, the two women close together. I could see Polly being careful as she sat down, her bare mound on her mind. 

"Andy won," was all she said, and Cheryl smiled at both of us. Her red dress clung to her full breasts, but fell naturally away from the waist to swirl around her thighs, ending just above her knees. The neckline was suitably discreet, but plunged in a vee to her waist at the back. Her shapely calves were clad in black, seamed nylon, and I noticed Polly discreetly toying with Cheryl's dress around mid-thigh. 

As we drank Cheryl asked, "So, what's the price you have to pay, sis?" 

(Although Polly and Cheryl referred to each other as sisters, they were actually from different marriages, with Polly's father having got re-married to Cheryl's mother when both girls were quite young.)

Polly slid her hand along Cheryl's thigh, rubbing the nylon covered flesh through the thin cotton. "Well... you don't get to take any clothes off straight away when we get to Andy's room, and.... you do get to have an orgasm.... and I am the one selected to give it you!" 

With that I saw Polly lift the strap of a suspender belt under the red cotton of Cheryl's dress. Cheryl raised an eyebrow at this, and I waited with interest for her reply. Wordlessly, she put her drink down, eased Polly's hand away and slid her own hands up her nylon-clad thighs, lifting the hem of her dress as she did so. I saw her lift slightly, slide her hands back down and then for some reason seemed to drop her bag on the floor. Reaching down she retrieved the bag, and with it the reason for the dropped bag - a pair of black, silk French knickers which she had just removed and which she now discreetly placed in my hand.

"Better give you these now then, as I think I would like you to wear them if I can't!" she whispered, arching her eyebrows and smiling. This was turning out to be an amazing evening, and we still had to return to the forfeits!

We quickly finished our drinks after that and went up to my room. Almost as the door closed Polly and Cheryl wasted no time and immediately entwined themselves, Cheryl reaching down to cup Polly's small, tight ass through the lycra before easing the skirt up and fondling her bare cheeks. Tonguing each other furiously, Polly's hands roamed across her sisters body, squeezing the twin fleshy globes of her ass and pulling them apart. My cock started to rise again as they broke from their mutual fondling, and Polly slid down Cheryl's neck and body, her lips fastening onto one tightly enclosed breast. Sucking and nipping furiously, Polly rolled the nipple around through the thin material, bringing gasps and groans of delight from Cheryl. She grasped Polly's head and pushed it harder in to her own body as Polly moved across to her other breast. I saw that Polly's actions had left the red cotton of Cheryl's dress soaking and clinging to her gorgeous, firm flesh. Her nipple was standing proud, and straining at the wet material, making it even more obvious Cheryl was not wearing anything under that clinging dress.

Polly left Cheryl's breasts and eased further down her body, licking and nipping as she went. The material on both breasts now clung to her highly aroused nipples, and she was starting to breathe heavily as Polly made her tortuous way down her sister's body. I couldn't believe the sexy nature of this, but seeing the way Polly explored all her sister's pleasure points it seemed apparent this was not the first time she had been there. Eventually Polly brought her hands down Cheryl's bare back and on to her cheeks, pulling her close as she chewed the material of her dress over the hidden sex mound, and then lifted the skirt.

Revealed, and nicely framed between black nylon covered thighs and a tight leather suspender belt, was Cheryl's shaven cunt. I didn't think I could get much harder, and needed to release my growing erection so I slipped off my trousers. For some reason I couldn't begin to understand I also slipped back on the heeled shoes Polly had me wearing earlier. Despite Polly's now frantic kneading of her ass, Cheryl groaned at me, "Remember I asked you to wear my knickers?"

I remembered her comment in the bar and retrieved her silky French knickers. I slipped them up over my stocking clad legs, the feelings sending shocks to my erect cock which eventually forced the front out and stood proudly encased in black shimmering fabric. As I watched Polly she pushed Cheryl gently towards the chair. She positioned her sister carefully, leaning her forward, placing her arms on the chair back and allowing her breasts to hang fully down below her, still clinging to soaking wet red material. 

Polly lifted Cheryl's skirt to reveal her firm and round ass cheeks, and a glimpse again of her hairless cunt lips now splayed out between the tops of her toned thighs. Polly bent down behind Cheryl and started to softly stroke the inside of her legs, starting lightly at her ankles and teasing her way up the seam of her black stockings. Cheryl moaned and moved round, trying to bring her thighs together but Polly kept them apart. I could see Cheryl watching my reaction, as I stroked my own erection through the silk of her own knickers and made a small wet spot appear as pre-cum leaked out of my straining cock.

I heard Cheryl gasp and looked down to see Polly starting at her ankles again, this time with her lips and tongue. As Polly followed the seam up the first shapely calf, I moved round to the chair and stood next to Cheryl's head. Needing no more encouragement Cheryl slipped her tongue out from between shiny, red lips and licked the spot of pre-cum on her knickers my cock had caused. I jerked, the sensations electric through my aroused member. Once the material was soaked and clinging to the head of my cock I reached and eased down the knickers, slipping them back down my stocking clad legs and again sending shivers of delight at the sensation. 

Cheryl set to work again, flicking her tongue time and again at the purple head of my engorged cock as Polly started on her other leg. Polly was slowly and sensuously licking her way to Cheryl's bare thighs and the honey pot in between. As her lips trailed wetly over the bare flesh at the top of the stockings, Cheryl slid her mouth over my sensitive glans and sucked hard. I groaned and strove hard not to cum. Her lips were so silkily soft, warm and wet as she engulfed the length of my swollen prick and circled her tongue around its head.

Just as she started to work her way back up my stiff member, she gave an involuntary cry and stopped all her mouth movement. She let me slide easily out of her mouth as she closed her eyes and ground her hips back into Polly's face. Polly had reached her goal, and was nuzzling her sister's soaking wet cunt lips. As I stepped away Polly moved her sister from her bent over position over the chair and pushed her gently on to her back on the bed. Swiftly we tied her Cheryl's wrists to the corners of the bed, as mine had been only an hour earlier, and then spread her shiny, stocking covered legs wide. Exposing that smooth, shaved mound, Polly went back to work, kneeling on the bed between Cheryl's wide spread thighs to lick frantically at her pouting red cunt lips.

I could see her busy tongue flicking up and down and moved to get a closer look. Polly was now drinking the sweet juices from her sisters swollen and dripping cunt, her tongue was piercing the lips and darting deep inside and Cheryl was close to cumming. Polly moved her attention to the pink nub of flesh standing proud on the shaven pubic mound, and took her sister's clit between her teeth. Nibbling gently she reached up and slowly inserted 3 fingers between the engorged red lips and pushed in.

As Cheryl felt this she let out a yell, "Faster, Polly, deeper, god I'm so ready for it.. harder," and she ground towards Polly's mouth and fist. I could not hold off any longer and reached behind the bent over Polly and lifted the red lycra skirt. As Polly started to pound away with three fingers and her mouth I slipped the duo balls from Polly's well used cunt, and slipped my sensitive, straining cock in between her wet lips and drove home. Polly barely let up as she felt my cock fill her up, concentrating on licking out the juices from Cheryl's flowing cunt.

I couldn't believe the sight - as I was screwing Polly, fishnet stockinged legs splayed and pert ass cheeks in the air, she was tonguing and fingering her sister to a loud and stormy orgasm. I didn't last long and the fast pace of my thrusting into Polly's already well used cunt started the familiar tingling in my balls. Polly started to jerk and clamped her cunt around me as I exploded into her, spasming time and again as my second load of cum was shot. Polly tensed and ground back, but as I continued my powerful thrusting I could see the results - it pushed her mouth and fingers into Cheryl and the rhythm for both sisters was too much. Cheryl clamped her thighs tightly round Polly's mouth and hand as she let a long, low moan and shuddered to the most powerful climax I have ever seen. Her body bucked and strained against the bonds as the climax swept through her, and her cries became unintelligible. Polly too came loudly, briefly releasing Cheryl's cunt and clitoris from her mouth to yell "Yes, yes, yes," over and over. Her body thrust back to meet my pulsing flesh, before finally collapsing forward, spent, onto her sister.

After a few quiet moments Polly slipped forward and my slowly subsiding cock slid out of her very full cunt, our combined juices starting to leak slowly from her red and well used lips. Polly stood up and used a towel to gently clean herself up, all the time smiling at me. 

"One more forfeit, are you up to it?" she teased.

"Why don't we ask Cheryl to do it?" I retorted, hopefully. Polly's grin broadened, and she passed the last slip of paper to her sister, still tied and spread-eagled on the bed. 

Polly released Cheryl from her bonds, and she sat up to read, "Polly will choose 4 items of clothing, you may choose any more you feel you need to wear, but your penalty will be 10 spanks on your bare ass for each extra item. You will then go for drinks from the bar wearing these clothes. On your return you will have your holes filled and Polly will cum in your mouth."

Polly looked around and asked me to choose the clothing. I picked out Polly's fishnet stockings, which she was still wearing, her latex knickers and Cheryl's own suspender belt, knowing that this would entail Cheryl choosing more and needing to pay for them. 

Cheryl smiled and slowly peeled off her red cotton dress, revealing her fantastic full breasts for the first time. Her light brown nipples and aureole were still standing proud from the teasing and sucking that Polly had given them, and her bare mound was framed by the black leather suspenders. Cheryl reached forward and slowly unclipped the first of Polly's fishnet stockings, sliding it sensuously down her leg, before slipping it off. She carefully rolled her own seamed stocking off, and the slid Polly's fishnet one immediately back up her own leg, and clipped it in place, smoothing the net against her tanned thigh. She repeated the movement with the other stocking, teasing Polly as she brushed her inner thighs just below her very well used pussy lips. Last of all, she slid and stretched the small latex knickers up over her round, high cheeks and into place, just covering her own labia and bare mound.

Looking around, Cheryl selected Polly's mini dress, and squeezed into it. Her larger round breasts strained at the fabric, as she is clearly more well endowed than her sister. The dress really emphasised her cleavage, so she picked up my shirt and slipped it over the top of her dress. Stepping into her heels, she made for the door saying, "Looks like 40 of the best for me when I get back. Would it be too much to set my conditions too - if I'm to be punished I need to be tied down and would like you both to still be wearing stockings!" We both nodded our agreement as Cheryl left.

Ten minutes later Cheryl returned with three long gin & tonic's, and found Polly and me ready for her. Once Cheryl had left the room, Polly had come and wrapped her arms around me, pressing her small, pert breasts against me. We kissed passionately, our tongues exploring the taste of each other and seeking to arouse each other again. As we kissed, I slowly drifted my hands up Polly's back, lightly touching her PVC basque, and then tracing her backbone down again until my hand slid off onto her cheeks. Using both my hands, and still kissing strongly, I rolled her small, tight buttocks around, sliding a finger in the crack between them each time I eased them apart. Polly squirmed against me, rubbing her bare, shaven pussy against me through the front of the lycra skirt Polly was still wearing. Eventually we parted, and came up for air, but held each other close as if realising the whole evening had been very special and trusting.

"Cheryl does want you in stockings, so if you will allow me," and with that I knelt at Polly's delicate feet, and lifted her foot. Taking one of Cheryl's discarded stockings I slowly rolled it up the slim leg, over the knee and onwards up the sexy, slim thigh until it would go no further. Clipping it in place, I lightly drifted my fingers down the now nylon clad leg, and started again with the other leg. Once this was in place, I nipped gently at the bare flesh at the top of each stocking, and was rewarded with a small groan, and a slow gyration of the hips, thrusting her bare sex towards me. Which reminded me that Polly's love tunnel was no longer full! 

Standing up I said "There's only a couple of moments left, now what I suggest is," and I leaned to whisper my ideas for dealing with Cheryl on her return.

Polly was sat on a chair placed in the middle of the room, and at right angles to the mirror on the room wall. She had replaced her high stilettos, and had slipped off the lycra skirt and into Cheryl's red dress. Bending over she had passed my the two polished balls, which I had not problem slipping into a sloppy, well lubricated cunt. I was really getting into the alternative clothes and had put on the blouse I was originally asked to wear by Polly, and stood in my own heeled shoes and stockings next to Polly. I took the drinks from Cheryl and moved her towards Polly. 

"We are both wearing stockings, so you must now be prepared to fulfil the rest of the forfeit. If you cry out while you are receiving your punishments, the count will start again from zero, you will take the rest of them gagged."

With that, I laid Cheryl over Polly's knee so that she was facing the wall mirror. Polly lifted the hem of Cheryl's tight lycra dress and exposed her gorgeous bum, spread tight across Polly's thighs. I slid the latex knickers down to Cheryl's thighs and Polly started to spank her sisters exposed cheeks. The first few slaps were fairly gentle but soon Polly started to increase the pressure and red marks were appearing across her sister's perfect round flesh. Cheryl started to squirm and breathe heavily as Polly's efforts got harder, and after almost 20 of the best she let a small cry pass her lips. Polly immediately stopped, and I moved round to Cheryl's head.

"You were warned," I said, and Cheryl looked up and smiled, opening her mouth as if to say she welcomed the gag. 

I made a ball of her knickers, discarded earlier on in the bar, and pushed them into her mouth, surprising her with the scent and taste of herself. She looked back into the mirror as Polly resumed her spanking, starting from one again, and I could see that Cheryl was becoming very aroused. Her pussy lips were parting, and becoming very wet again as her sister rained hard spanks down on her unprotected bare cheeks. Her breathing got more laboured, and she wriggled around on Polly's legs until the last of her sixty blows landed. I stood Cheryl up, and took off the shirt and Polly's dress she had been wearing. Sliding the latex knickers down and off her delicate feet, Cheryl stood in her suspender belt, and Polly's fishnet stockings, her own knickers acting as a gag, her firm cheeks red from the spanking her sister had just given her. 

Polly moved over to the edge of the bed, and lay down, spreading her thighs and lifting her red dress up to expose her beautiful shaved mound. I took Cheryl's knickers from her mouth, and she needed no further instruction, pussy juice was running down the top of her thighs she was so excited by the spanking she had just received. She got onto all fours and started to lick gently at the tops of her sister's thighs. Polly groaned, and lay back to enjoy the pleasure, and I looked at the red cheeks presented to me. I wondered what we might use to fill all of Cheryl's holes and I found the 5" dildo Polly had been using earlier. Polly saw me and reading my mind motioned me to her bag. In it was a much longer, slimmer vibrator and I picked this up with delight. Slowly I fed the tip into Cheryl's wet and open cunt, easing the length in until the whole of it was buried in her dripping love tunnel. 

Starting a rhythm I moved it in and out in steadily increasing thrusts as Cheryl began to tongue furiously at her sisters cunt, slurping in the remaining mix of spunk and juices being forced out by the invading balls. Polly was writhing on the bed, so I started to play with Cheryl's pussy juice, sliding some of it around to her rear hole. Using just the tip of my finger at first, I started to play with the opening of Cheryl's puckered anus, easing it slowly in and out to dilate it a little. I was rewarded with groans from Cheryl, as the vibrator reached the very ends of her cunt, and her rear hole started to open. I could see that Polly too benefited from this, as Cheryl fixed her lips on her sister's shaven labia and slurped down the juices now flowing from them. Eventually I slipped the vibrator out of Cheryl's cunt and started to play its tip around the entrance of her rear hole. Slowly I eased the tip into her butt between her well spanked buttocks, sliding it in and out, penetrating a little further each time and lubricating its passage with her freely flowing pussy juices. Cheryl momentarily stopped her mouth work as the first inch slid in, then pressed her cheeks back and her mouth forward as I slowly worked the vibrator home. I was amazed to see almost 7" of this slim object disappear into Cheryl's ass, and the noises I was getting through the slurping around Polly's red raw cunt lips told me Cheryl was getting close on this alone.

I knelt behind Cheryl, and positioned the head of my prick at the entrance to her cunt. Pushing forward, I slid all the way in, and could feel my prick slide against the vibrator through the thin wall. Cheryl yelled and I felt her muscles clamp me as the first orgasm hit her. As it subsided, Polly pushed her sister's head back to work, and Cheryl resumed the frantic tonguing she was giving her sister. As I started to thrust gently in and out I could see Polly getting close to her own orgasm, and knew this game was almost at an end. I turned the vibrator on, and Cheryl let out a groan from within her sisters lips as I pushed home again, feeling the vibrations against my prick and my own orgasm starting to rip through me. I came with the most violent spurting I could remember, despite it being my third that evening, as Cheryl got a mouth full of Polly's love juices. Finally Cheryl's second wave broke and she screamed and grabbed her sister's thighs, licking and crying out as the waves of pleasure swept over her. I continued to explode for a few more seconds and then slowly stopped my thrusting. 
