 Author's note: Though this story is part of a series devoted to my wife,  **This is a stand-alone story** and is the first half of an epic tale. My wife wrote the portion about the Statue Room, which was very eye-opening for me and added a whole new paradigm to our sex life IRL. She also described each of the participants in Room VI per her real-life fantasies.

The story's first third is more about us reconnecting romantically and sexually exclusively with each other. The group sexy times begin following the divider ----- CLUB AURORA -----, so if that's what you're after, skip the opening pages. This is definitely my wildest story to date and quite different from my romantic ones. I wrote it for my wife, but posted it here for you. Enjoy.




My job took me away from my loving wife for 7-11 months, and the time away was pure torture. We talked as much as we could—which was about once every two weeks—and mail was three weeks each way. But this was what I'd trained my whole life to do, so I wasn't bothered by it, and my wife was very supportive the whole time, sending me everything from food to love notes and even a couple DVDs of porn, which shocked my buddies. Most of their wives didn't have quite the same attitude about their husband's sexuality as Tori does. Their loss.

Toward the end of the business trip, I got an email from Tori titled, "I Found What We're Doing When You Get Back." The only content was a URL and the word "[password]." Clicking it the link, I was taken to a generic Members-Only webpage with a blinking text box. Intrigued, I typed "[password]" and hit ENTER. A page opened, still without pictures, titled, "CODE OF CONDUCT." As I read, my eyes widened.

The "code" explained the specific rules and acceptable behavior for Club Aurora, Las Vegas' premier sex club. The dryly written and systematic list of rules did little to suppress my growing excitement about the unbelievable opportunities opening to my world, restrictions notwithstanding. 

"By agreeing to this code of conduct, you are acknowledging the establishment's laws, and that you will be subject to dismissal if they are not obeyed. Dismissal is non-negotiable and final, and results in instant revocation of membership."

Yeah, I can live with that. -click- I AGREE.

The next page loaded as far as "Welcome to Club Aurora" and a picture of a swank nightclub, but the weak bandwidth on the ship soon crashed and shut down the site. Frantic attempts to try again all failed, and over the next few weeks as we sailed back across the Atlantic any other attempts failed as well.

Landfall was amazing; everyone with a loved one waiting for them had intense, joyful reunions. The single guys met up with friends and carpooled out, most heading straight to bars and strip clubs. America truly is the greatest country in the world and we were glad to be home again.

Tori was wearing a breezy summer dress, her stylishly cut, night-dark brown hair hanging down almost to her butt. She smiled tearfully and squeezed the breath out of me. "Welcome home, my love," she said, sniffling and smiling.

"Wow, I don't see you for almost a year and the first thing you do is start crying. How I have missed you..."

She laughed and slapped my shoulder, looking up at me pathetically. "I missed you, babe! I'm happy to see you!"

"Then stop crying, idiot! I'm here!" I kissed her deeply.

"C'mon...I have a LOT more in store for you," I said, turning her toward the parking lot and smacking her butt.

We drove home holding hands, looking back and forth at each other to confirm we were really here together again. As soon as we got home, 

I took Tori by the hand and dragged her into the house. 

"Wait for me in the bedroom," I said, reaching down to untie my boots. My flightsuit was next, then my shirt, socks, and underwear. I strode into the bedroom. My wife was standing in front of the bed, the flush on her chest growing as she saw my naked form coming at her. I firmly pushed her onto the bed, kneeling between her legs as we began kissing with all the longing of months of separation. 

I worked my cock under the hem of her dress, sliding it up between her thighs until I reached her slit. As requested, it was naked, and I could feel that it was baby-smooth. "You waxed for me, didn't you?"

She smiled and nodded, and I was done with waiting. Leaning back on my haunches, I took hold of the dress above her breasts and ripped it open down the front, revealing her naked body beneath. Wrapping her legs around me, I leaned back down on top of her and started kissing again. My throbbing cock pressed against the lips of her pussy, slowly working her juices around the head as she grew wetter.

She was moaning into my mouth as her hands ran up and down my back. Her hips were grinding down onto my dick, and inch by inch I worked it into her. I couldn't believe how tight she felt...she must not have played with any of her toys recently in preparation for my return. Soon I was buried in her, and I slowly began picking up the rhythm as we made love for the first time in months.

The familiar sensations and almost-forgotten memories of each other came flooding back, and soon my balls were slapping on her ass as I thrust into her with all of the desperate love and insatiable lust within my soul. Her cries of ecstasy were loud and constant, mixed with my grunts and hard breathing. So long denied, neither of us lasted long, nor did we try to. We needed each other, and we climaxed simultaneously with a physical and emotional intensity matching our last time together, but this time the tears streaking her rapturous face were for joy. 

Our movements slowed and we fought to get our breathing under control. Tori has cried during love-making in the past, and usually I give her a hard time about making me feel guilty or self-conscious about being a bad lover, but today I just kissed her tenderly.

"Hey, you."

She sniffed again and looked up at me. "Hi."

"I love you."  

She teared up again and hugged me with both her arms and legs, pulling me down on top of her. "I missed you so much, darling! I can't believe you're here."

'Believe it," I said as I flexed my softening cock inside her. She laughed, which caused her to snot a little on my shoulder.

"Oh, gross, woman, what the hell? I don't see you in forever, and you blow your nose on my arm?" I asked, smiling.

"Shut up!" She grabbed a new corner of her dress and cleaned off my arm. "I liked this dress."

"You like me more."

"Maybe."

I smirked at her. "And you like what I did to your dress." '

She tried not to smile. "Maybe."

With the need temporarily sated, my mind turned to the other thing that had been burning for the last few weeks.

"Okay, tell me what that club is. I couldn't enter the website because it was too much for the ship's internet. How did you find it, how are we already members...tell me everything."

She looked up at me, surprised. "You couldn't log on? I'm sorry, I didn't think about that when I sent you the link. It's a private sex club in Las Vegas. I found it while I was looking up things to do while we're there. Even to access the website, you must be a member, so I applied. The application required copies of our driver's licenses, a current digital photograph, and a copy of our fingerprints. They run a background check on applicants for criminal records, and while it didn't specify why we had to send a picture, I don't imagine just anyone gets in."

"Sounds oddly elitist."

"It is, and I thought it was a little weird, but a couple weeks later we were accepted and given a password. Once I saw pictures of the place and the people, it was pretty exciting to be accepted."

"It sounds like we're joining some kind of secret order."

"Maybe we are? And if so, do you not want to join some secret sex party organization in Las Vegas filled with beautiful people from around the world?"

My face said it all.

"That's what I thought. Go check out the website. It's huge, and has everything you could think of," she kissed me on the nose. "I'm going to get dinner started."

"That's my woman: 'Welcome home, here's sex and a steak.'"

"That's because I am awesome and you love me."

It was my turn to answer, "Maybe."

The website was indeed huge, and the few short hours I had that night were spent browsing. It was too much to take in during one visit, but I was pretty sure Tori and I would be looking it over together the next day. Or so I thought.

"Wow, this place looks amazing, babe! Are we really going?" I was like a kid discovering his birthday, Christmas, and summer vacation could all be had on the same day. 

She looked up at me, then over to the side of the room at two suitcases lying against the wall. "Oh, did I not tell you? We leave tomorrow," she said innocently.

Have I mentioned this before? My wife is PERFECT.

-------

We settled into our seats, and we were the only two people in our row. I was giddy and full of energy; Tori was being tolerant in a motherly sort of way toward my pestering behavior as we waited for takeoff. 

"When are we going? What are we going to do when we get there? What are you going to wear? What are we going to do? When are we going?" 

Finally, laughing, she told me to shut the hell up. "We can't go for a few days yet. When we get there this afternoon, we have to go and have blood drawn so we can be tested for diseases."

"Damn, the hospital is in on this, too? This sex club is the best conspiracy theory ever."

"No, they have their own clinic and medical staff."

That put me in check for a moment. "Wow, they can afford to have a fully-functional clinic?" I thought about that for a second. "How much was our membership fee?"

"Expensive," was all she said. Then she looked at me. "Do you really care how much it was?"

"Fuck no--that almost makes it better. So where's the clinic?"

"It's at the club."

My face lit up. "So we're going to the club today? What are we going to do when we get there? What are you going to wear?" I started up again, and she just sighed and pretended she was going to sleep.

My favorite part of flying is the takeoff, when you are pushed back into your seat by the acceleration. The 'g' lasts through rotation and the first couple thousand feet of the climbout, but after that the body 'catches up' with the plane and it's just like sitting in any other chair. That is unless you're by the window seat, which I always demand and Tori allows ("I swear, you're still a child sometimes." "Sometimes?"). She usually sleeps through plane rides anyways, so the view would be wasted on her anyhow.

I let her sleep for a while, through the first beverage service. Looking around, the plane was only about 2/3 full. Drinking my ginger ale, I reached down into my backpack and discretely pulled out the package I had prepared early this morning. I waited until she readjusted herself again, then I leaned over and cupped her breast in my hand and started sucking her earlobe.

She moaned slightly as she drowsily opened her eyes. "Babe..." she admonished, pushing my hand away and looking around. We were still the only ones in our row, and no one could really see us.

"What? I missed your boobs. Sorry if I woke you up, I was trying to grope you gently. Look, I got you some juice."

"Oh, thank you." 

"I also got you this," I said, holding up the ziplock bag. Inside was a butt plug and a bottle of astroglide.

She raised her eyebrow at me. "The drink cart was selling those too, huh? Funny, that looks a lot like one of ours."

"I know! I was kind of surprised, too. But the stewardess strongly recommended it, saying it should be about the right size for you."

"Did she? You two were talking about me like that while I was asleep."

"Oh, yeah, I mentioned that you loved having things in your ass, and she agreed that you definitely looked like the type of girl who would."

"Liar," she smiled. "But that doesn't mean I'm not..." Swiping the bag out of my hand, she slipped it into the pocket of her pullover and unstrapped her belt. Standing, she looked down at me and wriggled her nose. "I have to go the bathroom."

"I know. Just make sure you hold onto the bag."

She headed down the aisle as I looked back out the window. A few minutes passed, then I felt her settle next to me again and throw the blanket over her lower body.

"How does it feel?" I murmured.

"Mmmm, good, but not as good as you do."

"Sorry about that, maybe later? In the mean time, may I help?" I asked, sliding my hand under the blanket.

"I was hoping you would, actually." She wasn't kidding: her jeans were already undone and pulled down enough to give my fingers unhindered access to her pussy. 

"Oh, these are for you," she said as she dropped her tiny black thong on my lap. I smiled and thanked her, putting them in my pocket. Then I proceeded to teasingly explore her with my fingers while she leaned her chair back and closed her eyes. 

The name of the game was nonchalance. Every outward appearance I gave was of a slightly bored passenger staring at flyover country while holding hands with my sleeping wife beneath the blanket. In reality, I was staring but not seeing while my mind processed every neural transmission from my fingertips, navigating this pussy that I knew so well yet had not been intimately familiar with in so long. I took my time, reacquainting myself properly. 

Tori's breaths came long and deep and if I hadn't known any better I would have assumed she really was asleep, but the way her vaginal muscles contracted around my probing fingers said otherwise. I could also feel her butt clenching around the plug. She was getting wetter by the minute.

Timed perfectly, the beverage service came again, and I brazenly kept fingering my wife as the stewardess asked if I wanted more ginger ale.

"Of course," I said quietly, handing her the plastic cup.

"Does she want more juice? I saw she was up and about earlier, going to the restroom. Is she feeling okay? She looks a little flushed."

"She's been working very hard the last few weeks and came down with something a couple days ago. I think she'll be okay; I gave her some decongestant at the airport. She'll sleep through the flight and be fine by tomorrow," I lied smoothly as I slipped another finger inside her. Her breathing checked for a heartbeat, then resumed.

"Well, I certainly hope so! Being sick in Las Vegas would be a terrible way to spend your vacation."

"It's our late-anniversary, actually. Like I said, she's been working very hard the last few weeks and we had to postpone celebrating until our trip."

"Oh, that's awful! But congratulations! This is your first anniversary?"

"Fifth, actually."

"Goodness! You both look so young, I just assumed..."

"It's alright. We dated in college, and I knew back then she was out of my league, so I had to marry her before she figured that out." I pulled my fingers back and rubbed on her clit.

The stewardess giggled. "Nonsense, you make a beautiful couple. If there's anything I can do for you, please let me know." I smiled and thanked her as I slipped my fingers back into my wife. The stewardess moved on, and I leaned over to my wife's ear.

"You are such a slut," I whispered.

"You are such a LIAR," she whispered back.

"Not my fault I had to cover for the blood in your cheeks. Way to be discreet, woman."

"Fine. You can show me how it's done." 

Tori threw the blanket over my crotch, and I took the hint and dropped my pants enough to free my cock. She couldn't really do anything with it without being obvious, but as I resumed fingering her she touched and fondled it, stimulated by its very presence. 

This went on for another ten minutes before my arm started getting tired. I leaned over to her. "Do you want to get off?"

She shook her head. "If you need to stop, I'm good. I just liked having you play with me while the plug was in me, too."

I pulled back my hand and her response was to squeeze my dick. 

"Oh, do that again."

Instead she sat up, looking aft over her seat.

"Meet me in last one on the left," she said, quirking an eyebrow.

She quickly stood and walked to the back of the cabin. I looked around at the flight crew and other passengers. No one seemed to be paying extra attention to her. I fastened my pants and counted to thirty, then coolly rose and walked back to the last stall and went in.

She attacked me, kissing me and unbuttoning my shirt. She was already topless, her pullover and bra folded neatly on the counter. Finished with my shirt, she continued down to my pants, unfastening them and pulling them down to my ankles as she knelt in front of me. I leaned back against the wall as she took me into her mouth. 

We had never done this before. Having grown up in Colorado I was already technically a member of the Mile High Club, but this was hot, especially when she reached up and started massaging my balls and taint. I gasped and my hips bucked. She fought to keep control of my cock as the stimulation in my crotch triggered spasms in my legs. Finally she just started jacking me off while she licked my balls.

I closed my eyes and my head thudded against the wall. Moments like this were what I had been missing all this time. I felt the one of my wife's fingers slide up my ass, delicately tickling my asshole before pressing into it up to the first knuckle. That was too much: I groaned, and she took me back into her mouth as I shot my load. She was moaning and looking up at me, one hand cupping my balls while the other fingered my ass. I shuddered as the last of my spooj dribbled into her mouth. 

Slowly she pulled her fingers out and slid my cock out of her mouth. Still looking up at me, she opened her mouth and displayed my white cum as she rolled it around her tongue, then swallowed. I lifted her up and kissed her, palming her naked breasts and squeezing her ass. 

"I love you, babe...I can't wait for the rest of this trip."

She nuzzled her nose against mine. "Baby, you have nooooo idea...."

-------

The plane touched down in beautiful Las Vegas, and we gathered our bags and hopped in a rental car. We paralleled the Strip on our way to the north end, passing behind MGM Grand, Paris, Harrah's, and a slew of others before arriving at our favorite, Wynn-Encore. Last time we stayed at opposite physical and financial ends of the Strip: two dirt-cheap but spectacularly godawful nights at the Hooters resort by the airport, followed by a sublime week at the Encore. Needless to say, we vowed to stay at the latter from then on. 

We checked into our room, dropping off our bags and taking a few minutes to freshen up. I was tempted to finish her from the airplane, but she reminded me that we had a reservation for blood-drawing, so I tucked myself back in and followed her out.

I drove, following her directions to a building on the other side of Las Vegas Blvd, between the Strip and Trump Towers. It was nondescript, but the paint was fresh and the doors looked heavy-duty. Apparently the clinic was out back, so we drove around and parked. It was a fairly large building, though only two stories tall. 

Neither of us are afraid of needles, so the process was straightforward. Also, the clinic was legitimate, though not advertised outside, and I doubt it was publicly listed. The nurse did her thing, announcing that we would be notified with the results in two days.

First on my list of things to do in Vegas (or any city that has one) is to get a big fat burrito from Chipotle. Established by fellow Coloradans, Chipotle is the ultimate in deliciously high-quality fast casual food. As a rule, the corporation will not expand anywhere unless the freshness of their product can be guaranteed. Apparently coastal Carolina cannot be supported, because we don't have any out there; instead, I am forced to gorge myself on trips to get my fix. Tori is wonderfully understanding of this, so that's where we went next. 
