 I was in Las Vegas. Some friends of mine had planned this whole trip and I was only able to join them at the last minute, so I could not get a seat on their same return flight. Result: I had to stay an extra day, poor me! After a few days of drinking too much, being too loud and essentially hitting on everything as a group in the stupidest ways (no surprises none of us got any), I was ready to smooth things out a little and confident enough to give a solo flight a chance. After a nice meal, a well needed nap and a good shower, I went down to the casino floor and played a little blackjack and had a few drinks. After about an hour of winning, losing the winnings, almost busting out and then winning a bit I looked at my chips, saw I was about even and decided that was enough, time to try the club that was open in that very same place.

Clubs are not really my scene, but the music was good and I was relaxed and confident. I suppose Vegas is carefully designed to achieve that feeling so that people bet without inhibition, and most people in the club are probably on the same wavelength and a good deal of them have rooms which are walking distance. All in all I gathered my chances of hooking up were as good as ever and with that in mind I proceeded to scout the place.

I danced with a girl or two, tried to get closer and exchange a few words, but did not get anywhere. Not to worry, normal, this is a numbers game, right? I went to the bar to get another drink and I could swear this one good looking woman stared at me for a second and then idly looked away. Not thinking much of it I ordered my drink, waited for it to be prepared and aimed back towards the dance floor.

As I passed by her on my way back I saw the stare once again. She had the most innocent smile and a joyful expression in her face. Now there was no doubt about it, so I carefully approached her and said

"Hi, I am Tim."

Now, I am indeed Tim, 25 at the time and reasonably-looking and proportioned. I've had my ups and downs with women and if I attempt to pick up a girl I will, on occasion, succeed, but I think the fingers in one hand are more than enough to count the times a woman has approached me or signaled me in as clearly as she had then. Her smile widened and she laughed a bit and said:

"What? No corny pick-up line for me? Just Hi?"

Before I could think of anything to say to that she laughed again, beautifully and said:

"I'm kidding, relax, I saw you out there chatting up those women. I am Jessica."

I laughed and leaned on the bar next to her and I did relax. We talked for a little while but the music was too loud to really carry on a conversation. I waited some time so as not to seem too eager and suggested we should go outside to keep on talking. She agreed and off we went, just outside to a kind of bar between the club and the casino floor. As I ushered her through the crowd I had a chance to appreciate her gorgeous body. She was voluptuous but not fat, had an amazing ass which I adored all the way we walked. This time we both sat down, I ordered a drink for each and we resumed our conversation. She was really interesting and the dynamic now seemed more like a date than a random club conversation. I was happy about that because it took my mind off my original goal and I was enjoying myself.

As this fake "date" went on I started to get a bit closer. She in turn gave all the right signs. She giggled at my jokes, played with the cocktail straw in her mouth and even touched my hand "casually". I had gotten the message, "this is happening" and was patiently playing by the rules. I was about to move in and claim my victory when it happened...

Her eyes wandered off behind me and her expression changed slightly. I started to turn my head but there was no need because this guy that had been walking towards us from behind me was already right beside me. She stood, spouted an "Oh, hi honey!" and immediately started making out with him right there in front of me. How long their kiss lasted I couldn't say, but after it was over, the guy had the most casual look ever, and so did she. I, on the other hand, was completely dumbfounded and can't remember whether I gasped, mumbled or did anything at all.

"Tim, this is my husband, Mark."

The guy stretched his hand towards me with a smile and the last remaining pieces of my brain fell to the floor. Seeing how I had left him hanging there because I basically couldn't move, Jessica giggled, smiled and leaned over to kiss me on the lips. As she did that she placed her hand on my thigh and slowly opened my mouth with her tongue. My reflexes took over and I started returning the kiss. We were now making out in front of this Mark guy, (her husband did she say?), she caressing my thigh and my hand had found its way to her back and searching down. Before my brain could regroup and piece all of this together she broke the kiss off and sat down again.

"Now will you say hi to Mark, please?"

The hand was stretched out again and I took it, probably the limpest handshake I have ever given, and my face resumed its frozen state.

"Relax, baby," Jessica said. "Mark knows we've been talking, he's been watching for some time from over there." She pointed at some high tables with stools across the way. "I'm sorry I tricked you, please don't feel bad."

"No, ok, I... I... it's fine. It's just, I don't understand, I thought we were hitting it off. You're married?"

"Both are true, hon. We did hit it off and yes, I am married. See, it was my birthday last week. This trip is my birthday present."

"I don't get it, what are you saying?"

"Well, you were ready to take me up to your room, were you?"

"Yes, I would've loved that."

"So would I, but what I really want for my birthday is a threeway. I want to sleep with both of you tonight. What do you say? are you up for it?"

As it all clicked into place, my goofy performance in the dance floor, Jessica spotting me and thinking the odds of getting what she wanted with me, the planned meet, my mind could not escape the idea of actually having sex with this woman anyway. I don't think I had even considered all the implications but my cock was getting hard already. I looked towards Mark and asked:

"And you are ok with this?"

"Sure", he replied. "It's not like she came up with this just now, we've been talking about it and I agreed. She was tasked with finding the guy. We exchanged an all-clear signal a few minutes ago."

As he said all this Jessica's smile widened and all the innocence I had spotted on that first stare had vanished and was replaced with a devilish look that was burning me alive. I took a step forward and leaned in to kiss her. She eagerly opened her mouth and as we started making out my hand found its way directly to her ass. She responded in kind and grabbed my ass. She then broke off the kiss without letting go, arched her head backwards and started kissing Mark again. Our mutual ass grip was still tight while they kissed and I found it extremely arousing.

"Ok!" she said. "Let's go up to our room."

Without uttering another word the three of us oozed our way through a sea of people, slot machines, dice tables and all sorts of obstacles that lay there before us and the elevators. Casino designers could not have built a tank big enough or lights bright enough to distract us from our goal.

The second that elevator door closed with just the three of us inside, Jessica turned her back to me and started kissing her husband. I immediately started caressing her ass and worked my way up finding the sides of her excellent breasts. She suddenly turned around and we switched roles. She threw her ass back towards Mark and started grinding his crotch. In that position I got a perfect glimpse of her cleavage and she grabbed my head and pulled it towards her plump breasts.

My joy was cut short by the elevator stopping and opening its doors. As we regained enough of our composure I couldn't help but think of all the security cameras and wondered if anyone had seen that. The other side of my brain replied a sarcastic "Dude, it's Vegas, you guys probably don't make it to their top 10 tonight". I laughed to myself on that though as Mark opened the door of their room and we went in. As he held the door open for us to go inside I couldn't help but notice the bulge in his pants and wondered if I was ready to go through with this.

As soon as the door closed time and space warped right there in that Vegas hotel room. Hands fumbled on clothes, on breasts, on asses, on aching bulges... My shirt was off already when Jessica started working on my belt and pants; as she did this Mark pulled her dress up in a single thrust. I was rewarded with the incredible sight of her perfect breasts that bounced beautifully as she finished unbuckling me. I grabbed her ass and pulled her to me. I kissed her and went down to her breasts, caressing, cupping and squeezing her nipples ever so slightly before bringing them to my mouth. As I sucked her tits, eyes closed and enjoying every second, I feel her running her fingers through my hair, first tenderly and then subtly but undeniably pushing me down. Accepting her instructions without complaint, I kissed my way down to her stomach and belly button while she took a few steps back and started sitting on the bed making me have to go down with her on my knees. Once she had sat down she lay back on the bed and now had both her hands on my head, guiding me towards her treasure. I quickly pulled her panties down and was greeted by one the sweetest aromas I've ever encountered. I was now hard as a rock and staring right into that beautiful glistening pussy as she spread her legs and pulled my head towards her.

I started to lick her pussy diligently. I've always enjoyed giving women oral sex so I was right at home. I took my time kissing her thighs and outer labia before working my way in. I savored every inch of her, gathering her juices in my willing mouth. She uttered soft words of encouragement showing me what she liked and I obliged. I started licking her clit and slid one finger inside her. I could tell that she was enjoying it because of the way she moved but her groans had stopped. Shortly after realizing this I started hearing other sounds, mummed grunts and slurps. I suddenly remembered it was not just us in the room and I looked up. Now, I've watched my fair share of porn, but seeing it live was something else. Mark, whom I had erased from my mind until now, was completely naked standing beside the bed. She had propped up herself in some pillows and was sucking his cock with abandon. This image will be forever burned in my memory. It was the first time I had seen a hard dick live other than my own and the action from an angle I've only seen in video. I could not give it much more thought because my brief interruption had not gone unnoticed and Jessica pulled my head back down. I resumed my services to the background slurps and grunts which, now that I had seen, I couldn't help imagining. She pressed my head tight signaling I should focus my tongue on her clit. My fingers were thrusting full force now and I felt her tighten and turn. She gave out a loud but mumbled groan as she came with Mark's dick well inside her mouth.

The pressure on my head subsided and I was able to lift my view. She had stopped sucking him, her eyes wild and her hair puffier than before. Her face was red and she was still breathing heavily. Mark was just standing there, his cock at full mast coated with saliva. Jessica sat up with her treacherous smile, held my head with both her hands and before I could react in any way leaned in and kissed me. Her tongue broke in fiercely to find mine and I automatically returned the kiss. The taste hit my brain before any intellectual realization of what was going on could. I had tasted this before, I've never reneged of kissing a woman that had just been sucking my dick and I never disliked it. But this, this was different. The taste was familiar and yet foreign, the feeling was wild and exciting. I kept on kissing her and caressing her, almost making a point of not being the one to break that kiss.

When we finally separated, her smile was one of enormous realization. With me standing by the bed she got herself on all fours facing me, grabbed my throbbing cock and said:

"Now it's your turn."

She slid my dick in her mouth and her tongue lapped around the head in a motion that made me light-headed. My eyes rolled back and when I focused again I saw Mark position himself behind her and quickly started to fuck her doggy-style. Jessica started using both her hands to keep her position so she was working me exclusively with her mouth. This was amazing and I felt I could go on like this forever. When Mark starting pounding on her harder, Jessica stopped her own motion on my cock and simply pursed her lips on it. The movement of his thrusts translated into her mouth moving on my dick and for a long time the three of us were connected rhythmically.

At some time Mark stopped thrusting and pulled out. In what was almost a planned play, Jessica released my cock and turned around, offering her beautiful warm pussy to me. I grabbed her by the ass, stared at that spectacle for a second and then jabbed my manhood inside her in one long thrust. I held my position deep inside her for a while. Mark had positioned himself with the pillows lifting him up and Jessica took his cock in her mouth and started sucking him slowly. I started thrusting to this amazing sight and felt I was inside a porn movie. The smell that emanated from between our legs was intoxicating. We fucked like this for a few minutes and then Mark started to sit up. He then helped himself up and was now standing in the bed. Jessica had followed his ascent trying to keep her head level to his dick and this prompted her to arch back and all of us to get closer. By the end of this movement she was grabbing Mark to hold on while sucking his dick. I kept thrusting and I could hear her moans of pleasure louder and louder. In this new position her tits were bouncing nicely. I moved my hands up from her ass and cupped both breasts firmly. As I was now providing support for her, she let go of Mark and now grabbed his dick while sucking him. I think that he was about to come at one point and they both noticed because she stopped short and released him. She then turned her head towards me and I immediately leaned in to kiss her, tasting him once again in her mouth. This time I did this knowingly and strangely I was excited to find the flavor again.

When I opened my eyes after that kiss there was no sign of Mark. One minute he was standing there and now nothing. I looked down and saw two legs and a protruding dick lying down on the bed. He had his feet against the wall and was wiggling himself down the bed. Jessica was encouraging him "Yes baby, come on, suck my clit, suck my clit while he fucks me!" This was the sexiest thing I had ever seen. This guy was now sucking and licking his wife while someone else was fucking her, his head right there in the action. I could not believe what was happening but then again, I was incredibly excited. The first time I thought I felt something strange in my dick I dismissed it, the second I thought "Boy, he's close", the third I knew it had to be deliberate. I started doing longer and longer thrusts, pulling out more and more with each movement. Each time I did this my dick came in more and more contact with Mark's tongue. Jessica must've noticed this and in one of the motions she removed herself completely and dashed forward. My dick remained floating there just in front of Mark, who opened his mouth and took it in without hesitation. I started moving slowly and he accompanied my motions with his mouth. I was now fucking this guy's mouth and I am not ashamed to say I couldn't have been more excited. Jessica sat on the bed and didn't miss a second of it. She carelessly played with her husband's cock while he sucked on mine.

Eventually Mark took my dick out of his mouth and sat. He kissed Jessica passionately and I think I saw her lips word a "thank you" without making a sound. Jessica beckoned me to come closer and spread her legs saying "Come on baby, get back to fucking me". I climbed on top of her and started doing it missionary style. I was mesmerized by how her breasts moved and started sucking them, quickly switching from one to the other. While I was sucking her right breast, I started hearing slurping sounds once more. I looked up and she was again sucking on Mark's cock, now much closer to me than before. She interrupted her sucking to kiss me, and then went back. She did this a few times clearly drawing me closer. With her intentions clear as day, I was confronted with this big decision, and not much time to make it either. A million thoughts passed through my head as I pumped my dick into this incredible woman who wanted me to suck her husband's cock now only inches away. Do I want this? I had enjoyed everything so far, more than enjoyed; this had been the greatest sexual experience of my life. I realized everything leading to this moment had been filled with little tests to see how I was going to take the next step. I was but a piece in this couple's intricate chess game and we were approaching a crucial move.

When Jessica interrupted her sucking to kiss me next, I leaned in before she did and we did kiss, but this time the kiss was intertwined with Mark's dick and I gently kissed the head. My mind was now racing faster than ever, feelings were overwhelmingly good and I was past the point of no return. I opened my mouth welcomingly and Mark took his cue and moved forward. The taste I had sampled in Jessica's mouth was there, strong and clear. I liked it. I flicked my tongue around and started bobbing my head back and forth. Jessica's mouth had been working with me but as I got more comfortable she withdrew. I was now sucking my first cock with gusto and I even realized I had stopped moving my hips. I was inside Jessica, hard but motionless and my entire attention was on this nice dick in my mouth, pressing tight and enjoying the firmness, the warmth. I finally moved it out and she was looking at me with those eyes. We kissed fiercely and I started moving again. We resumed our fucking and Mark alternated offering his cock between the two of us. We kissed, sucked and licked his dick together.

My world was upside down, I was in a sexual high without precedent. Mark stepped slightly back, Jessica and I kissed again and when we broke it off she said:

"Honey, I think he's ready."

I wondered what that meant and as she said the words my mind escaped my body...

"Baby, you want to get fucked?"

I was now observing the scene from outside and I could hardly recognize the voice that I heard:

"Yes," this stranger's voice whispered. "Yes," it said a second time with more conviction.

Jessica kissed me again and I felt movement to my right. Mark had picked up something and was now behind me. He squirted what was obviously some lube into his hand and I felt something cold in my ass. He started caressing my ass as I kept fucking Jessica. His touches wondered more and more towards the center and it felt really good. A more forceful hand in my butt signaled me to remain still.

"Be calm baby, you're going to love it, trust me," she said.

Then suddenly I felt the weight of Mark's cock in my cheek. It sloppily slid towards the crack and sat there shortly. He then applied a little pressure and I felt it nestling in my virgin hole. The first feeling was pleasurable. As he applied more and more force I started to feel a heat, a burning sensation that was a bit discouraging.

"Easy honey," Jessica said, no doubt reading my expression. She cradled my head in her breasts and stroked the back of my head.
