 Samantha Fairchild was a 22 year old beauty who had briefly considered going into the lucrative world of high fashion as a model but decided that it would be more satisfying to carve out a career in journalism and so was now one of many editors at World Magazine trying to climb the ladder of success. 

She had recently graduated with honors from the University of Pennsylvania and was living in a studio apartment in the Village. Her parents had died in an auto accident when she was in her sophomore year in college. It was Friday evening and she had just left her office to meet her best friend, Alice, who had insisted that she come to a party that her real estate company was having at the Waldorf mainly because many of the city's wealthiest moguls were going to be there and she wanted her to be seen and to mingle with them as she was sure some handsome bachelor would become interested in her.

She met Alice in the lobby and they went into the Grand Ballroom where most of the guests were already assembled. Alice noted that a number of the men turned their attention towards them as soon as they entered the room since both were very attractive.

"By the way, is John going to be here?" Sam asked her friend.

"No, he's working late tonight and I told him I'd see him at home later." she answered.

Alice led her over to a group of men and women who were sipping drinks and talking in a corner of the room.

"Ah, here comes my able assistant, Alice. Glad you could make it my dear and who might this beautiful young lady be?" a distinguished looking silver haired gentleman said as they approached.

"Mr. Johnston, I'd like you to meet my very best friend, Samantha Fairchild. Sam, this is my boss, the senior editor of World Magazine and the best boss anyone could have." 

"Sam, please call me Walt. Mr. Johnston sounds like an old dodder." he told her. 

Then he introduced both of them to the group and a waiter brought them drinks. One of the men in the group had never taken his eyes off her from the moment they arrived and was introduced to her as William Forsythe. He was tall and very good looking and she assumed he was in his late 20's. When they were called to dinner, she was delighted to find out that he was at her table since it seems that whole group was at the table, including Alice.

As they approached the table, Mr. Forsythe asked if he could sit next to her as he wanted to get to know her better and she nodded her approval. For the next hour or so, except for a few interruptions from someone at the table, she was completely captivated by Forsythe who practically told her his life history. He was not only very good looking but he had a fabulous personality and terrific sense of humor which she loved.

By the time dinner was over, she felt as though she had known him for years and, it seemed to her, that he felt the same way. He told her that he was single and came from an old line, blue blood family with interests in oil and railroads. By the time coffee and dessert were served he asked about her life and she told him of her very middle class upbringing and background in a small town on Long Island.

An orchestra came in and set up on the bandstand while they were finishing dinner and he asked her to dance. It was a slow foxtrot and he held her close as they moved to the music. She had never experienced anything like the feelings she was getting when he put his arm around her and pressed his body against hers. She felt flushed with excitement and the motions of his body against hers was arousing to say the least.

After another couple of hours of drinking, dancing and conversation, Alice came over and said goodnight as she was heading home. Sam told her that she was about ready to call it a night also as she was pretty tired and William offered to take them both home since his car was waiting downstairs. They took him up on the offer and they said their goodbyes to Johnston and the others and headed downstairs.

Since Alice lived uptown, he decided to drop her off first and then head downtown to the Village. After dropping her off, they continued finding out more about each other and the drive downtown seemed to pass very quickly. He asked if he could come up for a nightcap but she told him that she was quite tired and wanted to go right to sleep so he asked if he could call her tomorrow and perhaps take her to dinner tomorrow night.

She told him that she was going to get together with Alice and her husband for dinner and he asked if it was possible that he join them as her date. She told him that she would check with them tomorrow and he told her that he would call her in early afternoon to find out if they had a date or not. As she turned to get out of the car, he touched her arm and when she turned her head, he brushed his lips against hers in a goodnight kiss which sent chills down her spine and into her crotch. She felt lightheaded all the way up to her apartment and couldn't get him out of her mind until she finally drifted off to sleep.

She was getting dressed, around 11:15 in the morning, to go out and do her usual Saturday afternoon chores when the phone rang.

"What time should I pick you up tonight?" William said confidently.

She had thought about it before going to sleep last night and decided not to ask Alice and John anything but instead, she'd let them know that William was joining them tonight as her date as she was really looking forward to being with him again.

"How about 8 pm?" she answered with a smile in her voice. "We're going to meet them at Franco's on the upper East Side.

"Know the place well. Been there quite a few times myself." he told her. "I'll see you at 8 and am looking forward to it very much."

She told him she felt the same way and they said goodbye. All afternoon during shopping, all she could think about was William and all sorts of wild and interesting scenes crossed her mind as she realized how much she wanted him. The afternoon flew by and before she knew it she was dressed and waiting for him to arrive.

The phone rang at exactly 8 and William told her that he was waiting for her in front of the house. She told him she'd be right down and walked out the door as soon as she hung up the phone. His chauffer was standing by the car door as she exited her building and opened it for her. William was sitting in the back seat with a broad smile on his face as she sat down next to him.

"You look absolutely gorgeous!" he told her.

She thanked him and he gave Thomas, directions to Franco's and they headed uptown. His conversation was sparkling, witty and intelligent and she was almost sorry when they pulled up in front of the restaurant as she was enjoying it so much.

Franco met them at the door and she told him that they were meeting Alice and John so he showed them to their table where they were already seated and having drinks. She introduced William to John since Alice had already met him at the company party and they sat down and ordered drinks. 

William and John got along beautifully and by the end of dinner, it was almost like they were old friends. They had after dinner drinks and a few cups of coffee and about midnight, Alice announced that they had to head home and get some sleep as they were getting up early and driving upstate in the morning to get together with family. William said that he would be glad to drop them off since he had his car waiting outside and John told him that they only lived about ten blocks away but since William insisted, they accepted.

They dropped them off in front of their building and headed downtown. When they arrived, Sam asked if he would like to come up for a nightcap.

"I was hoping you'd ask me. I'd love to." he said with a broad smile.

When they got upstairs, she told him that all she had was scotch and he told her that was fine as it was his favorite drink.

"On the rocks would be great." he told her.

They sipped their drinks and resumed their discussion about global warming when suddenly he put down his drink and took hers from her hand and put it down on the table. He slid over next to her and leaned forward and brushed his lips across hers and before they knew what had happened they were locked in a deep soul kiss and were totally lost in one another.

Sam had never experienced the sensations that coursed through her body as they kissed and when his hand found her breast and he rubbed her erect nipple through the fabric of her dress, she knew that she wanted him more than anything in the world.

He had his hand under her dress and was cupping her pussy and stimulating her clitoris as they sucked on each other's tongues. She put her hand on his crotch and felt the huge bulge of his manhood and she squeezed it a few times before fumbling for his zipper.

Then he broke their delicious kiss and stood up and started removing his clothes. Her eyes roamed all over his body as he revealed his magnificent physique and when he removed his boxers. Her eyes opened wide at the sight of his enormous penis which was fully erect and standing straight out looking her right in the eye.

She couldn't help but reach out to touch it and when her hand closed over the thick shaft, she felt fantastic sensations like electricity course through her body. She leaned forward and ran her tongue over the smooth head and then probed his deep slit before covering the entire crown with her lips and nursing on it with reverence as she held his huge, tight balls in her hands.

He let her suck it for some time before he pulled it from her lips and asked her to stand up. He started removing her clothes and as he exposed each part of her body, he kissed it softly. When she was naked, he bent down and took her erect nipple into his mouth and sucked it as he tweaked the other one and she felt like she was in another world.

He had her lay down on the couch and proceeded to lick her body from her full, tight breasts down to her crotch. He ran his tongue down her slit and between her labia into her already sopping wet hole. He licked her crotch from her clit to her anus and pulled on her labia lips with his as he rubbed her nipples between his fingers.

She gave herself to him completely. She had never experienced anything like this and never wanted it to end. He was sucking on her clit hood and coaxing her little organ, which was slowly peeking out and hard as could be, by running the tip of his tongue back and forth over the tiny head. She cried out in orgasm and held his head tightly to her cunt as she released her juices and her body shook in spasms that she never knew existed. 

He kept sucking her until she calmed down and then pulled his mouth from her cunt and came up and looked long and deep into her eyes before putting his mouth over hers. She tasted her juices on his lips and tongue and it excited her more than ever before. As they kissed he brushed his organ against her slit and found her opening and thrust it inside. She gasped as the huge penis filled her passage and thrust her body against his to capture more of the fabulous sensations it was giving her.

He broke their kiss to lean down and suck her nipples while continuing to stroke in and out of her wet pussy. She was completely lost in passion as his thickness took her to heights she had only dreamed about. Before she knew it, she cried out again and held him tightly to her body as she experienced another mind blowing orgasm and wet his cock with her juices. 

He waited until she was relaxed again before continuing his deep strokes and it wasn't long before she was moaning again and meeting his every thrust with her body. He was looking into her eyes as he thrust his organ into her and, at that moment, she knew that she wanted this man more than life itself. He was moving his wonderful penis and touching all parts of her insides and driving her wild with ecsrasy.

She came again and wrapped her legs around his waist to keep him inside her as she never wanted him to stop fucking her. He obliged her and kept stroking into her as she experienced two more wonderful orgasms and couldn't believe that he could fuck her for so long without cumming.

As if in answer to her query, he raised himself up on his arms and looked deeply into her eyes as he told her that he was going to cum now. He drove his organ deep inside her and she screamed in pleasure as she felt his hot juices splash against her cervix in spurt after wonderful spurt which brought on another orgasm from her as his cum filled her cunt. As his last spasm ended, he collapsed on top of her and they kissed deeply and held each other close while his penis kept jerking inside her body.

She didn't want him to take it out and they stayed locked in each other's arms as they talked about what they had both just experienced. She asked if he could stay the night and in answer he reached over and took his cell phone out of his jacket.

"Thomas, you can go home as I'll be staying here tonight. I'll call you late in the morning and let you know when to pick me up. Goodnight."

He put the phone down and kissed her.

"So you like my cock, I gather." he said.

She told him that she really didn't like it at all but was a masochist. 

"But don't you dare take it out of me all night!" she ordered.

He smiled and told her that he loves it inside her also but that occasionally he would like to remove it so that he could go down and taste her delicious juices also and she agreed as she told him how much she had enjoyed sucking his organ and was looking forward to tasting him again.

They spent the rest of the night fucking and sucking each other and didn't really fall asleep in exhaustion until four or five in the morning. Sam awoke with the sun shining in her eyes and looked at the clock and saw that it was after 12. William was still asleep and she looked at his magnificent body as he slept.

Her eyes were drawn to his beautiful penis which was resting on his thigh and looked so suckable that she decided to take it in her mouth and wake him that way. She licked the shaft from the base to the tip and then took the head in her mouth and started lovingly nursing on it. He stirred and opened his eyes and moaned as he realized what she was doing.

She looked up at him as she nursed on his cock and felt it growing in her mouth. She loved the feeling and was moaning along with him as she sucked the huge head which was now fully erect. He asked her to swing around as he wanted some breakfast also and when she lowered her cunt to his mouth, she became totally lost in pleasure. 

He sucked her to three orgasms before his penis erupted and fed her his cum which she found absolutely delicious. She swallowed each load as it shot into her mouth and when his spasms ended, squeezed it from the base to the crown to get the last tasty drop. Then she got off him and swung around as he held out his arms to her and they kissed each other good morning.

"I'm going to make you a fabulous breakfast so you can regain your strength as I want you to stay and fuck me all day today." she told him.

"Well, I have quite a few important appointments today.....but I'll cancel them since I want my penis inside every one of your openings all day so get started on that breakfast as I'm starved!"

They stayed nude and as she made breakfast, he came up behind her and pressed his rising organ between her ass cheeks.

"Have you ever had a cock in your ass?" he asked,

She told him that once in college a guy had clumsily tried but didn't succeed and that was the only time. He told her that after breakfast he was going to show her how good it can be. She smiled at him and told him that she just knew it was going to be wonderful since she loved anything and everything he did to her.

After breakfast, he helped her clean up the kitchen as each of them played with each other from time to time and primed themselves for more action. They relaxed a while and talked over coffee and he asked her if she had ever had sex with a woman. She told him that she and her roommate at college had sex almost every day and for a while she thought she was in love with her.

"After graduation, she went back home to California and I haven't had a woman since. Why are you asking that?"

He told her that he loved watching two women having sex since he found it a terrific turn on.

"Have you ever had sex with a man?" she asked.

"I enjoy sex period! Whether it's with a man or woman, makes no difference to me." he answered.

She looked at him with surprise and he quickly added,

"However, sex with you is really something special and I consider that a level above anything else."

She realized that it didn't seem to matter to her as she wanted this man more than anything else in the world and if he enjoyed man sex once in a while, she could go along with it as long as he considered sex with her as something special.

"Right now, let's go back to bed as I have something that I want you to experience!" he said.

He told her to lay down on her stomach and inserted a pillow underneath her and lay down on top of her and slipped his semi erect penis between her thighs.

"I want you to feel my penis get hard as I'm going to fill your sweet anus with it as soon as it does."

Then he started kissing her neck and nibbling on her ears and she felt his organ getting larger and larger between her thighs and she let him take her up on another beautiful high as he always did whenever he started making love to her. When his penis was fully erect, he got off her and told her to get on her knees and raise her ass as high as she could.

As she did so, she felt his tongue enter her anus as he slid it in and out of her puckered hole to ready her for his invasion. She loved the feelings he was giving her as his tongue worked its way in her rear entrance and when she was thoroughly lubricated, he pulled his face away and probed her anus with the head of his cock and then pushed the crown inside to her gasps and groans.

He moved just the head around to get her used to a cock inside her anus and when she started to respond by pushing back for more, he started feeding more inside slowly and waited for her to continue responding before he fed more in. She was a little apprehensive when he first thrust his cock head into her but after a few moments she got used to it and it started to feel really good.

She loved the feeling of his huge, thick member filling her ass and she started to push back to get more. He grasped her by her hips and began stroking into her like he was fucking her cunt and she groaned and gasped in ecstasy. At one point, she turned her head and told him that she loved this almost as much as being cunt fucked and he smiled and told her that now she had a choice of holes to be filled and he would be happy to use whichever she wanted.

He told her to try and contract her anus around his shaft and milk his cock as he fucked her. He told her that he was losing himself in the pleasures that her ass was giving him and was going to shoot his load very soon now. She started contracting around his penis and was also lost in pleasure when suddenly she felt his penis jerk and then start shooting jets of hot cum inside her ass. She cried out in joy and went into orgasm also and they both came together.

William kept his organ deep inside her ass until long after they both returned to earth and when he started to withdraw it, she groaned as it felt so good she wanted it to stay there forever. She rolled over on her back and he moved into her open arms and they kissed long and fervently. When they finally came up for air, she looked into his eyes and told him that she didn't want him to leave as she had to have his cock all the time.

He smiled and told her that he feels the same way and that maybe soon they'll do something about that. She wasn't sure what he meant by that but it sounded wonderful and she bounded out of bed with her breasts bouncing and asked him if he wanted something to drink.
