 She was frightened. Tracy was most definitely very scared of her present situation. Not that she felt that she didn't have the ability to handle this. She just never done this before. The driving she can do. The shifting of gears is second nature to her now. It should be. She been a trucker for almost 5 years. She had been well train in the arts of over the road, long hauling. She was not however well versed in driving an 18 wheeler through the Rocky Mountains while a major blizzard was going on. 

This was the turmoil she found herself in. Every curve she made, no matter how slow she was going, and yes she was going very slow, she thought she was about to slide off of the non barricaded road. She was concerned for the safety of the drivers behind her. Especially, since she couldn't see them. She gave grace for the vehicle in front of her, using it as kind of a guide. She just wished that they were at least another car length further then she was. Air brakes are good, they are just not made to stop on a dime. Especially not with nearly 20 tons of weight pushing the cab over icy, curvy roads. She gave a mild thought to just turning the truck around and going back down. But she realized if she's having problems getting up the mountain, how much more trouble will she have going back down those same steep roads?

Why on earth was she so hog tied on taking this route? Why didn't she listen to her dispatcher when he warned her about the storm..."I don't want to give you this route during the Winter, because it really is a dangerous drive for someone who is not use to it. when Spring or Summer comes along, and you want to take it--I will try to give it to you then."

"Well Bob," she replied, "I know that you are concerned about my safety, and I appreciate it. But the only way I am going to gain experience with things, is by actually experiencing doing things."

"Good point Trace. Ok, you can take the route. But for some reason I have a feeling that you are not wanting to do this drive because you want the adventure of the whole thing. I have a feeling you are actually trying to run away from something. Is there a problem at home?"

Tracy held back a sudden wanting to cry. "No. I am not having any problems. At least none that I can't handle."

She lied of course. And because of that lie, here she was, exactly where she didn't want to be. Away from a man she loved with every fiber of her innermost being. Up until about three days ago, she thought he had the same exact sentiment of her. She thought he loved her. Only her. She thought he only had the desire to make love to no other woman but her. Only her. How? Why?? What made him make such an ungodly, unethical request of her? 

"Tracy," Dino began, "...you are just one hot fantastic lover for me to have all to myself! Would you be interested in possibly, maybe having some other folks join us in...our bed?"

"Uhhhhhh, Honey? WHAT exactly are you talking about here?"

UUUUUUUUUUURRRRRRRRRRRKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK

"Damn Tracy!!!" She yelled at herself. "Stop thinking--and keep your stupid eyes on the road!!!" That was as close as she possibly came to ever having an accident. She needs to get off of the road. Now. The next exit is only a mile away. She will take it. She will find a hotel. and she will quit for the evening. It is only 2 pm in the afternoon. Her delivery will be late. Fuck it! She is not risking her life, or anyone else's life for that matter.

She started to feel a little less tension as she approached the exit. The driver of the van in front of her appeared to have given up the fight too. Or maybe the driver was just going to make sure she was ok. She was suddenly attacked with the idea that she very nearly killed all of those passenger because of her distractions. No. He kept driving. driving right to the same place she was driving. The hotel off of the ramp. A very small hotel, with a very full looking parking lot. The sudden fear of this hotel being the only one in this area, and being very full, even at this early afternoon time was now her anguish. She can't get back on the highway, and she knows it. She have to get a room. 

The van pulled up in front of the door. That was a luxury she could not do. That stupid overhead was too short for what she had as an over head. This hotel will be full. She knows it will. She always had the "room" behind her seat, and she was settled on using that. All she needed to do was ask the desk clerk if she can borrow some extra blankets. She was willing to pay for the renting of them. She knew there was a need. A need she was about to fight the gushing 70 mph winds to fulfill. 

"Honey...", she suddenly listened to the pleading voice of Dino, the man who insisted he loves her. "...I didn't make that request because I don't love you anymore, or because I don't need you anymore. I just... I don't know, I guess I just wanted to see if we can possibly enhance our sex life by trying a new avenue?"

Tracy screamed. But before she fell completely flat down on her face, she felt a hand grab her, and then another. She followed with her eyes to the wrist that connects those hands, then the arms, the neck, the face. She was staring into the eyes of a man with a rather kind face. A most concerned face.

"Be careful little lady", the man spoke. "The sidewalks are just as slippery as the roads you just drove that truck on."

Again, Tracy realized her thoughts have distracted her. Again she could have been hurt because her thoughts of something she doesn't even want to think about, or deal with, distracted her. "Th.. thank...you", she shivered a response. The man both firmly and gently helped her back to her feet. He checked to make sure she was ok. She found herself smiling at the fact that he was DEFINITELY ok. Very much ok. 

"I have seen the way you have looked at other men! I know you have a real lusting for other men!!!"

"Shut the hell up, Dino!!!", she exasperated.

"Excuse me?!!" The man shockingly inquired.

"Oh my gosh!!! I am so sorry!!!! That was not aimed at you. I am sorry. My mind is elsewhere."

He laughed a very sly, confused, soft laugh. "Don't fret it, Hon! I know my name isn't Dino!!"

She couldn't help but muttered a chuckle. As she continue to fight to get her balance, a very disgruntled man came bursting out of the hotel. "Damn it!!!" he yelled. "If you people are planning to stay here, you can forget about it. there are no more vacancies!!!" The man whimpered another cuss word or two as he fought his way back to his vehicle.

"Welll," Tracy's new knight responded. "It is a good thing my wife made reservations for 2 rooms!!!" He help push Tracy into the hotel Lobby. "Hopefully they have not been given away."

"If you put them on a credit card to hold, the hotels can not give those rooms away until past 6 pm" she informed him. She approached the desk first. He checked her out from behind. He liked what he saw.

"Can I help you?" the man behind the desk requested. "I do have to let you know that unless you two already have rooms reserved, we have no vacancies. This blizzard filled us up an hour ago."

"Well, my friend here says he has a reservations, but I don't. However I am a trucker and I have my little room in my cab. All I need from you is some extra blankets, please?"

"LAAADEEEEE, I cant just give you hotel blankets and let you walk out of the hotel with them??? You could drive off with them!!!"

"But sir, because of this storm, I really have no other choice. I am willing even to pay the price of a room, and I insist I will return them before I leave tomorrow!!"

Her new friend nudged her, causing her to turn and face him. "Hey guy," talking to the clerk, "I do have a reservation for Miller." He handed the clerk his credit card, and turned his attention to Tracy. "There is absolutely no way you can stay inside of that truck even if you did have extra blankets!!! You can stay in the room with my wife and our friends."

"Now wait a minute, uhh..uhhhhh...I am sorry, but I didn't get your name?"

"Richard. But my friends all call me Dick."

Tracy nearly choked on her tongue. Dick was not something she wanted to be thinking of. She haven't had any dick in 4 days, and she just had a sudden vision of her man Dino's beautiful cock meat. She missed it. "Richard...," she stuttered, "I really appreciate the offer, but I will be fine in my cab. I can keep it heated all night. I really don't want to intrude on your privacy."

"Nonsense!!! I am getting 2 rooms for 4 couples, all of us who are great friends, and are always open to making new friends. We can get a roll away bed as an extra bed for you. And if you do not accept my offer, I will get a knife and knife all 18 of your wheels while you are sleeping, and then you will have to change them all in the morning when this storm blows over."

Tracy found herself admiring and being amuse by this man's humor. "Ok," she finally gave in. "But I insist I pay for my part of the bill."

"Fair enough"

When their business at the desk was done , Dick turned around to find that his wife and their friends were all already in the lobby, with their various suitcases. His wife Tonya walked up to him, and gave him a peck on the cheek. "I always know I can never leave you alone. 10 minutes, and you already have a new Girlfriend!" she laughed.

A nervous Tracy caught her eyes. Gosh she hope she meant that in the most poking fun at way. "Well, I am not a girlfriend of his," she offered, "just some form of humanity Richard thought he had to save."

The lobby was filled with a roaring laughter. And yes, even Tracy laughed. That felt good to do. Richard introduced his wife and their friends. There was Joey and Karen, Mitch and Regina, and Sammy, and Samantha! Tracy, like so many other people who have met Sammy and Samantha, thought that was a cute combination. "Well, you folks have your stuff here, I have to go get mine."

"Let me help you, since I didn't help my own friends here!" Dick suggested. Tracy was kind of glad he was out there with her. She appreciated using his strong built to fight the winds. "I am so very happy to have your and only your body to be my lover. Dino." "Urrgggggg--"

"Are you ok?" Dick asked.

"Yeah, I am just distracted with a problem I really do not want to be thinking about right now!" She opened her truck and grabbed her overnight bag and a pillow. Then she grabbed her cell phone, and checked the miss calls. She knows it ranged quite a few times while she was driving. "Oh geeze, 16 missed calls!!!"

"Wow! You must be a popular lady!!! Lots of people checking up on you?"

She looked. 2 calls from Bob. 14 calls from Dino. "Yeah" she whimpered. "People checking up on me."

She made a call to Bob, to let him know what was going on. Bob was glad of her decision to get off the road, and let her know that the company she was delivering to already suspected that the delivery wasn't going to be there that day. A call to Dino will have to wait. That call have to be made in private, and this? This was not private. Tracy was pleasantly surprise when her new friends already presented food and drinks that they have carried for their travels. Yes these people were good friends. Over the next couple of hours as they shared the meal, and the drinks they also shared about the various places they have all gone to together. She found herself enjoying the comradely of these folks. And yet at the same time she felt a little uncomfortable about seeing how each of the couples were playfully touching each other. Tracy also shared some stories of her travels, and confessed that while she have driven in major storms before, this was actually the first blizzard she have traveled through. She noticed the general good natures these fellas had with their wives, and with each other wives. She passed that off as them being together through thick and thin, and they all had the type of friendship that they can say anything to each other.

"Well folks, I know that you don't have a schedule to follow, but I do. I think I will want to take a shower, call my boyfriend, and turn myself in for the evening."

"Would there be room for one more in that shower?" Sammy laughingly asked.

"When I am out of there, there will be room for one more!" she responded. They all laughed.

The shower was a most invigorating shower if there ever was one. Every muscle of her naked body was being pulsated with a very nice hot steaming water. She was well aware of how how long it been since another set of hand was washing her tits just the way she is right now. Slowly. Thoughtfully. She moved the soap down her stomach, guiding it towards her pussy. She reached her clit and felt a sensation. "You mean to tell me," again the boldness of Dino's voice invaded her, "...You have never thought of sucking a dick and being fucked at the same time by another cock?" She dropped the soap. that was it. She is going to call Dino. Now. She will tell him if he rather screw 100 women at the same time, instead of screwing her alone, then he needs a new place to live. And she means that. She will not live another moment where he is distracting her in the way he has the past 48 hours. She slipped into a pair of shorts and an overly large t-shirt. Shirt. She exited the bathroom and began heading for the phone. A noise stopped her. Several noises stopped her actually. Was that moaning? Was that an "ahhh" she heard? Was it coming from the other room?

Her instinct told her to leave that door alone. She will only be inviting herself into trouble if she touched that door. "Mmmmmmm, Sammy, you have such a talented wife here!!!" That was Mitch's voice!!! What was Samantha talented in that made Mitch make that statement? No, she really doesn't want to know. That was what her instinct voice told her. She had another voice though. A voice of curiosity. A voice that pretty much knew what was going on in the other room, and a voice that wanted to see it going on. "You will never be able to gain any experience in things and less you experience doing things." That was her mother's favorite saying. For a brief second she allowed herself the thought of whether or not her mother's idea of experiencing things, also meant experiencing what was going on in the next room. No freaking way!!!

An almost out of body experience was taking place within Tracy's very soul at this moment. She wanted to see. She didn't even believe she wanted to see. She can't give into this. This was not something she should be interested in. She told herself that as she took a step toward the door. No, she won't go in there. She took another step. Another loud groan to be heard by everyone in the hotel she thought. See? Someone in pain!!! 

"Ohhh yeeesss!!!" One of the female squealed.

She reached the door, and peeked in. She seen. She saw it all. 8 people. 3 on one bed, 5 on the other. All fully naked. All doing things. She saw Samantha and Regina both paying attention to Mitch's cock with their mouths. And Mitch was not in pain. No he was not in any pain at all. Her eyes went to the other bed. The bed where Richard head was in between Karen's legs, with Karen's head was in between Tonya's legs, and where Tonya was holding a good looking cock of Joey in one hand, and her head was bobbing up and down on Sammy's provisions. She saw. She felt that very familiar fire from with in her belly. She felt her moistness build. She felt the t shirt very sensitively against her nipples. Her moan was impossible not to be heard. They all heard it. All 8 of them. They noticed her by the door. And they all were aware of her perplexed reaction. 

Mitch was the first to approach the stun woman. "I guess we didn't fully convey how 'good' of friends we are with each other! Uhmm look, if this is offensive to you..."

Tonya approached next, "Honey, are you ok?" Tonya voice inquired.

..."uhhh, I am so sorry I barged in. I just heard a noise, and I thought someone was hurt...and I.."

A laugh started through the room. "Oh, none of us are hurting!!!" Dick inserted.

Even Tracy laugh at that one. "I guess I can see that, along with everything else I can see here!!!"

"Care to have some fun with us then?" Samantha questioned with a smile, noticing the form perking out underneath the t-shirt.

"Would you be interested in possibly having some other folks in our bed....would you be interested in possibly...." Dino's request silently continue to echo in her head. 

"Tracy?" Dick interrupted her thoughts. "Honey, is this too much for you? You appear shock."

She look at Dick. Right in front of her within reach stood a very beautiful, naked, abs perfected man. A man whose semi hard cock forced her eyes to be fixed on. "I...m...that is I....jus..." She looked at Tonya. Out side her mother and two sisters, she have never seen another naked woman before. At least not this naked. She for some reason was not finding the view to her disliking. "I am sorry...I just don't know...wh.." Her eyes did a circular view around the room. 4 men. She have only seen 2 men naked in her entire life. Right here was 2 times that. Why does she feel like her mouth is foaming? "...I just don't know what to say about this."

"Well, honey," Regina volunteered. "How about you don't say anything...", she reached for Tracy's right hand and gently tugged it towards Dick's dick,"...and you just do what comes naturally?"

What comes naturally? What came naturally was Tracy's hand beginning a grip around a stiffening as she grabs the cock. She will stop it right here. She have to stop it right here. This is not the type of person she is. Ohhh, but does that feels soooo nice in her hand? A sigh. A slight whimper. A tighter grip enfolds. A tug. Yes, she wants to be a part of this.

"Tracy," Dick intruded, "...we would understand if this is not for you. There is no pressure here."

"Rich...Di-ck...I am....actually feeling...rather turned on by this scene." She looked at Joey's manhood, reached for it, gripped it, and a very inviting smile possessed her face, "...and I think I might like to join you?"

"You think you might like to join us, huh?" Regina smiled. She reached for Tracy's t shirt and began to tug it off. "How about letting us give you such wonderful pleasures that you will be so very glad you did join us?"

Tracy allowed the shirt to come off her body. She have never, ever in her life stood bare breasted in front of this many people before. Some how, however, she didn't really feel like she was naked. "Oh, I could sure use a host of pleasures right about now!!!" She again reached out to grab Joey's cock, and she smiled a satisfied smile when it was in her right hand. Tonya moved next to Tracy. Tonya guided her mouth to Tracy's left nipple. A woman. A woman was tasting her skin. This should not be happening. Regina followed suit by taking Tracy's right nipple into her mouth. Oh this felt good. This has to stop. Tracy can not allow herself to get involved with this. When Mitch put his dick in Tracy's other hand, she knew it will not stop. She will not let this stop.

Dick went behind Tracy, and he began to force Tracy's shorts down to the floor. He reached underneath her to find a very well appreciatively wet snatch happy to be felt. Breathing suddenly became an art form to Tracy. She had a cock in each of her hand, wet talented tongues and mouth on each of her nipples, and at least two fingers that knew where to do the walking in her pussy. She shook. She trembled. She moaned a moan of serious contentment.

"Let's put her on one of the bed, before her knees buckle out from underneath her" Karen suggested. 

It was a good idea, for they all saw the shivering of their very newest friend. Sammy was the one who picked her up. Sammy who had the hairiest chest of all 4 of the men there. That was good. Tracy loves a man with a hairy chest. Dino has a nice hairy chest. But...but she wasn't with Dino now, was she. No. She was with Richard and Tonya, Joey and Karen, Mitch and Regina, and Sammy and Samantha. 8 people she have only met 5 hours before on a pure fluke. What the heck was she doing here? She was indeed doing something she didn't know she wanted to experience. Sammy laid her on the bed. As Sammy Stood up, his cock was pointed right at Tracy's saliva filled mouth. She saw the precum oozing. She needed a taste. She reached for Sammy's cock, and she tugged. Sammy knew right where she wanted that dick of his, and he was only so happy to offer the guidance. Tracy, no longer filled with any thoughts of stopping, allow her mouth to welcome the new company to it. The tongue was the first greeter. Flicking up, flicking down. Savoring the very first taste of the saltiness of the precum. The teeth then offer it's greeting as Sammy slide his mushroom pass the lips. The throat threw it's own welcome party, enveloping and relishing the veins.
