 The adult theater had several small theater rooms. I chose the one marked four. I opened the door and walked into the dimly lit room. Instantly my eyes noticed a commotion on one of the couches.

As my eyes began to focus, I stopped dead in my tracks. My mind began racing. Was that a small, white pony on the couch? Did the pony have a golden, flowing mane? A short white tail? WTF? 

After a more few seconds, I realized that the 'white pony' was a very large, white female on all fours, on a couch. Her head was bobbing up and down on a fat cock, while a man was standing behind her energetically moving his hips back and forth.

As my eyes continued to focus, I could see that the large female was quite attractive, I guessed she was about 30 years old, had shoulder length blonde hair, pert breasts, and a fairly large, round ass. No, she wasn't a husker, just big. She must have been at least 6' tall and around 180 pounds. 

Curious, I decided had to get a better look. I walked up to the man who was fucking her from behind. As I approached him, I noticed several men sitting on couches and chairs watching the action. Only a couple of men were fisting their cocks.

When the man fucking her noticed me, he smiled, and asked me if wanted to fuck her ass. I looked down and saw his cock moving in and out of her greased, pink asshole. Before I could respond, the man told me: he was her husband, he brought her here once a month, she liked to be gangbanged, and she liked to do it in public. 

Then to my surprise he slapped her right buttock smartly (leaving a red mark), withdrew his stiff cock, and strongly encouraged me fuck her ass. Not known for turning down a nice looking, firm, ample ass, I pulled out my semi-erect cock. 

There was no time for any foreplay. I simply placed my cock between her greased butt cheeks and slide it up and down. When it was rock hard, I slowly pushed my plump cockhead against her sphincter. It gave way quickly.

When her big, white ass began to swallow my thickening cock, she stopped sucking cock long enough to turn around and look at me for an instant. She had blue eyes and a pleasant looking face. Her (other) cheeks were ruddy in color.

As I began to thrust into her, I heard little moans. Motivated, I held her broad shoulders to keep her from moving and began to fuck her harder. The sound of my groin slapping her buttocks was music to my ears.

(Her husband stood by me the whole time. He also would intermittently slap her bouncing buttocks with his hand and then finger fuck her pussy.) 

Occasionally, I would stop, grab the base of my cock, and slowly twist it around in her rectum. I wanted to 'punish' her ass - make it grateful to have her hubby's cock lovingly stuffing it. I fucked her liked this for about 10 minutes before cumming hard in her ass.

After I pulled my wet cock out of her soupy ass, I continued to stand there. I looked around while her gaping asshole slowly closed. I saw the man she was sucking pull his cock out of her mouth. He jacked it for a moment before painting her face with his cum. 

The audience of men continued to sit and watch. No one else wanted to have sex with her. That was okay by me because I wanted more of her. 

Somewhat awkwardly, I crawled underneath her to get to her pussy. The good wife quickly sensed what I wanted to do and willingly straddled my face. 

Perhaps to encourage my oral thoughts even more, she pulled her head down to my cock and began daintily licking any remaining cum and her ass juice off it. I reciprocated by smooching and licking her very wet and sticky clit and pussy. 

My sperm had dribbled out of her asshole onto her pussy, clit, and upper thighs. I unhesitatingly swallowed our combined juices. 

As her body began to stir, I reached up and pushed two of my fingers into her rectum. Feeling the thin membrane between her rectum and pussy reenergized my cock. 

Soon, my finger fucking and enthusiastic licking evoked loud moans out of the big, blonde wife. Within minutes, she gasped and began bucking wildly against my fingers. Her abdomen smashed into my face as her orgasm reached a crescendo.

Almost immediately afterwards, I saw two very large black men walked into the room. I crooked my head and watched upside down, as the two black men extended their hands to the husband. Their hands were twice the size as mine. 

Not wanting to be the odd man out, I was thinking of extracting myself from underneath the wife; however, when she went back to working my cock with her mouth, I stayed put. 

Soon, one black guy walked to her front. The other walked up behind her and unzipped. His semi-erect cock was at least 1-2 inches larger than mine and it was coke bottle thick.

Black cock in-hand, he guided it to her pink pussy. His large cockhead pushed her pussy lips wide open as he entered her a couple of inches. He paused a moment before slowly forcing his shaft into her pussy, until his balls rested just above my forehead. The wife moaned out loud. Her clit, now in my mouth, became erect, again.

As the black man began to fuck her, I was thinking I would not want to be on the receiving end of a fuck from this man. He through his whole body into fucking her. I was sure she would feel that fuck for several days, but right now, her pussy loved it.

As his pace quickened, his large balls began bouncing off my forehead and my tongue would occasionally contact his thrusting shaft as I licked her clit. He either did not mind or did not notice. Who would with a pussy tightly wrapped around your cock?

It didn't take long for the big man to start making pre-orgasmic grunts the way he was slamming her pussy. With his hands on her hips, he began deeply pushing into her and pulling her pussy up and down his long, fat shaft. Her pussy was stretched so wide that I could easily see her pussy lips sliding in and out with the motion of his cock.

She came first, though, groaning loudly. Her pussy juices practically waterfalled onto my face. Then I saw his balls begin contracting as his engorged cock began to spew sperm into her pussy. Sperm ran down the base of his shaft as he continued to plunge in and out of her.

After he had completed cumming, he held steady for a moment, probably savoring their convulsing uterus. When he pulled out of her, long, thin strings of cum hung from his cock to her pussy. I caught some of them on my tongue.

My movement caused the black man to look down and at me. When he saw me licking my lips, he pushed his still swollen cock into my mouth. I greedily sucked his cock clean before he walked away. I savored the juices.

Wanting more, I cranked my neck up so I could suck-up the thick globs of his cum that dribbled from her hanging labia lips. I kept eating his sweet salty cum mixed with her sweet pussy juice, until I saw her abdomen tremor, again. 

I had completely forgotten about the second black man, until I felt his knee come to rest on the couch. I immediately looked up. He was stroking a massive cock. It was super thick and, although hard, it was pointing towards the carpet. I thought, 'how can a woman accommodate this monster into her belly!'

The second black man began to rub his bulbous cockhead up and down her slit, just inches away from my face. When he was ready, I saw for the second time a huge cock head spread her pussy lips to gain entry.

Any remaining cum juice form the first black man squeezed out as the second black man pushed his cock inside her. Apparently, this close-up was too much for me. I felt my cock begin to swell. The wife noticed, too, and sucked it into her mouth quickly, swallowing it to the base. I raised my hips to assist as much as possible. I knew I was going to cum. I closed my eyes and saw stars as my sperm jetted out.

After I had shot a couple of loads down her throat, she pulled her mouth back on my cock and jacked me. She made sure my second orgasm was complete. 

Meanwhile, the second black man couldn't keep his cock in her. It kept slipping out and pushing to the side of her inner thigh. I guess the wife and I were being too rowdy. Anyway, she reached around, grabbed my hand, and placed it on his cock, so that l could guide it into her pussy.

I was amazed at how large it felt in my hand. I held five inches of hard cock after I just slid four inches of it into her pussy! 

Despite her pussy being stretched to the max, the wife started fucking him like crazy - back and forth and up and down. When her pussy tired, she ground her pelvis into him. Her haunches were very strong.

When she finally stopped grinding, the black man really started to fuck her. His fat cock became a blur in and out of her pussy. He was not going to last long, either. 

In no time, his balls began to flex repeatedly as they emptied into the wife's pussy. It seemed to take him a couple of minutes before he finally stopped thrusting.

Her pussy must have awash with sperm. When he pulled his huge black cock out, I heard a loud, wet suction sound. I looked up to see his fresh cum bubbling and trickling out of her pussy. Lustfully, I drove my tongue into her pussy, licking and sucking the sperm out of it.

My face was now completely wet with black sperm and white pussy juice as I untangled myself from underneath her. I walked up to her and we kissed. We tasted each other's smeared faces.

The husband wanted to fuck her ass, but she declined his advances and got dressed. The show was over. I left before the couple did. The white pony was something else.