 As soon as I found out I was going to be going to Las Vegas for business, my dirty mind started search for what kind of fun I could have there. 

My flight left the east coast early Sunday morning and by early afternoon I was checked-in and settled into my room. The convention didn't start till the next morning so I was free till then. I had searched the internet and found a local swing club that had a pool party on Sunday nights and allowed in single guys. 

Just a quick bit about myself, at the time this happened, I was 43, married, but there was nothing going on at home, I'm talking 2 or 3 times a year if it was a good year. So I had been having outside fun on my own for a while, and being bisexual made it even easier for me.

The club opened at 5 on Sundays for a pool party, they kept it an early night, closing at mid-night. After my flight, I took a nap, woke, ordered room service, then took a long shower being sure to wash all the parts very clean and give my cock and balls a good shaving.

I dressed in only a shirt and shorts, and went down and took a cab over to the club. Once in, I gave my donation, and the lovely hostess dressed in a fishnet top gave me a tour around the club and showed me to the locker rooms. I thanked her for the tour and told her I hoped to see more of her later. I strip off my clothes and wrapped a towel around my waist, and headed into the club. It was still fairly empty and I spilt my time between walking around and sitting in the main room and people watching.

About a half hour later I was making a lap through the orgy room, on one of the mats was a woman on her back with 3 guys around her, she was sucking one of them ,one was sucking her tits and she was giving a hand job to the third. She was lying there legs spread wide open. I walk closer and dropped my towel. I touched her pussy with my fingers to check if she was willing. She looked up from the cock she was sucking and nodded at me. I took that as a green light. I pushed two fingers into her pussy and fingered her, as I did I felt her juices start to flow and coat my fingers. I kneeled down and started to lick her pussy and use her juices to lube my cock up as I stroked it. 

By now I was hard as steel and I stood up, rubbed my cock head up and down her slit and pushed it in. Her pussy pulled me in, she wasn't the tightest pussy I've ever fuck but she knew how to use it. As I was fucking her the guy she was blowing came in her mouth and the hand job guy took his place. After a while I was getting close to cumming, I wasn't sure where she wanted my load, I thought I'd pull out and spray on her, when she locked her legs behind my back and held me in. That answered my question as to where she wanted my load, and I pumped my load of cum deep into her pussy.

After shooting my first load of the night, I didn't bother putting my towel back on and headed over to the hot tub to relax and recover. When I got in there was one other guy in the hot tub and we sat on opposite sides, from what I could see under the bubbles her was wearing a bathing suit??? A few minutes later couple walks into the pool area, she is in a gold bikini, and him in a towel. They looked a little older than myself, she was Asian, short hair, and a tight fit body. He looked around 50 salt and pepper hair and in decent shape. They came to the hot tub, she got in in her bikini and he dropped his towel and was nude like me. They introduced themselves, as Robert and Kim we started talking and after a couple of minutes they focused the conversation towards me, I guess the other guy got the hint and politely left the tub. We sat talking for a while, a few times I felt Kim's feet against my legs, I wasn't sure if it was on purpose or not. 

By now I had been in the tub for a while and was feeling hot, I asked if they minded if I got out and sat on the rim. They said of course and I took the opportunity to move around to sit closer to Kim. Now that I was sitting on the rim of the tub, Kim could see my cock hanging between my legs. We kept up the conversation, but kept noticing Kim taking glances at my cock. A few minutes later Robert and Sue both had enough of the hot tub and rose to get out. They took a few step aside and had a very quick whispered conversation. Then Sue turned and walked out of the pool area. Robert came over to me and said that Kim had run to the ladies room, but that she really liked me and they were wondering if I would join them in a private room. 

I quickly agreed, while we waited for Kim to return, Robert told me he really enjoy watching Kim have sex with another guy and if I minded. I told him I didn't mind at all and was open to almost anything they would want to do. 

Kim returned from the ladies room, and somewhere between the two places removed the top of her bikini. She walked back through the crowd and came to us. Her tits were on the smaller side, but had no sag, and were capped with long dark nipples. She came over to us, and gave her husband a hug and kiss, fondling his cock as they did. He whispered something in her ear, I assume telling her I agreed to join them, and she then came over and kissed me the same way. My cock responded to her touch and hardened as she touched it. 

The kissing didn't last long, Kim took us both by the hands and led us towards the private rooms. We found an empty room. As soon as we were in and the door shut, Kim pulled me to the bed and Robert moved off to the side. Kim had be lay on the bed and got between my legs and started playing with my cock. Kissing and licking her way up and down my quickly hardening shaft and playing with my balls. While she was sucking me, Robert was talking to us "yeah suck him good" "take him in deep" "fuck my wife's mouth". 

Kim was a great cocksucker and knew all the tricks, including running her tongue to my ass. At first it was a light quick flick of her tongue, to see my reaction, when I moaned my approval, she worked my asshole with her tongue while pumping my cock with her hand. I didn't want to cum to quickly so I told her I wanted to tasted her now. We switched places and I crawled between her legs. She still had her bikini bottoms on. 

I untied the strings on the sides and quickly pulled them off now she was as nude as I was. She had a thin strip of hair above her pussy but the lips were hairless. I used my tongue on her pussy and clit. Her pussy was already wet and I lapped up her juices. I pushed two fingers into her pussy as I sucked her clit. Then I ran my tongue and did to her ass what she had done to mine. 

Robert had moved closer and was sitting on the bed next to Kim, he was watching me eating her pussy and ass, and still commenting now says "eat my wife's wet pussy" "lick her ass" "finger fuck her". It was partially comments and part instructions. I looked up and saw he was stroking his cock but not touching Kim at all. 

Kim was getting close to cumming, she grabbed my head and held it tight against her pussy as she came against my mouth. I drank her juices as they flowed from her pussy. As soon as she came, Robert said I want you to fuck her now. I moved up and was kneeling between her legs. Roberts handed me a condom her took from the bedside table. I rolled it on my hard cock. 

I stayed on my knees looking at Kim's wet pussy stroking my cock. I looked at Kim's face she had her eye's on my cock. For the first time since we were in the room Robert touched Kim. He reached down and stroked her pussy. "Look how wet she is for you. Fuck my wife's wet hot pussy" He held her lips open I moved my cock closer to her pussy and ran the head up and down between her lips while Robert held them open. My cock brush his finger, I didn't care and I didn't think he did either. "Put him in me please" moaned Kim. Robert slowly moved his hand from Kim's pussy and circled his fingers around my hard cock. He pulled me closed to his wife's pussy till the head of my cock was between her lips.

When there was no longer room for his hand on my shaft he gave me a last squeeze and then removed it and I pushed in further, till I buried my full length into her wet hot pussy. I started fucking her with slow long strokes. Pulling almost all the way out before thrusting my full length deep into her. Robert was still kneeling next to her, stroking his cock watching my cock plunge into his wife's pussy. I watched him stroking his cock. I leaned over to suck on Kim's hard nipples as I continued to fuck her. We change positions to her on top and I watch she lowered her pussy onto my hard shaft. Robert was still next to us jerking his cock, keeping pace with us. 

I was getting close to coming as Kim continued to ride me. I didn't want to waste my load into a condom, so I asked Kim where she wanted my load. "My mouth" was her answer. She climbed off my cock and got between my legs, she pulled off the condom, and I jerked my shaft as she sucked on the head of my cock. Then she slid a finger into my ass and that pushed me over the edge and I pumped my second load of the night into her mouth. She sucked all the cum from my cock swallowing it down. 

Seeing me cum in his wife's mouth pushed Robert to the edge and he announce he was about to cum, Kim pulled her mouth of my cock and took her husbands in her mouth just as he started to cum, mixing his load with mine in her mouth. After filling his wife's mouth with cum Robert leaned down and kissed her, I watched them share the mix of cum between their mouths. I sat up to watch closer, see this Kim came over and kissed me too, giving me the last of the cum she still had in her mouth. 

After we relaxed a few minutes we headed out of the room, to let the next people use it. At this point in the night none of us bothered to put on any clothes and just walked naked around the club. I took a quick rinse off in a shower then went back to the hot tub where I fooled around a little with an older brunette, playing with her tits and she stroking my cock some. 

By now it was almost 11, I had a very long day, and had to get up the next morning for work so I decided I had had a pretty good night, fucked two women, shot two loads. I would sleep well that night. I headed back to the lockers, on my way I went looking for Kim and Robert to say good-bye. I found them sitting in the lounge area, both still nude. They were sitting at a table alone having a drink and talking, when they saw me coming over they stood up and motioned me to come over. Kim gave me a hug and kiss and cupped my balls as she hugged me, and Robert shook my hand. I told them I had a lot of fun with them, and they agreed that they did too. I told them I was heading out, and had come by to say good-bye. Before we separated, Robert asked if I was free the next night and if I would want to join them in their hotel? I agreed. He walked me to my locker where I put his number into my cell phone, and there he gave me a naked "bro hug" that seemed to linger a few seconds longer than usual before we separated. I got dressed, and found a cab and headed back to my hotel. 

On the way I called Robert's cell so he would have my number and left a message, thanking them again and letting them know how much I was looking forward to tomorrow night. Back at the hotel, I stripped off my clothes and crawled into bed, falling asleep while gently stroking my cock, while watching soft core porn on TV and thinking of Kim and Robert and what will happen the next night.