 We touched down in Sin City and got off the plane...as we stepped out of the Airport we were greeted by a warm gust of wind - stifling to most, but, coming from New York we were quite happy to deal with the humid early evening conditions! 

"Fuck this, let's get a limo!" Aron said, seeing the long line of available limousines. I thought he wanted to have some fun inside, but as it turns out, he just wanted to stretch his legs and enjoy a nice drink as we watched the sun set over Vegas's glittering skyline. 

We soon arrived at The Venetian. What a thrill to be in a totally fantastical environment, we could do whatever we wanted to do, be whoever we wanted to be...I felt liberated! After settling our things I found Aron sitting on the bed, working the alarm clock (out of habit I suppose!)...I stood in front of him. He looked up and grinned sheepishly, realizing he was not on yet another business trip but a VA-CA-TION! He pulled me towards him and gave me a long, lingering kiss. 

"Babe, the plane was fun...now I gotta go for a shower and freshen up - let's go gamble, drink, eat...dance...mmmm...I can't wait to dance with you..." he said as he stood up and swayed with me. He undressed in the large marble bathroom and got under his luxuriously hot shower...soon he called for me. 

"Baby...you're not gonna join me?" 

Hearing this, I stripped off in front of him, making sure to bend over fully as I took off my g-string so he got a good view of my ass. As I did I felt a resounding "smack!" of his wet hand against my ass-cheek. He loves to spank me, and I love to be spanked. 

I got into the shower with him, and he watched as I bathed, the soap suds felt so good all over my body, sliding down my breasts and ass...he was semi-hard watching them wash off me. I realized he had not soaped yet. I grabbed the soap and washed him as though I were his slave-girl, from behind his ears, his chest, nipples, stomach, all the way to the soles of his feet. Sliding the soap down his crack, I followed with my fingers, massaging and cleaning his balls and cock with both my hands...when I was done rinsing him off I sucked on him softly and planted a little kiss on the tip of his cock. 

"Ahh - baby you're done?" 

"Love, we have to get ready - Bobby and Serena are ready and waiting for us for dinner!" 

Sighing, he turned the water off, and giving me one last smack on the bottom, let me towel myself off. Naturally, he was ready to go much before me, and sat waiting watching television while I rushed to make myself look good for him. 

I soon emerged, with my hair drying in wild curls, wearing a blue low-cut, figure-hugging chiffon tank-top, and a knee-length white pencil skirt. Metallic gold open-toe stilettos matched the embroidery on the top, as did my small purse, and to complete the look - I was wearing no bra. Under the layered chiffon of my top, I knew in the air-conditioning of these hotels He would be able (as would everybody else) to see my large hard nipples taking form underneath. He specifically asked that I go bra-less whenever possible, and I obliged every chance I got. 

He stood up, and held me at arms length, skimming my every curve with his eyes, 

"Babe, you look hot!" 

Apparently he wasn't the only person who thought so. We met our friends for dinner, and then went to Skin at the Palms. Dancers, go-go girls, lighting, everything was perfect! I sat perched on Aron's lap at the bar, sipping, of course, a Bailey's on the rocks. Out of the corner of my eye, I caught a cute brunette watching us. Aron had his hand slightly up my skirt on my thighs, and he was nuzzling into my neck, telling me what he was going to do to me when we got back...she kept looking over, and when we caught eyes, she smiled. I whispered to Aron, "I think we've got an admirer..." 

He looked up. "Do you think she's hot?" he queried. 

"She's pretty, no? What if she comes over...?" I asked. We had never had a threesome - til now it was just a fantasy we shared and teased each other with. But could it become a reality? Would that be wise? I liked watching girls in movies, but was I really ready to lick someone else's pussy, let alone share my man, whom I am severely possessive about? I felt the knots in my stomach tighten as the brunette approached us. She ordered herself a drink at the bar, turned and said, 

"Hi, I'm Christie. I couldn't help watching you guys from over there..." 

I smiled and introduced myself and Aron. He was still busy kissing my neck, but did acknowledge her with a glance and a smile. 

"I have to say, you guys make a really great couple. You're so petite, and your man's so big and tall! I wonder if he controls you or you control him?" Christie asked. 

"Oh, I like it when he takes control, tells me what to do...but also, sometimes it's nice to take command of such a big man...when he lets me!" We all shared a laugh. 

"That's a beautiful top," Christie said, and she reached out her hand to the center of my chest to touch the pleated chiffon. 

"Thanks" I said, as my breasts rose to meet her touch. 

Seeing my subconscious reaction, she traced the pleats over the center of my breasts, and up them, until her fingertip met my nipple. How innocent we were being. I kept a straight face, but my g-string was definitely getting wetter by the second. As my nipple hardened underneath her touch, Aron (super-shocked and turned on by all this) raised his hand up my skirt, until he brushed his fingers against my sodden pussy. 

"Baby, you're wet...!" He said, half-surprised. 

I shot Aron a glare, embarrassed that he would say that in front of a stranger. 

Christie's seductive smile grew, knowing now that I was interested. She leaned close to me and Aron, "You have a beautiful skirt too...," she said, and slid her hand up my other thigh, meeting Aron's wet fingers in the middle, where he was stroking my pussy. I tightened, not wanting this woman to have any contact with my man. She sensed this and said, 

"Hun, don't...it's you I'm interested in." 

Comforted at the thought of this I unclenched, and both her and Aron slid their hands under my G-string, and slipped a finger each into my dripping hole. 

This was a totally new experience for me. I had never felt two people fingering me at the same time. It felt soo naughty, but so good. I closed my eyes and leaned against Aron. He was thoroughly enjoying this experience so far. 

She took her finger out and started flicking my swollen clit, massaging it, and Aron replaced it with another one of his fingers. I was in ecstasy. Taking one wet finger out, he found his way to my asshole, and gently pushed it in. I now had a finger in both holes, and a woman massaging my clit. I could barely stand up...I felt my legs go to jelly - I needed to lie back and enjoy this properly. Plus, it couldn't get much further like this in public, and it was quite obvious we all wanted to take it further! 

"You guys, why don't we go to the room...and carry on...?" I suggested, short of breath. 

Christie shot Aron a look, they caught eyes and smiled. Removing their fingers from under my skirt, then held me between them as we left the club. On our way back to the Venetian, I clutched Aron tightly...we had to get some ground rules down. As Aron and I had discussed threesomes before, he already knew what was going through my mind, and brought it up himself. 

"Christie...this isn't any ordinary threesome. We are kind of possessive here...I won't be fucking anyone but her, I'm not going to do anything to you other than touch you, and tell you what to do to each other. You can touch me, you can lick and suck me if she says it's all right, but that's all...cool?" 

"No problem...I can't say I'm not a little disappointed, but what to do - I suppose this is what couples are like! But as long as I can watch you fuck her senseless I think I'll be all right...THAT cool?!" 

Aron's face lit up with one of his dirty ideas. "I think we can definitely find a way to work that one out!" He chuckled devilishly. 

Seemingly, I did not have a say in all of this. It was business. 

When we got to the elevator, I was getting more and more nervous. What if this absolutely sucked, what if it didn't but it ruined my relationship with Aron forever? I didn't really have any time to think further as Christie reached her hand out again and caressed my neck with her fingers...she let her hand trace my curves, I felt another hand creep up behind me and squeeze my breast. It was Aron. 

"Touch her nipples." 

Christie let her hand softly go over my nipples, feeling them ready for her mouth. I wondered what THAT was going to feel like. She pressed herself against me, and I unconsciously felt my arms rise up around her waist, touching her breasts, her nipples...we had the same body type, she was just a little taller. Her tits were round and large for her small frame, as were mine. I felt Aron behind me, his hard-on pressing into my ass, one of his hands still on my breasts, the other now on hers. It felt so good to be sandwiched between them. Pleasure pleasure everywhere. 

We finally got to our room. Aron sat back on the bed while Christie and I instinctively waited for instruction. I had had enough of being the quiet one. We were all in this for a fucking good time. I felt a pang of guilt, I could fuck them both but I wasn't letting Aron fuck Christie...that wasn't "fair" but it definitely wasn't happening! 

"Christie, did you know Andy just loves to have his cock sucked...? It's big and large, just like him!" I said, winking at her. 

"Really?" She grinned. 

We both moved towards the bed, Aron looking like a bit anxious about what was happening...we both knelt on the bed, our breasts to his face, and proceeded to undress him. I kissed him passionately as I popped off his boxers, and we both gazed at his cock, springing free, hard as can be. 

We knelt on the floor, I started licking one side of his long thick shaft like a lollipop, and grabbed Christie's head to do the same. We both licked his length up and down, our tongues meeting here and there. I slid all of him into my mouth in one gulp, sucking him hard, and Christie started flicking his balls with her tongue, before she took both of them into her mouth and sucked gently. He groaned, pushing both of our heads down and keeping them there. He was getting the blowjob of his life. 

He was trying to hold on as much as possible but couldn't help himself. He pushed harder into my mouth and came in long hot spurts. My mouth was full to the brim, and a little of his thick cum dripped out of one corner. Christie let his balls drop from her mouth, and licked the drip of cum off my chin, before kissing me fully on the lips, prying my mouth open with her tongue and sharing in tasting his warm semen. He looked down at us, not believing what just happened. Regaining some of his senses, he said, 

"Clean Me!" 

We licked him over again, making sure to swallow up every last drop of cum, and sucked on him to make sure he wasn't keeping any... 

Sighing, and spent, he sat back and instructed us,

"Play..."