 I work up Monday morning, my hand was around my hard cock. I pushed off the covers and laid naked in the center of big bed slowly stroking my cock. The sun was stream through my windows and I could see all the way down the strip. I looked at the clock and new I had to get moving, so I figured I would save this load to shoot on to Kim tonight.

Before heading to the shower, I stood at the window, looking at all the other hotels and wondered how many people were having sex at this very moment. In the shower I made sure to give my cock and balls a fresh shave, and then took the extra time to shave around my ass too, I had a feeling it would be getting some more action tonight.

Around 11, my phone buzzed with a text from Robert & Kim, After saying good morning, and getting a quick recap of their morning fucking, including a picture of Robert's cock in Kim's pussy, we made plans for that evening, I had to briefly attend a cocktail party but agreed to meet them at 8 at their hotel room for what Robert called "a more fun COCKtail party".

The rest of the afternoon when by surprisingly fast, I arrived at the cocktail party at 6pm and was about to leave at 7 to give me time to shower and change before meeting them. As I was about to walk out I got pulled into a conversation and was stuck there for another 15 min. I finally bolted out and ran to catch a cab to my hotel. 

I had hopped for some time before meeting them to work my ass with my butt plug but had to settle for the few minutes I had. I quickly stripped off my suit, and lube up the butt plug, I stood it up on a chair and lowered myself on to it slowly, letting it stretch my ass open for hopefully getting fucked later.

After the world's fastest shower, where I made sure to clean the important parts I pulled out the plug f and ran some soapy fingers into my ass, I was glad I did all my "grooming" that morning, I through on a pair of jeans and shirt, without any underwear, and ran back down. Thankfully my cabdriver took the back streets behind The Strip and got me to their hotel with 5 minutes to spare. On my way I texted Robert and let him know I was on my way. I notice while I was sitting in the cab I was unconsciously rubbing my cock through my jeans.

I half ran through their hotel's lobby to the elevator. Once in the elevator I collected myself and slowed myself down. By the time the doors opened on their floor I was calm and ready. I found their room and took a deep breath, then knocked.

Robert opened the door, the first thing I noticed was that he was wearing a robe and probably only a robe. He invited me in, they had a large room with floor to ceiling windows it wasn't a full suite but did have a seating area set aside from the bed. He invited me to sit on the couch and must have seen the questions in my head and before I could ask he explained that they had been in the spa and, but Kim's services were running late so he came up to meet me so I wouldn't think they ditched me and she would be up as soon as she was done down there, which he was assured would be no longer than 45 minutes.

He offered me a drink and pulled two beers out of the mini bar, then came and sat next to me on the couch. When he sat his robe opened a bit and I could see most of the way up his thigh. We sat there just sipping our beers and chatting. I told him a little more about my work and why I was in Vegas and he told me more about them and their swinging, and we talked about the other night, and what else we had done at the swing club. 

During the conversation Robert had partially turned in his seat so he was facing me and by doing this had moved closer so that our knees were almost touching. Being bi-sexual I was pretty good at picking up signals and felt I was getting plenty from Robert. Then he asked me how I felt about him holding my cock and putting me into Kim, I told him I enjoyed it a lot and that his hand had felt good. He said many guys that they had swung with were comfortable with that. I said it didn't bother me at all and that it was a turn on. 

I think by now we both knew where this was going, and Robert took the leap. "If you're up for it we don't have to wait for Kim to come back to get the fun started" I smiled and said I was definitely up for it. Then Robert leaned in and kissed me. We just sat on the couch making out, between kisses his questions got more pointed, asking about my bisexuality, how open I was with it. I told him I had been bi since I was a teen and had even dated some men before I got married. This seemed to turn him on even more. 

By know our kissing had gotten more passionate and I pushed the top of his robe open, and started playing with his nipples. I leaned down and started sucking and licking his left nipple. He ran his hand under my shirt and lifted it over my head as I worked on his nipples. He pulled and pinched my nipples, I was moaning back in pleasure, I loved when a man plays rough with my nipples. My moans must have gotten his attention as he took both my nipples and pulled them hard at the same time. My cock was like a rock in my jeans. I had his left nipple between my teeth as I reached down and untied his robe. 

My hand found his hard cock sticking straight up, and I circled my fingers around it. I noticed that he had shaved off all of the hair from his cock and balls since last night. After a few strokes Robert pulled away and quickly stood up and dropped his robe at the same time. His hard cock was pointed right at my mouth, and I quickly leaned forward and took it between my lips. I had my fingers around the base holding it as I licked my tongue over the head and into the slit. Then I opened my lips and slowly slid them down the length of his cock till I felt my nose touch his pubic hair. When I had the full length in my mouth I looked up with my eyes and smiled around his cock as he looked down at me. 

I slid back up his cock then proceeded to work his cock with my lips and tongue. My fingers were playing with his balls. He had his hands on the sides of my head and started pumped in and out of my mouth, fucking my face. Finally he pulled me off his cock and told me to get naked. I quickly did and he had me sit back down on the edge of the couch and he started sucking my cock, quickly his fingers started playing with my ass and I knew I'd have more than his fingers in there shortly. Soon enough he stopped sucking my cock and lick his way over my balls, sucking on them before continuing to my ass. 

He pulled my legs onto his shoulders and dove into my ass like he was eating a pussy. His tongue felt incredible poking into my ass. I was glad I shaved it clean that morning. I could feel my ass loosening around his tongue, I wanted to get fucked, and we both knew it!

"I want to fuck you in front of the window" we both stood up and walked to the window, first I got on my knees and sucked him some more getting him to full hardness, and coating his cock with my saliva. Their room was only on the 10th floor and if anyone was around the pool this late they would clearly see us since every light in the room was on. Then I stood up we kissed I felt our hard cocks between our bodies. Then Robert turned me around and bent me over, I grabbed the middle frame of the window.

I felt Robert running the head of his cock up and down my ass, every time it came near my hole I push back trying to get it in me. He was enjoying teasing me. He playfully slapped my ass and told me to "be patient", I begged him to "please fuck my ass, Let me feel your hard cock in my tight ass" In response Robert slapped his cock against my asshole a few times, causing me to beg even more for him to "fuck me like a slut". This seemed to be the magic words as I felt a glob of salvia land on my asshole and then felt the tip of his cock push against my asshole. He push the head of his cock into my ass. I push back and felt my ass relaxing and opening to take him in. The butt plug had done its job and with steady pressure Robert was able to push his full length into my ass. He didn't move of a while letting my ass adjust to his cock, and I assume savoring the feeling of my tight ass around his cock. 

Slowly he started withdrawing his cock, till just the head was still in my ass, he waited like that telling me to beg for his cock again. I did, I begged for him to fuck me with his big hard cock, to shove it in my ass deep and that he did burying his cock deep into my ass. He started fucking me at a good pace. I felt my cock and balls swinging between my legs with each of his thrusts.

I didn't hear the door open but next thing I knew I heard Robert saying to Kim, I told you he'd be interested in starting alone with me. I turned my head in time to see her dropping her robe to the floor and being as naked as we were. She walked over to us, she and Robert kissed, he never missed a stroke. Then Kim leaned down to kiss me, then got down on the floor and started sucking my cock. The pleasure I was getting from them was incredible. 

I felt Kim move under me adjusting her position now she was taking turns between sucking my balls, Robert's balls, and tonguing his shaft on his back strokes. Robert had his hands on my hips and was fucking me like a mad man, I knew he was close, I wanted to feel him fill my ass with his cum. With every thrust into my ass, I clenched my ass to squeeze his cock. He was moaning louder and thrusting harder with each stroke. I knew he was close. Finally he slammed his cock in one last time and I felt his hot cum shoot deep into my ass. Squirt after squirt filled my ass with his hot cum.

Robert collapsed over me to catch his breath, Kim was still under us licking and sucking whatever part of us her tongue would find. I could feel his cock shrinking in my ass. He pulled out and dragged himself over to the chair besides the bed and half fell into it. As soon as he cock was out of my ass, Kim latched her lips to my ass and shoved her tongue in to suck Robert's cum from my ass. I could barely remain standing from the pleasure I was getting. 

Finally Kim felt she had all the cum she could suck out, and stopped sucking my ass and told me I needed to fuck her now! She pulled me to the bed by my cock and got on all 4's sticking her ass up in front of me. I quickly climbed on the bed and shoved my cock into her wet pussy and started fucking her hard. I knew I wouldn't last long with all that had been going on. I had my hands on her hips pulling her back to meet my thrusts into her. I felt my cum building up in my balls. I pulled my cock out of her pussy and shot my cum across her back and ass, my first shot landed in her hair. I grabbed my cock and pumped the cum out on to Kim's back. Before my last squirt, Robert was up and licking my cum off his wife's back. 

After he licked off my cum from Kim's back Robert took my softening cock in his mouth and cleaned off the remaining cum. He then kissed Kim and I watched them share my cum, then Kim kissed me giving me a taste of it.

We spent the rest of the night fucking in every combination we could. We double fucked Kim, Robert fucked my ass while I was fucking Kim. Finally around 1 am we all collapsed and fell asleep. I woke up about 3 am to pee. I was standing there when I realized Kim was standing in the doorway watching me. She had to go too, I stood and watched her pee as she had me. When we were both done Kim asked me if I was openly bi or just when playing. I told her I was open about it and asked why? She said that Robert had a fantasy of going gay for a night and would I want to be his date for a night. I said sure it would be fun. She smiled then got on her knees and sucked my cock till it was hard again and then I fucked her on the bathroom counter. 

Our fucking must have woken up Robert and soon he joined us in the bathroom, mostly just watching and touching as Kim and I enjoyed a long slow fuck. It was now almost 4 am and I knew I should be heading back to my hotel to try to get some sleep before work. 

I got dressed and kissed both of them good-bye, Kim said she would be in touch and with a wink and a final kiss from both I headed back to my hotel to sleep.