 I walked through the small locker room on my way to the showers. I had many things on my mind, primarily, the presentation that I would have to give tomorrow afternoon to the head of our finance division. Despite my normal apprehension, I was well prepared.

When I entered the shower room, I stopped dead in tracks. I had been so deep in thought that I did not hear the shower.

A strange man was lathering up under a hot stream of water. Although I had never seen this man before, it was not uncommon for our landlord's other tenants to use the gym and facilities.

I quickly turned my back to the stranger and via a circuitous route, managed to get to a shower without giving him a full frontal. I was newly hairless from the neck down and I just wasn't comfortable, yet, with strangers knowing this.

Feeling a tad awkward, I turned my head slightly to see what the stranger was doing. My anus automatically puckered when I saw that he was looking right at my smooth, round butt. Immediately, I wondered if he had noticed me pucker or had interpreted that as signal.

Eventually, the stranger noticed me looking at him and gave me a hello nod. He then introduced himself. I was in the shower room with Oscar Macky and he was the guest of - I no longer remember.

As Oscar made small talk about the hot weather, I couldn't help but casually glance down to check him out. Wow! I involuntarily did a double take. Oscar had the largest, tan cock I had ever seen!

Not wanting to stare, I quickly looked at my hands, which were in front of my penis. "Just great," I thought. "Now, Oscar has not only seen me complete an obvious double take, he thinks I am comparing our sizes!"

Even more worrisome - my penis was beginning to grow. It had gone from limp to semi-hard in 60 seconds or less. I immediately ordered myself to "STOP!" thinking about Oscar's amazing, flaccid specimen.

The harder I tried to concentrate on what Oscar was saying, the harder my penis got. Desperate, I turned my hips even more as I pretended to wash my hair, so Oscar couldn't see my arousal. It was all for naught. My cock was still stiffening. I was on the verge of a full-blown, throbbing erection.

I nervously glanced out of the corner of my eye, again. Oscar was now slowly jerking his monster organ as he pretended to wash it.

There was no use in hiding or pretending. I decided to turn and give Oscar his first unobstructed, frontal view of my body. Besides, I did not want Oscar to misinterpret my shyness as teasing.

As I turned my body toward Oscar, a wave of excitement hit me so hard that my nipples hardened. What were the odds, I thought, that I would be naked, completely smooth, horny, and alone in a shower with a handsome man, who had a mouthwatering penis?

I let the water pour over my body for another minute or so before I looked at Oscar. He was still there soaping his hardening cock.

After a quick look into each other's eyes, Oscar and I simultaneously advanced toward each other. When we got within arm's length, we both reached out to fondle each other's erect penis.

I waited for what I thought to be a socially acceptable amount of time, before I dropped to my knees. I had not wanted to appear to be too eager.

As I continued gently stroking Oscar's thick, rubbery shaft, I stared at the way his tan foreskin slipped back and forth over his large cockhead. Curious, I pulled the foreskin down the shaft. A large, purplish knob eased out. The head itself must have been about two inches long and wide.

When I felt Oscar's penis stiffen even more in my hand, I opened my mouth wide, and pulled the large purple head in. Within seconds, I tasted precum on my tongue. It tasted sweet. Wanting more, I started sucking.

After a few minutes, I could no longer hold back my urges. My balls were tingling and my prostate was throbbing - unbelievably so.

I looked up at Oscar and boldly said, "Do you want to fuck me in the ass? I'd like to try your cock up my ass."

Oscar chuckled and pulled me to my feet. "No need to be bashful," he said.

We chuckled as Oscar grabbed my hips, turned me around, and pressed himself against me, nestling his huge cock between my cheeks. The feeling was so glorious, that I gently began humping his swollen cock, causing it to move up and down my smooth crack and over my twitching anus.

I knew the sensation that Oscar was feeling, too. My puckering anus reminded me of an erotic incident on my commuter bus, one summer day, a couple of years ago.

I was seated by the window minding my own business, when a young, small, curvy, blue-eyed blonde with a cherub face boarded. She was carrying some packages and sat down in the only vacant seat - next me.

After a minute or so, the young blonde decided to set her packages on the floor. She swiveled her hips toward the aisle and as she bent over to place her packages on the floor, she pushed her round ass hard up against my thigh as she spread her legs.

When I felt the 'rude' bump, I looked down at her ass. To my amazement, not only were her ass cheeks completely spread out against my bare thigh, she wasn't wearing any panties!

Apparently, her awkward bending and stretching had caused her, very thin, dark blue tights to pull down, exposing at least half of her nubile, bare ass.

As my penis began to harden, I decided to lean over slightly, so that I could look straight down her ass crack. I was hoping to see her anus, which I envisioned to be light pink.

When I leaned over, her anus, not her cheeks, began to give my bare thigh little squeezes. I instantly froze.

Her anus squeezed not once, not twice, but many times against me. She only stopped because someone came down the aisle.

Oscar interrupted my recollection, when he reached around and began stroking my hard-on. Perhaps noticing my distance stare, Oscar asked, "Ever done anything like this before?"

After taking a few seconds to figure what Oscar had said, I quickly blurted out, "Sure, but, not here..."

"Okay. Why don't you lean against the wall and spread your legs...wide."

I smiled back at Oscar knowingly, and got into position. I braced myself against the wall with my arms and bent over slightly. This was going to be the biggest cock I had ever had inside of me. I felt wicked just thinking about how it would feel to have that monster spurting hot cum inside me.

"Let me lube you," Oscar said as he left the shower room. My anus puckered, again, this time in anticipation as I waited for Oscar.

Oscar returned to the shower room, carrying a small container of Vaseline. Without saying anything, he uncapped it, and began smearing the contents all over the head of his pre-seminal fluid coated cockhead. When Oscar finished, I let go of the wall, pulled my cheeks apart, and pushed my butt out.

Oscar greased and loosened my tight, little asshole up good with his thick fingers. I groaned loudly when just his finger deeply penetrated me and, again, when his second finger found my prostate.

I let Oscar play with me a few more minutes, before I pulled my ass off his fingers and braced myself against the shower wall. Oscar could have made me cum right there had he continued to play with me with just his fingers, but I wasn't ready to cum, just yet.

When I felt the purple cockhead brush against my sensitive anus, I wiggled my horny ass, took a deep breath, and tried to relax my sphincter bands. Oscar noticed my cue and easily pushed his greased cockhead into my slick, back door. Oscar's weight, strength, and rock hard cock were no match for my little butthole.

Thankfully, Oscar's first few strokes were slow and measured, giving my butthole a chance to get used to the massive invader. In no time, I felt comfortable enough to push back. When I did, Oscar began working his cock deeper into my rectum.

My deep tissue massage was really stimulating my prostate. I couldn't help but reach down between my legs and begin furiously jacking my throbbing cock. I didn't want to cum too soon, but the way I was stroking - it would not take long.

"Do you want me to cum in you?"

Without waiting for me to answer, Oscar gradually increased his pace. He already knew that my stretched out ass had completely surrendered to his massive cock and that he could now maximize his pleasure by fucking it as hard as he wanted.

A couple of minutes later, my prostate was throbbing like crazy and my cock was on the verge of a huge ejaculation. My head was spinning out of control. I needed immediate relief.

I bent over as far as possible, squeezed Oscar's purple-headed knob against my prostate as hard as I could, and then violently shook my ass. When I felt the orgasmic telltale tingle, I arched my back even further.

Oscar felt my bowels completely open up and immediately jammed the full length of his monster cock into me. He was not going to bottom out.

I went into an orgasmic frenzy as Oscar's huge cockhead penetrated my bowels and his girth widened my anus out further than I ever had experienced. I had never felt so full and satisfied.

My entire body reacted by convulsing and then stiffening. As my rectum locked itself around Oscar's monster meat, I hollered loudly as my balls released what felt like white lightning.

I had to look down at my cock to make sure it was still intact. Jets of hot cum were blasting out of it so hard that they burned. It felt like my urethra was being shredded!

When he felt me cumming, Oscar couldn't hold off any longer. He bellowed out, "Jesus H Christ! I'm cumming! Damn. Damn. Ahh," as the sperm that had been racing up his piss tube with lightening speed, launched into my bowels.

I gritted my teeth, closed my eyes, and held my breath. I did not want anything to distract me from this experience. It was a first for me - getting a sperm enema from a huge ten-inch cock.

As Oscar's monster organ unleashed torrents of white ejaculate, I felt a warm wetness begin to spread out in my intestines. Each ejaculation seemed to drive his cum deeper into my belly.

After pausing to enjoy his orgasm, Oscar began banging away, again. His loud grunting and the rapid plop, plop, plop of his wet groin slapping against my wet, reddened butt cheeks could probably be heard a block away!

Finally, Oscar had had enough and pulled his cock out of sucking ass. When he did, I lost control of my bowels. They knotted and then powerfully opened up to expel the large invader that was no longer there.

Only the contents of my sperm enema farted out of my gaping asshole. It was terribly embarrassing.

After our first meeting, Oscar and I became immediate friends. He was several years older than I was, but he was good-natured and had a great sense of humor.

One afternoon, a few weeks later, after Oscar and I had worked out, we discovered that the showers were closed for repair. Oscar and I left grumbling.

To make a long story short, Oscar asked me if I wanted to shower at his place. I accepted the invitation and that is how it all started.

Oscar frequently has women around and so do I. Since we like to share, word has gotten out about what we do...because their girlfriends want to come over, too!

Oscar lives above the adult theater he owns. Most of the action with our girls happened either in his apartment or in his ABS.

 #####

Susan was the first female I met at Oscar's place. Our meeting was unique.

"I'm gonna cum."

I was about to tell Oscar to go for it, when a blonde female entered his bathroom and stepped in front of us. My eyes got big as saucers and my jaw dropped. I urgently tapped Oscar's arms, but it was too late.

The woman rolled her eyes as Oscar proudly broadcast, "I'm cumming in your ass. Buddy boy! Ahhh! Ahhh!"

As Oscar began filling my ass, he reached around, grabbed my hard-on, and jerked it quickly and roughly. Oscar knew by now that I loved to cum with a big cock up my ass and he loved to feel my ass squeeze his cock as he came.

I winced as my cock wrenched hard and then my rectum clamped down on Oscar's cock. Moments later, my arcing cum shots were landing all over the floor in front of the blonde.

Although my eyes were blinking rapidly, I couldn't help but notice the mischievous smirk on her face. My orgasm was slightly unsettling.

When Oscar finally noticed the blonde, he addressed her as if he knew she was there from the start. Most likely, she had been asleep in one of the other bedrooms and we had awakened her.

"Save me some hot water," she said as she undid the flannel belt on Oscar's huge bathrobe and let it drop to the floor. I immediately appreciated her lacy white bra and panties. Oscar did, too.

"Susan, you look great just the way you are!"

Oscar then pulled his softening cock out of my squishy bowels - complete with sucking sound. I winced, again. It was an embarrassing sound, but Susan did not seem to notice. She simply unsnapped her bra and let it fall.

Susan's breasts were breath taking. She had big tits...hangers... She wore at least a 40 D-cup.

Susan was taller than average and that certainly helped her out by distributing her weight. The woman had some curves!

After Oscar had washed his limp meat, he stepped out of the shower, grabbed a towel, and dried his face and upper body he approached Susan. I took advantage of his wide frame blocking Susan's view and surreptitiously eased a finger up my loosened anus to coax out the remaining semen. I thought it best to avoid any cumfarts this night.

Upon quietly cleaning myself, I looked over to see what Oscar and Susan were doing. I was somewhat surprised to see her in his arms and willingly kissing the man who had just fucked me up the ass - in their bathroom!

I gently shook my head in amazement, turned the shower off, grabbed a towel, dried off, and walked to the king size bed. My cock had quickly rejuvenated and wagged back and forth, as I walked past the amorous couple.

My self-administered anal cleansing had stimulated my spent cock. In addition, watching Oscar's mouth alternate between Susan's pretty mouth and her hard, pink nipples as she gently massaged his balls certainly had something to do with it, too!

As I relaxed on the bed, I heard Oscar whisper something to Susan. Then as he looked at me over her shoulder, he ran his hands down her back to her narrow waistline and hooked his thumbs into the waistband of her cotton panties.

Still looking at me, Oscar smiled as he gently turned Susan toward me and eased her panties down over a small roll of sexy baby fat, and then past her smooth pussy, before stopping. I immediately could smell Susan's sex.

The musky, wet smell from Susan's exposed pussy left no doubt in my mind that she was sexually aroused. Why not? She had just watched her man fuck me up the ass with his big cock and now her man was erotically exposing her smooth pussy in front of me - a complete stranger.

Susan's stimulation continued as Oscar began sliding his hand down toward her womanhood. As Susan sighed, she caught my eye. I made sure her former mischievous smile was returned as I fondled my semi-hard cock.

Oscar's finger teased Susan's wet pussy for a minute or so, before he led her to the foot of the bed. I stopped my slow stroking when Oscar and Susan stopped directly in front of me.

I looked up at Oscar expecting an introduction to Susan. When none was forth coming, I looked up at Susan. Her flushed face was smiling down at me.

As our eyes remained in contact, Susan said something like Oscar is always "talking about you." Then she asked if I was still Oscar's "gym-buddy" or was I now his "fuck-buddy," too? I smiled at her attempt at humor.

Oscar spoke-up and told Susan that I liked pussy, too. As soon as he did, Susan smiled and said, "Well...that's goooood...I was wondering..."

Then without skipping a beat, Susan gently mounted me! She crawled up my body on all fours and only stopped when her swinging breasts were inches away from my face. I opened my mouth to suck them, but Susan had other plans.

"I hope you're hungry," Susan said as she turned around and then backed herself up, so that she was squatting directly over my face. Pre-occupied with analyzing the large clitoris poking out of her swollen labia, I did not respond.

As Susan spread her moist pussy open with her fingers, she adjusted herself, again. Now her ass was right in front of my face. A lot of the skin surrounding her butthole had a deep brown pigment to it and it stood out in contrast to the white flesh of her ass around it.

As I continued to look at Susan's butt hole, she lowered her haunches. The last thing I saw was her slightly flabby, milk-white cheeks coming straight down on my face. The next thing I felt was my nose being pressed right into the convex whorl of her anus!

I had never had my nose so far up someone's ass as it was right now. Despite the humorous thought, I had far more serious concerns - like breathing! My mouth was almost sealed against her wet pussy.

Thankfully, Susan began to rub her clit on my chin, which allowed me to breath. As I sucked in O2, I heard her telling Oscar that she was going to go for a "ride." She sure did.

Whenever Susan took a rest break from sliding her entire wet slit back and forth, and up and down my face, I lapped her pussy, and sucked and swallowed everything juicy. It did not take long for Susan to begin moaning.

As Susan's moans grew louder, the more her bottom wildly gyrated and bounced up and down on my face. Perhaps, thinking that I might possibly be thinking about getting my face out of danger, Susan cried out to me in a high-pitched voice, "Keep your tongue out! Don't you stop! Don't you stop!"

Eventually, Susan's low stamina forced her to slow down. When she did, I began to spear her hot pussy with my tongue. That is when she came.

Susan began sounding like some kind of wild animal being tortured. She gripped wildly at the sheets, arched her back as though she had just been electrocuted, and began twisting her hips like a bucking bronco. Moments later, a warm, sticky liquid poured out of her pussy and into my mouth.

Despite swallowing rapidly to keep from choking, I felt Susan's pussy distinctly spasm several times against my face. Up to then, I had ever seen a woman cum like that.

In recovery mode, Susan catatonically rocked back and forth. She probably did not even feel me extricate my face from her sweaty ass and wet pussy.

As I gulped in lungfuls of air, I licked Susan' girl cum off my lips, and looked around for Oscar. When I didn't see or hear him, I quickly stroked my cock hard, mounted Susan from behind, and quickly came in her hot, wet pussy.

Several minutes later, out of the clear blue, Susan exclaimed, "Oh my god, Oscar. This guy eats pussy like nobody else. Better than any woman...any man!"

 #####

Oscar met Sandy in his financial management class at UNLV. A mutual lust developed quickly developed. Although Oscar was two decades older, Sandy was bored with the juvenile behavior of her male classmates.

The age difference was not a distraction. Oscar was confident, handsome, and had a muscular body that showed no signs of aging. In addition, Oscar gave her attention.

When Sandy's mind began to wonder, it did not take her very long to decide what to do. Oscar was a gentleman and quite a physical specimen and Sandy was hot to trot.

Oscar delighted in telling me how Sandy's sexual behavior had become more and more risqué. He said each time they got together, Sandy had become bolder and more daring. Their sexual exploits had ranged in settings from her dorm room to places like the library, gym, and an abandoned classroom. Oscar concluded by saying with gleeful emphasis that Sandy was turning into a "verifiable sex machine," now that "she had a cock to run to, instead of her vibrator."

About a week later, Oscar told me the next step in their relationship was for him to introduce her to his world. Although I looked forward to meeting Sandy, I was quite pleased with my situation. During Oscar's trysts with Sandy, I got to fuck Susan's ass so much, that I thought I owned it! Anyway, I met Sandy a few days later.
