 I met Thomas and his wife Vera on the plane down to the Bahamas. We shared seating in first class. I was headed for a vacation and they were returning home from Houston. Thomas had an automotive paint supply company and had been in Houston setting up connections with suppliers. He was a tall older man with graying hair and a friendly outgoing personality. Even though I was half his age, we hit it off from the start.

Vera sat next to the window and seemed bored. She acknowledged me with a nod and a half smile that seemed forced. She looked closer to my age than her husbands. She also looked Italian for some reason. I think it was the classic Roman nose. Her husband was British but had very little in the way of an accent.

We had a few drinks and Thomas and I discussed cars, hotrods, and paint, which seemed to bore Vera even more. When we got around to talking about my vacation plans her interest perked up. I had reservations at a clothing optional resort. For the first time she said something. 

"I've lived ten miles from that place but I've never been there," she said and then glanced at her husband.

Thomas smiled and nodded. "It is not for any reason I know of. The manager is a good friend of mine. I had his last two cars painted. We've had a standing invitation to go visit."

Vera patted him on the knee. "Naked in private is one thing, naked in public quite something else."

Thomas chuckled and looked at me. "An exhibitionist that is a chicken most of the time."

I lifted my eyebrows and looked at Vera. Even with her dark tan, I could see the hint of a blush. "I'm not an exhibitionist. I just have clothing malfunctions as they say on the TV," she said and then grinned.

"Uh huh," I said and grinned also.

Thomas chuckled and whispered, "Yes, dear."

Vera turned our way and leaned forward slightly. Her silk blouse gaped open at the top and her left breast was in plain site. For someone with such a deep tan, she had no tan line on her breast, so I assumed she sunbathed at least topless. She looked at me and said, "Maybe I'll come visit while you are there." 

Looking at her husband, she whispered, "I'll show you who is a chicken."

He laughed and nodded as he looked at her breast. "You're already showing our young friend here the sights."

Vera looked confused for a second and then looked down. She let out a half gasp and sat back quickly. The light blush was back again only stronger. "Like I said, it's always a wardrobe malfunction," she whispered as she buttoned two buttons on her blouse.

"And a most beautiful malfunction it was," I said with a chuckle.

Thomas nodded in agreement and Vera quickly looked out the window.

*****

We were getting ready to land and Thomas handed me a business card. "Give me a call one day. We can have lunch at the very least."

Vera turned and looked at me. "Who would I ask for if I called the Resort?"

I looked at her and then looked at Thomas. He nodded and I said, "David. David White."

Thomas looked at his wife and said, "I could invite him to stay at the villa."

"He already has reservations. Anyway, he would have much more fun there than hanging out with us," Vera said softly.

Thomas nodded to his wife and looked at me. "Do call though. I need a very special Valentines Day present for my wife this year. I took my Houston trip early and it was too cold there, so I need to make it up to her. Maybe you can help me out."

"Since I haven't had a steady girlfriend for a number of years, I probably wouldn't be much help. I'm pretty much out of practice." I told him.

Thomas laughed and looked at his wife. She looked back at him for a few seconds and then looked out the window. I did notice the half smile on her face as she turned her head. Her husband looked back at me and grinned. "Don't sell yourself short," he said as the wheels touched down.

*****

I lost contact with Thomas and Vera, as I had to go through customs with the rest of the tourists and they took a much shorter line for residents. The weather was warm and sunny as I checked in with the resort desk out front and was shown to an air-conditioned bus. In a little over an hour I was in my room on the third floor of the resort. 

Opening the French doors, I stood on the balcony and took in the view. I could see most of the bay in front of the resort and the beaches and resorts of the far shore. There was a point to the left and a string of low islands across the mouth of the bay. A most beautiful view, I must say.

Stepping closer to the rail, I looked down. A large pool was centered up in front of the building and between it and the white sand beach with deckchairs and brightly colored umbrellas. It was mid afternoon but there were a lot of people lounging around the pool and on the beach. From the looks of things, it was a young crowd.

I left the doors open as I changed out of my travel clothes and into my birthday suit. Digging in my bag, I came up with sandals, a ball cap, a fanny pack, sunglasses, and a bottle of tanning oil. A towel from the bathroom and I was dress for success, or at least to lounge around in the sun or the shade.

I slipped on my sandals, wrapped the fanny pack around my waist and then the towel. Some sort of clothing was required in the main building so I figured a towel should work. I had a blue bracelet on my left wrist that signified that everything was prepaid so I was good to go. 

There were people in the hall, people in the elevator, people in the lobby. A lot more people than I had seen earlier. Every chair around the pool was taken and it was the same on the beach. I ended up sitting on a rock a little ways down the beach. 

Everyone looked to be under twenty-five and pretty much ignored me. The few that looked my way frowned. Now I'm no Adonis but I'm not ground beef either. I keep myself in pretty good shape.

A young woman that looked to be near my age and had a uniform on passed by. "Uh... excuse me," I said and she looked my way as she stopped.

"Yes, sir. May I help you?"

"What's with all the kids?" I asked.

She sighed and shook her head. "Someone double booked for Valentines Day."

"That's going to prove interesting," I said with a grin.

She shook her head again. "Interesting isn't the word for it. Madhouse comes to mind first and then a string of words my mother told me not to use." The woman replied.

"Are they sending half of them home?"

She laughed. "Are you kidding me? They're offering discounts to people with double rooms who are willing to share. They've tossed most of the help out of our rooms and put guests in them. I'm sleeping on the beach, I guess."

"I think I picked the wrong time to take a vacation."

She nodded. "If you can go anywhere else, you'll be a lot better off."

"I did get an invitation from a couple I met on the plane. They live here on the island."

"Take it and run," she said with a grin. "I know I would, if I could."

"Is there a phone here?" I asked.

"Go to the desk and tell one of the clerks you're trying to make other arrangements and he'll break his neck getting you one," the woman said. "I need to get back to work."

"Have fun." I told her and she waved as she hurried off.

*****

Two hours later, Thomas picked me up in front of the hotel. I had an open ended return flight and a full refund on the resort, plus a voucher for half off of my next visit. I had already explained to Thomas why I wanted to check out and now that we were headed for his home, I said, "I hope this isn't too much of an inconvenience for you and your wife."

"No problem. We didn't have anything planned for Valentines Day except relaxing and hanging around the garden. Vera will enjoy the company, I'm sure."

We drove back past the airport and then along the coast for a ways with the beach on one side and high hills on the other. Then we turned and started up into the hills. On the hillsides were expensive looking large homes set well apart. About halfway up one hill, we turned right into a driveway and followed it up until the drive opened out into a large circular drive and a parking area. 

The home was large; three stories at least, with a short stonewall in front of it. A four-car garage was to the left and it had what looked like an apartment above it. Overall, the place looked more like an Italian villa than anything else. The walls looked thick and were plastered to a fine finish. It looked slightly out of place in the lush tropical setting.

Three wide curving steps led up to a large ornate front door. Vera opened the door as we got to it. "It's the butlers day off," she said with a grin.

Thomas laughed. "With all the estragon around here, I should get one and a chaffier also." Looking at me, he added, "We have a cook and her two daughters work as the maids, the place is a nightmare to clean, so it ends up three against one most of the time."

"But you so love it" Vera said with a grin

"If only...." Thomas said and then sighed deeply.

His wife laughed and looked at me. "You can stay in the guest room on the main floor. It has French doors leading out to the garden and the pool. It's the closest we have to a resort feel in the house."

As I entered the home, it only took a couple of glances to see that it was elegantly decorated. "You have a beautiful home," I said as I followed Vera across a large living room.

"The kitchen, dinning room, and quarters for the cook and her daughters are on the second floor. Vera and I have the third floor to ourselves," Thomas said.

At a door on the far side, Vera opened it and went inside. "This is your room," she said as I followed her inside. 

The room was large with a very large bed against the left hand wall. The right hand wall was mostly glass with double French doors set in the center. Vera went over to open them. She had on a soft silky looking housedress in a dark blue color. It buttoned up the front but the bottom four or five buttons were unbuttoned, as were the top four. There was darkly tanned skin showing down below her bust line.

I parked my bag next to the bed and tossed my travel bag on it. Vera turned around and smiled. "Your bathroom is through there," she said as she indicated a door across the bed from me. 

As she started for the door to the living room, I asked, "And what is the dress code for the garden and pool?"

Her steps faltered for a second and then she grinned. "It might be more fun for you to find out for yourself."

I looked at her questioningly and then looked toward the door for Thomas. He was nowhere in sight. "Where did your husband go?"

She grinned again and replied, "He went upstairs for his afternoon nap."

I nodded and waited for her to go on out the door but she paused in the doorway and turned to look at me with a smile on her face. "Relax and enjoy the garden and the pool. We normally don't eat until around sunset so you have plenty of time. There is a wet bar in the corner of the garden so help yourself." With that said, she stepped back. "I may join you later." She closed the door. 

I thought back to Thomas's comment about her being a chicken exhibitionist. I wondered if she would have the nerve to sunbath topless with me around. There was only one way to find out. I also realized she was taller than I had originally thought. With short heels, she was as tall as I was. A most beautiful woman, to say the least.

*****

I unpacked and put my stuff away. I didn't have much since I had packed for a nudist resort. In the bathroom I changed into an old swimsuit that I had packed in case I went to another beach. It was a little frayed and baggy. With my sunglasses on, my tanning oil in hand, and a towel over my shoulder, I wandered out onto the flagstone patio in front of the French doors. It was a beautiful place.

There was a ten-foot high stucco wall around the whole area. To the left was more flagstone with the wet bar and a seating area in the corner. Four large lounge chairs were arranged in a semi circle facing the garden and a half dozen more were along the edge of the pool. There was a hot tub along the left hand wall with a waterfall below it running into the pool. 

The pool wasn't large compared to the resort but it fit the garden nicely. Steps led down into it in the corner closest to the hot tub. Tropical plants and flowers were everywhere along the back wall and a wide flat lawn showed at the other end. The whole of it was lit nicely by the afternoon sun. 

I selected a beer from the small icebox at the wet bar and took a seat by the table in the seating group. After a sip or two, I stretched out my legs, crossed my ankles, leaned back, and sighed deeply. The warm sun, a cold beer, and peace and quiet, what else could someone on vacation ask for. With a quick grin, I thought of all the naked young ladies I had seen at the resort.

*****

After I finished my beer, I took a swim. I applied some of the suntan oil and sat back down in the chair with a second beer. I was taking my second swallow when movement to my right drew my attention. Vera came out the doors from the living room. I smiled; she had on a short silk robe that didn't quite come down to the middle of her thighs.

As she walked toward me, she smiled and undid the belt holding the robe close. She held it closed until she was only a few feet from me. Then she stopped, opened the robe and let it fall from her shoulders, taking it off. My eyes grew large and my mouth dropped open. She was completely naked except for a pair of low heels.

Her breasts were not large but her nipples were. The dark circles under them were oval shaped and slanted toward the inside at the bottom. Her stomach was flat but not muscular. Her ass was nicely rounded above her shapely thighs and long legs. A very neat package all together.

I finally got my mouth closed as she took a couple of steps forward and draped the wrap over the back of another chair. I let out a soft whistle under my breath and she looked at me for the first time with a shy smile on her face. "I'm not a chicken in my own home," she said softly as she turned and sat down next to me. 

"So I see," I got out as I watched her cross her legs and lean back. After a moment or two, I said, "So, I guess this means the garden is clothing optional?"

She smiled and looked around. "It is most of the time. The house also, unless we have company or there is a party."

"I'm just glad you didn't answer the door the way you're dressed right now. I would have had a hard, uh, heart attack."

She glanced at my lap and asked, "Do you have a hard attack at the present?"

I chuckled. "You can say that again."

"Then you should show it off. I like compliments of that type."

I looked around and asked, "Uh, how about Thomas? What would he think of... compliments like that? Not to mention the cook and her daughters."

"Thomas would grin and nod. He knows me very well. As for the cook and the maids.... Well, just wait until you see the maids," she said and then winked as she looked past me. "Here comes one of them now."

I turned and looked toward the door to the house and damn near did have a heart attack. A young native woman was walking towards us with a tray in one hand. All she had on was a small translucent gold scarf around her hips or rather one hip. Her smoothly shaven sex went in and out of view with each step. 

Her breasts were small but full and I had to groan as she walked past me. Her ass was high, very full, and very round. As an ass man I can say it was one of the best I had ever seen. She bent slightly and held the tray out toward Vera. Her ass was pointed slightly in my direction. It only got better as she bent. 

When she straightened up, she glanced my way and grinned as she headed back across the patio. Her hips swayed even more than they had earlier. I was mesmerized. When she went out of sight inside, I groaned softly and looked out across the pool.

"That was Jia. Her sister is an identical twin by the name of Tia," Vera said to me with a grin. "She seems to have increased the size of your... compliment."

I looked down at the front of my swimsuit and nodded. "It was the ass mostly. That and she is the first woman of color I have ever seen in person, naked or that naked, anyway."

Vera laughed. "Wait until you see their mother. Her rear is even finer, if that is at all possible."

"Wow!" I whispered and then asked, "Uh, just how old is that young lady?"

"Nineteen going on twenty five," Vera said with a grin. "If only I had known what she knows now, at that age."

When I gave her a questioning look, she just shook her head. "Wishful thinking on my part." She replied cryptically as she set her drink aside and stood up.

She walked over to a drawer on the wet bar and opened it. She got out a bottle of tanning oil and turned around. She opened the bottle and squeezed some of the oil into her hand. Looking at me, she said, "Why don't you get rid of those shorts while I apply my tanning oil."

With that said she leaned on the counter, sat the bottle aside, and applied the oil to her upper chest. She was one even dark tan all over. I watched as she rubbed the oil into her chest and over her breasts. Her nipples grew harder the more she rubbed the oil in. 

I stood up and hooked my thumbs in the waistband of my bathing suit. Her eyes were on the front of them as I slowly pushed them down. My dick hung in the waistband and went down with the shorts, the tent in the front getting bigger. Suddenly the head snapped loose and my dick jumped up to slap meatily against my lower belly. 

Vera shivered, grinned, and whispered, "A very impressive compliment, indeed."

"Thank you." I replied with a matching grin as I stepped out of the shorts and sat back down. "I owe it all to the gorgeous scenery."

She chuckled and picked up the bottle, squirted oil in her hand, and wiped it on her right arm. Switching hands, she applied a handful to her left arm. Setting the bottle down, she took her time rubbing the oil into her arms and wiping any excess on her belly. She was enjoying me watching her and I was enjoying the show she was putting on.

There was a grin on her face as she used both hands to rub the oil over her lower ribs and belly. When she finished that, she slipped her right foot out of her sandal and lifted her ankle to her opposite knee and held it there as she got more oil on her hand. Her thighs were widely parted, her sex on display. Her slit was slightly parted, the inner lips peeking out.

She wiped the oil on her leg from her ankle to her thigh, set the bottle aside, and started to rub the oil in at her ankle. As she worked her way up her leg, she would glance at me from under her lashes. My eyes followed her hands but I looked directly at her sex each time she glanced at me. That made her shiver every time.

Her fingers never touched her sex as she got to the top of her thigh but the heel of her hand grazed over the surface of her outer lip several times. The slit was open wider by the time she put her foot down. I noticed that it was to the outside of her shoe.

When she lifted her left foot and crossed it over above her knee, her slit was opened even wider. The inner lips were poking out more and the nub of her clit was just visible at the top. She picked up the bottle and applied oil to her left leg. As she set the bottle down, she took a deep breath and let it out slowly.

I smiled at her and said, "Having fun are we?"

She nodded without looking at me and started to rub the oil in at her ankle. "You look at me with appreciation," she whispered a moment later.

"What's not to appreciate? You are a very beautiful woman and allowing me to watch you apply your tanning oil is a privilege I'm enjoying very much."

She smiled and continued to work her way up her leg. At the top, I noticed that the side of her hand brushed across her outer lip more often and more firmly. Her inner lips were growing and fanning out each time she did. Her clit was also rising more and the hood was moving off the end. 
