 Vera knew he would try to kiss her. Try to feel her up. That was his reputation. But she had other ideas. There was nothing wrong with Johnnie, she thought, but he didn't really turn her on. Besides, she had no wish to become another of his well-known conquests, or become involved in a sexual intrigue. She intended to say a brief goodnight and get out as soon as the car stopped. Anyway, she was off sex at the moment.

This was not because there was a regular boy friend in Vera's life - there wasn't at the moment. She had finished with Bill some weeks earlier. He had done the dirty on her by arranging for his mates to shag her. Perhaps this was the problem. There had been four of them. At the end of her twenty-first birthday party, everyone had gone home except Bill and four of his pals who were still drinking.

Vera had had a few drinks and was not really in control of herself. After saying 'goodnight' to some of her guests, she returned to the sitting room. Bill came across to her, put his arms round her and kissed her. 'Nice party, birthday girl,' he said. His hands were stroking her pert bottom, turning her on. She was already feeling rather sexy. She kissed him back.

'Get rid of your pals,' she whispered in his ear, rubbing his crotch, 'and lets have some sex.' She could feel the shape of his half-stiff cock.

'Oh, they won't mind.' And he raised the hem of her skirt to stroke her bare thighs. The other men were watching with grins on their faces.

'Want any help, Bill?' one asked, crossing to the embracing couple.

'Maybe. She's got too many clothes on.'

Before Vera could register what was happening, the one called Ralph came behind her, quickly unbuttoned her blouse, and pulled it from her shoulders, over her arms, complete with bra straps.

'Hey!' she remonstrated, turning from Bill to face him. But her arms were trapped in the straps, with her breasts now in full view. They didn't require much support for they were not too big. Petite was an apt description, with brown hard nipples. Ralph gazed at them.

'Hmm! Quality rather than quantity titty!' he laughed, running the palms of his hands over them. 'Nice, Bill. Nice!' the nipples were certainly swollen hard.

From behind her, Vera felt her pants being pushed down her thighs, whilst a third person was now at her side, unzipping the waistband of her skirt. All of a sudden she was surrounded by these five men, stripping the clothes from her. In spite of her struggles, she was powerless to stop them. It was then she became aware of being prodded from behind between her thighs. It was a stiff cock!

The cock found its way between her willing labia, already wet from her earlier thoughts, and began to press its way into her hot vagina. There was no resistance from the well-lubricated passage.

'Stop it!' she cried, trying to wriggle away. But she was in the grasp of strong men. Her body was forced over the arm of the chair at the side of her as the cock drove deep into her. She tried to look over her shoulder. Bill just stood there, laughing.

'Go on Henry. Fuck her man! She loves it!'

Hands grappled with her breasts. Others clutched at her thighs to pull them apart. The cock was now thrusting into her hard and fast. She was utterly bewildered by the speed of events. One minute she was embracing her boyfriend and the next she was being shagged! Her struggles were useless. The cock was being urged on. They were calling out words of encouragement.

'Gosh, Bill! Lovely cunt this!', came the panting voice, 'I could fuck it all day.'

'Well, tough!' It was Ralph. 'My turn now! Move over!'

'A minute,' gasped Henry. 'Hang on! I'm coming!' And his jerks got erratic. A final lunge emptied his seed deep inside Vera.

She felt him withdraw, only to be replaced immediately by another, bigger cock that began to thud into her with quick urgent thumps.

'No! No, please,' she screamed and writhed. But to no avail. The tall man, Billy had joined them. He was a black young man. He had already unfastened his trousers and was taking out his ebony cock. Vera looked at it in dismay. Not fully erect, it was at still least eight inches in length.

'No, not that!' she howled, as Ralph humped and gasped, thumping into her, approaching his climax, the tension rising in his loins.

'Aw,' Bill sighed. 'You always said you'd like a big black cock. And I've brought you one. Go on Billy, give her a taste of your dick. On the floor.'

The cock pounding into her slipped out. Vera felt the warm splash of sperm over her buttocks. In spite of her disgust at the whole episode, her body was responding to the attention it was receiving. She moaned in dismay. Hands pulled her from the arm of the chair onto her back on the rug. Her ankles were grasped on either side and roughly hoisted over her shoulders to flaunt her defenceless vulva to the greedy eyes of the five men.

'Wow! Take a look at that lovely peach! A real redhead!'

Ginger pubic hair - now darkened with sperm - covered her groin. The entrance to her secret passage yawned, the labia flapped open, inviting penetration.

'Ready and willing!'

As she looked down, Billy had dropped his trousers, and was presenting the head of his now fully erect cock to her cunt lips. Accompanied by a cheer from the others, he sank the huge shaft straight into the willing vagina as he fell on top of her. Vera felt a sharp sting as her labia stretched to their limit. She cried out for Bill to stop him. But he just laughed, watching the black shaft split her vagina, toying with his own cock sticking from his open flies.

'Leave a bit for me.' The fourth man was stood over her face, grinning cruelly, his stiff manhood in his hand, masturbating. Vera's own boyfriend knelt beside her face and pushed his stiff cock into her mouth. Billy was now humping her hard, grunting with each stroke. The pain had gone. Only the feeling of being full of moving cock stuffing her vagina.

Then, with a great lunge, he pulled out from her, and Vera watched the end of his cock erupt. Several jets of sperm splashed over her face and breasts to the calls of hurrah from the others.

The sight was enough to trigger her boyfriend's ejaculation into her mouth, filling her cheeks with his sticky starch, whilst the fourth man pushed Billy away and shoved his bursting cock into her. It took but one thrust, with a whoop of release, for it to fill her vagina with his copious discharge.

'That was a great birthday present, Vera. Thanks! You are a great shag!'

Vera was left lying on the floor, sobbing, trickles of sperm on her breast and chin, her vulva oozing with the sperm trickling over her bottom. The men moved away, fastening up their trousers, called out their goodnights and left. Including Bill.

That was the last time she saw her boyfriend. Ex-boyfriend! She had phoned him to tell him what she thought about him and that he was lucky she didn't go to the police.

And now, here she was two weeks later, sat in the car with Johnnie, not really ready for more men groping her body - feeling her vulva.

Johnnie drew up in the tree-lined road in the shadow between two street lamps. He turned to smile at Vera. 'Goodnight darling!' he said.

Her eyes met his in the near darkness, reflecting the street lamp. She waited for him to lean across and kiss her lips. But he made no move towards her all, let alone to take her in his arms. Vera was surprised and, to be truthful, a bit disappointed. Was it possible he didn't fancy her, she wondered? But Johnnie fancied everything in a skirt!

A little disappointed, she smiled back at him and made as if to get out of the car by opening the car door before leaning across to kiss him goodnight. Her lips lingered on his rather longer than she had intended, though. Before she could break away, his hand had reached round her head, pressing her face into his. His tongue pushed between her lips, rubbing against her teeth. Almost without thinking, Vera parted her teeth to allow the tip of his tongue to press against her own. Mouths began to grind gently against each other, tasting, exploring.

To her surprise, Vera was becoming aroused against her inclination and when she felt his other hand slip inside the top of her dress she had no means of preventing it. By the time she had closed the car door again, it was almost too late for her to put a restraining hand on his wrist. Johnnie's fingers had reached their goal. He made no attempt to force his hand any further into her bra. Instead, he gently caressed the stiffening nipple, whilst beginning to fondle her ear lobe as they kissed passionately and long.

'Oh, hell!' she thought to herself, loosening the hold on his wrist. Johnnie responded by sliding the hand over her small breast until it was cupped in his palm, thumb caressing the hardening nipple. Vera enjoyed having her nipples fondled. Although smallish breasted, her areola swelled up like eggcups, thrusting the nipple forward.

Encouraging Johnnie by returning the passion of his kisses, she pushed her tongue into his mouth. Her body was responding with enthusiasm. Little shivers trickled through her belly. She knew her juices were starting to flow. It was an embarrassment to her that they were so copious. They didn't ooze. They trickled! She had to wear knickers with a specially padded gusset. Curiosity overcame her. Johnnie's cock was a legend among her friends. She couldn't resist reaching into his lap to test the stiffness there, to squeeze the hardness beneath the fabric.

So engrossed was she in the enjoyment of the sensation of fondling a hard cock that she hardly noticed her dress buttons being unfastened down the front. A hand reached down the elastic top of her knickers into the tangle of auburn curls below her navel. Even though her slender thighs were tightly closed, hunched up in the front seat of a car, a finger pushed its way between them to pause over her sensitive clitoris before slipping down to sample the honey dribbling from her aroused sex lips. An involuntary gasp escaped her at the touch.

Johnnie would be in no doubt that she was aroused, she thought. The thighs jerked slightly to allow the hand easier admittance to the vulva. Johnnie could now press his hand between the trembling thighs, palm closing over the warm wetness, gently kneading the soft folds of her slippery vulva. By this time, Vera's own hand was pressing against the back of Johnnie's head, crushing her mouth passionately against his. Her groin clenched and squirmed as the seeping honey washed over the fingers now gently kneading the hot flesh.

Vera felt a desperate need to grasp Johnnie's cock. Fumbling at the opening of the trouser flies, she found the top of the zip to slide it open. Her eager fingers groped into the opening, urgently searching for the waistband of Johnnie's underpants. Dragging it down, she felt the hot stiffness. Impatient fingers squeezed the tip, spreading the globule of moisture, which had formed there, before wrapping round the shaft to begin a rapid pumping action. She pressed it in her palm, digging her fingers into the hard flesh. Her fingers and thumb could not fully encircle the girth of the shaft.

She was now so obsessed with it, that from her initial unwillingness, Vera was now like a tigress. Her passion was roused to the limit. She muttered and gurgled into his mouth thrusting her tongue deep into mouth, darting it in and out as if her tongue was fucking it. Johnnie spread his thighs as far as the gear lever would allow, giving Vera full access to his genitals. He had succeeded in unfastening all the buttons of her dress, pushing the top from her shoulders, revealing the white bra. From the right cup Vera's breast spilled over, the stiff dark nipple protruding. Johnnie ended the long intense kiss, transferring his lips to the engorged nipple. As he fastened onto it, Vera's head fell back in elation, a deep groan escaping her lips.

Johnnie's other hand had pushed her soaking knickers down over her hips, his fingers well and truly dipping into her free-flowing juices, teasing the clitoris, caressing the folds of the labia. Vera maintained the frantic jerking of his cock until Johnnie felt the excitement rising in his loins. He wanted to hold back, but he knew he was going to explode any minute. Managing to twist his hips, he succeeded in thrusting his penis over Vera's navel just as the dam burst. With a lunge, the sperm erupted into the tousled ginger curls covering her groin.

Vera looked down to watch the gushing, erect cock thrust against her wet labia, the head pushing at her clitoris. The white sperm splashed onto the ginger curls of her pubic mound. Feeling the warm liquid spill into her skin was enough to bring about Vera's climax. She gave a muffled cry, reaching her hand over her vulva, as the orgasm slammed into her. Her hips jerked and thrashed about until the spasms subsided. Her hand softly rubbed Johnnie's sperm over her wet genitals, feeling the slippery texture.

Johnnie rolled back into his seat, recovering his breath. Vera opened her eyes to watch the proud cock begin to soften slightly. It was a handsome sight, stained with his sperm. Leaning across him, Vera dropped her head into his lap, taking the still partially engorged shaft into her mouth. The tangy taste of his sperm aroused her taste buds. She kissed and licked the cock with great affection, teasing it back to its former stiffness. Realisation dawned on her. She wanted to feel this handsome cock inside her vagina. Her secret channel of pleasure was crying out to be penetrated. Johnnie was lightly stroking her vulva and clitoris, now sticky with his sperm mingling with her own juices.

Realising Vera's yearning for cock, any cock, Johnnie rolled her back into her seat and threw his leg over her lap to kneel between her spread thighs. She made no effort to stop him when he positioned the end of his fully erect penis between her eager labia. Nudging them apart, he placed the end into the mouth of her vagina, pausing to relish the blissful joy of entering a warm, honeyed passage of delightful secret flesh for a first time. A little whimper escaped Vera, hinging her thighs as wide as she could get them. With a feeling of supreme elation, Johnnie slowly and firmly slid his stiff shaft deep into the eager orifice, it muscles clutching at it as he pushed his way to the fullest extent into the wonderful secret passage of this delectable female

Vera moaned with undiluted pleasure as she felt the warm column slip into the welcoming folds, stretching them, the free flowing juices lowering any resistance to its journey to the depths of her femininity. As the cock began to slide in and out, with deep thrusts, her moans became more intense. Johnnie rode her hard and long.

Eventually, with the constant massaging of her vagina by the hard cock thrusting in and out, Vera's felt her loins starting to boil over once again. They twitched and heaved. She knew she was about to come again. It was a superb feeling. And it was growing. Growing!

The passion became so demanding that Vera had to claw at her clitoris with her fingers, desperately trying to bring the waves of agonising delight, from the very depths of her being, to the square centimetre under her fingers. The cock ploughed into her without mercy, now battering her depths. It was glorious! It was why she lived! To be fucked hard. Nothing else in life mattered anymore - only the sheer ecstasy of being fucked. Her own slender hips had started to lurch up and down on the invading shaft, groin thudding against groin. Her swollen labia clutching eagerly at the stiffness.

Suddenly, Vera felt the volcano stirring. From the pit of her belly, the eruption came to life. Then, quickly, with an almighty crash it struck her. Her thighs jolted and lurched. She screamed her release as the lava exploded time and again, swamping all other feelings. She was breathless with the sheer intensity of it.

Johnnie's tension had also mounted in rhythm with Vera's. Her cry of passion triggered his own release as the sperm burst from his cock into the depths of her soft vagina.

Vera suddenly realised, in a perverse sort of way, that she had secretly enjoyed the gang-bang the previous week. She could not do without sex. As Johnnie withdrew from her, she leaned over his lap to kiss his cock, and fondle it with her lips, suckle it in her mouth, before reluctantly pulling up Johnnie's underwear over it.

In bed that night, she relived all the recent events as she gently masturbated herself to sleep. She visualised the cocks that had penetrated her, that had erupted over her, had conquered her. There was nothing for it, Vera thought, drifting into sleep. She would have to find another man. Someone to fill her vagina with delightfully thick, solid cock. She thought she knew where to find him.