 In the previous story I inadvertently got names confused as I wrote the story while trying to protect the not so innocent. They names are correct in this story.  Sorry for the confusion.

Now back to the action.

We all now had fresh drinks and were sitting naked in the den feeling relaxed from our sexual romp.  We took our previous spots, Steve and Pam on the sofa, Jerry, Kim, and me on the sectional.  As music was softly playing in the background, we chatted a bit, mostly about how we enjoyed being intimate with each other.

Pam asked Jerry if he had been getting laid much since he was a single man.

Jerry said “Nope, I have been too busy with work to pursue anyone and had to take care of business on my own.”

Pam said that she would be glad to help him out if he needed it.

Steve said “She is good at helping out with those needs.”

Pam elbowed him for his comment and said “A girl has to do what a girl has to do to help out a friend in need.”

As we continued with our conversation, Kim excused herself to use the bathroom.  As she left the room, we all watched her ass as she walked away from us.

I said “I love that sweet ass of hers.”
Steve and Jerry gave groans of approval while Pam giggled at them.

Kim finished in the bathroom and came back into the den.  As she walked toward us, her large breasts swayed from side to side.  I said “I love her delicious breasts too.”

Light laughter broke out amongst our friends.  

Kim asked “What’s so funny?”

Pam said “The guys were admiring your tits and ass.”

Kim smiled, stuck a pose that showed us her profile and with one hand she caressed her left breast and the other ran over her ass.  She said “I know hubby likes them and something else too,” as she rubbed a hand over her pussy.  She came over to me and sat on my lap, hugged and passionately kissed me.  

What she did next kind of surprised me.  She broke our kiss, got off of my lap and got on the sectional between Jerry and me.  She leaned towards me, got up on her knees, lowered her head to my lap and took my cock into her mouth.  Her lips and tongue sure felt good on me as she brought my cock back to life.  I looked up towards Jerry and his eyes were fixed on Kim’s ass as he rubbed his dick.  The view must have been awesome.  Kim is on her knees, her ass in the air with her legs parted, exposing her pussy and ass to him.

I heard a moan to my left.  I saw Pam kneeling in front of Steve going down on him too.  I sure liked the view of Pam’s pussy and ass from the rear as Kim worked on me.  Kim moaned as she was sucking me.  I looked down at Kim and saw that the moan was caused by Jerry fingering her pussy.  

After a few minutes, Kim released my cock from her mouth and looked back at Jerry and said “Put it in me.”

Jerry got up on his knees and moved behind Kim as slid his cock into her.  As he slid into her, she let out a deep moan on my dick as she had taken me back into her mouth.  After Jerry worked his cock into her pussy, he started fucking her slow and hard.  As he fucked her, she let my dick fall from her mouth as she grunted with each of his thrusts.  

Pam was now lying on the couch with her head on Steve’s lap still sucking him, but now watching us.  

I wanted to see Kim being fucked from a better angle, so I said to her “Honey, won’t you get on your back.”

Kim moved forward and Jerry released is grip on her hips and they became uncoupled.  As she repositioned herself, she gave me a deep kiss and sat on the sectional.  Jerry was still on his knees and his cock was proudly at attention, glistening with Kim’s juices.  I stood up and got in front of Kim, gently grabbed her legs and pulled her towards me so her butt was at the edge of the cushion.  I lifted and spread her legs wide apart.  Her pussy was gaping from where Jerry was just inside of her.  I moved towards her, held my dick in my hand and pointed it at her opening and slid inside of her.  I slowly fucked her.  Each time my balls rested against her ass, I held that position for a few seconds before I pulled back until the head of my cock appeared.  Kim grabbed Jerry by his cock and pulled it to her mouth.  She had a hard time getting it in her mouth from the side so he straddled her chest and slowly fucked her mouth as I fucked her pussy.  

While it felt great to be inside of Kim, I was in the mood to see her get fucked.  So I withdrew from her and said “Jerry, why don’t you take over.”  I sat on Kim’s right side and held her right leg up as Jerry was getting into position.  I called over to Steve and asked him to hold Kim’s other leg up so Jerry could give her a good fucking.  

Steve was now on Kim’s other side and we held her legs back and open as Jerry lined his dick up with her wide open pussy.  I watch intensely as Jerry’s cock quickly disappeared into Kim’s pussy.  As he slowly fucked her, I could see her labia hugging his shaft, extending down his length as his withdrew, then disappearing as he penetrated her.  As he fucked her, he would go slow for about four strokes and go fast for about six strokes.  This had Kim howling.  Kim looked so sensual as she laid there with her tits rocking back and forth as Jerry fucked her.  Steve leaned over and began sucking one of her nipples.  Kim responded by putting her hand on the back of his head pushing his face into her tit.  The attention from both guys must have put her over the edge, as she loudly had an orgasm.

I felt a tugging on my cock and looked down and it was Pam that was stroking me and then licking my balls and dick.  She then hopped up on me and guided my dick into her pussy.  She pushed her pelvis down on me and began to grind her cock filled pussy while she pulled my face to her breasts.  I sucked on her nipples as she did her magic with her pussy.  I let go of Kim’s leg and took in the sensations of what Pam was doing to me.  Pam now was slowly rising and falling on my dick as she balanced herself by holding my shoulders.  My senses were in overdrive watching Jerry fuck Kim and feeling Pam fuck me.  

Jerry was now holding both of Kim’s legs up while he fucked the shit out her.  She was sweaty and constantly making “uh, uh, uh” sounds as Jerry pummeled her pussy.  She looked like she was having the fuck of her life and loving it.  By the sounds Jerry was making, I thought he was about to cum.  In no time he started grunting and it was clear he was emptying his balls into my wife.  As Pam was still riding my cock, I could see Jerry was about spent.  I thought he was going to collapse.  He let her legs down and pulled out of her.  His cock was covered with their juices.  

As Jerry was moving back to sit on the sectional, Steve said “I need some of that.”

Pam said to Steve “Go ahead big boy, she could use some more cock.”

As Steve got up, Kim repositioned herself on the sectional so she was lying fully supported by the cushions and her feet were toward Pam and me.  As Steve got on the sectional to mount her, she spread and lifted her legs.  I could see her pussy was a wet, slippery, cummy mess.  Steve was now ready for entry.  His hard cock met no resistance as it quickly sunk balls deep into her.  He immediately started fucking her at a fast pace.  His wife and I we only about three feet from them and as both of us continued with our fuck, we watched Steve’s ass cheeks clench and relax and balls bounce off of Kim’s ass as he fucked her.  We could also hear the sloshing sound of her soaked pussy and wet slapping of his balls on her ass as he fucked her.

I lifted Pam off of me and told her to lie on her side.  I positioned her so she could watch Steve and Kim fuck while I fucked her.  I lifted her right leg up and forward and slipped back into her pussy.  I wanted to cum in her the same time Steve came in my wife, so I just started fucking her fast because I figured Steve was pretty worked up and wouldn’t last much longer.  Both of our ladies were going “uh, uh, uh” as we fucked each others wives.  In less than two minutes, Steve and I were cumming in each others wives.  I felt so good to cum into Pam’s hot pussy.  After I came, I stayed inside of Pam and kind of rested on her to catch my breath.
As Steve pulled out from Kim, we could see his cum running out of her pussy down her ass crack.  Steve sat between our ladies breathing heavy and Kim laid there catching her breath.  

Pam reached over to Steve and ran a finger over his cum coated cock.  She did this for about 30 seconds then she pulled away from me and began to clean Steve’s cock with her mouth.  I thought that was awesome, as Kim had never done that to me.  She said to Kim “Your cum cocktail tastes good on my hubby’s cock.”

Kim raised herself on her elbows so she could see what Pam was talking about.  She then motioned to me with her finger to come to her.  I did and she began licking my cum covered dick and told Pam “Yours tastes pretty good too.”   I was shocked!  Kim has never gone down on me after I came in her.  Maybe it was the alcohol, the fucking, or the competition between women, but she licked and sucked my cock clean.  

Once everyone caught their breath, Pam said to Kim “Let’s get cleaned up girl.”  They got up and disappeared in the bathroom.

The guys took the ladies lead and did the same.

Once we all returned, Jerry said that it was time for him to go and thanked us all for a great and memorable night.

Kim and I told Jerry that we hope to see him again sometime.

Since it was getting late, the four of us headed off to bed.  As Kim and I lay in bed, I reflected on the night’s fun and thought about what tomorrow might bring, as we planned on spending the day with Steve and Pam.