 In the confession booth, Ana waited for Father Murphy to hear her confession. Her yellow summer dress on her dark, Hispanic body was a pretty contrast. A slit down the center showed the swell of her breasts and no bra. She wore no panties, either, leaving her smoothly shaven pussy open to the hot air of late summer. Black, open-toed heels with rings completed her attire. She felt sexy, aroused, and sinful.

The downtown Catholic church of Immaculate Conception was a beautiful building, but the air conditioning was not working at all. She began to sweat as she waited, and spoke the words she knew so well.

"I confess to almighty God
and to you, my brothers and sisters,
that I have greatly sinned,
in my thoughts and in my words,
in what I have done and in what I have failed to do,
through my fault, through my fault,
through my most grievous fault;
therefore, I ask blessed Mary ever-Virgin,
all the Angels and Saints,
and you, my brothers and sisters,
to pray for me to the Lord our God."

Then she did it. She stood tall, and easily let the dress fall to the floor inside the booth, where it lightly fell around her high-heels. Closing her eyes, she made herself breathe, and the terror she felt abate.

She had never done anything this bold. Not in a church. Her body gleamed with fine perspiration from the heat, her perfume filling the small space.

Then she heard Father Murphy in the next booth come inside, so she sat down, still naked, and touched herself.

"Bless me, Father, for I have sinned. My last confession was last Saturday."

"Ana, my child," Murphy replied, his voice strong and reassuring, full of vigor that only one in their late 20's or early 30's could show. "What is on your mind, child?"

She could not say it at first. Her mind locked up. Then she willed her voice to work, and the words came out

"My sins are great, father. I have not told everything."

And then she proceeded to tell him everything.

"You know about the one-night stand with a co-worker. I confessed this. But what you don't know is what happened after."

She told Father Murphy about how John Paul Pyke had found the video, and blackmailed her with it. About how he had used her many times for his own pleasure, and then pimped her out one night and let his friends throw a train on her pussy and ass all night.

And then she told him about how she had stopped Pyke, giving herself to Tom Hardy.

"And now I sit naked before you now, Father. For I have done all of these things, to try and get you out of my mind. It is you I lust for more than any other."

There! She had finally confessed her darkest secrets.

"Child, please put on your clothes," he whispered, his voice sounding strained.

"I will not, Father. I will sit her until you kiss me. Just one kiss. I am yours to use as you see fit."

"Ana! You cannot!" he said hoarsely. "You must stop this behavior. Has this, Tom Hardy hurt you?"

"Yes."

"Then you must go to the police!"

"Why? I liked it. That is my shame. My confession. Save me, Father. Help me."

A long silence. She knew what she had done. She was torturing a priest, pushing him backward into the flames of hell. He was struggling. Then he left his booth and came over to hers.

Ana found she was shaking. A thrill went up her spine. What would happen? The church was empty but for the two of them, a rare occurrence.

Father Murphy pulled the black curtain to the side and stared at her. 

She rose to stand tall and straight, and nude before him.

His eyes scanned her body, and she could see the primal lust of a male taking hold of his intellect. He stepped into the booth with her, letting the thick curtain fall behind him.

"Please put your clothes on," he said.

"No! I have loved you since you were an altar boy, and I but a young teenager. All my life you have been the cause of my sinful thoughts!"

He pressed his lips together, his blue eyes seeming to glow in the dim light. Or maybe she only imagined it, for they could barely see each other.

"Saint Aquinas, give me strength," he muttered.

She sensed that his mind was going to win out, that his faith in God would triumph after all. She did not know how she sensed it, but it was there. He was about to back away, but she seized him, and kissed him.

That finally broke him, and he pushed her back against the wall, pressing his body against hers. She felt his erection grow, and the thrill of triumph. His mouth engulfed hers, their tongues touched and swirling around each other.

His hands felt up and down her body. He grabbed her ass, her breasts, and then bent down and suckled on a nipple, moaning as he did so.

She had to bite her lips not to cry out moan, already on the brink of orgasm just from this playing alone. She wanted his priestly cock in her so badly, to receive his eucharist of love into her ... to have his baby.

Then he pulled away, and held her firmly back against the wall.

"We will both burn for this," he said hoarsely.

In real life, or in the afterlife, she did not know. In 2017 did they still burn witches? She felt like a witch, a bruja of the llano of New Mexico.

"I don't care. Why would we burn for love?"

"Ana! I do not love you! Romantic love is an illusion. A modern invention based on sand and mud. I could love you, of that I have no doubt. As a wife. This is lust, Ana, you know this!"

She was crushed.

"You have excommunicated yourself. Your penance will be grave. Get dressed and leave, Ana."

Numbly, her unsated passion now turning to suicidal thoughts, she trembled as she put her dress back on, and then left the booth. Tears slid down her face.

But then anger emerged for a moment, and she turned back to Father Murphy. "I would be your wife, and give up everything."

"Would you? I think not. When you have come to you senses, see me next Friday night in my office for your penance. If you wish to receive the eucharist, you will come. If not, I will file your excommunication with the diocese."

With that, he turned from her and left, as a god might turn their face from one they had created.

--

"What the fuck?" Vice President Lisa demanded of her and Dwayne, sitting next to each other uncomfortably. "You two are fucking. I saw the video from Pyke. Before law enforcement stormed my office and seized everything, and made threats!"

Her face was red with fury, and yet Ana sensed she was powerless, too. Something had happened. Ana was shocked about law enforcement storming the Palace, so to speak.

How much power did Tom Hardy have?

She could not look at Dwayne since he fucked her in her house. She just felt too much shame. But she glanced at him quickly, and saw he was nervous.

"I have no idea what is going on. If you don't have any evidence, I'm not admitting to anything," he said.

"I saw it, Dwayne!" Lisa stormed. "Just because it's gone now doesn't change a fucking thing! Why did you record it?"

He said nothing. But Ana wanted to know, and for once in her life became bolder.

"Yeah, Dwayne, why did you record it? Bragging rights? Who have you shown?"

"I know this conversation is being recorded. Do you really think I'm going to admit to anything? You got nothing, Lisa."

Lisa Morgan stood in a black business suit, white blouse that showed much cleavage, and a short black skirt to show off her legs. Black high-heels, white hair in a bang, intense blue eyes full of deadly intelligence, and a necklace of pearls gave her all of the looks of a sexpot and professional bitch.

She smiled slightly.

"You know I can have you both fired."

"Why? We haven't violated any policies. You're being a cunt, Lisa. And maybe jealous."

Lisa's expression changed, and she twisted her mouth as she thought.

"You're right. I'm the older ... not as youthful as I used to be ... woman here. I miss you, Dwayne. So here is how I'm going to abuse my power."

Ana pushed her glasses against her face, a habit the four-eyed often had, and swallowed. She was making great money for once in her life, and now it could all be taken away.

"I want to see that video for real. You don't know how much it turned me on. I want to see you two fuck."

Ana gaped.

Dwayne chuckled, then looked at Ana. "I know you hate me. I'm sorry. I can afford to lose my job, so don't fire Ana..."

"It's fine," Ana said. "I mean, whatever. I'll do what I have to do. I have bills to pay."

Dwayne looked at her surprised.

Lisa smiled. "You see, Dwayne? You can't admit it, but she liked being used by you. Like you used me. And now you're at my mercy. Turnabout is fair play."

"Good. Let's begin then."

Lisa began to undress, leaving her heels on, and nothing else after a few minutes. She wasn't shy in the least. Her body was tanned and slender. Large, pale breasts with large pink nipples, a shaved pussy but for a patch of blond pubic hair, and a nice ass.

Then she pointed to Ana. "You're next. Get them off, girl."

Ana stood up and did as she was told. What choice did she have? The office had windows, but they faced a garden and they had privacy. The door was locked. She stripped and stood naked, except for her glasses, and hugged herself.

"Now get on your knees and suck his cock," Lisa ordered.

Dwayne was still dressed, but did not resist her getting between his legs while he still sat down, unzipping his kakkis, and getting his dick out. It was already getting hard, and beautiful and thick. SInce it was only the morning still, he was fresh.

She took him into her mouth, and down her throat with more eagerness than she had liked.

Lisa got behind her, and Ana felt her hands sliding over her pussy lips and ass, feeling her sensitive places. A finger slowly slid into her.

"You are wet, Ana."

She began to finger her while she went down on Dwayne, who in turn began to grab her hair and guided her. He began to moan, and his pleasure made her wetter.

Ana was no longer an inexperienced ninny at this. Her hand on his shaft, rubbing his cock up and down as she sucked on it, and her other hand playing with his balls spilling out of his pants, she was getting the job done.

Lisa used two fingers in her pussy, and she moaned louder as she gagged on cock.

"Sit on his cock, now. Backwards, facing me," Lisa ordered.

Ana complied, standing up, turning, and then sitting back on Dwayne. He held his sock stiff while she sat on it, feeling her pussy lips parting for his girth, and groaned as she took it all into her. He closed his legs slightly while she spread hers completely, showing Lisa herself being penetrated.

Lisa's eyes gleamed with lust, and now on her hands and knees, she brought her head between both their legs and began lick her clit and his shaft sliding in and out of her.

The sensation was unlike anything she had ever imagined, and she had to bite her arm to keep from crying out. Dwayne grabbed her tits from behind her, and kissed her neck, his cock as hard as a rock now.

Looking down, Ana watched as Lisa went down her, subservient and willing, and also took Dwayne's nuts into her mouth to suck on them. Back and forth she went with her tongue, pleasing them both.

Her mouth parted as she looked down, watching the sinful details. Lisa looked up and smiled, her mouth and chin glistening with sex and saliva, and then started suckling hard on Ana's clit.

Her orgasm was like an earthquake, and then a tsunami, a rippling wave that went up and down her body.

Dwayne came a moment later, gushing deep into her pussy, and making her come again. He moaned in her ear as he came, his body shuddering behind hers, his grip on her tits painful.

Lisa began licking and scukling the sperm at once that gushed around his shaft. When his penis came out, she sucked the cum out of her pussy as well.

Ana was stunned, shamed, and excited all at once. This had been a totally different experience. Lisa's mouth felt so good on her pussy as it lovingly sucked the cum out of her, until there was none left.

Then Lisa sat down in the chair and spread her legs. "Your turn, Ana."

Without hesitation, Ana did as she was told and got to all fours, and then began licking and suckling on Lisa's smooth pussy. It was strange seeing a different pussy than her own. It was fleshier, her clit larger and easy to suck on, but not unappealing. She didn't smell or taste bad at all.

Lisa gasped, and shuddered, and squirmed as she did her duty.

"You've eaten pussy before?"

"No, ma'am," she replied.

Dwayne was not done, and got behind her while she was on her hands and knees, and entered her again. The feeling of his cock going into once more felt so good. He stroked it slow and nice, not as hard as he was before, but slowly getting there.

Being fucked helped her go down on Lisa with all she had, losing herself to the world of Sodom and Gomorrah. Dwayne proved to have staying power, and got harder. He grabbed her waist and began pounding.

"Uh huh, my turn, Dwayne," Lisa said, pushing Ana's face away.

Dwayne pulled out of her, and then went to Lisa on his knees, his cock even with her pussy, and then pressed it into her. Dwayne began fucking his boss, making the chair creak with each thrust.

Ana just lied on her side and watched, unsure what to do in this threesome. But then they repositioned themselves, and Dwayne sat on the chair while Lisa sat on him facing out. With one finger Lisa got Ana to do exactly the same thing she had before.

Ana obliged, on her hands and knees she began licking and suckling her clit, and the cock sliding in and out of her faster and harder. She took his balls into her mouth, just as Lisa had. She was a good little girl. Lisa ran her hands through her hair, and then gripped her hair firmly.

Lisa gushed with orgasm as Dwayne surprisingly came again, exploding into his boss with groaning ecstasy. Semen burst around his shaft and out of Lisa's pussy, and Ana lapped it all up like a dog.

When Dwayne's soft penis slipped out of her cum-filled pussy, she sucked his cum from Lisa, and then suck it off of Dwayne as well.

"Clean it up. We don't want any evidence of cum. Swallow it all, Ana."

Then they all casually got dressed, though Ana felt shame, and a sense of being used. Her pussy tingled just thinking of it being fucked and sucked on at the same time. A new experience. An amazing one.

--

Ana had begun her two mile jog around the UNM Golf Course every day for lunch. Changing into yoga shorts and a sports bra, she at first had felt too naked to go into public like that.

But she also fantasized about jogging naked, and what it would look like to others. She had already pushed the limits of her values, exploring her sexuality in new ways she never thought she could, that putting on thin black yoga clothes proved not to be so difficult.

Dwayne had begun joining her, a grin on his face as always.

"Looking good, Ana."

"Hello, Dwayne," she replied.

And strangely enough, they began to compete to see who would complete the Golf Course loop first. Sweltering in the hot summer sun, each day became a little more vigorous as she attempted to beat the older man. Had it not been for the great cottonwood and oak trees around the path, she's not sure she would have survived.

"So why did you record us having sex, you creep?" she finally asked.

He paused from jogging, placed his hands on his knees to catch his breath and rest, and smiled up at her.

"It's my thing. I don't watch movies, or TV. But I love to relive my sexual conquests. Some of my girlfriends love to watch it, too."

She reddened at this.

"So who else has seen me?"

"Close friends and lovers. We are discrete, however. We all have videos of each other. I'll send you my collection."

She didn't know what to say to that. She was getting angrier, but then the offer of seeing other people have sex had a sudden appeal to her.

"But your phone got hacked by John Paul, and now everyone knows."

He shrugged. "I'll have to be more careful. A regrettable mistake, I swear. He was a cocky sonofabitch. Damn good at his job, though."

They started jogging again, and she found herself liking Dwayne again, despite this new development in Kink Life.

"How about a friendly competition," Dwayne said. "If I win this round, you give me your ass to fuck."

Her pussy literally got wet just thinking about it. Her anus quivered slightly at the thought. But she did her best to look indignant. "And what do I get if I win?"

"Anything you like."

"A salary increase, if I'm going to be a whore for the university. Another thirty thousand annual added."

"Fifteen," he replied.

"Twenty," she counter offered.

"Deal. I get your ass everytime you lose. And you get a raise if you beat me. There has to be a limit, tho. By the end of the year?"

"Deal. Tuesday's and Thursday's we race for lunch break, yes? Two mile loop around the Golf Course only. We start next week. You better be here."

She thought about it. Sounded reasonable.

"Alright. But once I win, that is it."

--

Motivated now, she ran every day for lunch, and every afternoon, until she was exhausted. She still wasn't comfortable going to the gym, which all University staff got to use for free. Despite all that had happened, showering in front of other women sounded too scary.

She had hated it in high-school when she had been too thin, and too flat-chested early in life, and had been mercilessly bullied. So running around the golf course to train was better.

Beating Dwayne at something had become an obsession. She wanted to prove to herself she could best him at something after what he had pulled at her house. She liked him and despised him at the same time. And now that Father Murphy had rejected her throwing herself at him, Dwayne seemed like a good substitute to satisfy her sins.

Pyke and his friends were just unleashing their frustration against her. A situation that would have gotten uglier. She wondered what Tom Hardy had done to get rid of him? She would have to pay for that service.

She was ready for their first contest, and confident she had a chance. He grinned at her as they met at noon in the summer heat, already sweating like gringos normally did.

"Ready gringo?"

"I'm ready, senorita."

They began jogging, knowing that pulling ahead or going too fast too soon would not be wise. Evenly paced, yet faster than normal, they ran next to each other. He hung back as if to watch her ass jiggle in her yoga shorts.

They ran and ran, and it seemed like two miles was forever. Then towards the end he increased his speed to get ahead of her. She increased hers. The race was on for real now.

Getting closer to the end, she gave it all she had and pulled ahead of him. She was tempted to trip him.

He was hot on her trail however, and then when her heart was about to burst, he pulled ahead of her in an incredible sprint of athletic superiority, defeating her far too easily.

She staggered out of breath towards him, then turned and fell towards the edge of the soft, green grass, and collapsed.

"Pendejo," she muttered.

"You ready?"

Alarmed, she looked up at him, the sun glaring down and making her squint. "Ready for what?"

"Anal sex. I know plenty of places hidden from view on campus."

"What? I thought you meant tonight after work!"

"Have you got fucked in the ass before?"

"That is none of your business."

He wasn't having any of it, and with grin got her walking across the golf course towards a maintenance building.

"Dwayne! Not until tonight!"

"Well you should have made that part of the deal. I want my reward now."

"Pinche pendejo!"

They went in through a garage, and Ana wondered if anyone was there. No sign of life yet. He took her into a dark corner behind a tractor mower and other equipment.

"We need lube," she said.
