 The remainder of our weekend after Jenny left was relaxing. Vic and I spent the rest of the day lounging by the pool, tanning and fucking. We had a bottle of wine with dinner and adjourned to the hot tub for a while before finishing up with a relaxing screw in bed.

Monday morning I was up early and out of the house just as Vic was getting up. She gave me a kiss at the front door, naked, before heading back upstairs to get ready for her own day. The day was hectic at the office, as most Mondays are, while we catch up with the business world following the weekend. I had planned on getting out of the office for lunch, but even that didn't work out. Eventually I was the last one in the office so I decided to head home around seven. 

Driving home my mind turned to my new favorite thing, fucking my two sluts. I knew Vic was already home and I reminded myself to have Jenny come over as well. Turning on to my street I pulled out the wireless remote that controlled the vibrating Ben Wah ball that I had told Jenny to keep in her. Approaching her house I flipped it on and turned it on to its highest setting hoping it would reach that far. I turned into my drive way, opposite where Jenny lived with her parents. Parking my suburban I wandered over to the front door, casting a glance at the house across the street to see if Jenny was coming over. Seeing nothing I opened the front door. Waiting for me right inside the foyer, right where I wanted was Vic. She was completely naked and on her knees. Her long blonde hair hung around her shoulders, just brushing her perky round tits with their beautiful pink nipples. Vic had her knees spread apart so I could see her bald pussy and her round puffy outer lips. "Yay you're home, finally!" She said happily, flashing me a big grin.

"There's my beautiful slut! Man I am glad to see you! It's been a long day!" I said standing in front of Vic looking down at her. 

"I know what you mean. I was busy all day as well." Vic replied unbuckling my belt and pulling my semi hard cock from my pants. "Mmmm I have been thinking of this all day!" Vic stroked my rapidly hardening member a couple times before sucking my cock into her hungry mouth. "Mmmmhmmmm!" She hummed happily, slobbering all over my dick bobbing up and down on it. 

"Fuck your mouth feels so good!" I groaned letting Vic worship my cock. Vic bobbed up and down taking my dick deeper until she was deep throating it every couple strokes. 

I was about to stop her and head in so I could fuck her when the doorbell rang. Vic froze her lips three quarters of the way down my shaft and looked up at me with a quizzical look. "That should be Jenny." I told her. Pulling my dripping cock from her mouth and opened the door. Standing on my front door step was Jenny.

My eighteen year old petite Asian neighbor turned slut was naked and holding her clothes in one hand. Her silky long black hair was done up in a simply pony tail, while her golden skin seemed to glow. Her B cupped breasts stuck straight out from her chest capped by erect dark brown nipples. There was a gap between her legs and a bald pussy sitting between them, the contours of her outer lips barely visible. She was trembling slightly crossing her knees every so often. I was puzzled for just a second before I remembered the ball I had set vibrating in her pussy. Grabbing the remote from my pocket I flipped off the power and Jenny relaxed with a deep breath. Jenny flashed me a sexy smile and seeing my dick sticking out and Vic on her knees she said "Yay I made it just in time!"

"That you did." I agreed holding the door for her.

"I was just finishing dinner with my parents when I felt the ball start vibrating inside me. I just about came right there! Luckily we were just cleaning up so I was able to come over right away." Jenny told Vic and me. She knelt down beside Vic and gave her a big kiss. Looking up at me when I joined them again, she added "I have been craving your awesome cock all day!" Jenny stroked my dick and the started enthusiastically sucking me. 

I let my Asian slut have her fun for a minute before pulling everyone to their feet and heading in to the great room. Vic and Jenny started making out and lay down on the couch with Jenny pinning Vic down by lying on top of her. While the two sluts swapped spit, I took my clothes off and joined them on the couch. Stating with Vic I fucked their pussies in turn, switching from one tight hole to the other every minute or so. While I alternated fucking Jenny and Vic they sucked and played with each other's nipples, until after several minutes I was able to bring them both to orgasm. The vice like grip of Vic's pussy finally sent me over the edge. I pulled out and came all over Vic's heaving chest. Jenny was quick to suck up all my cum off her fellow sluts firm tits before sharing it with Vic, swapping it back and forth in their mouths.

After we all recovered Vic got up to and went to finish getting dinner sorted out. Jenny offered to help, but Vic said she was fine and it would be only a few minutes. She told Jenny to go keep me company. Jenny came back over to join me dropping to her knees and sucking my cock clean and within no time I was hard again. I pulled Jenny up on to my lap she straddled my legs sinking on to my dick. Jenny rode me for a couple minutes while I played with her tits. I got bored with fucking her wet pussy so I turned her around with her back to me so she could ride my cock with her ass. Vic finished getting everything ready and came out to join us. She licked Jenny's pussy until she came loudly. Pulling my cock from Jenny's little asshole Vic cleaned me off with her mouth, sucking me vigorously until I came in her mouth. Vic swallowed my cum in one gulp and told us dinner was ready.

Jenny had already eaten so she spent most of the time under the table sucking my cock back to life and teasing Vic's pussy. Once Vic and I were finished Jenny offered to clean up everything and told us to go relax. Leaving Jenny to the cleanup I led my blonde slut outside to the patio. Vic sat on one of the lounge chairs and finished sucking me back to full strength. Turning her around on the chaise lounge I put her on her hands and knees and fucked her doggy style. I alternated between using her pussy and her ass, switching every couple minutes. Jenny came out to join us bringing three glasses of wine just as I was cumming deep in Vic's ass and Vic was screaming in orgasm. Pulling out I offered my cock to Jenny who put down the glasses and cleaned my dick off with her tongue before doing the same with Vic's ass.

By that time I needed a break so the three of us hit the hot tub to relax for a bit. When we had finished our wine an hour later it was getting late and my two sluts were getting frisky again. Jenny was staying over again so I suggested we go upstairs to the bedroom for another fuck session before turning in. 

Once upstairs in the bedroom Vic pushed me playful on to the bed and straddled my face. Jenny straddled my cock and started to ride me, while Vic lowered her pussy on to my mouth. The two of them made out while playing with each other's tits. I let the girls control things and I just focused on licking the pussy in front of me. Vic and Jenny traded places taking turns riding me and having me lick their slits. Both of them managed to cum at least once before, after a long leisure fuck I emptied my balls all over their faces. Vic and Jenny cleaned my cum up off each other eagerly, swallowing everything. We all then collapsed in bed, exhausted for the night.

The next morning, Tuesday, I woke up at my normal early hour and had to disentangle myself from the mass of naked flesh. A naked Jenny stirred when I got up, but I told her to go back to bed. She nodded sleepily and rolled over to spoon with Vic. I showered and put a suit on for the day, I headed down stairs, but not before giving each of my beautiful sluts a kiss and playing with their tits. Grabbing some coffee and a light breakfast I was out the door headed to work before Jenny or Vic woke up.

The day went quickly and I was able to get ahead of things. I was thinking about heading out for lunch when Vic texted me to see how I was. I asked if she was free for lunch, but she said no she was tied up, but feeling horny. She did suggest I call Jenny and see if she was available, so I did. Grabbing my desk phone I dialed her up.

"Hello?" The familiar voice asked.

"Hey it's me! What's my slut up to?" I asked.

"Oh! Hi! How are you? I was just thinking about you and Vic. I am not doing anything, just enjoying the day tanning in my back yard. Though I wish I was by your pool with your dick in me!" She added.

"You are just a little horny too? What are you wearing?" I asked.

"My mom is home somewhere so I have a bikini on. Yeah I am just a little horny. I can't wait to come over today!" 

"I am looking forward to that as well. Send me a pic of your bikini." 

"Umm... Ok hold on." She said. I heard some rustling and a minute later Jenny came back on the line. "Ok just sent you one to your cell. I hope you like it. Are you at work now?"

"Yeah this is my office phone if you ever need it." Just then my cell phone buzzed indicating I had a new message. I looked at the message and it was the picture Jenny had just taken. It was a kind of selfie pic taken from above her head at looking down her toned body. Jenny was wearing a skimpy white cloth bikini that contrasted with her golden skin beautifully. The top looked like a crocheted material and the small white triangles were only two inches wide. It was enough to cover her nipples and a little of her firm tits, but not much else. The matching bottoms were tied at both sides with a small triangle covering her smooth pussy. From the angle of the picture I could just make up the looks of a bit of camel toe, where the material was slipping between her pussy lips. "Nice pic! You look sexy as ever, but I prefer you naked still." I said looking at the picture again.

"Thanks, I am glad you like it. I would prefer I was naked as well, preferably with your cock in me." Jenny admitted.

"Well if you're not doing anything why don't you join me for lunch?" I asked.

"Ah sure... What time?"

"As soon as you can be ready."

"Umm... Ok! Where do you want to go?" Jenny asked. I gave her the restaurant name and the rough location. It was a higher end place across town that specialized in Italian food. "Oh I know that place, it's pretty nice. Do you want me to meet you somewhere, or can you come get me? I don't have access to a car." She said.

"Just grab a cab and look for the suburban when you get here. I will take care of the costs for you. You are my slut after all." I told her.

"You know I am!" She giggled. "God I am getting wet. Do you think we can get a quick fuck in?" 

"Yeah we should be able to do that." I assured her.

"Ok! I will be on my way in a bit. I will text you when I leave."

"That sounds good. Wear something sexy." I told her.

"Of course! Ok bye. See you soon!"

"See you!" I concluded, hanging up the phone.

I tried to get back to work, but the sexy pic of Jenny had me getting hard just thinking of her. Eventually I was able to get a little more work done, until half an hour later my cell buzzed again with a message from Jenny saying that she was on the way. I packed things up and left my office, letting my secretary know I was going for lunch and I would be back in two hours. Heading down to the parking lot I hoped in the suburban and drove the few blocks to the restaurant. I got there well ahead of Jenny and found a spot in the back corner of the parking lot. The lot was bordered by two other buildings along the back and the side with the restaurant bordering the third side. I left the spot in the very back corner open and parked the suburban in the spot beside it. It took another several minutes until I saw a cab slowly driving through the parking lot. Getting out I waved and the cab pulled up in front of me blocking the open spot. In the back was Jenny, who flashed me a big smile when she pulled up. I opened the rear door for her and Jenny hopped out. She had a small pink t-shirt that stopped at the bottom of her ribs, exposing her toned midriff. It was buttoned down the front and from the looks of the bumps of her erect nipples, she wasn't wearing a bra. She had what could be called a skirt on, but looked like a really wide belt. It was a strip of black material about nine inches wide that wrapped completely around her hips overlapping just slightly on her left hip. Everything appeared to be done up with a single belt buckle that wove its way through the black material. The whole thing didn't quite cover the bottom curves of her ass when she was standing let alone bending over. "Is this sexy enough?" She asked giggling at me while I stared at her.

"It's perfect!" I replied. I opened the front passenger door and leaned in to talk to the driver. "How much do I owe you?" I asked.

The driver was an older guy, maybe fifty, and about thirty pounds overweight. His hair was balding and graying and he had a shaggy beard that was an inch or two thick. He was wearing and old ratty gray t-shirt that didn't quite cover his protruding stomach. The shorts he was wearing were and equally worn pair of brown cargos. "It's twenty-five fifty. You are a lucky guy." He replied nodding at Jenny. 

"Thanks. Did she give you a show?" I asked counting out thirty dollars and handing it to the cabbie.

"Ummm... No... I wasn't paying attention." He stammered glancing from Jenny to me, trying to gauge my response.

I laughed at the awkwardness. Looking at the ID card on the dash I saw the drivers name was Frank. "Look Frank, Jenny here is my slut. I would be offended if you didn't check her out, especially given what she is wearing." I assured him.

Frank looked relieved. "I see. You are a really lucky guy then. No there was no show." He said.

Turning to Jenny I said. "Why don't you give Frank here a little show? Undo your top for him."

Jenny looked around apprehensively. "Ummmm... Ok." She replied slowly undoing the four buttons of her top. Letting her hands drop to her side, her shirt fell open exposing her bra-less tits. 

"Fuck me! Those are beautiful!" Frank muttered, unable to look away from Jenny's bare breasts.

"I know! They are fantastic!" I agreed, lightly pinching one of her erect nipples making Jenny shiver. "Frank do you mind waiting here while we have lunch and then I will get you to take her home for me?" 

"Ahh... How long do you think you will be?" He asked, still captivated by Jenny's firm tits.

"Well I am going to fuck her here. Then we are going to have lunch. When we're done I will probably fuck her again and then I will get you to drive her home." I said matter-of-factly.

Frank and Jenny were both looking at me now. Frank's mouth was opening and he was stammering something, while Jenny was looking at me nibbling in her bottom lip and playing with her own nipples. "You really are going to fuck her here?" He finally managed to spit out.

"Yeah why not? You can watch if you want. So do you mind sticking around then?" I asked again.

"Ummmm sure. What the hell." Frank replied, still unsure if I was telling the truth.

"Great! Thanks! I guess I should give you a good tip then to make it worth your while. How about I get Jenny to suck your cock now?" I asked.

Frank's eyes looked like they were going to pop out of his head when my offer finally registered in his head. "Ahhhhh..." He stammered.

"Don't worry she is really good. She loves sucking cock, don't you slut?" I asked Jenny.

"God, I love it!" She admitted tweaking her own nipple.

"Well there you go. Hop in the passenger seat and give Frank here a good tip." I told her stepping aside so she could get in the front of the cab. Jenny got in and knelt on the passenger seat and began rubbing Frank's dick through his shorts.

"Fuck me!" Frank muttered unsure what was going on any more, but going along with it. He grabbed the lever for the seat back and reclined his seat allowing Jenny access.

Jenny had to lift his stomach a bit to get the button open and lower the zipper. She tugged down his shorts and finally frank's hard cock popped up from a thick patch of dark pubic hair. His cock wasn't very impressive, maybe four inches even as hard as it was, but Jenny didn't seem to care. She bent over and lowered her head into his lap sucking his cock into her wet mouth.

"Ohhhh fuck!" Franks groaned with pleasure as Jenny swirled her tongue around his entire cock. She swallowed his entire member without any effort and was soon bobbing up and down on it. 

Kneeling on the passenger seat of the cab and bent over like she was, with her face in Frank's lap, put Jenny's tight ass on display. The black belt skirt she was wearing might as well have not been there at all. It had ridden up and her entire ass was bared to me along with the little plum that was her pussy. Jenny was so turned on that I could see drops of pussy juice running down her thighs. I probed her swollen inner lips with my fingers eliciting a low moan from Jenny. She was so wet that my fingers were soaked with in seconds of entering her folds. Removing my fingers I figured that since Jenny's sweet slit was already in the perfect position, I might as well fuck her while she sucked Frank's cock. Undoing my pants I pulled out my solid cock and just pushed it into Jenny's sloppy pussy. Jenny screamed in pleasure around the cock in her mouth as I easily sank the first few inches into her tight wet snatch. Pulling back out I thrust into her and sank my entire cock into her.

Frank obviously wasn't getting any at home, or anywhere else for that matter, because the combination of my slut's wet mouth and me fucking her made his lose it in less than a minute. "Oh my lord!" He groaned out loud, twitching. Putting his hand on Jenny's head he bucked a few times, emptying a full load of cum into Jenny's hungry mouth. Jenny tried to swallow the mammoth load and almost succeeded, but she couldn't keep up with the amount and some started to leak out the sides of her mouth. "Oh god that was incredible!" Frank groaned again when he was done. Jenny finally swallowed all of his cum and busied herself with cleaning the rest of his dick, while I pounded her from behind.

Frank was so excited that his cock never even got soft. Jenny, Being the good slut she was, finished cleaning up the cum she hadn't swallowed and went back to her vigorous blowjob. "Wow I am still hard! Amazing!" Frank moaned, watching Jenny bob rapidly in his lap.

"Having a practically naked eighteen year old slut suck your cock will do that!" I said grunting with effort, my legs making loud slapping noises against Jenny's ass as I fucked her tight pussy. Jenny just moaned louder around her mouthful.

"Oh fuck!" Groaned Frank again, screwing his eyes up with pleasure. 

The whole situation was charged with sexual excitement and I began to get the familiar tingling sensation in my balls so I knew I wasn't going to last much longer. 

Jenny bobbed her head up and down rapidly, easily taking Frank's small dick in her mouth. I saw her left hand move between her legs and start rubbing her tender clit so I knew she was close to cumming. Jenny began to slam herself back against me striving to get as much of my cock in her as possible. She moaned louder and louder while she rubbed her clit in little circles. I could feel her pussy muscles start to spasm squeezing my dick, trying to keep me inside her. Jenny rubbed her clit harder wailing with pleasure around Frank's member, while I fucked her as hard as I could. Seconds later Jenny screamed unintelligibly around Frank and her muscles gripped as she came. 

Frank was beside himself with pleasure. All the vibrations on his dick from Jenny moaning and screaming sent him over the edge. "Oh lord I am cumming again!" He grunted, filling Jenny's mouth yet again. Jenny gagged and coughed, startled by another mouth full of cum. She tried to swallow it all, but couldn't. She spit out Frank's cock and turned her face into a cum covered mess.
