 Ashley Sweet was the most notorious cocksucker in school. It was the worst-kept secret of Jefferson High School that she could be found every Friday afternoon in the alley behind the gym dispensing free blowjobs to any and all bold enough to take advantage of the offer. Since service was on a first come, first cum basis, she was often mobbed by a bunch of horny guys who raced over from their last class for their weekly fix. To speed up the process she generally serviced several at once, stroking one guy while sucking another; often, those waiting their turns passed the time wanking their dicks a few feet away. From what I heard she sucked cock for exactly one hour; when time was up she stopped, leaving her customers hanging in whatever state they had been. Modesty certainly wasn't one of her biggest concerns – at least, from what I'd heard.

The funny thing about Ashley was that she appeared to be one of the nicest, most decent girls in school, and also one of the most intelligent. (She graduated fourth in her class, I think.) The whole time I was in school I hardly talked to her, and certainly didn't consider her a friend. But semester after semester she ended up in the same classes as me, and I kept wondering if anyone so pretty, so sweet (her last name actually was Sweet, for God's sake!), could possibly be the same person everyone talked about – whether she could really be as slutty everyone said she was. Well, that summer I found out she could.

My name is Nick. You may remember me from my first story, about a girl named Julia whom I loved (and still love) very much. What you should also know about me and Julia, and what I declined to mention at the end of that story, is that neither of us considered our relationship monogamous – or, for that matter, really a relationship at all. We fucked, and we were friends (best friends, in fact), but we didn't want to date and were perfectly accepting of outside flings. Which was fortunate. Six months before graduating I had been a virgin; now, in the middle of summer, I was doing my best to sample every pleasure I could. Still, a residual crust of shame clung to my conscience: in school, I'd never worked up the courage to make it out to Ashley's little corner behind the gym, and now I was still a little wary of her attentions when the events described below transpired. But first let's step back a little.

When I was still in school, one of my friends, Jake, was a frequent patron of Ashley' oral services and often tried to get me to come along. Hence the following exchange, on a Friday three weeks from graduation:

"It'll be fun," Jake said. "Just this one time."

"No, man. You go alone."

"C'mon. Just once?"

I was adamant. In my senior year I was dating a certain Chrissy. At the time I thought I liked Chrissy and was faithful to her. Still, Jake's entreaties were mighty tempting, and all the rumors tended to arouse my naturally curious nature. I wondered what exactly were the limits of fidelity. Hence another exchange, the Friday after the one related above.

"Just one blowjob," Jake said. "Chrissy won't mind."

"I think she might," I said.

"You're missing out. She's the best. I bet Chrissy doesn't even go down on you, does she?"

This was true. It was also true that it was something I dearly wanted to try. Still, my monogamy held. Hence another Friday exchange – the last Friday, my very last day in school.

"This is your last chance, man. She's graduating – it's the end of a fuckin' era, man. You gotta go, just this one time."

"Fuck, Jake, how many times do I have to say no?"

"Alright. So you you really don't want a blowjob. Why don't you just come and watch, then? That's not cheating or anything."

"Watch?"

"Yeah. Even if you don't want to join in it's definitely worth seeing."

I thought about this for a moment. Chrissy would probably not be terribly pleased at the prospect; nonetheless, if I kept my pants zipped and my mouth shut I could enjoy an entertaining spectacle without her ever having to know. Why not?

"Okay," I said. "I'll watch, but I'm keeping my distance."

We walked out behind the gym. I felt a weird weight in the pit of my stomach as we approached a crowd of boys – at least a dozen, maybe more. All of them were circled around a single point, a point that, from a distance, remained invisible.

"Is it always this crowded?" I asked.

"No," said Jake. "It must just be because it's the last time. Fuck, I hope I can get some."

We pushed our way through the crowd. I managed to glimpse a few people I knew from class – the shock of recognition was a little much. To think that these kids, many of them every week, would go straight from trigonometry or history to this! The atmosphere was oddly festive – grins, laughs, and in-jokes. Almost like an ordinary session of hanging-out, if it weren't for the occasional hard penis sticking out of unzipped jeans. I don't suppose this sort of thing happens at every high school, and even knowing exactly what to expect didn't quite dissipate the air of unreality.

I gasped. In the middle of the circle, with a little space cleared around her, Ashley Sweet was kneeling in front of a guy. Her knees rested on a helpfully provided sweatshirt. From my angle I could only see the guy's back and the side of Ashley's head as it bobbed in front of his crotch; his jeans were slipping down his thigh, while his boxers seemed to be pulled down only in the front. The man was moaning. He began to shake – I was afraid his knees would buckle and he'd fall down, in fact. But no: he kept his balance, even continuing to thrust forward until his moans finally subsided.

"Fuck," he said.

With that he stepped backwards. His big cock, wet with saliva, slid out of Ashley's succulent red lips – the same lips I'd seen in class so many times under such different circumstances. She even seemed to be smiling. A trail of cum seeped over her lower lip. She licked it up. The man, I was shocked to see, was my friend Brian. His face was glazed over. Another guy, someone I didn't recognize, stepped out of the crowd, dick in hand. Without wasting a second he shoved it in Ashley's mouth. Again, I was shocked – so shocked, in fact, I didn't even notice the rising erection straining against my pants. Ashley, though, took it in stride, soon settling into a steady rhythm as she sucked him while simultaneously cradling his balls in one hand. Someone else stood at her side as she jacked him off. In this new angle I was able to see everything – able to see the thick shaft as it disappeared in her mouth, able to see her lips pursed around it, able to see the bulge where the head of his cock pressed against her cheek. Her blond hair flowed around her pretty cheekbones.

And then something else happened, something even more unsettling. Ashley's eyes caught mine. With a cock filling her mouth it was of course difficult to make out her expression, but she seemed pleased to see me. She seemed, in fact, to be beckoning me to stay – beckoning me with those gorgeous blue eyes.

"Pretty good, huh?" Jake said, smiling.

The spell was broken. I felt an intense and sudden shame.

"Uh, yeah. I. . . I think I better go, Jake."

"What? Leaving already?"

"Yeah, well, yeah, my parents are expecting me back."

"Whatever, man," he cried out as I hurriedly walked away. "But you're missing out."

. . .

That night I was hanging out with Julia, with whom, if I may recall your memory, I was immensely (and secretly) infatuated. We were in her room. I wanted to talk about what had happened that afternoon, but wasn't quite sure how to bring it up. Finally I decided to be direct.

"I went to see Ashley sweet behind the gym today," I said.

"Really? You didn't –"

"No, I didn't. I just watched."

"Wow. Was it like they say?"

"Yeah. But, like, more so. Um, I don't really know what that means. I guess when I imagined it it just didn't seem as real."

"Well, obviously. It wasn't real."

"Yeah, I know, but I mean it never really struck me that this was something that was really going on. Before it was more like a fairytale, or, like, an urban legend."

"You sound traumatized."

"No, not traumatized. Just a little unsettled. I'll get over it."

There was a pause.

"Did you like it?" she asked.

"Like it? I don't know . . ."

"Did it turn you on?"

I hesitated.

"Yeah. It did. But I wasn't even really thinking about it. It was a little too shocking. And besides, there's Chrissy."

I never liked mentioning Chrissy around Julia. But right now I needed a way out, and she was the only ace I had in the hole.

"Yeah, that's true," she said. "Are you going to tell her?"

"No. I don't see any reason to. In fact, I don't see any reason why I shouldn't forget it entirely."

. . .

And that, for a while, is what I tried to do. Of course I failed immediately – that very night I jacked off in my bathroom to the memory of Ashley sucking away. But time passed, and things started changing rapidly. School was over. Things finally got good with Julia – again, let me refer you to "Julia, My Camera, and Me" for that particular episode of my life – and I broke up with Chrissy (the less said of this the better). Sexually speaking, I was become more and more adventurous (as, fortunately, was Julia). But through it all the image of Ashley Sweet's eyes looking at mine as she sucked that cock remained seared in my mind.

So it was that I responded with a little bit of a start when, on another Friday about two months after graduation, I found myself sitting next to her in the back seat of Jake's car. Jake was driving; another mutual friend, a certain Mike, was riding shotgun. They'd called me earlier to ask if I wanted to go to the beach. They did not, however, tell me that Ashley would be coming along. She was dressed appropriately for the weather in a light blue tank-top (one that displayed her generous cleavage quite well, if you must know) and a denim miniskirt – she looked cute as a button. What caught me most, however, was her face, and especially her eyes. Here again I saw the same adorable smile (with just a hint of perversity) and the same beckoning blue eyes.


"Hey! Nice to see you again, Nick!" she said.

"Oh, yeah," I stumbled. "Nice to see you, too."

"I was sorry you didn't stick around last time we met."

I couldn't believe she was being so forward.

"Yeah, well, I had to go. You know, because of. . . stuff. . ."

She giggled.

"Well, don't worry about it. You're here now, after all." She smiled again.

I was wearing just a t-shirt and swim trunks and feared greatly that Ashley might stir my dormant cock to noticeable erectness. I pressed my legs together.

"We're going to Ashley's house," Jake said. "It's on the beach."

"Yeah, it's a real nice, deserted place," Brian said.

"Oh." I said. "Okay."

"You don't mind, do you?" Ashley asked.

"No, of course not," I said. And I meant it.

Naturally I didn't care nearly as much about the appearance of my male companions as I did Ashley's, but for the sake of my narrative I'll relate it as best I can. Jake was tall, with longish blond hair – a consummate surfer dud. Mike was a little shorter and thicker, though equally muscular (a little more so than myself, if truth be told), also with blond hair, but cut relatively short. We arrived at our destination after a few minutes driving.

Her house was, indeed, on a gorgeous stretch of beach. I couldn't help thinking of the house where Julia and I hooked up for the first time. We parked the car, got a brief tour of the building (kitchen, bathroom, living room with new foosball table), and headed for the water. Ashley changed into a bikini. Her previous outfit was hardly a model of modesty – in fact, the actual new skin area exposed in the change may have been fairly minimal – but the effect was distinctly novel. Now, I've said before that Julia was, and has always been, the most beautiful woman I know. This is true. But Ashley had a different sort of appeal, something much more, well, more vulgar. Her ass was nice and round, tucking up between above legs with a gorgeous little curve, with tits big and round enough to match. There was just a slight pleasing roundness to her belly. Some girls you can tell were just made for fucking, and Ashley was one of them. I think she knew it, too. Ashley wasn't tall – one might even have called her petite – but she carried herself with a sort of insouciant bounce that threw her curves into precisely the right relief. Her skin was a light, natural tan, the kind of tan, I assumed, one developed by living on the beach. If Julia might reasonably impersonate a goddess, Ashley was a nymph – or, more likely, a nympho. I strained mightily to keep my cock at rest.

Even in August in southern California the water stays pretty cool. Without wetsuits we felt chilled after about an hour, so we went back inside and took turns in the shower, washing off the salt. Ashley was the first in, while I was the last; when I stepped out of the shower (wrapped only in a towel) Mike and Jake were playing foosball in the living room. They were both wearing swimtrunks with no shirts. Ashley, somewhat to my disappointment, had gotten dressed, though her miniskirt and tank-top still left plenty to be admired. She was standing just outside the shower. Her skin still had that radiant post-shower glow.

"You wanna play foosbal?" she asked.

I shrugged.

"Me neither," she said. "Hey, wanna see my room?"

"Sure. Shouldn't I put on some pants or something?"

"Nah, don't bother." She paused a second, as if thinking. "Wait, actually, I'll be back in just a minute."

She scurried off to her room, leaving me more than a little confused. But she was back in less than a minute, and I soon forgot the interruption.

"Okay, let's go," she said.

We walked to her room. It was a nice little corner of the house, painted light green with matching bedsheets. There was a big mirror by the foot of the bed and also a TV with a VCR. We sat on the bed. She didn't bother to close the door – the sounds of foosball wafted in from the living room. Ashley, I gathered, was not a fan of subtlety – I figured she probably had a very specific purpose in leading me to her room. Even though I hardly knew her I felt oddly comfortable in her presence. I was beginning to get an erection.

"I haven't see your parents around," I said.

"They're out of town for the weekend," Ashley said. "I thought I'd take advantage of it and have a few friends over."

"I didn't know you were friends with Mike and Jake. I was sorta surprised to see you in the car."

"We're friends, yeah. But today, well," – she giggled – "they just sorta picked me up on the corner. I told them they could come to my house if they wanted, and, guess what, they did. Wanna guess what I did before we picked you up?"

"What?"

"I gave them both blowjobs. In the backseat, on the street."

My cock twitched. I was sure it was visible pressing against the towel.

"That seems to be your favorite hobby," I said.

"Uh-huh. I like it. A lot. I was pretty excited when I saw you that one time, on the last day of school. I thought I'd finally get to see if – well, see if it was true."

"I don't really know what you mean."

"Chrissy said you had a big dick."

I blushed and smiled nervously. She was looking into my eyes, just inches away.

"Well, there's no accounting for opinion, is there?" I said.

"I still wanna find out."

It was inevitable. She leaned over to me. Her lips met mine. As we kissed I felt her hand slip down my stomach, over my abs, my navel, down to where the towel was wrapped tightly around my waist. We still kissed. Her fingers slipped under the towel, through the wet curls of pubic hair, till they met the shaft – the shaft that was already rock-hard with anticipation. She stroked me, sending shivers through my body.

Ashley loosened the towel. My cock sprung free. She stopped kissing me to get a look.

"Wow!" she exclaimed. "It is true, isn't it? Julia's a lucky girl, isn't she?"

"If you say so," I said.

"Do you think she'd mind?" Her fingers wrapped around the shaft.

"No. We're not dating. I mean, we're not monogamous."

She stroked me more, now harder, faster. Ripples of pleasure spread from where her fingers met my shaft.

"In fact," I said, "she'd probably like hearing about this."

"Then you don't think she'd mind if I did this, either?"

She laid my back on the bed and scooted down between my legs. Her tongue flicked along the underside of my cock.

"No," I said, "I don't think she'd mind at all."

She circled the head of my cock with her skilled tongue. Once she was done teasing the tip she finally engulfed my cock in her mouth, managing to fit all of it in with a single gulp – something I hardly expected. Much practice had undoubtedly taught her how to please a man, and I dare say she was doing a damn fine job of it. I nearly came right then.

Ashley, of course, didn't want that. Maybe behind the gym she'd tried to suck people off as quickly as possible, but now, on her own time, she seemed a model of patience. She enjoyed drawing out my pleasure as best she could, prolonging it, bringing me almost to the brink and then pulling back, keeping me forever just barely on the edge of orgasm. It was almost more than I could take.

"God, that's good," I whimpered.

She gave me a few more sucks, then raised her head.

"Let's try something a little different now," she said, smacking her lips.

She turned around on the bed. Instantly I knew what she had in mind. Her legs were on either side of my face, her mouth backwards over my cock. She flipped her skirt up over her ass, revealing, to my surprise, not only that she wasn't wearing underwear but that her pussy was shaved silky-smooth except for a soft strip of blond fur along the top. In a moment we were locked in what they call sixty-nine.

Her pussy was already quite wet, and not just from the shower. Giving blowjobs evidently was something she enjoyed very much. I teased her just a little at first, just running my tongue around the soft flesh of her pussy, teasing the outer folds without touching the most sensitive spots within – a little revenge for the torment she had put me through a few minutes earlier. My tongue slid easily between the lips, lubricated by the slick wetness of her arousal. She murmured with pleasure as she sucked my cock.

I finally licked straight down the middle of her pussy, bottom to top. She gasped with pleasure. I lapped up and down, making sure to brush her clit at the end of each lick. After a while I transitioned to pressing my whole tongue against her pussy and quickly vibrating it from side to side – a technique I've found can often reduce a woman to a quaking mound of jelly in no time flat. She, in return, sucked my cock down to the very base. She was, I had to admit, giving me the best blowjob I'd ever had – even today, after accumulating many more to compare it by, I still consider it one of the best. She somehow managed to suck me deep down her throat and to use her tongue effectively at the same time, producing a sensation unlike any I'd felt before – not even Julia could match it. I thought I'd come too quickly, but as it turned out Ashley beat me to it.

"Mmmm, mmmff!" she moaned.

Her ass shook in the throes of orgasm. I kept licking her, pressing my tongue even harder against her clit. Her juices dripped over my mouth. Her oral efforts, meanwhile, had brought me to the tipping point as well. Almost as soon as her orgasm was over, I felt my balls tighten. My cock began to spasm.

"Oh, God. . ." I moaned.

Ashley just kept sucking – sucking me harder and deeper, if that was possible, even than before. Wave after wave of cum shot into her mouth – and, as far as I could tell, she swallowed every drop, not letting me go until the very final twitches had subsided. When in was all over she finally rolled off me.
