 I was late when I walked into the video store. Adult videos lined the shelves along the walls. On the east wall was a dark hallway that led to video booths and a door that said "PERSONEL ONLY." Inside a glass counter were several dildos and vibrators along with other novelties. I expected to see the place packed, but there was nobody else there except the girl at the counter. She had her elbows resting on the counter as she looked through a magazine. I didn't come in here much but she looked familiar. I think her name was Jill.

She had black, short hair that hung just over her eyes. Long earrings dangled from her lobes and she had a pierce in her lip and one in her nose. She wore a tight, black tank top that barely covered her breasts. 

As I walked by she looked up at me and smiled.

"Haven't seen you in here in a while," she said.

"I hadn't been coming in much since my girlfriend didn't like this stuff." I could see she was looking at a porn magazine.

"Snuck out?"

"No," I said, trying too see what she was looking at. "I dumped the bitch."

"Good for you. Porn's good for the soul." Jill spun the magazine around so I could see the picture. It was a naked woman touching herself. "It's a good one. She's all shaved."

She must have seen the surprised look on my face. "So what, I like pussy!"

"No worries," I said. "It's hot." This brought a smile to her face. "I'm surprised there is no one here."

"Are you kidding? It's a Tuesday night. It's always dead. That's why I like this shift—no creepy guys."

"Or anybody for that matter."

"So what can I help you with?"

"I don't know. I'm tired of the same old shit. Have any good suggestions?"

The door opened taking our attention. A hot blonde walked into the store. She wore a white shirt and a tight, white skirt. She walked straight to the Lesbian section.

"It's your lucky day," whispered Jill. "She only comes in about once a month." 

I started to say something but the blonde came up to the counter with a movie. She hardly looked at either of us, but just threw down a video onto the counter. 'I will watch this one," she said, tossing down some cash.

Jill picked up the cash and stuffed it into the register. "How about lucky booth number six?"

"Whatever," said the blonde. She walked back into the hall where the video booths were.

Jill slid the magazine over to me. "I will be right back. Find some nice tits in here." She walked through the PERSONEL ONLY door. I flipped through the magazine and after a few minutes she came back.

"Hey, you really want to see something different?"

"Hell yea."

"You have to be quiet, really quiet."

"Okay, no problem."

She took me back into the room. She moved some boxes and I could see the blonde in the other room. It was a two-way mirror. The blonde had her skirt pulled up and her hand stuffed into her panties. She gently rubbed herself with one hand and with the other she lifted up her shirt and fondled her tits. They were small and perky and she had large nipples.

"I'd love taste that bitch," said Jill.

I looked over at Jill and noticed for the first time what a hot ass she had. She had pulled up her own skirt. She wore black thong panties that accentuated her round ass. She had her hand stuffed in the front. I could feel my cock getting harder and turned back to the blonde. Her panties were on the floor and she had her finger inside her pussy, sliding it slowly in and out. She picked up her momentum and slipped another finger insider her. My cock was throbbing inside my pants. I took a quick glance at the dark haired girl. She was gently rubbing her clit and licking one of her nipples. The blonde started to moan and before we knew it she was coming. 

"Damn! She's done already. That woman comes fast. Let's get back to the counter."

We hurried back to the counter and I started to flip through the magazine again. My cock was bulging through my pants.

"I guess you liked the show," said Jill, looking at my pants.

'It was awesome."

"Come over here and I will suck your cock."

I walked around the counter and pulled out my cock. She dropped to her knees and went to work. She sucked hard and fast not really caring who came into the store.

"I knew you had a big dick," she said. She cupped my balls in her hand and gently tugged on them. Then she ran her tongue up the shaft to the head and took my whole cock in her mouth. 

To my surprise the blonde come out of the booth. Jill didn't even slowdown. The blonde watched for a minutes, and then walked around the counter. She lifted up her skirt and exposed her shaved pussy. "My turn?"

Jill looked at her in surprise, staring at her pussy. The blonde spread her legs. I pushed Jill's face into the blonde's crotch. Jill licked her eagerly. The blonde pushed her to the floor and sat on her face. Jill was happy to taste her wet pussy. I stuck my cock in the blonde's mouth and she sucked hard and deep. It wasn't long before I felt myself ready to come.

"I'm gonna cumm!"

The blonde sucked harder and emptied my load in her mouth. She groung her pussy in Jill's face and she I could see she was cumming. The blonde stood up and pulled her skirt down. She left without saying a word.

"Damn!," said Jill. I didn't get to cum." She licked the head of my dick. "Mmmmm. See you next week?"

"You bet!"