 Chapter 02: The Club

It had been a week since Victoria, my girlfriend turned wanton slut, and I got back home from the cottage. Since then things between us had changed for the better, the sex was even better and we were almost constantly fucking anywhere and everywhere. Vic was naked all the time when she was at home and was only wore clothes when she went out or, to work. I had brought up that I didn't want her to wear panties at all, but she pointed out that she only wore them while it was her time of the month. The latest thing I instituted was, if she was home before me when I arrived she was to be waiting naked on her knees at the front door and was to suck my cock as soon as I walked in. 

I got home Friday night and parked my suburban in its place off to the side of our curved driveway. As I walked the forty or so feet to the front door, I could see my neighbor's house directly opposite from my own. We had other neighbours on both sides, but there was a substantial distance between us and there were thick trees screening them. I noticed passingly that the people across the street had the lights on the main floor, but only one light on the sconce floor. It was coming from a room above the garage, the only one that had an unobstructed view of my drive way, the front of the house and the front door. I paid it no real attention and headed inside.

Victoria was waiting for me just as I wanted. She was completely naked kneeling on the carpet just inside the front door. Her long blonde hair was hanging down below her shoulder blades and she was staring up at me happily, her sexy blue eyes sparkling. Her firm natural 36C tits jutted out from her chest with no hint of sag, her eraser sized nipples were erect. Vic's flat stomach lead down to her bald pussy which was clearly on display between her spread knees. "Ah, how is my hot slut this evening?" I asked dropping my stuff on the floor and smiling.

"Mmmm welcome home baby! I am good, hungry for this though!" She said reaching for my belt buckle and opening my pants up. Vic grabbed my cock in her right hand pulling it free stroking it a few times. She examined it for a second and then started licking it, first at the tip then the rest of the shaft ending with my balls. She gave me an extensive tongue bath then holding the base of my cock in her hand took the head in her warm mouth. I closed my eyes and let out a loud sigh enjoying the feeling of her mouth and tongue on my dick. She started bobbing her head on my cock stroking it with her hand. Soon my dick was slick with her spit and when she paused to take a breath a thin strand of drool connected her mouth to my cock. I let Vic do her thing and soon she was enthusiastically sucking my entire cock with only her thumb and fore finger holding the base. The next time she stopped to take a breath I grabbed a handful of her long blonde hair and started to fuck her mouth while she played with her clit and pulled at her nipples. As I fucked her mouth harder and harder she was moaning and making gurgling noises around my cock causing vibrations all through it. A minute later and I knew I was going to cum. With one last hard stroke I lodged my cock down her throat and blew my load. She tried to swallow it all, but there wasn't enough room in her little mouth for anything but my cock and some of my cum leaked out the side of her lips. I pulled my dick out of her mouth smearing the last drops of cum on her cheek and chin. Vic looked up at me naked from her knees, her eyes twinkling, and with a finger she began pushing the cum that escaped on her face to her mouth where she swallowed the remainder. "Mmmm yummy!" She said with a sexy smile.

I smiled back down at her and realized that the front door had been wide open for the entire time. I closed the door again noting the same light on in the room above the neighbour's garage, but paid no attention to it. 

Vic and I headed down the hall and into the living room and sat on the couch to relax. Vic grabbed us both a glass of wine and sat in my lap. I was idly stroking her tits when I said "Let's go out for some drinks somewhere later tonight after we eat." 

"Sounds like fun." she said, "Where do you want to go? I heard there is a new club open downtown."

"That will do. Maybe we can find some fun!" I said mischievously and gave her nipple a pinch.

"Can't wait!" She said shuddering with pleasure.

After dinner we showered in the large master walk-in shower and Vic was stroking my cock and soaping my chest. I washed her in return and had two fingers buried in her snatch fingering her. "Ohhhh that feels so good! I love your fingers inside me!" She moaned into my mouth kissing me deeply. "Please fuck me!"

"Not yet! I want my slut nice and horny tonight!" I teased. By the time we had finished showering Vic was ready to explode, but I wouldn't let her cum.

"Ahhh please fuck me! I am your slut, fuck me pleaseee!" She wailed as I teased her engorged clit. "I will do anything you want! Just fuck me!" She begged.

"Not yet and yes you will." I said. I stopped touching her entirely and got out of the shower leaving naked, horny and frustrated. Vic got out of the shower as well and started drying off and doing her hair. "Wear that little white dress you got the other day." I told her.

"Ummm ... Isn't it a little short." She said.

"I know. You said you would do anything, oh and no bra or panties." I replied.

"Ok." she said. Vic finished her hair and makeup and got the dress in question from the closet. She had bought it at a lingerie shop a few days ago. It was a tube dress made of stretchy white cotton that was form fitting. There were no straps or zippers and it was held in place just above her tits by the elasticity of the material and her tits. It barely covered her ass and tended to ride up a little as she walked and if she bent over at all you could see her juicy pussy. The dress was super tight and in certain light was sheer enough that you could make out the colour of her nipples. She added a rhinestone studded body chain and white four inch heels then finally a lightweight leather bomber style jacket.

I drove us downtown in the suburban taking every chance I could to play with Vic's exposed pussy. We reached the club in short order and after the bouncer had one look at Vic he lets us bypass the lineup and head in. It was just after eleven and the bar was already busy and the music was blaring. Vic dropped her jacket of in the coat check while I got us some drinks. I ordered some sort of fruity drink for her while I stuck with a beer along with a shot for each of us. With drinks in hand we wandered further into the club. Every guy we passed turn to check Vic out as she walked by, causing dirty glances from several girlfriends. Eventually we ended up in a dark corner at small bar table not too far from the dance floor. We both did our shot and started to enjoy our drinks. I sat on a bar stool while Vic was standing between my legs with her back to me surveying the area. She seemed to like the loud bass and was soon moving into me with beats. I drank my beer and fondled her ass with one hand. 

"Oh I like this song!" She said as the music changed, "You want to dance?"

"Ah I will pass. You go ahead though. I will grab us some more drinks." I told her.

Vic nodded and moved out onto the dance floor a little ways, while I headed to the bar. I grabbed three drinks for each of us and made my way back to where I left Vic. By the time I got back to our little corner table I could to see Vic dancing surrounded by a group of guys. I caught her attention and she made her way back over to our corner leaving a group of disappointed guys in her wake. Vic danced her way over to me and kissed me deeply on the mouth as she moved between my legs.

"You had a few admirers out there." I said.

"Oh yeah I guess I did." She said blushing "My dress keeps riding up they can probably see my ass."

"Yeah it's great!" I told her.

Vic continued to dance between my legs pressing herself against me while finishing her second drink. I reached down and squeezed her ass just below the hem of her dress causing it to ride up just a bit. Enough that the bottom curves of her ass were now visible but just barely. She was a little ways into her third drink when another song that she liked came on and she went back out to dance. After she got only a few feet away it was hard to see her in the crowd, but I could just make her out. She had attracted the attention of another group of guys who were checking her, but she seemed to pay them no mind. 

When the song ended Vic danced her way back of to me pressing herself up against me and started making out with me. I kissed her back just as hard and I could tell the booze was taking its effect on her. We broke our kiss and she sipped her drink. I ran my hand down her front squeezing her tits a little and tweaking her nipples. When I got to the hem of her dress I reached my hand under and found her moist pussy. I could already feel her getting wet from just being so close to me. I took my finger running it through her outer lips. Vic shuddered, closed her eyes and started biting her lip. With my finger I found her clit and started to rub it in small circles. Again she shuddered and I could just barely hear her moan over the music. She started to grind her pussy against my hand in time with the music and kissed me again moaning into my mouth. I slipped a finger into her wet cunt and started to finger her exploring the insides of her pussy. 

We she broke her kiss I put my lips beside her ear so she would hear me over the music and said "Show me your tits."

Vic's eyes opened and she backed away a little, but not enough to dislodge my hand from her pussy, and looked at me. "Here? But... I don't know it's really crowded!" She said looking around nervously.

"I know, but you're my slut and I want to see your tits." I explained to her. At the same time I worked another finger into her pussy and began fingering her harder. Vic shuddered with pleasure and she pressed herself into me again for support. Her eyes closed again and she moaned louder in to my shoulder. I played with her for a minute before I asked. "Well?"

"Mmmm... Feels so good! Umm I don't know... There are so many people!" She said. I decided to try a new tactic and grabbed an empty beer bottle from the table. I took my fingers, now covered in her pussy juice, out of her and nudged to head of the bottle between her pussy lips. "Ohhhh! What are you doing?" She asked a little nervous. I didn't say anything while I started to work the neck of the bottle into her cunt. "Ohhhh.... Mmmmm!" Vic moaned louder, the neck of the bottle disappeared into her pussy, her lips stretching trying to take the wider part of the neck. I started to fuck her pussy with the beer bottle shoving more of it in to her with each stroke. Vic spread her legs to accommodate the intrusion, which caused the hem of her dress to ride a little higher up her ass. Soon she was taking the half the bottle in her pussy. "Fuck!" She grunted and the wide bottom half of the bottle stretched her wide. "It's so fucking big! Fuck me! Fuck me like a slut!" She squealed in my ear now clinging to me for support. I started to pound her pussy harder with the bottle and was soon able to get about two thirds of it up her cunt. Her juices were coating the bottle so much that I was having a hard time holding on to the bottle. Vic was now whimpering and had her arms around my neck. "Fuck your slut!" She begged me, "Please don't stop! I am so close!" 

"Should I stop then?" I asked with a wicked grin.

"Noooo! Please keep fucking me! I'll do anything!" She begged.

"Show me your tits!" I told her.

"Ohhhh fuckkkk... Ok! Don't stop! Ahhhh!" She squealed. She pushed herself away from my chest and looked around nervously. It was standing room only around us, but in our dark little corner and the only light was from the flashing strobes and lasers so we were almost unnoticeable. Vic's back was to the crowd as she reached up with a hand and pulled down the front of her dress releasing her beautiful tits. I admired her firm 'C' cupped breasts in the flashing lights bending down to take her nipples in my mouth. I nibbled her nipples making them hard while I pounded her pussy with the bottle. I released her engorged nipples from my mouth and played with her tits with my hand. Vic struggled to support herself against me resting her head on my shoulder as she got closer to cumming. I pinched her nipples some more, kept fucking her with the bottle and soon she was on the edge. "Ohhhh fuuuccckkk! I am cumming!" She wailed in my ear and humped the bottle in my hand in desperation. When her shuddering had calmed down I removed the bottle, now coated in her juices, from her pussy and put it back on the table. Vic slumped forward into my chest slowly recovering her strength. 

"How was that?" I asked.

"Mmmm wow!" She said looking up at me. "Dirty, but I liked it."

"Want some more then do you?" I asked smiling.

"Mmmm maybe." She said smiling shyly, but there was a spark in her sexy blue eyes. 

"Go out dancing and see if you can find some guys you like and bring them back." I told her.

Vic looked nervously around and then back at me "I don't know if I could do that." She said. 

"Don't worry you are one hot slut and dressed like you are you won't have much of a problem. Plus you said you would do anything." I reminded her smiling. 

"Ok." She mumbled looking worried. "Can I pull my dress up?" 

"For now." I replied. Vic stood up and tucked her tits back into her dress and pulled the hem down, which had ridden half way up her ass cheeks, covering her tight ass. Her nipples were still hard and were sticking out obviously through the sheer white material of her dress. I let her have another drink and to build up some courage. She had almost downed her fourth drink of the night when one of her favorite songs came on. She downed the last of her drink heading out on to the dance floor.

"Have fun slut!" I told her as she left. She turned and smiled weakly before I lost her in the crowd.

I got us another round of drinks waited. After maybe twenty minutes I caught a glimpse of Vic dancing with two guys who were grinding with her in the middle. She was grinding back and smiling so I knew she was enjoying herself. When the song they were dancing to ended her and the two guys talked for a minute and then left her side. Vic made her way back to me her cheeks flushed and smiling.

"Where did your friends go?" I asked trying not to be disappointed.

"They offered to buy me some drinks so I told them sure and that I would meet them at the table in the corner." She replied.

"Well hopefully they will come back." I said a little happier now, "You like them?"

"I don't know. They are cute enough I suppose." She shrugged. Sure enough a few minutes later the two guys reappeared with drinks in their hands. They both appeared to be around my size at six feet and in their early twenties. One was a white guy with scruffy brown hair. The other was a black guy with a shaved head. Both looked like athletes and were in decent shape. The white guy I figured to be around 170lbs and the black guy was around 190lbs. The caught sight of Vic and made their way over. The two of them got to the table and frowned when they saw me standing with Vic on my arm. 

"You didn't tell us you were here with your boyfriend." The white guy said warily looking at me.

"Ah it's ok guys come on over and join us. Victoria was just telling me about you guys. I saw you all dancing together earlier." I said ushering them to join us.

"You're not pissed at us for dancing with your girl?" the black guy asked suspiciously. "If you are you shouldn't leave her on the dance floor alone dressed like that."

"Nope I am not pissed. Vic here is a bit of a slut so I am completely fine with everything." I told them looking at Vic and smiling. I saw Vic's eyes drop to the floor and she blushed.

The two guys look at each other and joined us at the table. They handed Vic her drink, which she took a big gulp of to calm her nerves. "I'm Rob and that's Tyler." The white guy said gesturing at his black friend. What did you say again?" the white guy asked me as they both leaned in to hear me.

"I am Matt incidentally and you already met Victoria. What do you guys do? You have the look of athletes." I asked shaking their hands.

"We are in college, 3rd year, we both play football." Tyler answered. "What was that you said a minute ago?" repeating Rob's question.

"I was just saying that I am completely fine with everything. I actually sent her out there. Vic here is a bit of a slut." I told them repeating my earlier comment. Vic blushed again and took another gulp of her drink.

"What!" Rob said choking on his drink while Tyler just stared.

"Well actually she is a big slut." I continued, "Aren't you babe?" I asked Vic with Rob and Tyler looking on.

"Mmmhmm." She mumbled sipping her drink and nodding.

"Really?" Tyler asked regaining his voice.

"Yeah. You want to see?" I asked.

They glanced at each other like they had won the lottery "You bet!" They both replied at the same time grinning in anticipation. 

"Come around the other side of the table then." I told them. They came around to where we were and we formed a bit of a semi-circle around Vic in the corner with our backs to the crowds. I ran my hand up between her legs stroking her upper thigh a couple times the continued up to her pussy. I brushed her outer lips and engorged clit with my finger and Vic shuddered slightly at my touch. "Why don't you show these guys your beautiful tits slut." I told her.

"Nice!" Rob hissed in anticipation.

I stroked her clit once more then worked a finger into her already wet pussy. Vic looked around again and then closed her eyes as my second finger worked its way into her wet folds. "Mmmm... Ok." She said quietly and pulled down to top of her dress and exposed her beautiful perky tits and hard nipples.

"Damn! Those are some nice titties!" Tyler said staring at her chest.

"I guess you are right she is a bit of a slut!" Rob agreed. "Can we touch them?"

"Sure." I replied, "Play with them all you want."

Rob reached out and palmed her left breast and gave it a squeeze while Tyler did the same to the right. Vic moaned louder as the guys grabbed her tits and I fingered her. The guys started twisting and pinching her nipples causing bolts of pleasure to shoot through Vic and make her shudder and shake. Tyler released the nipple he was pulling at and bent down taking her tit in his mouth and running his tongue around the nipple. Vic groaned in response and I felt her knees buckle a little. I slid a third finger into her wet pussy while Rob took the nipple he was tweaking and started to sick ok it and nibble it. "Ohhhh fuck!" Vic moaned out loud in response to all the attention.

We all heard her say that, Rob and Tyler stood up releasing her tits from their mouths "Wow the little slut is into this!" Rob said laughing and twisting a nipple.

"Yeah she is getting off on it!" Tyler agreed.

"I told you." I said to them. I decided to show them more and stopped fingering Vic. She moaned in disappointment when my fingers withdrew. "Turn around and bend over a bit." I told her. She looked at me but turned to face the corner and bent over slightly. I smacked her ass lightly and grabbed the bottom of her dress pulling it up so we could all see her bare ass cheeks.

"I knew she was naked under that dress!" Tyler told Rob. "I called it back at the bar!"

"Yeah that is one fine ass!" Rob agreed reaching out and pinching her ass cheek causing Vic to jump a little. The two of them began exploring her ass feeling it up and spanking her occasionally. Vic leaned against the wall with her eyes closed. I let the get their fill of her firm little ass before I grabbed the beer bottle I had used on her earlier.
