 I wandered back into the house and made myself a coffee. Vic came down a few minutes later wearing jeans and a very tight low cut red t-shirt. "Well I am off. I will see you later this afternoon." She said, giving me a long kiss on the lips. 

I accompanied her to the door, pinching her ass as she left. "See you later." I said. 

Vic got in her car and drove off leaving me with nothing to do for the afternoon. After a few minutes of contemplation I decided to wash my truck in the drive way and clean it out. I threw on a new pair of shorts and a shirt and headed outside. I gathered all the stuff up and moved my suburban in front of the house along the curved driveway so the hose would reach. I cleaned out the inside and vacuumed all the carpets. When the inside was clean I rinsed, soaped and washed the complete driver's side before moving to the hood. I was just working my way around the other side when I heard a voice behind me.

"Hi neighbour! How is it going?" The female voice asked.

Startled, I turned around and found a very hot, petite, Asian girl behind me. She looked to be in her late teens, or early twenties, very petite, maybe only five foot and a hundred pounds, if I had to guess. Her skin was a sexy golden colour and very smooth with a nice glow to it that told me she took care of herself. She was wearing very short jean shorts that complemented her perky round ass well and accentuated her silky smooth legs. Her top was a tight white cotton tank top and you could see shadows of a blue bra beneath it. From the looks of it she had amazing tits. They were well proportioned in relation to the rest of her body. I figured they were maybe 34 B, sticking straight out from her chest with only the tiniest hint of a bounce when she walked. Her long straight black hair hung to the bottom of her shoulder blades was tied back in a simple pony tail.

"Ummm... Hi." I said, trying not to be too obvious with my stares.

"Hi. My name is Jenny." She said, sticking out her hand, "I 'm your neighbour. I live in the house across the street with my parents." She said, gesturing at the house directly opposite mine. 

"Oh hi!" I replied taking her hand, "I am Matt, nice to meet you. What brings you over?"

"I saw you out here washing you truck and realized we had never met. So I decided to come over, say hi and see if you wanted some help?" She replied.

I thought that sounded a little odd, but I figured if she was willing to help wash my truck then I would put her to work. "Sure, an extra set of hands will make things go faster. Why don't you use the sponge and the soap and I will work the hose?" I said. 

"Sure!" She replied with a bubbly smile. Jenny grabbed the bucket of soap and water and started to wash the passenger door. "So what do you do for work?" She asked.

"I run my own investment company. It's not huge, but we are doing ok." I replied, "You are in school I assume? High school, or college?" I asked, watching Jenny bend at the waist to wash the bottom of the door putting her tight ass on display.

"I just finished high school." She said. "I am headed out of town to college in the fall, really looking forward to getting away from the drama." 

"So that makes you how old?" I asked dubiously.

"Eighteen, but I turn nineteen in two months." She replied stand up straight. She moved out of the way so I could rinse the door. "Is it your wife, or girlfriend that lives with you?"

"Victoria is my girlfriend, among other things." I replied not sure how far I should go in describing our relationship to my neighbours. "How about you, you have a boyfriend?"

Jenny paused for half a second like she wasn't sure how to answer that question either. "No, the guy I was seeing decided to end things between us." She finally answered and started to wash one of the windows.

I found her answer a little odd. If she had broken up with her boyfriend then why not say they broke up. So I said "That's unfortunate, what happened?" Figuring that she would say he had cheated on her, or something.

Jenny paused again and looked at me before she replied "Well he was older and broke it off after his fiancé caught us and made him do it." 

I was caught off guard by her comment and began to wonder what kind of girl Jenny really was. I must admit the possibilities were starting to excite me. "Is that what you meant by drama?" I asked, hoping for details.

"That's part of it." Jenny said. She looked at me like she was considering how much to tell me, but after a moment continued. "The older guy I was seeing was my gym teacher. He caught me having sex with two guys in my class in the locker room after school. He said that if I agreed to sleep with him he wouldn't do anything about what he saw. I knew my English teacher was his fiancé, but didn't want trouble, so I agreed. Everything was good for a couple months, but the two guys that I had sex with started talking about it and she eventually found out. She caught us having sex in his office and made him promise to stop seeing me. He said he would, but a couple days later he wanted to get back together and the sex was great so I did. His fiancé confronted me a month later. One thing led to another and I ended up going down on her. He walked in on us and there was a huge fight and a bunch of the school saw it. So now the whole school knows I am a slut. That's why I want to go to a school where no one knows me."

I was having a hard time believing what she had just told me, but Jenny was nervously looking at me to see what my reaction was. I figured she was telling the truth because she had actually said she was a slut instead of saying that people thought she was. In my mind I hoped that I was reading all the signs right because I was getting really excited. "That can be tough when everyone talks behind your back. Just because you like living your life a certain way is no reason for people to judge you. I can see why you want to start fresh." I said and Jenny looked happy that I wasn't judging her.

"What does Victoria do?" Jenny asked changing the subject and starting to wash the front corner of my truck. She bent over at the waist way too much to wash the area, but I think she was trying to show her beautiful little ass off to me.

"She works for a sales company down town as an assistant." I replied staring at two round globes of her ass covered in denim.

Jenny washed the front panel of the truck and backed away for me to rinse the soap away. Rather than continue on she looked at me with a guilty look and said "Ummm... I am not sure how to bring this up, but I saw you and Victoria go out last night." Before I could respond, she continued, words pouring out of her. "I wasn't spying! I swear I wasn't spying. I happened to be in my room when you came home from work and I just looked out my window for a second." She explained.

Now things were coming together. I knew who I had seen in the neighbor's window over the garage and the possibilities in my head were starting to become more real. "I wondered if someone was watching. What did you see?" I asked.

Jenny blushed hard knowing she had been caught. "I saw everything. She met you at the door naked and on her knees. She gave you a blowjob and you... Came on her face. Then you both went inside." She told me, "I am really sorry, I didn't mean to spy." She mumbled and stared at the ground.

"Don't worry I am not upset." I added. I noted an imperceptible shudder when she said 'came on her face' and suspected she was turned on.

"Are you really?" She asked quietly, looking at me dubiously.

"Yeah it's ok. Victoria and I have an arrangement. She is my slut." I explained.

"Really?" She asked again, but this time with a hint of excitement in her voice.

"Really. It's a new agreement we have. Was that all you saw?" 

Now that she knew I was ok with her seeing Vic and I Jenny told me everything. "No I couldn't help myself so I kept watching. I saw you both leave a little later, then I heard you come back late. I got up and saw Victoria get out of the back seat, naked with two guys. I watched the one guy fuck her at the front door while you let everyone inside. This morning I waited a long time hoping I hadn't missed you, but I didn't and I saw her at the door naked giving everyone blow jobs and you all came on her face again." She said, blushing again and looking at the ground sheepishly.

"Did you like what you saw?" I asked, now convinced I would get to fuck this beautiful Asian nymph.

"Mmmm... Yeah it was really hot! Victoria is really beautiful! I was really envious of her!" Jenny admitted.

"Envious of what, her looks, or what she was doing?" I asked.

"Both! I was kind of jealous of what she was getting to do." She said quietly, blushing harder.

I looked at Jenny hungrily and an idea entered my mind and I hoped she would go for it. "Well if you want you could be my slut too." I told her.

"Ummm... Really? What would I have to do?" She asked, sounding a little unsure about what I was offering. 

I thought about things for a minute making sure I wanted to go down this road. I decided to see what would happen. "Well you can come over anytime you want and I will treat you the same as I do Vic. As my slut Vic is always naked when she is here and when she is with me. No clothes of any kind unless I say it's ok and I don't allow panties. She does what I tell her when we are together and I promise no one will hurt you. Plus you get to fuck and suck all you want and no one will think less of you." I explained.

Jenny mulled the idea over and it was clear the idea excited her. "Ok sounds like fun. What do I do?" She asked, uncertain where to begin.

"Well like I said you are naked anytime you are here so start with that." I said.

"Here? " She asked, nervously looking around.

"Yup! Hey you were fucking two guys in a locker room. What's the difference?" I reminded her.

"I guess you have a point." She agreed. Jenny looked around for a second and took a deep breath still clearly a little reluctant. She took one last look around and with both hands peeled off her tank top revealing her blue bra and held out her shirt.

"Here I will take that for you." I told her and took her shirt, tossing it by the door.

"Ummm thanks." She said. Jenny looked around again then undid the button and zipper of her jean shorts. Bending forward at the waist she slid her shorts down and stepped out of them. She stood up and handed them to me. "I don't wear panties." She added.

I took her shorts and tossed them with her shirt. Jenny stood facing me naked except for her bra. Her skin had the same smooth golden tone everywhere and no tan lines telling me she spent time outside naked. She had a flat stomach with a hint of abs and her slim legs were like they were made of silk. They joined her hips leaving a small open triangular gap just below her pussy. Her pussy was a thing of beauty; it was completely bald and her outer lips puffed out slightly making a well-defined 'W' shape. Jenny reached behind her back and unsnapped her bra and cupped her hands over her tits holding it in place. She paused just for a second like she was waiting for me to stop her, but I didn't so she removed her hands from her chest and handed me her bra. I was right her bra was a B cup and I guessed the way her tits bulged slightly in it that they were slightly larger than a straight B. Her tits were marvelous! They stuck straight out like two big cones and there was almost no sag to them. Her areoles were dark brown and like small silver dollars. The nipples were dark brown and about the size of small jelly beans. Her tits bounced enticingly with every little movement she made. Jenny turned completely around for me so I could see her naked ass. It was perfectly round and was very perky with no sag what so ever.

"What do you think?" Jenny asked finishing her turn.

"Damn you are a sexy girl!" I exclaimed. "I can see why both guys and girls want you!"

"Thanks!" She giggled, "Do you think I will make a good slut?"

"I think you will, but there a only one way to tell." I replied undoing my zipper.

"Mmmm... I would be happy to demonstrate what I can do!" She said eyeing the bulge in my shorts. Without waiting for an answer she closed the gap between us and squatted down in front of me. Jenny pushed my hands out of the way and undid my shorts pulling them down. "Oh!" She squealed in surprise when my cock sprang up and slapped her in the side of the face. Jenny took my cock in her right hand, moving it around examining it closely. Looking up at me she smiled "You have an amazing cock! Its way bigger than most of the guys I have been with!" She said.

"Glad you approve!" I replied.

Jenny again focused on my dick giving the tip a tentative lick tasting the pre-cum oozing from it. She swallowed it and smacked her lips in satisfaction. "Your cum tastes really good!" She said and licked some more off the tip. "Really good!" She confirmed.

I watched Jenny familiarize herself with my dick lifting it up and kissing every inch of the shaft from base to tip. She sucked each one of my balls into her mouth, in turn rolling them around with her tongue. When she was done with my balls she went back to the tip and started to suck on just the head of my cock. She swirled her tongue around the sensitive head for a few seconds then started to bob her head up and down on my dick. At first she would only take a little of it at a time before pulling her head back off it then back down, taking more. She took her time leisurely sucking me, taking more each time and exploring every inch of my cock with her tongue. After a couple minutes she was half way down my dick when her head came back until just the tip remained. Looking back up at me she moved her head to the side and down my cock so that there was a large bulge in her cheek. With half my cock crammed in her left cheek she ran her tongue along my shaft quickly the she backed off again. She repeated the process again on the right and then began to alternate stretching her checks out with my cock. When she tired of that she started to bob her head back and forth on my cock faster and taking almost three quarters of it at a time. Jenny took her right hand off my shaft and held the backs of my legs with both hands for support. She looked up at me smiling around my cock then began to bob her head faster, making loud slurping noises, never taking her eyes off mine. I was in heaven. I was so engrossed in Jenny's enthusiastic blowjob that I barely noticed a car pulling into Jenny's driveway. I looked at the sexy naked Asian nymph with my cock jammed in her mouth and said "Someone just drove into your driveway."

Jenny froze instantly and looked panicked, but still had six inches of my cock in her mouth. She pulled away letting my cock fall free. "Damn that's my parents! They weren't supposed to be home yet." She said looking up at me still squatting in front of my cock, saliva coating her chin.

"Do you need to go?" I asked. 

"No, but I need to tell them where I am." She replied a little worried. 

We were standing on the passenger side of my truck by the hood and I was leaning on it for support. The vehicle blocked us almost entirely from their view across the street and the only thing they could see of us was my head and a third of my chest. There was no way they could see Jenny. "Well just stick your head above the hood of the truck and let them know. It's tall enough that you can almost stand anyways."

Jenny thought about it for a second and the slowly stood so that just her head and neck was visible over the hood. "Mom, Dad! Over hear across the street!" She yelled when they got out of the car.

Her parents turned at the sound of her voice and saw me and then Jenny's head poking up from behind the truck. "Jenny? What are you doing over there?" They asked.

"This is our neighbour Matt." She said gesturing at me with her hand and a carefully raised arm. "I came over to say hi and offered to help him out for a bit with some stuff." She explained. 

"Hi." I said waving.

"Hi." Her parents said to me, "Ok, thanks for letting us know. Are you home for dinner?" Her mom asked.

"I will let you know." Jenny replied.

"Ok see you in a bit then." Her dad said and started to unload their car.

"Well that was close!" Jenny said turning to me, "Now where was I? Oh yeah your amazing cock!" She said squatting down and taking my cock in her mouth and resuming her blowjob right where she left off.

"Oh fuck, your mouth is so awesome!" I moaned, steadying myself again on the hood of my truck with one hand and placing the other on the back of Jenny's head. 

"Mmmmmhmmn!" Jenny moaned around the six inches of cock in her mouth. She steadied herself again by holding my legs for support and started to furiously bob her head up and down on my cock making loud slurping noises. 

I was enjoying Jenny's mouth when I saw her dad come back outside to get the last of the things from their car. He looked over at me and I waved at him, smiling, and he waved back at me before heading back inside. I wondered what he would do if he knew that the reason I was smiling was because his eighteen year old daughter was on her knees, naked, sucking my cock like a slut.

Jenny was oblivious to what had occurred between her dad and I. She was focused completely on my cock and was bobbing her head rapidly back and forth on my cock. There was drool coming dripping from the corner of her lips and dripping down on to her chin. After a dozen or so strokes she released my dick from her mouth and spit a wad of saliva on my cock then swallowed it back in to her mouth. She was struggling to swallow all of it so I started to move my hips slowly thrusting my cock into her mouth. I felt Jenny gag a little, but she struggled through and finally was finally able to get my entire cock in her mouth. She looked up at me again; her lips pressed up against my pelvis and my balls resting on her chin, and started humming happily, clearly pleased with herself.

The vibrations from her throat on my cock were beginning to get to me so I knew I should change things up. I really wanted to fuck my new slut. I pulled my cock out of Jenny's hot mouth with a pop. She looked up at me pouting a little. "Oh! I was just getting used to your cock." She moaned.

"Well you suck cock like no one else, but I want to do some other stuff." I assured her. I took her hand and helped Jenny to her feet. 

"What do you have in mind?" She asked. 

"You will see." I replied taking her hand. I opened the passenger door wide and moved Jenny between me and the passenger seat. I lifted her up and sat her on the seat and opened her legs. I put my left hand on her tits and pushed her back so she was lying across the passenger seat. Jenny complied, opening her legs so I could get a close up of her wet snatch. With my right hand I started to lightly stroke her pussy running my fingers through her now partially parted outer lips.

"Ohhhhh! That feels good! I like that! Mmmmm!" Jenny moaned.

"Well then hopefully you will like this." I said. I lowered my head to within inches of her pussy. Jenny held her breath in anticipation waiting for me to lick her snatch. At first I kissed her outer lips then ran my tongue between them tasting the sweet juices of her pussy for the first time.

"Ohhhh! Yesss! I really like that!" Jenny moaned out loud, "Don't stop!" I nodded and licked her pussy again probing deeper between her lips. Jenny gasped again, pushing her pussy up into my mouth. I spread her lips with my fingers and licked her inner lips probing deeper and deeper. After a minute Jenny was moaning constantly in pleasure, begging me to continue. I found her clit and stroked it with my thumb in combination with my tongue in her pussy. "Ohhh shit!" Jenny squealed louder jerking with my touch. I kept licking her and started to rub her clit faster and faster. Jenny was now moaning louder, pushing her pussy into my mouth. "Ahhh... Ohhhh... Mmmmmm! That feels sooo good!" She moaned again and again. I continued rubbing her clit and then started to work two fingers into her pussy. "Ohhh fuck! Yesss! Finger my pussy!" She squealed louder. I started to saw my fingers back and forth burying them up to the third knuckle in her pussy while I started to lick and nibble on her clit. Jenny was thrashing about and grinding her pussy against my hand. I kept the pace up and a minute later Jenny was getting close to cumming. "Ahhhh! Ohhhh! Fuuccckkk! Ohhh god! I am cumming!" She yelled loudly grinding her pussy into me and her stomach quivering in orgasm. I could feel her pussy muscles squeezing my fingers like they were a cock. "Ahhh fuck! Please fuck me! I need your cock!" Jenny moaned still reeling from her orgasm.
