 Chapter 1: Victoria Becomes a Slut

My girlfriend Victoria hasn't always been a slut. It wasn't until a few years after we met that she became one, with a little of my help of course.

Victoria is a good looking 25 year old blonde who stands about 5'5" tall and 120lbs with curves in all the right places. She has beautiful natural 36C tits and a juicy ass. Vic keeps in shape hitting the gym a couple times week; near where she works as an executive assistant for a large sales company. I am 30 years old 6' 180lbs and keep myself in shape. I run my own investment firm, which has been doing quite well and allows me a certain amount of flexibility as to the hours I keep, or where I work. It has also allowed me to afford a fewer of the finer things in life.

Vic and I first met when I came into the sales company she worked for to contract out some work with them. She was the assistant to one of the managers that was working on the contract. I am not going to lie, a sexy blonde assistant probably helped them seal the deal. I asked her out for a drink after a particularly long and boring meeting and we hit it off right away and were soon dating. Everything was great between us and we were both happy. The sex was good; her tits had no sag to them and that sexy natural bounce. Her nipples were a beautiful deep pink colour and a little bigger than pencil erasers. They were very sensitive and you could almost make her cum by playing with them. Her pussy was a thing of beauty, always tight, velvety smooth and she always kept it hairless. Her pussy lips were nice and puffy, so much so that she almost always had a camel toe going on. While everything was great with our lives together it wasn't spectacular, until about a year after we got together when we moved in together.

My company had a good year and we made a decent profit so I decided to expand a little and buy myself a new house. While it wasn't a full out mansion it was close. It was in an upscale area on the edge of the city and with a sizable private back yard, swimming pool, hot tub, 5 bedrooms, 3 bathrooms, a master with a Jacuzzi tub, 3 car garage, large living room and a large walk out patio that led to the hot tub and pool. Victoria moved in shortly after I took possession. It was then I noticed some minor things about her I hadn't before. The first was she slept like the dead. You could make as much noise as you wanted around her and she would sleep right through it. You could physically move her and not wake her. It would take 20 min of her alarm going off and repeated shaking to get her up in the morning. The other thing I noticed, much to my delight, was she always seemed to wake up wet and horny. The best sex we would have was in the morning, or just after a nap. She often woke up playing with her clit in a bit of a haze. She would open her eyes, roll over on top of me and we would fuck our brains out until she came a few minutes later. 

At the beginning of the summer after Victoria moved in with me we headed to open up my cottage for the season. Through my family I had inherited a cottage on a large lake. The cottage was at the far end of the lake at the end of a long winding bay and is only accessible by boat. It has a large dock that is as wide as the cottage and takes up most of the end of the bay. There is a boat house for two boats and a couple jet skis on the left side and a pair of walk ways lead up to the cottage on either side of the dock. The cottage itself had a large deck above and behind the dock with lots of space and a hot tub. 

We arrived at the cottage Friday afternoon and by the time we had it opened up it was late and we just had a quick dinner before heading to bed. We crawled into bed naked and crashed. In the morning Victoria woke up first and must have been extra horny because I woke up to Vic naked and my rock hard eight inch cock buried in her throat. I laid still and watched as my sexy girlfriend bathed my cock with her tongue from the base of the shaft to the head and then swallow it whole into her throat. As her head bobbed up and down on my cock I watched her tits sway and bounce in the morning sun. After a few minutes of enjoying the morning head I was receiving I reached down with my right hand and captured her left nipple in my fingers giving it a light pinch. I was rewarded with a deep moaning around my cock deep in her mouth.

"Mmmmm, you taste delicious this morning" she said letting my cock out of her mouth with a pop.

"Well I am glad you like it! Why don't you take it for a ride?" I asked pinching her nipple and palm her tit.

"Absolutely! I love riding your cock!" With that she sat up and swung her right leg over me straddling me and positioned my cock under her dripping pussy. She was super wet as she sunk my cock right up to the base in her tight pussy on the first try. 

"Ohh... Fuuuuccckkkk..... It feels soooo good!" She moaned grinding her clit into my pelvis.

"Mmmmm" was all I could manage; the heat from Vic's pussy surrounded my cock. I could feel her different pussy muscles caressing my dick as she milked my cock. Vic then started moving slowly up and down on my cock riding me with steadily increasing intensity. I reached up with both hands and began to fondle her beautiful tits. I pinched both of her nipples a little harder and rolled them between my fingers. This elicited another deep moan from Vic and a spasm in her pussy. I watched as her eyes seemed to roll back into her head while the intensity of her fucking continued. She would slide up my cock almost to the tip then slam back down.

After a few minutes of frenzied fucking Vic began to cum. Her head came down to her chest and her flat stomach began to spasm. "Oh god I am cumming, I am cumming, don't stop! Don't stop!" She whimpered. I kept up my assault on her tits twisting and pinching her nipples and matching her thrusts with my own, driving my cock up into her dripping pussy.

A minute later Vic's orgasm peaked and she slammed her pussy down on to my cock hold herself there and let out a loud moan "Mmmmm... Fuuucckk... That's good!" She paused as her orgasm passed, but I kept my cock sawing into her pussy. I flipped her on to her back while still managing to keep my cock buried in her. I grabbed her hips and lifted her ass off the bed a little so I could have better access to her pussy. Victoria still had her eyes closed still enjoying her post orgasm bliss and my continued pounding. While I continued fucking her I reached down with my right hand and found her tits renewing my teasing of them. With my other hand I found her clit with my thumb and began to rub it lightly. Vic gasped and arched her back drawing my cock deeper and wrapping her legs around my back. I continued my treatment of her clit while fucking Vic deep and hard with a steady rhythm. Within minutes Vic's second orgasm started to build.

"Don't stop baby... Please don't stop! Ohhhh gooodddd! Keep fucking me!" She moaned meeting my every thrust. "I love your fingers on my clit and your cock in my pussy" I had never heard her say anything like that before, but it was a turn on so I kept it up. Before too long she was moaning her way through her second orgasm "ooohhhh fuuuucckkk I am cuuuummmming!" She squealed as her pussy muscles squeezed my cock like no tomorrow.

Vic's spasming pussy sent me over the edge and I could feel my own orgasm coming. "Fuuuucckkk" I yelled and I pulled my cock out of her pussy just in time to aim my spurting cum all over her belly in several thick ropes. 

I spent my load all over Victoria's belly and collapsed beside her on the bed exhausted. Vic still wasn't moving except for her heavy breathing and had her eyes closed clearly enjoying the last traces of her orgasm. While I waited for her to come around I watched as my cum ran down between her legs, over her pussy and began to puddle on the bed. 

She finally open her eyes a minute later looked at me, smiled, and said brightly "Good morning! That was fun!"

"It certainly was!" I chuckled. "What got into you this morning? Never seem this side of you."

Victoria looked down sheepishly as she said quietly "I had a dream last night where I was a really wanton slut. I was doing all sorts of crazy sexual stuff and having sex with a bunch of different people."

"Sounds hot!" I said, hoping she would give some details.

"It was. I have never been so turned on before! It woke me up this morning and I needed to get fucked so I woke you up." She admitted quietly, but looking at me now with a twinkle in her sexy blue eyes.

I was a little disappointed with the lack of detail. Just thinking about some of the possibilities of Vic being a slut around me was getting me hard again.

Before I was able to press her for more details she changed the subject and hoped out of bed. "Let's get up, it's an awesome day and I want to get some serious tanning done." She said. "I can finally try out my new black bikini!" Disappearing into the bathroom for a shower and I followed joining her in the shower. 

Afterwards I helped rub sun screen on to her back and of course spent extra time rubbing it into her perky tits and smooth pussy. She then put on her black string bikini that, while not conservative, wasn't too revealing. The triangles of material covered her nipples well and about half her tits, but left enough of the sides of her boobs exposed to still be sexy. The strings tied behind her back and neck completing the look. The bottoms tied at both hips with string and covered about half of each nicely shaped ass cheek and, much to my disappointment, all of her pussy.

"Matt, do you think this bikini makes me look like a slut?" Vic asked modeling herself in the mirror. 

"No babe it doesn't. You look sexy as hell though!" I replied.

"Are you sure?" She asked looking at me in the mirror.

"Yes" I replied "but you did just have a crazy dream about being a slut so maybe this could help." 

"You're an ass!" She scowled at me. "I like it though."

"Which, the dream or the bikini?" I asked.

She paused for a minute "Both" she said still looking at me in the mirror. Then she threw on a T-shirt and short jean shorts to cover everything.

We still had some things to do to get the cottage open for the season like get the hot tub up and running, the deck lounge chairs set up and other mundane tasks. So it wasn't until after lunch that Vic finally announced she was headed down to the dock to work on her tan. 

"Can you come remind me to roll over in an hour or so in case I fall asleep?" She asked as she walked down the stairs.

"Sure. No problem." I replied. An hour later I went down to the dock and sure enough was on her stomach asleep on a towel. I managed to rouse her enough to get her rolled over on to her back. Vic mumbled something like a thanks and drifted off to sleep again. I busied myself cleaning some stuff in the boat house, but my mind wandered back to this morning and Victoria's dream. How awesome would it be for me if she was a complete slut! Those sorts of fantasies always turned me on. I found myself wondering if I could hint at it a little more with her.

I came back to the dock and wandered over to Victoria asleep on her towel. I sat down on a nearby lounge chair and admired her for a few minutes. I couldn't believe how sexy she looked laying there in her bikini. The way her top held her tits on top of her chest with almost no sagging to the side, the way you could make out the shape of her sweet pussy through her bottoms. As I was sitting there admiring Vic an idea crossed my mind that help that might help realize my fantasy.

I went over to Vic and reached under her neck for the ties to her bikini top and slowly pulled them until they came apart. Then I had to dig under her back to get at the other ties, suddenly glad she was a heavy sleeper, and pulled the lower ties of her top free. I pulled her top off revealing her luscious tits to the open air and tossed the flimsy material a few feet off to the side. I then went to work on the ties of her bikini bottoms and slid them down along the crack of her ass and off. Vic was out cold and didn't even stir the entire time. She was now completely naked lying on the dock for me to admire. Now it was time for the next phase of my plan. I began with her nipples taking them in my fingers and gently tweaking them and rolling them between my thumb and fore finger. 

True to form Vic's nipples hardened and I watched as her mouth opened ever so slightly, a clear sign of enjoyment, but she showed no signs of waking. Next I reached between her legs with my left hand and found her pussy. Already her pussy lips were slightly apart and I could feel her becoming wet from the stimulation of her nipples. I ran a finger along her slit probing between her puffy pussy lips for a minute before finding her clit. I focused on her clit with my fingers, gently working it in circles getting Vic even wetter. Sure enough I was rewarded with a quiet moan from her as her head rolled to one side then the other. I paused to see if I had woken her, but she was still asleep. I played with her tits and clit making Vic wetter and wetter. I slipped my fore finger into her pussy slowly and was rewarded with another quiet moan. I slowly worked my finger in and out of her pussy for a bit then worked a second finger inside her. I began sawing my fingers in and out of Vic's pussy, slowly at first, then increasing my speed. I added my thumb to the mix working her clit in tiny circles. 

Vic was now moaning almost constantly now, but she still refused to wake. I kept up my ministrations knowing that soon she would be getting close to an orgasm. I knew I would need proof of her orgasming by her own hand if my plan to show her that she was a slut would work. So I pulled my fingers out of her now sopping pussy and placed her left hand over it and her right hand on her tits. After that nature took over and Vic began to masturbate with her left hand and pinch her nipples with the right. I could only imagine the dream she was having. I hurried back up to the cottage for the camera in my phone. I was on my way back down with my phone to film Vic playing with her pussy and making her orgasm when I heard the motor. I looked out in the bay and saw a small boat coming slowly around the corner with two guys fishing off the sides. They were moving closer to my cottage... And Victoria was naked and fingering herself on the dock.

The two guys in the boat drifted closer, I walked back on to the dock and sat in the lounge chair close to where Vic was moaning as she continued to finger herself. I called her name, but got no response, she was still asleep. Her fingers continued to saw in and out of her wet pussy building her orgasm slowly. Her moaning was getting louder and the two guys in the boat were getting closer. When they got to around two hundred feet from our dock they began to cast again. I watched them and my girlfriend on the dock between us. On their second cast one of the guys noticed me and waved. Then he noticed Vic laying naked on the dock moaning and her back starting to arch in pleasure and he froze. I could see the first guy whispering to his buddy and whacking him on the shin to bring his attention to us. When I saw both of them staring at Vic I smiled and just waved at them. They waved awkwardly back unsure what else to do. A loud moan escaped Vic's lips just then and all our attention came back to my sexy naked girlfriend.

A few more minutes of attention to her pussy and Victoria began to have a loud orgasm. I flicked on my phone to record it. Her back arched even more and a loud long moan escaped her lips and she drove get fingers deep into her pussy. As she exploded in orgasm Vic's head rolled to her left her eyes fluttering open looking directly at me.

"That was hot!" I said with a smile.

"Mmmm... What's going on? I am naked." She murmured in her post orgasm haze.

"You are. You must have been having that hot dream about being a slut again. I came down here and you were naked and playing with yourself." I lied. "You had a pretty crazy orgasm." I played back the short video off my phone. "It was really hot!"

"It was an amazing dream I thought, but I guess some of it was real." she said lazily. "Was it that hot?" I just pointed at the raging hardon I was sporting in my shorts. "Is that for me?" She asked now a little more awake and licked her lips in anticipation.

I smiled back and replied "Why don't you crawl over here and find out." 

Vic paused a moment and licked her lips, removed her had from her pussy, rolled over to her left then up on to her hands and knees. She began to crawl over towards me swaying her hips sexily, completely oblivious to the two guys in the boat that had drifted closer. She crawled up on to the lounge chair and stroked my cock through my shorts.

"Mmmm... Nice and hard! You must like the thought of me being a slut." She said quietly as she slipped her hand in my shorts and began to stroke my cock.

I closed my eyes in pleasure when I felt her hands on me "I think you would make one hot slut!" I whispered back.

Vic undid my shorts pulling them off and then while still on her knees took my cock in her soft wet lips. She kissed the tip and then down the shaft all the way to my balls then back up to the tip before opening up her mouth and taking my cock all the way into her mouth.

"Mmmm... Fuck baby that's sooo good!" I moaned closing my eyes and enjoying the hot suction of her wet mouth as her head bobbed slow up and down on my dick.

"MmmmmHmmmm!" She mumbled through a mouthful of cock, looking up at me with her sexy blue eyes. "I love your cock in my mouth" she said when she paused to run her tongue along my shaft. "Maybe I am part slut" plunging her mouth back over my cock.

Vic focused on sucking my cock in earnest, her mouth taking as much of my dick in as possible on each down thrust. I opened my eyes and laid back enjoying the attention she was giving me. I watched as her left hand went between her legs to find her pussy. I heard a little moan escape her as she found her clit. 

It was then I remembered the two guys on the boat watching us. I looked up and they had drifted to about a 150' away and Vic's beautiful ass was pointed right at them. They had a clear view of her ass cheeks and her glistening pussy hanging like peach between them. The two of them watched quietly as my girlfriend's head continued to bob up and down on my cock and they had a perfect view of her playing with her pussy. One of them looked away from the mesmerizing sight realizing I was watching them. I gave them a quick wave and a big grin. The two off them waved back and gave a big thumb's up.

I turned back to Vic, who was now making slurping noises on my cock as drool was starting to run between her lips and down my dick. She looked up at me as her head came off my dick with a strand of drool that went from her chin to the tip of my cock. "I want you inside me now!" She moaned. She sat up, straddled my lap aiming my cock between her pussy lips and sank down burying me inside her. "Mmmm... Yessss" she hissed as her eyes closed. She started riding me slowly at first, but quickly began to gain momentum. Soon she was coming up until just the tip of my cock was still in her then slamming herself down on me. I started meeting her thrusts with my own driving my cock as far into her sloppy pussy as I could. I grabbed her ass cheeks to get more leverage. Vic reached down between her legs and found her clit again trying desperately to make herself cum again. I kept up my thrusts and continued to fuck her as hard as I could. "Harder! Harder! Fuck me harder!" She squealed out loud. "I am cumming!" She rode me for another minute before she exploded in orgasm. "Fuuuucckkk!" Was all she said as she arched her back and I thrust hard up into her pussy.
