 Journal Saturday, June 17, 1989 - Victoria was my queen.

I'm posting some of the journal entries from my college years. In case you were wondering the stories are true. For those of you keeping score at home this would be #8 in the series. 1-7 are posted. Cheers!

*

Pat and I had made plans for this weekend but she had called earlier in the week and told me she had to do a family thing. She was living with her parents for the summer. "They're going away next weekend, though," she told me, "so we can spend the entire weekend together if you want."

"Oh, I want, baby," I told her, "call me next week and we'll decide what to do." I felt kind of weird dating the girl my best friend just broke up with but I didn't think it was going to lead to anything serious.

As luck would have it Steve called shortly after Pat hung up. "Do you remember I took Brenda home last weekend?" he asked. 

"That's all you did was take her home?" I joked. 

"Well after we stopped for a little back seat action," he replied. "Anyway," he continued, "guess who she said was in town this summer and was asking about you?" 

"Stevie Nix?" I asked, intrigued. 

"Not even close, moron. Who did you date for 3 years in high school?" he replied. 

"Vicki Smith!" I said, "no way."

"Yeah," he went on, "they want to know if you and I want to go out with them Saturday." 

"That would be cool," I replied, "tell them we can take the boat out for a midnight cruise."

So that is why Steve and I were sitting on the boat with a gallon of Long Island tea waiting for the girls to show up. Vicki and I had dated off and on throughout most of high school. She had strawberry blond hair, a thin waist and was quite good looking. She had a nice chest which I had never so much as got to lay a finger on. The reason we ultimately broke up was I got tired of waiting for her to put out. 

"So Vicki must be a pretty good lay if you dated her all through high school," Steve said. 

"That's the sad part," I replied, "I'm embarrassed to admit I never ever got to feel her tits."

"No fucking way, dude." 

"Yeah," I had to admit, "I was a huge nerd. I didn't know stop meant go and no meant yes until college. That's why I finally dumped her for Robin senior year. I sure hope she's changed or this night is going to be a huge waste." 

"Brenda hasn't changed," he smiled, "she still loves to fuck. Tell you what. If you can't get Vicki naked I'll swap you and have a go at her. I always thought she was hot." 

"Who's so hot?" Brenda asked as they surprised us. 

"We were just remarking on how hot both you girls are," I replied. 

Steve helped Brenda into the boat and I helped Vicki. "How have you been?" She asked, giving me a quick kiss.

"Great," I replied, "you look great."

"Thanks," she said, shyly. 

She did look better than ever. I couldn't be sure in the dusk but it appeared as if her tits were bigger than I remembered too.

"What are you guys drinking?" Brenda asked.

"Just some ice tea," I replied, "would you girls like one." 

"Sure," they said in unison. 

I poured them 2 large tumblers. "This does have some alcohol in it," I said, handing a glass to Vicki. As far as I knew she never drank. 

"That's cool," she said, taking the glass. That was an encouraging sign at least. 

"To hot fun in the summer time," Steve toasted.

The girls drained their glasses so we followed suit. 

"That is very good," Vicki said, holding out her glass for a refill, "I think I can taste some alcohol."

I didn't tell her it was about 180 proof but instead said, "You might want to sip those," as I handed her glass back. 

"Nonsense," she replied, "we're not in high school any more." She chugged that one nearly as fast and handed me the glass for a refill. "They taste like kool aid," she said with a grin. 

I looked at Steve and Brenda sitting in the back of the boat. I thought Brenda might say something to her friend. "What the heck," Brenda smiled, "I've never seen her drunk before. This ought to be fun." She drained her drink too. 

"Why don't you take care of the girl's while I get this cruise started." 

"I'd be happy to take care of two hot babes," he replied. 

Vicki stumbled toward the back of the boat with her empty glass and Steve filled her up. The three of them sat in the back drinking while I drove. I was heading down to a sand bar area where we could beach the boat. I looked in the back and Steve was sitting between the girls, an arm around each. Brenda had a hand in his lap and was nibbling on his neck while he and Vicki were making out. I figured I'd better break it up before Steve got both the ladies naked for himself.

"Is anyone going to come up here and help me navigate?" I asked. 

"I'll help," Vicki said, standing up and nearly falling back down. Steve grabbed her ass to steady her but she still managed to spill some of her drink down her top.

"Shit!" she slurred, "I spilled my drink. That sucks. Now my top is wet." 

It was too dark to see through her wet t shirt but fortunately Brenda came up with a wonderful idea. "Take it off," she suggested, "it's warm enough tonight."

"I don't know," she said, "I don't want to be the only one topless." 

"I'll join you," I said, whipping my shirt off. Steve followed my lead. 

"I don't know, Brenda," Vicki said, handing her drink to Steve, "do you think we can trust them?"

"I sure as fuck hope not!" Brenda laughed as both babes pulled off their tops. I could see what Steve saw in Brenda. She had nice, round tits, easily bigger than his ex-girlfriend Pat's knockers. They were nice and full and a little bit flabby. They lay nicely on her chest with her long, erect nipples standing straight out, begging to be sucked. I was somewhat disappointed that she was with Steve until I turned and saw Vicki's naked tits.

Vicki's tits were at least a full cup size bigger. They were smaller than Jane's beauties but not by much. Large and oblong shaped, they spilled out and down her chest, then turned back out again. Her cute little nipples pointed slightly up. I guess her nips were normal sized; on her large tits they just seemed small. Steve whistled his approval. She turned and shook them for him as she was making her way up front. 

"Hey," Brenda said, punching him on the shoulder, "you're supposed to be looking at my boobs."

"Yes dear," he said, turning to her and sucking a tit. 

Turning back to me, Vicki stumbled and fell into my lap. "Look at that," she exclaimed proudly, "barely spilled a drop." She chugged the rest of her drink. 

"You really should be careful," I said, "there is a lot of alcohol in those drinks." 

"Fuck the alcohol," she cried out into the night, "let's party!" 

I had never heard her use the word fuck before. My only concern was if I'd get to fuck her before she passed out. Fortunately we were at our destination. I beached the boat and turned off the motor. Vicki spun around in my lap and faced me. Her tits were breathtaking, only inches from my lips. 

"Would you like to suck them?" she asked, seeing where my gaze was fixated.

"Baby," I replied, "I've dreamed about sucking your tits for years." 

"What are you waiting for, silly?" she asked, pulling my head to her breast, "a written invitation."

I stuck out my tongue and started licking. Vicki shook her tits back and forth, chasing my tongue from nipple to nipple. Her tits were even better than I had imagined; they certainly were bigger than I thought. I latched onto a nipple and bit down slightly as I sucked. Vicki moaned her approval. She ground her pussy into my lap as I licked and sucked her tits. From the sounds emanating from the back of the boat Steve and Brenda were having a good time as well. 

I was trying to think how to get Vicki's shorts off when she stood up and announced, "I have to pee. Want to go for a swim with me?" 

Even though the water was only waist deep I figured I'd better tag along to keep her from drowning. I had to hold her up by the tits to keep her from falling down as she pulled off her shorts and panties. From what I could see in the moonlight, she had a cute, bushy snatch. Steve had Brenda bent over the motor cover and was hard at work fucking her doggie. Vicki paused and watched for several minutes. 

"That looks like fun," she exclaimed. She leaned over and gave Steve a big, sloppy kiss telling him, "save a dance for me, will you baby." 

"No problem," he said as I helped her over the back of the boat. We waded over to the waist deep water. I had to hold her up and soon I felt a current of warmer water swirling around my cock and balls. Vicki giggled. I didn't mind, the river water washed it away. 

When she finished she slipped away saying, "If you can catch me you can fuck me." 

Fortunately she swam toward the sand bar. She was a good swimmer but no match for me. I let her get a few strokes ahead and caught her just as she was crawling out onto the sand bar. She looked more beautiful than ever under the stark contrast light of the moon. She looked over her shoulder, wordlessly begging to be fucked. The moon turned the drops of water clinging to her pussy hair to Silver as she bowed her legs, waiting. I hesitated briefly to grave the sight into my memory; I was only going to get to fuck Vicki for the first time once. I suppose naked, dripping wet under the moon and stars was as special as it ever got. I think she caught sight of my ten inch cock only moments before I slid it into her pussy. Her eyes grew as large as the moon and she moaned as my cock made its way deep inside her. 

"Sweet holy fuck," she exclaimed, "where have you been all my life?" 

"Trying to get you into this position," I replied.

"If I knew you had a cock like this we'd have been fucking 6 years ago." 

"I guess we'll just have to make up for lost time," I told her as I started pounding my rod in deep. 

After that her replies became mostly unintelligible other than a few "fuck me harder" or "oh fuck, I'm cuming." She was a surprisingly good fuck. She was either too drunk to care or was just a natural talent because she fucked with wild abandon. About the third or fourth time she threw her head back and howled at the moon I joined her orgasm and filled her pussy. Afterward, we lay in the ankle deep water making out. "That was so lovely, " she sighed, still slurring her words quite a bit, "why didn't we ever do that in high school?" 

"You wanted to be a virgin," I replied. 

She laughed, "I have a lot of catching up to do," she said as we made our way back to the boat. 

Steve and Brenda were sitting in the back seat making out. "I was just getting ready to come find you," Brenda said.

"Were you worried?" Vicki asked. 

"Naw," Steve replied, "we were just going to leave without you." 

We laughed as we helped Vicki back into the boat. She was still feeling no pain. I had to help her get dressed. We made it back and dropped the girls off with no further incident.

"Dang!" Steve said as he helped me tie the boat up, "who would have guessed Vicki was that big a cock hound." 

"It just goes to show the power of alcohol," I replied, "she's probably had that in her for years." 

"Let's do this again, " he chuckled, "I wouldn't mind giving her a try." 

"Sounds cool," I said, " if you hear from Brenda, let her know we want to go cruising again soon."

Journal Wednesday, June 19, 1984

Vicki called Wednesday and said she wanted to talk. I wasn't doing anything so I told her to come on over. I was hoping she wanted a repeat performance so I made sure I had plenty of beer and wine in the fridge and hit the shower. She arrived about 45 minutes later and I immediately got that sinking feeling; she was dressed like the old Vicki with loose jeans and a bulky shirt that made one wonder if she even had breasts. She gave me a peck on the cheek before sitting on the couch. "So, " I tentatively began, "did you have a good time the other night?" "That's what I wanted to find out, " she said, blushing, "I don't remember much. Brenda said I did but I wanted to ask you." 

"The answer is yes!" I joked. She just smiled shyly. "Would you like a beer?" I asked, heading to the kitchen.

"I don't think I should drink," she replied, "that seems to be my problem." 

"One drink won't hurt," I told her, "and it might help you relax." 

"Maybe just one drink," she agreed, "do you have any wine?" 

I returned with a bottle and two glasses. I poured the wine and toasted, "To good friends." 

She took a pretty hefty drink. She didn't chug it like before but she emptied half her glass. I refilled it. "Do you really think I should?" she asked. 

"I'll keep an eye on you," I smiled as she took another drink, "and I did try to warn you Saturday you were having too much to drink." 

"That was nice of you," she admitted, "I probably should have listened." 

"Well we did have an awful lot of fun," I told her. "If you're worried about remembering, I can set up my video camera and then if you have any questions we can play back the tape next time we get together." 

"That might be fun," she grinned, blushing again, "I'm pretty sure I can trust you." 

She smiled and took another drink while I set up the cam. I was coming to the realization that she was somewhat of a lush. She wanted so badly to get fucked that she used alcohol to overcome years of inhibitions. Her body language did seem to loosen up as she finished her glass of wine. She reached down and unbuttoned her top button while I refilled her glass. I had the TV on and she was starting to play to the camera a bit; another good sign. I figured I'd cut her off at two glasses. I was guessing that would be just enough to loosen her up without zapping her memory. "Would you like some help with those buttons?" I asked, setting down the bottle.

"What?" she asked, feigning surprise. 

"I'll let you in on a little secret," I smiled, "I saw them Saturday night." I slowly undid the rest of her buttons, revealing a cute, pink lace bra. "And," I added, "If you didn't want me to see them tonight, you probably wouldn't have worn such a cute bra." Her face blushed again but she smiled, bravely. I think the wine was kicking in nicely. "They're far too pretty to be covered," I told her. 

"Do you really think so?" she asked. I thought I detected a slight slur to her voice. She pushed out her chest and looked at herself in the TV. "I guess they're not too bad," she sighed. 

"Most girls would love to have your boobs. To the prettiest set of breasts I've ever seen," I said, raising my glass. We toasted and she drained her glass. I took her in my arms and we started making out, giving the wine time to kick in. She started slowly but before long she was pushing my tongue aside and thrusting hers deep into my mouth. She seemed ready for the next step so I asked her, "Did you want to slip out of that bra? I'd really love to see the rest of you."

"Are you sure I took my bra off last Saturday?" she giggled.

"Would I lie to you?" I smiled. 

"I suppose I can trust you, " she sighed. She grabbed the bottle and emptied it while I fumbled with her bra. "Do you have any more of this?" she asked. 

I figured what the fuck, if that's what it took to get her to go wild, who was I to stand in her way. I retrieved another bottle of wine. "Do you think I drink too much?" she asked. 

"Honey," I smiled, "as long as I get to look at the most beautiful set of tits I've ever seen, I don't mind." They were very fine looking tits, not quite as big as Jane's, but not by much. They were firm and oblong shaped with nice, hard nipples. "These look happy to see me," I grinned as she raised the bottle, "do you mind if I feel you up?" 

"Did I let you Saturday night?" she asked. 

"You sure did, " I smiled. 

She raised the bottle back to her lips which I took as a green light. I squeezed her tits together and flicked my tongue back and forth between her lovely, hard nipples. She guzzled the wine with one hand and held my head tight to her breast with the other. The way she was going it was a good thing we had the camera running. The way I saw it, the more she drank, the better she fucked. I was more concerned with getting both of her nipples into my mouth to suck. 

"You do that so well, " she moaned, setting down the bottle. 

"Tits as beautiful as these deserve special attention," I replied as my tongue snaked from one boob to the other. She seemed to enjoy it when I bit down on her nipples. "You should see what else I do well," I added between sucks.

"I'm curious," she grinned. She seemed to be getting just about drunk enough to take advantage of. Not quite as wasted as Saturday, but drunk enough. 

"To show you I'll have to slip your pants off," I smiled. 

"I don't know," she giggled, "did I let you take my pants off Saturday night?" 

"Actually no," I replied, "you took them off before I got the chance to ask you." 

"Well," she laughed, "I guess if you've already seen me naked..." 

She unbuttoned her pants and slid down the zipper. I knelt between her legs and pulled them off revealing her cute pink lace panties which were already wet. She grinned when I told her she must have been counting on my seeing her panties. I leaned down and licked her slit through the panties while she squirmed about the couch. "As pretty as these are," I said, "I think we're going to have more fun with them off." 

She raised her ass in the air and helped me slide them off. "What do we do now?" she sighed. 

"I go to work and you lay back and cum all over my face," I told her. I helped her pick her feet up and put them on the cushions. I looked back at the TV as she spread her legs wide and saw we were getting a great view of her cute little red haired pussy. I grinned and gave the camera a thumbs up with one hand while rubbing her clit with the other. Vicki lay back into the couch and moaned softly. As much as I enjoyed looking at her pussy on TV I enjoyed eating her more. I slipped my tongue between her luscious pussy lips to taste her nectar.

"You taste divine, " I told her. 

"My boyfriend never does that," she moaned, "it feels so fucking good. Is it alright if I cum?"

"That's the point of the exercise," I explained, "cum early and cum often." Show me a guy who doesn't eat pussy, I thought as I slid my tongue deep inside her pussy, and I'll show you a guy about to lose his girlfriend. "The more you cum, " I added, "the better I like it." 

"Oh fuck," she cried as her body began to quiver, "sweet holy fuck!" 

I reached up and squeezed her tits while she came. She grabbed the back of my head and held on until she finally finished. "That was wonderful," she sighed as I gently lapped up her fuck juices, "I need a drink." While she raised the bottle to her lips, I ran my tongue across her pussy lips. "Would you like a drink?" she asked. 

"You taste way better than any wine," I said with a grin, "but I might have a little sip."

"You're so sweet," she slurred "and you make me feel so good." 

"Not to ruin the moment, " I said, "because we're just getting started, but are you going to be OK to drive?" 

"I told my parents I was staying at Brenda's," she smiled, "I hope you don't mind." 

"That's great; we can play all night," I said, taking a swig of wine. She squealed as I drizzled some wine across her clit and pussy. Her squeals turned to moans as I licked it off, paying particular attention to her tender clit. "Oh fuck baby," she cried as she began to cum again, "how do you make me cum like this?" 

"Your pussy tastes so good," I replied, "it just cums naturally."

"I wish my boyfriend felt that way, " she sighed, "he doesn't like oral." 

"Forget about your boyfriend and just relax," I told her. As I went back to sucking her clit I slid a couple fingers into her warm, wet pussy. I slowly finger fucked her while biting down on her clit and flicking it with my tongue. I had a free hand so I slid a finger between her ass cheeks and started playing with her asshole. That's all it took as she started cuming again. She raised he ass up off the couch and started fucking my face with wild abandon, crying loudly as she came. I finally found the wild cum slut from Saturday night and it was great. All it took to turn her from a mild mannered sexless, conservative girl was a couple bottles of wine and a well placed tongue. She came long and loud and hard, covering my face with cum. 
