 The next afternoon, Sunday, the door bell rang. When I answered it, there was Alison. I motioned for her to enter and she did. As soon as I closed the door, she pulled off her shirt, unbuttoned her shorts and dropped them to the floor kicking off her sandals and the shorts leaving her totally naked. She then lay over the arm of my love seat with her butt in the air spreading her legs. She put her hands on her butt cheeks and spread them. Then she said the first words, "Is this what you had in mind so I get my ass fucked?"

"Oh, yeah," I replied. "It's time for you to get reamed!"

"Good, I want it hard and deep, and now!"

Since I was only wearing a pair of gym shorts, I dropped them down, kicked them away, stroked myself a couple of times to get fully hard and shoved my cock into her asshole without mercy or hesitation all the way to the root.

"Ooh, that's what I wanted! Give me that cock! Pump my ass! Bang me! Oh! Uh!" She continued to talk dirty while I pumped hard and deep into that great ass. It would be my first cum of the day and I could feel my juices rising. I slammed her ass trying to get every inch into her and then, after a few moments, erupted into her ass. After draining that first charge, I pulled out, turned her around, and she knelt to get the last drops from my balls and clean my cock of my cum and her ass juices.

As she stood up, the doorbell rang. I told her stay put. Alison looked a little troubled but did as she was told as I walked to the door and opened with my cock pointing straight out. My friends had come over. Tom, Jim, Lee and Tracey walked in. Tracey said, "I see you started without me this time. Did you fill her up?"

"Yes," I replied. But she's juicey for you."

"Oh, goody," she exclaimed. Looking at Alison, she said, "Get up and bend over." Alison looked at me and I nodded. Alison got in position and Tracey knelt down behind her and started licking her cunt and asshole cleaning my cum from her ass including a bit that had leaked down one of her legs.

As Tracey was teaching Alison to enjoy getting sucked, Tom, Jim, and Lee were quickly stripping down to skin. Alison had a funny look on her face. She was enjoying Tracey's lips and tongue working her holes but didn't understand what was happening. However, when Lee put his cock to her face, she quickly sucked him down to the root. "Man, that's good! Suck my cock, Bitch!" he exclaimed.

Jim came up behind Tracey and pulled her away from Alison. He moved behind her and planted his hard cock into her asshole. Alison grunted when he got all the way in. Tracey stood and quickly disrobed. Tim lay down and Tracey mounted him taking his cock into her cunt. I watched for a second. Then I pushed Tracey down on Tim and pushed my cock into her butt giving her the "old dp treatment."

Jim was quickly moving to a cum as was Lee in Alison's mouth. Alison was feeling both cocks move in her body as the guys rushed to orgasm with her carried along with them. Lee was first and let loose from his balls a blast that coated Alison's mouth and throat as she sucked his load into her stomach. As his cock was softening, Jim released his load into her butt generating a cry of joy from Alison as she came and constricted her ass tube around Jim's spasming cock. Jim hollered, "Yeah, squeeze my cock with your ass! Milk my load!"

Tracey and Tim were next coming together with Tracey taking a full load from Tim into her cunt. I continued to ram Tracey's ass without stopping for her orgasm until my balls pumped their second load of the day right in her ass. With a groan, I rolled off Tracey and lay on my back.

Alison moved off the love seat and knelt between my legs and took my cock into her mouth to clean my load. When she finished, I pointed at Tracey and she moved behind Tracey to suck the cum from her ass hole and cunt.

Tim had moved up so Tracey could suck his cock clean. She sucked all the cum, hers and his, off and continued until he was hard again. Then he got up and moved behind Alison shoving his cock into her ass. Alison liked that as she said, "Oh, yes! Fill my ass with your cock! Put it in all the way!"

Tim's response was to fuck her ass and say, "You're just a buttslut. All you want is to get your ass fucked."

"Yes, yes, yes. Anything. Just fuck my ass!"

Tim pulled them over on their backs still remaining in her ass pumping her hole. When they got situated, Lee moved in front of her and, pushing her back onto Tim, pushed his cock into her cunt. The two then fucked her holes hard which she loved as she came and came. Tracey came over to my cock and started sucking it to bring it back to life. Jim came behind her and pushed into her cunt fucking her and pushing her face into my groin as she swallowed my cock to the hilt. Alison began to moan and ask to be fucked harder and Tim and Lee did their best to slam her deeply with their cocks. "Pump my holes! Slam those cocks deep!" She demanded. "Fill me with your loads! Give me your come! Don't stop! Harder! Ooh! More! Eei!" That last occurred when Lee started pinching and pulling her nipples. Alison went off like a firecracker pulling the guys with her. "Cumminngg! Pump me! Ooh! Hard! Now!!" Tim later said he had never felt an ass contract around his cock like hers did.

Lee shouted, "Take my cum, Bitch! Feel it going in your cunt! I feel your cunt ripple on my cock!"

All three came together. Lee pulled out of her cunt and moved up to her mouth giving her his wet cock to clean. Alison licked his cock and took it deep into her throat to get every drop of her and his cum off it. Tim rolled her over and off his cock and body. They lay, Tim on his back and Alison on her stomach, catching their breath from the hard fuck. I had gotten hard from Tracey's sucking my cock. Jim had shot a load into her cunt and had leaned back to rest.

Alison moved to her knees and looked around. She moved over to Tim and sucked his cock clean of cum and ass juices. Then she moved to Jim and licked his cock clean. Seeing a bit of cum leak out of Tracey who was still sucking my cock, she moved behind Tracey and started sucking her cunt. Tracey got off again and pulled off my cock to lay on the floor. Alison looked up at me. I pointed my finger up and motioned for her to turn around. I then pulled her back onto my lap and let my cock slide up her ass and we rested with my cock buried to the hilt in her butt.

"Wow! That was great! I loved it."

"How about licking Tracey?" I asked.

"That was good, too. She has a good taste. I love sucking the cum loads from her holes. I didn't know girls could be so much fun. Ooh!" I shifted in her ass and got more comfortable as my cock stayed buried. "I want more. I want it hard and deep. I like to have my holes pounded. I want to be dp'd again and a cock in my mouth."

"Well, I guess we'll have to do that and make you air tight."

"Ooh, that sounds soo hot!"

"Would you like to know who is fucking you, nasty girl?"

"I guess so, as long as they fuck me again."

"That's Jim, Tim, Lee, and Tracey," I said as I pointed to each one.

Tracey asked, "Who is she?"

"She is Alison," I replied.

"Alison, have you ever sucked cunt or ass before?" she asked.

"No, but I loved it. I will suck your holes any time you want."

"Good" Tracey turned her back to Alison moved her body close to Alison as she slowly rode my cock in her ass. Tracey spread her legs and bent forward. Alison immediately leaned forward a little and started to lick her pushing her tongue deep into her ass. Alison raised her arms to Tracey's hips and pulled her closer and she worked her tongue into her ass and then moved to her cunt. She continued to move from one hole to the other until Tracey started to orgasm. I wasn't still and eventually shot a load into Alison's willing asshole. Both girls moaned to their cums. I gently but firmly pushed Alison off my cock. She moved off but turned around and sucked me to the root to get every drop of cum. Tracey quickly realized what had happened and turned around to suck my load from Alison's ass.

None of us guys were ready yet so the girls moved into a sixty-nine position and continued to eat each other out.

We all watched as Alison and Tracey pushed their tongues into each other's cunt and ass trying to give each other as much pleasure as possible. Tracey pushed two fingers into Alison's cunt. She wiggled them around, then added a third, and then added her fourth. Alison moaned into Tracey's cunt. Tracey folded her thumb down and pushed her entire hand into Alison's cunt. "Oh, wow! What are you doing? It feels great! Ooh! You are so big in me. More! Give me more! Fill me! Ooh!"

"How do you like my hand in your cunt?" Tracey asked. "Do you want more? Do you like it when I wiggle my fingers? Should I work your ass?"

"I love it! Jam your hand in all the way! Move your fingers! Wiggle them! Push harder! Deeper! Ooh, yes! Do my ass! Do me everywhere, anywhere! Ooh!"

With those exclamations, Tracey pushed two fingers from her other hand into Alison's ass and gave up any pretense of using her mouth while her hand disappeared half way to her elbow in Alison's cunt and she added a third finger to Alison's ass. Alison wasn't doing much to Tracey as her body absorbed the feelings from between her legs. Tracey added a fourth finger stretching Alison's anal ring tightly.

We watched with a bit of amazement as Tracey's thumb folded in and her hand pushed into Alison's ass with a pop. "Oh, that is soo good! I feel totally full. My ass is soo full of your hand and my cunt feels full. Hurt me! Pump my holes! Hard! Push them deep! Give me more! Don't stop! I'm cumming! Aiee!" Alison kept screaming and then cuming until she was exhausted and just lay on the floor shuddering to the feelings as Tracey kept moving her fingers in her holes. After it was obvious that Alison had finally reached the point at which she could not respond to more stimulation, Tracey slowly withdrew her hands from Alison's tired body. She moved up to Alison and kissed her gently. Alison just lay there with her mouth open and her body quivering to the feeling still working through her body.

By then, there were a couple of hard cocks from Tim and Lee. Tracey saw them eying her body and smiled. They moved forward with Lee laying on the floor. Tracey straddled him and took his cock into her cunt. She leaned forward and Tim pushed his cock into her ass. They started to pump her holes deep and slow. Tracey started moaning which got Alison's attention making her smile at the sight.

After the guys filled Tracey's holes, Alison moved over to lick their cocks and then suck the cum from Tracey's ass and cunt.

Everyone rested a while and then returned to their homes for the night. Tracey didn't dress and got in the car naked. Alison saw that and went home without her clothes.