 My husband wrote a manuscript once before detailing the true story of a threesome that my husband and I had with a close friend of his. It was our "once in a lifetime tryst," and as such we named that story, "Once in a lifetime."

Until recently that title would hold true. Read on if you dare.

* * * *

This time I'm doing the writing because my husband, Sam, wasn't there when the action occurred.

First let me describe myself to you. My name is Jackie and I am a short (five feet tall), petite woman in my mid-thirties and I have been blessed with large breasts and a thin waist. I have heard through the grape vine that the catty woman in my community have speculated as to whether or not I have had breast implants. These women probably are depressed about the sorry state of their own bodies, or have nothing better to do than to talk about my tits behind my back. 

I suppose that they are merely jealous, but if you must know, I will tell you that my boobs are natural.

I didn't always have these 36 D's, but when I had the two babies and nursed them, my boobs grew larger. I have always been concerned with my diet and exercise, so I lost the pregnancy weight very quickly after having both kids, but as long as I nursed the babies my boobs stayed large. Like I said, I'm blessed.

If you read the account of our manage et toi, you found out that we had our first three-way sex encounter about two years ago. It was completely unplanned, but was awesome. My husband's friend had the largest cock that I've ever seen, it measured just over 10 inches when erect and I fucked and sucked that huge dick. Read that story; I don't think you'll be sorry that you did.

I am a "stay at home housewife" and mother of two children. My children are in nursery school and kindergarten and I have some time on my hands during the daytime hours to masturbate. There's nothing I enjoy more than a quiet afternoon at home when I can relax with my vibrator or dildo and pop a porn video into the CD player.

To say that I am at my sexual peak is an understatement. I've heard that woman reaches their sexual peak around the mid to late thirties and I am no exception.

Lately I've been eyeballing men like never before and I'm finding my thoughts constantly and involuntarily move in the direction of sexual fantasy.

One afternoon, having grown tired of my inventory of porn movies I decided to do something that I previously considered taboo: I visited an adult video store. I had been watching a video that I had viewed countless times and had become bored with. So I pulled on an old pair of cotton shorts an oversized T-shirt and my favorite sandals and decided to take the trip.

I had always sent my husband out to these places whenever I craved a new video, but this time it was smack in the middle of a late spring afternoon. Who would see me there? What harm could come to me in the middle of the day? It seemed like a safe adventure.

So I went.

It was your typical adult store in the middle of a strip mall of various stores and a Pizza Hut. Inside there was a section devoted to sex toys along one wall. Porn videos in tape and DVD format lined the walls and shelves throughout. 

As I began to examine the movies I took a good look around. The store was virtually deserted. Aside from the store clerk sitting at the cash register there were one or two men examining the merchandise.

That's when I notice the price-tags on most of these movies were around fifty bucks. I guess when my husband was buying these videos I was sheltered from the money part.

I grabbed two movies that looked good based on the pictures on the box and went over to the clerk at the cash register. He looked to be of Middle Eastern descent.

"Fifty dollars for a movie is pretty steep, especially in today's economy, don't you think?" I said to him.

"That's the price. You picked out movies that are of high quality. We have cheaper movies, but they won't be as...entertaining." He answered with a sly grin.

"But I don't even know if these are going to be good. Can I return a movie if I don't like it?"

He told me that there was no returning an open video. Then he suggested that if I wanted to preview part of the movie he could arrange for me to watch a portion of it in the video booths in the rear of the store. For a dollar I could buy a token that would allow me to watch about ten minutes of the movie in a private booth.

Thinking that this was acceptable I agreed and he brought me to the back of the store. Behind another door was a private area in which a long narrow hallway was lined on each side with these booths. I noticed some of the booths had a red light above it that indicated the booth was "in use."

I had never seen, nor heard of this before, but was intrigued at the prospect of what was going on behind these closed doors. The store clerk led me to a booth near the center of the area which was the only one not currently occupied. He told me to go inside and put the token in the slot and he would put one of my movies on the TV for me.

I entered the booth. All the booths had a red door to enter through. I closed this door, but left it slightly ajar as if to indicate that I was not a serious viewer; I didn't need absolute privacy. I was merely shopping and would be leaving the booth shortly. I assumed that people who locked the doors were doing private things inside. That was not what I was doing here.

The interior of the booth was small and was lit by a single light on the ceiling. There was a chair to sit on and a TV screen directly in front of it. Once I put the token in the machine, the light inside the booth turned off automatically, and I assumed that the red light outside the booth went on.

I heard some clicking sounds from outside as the channel was being selected for me by the store clerk. Then my movie came on.

Other than the movie popping on the TV, the first thing I noticed once the light went out was that there were windows on both the left and right side of the walls of my viewing booth. These windows gave the occupant a view as to what was going on inside their neighbors booths on both sides.

Afraid to look through the windows, I focused my eyes upon the TV in front of me. Shortly thereafter, I heard and saw movement by the window to my left. A hand was at the bottom of the window and the fingers pushed the window upwards a couple of inches.

My heart began to thud in my chest. I continued to stare at the TV.

Suddenly a large white erect penis slid into my booth via the open window from the left. Startled, I looked over. A man had his body pressed to the window glass. He had a washboard stomach and he was completely shaven down there. His large penis had a head as big as a plumb and was a bit purple in color as well.

The man was slightly grinning at me. I felt compelled to touch his cock. I wanted to touch it, but I was frightened. 

I reached over from where I was sitting and grabbed a hold of his thick cock. It was very warm in my hand. I began to stroke him. He made little grunting sounds. It was a big dick and was very thick.

My heart raced faster with anxiety and fear, but I also began to get excited and wet. My legs began to tremble a little and I felt a little bit dizzy.

Then I saw movement to my right. To my surprise the guy in the room to that side had completely opened his window and stood there facing me. Like the other guy, he was completely naked. He had tattoos all over his arms which almost made it appear like he was wearing shirt sleeves. He looked like a biker dude.

Suddenly from directly behind myself I sensed movement and realized that someone was standing behind me in the booth. I silently cursed myself for leaving the door ajar. Two black guys were standing there in the doorway. They both had removed their pants and were bottomless. Both men had large erections as well. I turned back to the movie as one of the black guys sat down in the viewing chair behind me. 

With expert hands, the men behind me pulled my T-shirt over my head and worked my bra off of me, as my large breasts bounced free. Hands from behind me pulled and squeezed at my nipples and softly massaged my tits.

I wanted to duck and hide, and I wanted to run away, but deep down I knew what I really wanted was for these men to fuck the crap out of me. I felt my wetness begin to dribble down the inside of my thighs. So I decided to do both: I ducked down, turned to my left and put the cock of the guy with the purple-plumb head into my mouth. I began to work his cock in and out of my mouth. His dick was hot and very hard and tasted a bit salty with sweat.

From this vantage point I could see that the black guy who was now sitting in the viewing chair was stroking his cock as well. It was long and thick and it looked like a length of pepperoni.

Now that my back was to the Biker Dude, he took advantage of the situation by pulling my shorts and panties down around my ankles. Someone lifted one of my feet and the shorts and panties were off. As I bent over and was sucking purple-heads cock, I felt a hand slide between my thighs and it began to play with my pussy.

I was completely naked except for my sandals.

Then the black guy in my chair was pulling my head over towards his dick. Obviously he wanted me to suck his cock. I had never sucked the cock of a black man before. I took him on my mouth and instantly tasted his pre-cum. It was salty and sweet at the same time and had the effect of an aphrodisiac. I was completely gone now, lost in this lust. Someone grabbed my right hand and placed it on purple-heads cock and I stroked him at the same time.

Biker dude had a hold of my hips and he pulled my backside over towards his window as I continued to suck on the black guy's dick. His chair swiveled with my movements. Then biker dude pulled my thighs apart and began sucking and licking at my pussy.

I felt like I was in heaven, except my legs were trembling more and more with fatigue.

"Let the lady sit down, man," said Purple Head to the black guy.

I needed to sit down, so I straightened up, releasing the black guys cock from my mouth.

The black guy stood up and stepped aside. I turned around and sat down in the viewing chair as someone else put some more tokens in the booths machine. The black guy who had been sitting was now inside the room with his back to the TV. He picked up my legs placing my left foot into the open left window and my right foot through Biker dudes window as my butt slid down the seat right to its' edge. My legs were spread very wide and I watched him as he knelt down and began to eat my pussy. The other black guy was still behind me and he reached over my seat and grabbed a hold of my nipple and began to pull on them lightly.

My feet were through the windows and both Purple Head and Biker Dude flipped off my sandals and, as if on cue, they began to suck on my toes hungrily. I was never more stimulated on so many parts of my body at the same time.

I watched Black Guy eat my pussy as he sucked and pulled on my pussy lips with his own lips. Then he would attack my clit with his tongue and teeth. I felt myself reaching orgasm and he sensed it too. He stopped eating me and I watched as he squatted down and positioned his cock at my vaginal opening. He entered me and began to fuck me hard, slamming me. He had a long hanging scrotum and it was spanking my asshole as he thrusted into me.

"Yeah...Fuck her!" said Biker Dude.

Black guy didn't last long and he pulled out of me and shot a lot of his cum onto my belly and tits. He must have had a nice orgasm because his body was shaking a lot. He wanted to leave, so he stepped over my left leg and walked out of the booth.

Next Biker Dude climbed into my booth through the open window. He quickly knelt down and continued to eat my pussy expertly. He nibbled in the right areas and licked in the right areas. Then as I was about to climax, just like Black Guy, he stopped eating me, squatted down in front of me and positioned his cock, ready to fuck me too. His cock was a lot smaller then both black guy and Purple head. He entered my pussy with a low guttural grunting sound.

Biker Dude was the "vocal" one in the group, and he said things like, "feels so good," and "just like that" and things of that nature.

As he fucked me, the other black guy who was behind me leaned over me and began to suck on my nipples. It was then that I noticed that there was someone new in Biker Dudes booth. He was an older man with grey hair and he began to rub my legs and suck my toes. What's with all the toe sucking?

"Gonna cum," exclaimed Biker Dude and he stood up and he came, shooting his cum towards me. Some cum landed on my face and tits while some more landed in my hair. It was quite a shot and I think he was proud of himself.

Biker Dude then stepped out the same was that Black Guy did. The next thing that I know, Purple Head was between my legs eating me. It felt so good and I so badly wanted to cum, but he wouldn't let me. Like the others, he squatted down and aimed his huge cock-head at my opening. His head was much larger than the other guys' heads, but his cock was larger as well and much thicker. 

I wondered what it would feel like, and if he would have any trouble entering me.

He slid his purple head just inside me lips which wrapped around his cock head. My lips were so swollen that they looked bigger than I've ever seen them.

He began to push a little and when he encountered resistance he waited for a few seconds before pushing again. His huge head entered my pussy with a thocking/slurping sounds and he began to open me up. The feeling of having my pussy stretched so much was incredible. My eyes rolled up inside my head a little and my mouth hung open agape in a breathless/soundless scream.

He screwed my like this for what felt like an eternity. Each time his cock head began to pull back out of me, it opened up my pussy opening very wide and his cock head came into contact with my clit. This rhythm of clit stimulation is what finally put me over the edge as I rocked with orgasm.

"She's coming," said someone.

Purple head continued to fuck me until he came. He made no effort to pull out of me, nor would I have wanted him to. I felt his spasms and felt the gush of his hot semen inside of me as I rocked again with my second orgasm in less than five minutes.

Finally, spent, Purple Head pulled out of me and I closed my eyes in exhaustion.

"Not so fast girl" said the other black guy who had patiently waited his turn. He climbed between my legs and incredibly began to suck on my pussy apparently not concerned with eating another mans cum. He ate my pussy for a long time as I began to feel the beginnings of another possible orgasm approaching. 

As he ate me, Purple Head was licking and sucking on my nipples. They were so sensitive. "You have the best tits." He said quietly.

Could I cum again? I thought it was very possible. The combination of getting eaten out again while having my nipples played with and my toes sucked was getting me closer and closer. I began to breathe heavy and I noticed that Purple Heads cock began to get hard again as he played with my tits. His dick bobbed in front of my face and I grabbed it and placed it into my mouth and sucked on him.

All of this was too much for me and I couldn't hold out any longer. My orgasm made my head spin.

"Damn, she's unbelievable," said Purple Head.

I was so wet from the combination of my vaginal juices and the saliva that the wetness flowed down from my pussy, over my ass and onto the seat.

Suddenly Purple Head exploded in my mouth. I tasted his salty, hot cum and I sucked hard on the head, not letting him pull it out.

"Now it's my turn," said the Black Guy who had just been eating me. He was very tall and his dick was long. "Your ass is wet enough to handle my cock. Have you ever been fucked in the ass before?"

"No. Never," I said. "I don't like pain. Will it hurt?"

"Not the way that I will do it."

He did not wait for my permission. Instead he pulled my feet from the windows and pushed them back over my head, bringing my ass up.

He placed his cock at the opening of my tiny ass and slowly pushed his head into the opening. I felt an intense burning sensation on my asshole.

"Don't tighten up," he said, "just relax and it will feel real good. You certainly are lubed enough with your own juices."

Purple Head leaned over, braced his hands against the far wall, and began to lick my clit. I think he was doing this to help me relax.

"Relax that ass. Breathe deeply," said the black guy. He began to ease his cock into my tiny opening as Purple Head continued to eat my pussy.

At first the burning and pain was intense, but as I began to breathe deeply and relax a bit, I began to loosen up and I felt him easing his long cock deep inside my ass.

To be honest it didn't feel bad at all. Perhaps it was because the burning feeling was gone. I can't say that it felt pleasure full, but it wasn't bad at all. Purple Head was still nibbling on my pussy too.

The Black Guy began thrusting in and out of my ass, when Purple Head said, "Let's both fuck her."

They got off of me and made me stand up as Purple Head sat down in the chair and said to me, "get on top of me, and straddle me."

Facing him I climbed on top and carefully eased his big cock head into my vagina. It felt so good going in as he was opening me up wide.

The Black Guy got behind me and spread my cheeks and slowly entered my ass. It went in much easier now.

The feeling of having a cock in each of my holes was indescribable. They both fucked me this way for quite a while as I felt my own orgasm approaching yet again.

I felt completely filled up my cock. Amazing. They fucked the crap out of me until I came again. That's when I felt the black guy spasming inside my ass as he unloaded inside me. He slowly pulled his shrinking cock from my ass which was beginning to become sore.

Purple head wasn't finished yet. He licked and sucked my breasts which were swinging in his face as he fucked me, fucked me and fucked me some more.

Finally I came deep inside me and it was over.

We were all spent as we wordlessly got dressed and exited the adult shop.

I never did buy the videos. I didn't see the point after all the sex I just had.

I'm reasonably sure that the store clerk new what was happening back in the booths. How could he not have?

That night I told Sam all about my adventure and he got turned on. I guess deep down guys want to think of their woman as sex-crazed as they are themselves.

He said he was turned on by my adventure and needed me to help him relieve his tension.