 Background: Mahesh and Kavita are a couple in India married for over 20 years. Mahesh is in his early fifties and Kavita his wife is five years younger to him. Both are physically fit and sexually attractive and active.

A couple of years ago they got into the swinging lifestyle accidentally, when they had a chance encounter with another couple Pinky and Rahul on a cruise. Both couples loved the experience so much that they have now expanded their circle to include a set of likeminded couples who meet up regularly on vacations to make the best of each other's company.

It was early June when Mahesh and Kavita were busy making plans to make their bi annual swinging vacation with their friends to Goa. Goa was one of the favorite destinations, and particularly in the monsoons. They loved the privacy they got in most of the larger resorts - being an off season for the tourists. The rains also made the place romantic and an opportunity for the couples to play outdoors also. 

Kavita had been hitting the gym every day to tone up her already sexy body even more. She was looking forward to getting royally pounded by the guys, in particular was excited at the thought of Rahul and Sudhir filling up both holes in a threesome. Mahesh himself was already fantasizing about Rani and Pinky sucking on his dick while he ate out Kavita's wet pussy. 

Loud ring of his cellphone woke Mahesh up from his sexy dreams. He looked at his watch and was wondering as to who would be calling him this early.

At the other end was Jim Hogan president of the multinational corporation that Mahesh worked for. "Sorry to wake you up at this hour Mahesh, but this couldn't wait till later," said Jim. 

Jim was apologetic as he spoke "Hate to tell you this to you just as you are leaving for your break , but the McCalan account has got into a bit of a mess and the directors out there are wanting you to get there and sort out the situation personally. Or else they are threatening to pull the plug on the project."

Mahesh immediately felt disappointed at having to take a break from his vacation, but at the same time realized how important this account was to his company. Reluctantly he agreed to change his plans, and turned to break the news to Kavita who was just stirring awake. 

"So who is it waking you up so early darling?" she purred, "Is it pinky trying to seduce you before she meets you in person?" she joked. 

Rahul broke the news about his trip to Scotland to her and her face fell in disappointment.

Rahul insisted that she go ahead with the rest and that he would join them after he wraps up his business quickly in the UK.

"All the guys would be disappointed if you did not turn up sweetheart and there would be one pussy extra to keep the boys busy," he said.

Mahesh quickly called his office and got them to book him on the next British Airways flight to Heathrow and onward to Glasgow. He made quick check of his schedule and realized that while he would wrap up his meetings on Thursday and Friday he would have his return flight to Mumbai only on Sunday morning leaving him the weekend free in Scotland.

He quickly packed his bag for the business trip and asked Kavita to take all the vacation stuff with her. Giving her a quick kiss he rushed off to the Airport for his flight. On the flight stretched out comfortably in his Business class lounge he quickly read through his meeting papers and got himself some sleep in anticipation of his long meeting ahead. 

Once in London he learned that his connecting flight was delayed by an hour and decided to make a couple of quick calls to good friends Arun and Viju.

Arun and Viju were very dear friends who unfortunately had separated a couple of years ago and lived separately. Mahesh though originally was a friend of Arun was very fond of Viju too and a chance encounter had led to an explosive sexual session, with her just after her break up.

Mahesh had thought that it was a rebound from Arun and had not had a chance to meet her after that. After exchanging quick pleasantries with Arun Mahesh dialed Viju not sure if he would find her at home.

Vijus tingling voice answered on the third ring and Mahesh felt his heart beat a little faster as the thoughts of their steamy encounter flashed through his mind. 

"Viju darling how have you been?" he asked. 

Viju was thrilled to hear from Mahesh after so long. Even though she had moved on after Arun, and had dated a couple of men, the one night stand that she had experienced with Mahesh lingered in her mind all through.

"Mahesh where are you and when are you coming to meet me "she cooed. "The kids are away on a summer camp till this weekend and I am sitting at home twiddling thumbs" she said.

Mahesh explained that he was transiting London enroute to Glasgow.

"Viju if the Kids are away why don't you join me in Glasgow for the weekend? I will be done by Friday afternoon and have to leave only by Sunday morning. I am sure that we can find lots to do in between." he said naughtily.

Viju burst out laughing and replied that she could think of hundreds of things and ways to do all the sexy things he had in mind. She told him that she would take the morning train and get into Glasgow by noon. Mahesh gave her the details of the hotel and told her that he would leave instructions at the desk to let her in.

Next Mahesh called Kavita to check if she had got into Goa on time. He was happy to speak to her and she happily told him that she was with her friend and already on her third glass of wine and topless. 

"Darling we are deciding if Sudhir should eat my pussy first or if I should give him a blow job" she whispered in to the phone.

He laughed and told her to go for it, he also told her about Viju joining him at Glasgow. Kavita asked him to take good care of her, since she has been through a lot. She told him to get her into the swinging lifestyle since she was now free and ready to mingle. 

Friday morning as Mahesh was sipping his coffee and going through his FB page he suddenly saw a post from Shilpa and Raj saying that they were on a holiday in Glasgow. Shilpa is a successful Indian actress and her Hubby Raj was a successful business man. Shilpa had modeled for one of Mahesh companies products and it was then that they had met the couple at one of their wild parties.

Mahesh and Kavita were first timers and were awed at the number of celebrities and models who were present. They had seriously suspected that Shilpa and Raj were swingers and that the party would have a lot of behind the scene couplings later in the night. That night they had left early with Shilpa dropping hints that they would love to get closer to them the next time. 

Before he left for work he sent a quick message to Shilpa saying that he was also in town with a beautiful companion and that they could meet if their schedule permitted.

Fortunately Mahesh was able to get his work wrapped up quickly and concluded a successful meeting over a couple of Gin Tonics with Lord McCallan at the club.

It was two in the afternoon when Mahesh headed back to his Suite at the Grosvenor Hilton. In anticipation of meeting Viju, He had called the hotel earlier and asked them to leave a bottle of Krug Champagne in the room chilling to start the celebrations.  

As he opened the door to the suite he could not see Viju anywhere around, but then he heard sounds coming from the bath room. Moving to the bedroom he could see her overnight bag on the luggage rack and her shoes outside the bath room.

As he knocked on the bath door he heard her call out asking him to come in. Viju was there in a foamy bath in the tub, all her body covered by bubbles and head resting back enjoying the warmth of the water.

Mahesh got in and bent down to give her a quick kiss and asked her how was her trip. 

"Mahesh be a darling and get me a Gin Tonic while I enjoy my bath, I need to be fresh and ready for all the activities you would have planned!" she said with a wink.

Mahesh grinned and fixed her a stiff Gin T which was her fav drink. As he handed her glass to him she raised herself tantalizingly and pulled his head down to give him a sloppy kiss. Her breast rose above the water but just enough to show her swell and keep the nipples out of sight.

"Cheers darling enjoy your drink and bath, but don't torment a lover for long," he said and went out to get out of his office clothing.

Mahesh quickly changed into a pair of shorts and T shirt and checked his messages on FB. He was happy to see that Shilpa had left a message to join them for a party they were having at a local castle where they were staying. She ended her invitation with a cryptic line that said that we hope to see and feel more of you and your friend that we did last time.

Mahesh was excited of the thought of joining Raj and Shilpa for a foursome and thought it would be a perfect way to induct Viju to the swinging circuit. 

Since the evening chill was setting in Mahesh got the gas fire place going to set the room to a cozy temperature and moved the furniture around the fireplace and placed a few cushions on the thick carpet. 

As he fixed himself a large Mc Callan 21 (courtesy his client) the bath room door opened and Viju walked out like a vision from a fairy tale.

She had washed and blow dried her hair and taken her time in getting on some subtle make up that highlighted her high cheek bones. Mahesh noticed that she had got herself a hair job in the 1930 style with a thick mop combed to one side. 

She wore bright red lipstick that made her lips pout and black eyeliner that highlighted her beautiful eyes. She had wrapped herself in a silk dressing gown that was open In the center and showed off her long slim legs. She held a cigarette in one hand and a martini glass in the other and stood there with her legs crossed and blew a kiss at Mahesh like a moll from the old gangster movies.

Mahesh let out a loud whistle of appreciation at her appearance and stood there taking in her beauty and sexiness for a few seconds.

Her proud breasts were straining against the silk (36 C) and it was obvious that her nipples were erect from arousal.

In a daze Mahesh walked up to her and took her fingertips and gently kissed the back of her palm. He crooked his hand and she put her arm through the loop and he gently walked her to the fireplace.

While one side of him wanted to catch her and strip her off the nightdress the other wanted to savor the moment and make love to this classy girl rather than fuck her like a slut. He led her slowly to the ground and as she leaned back on the cushions he slipped his arm around her hips and drew her closer to him. 

She looked deeply into his eyes and sighed and he drew her into a kiss. He kissed her ever so gently slowly parting the ruby red lips with his tongue gently probing. She came closer and wrapped her hands around his head and began to open her mouth to let his probe her completely.

Soon they were caught up in the throes of passion and he reached up and slid her night dress aside. As expected she was naked as a baby underneath and he reached up and cupped her breast taking her nipples between his thumb and fore finger. 

She let out a moan and arched up her back. She pulled his head down to her proud breasts and engorged nipples. Mahesh took turns sucking both of them and nibbling on them squeezing them and feeling the firmness. Kavita had a great pair of tits but this lady's boobs were like that of a 25 year old firm and erect.

Mahesh couldn't have enough and continued his assault and Viju was enjoying it thoroughly from the sounds that she was making. 

She managed to pull his T shirt off his back and was running her fingers through his hairy chest and trying to reach for his cock. Realizing that she wanted to feel him he stopped and quickly got out of his shorts and as his erect cock came out Viju grabbed it and started sucking on it like a child with her first lollipop. 

In the meanwhile Mahesh moved behind her back and slipped off her night dress and she was there kneeling on the ground and giving him a blow job like it was the last cock in the world. Mahesh was in complete ecstasy as she alternately sucked his cock head and balls.

As she was squatting on the ground he reached between her legs and probed her slit with his toe. As she continued sucking she quickly got the idea and spread her thighs to give him better access to her dripping pussy. Mahesh positioned his toe at her entrance and started to rub against the slit and she stared to moan while sucking him which heightened his pleasure. By now Mahesh could feel his orgasm build up and he begged her to stop sucking because he wanted to come in her pussy and not her mouth.

Mahesh raised her and was about to place her on the couch so that he could get a chance to eat her pussy, but Viju was too horny for that.

"Plenty of time for that later," she said and turned around on fours to face the full length mirror in the room, she wiggled her perfect bottom in the air and said" I want you to fuck me doggy style as I watch you in the mirror."

Needing no further encouragement Mahesh spread her ass and for a moment looked lovingly at her puckered asshole, changed his mind and held his throbbing cock and guided himself into her wet pussy. 

Viju was so horny that she started to scream as he entered her and began to push herself back to take as much of his cock into her warm pulsating cunt.

Mahesh usually liked to settle inside a pussy and get the feel before he stated to stroke , but this time he knew that there was no time for such action. He reached forward and grabbed both Viju's tits in his hand and raised her head and started to pond her. Viju started to moan and began to say" Fuck me you bastard take this pussy , pound me, use me like your whore!". 

All this dirty talk got Mahesh more excited and he started to pound into her like a mad man. Normally a man who likes to control the pace of the fucking he would have varied his speed to make himself go longer. But today he realized that Viju was in a wild mood and there was no point in slowing the pace.

He kept squeezing her tits hard and slammed into her with loud noises every time his hips came in contact with her buttocks. "Oooooh God I am cummmmmming" screamed Viju and Mahesh could feel her cunt clamping down on his cock. He could feel his seed getting ready to spurt

"Here I cum for you baby. Filling up your cunt with my seed you whore" he said as he shot loads after loads of cum into her pussy. 

Exhausted and sweating they both collapsed on the couch his semi hard cock still inside her and the combined juices dribbling down their legs.

After recovering their breaths Viju reached up and gently kissed Mahesh and whispered her thanks.

"That was one of the best for me. Kavita is a lucky girl to have a stud like you, but I wonder what she will have to say if she knows what we are up to now" she smiled.

To which Mahesh took the cue and said "Why don't we take a picture of ourselves and send it to her right now?"

Seeing the shock and confusion on her face Mahesh explained to her about their open marriage, and how their swinging lifestyle had actually brought them closer, and instead of being jealous, they actually liked to see each other with other partners.

"In fact she told me to make you feel good when I meet up with you. She probable has Sudhir fucking her doggy style while she is blowing Rahul, or probably Rahul would have got into her ass by now which is his favorite. So why don't we take a selfie of ourselves and send it to our friends in Goa."

Initially Viju was shy at the thought, but she decided to play along. They took a couple of pictures with Viju sucking him and some of Mahesh eating her pussy. Some close up of her bald pussy for Sudhir and Rahul to enjoy and shared them by WhatsApp. Immediately they received full approval and a lot of pictures of the action in Goa.

As they cuddled Mahesh popped the bottle of Champagne he poured two glasses and said we raise a toast to new lifestyle for Viju. She giggled and said "What more surprised do you have for me you naughty lover?" 

"For starters I want to fuck your ass, after you blow me and then how about ending it all up with an Orgy in a castle?" he said charmingly. 

Viju was wonderstruck Orgy that too in a castle would be the best weekend ever in her life , "but first things first" she said as she reached up to his hardening cock and taking it into her mouth...

To be continued...