 There was 'something' in the air those few days before I was invited to join Marv and his wife, June, for drinks and BBQ at their place, on Saturday. I couldn't quite put a finger on it then but, in retrospect, it all now makes sense.

Marv was my suprivisor at work and a really good guy to work for. He knew his 'stuff' about our job and I was learning a lot from him. He'd talk about he and June's life, their partying, and frequent weekend getaways. I listened and enjoyed his ability to tell stories, and as an eighteen year-old, I didn't have many stories to share, or rather, that I wanted to share, not yet at least.

I first met June when she dropped by the work-site to bring Marv his lunch, staying to sit with us while we took our break. She was in her late twenties, close to Marv's age, and attractive, though not a raving beauty. Her smile and easy laughter more than made up for any perceived missing physical beauty. Some would call her plain while I thought her to be more alluring, why, I don't know. It was after that day, a few days later when Marv made the invite for the weekend. It was in those few days prior to the BBQ that I sensed a different 'vibe' from Marv; sort of like he knew something I didn't, and of course, he did, but I'd find that out for myself on that Saturday.

Marv and June had a nice, secluded bungalow just outside of town, in the foothills of the towering mountains. Their deck looked out to the mountains and their nearest neighbors were down the road, a mile or so away. The drive out was made even better since I had taken the liberty to roll a couple of doobies for the drive. This latest batch was so good though, that a couple of hits was all it took to put you into the zone.

I arrived around 5 or so, as asked, bringing a bottle of wine which, it turned out, was June's drink of choice. The three of us chatted and relaxed while Marv prepared the ribs, my eyes frequently darting to take in June's nice cleavage which I hadn't noticed a few days earlier. Her hair was different and she seemed more talkative than the other day, her smile a bit coyer. The longer we chatted, the more it seemed that June and I were conversing more than the three of us but Marv would occasionally contribute a comment or two, but mostly, he just watched the two of us talk and get to know each other.

Marv threw the ribs onto the grill when the time was right and retreated to the house to open another bottle of wine. June and I were sitting on a divan, on the deck, and our conversation was free and easy, seemingly as if we'd known each other for years. At some point, as we talked, I noticed that her cleavage was even more exposed, another button undone on her blouse. She was braless with C-cup sized breasts it appeared and when she caught me looking, she just smiled but made no attempt to close up her blouse, which was fine with me. Between the joint and wine, I was feeling somewhat aroused at the peek show I was getting.

Marv arrived with fresh wine and glasses and we toasted to a wonderful sunset. I told them a little about myself, and when asked about current girlfriends, I simply told the truth; not at the moment and that I was okay with that. June asked if that wasn't a bit hard on me, giving my youth and all but I told them that I was able to 'meet my needs' with some of the local gals around town, which drew a round of laughter from them. June commented that she was sure I had no problem getting girls into bed. I told that I did alright in that regard which brought about a smile and nod from her.

The ribs were delicious, and throughout the meal, I felt June's leg rub against mine several times, lingering longer each time. She looked at my face several times and saw that I was quite aware and didn't move my leg away. In fact, I began brushing against hers, in concert with her movements towards the end of the meal. Marv insisted on taking care of the cleanup himself, ordering us to refill our wine glasses and, maybe, wait for him in the hot tub where he'd join us. When I protested that I didn't bring a suit, June smiled and said that I wouldn't need one, that they hot tub in the nude.

"Works for me," I said, feeling little pain by this time. 

June turned on the tub, set the controls and led me through a patio door that connected to their bedroom. Turning, she told me that I could lay my clothes on a nearby chair and she'd get us some towels. I was dropping my shorts when she returned, giving my 'package' a not-so-slow look-see, smiling at me afterwards.

"Nice," she commented as she slowly started undoing the two remaining buttons of her blouse, exposing her nice, melon-shaped breasts, with nipples that were paritally hard.

"Would you be okay with a little reefer?" she asked as she slid out of her shorts, then, panties, her bush more of a landing strip to the folds of her pussy, which glistened a bit with wetness.

"I already have a couple rolled, if you'd like to try mine," I replied, adding, "Marv's okay with this as well, I hope."

Marv answered for himself, walking in from the living room hallway, into their bedroom, saying, "Tonight, you're a friend, not an employee; what happens here tonight, stays here tonight, okay?" smiling at me afterwards.

"Got it, and yes, okay," I responded.

"I need to make a phone call," Marv said to us, "You two go on out there and get mellow; I'll be out shortly." Taking me by the hand, June led our naked bodies back to the tub on the deck, the steam rising from it as the night air moved in from the mountains. It was July but it could get chilly at night out there.

Stopping her before she stepped into the tub, I handed her the joint I just lit, holding in the hit I just took. She moved closer to me, taking the joint and taking a healthy hit for herself. 

"Very nice, indeed," she commented as she handed the joint back to me, letting her nipple brush against my arm as she did so. That little bit of interaction caused my cock to twitch slightly, bringing a smile to her face.

She climbed into the tub first, my eyes taking in her shapely ass, and joining her on a bench seat, I settled into the warm water next to her. The two of us finished the joint with two hits each and just leaned back with our heads on the tub, letting the stoning take place. Her hand found mine and held it as we looked up into the sky, enjoying the buzz. 

I had already forgotten about Marv, sitting there with his wife, the both of us stoned. When I felt her lips on the side of my neck, I responded with an instant erection as I reached for her lips with my own. We kissed hotly and passionately for quite a while, her hand now having found my cock to stroke, slowly and teasingly.

It was when she broke our kiss to take my cock into her mouth, that I thought about Marv, asking, "What about Marv?" 

"Don't worry about Marv, he won't mind if we play," she assurred me before swallowing me expertly in one, quick movement. Marv was quickly out of my thoughts then.

After several minutes of teasing me, she said that she wanted me to wait to cum, that she wanted me inside of her when I did. Quickly standing, she pulled me to her and kissed me hard, putting my cock between her legs so that she could rub on it with her pussy. It was all I could do not to cum then and there.

We quickly dried with the towels she had brought for us and went back to their bedroom which was now lit by several candles.

"Marv did this for us," she said as she pulled me into her bed with her, "and he'll watch us as we make love, you and me, okay?" her hand stroking me as I lay next to her, my mouth dropping to her breasts as she pulled my head to her chest.

Pulling me on top of her, she guided my cock into her pussy, which was now very wet and slick. Wrapping her legs around my butt, holding me to her, we began a steady, slow grind of our bodies. She raised her head from the bed to bite and suck on my nipples as our fucking increased in tempo and passion. She bit hard enough to cause me pain, but I was eighteen and bullet-proof and endured it, the enjoyment of her pussy too good to think about the pain of her teeth on my mipples.

Her moans turned to screams when she climaxed, our pubic bones crashing into each other hard. She orgasmed twice more before I exploded when I could hold it no longer and collapsed to the side of her when I finished.

I don't know how long we lay there before I became aware of Marv. He appeared as if by magic from somewhere, I don't know where, and was slowly licking his way to June's freshly-fucked pussy with his tongue. Looking down at him, I could see he was now naked and watching him trace his tongue between June's legs was a turn on. I watched, leaning on my elbow, as he buried his face into June's pussy, his cunlingual abilities, making her moan with pleasure. She held his head to her pussy as she ground it against his mouth, he noisily sucking my cum from her snatch. She quickly climaxed again as he eagerly licked her clean.

"Your cum and her juices taste good together," he said to me, smiling and looking me in the eyes. Glancing at my cock, which was semi-hard from my watching them just now, he smiled, licking his lips

Just then, June pushed me flat onto the bed and straddled my head between her legs, lowering her pussy to my mouth.

"Eat me," she commanded, "eat me and make me cum some more." 

What's a guy to do? Right?

Burying my mouth with her pussy, I eagerly began my task as she moved back and forth against my efforts. I was now totally into what I was doing and didn't even register for some time that someone's mouth was working over my dick pretty damned well. Had to be Marv. 

Oh well, a good cock-sucking is just that, a good cock-sucking. Pushing the fact that Marv was giving me a really good blowjob to the back of my mind, I resumed eating his wife, my efforts doubled by the combination of sensations; my mouth on her pussy and his mouth on my cock. She climaxed first, a long strong one before I blew my load into Marv's agreeable mouth and throat.

I spent the night but got no sleep, none of us did. That night was my first-ever threesome and my eighteen year-old body did me proud. It was the beginning of a sexual relationship for the three of us that lasted a few years. 

Not that night, but maybe six months later, Marv would learn that one of the secrets that I didn't share was that I had sucked cock before, when I was younger and experimenting with a guy-pal; I knew how and I liked it, as did he, that first time I sucked him off.

A very nice coming-of-age event in my life.