 I didn't start out to be a voyeur, I really didn't, but as with many things in life, shit happens...

It was during a threesome with my ex and a friend that I discovered the pleasure of watching others have sex and when your gal is one of the 'watch-ees', well hell, it's all the more of a charge to the senses.

After a few months of reading the 'real sex stories' in one of the high-classed "Gentlemen's" mags, we'd always fuck like minks because we were so damned horny and turned-on. Eventually, we shared sexual fantasies and it was an easy step into the lifestyle, a step we made together and a step we both wanted to take. 

That first step was pretty memorable...

"Seems a shame that Randy missed out on a blowjob to come and visit with us," Char whispered to me in our waterbed, upstairs, in our bedroom loft. 

Randy was a friend of long-standing with me and had flown in to see me and to meet Char for the first time. Randy lived across the country and had the weekend off from his job as an airline pilot. He had another option for that weekend which was to go to Atlanta and hook up with "the best cock-sucking mouth of the South", that, or fly to Denver to see us.

Yeah, I know...surprised me too.

We joked about it in the car as we drove up to the mountains for some lunch and brewskis, finally settling in at our apartment for the night with a lot of Jack D. and ice. Yeah, we did get loaded, and when we called it a night, Randy settled in on the pull-out sofabed downstairs.

"Yeah, it does," I whispered in reply to her comment. 

"Maybe," Char whispered, "it wouldn't be terrible if I showed him what a real blowjob is all about." 

Turning my head towards her when she said that, I saw a flash of JD-fueled excitement in her green eyes.

Hey folks, Char could give a world-class blowjob, hands down.

Well, I was just cruising enough from the JD that her suggestion seemed like a great idea and I found myself saying, in response, "No, it wouldn't be the worse thing in the world, would it?"

"You wouldn't mind?" Char whispered cautiously, her hand now stroking my hardening cock, her palm sliding around the head, smearing it with my precum.

"We've talked about it for a while now," I whispered, referring to our fantasy-sharing, "so, yeah, why not?"

"I'll come back up and take care of you afterwards," She whispered as she slid out of bed quickly, not bothering with her robe to cover her nakedness.

"I'll be here," I replied with a whiskey-smile.

I laid there listening as her footsteps padded down the carpeted stairs from our loft. I heard a murmur of voices, both whispering, shortly after I heard her near the pullout where Randy was bunked. I heard the sound of the sofabed when Char sat on the bed, at least I assume she sat on the side of the bed. For whatever reason, I didn't peek over the bannister of the loft though I surely could of.

Still, the sounds that reached my ears of his increased breathing and of her muffled slurping of his cock told me that my friend Randy was discovering the joys of a cocksucking by Char. 

I laid there, eyes closed, my mind-movie playing the scene below in my head as I slowly stroked myself, the sound-track being the muffled sounds reaching my ears from downstairs. 

The sounds became slightly louder as Char brought Randy closer to climax, both of their attempts at being 'quiet', a lost cause. 

"Mmmmmmph," I suddenly heard Char's muffled voice cry, that sound telling me that my friend had just lost his load into my girlfriend's mouth and throat.

"Ooooh, Goddamn....damn, that felt good," Randy's voice whispered just loud enough for me to hear.

"Sleep tight, sweetie," I heard Char whisper, followed by the sounds of her climbing the stairs.

Silently, she slipped back into our bed and into my arms, our mouths meshing hard against the other. Her mouth and lips still had a bit of his cum, a first for me, another man's cum that is, but, truth be told, it didn't bother me in the least.

Sliding down my body, Char dropped her head and took her deliciously sweet time sucking me as she had never done before. If her blowjobs of me were a ten before, that night it was a forty. 

I kid you not.

Afterwards, we fell asleep in each other's arms, both smiling. It wasn't until the next evening that Randy joined us in bed...

In the morning, over breakfast, Char's oral present to Randy was the 'elephant in the room', but, in a good way. After an hour or so of avoiding the obvious, Randy finally broke the tension by smilingly 'toasting' Char with his mug of coffee, saying, "Obviously, I made the right choice in coming to visit y'all."

"Obviously," I agreed with a smile, "glad you enjoyed," taking a sip of my coffee afterwards.

"Didn't want you to regret making the choice that you did," Char smilingly chimed in, causing us all to chuckle in agreement.

The day was spent sight-seeing, lunch, and a couple of hours of pool-playing, beer-drinking, shot-shooting at one of Denver's notorius 'dive bars', Lancer's. Around four'ish, it was determined that we should head back to the apartment while still somewhat sober, so we did.

Some steaks on the grill took care of dinner, followed by a few cocktails that had us all very, very mellow when the sunset slipped behind the foothills to the west of the mile-high city.

Randy hit the shower while I helped Char with the cleanup of our dinner and such. With a flick of the switch, the dishwasher started its duties and Char and I sank into the sofa.

"So, what's the plan for the evening?" Char asked with her head on my shoulder.

"No plans. Open for suggestions," I replied.

"I'm a bit horny if that's a big enough hint of where my head's at," She responded with a hand stroking my package through my jeans.

"Horny enough to handle the two of us," I found myself saying/suggesting, referring to Randy, of course.

"I believe I could handle that," she replied followed by a tongue-probing kiss just as Randy rejoined us after his shower.

"Jeez, get a room you two," He joked as he fixed himself another drink.

"We will," I replied, "upstairs, after we've both showered...care to join?"

Pausing with his drink at his lips, Randy looked at me with a scrunched-up face full of 'What-the Fuck?" all over it.

"Char, I'm hitting the shower next...why don't you explain to Randy what I'm talking about," and standing, I left them to shower.

Okay, I admit it, I jacked-off when showering, the thought of the impending threesome making me hornier than a goat. Throwing on a robe, I emerged from the shower, padded downstairs and found Char and Randy playing kissy-face on the sofa. They obviously had not heard me so I sat on the landing and watched as they kissed lustfully, his hand all over her magificent 36C bra-less boobs, hers rubbing his crotch with skill.

It was hot. It was a turn-on that got my cock rock-hard in a nano-second.

"Your turn, baby," I finally said, startling them both as evidenced by the quick flush of red to both of their faces.

"Uh," Randy fumbled to say when Char went upstairs to shower, "Hey, I mean..."

"Forget it, pal, you have no reason to apologize if that's what you're trying to do," I said to put him at ease, "besides, she's already told you of what we're planning, that is, if you'd like to."

"Are you kidding? I'd be fucking nuts to say no," He quickly responded, a smile on his face, "and you're really okay with this?"

"Absolutely," was my reply.

Char emerged from her shower, a short, thin wrap covering (barely), her scrumptious body. We were in no hurry, sharing stories, laughing, and finishing off the bottle of JD with a flourish, at which point, Char stood up from the couch and holding out a hand to each of us, led us upstairs to our bed. Lighting a few candles, Char slipped out of her wrap and into bed, Randy and I following in a heartbeat. 

Slowly, not hurrying, he and I began an exploration of Char's body using our hands and mouths, her kisses wet, warm and lustful, as was ours. Slipping between her legs, I went down on her as she lifted her head to take Randy's cock into her mouth while he kneeled on the bed next to her head. With my eyes lifted so that I could watch her suck him, the sight fueled my cunnilingus of her pussy, my efforts bringing her to a quick climax, her hand pulling my head tighter to her snatch as she rubbed it against my tongue and mouth frantically.

Backing away, I moved so that I could continue to kiss her as Randy moved his body between her splayed legs. Slipping his throbbing dick into her, she and I kissed, her tongue tasting of precum as she relished the taste of her juices on my mouth. Pulling back to watch them fuck, she slipped her hands onto his hips, holding him in place while they gyrated in lustful splendor.

It was hot watching them fuck like minks, my yet-to-be-released cum rising in my own throbbing cock. He climaxed first, a mighty one at that, leaving him shaking on his arms which held him above her. When he slipped his semi-flaccid dick from her, she pulled me to take his place, her pussy now wet and creamy from their cum. Slipping into her, she 'locked' me into place with her heels digging into my ass, her nails biting into my hips. Away we went, fucking like two teenagers discovering sex for the first time.

She and I both reached orgasm at the same time, the bed rocking from our thrusts, the sounds of satisfaction bouncing off the walls of the apartment. The realization of just how loud we were hit us at the same time, causing she and I to begin giggling. 

"Nick and Tara are probably getting an earful," Char cooed as she raked my back with one hand while stroking Randy's re-awakened dick in the other.

Nick and Tara were our 'back-wall' neighbors, living behind us in the four-plex. Both were a bit younger than us by a couple of years but had become friends over the last six months. One evening after sharing some good weed, Tara 'confessed' that they can 'sometimes' hear Char and I when we're making love and that the sounds usually get them horny and that they fuck right along with us.

"Wonder if they'll pick up on there being a third voice contributing to their foreplay," winking at Randy just as Char bent over to take him into her mouth.

"Well, if they can, they'll know that I'm enjoying myself," Char pulled Randy's dick from her mouth to say, swallowing him whole after saying it.

I couldn't help myself, I got aroused watching her suck him off. Hard again, I slipped into her one more time and fucked her as hard as I've ever fuck anyone in my life. When I pulled out of her, I slipped from the bed to go cleanup in the bathroom, Randy being pulled to take my place in her pussy from behind.

After I showered quickly, I returned to sit in a chair and watched Randy and Char for the next hour of some seriously hot sucking and fucking...

Interestingly as it turned out, Nick and Tara had heard the sex-fest that night, producing some not-so-well-hidden smirks and grins when we saw them the next day.

But, that's a story for another day...