 With no Sam or Angela, for a few days, I did feel a bit at a loose end. But Friday soon came around, with the promise of some flirting, and maybe more, with Simone. I finished work early, and spent some time getting ready for the evening at Simone's. I popped out for a quick haircut, showered, shaved, etc, pruning mWith no Sam or Angela, for a few days, I did feel a bit at a loose end. But Friday soon came around, with the promise of some flirting, and maybe more, with Simone. I finished work early, and spent some time getting ready for the evening at Simone's. I popped out for a quick haircut, showered, shaved, etc, pruning myself to look my best. Then I packed Daniel's and my overnight bag, just in case, and picked Daniel up from school. He was really looking forward to the evening with Stephen, which was good.

We arrived at Simone's place, and she answered the door. She, as usual, looked great. Black pinstripe trousers, very tight indeed. A cream silk blouse, tight enough round her tits to more than catch my eye, and some black heeled shoes. No bum-enhancing boots, unfortunately. 

She gave me (well, us) a huge smile when we arrived, and I swear she smiled even more when she noticed my eyes linger slightly on her tight blouse. Stephen ran to the door, and excitedly led Daniel upstairs to see his latest Lego Construction kit, which the boys both loved.

Simone laughed at them, and lead me through to her conservatory, the doors standing open to make the most of the nice balmy summer evening, and then she poured some lemonade for the boys and cracked open a cold beer for me. We sat on a sofa facing the garden as I asked how it went with Ken earlier in the week.

"Oh, fantastic. I think he was expecting me to be a blubbering wreck, and that he could walk all over me regarding the divorce settlement, but he got a bit of a surprise. I hope you don't mind me saying, but I just kept thinking of you, and it helped me keep my head cool."

"Oh? How's that?"

"Well, I was thinking what a nice guy you are, and how there must be other guys out there like you, and when I'm ready, I'll go looking for them, instead of finding a prick like Ken."

"There are other guys like me? Are you sure?" I bantered.

"Well, I bloody hope so, otherwise Angela will have a fight on her hands," she laughed. "Seriously Andy, our chat and, I guess you could say our cuddle, on Tuesday, it really helped. I've been at a loose end since I kicked him out, but it was great to just sit with you. I really appreciate it. If there's anything I can do in return, just let me know."

"Simone, you shouldn't be making suggestions like that to a man who's girlfriend is about to go away for a year. Do you have any idea of the sorts of things I might ask you to do?"

"Andy, you told me about the plan remember? I don't think you'll be struggling to meet your quota."

"I'm not so sure. You know what it's like being a parent. You don't get to socialize much, even less so when you're a single parent, and on top of that, I work by myself, so it's a pretty solitary existence. It took forever for me to meet Angela, so the odds of meeting a woman every month who's also open to our ... agreement... well, it's just not going to happen."

"Andy, don't be so hard on yourself. You're good looking, slim despite your age, financially independent, caring and considerate, funny, and give good hugs. And good kisses too, if our peck was anything to go by. I think you'll do OK."

"I MIGHT do OK, if I ever actually get to meet someone. Actually Simone, maybe you can help on that? I mean.... Well, what I'm trying to say is...." I purposefully looked flustered, as if trying to say something embarrassing. "Well, it's like this... you know about the list... And I was wondering... Just say no if you're not interested, I mean it's entirely up to you... But would you... by any chance..." A longer pause. "... Have any single friends?" I grinned at her as I said the last bit.

Simone laughed. "Andy! I thought you were going to ask me if I wanted to be on the list!"

"Good god Simone, absolutely not. Can you imagine? You and me together? Eurrgh! What a horrible thought!"

"Andy, you bastard. How dare you! I'm not THAT bad."

"I don't know Simone, I mean, that kiss... well, you might have enjoyed it, but that doesn't mean I did!"

She looked at me, open-mouthed. "You cheeky bastard! It might have been a while since I kissed anyone but Ken, but I'm not that bad a kisser!"

I shook my head, looking at her. "Prove it."

She stopped, realizing she'd played into my hand. "Oh, no Andy, no you don't."

"Prove it."

"No Andy. Behave yourself."

I shuffled along the sofa, towards her, until we were real close, then whispered "Prove it Simone. Kiss me."

She stopped, her eyes flicking between my eyes and my mouth, searching for something. Then I reached up, gently took a hold of her chin with my fingertips, and tilted her head up, bringing mine down. Our lips met, and hers parted, her body relaxing into me, as we kissed. Her hand came up to play with the hairs at the back of my neck as our breathing got slightly faster.

Then we broke apart as the boys came back downstairs to show us what they had built. As we both exclaimed our delight over the robots they were showing us, Simone and I exchanged secret glances with each other.

We played for a while, and then Simone cooked dinner for the boys, saying that we'd have dinner after they went to bed. The boys ate like all boys do: noisily, fast, and while having fun, and we had a good play with them. After some more games, and a DVD, Simone and I agreed it was time for bed, so the two of them, with at least 30 minutes of protestation, eventually settled down for sleep, with me settling them down and Simone making our dinner.

When I came back down, Simone had re-set the dining table for more adult dining, and was just serving up a chicken in white wine sauce with vegetables. "Nothing too fancy," she said, "but at least it's not fish fingers." I laughed, and told her it looked and smelled just fine.

We ate and talked, sharing a bottle of wine, touching on various subjects. Obviously the conversation came back to the Woman of the Month club.

"So... I hope you don't mind me prying, but you've got to admit, it's kind of unusual... You're going to tell the various women, are you? In advance?"

"I've not really thought that far ahead, to be honest." I thought about it while eating a mouthful of food. "Probably, I think. Although if the woman seems to be interested in something casual anyway, I might just make it clear that that's all I'm interested in casual also, and say nothing of Angela. Of course, Daniel will probably say something - I've not told him yet about Angela going away, but I will this weekend. He's quite attached to her, but he's also attached to Sam, and she'll still be here, so he'll be OK. I just want him to understand that there will - or might, I should say - be other women around."

"Ah, yes, the ever-watchful Sam..."

"How do you mean?"

"When I came over at the weekend, she was VERY protective of you. I think she's got a crush on you Andy."

"Rubbish," I said, not wanting Sam and I to be public knowledge. "I'm twice her age, for fuck's sake. There's no way she'd be interested."

"I wouldn't be so sure, Andy. Older man. Nice house away from her own home. Lots of late nights and staying over. You want to be careful in case she decides to take matters further."

"I'm sure she won't. She's a sensible girl. Goes to church. Studies hard. In fact, I'm not even sure she's interested in sex."

"Andy, I've met Sam a few times over the last couple of years, and all of a sudden, just when Angela's leaving, she starts dressing better, showing off her figure, and so on? Oh yes, she's after you. Maybe she's been waiting on you to notice her, thought she'd missed her chance when Angela turned up, and now she's going for it before Angela comes back."

"Simone, be serious. I'm an old fart compared to her."

"Hmmm.... I can't help but notice that you're talking about what she might think, and not about what you think. Would you be interested if she was?" She had a wicked glint in her eye as she looked over her wine glass at me.

"Of course! What man wouldn't? Nice little virgin, begging to be taught all things carnal, good figure. Where do I sign?"

"You dirty bastard Andy" she laughed.

"Yeah, Angela calls me that as well. I can't think why."

"Well, twelve women in twelve months might have something to do with it."

"That was her idea!" I protested.

"To which you strongly tried to dissuade her, I'm sure," she said, mock seriously.

"OK, you got me there. I submit, I'm a horny bastard."

"I know Andy."

"Eh?"

She looked me right in the eye. "I noticed in the cafe."

"Ah. Yes. Sorry about that. Natural response et cetera."

"Don't worry Andy. Like I said, I was flattered. Honestly. But if I'd known I would have had that impact on you, I might have thought twice about the cuddle."

"And you would have missed out on the positive reinforcement, and flaked it in front of Ken, and so I think it was a good thing we had those few minutes."

She smiled. "Yeah, I suppose so."

We finished eating as she talked about the divorce plans. She would get custody of Stephen, although Ken did want access, to which Simone agreed, for Stephen's sake. She talked about how she worried about Stephen having a father-figure in someone like Ken, and how she'd manage as he carried on growing up. 

"Well," I said, "Stephen and Daniel are great friends, and I'm sure they will be at least until they leave school, and as such you and I are going to be around both the kids a lot, one way or another. If you need me to step in and do the big stern man thing, just let me know. Or, god forbid, if he's got questions about girls and doesn't want to ask you. Just let me know in advance what you want him to hear."

"Oh Andy, don't put yourself down. Despite what people might think about the twelve women thing, you're a decent chap, so just say what you think. I'd rather he heard the truth from you than some macho bollocks from Ken, to be honest, even though Ken is his dad." Her eyes welled up a bit, and I put my knife and fork down, standing up and going round to her, pulling her up into a hug.

She grabbed me tightly, nestling her head into my chest, sobbing quietly. "It scares me," she said between shakes. "Raising Stephen alone is... frightening."

"Simone, you'll be fine. Listen, I'm not going to lie: It's tough at first, particularly finding the time to look after him, look after the house, keep your career going, and find time for yourself. And at the beginning, that's compounded, or at least it was for me, with Daniel realizing what's happening, and it obviously had an impact. Tantrums. Tears. Disobedience. Nightmares. Bad behavior at school. But it calms down, honestly, just let him know you love him above anything else, and that his dad does too, and he'll get used to it. Yes, it'll be tough. But you're not alone. Call on me if you need anything, either for you or for Stephen. He can stay over if you need quiet time - the boys will love it. Or I can come over here and you can cook more delicious meals for me and we can sit and cuddle for a bit."

"Thanks Andy," she said as she pulled away, wiping her eyes, laughing at how stupid she must look.

"Simone, just remember. Take care of yourself as well. Spend time with good friends. Get drunk if you need to. Rant and rave about Ken and men in general. Flirt with a few guys to boost your self-esteem. Take some quiet time - baths, haircuts, shopping, all those other things women do to relax and feel good about themselves. Oh, and get a cleaner. Book one tomorrow. Honestly, that should be your number one priority. Getting the housework done gives you so much spare time. It leaves you free to think about more important things. But don't let her do everything - keep some things for you to do - mundane work helps to clear the mind, I find. Ironing works best for me, but pick something that works for you."

She looked up at me and smiled. "Andy, you're a good man. I know I said it before, but Sharon was a fool to leave you."

I reached up to gently move her hair away from her eyes. "Just like Ken's a fool to lose you." Then it happened again. We paused, realizing we were about to kiss, and then our heads leaned in, our lips parting as we kissed, her hands coming up to the back of my head to pull me in close, my arms wrapping around her, pressing against her back to urge her on.

Her lips parted further, her tongue peeking out, tentatively, waiting for me to respond. And respond I did, pushing my tongue back at her, fencing softly with her, licking the inside of her lips, pulling her tighter still.

She moaned softly as we kissed, her body relaxing into me. She broke the kiss, gasping for air, but continued kissing my neck and face. I slid my hands down her back, pulling her onto me, feeling her tight bum, kissing her throat.

Then she broke apart. "Andy.... I'm not sure we should do this."

"Why?"

"I'm not sure I want to be a notch on your bedpost. At least, not with everything else going on right now. It's not going to help me get my head straight." She sat down, resting her elbow on the dining table, and her head in her hand. "Oh, I don't know Andy. I'm sorry. I'm all mixed up."

I knelt down in front of her, looking up into her eyes. "Simone, there's nothing to apologize for. Honestly. It's natural at times like these for you to reach out for some closeness with someone. Surely it's better that you reach out to me, than to some nameless man who doesn't realize what you're going through, will get angry if you don't put out, and will then talk about you down the pub later?"

She nodded, lifted my head with her hand, and kissed me chastely on the cheek. "You're right. But let's not take it any further."

"Simone, I wasn't planning on taking it any further. Angela's made it very clear that I'm not to have sex with anyone else while she's here. I think she wants to make sure she's got me to herself while she can."

"I don't blame her," Simone muttered, before realizing she spoke out loud. "God, sorry Andy, that's so embarrassing. I know you're too much of a gent to refuse me, but you don't have to kiss me just to make me feel better, you know."

I laughed softly. "To make YOU feel better? What about making ME feel better?"

She laughed at me, cheering up. "How could you feel any better? You've got a lovely woman like Angela. She's going away for a year and specifically told you to date and sleep with twelve other women. You've got a horny teenage babysitter with a crush on you. And a frustrated recently-separated woman desperate for some male company. How could you possibly feel any better?"

A smiled ruefully. "Yeah, I guess when you put it like that... But seriously Simone, it wasn't just to make you feel better. I just..."

She paused, waiting for me to finish. "Just what?"

"Well... wouldn't it have been better timing if you'd split up from Ken before I met Angela. Maybe we wouldn't have had to stop like this?"

She smiled. "Yeah, it would have been.... So, you haven't answered my question?"

I looked at her, puzzled. "What question?"

"Am I on the list?" She grinned at me, eyebrows raised.

"That depends."

"On?"

"On.... whether you let me finish this delicious dinner." She barked a laugh at me as I sat back down again, and we resumed eating.

"It's nice to meet a man who appreciates a bit of cooking. Ken would just wolf down whatever was in front of him, without so much as a thank you.... And just wait till you see what's for pudding!"

"Oooh, can't wait!"

We resumed chatting while we finished, and then she stood up to take the plates away. "Well?" she asked.

"Well what?"

"Am I on that bloody list of yours?"

"Hmmm. Let me think.... Possibly."

"Possibly? Jesus, you're hard to please."

"No, I'm easy to please, but patiently waiting for pudding."

"Oh, I see. Well, you'll have to wait a bit longer; pudding will be in a little while. In the meantime, top up our glasses and we'll take a pew in the living room."

We went into the kitchen, and at one point I had to reach around her to put the wine back in the fridge. She was standing in front of it, door open, checking out the pudding, presumably. I reached around her, letting our bodies touch naturally. She turned on the spot to face me.

"Getting a bit friendly, aren't we?" she playfully asked.

"What? We've kissed. Twice now. The fact our bodies are touching, through two layers of clothes, is pretty insignificant, don't you think?"

She smiled, reached up and patted my cheek. "Andy, judging by what I saw in the cafe the other day, any sort of bodily contact with the front of you is hardly insignificant." She blushed a bit as she said it.

"Simone, that's no way for a lady to talk."

"And that was no way for a gentleman to behave. All I wanted was a nice hug, and you go taking it that step further."

"Do you blame me? It is YOU we're talking about. You kind of have that certain something that men find attractive."

"What - big boobs?"

I took the opportunity to study them for a few seconds. "Oh, yeah. I hadn't noticed. Thanks for pointing them out," I said, grinning.

She slapped my arm and slid out from my clutches. "Bring the wine Andy," she said as she sashayed into the living room. I admired her figure for a few seconds, and then followed her in. She kicked off her shoes, and went over to her music center, and turned it on. A tune I recognized but couldn't place came on. I looked at her quizzically.

"It Came Upon A Midnight Clear, by Sixpence None The Richer", she said, settling herself on the sofa and leaning back into me, pulling my arm around her and tucking her legs underneath her. "Is this OK Andy?"

I kissed the top of her head, and settled myself into her, pulling her closer, to signify my consent. We sat in silence for a while, listening to the lyrics.

"O ye beneath life's crushing load,

Whose forms are bending low,

Who toil along the climbing way

With painful steps and slow;

Look now, for glad and golden hours

Come swiftly on the wing;

Oh rest beside the weary road

And hear the angels sing."

The song faded away into the distance. "I love that song," she whispered. "I know it sounds weird, but when we're crushed under life's load, it would be good to think that we could just sit a while and hear the angels sing. But not in this world, not any more. It's all too.... analyzed to death, in your face, all secrets exposed. No room for the mysterious, the otherworldly."

I said nothing, pulling her in close and resting my head on hers, breathing in the smell of her hair.

"Chasing Cars" by Snow Patrol, a local band from Glasgow. I realised they weren't the same band as the earlier song, and asked what the album was.

"No, it's not an album, it's an MP3 playlist of ... oh... 'Quiet Moments' or some such title. I've been listening to it a lot recently. Sorry, do you want something else on?"

"No, this is fine, trust me. Perfect for sitting with a beautiful woman in your arms. Even if something I didn't like came on, I think it would get lost in the pleasure of being with you here." I was smiling as I said it, half joking. She slapped my thigh lightly, telling me to stop teasing. But she left her hand there.

A few more tunes came on, Simone filling me in as they played. "Nobody Loves Me" by Portishead. "All That I Am" by Rob Thomas. "I Was Hoping", Alanis Morissette. Linkin Park's "In Pieces", a quiet one, not the hard-core metal that they normally produce. "Insane" by Texas.

Then "Love To Be Loved" by Peter Gabriel, one of my all-time favourites, came on. I talked about how this was the song that marked the point where I started to recover from when Sharon and I split up. I softly sang the lyrics, grateful that although I was no professional singer, I could at least hold a tune, particularly when softly singing with a woman in my arms.
