 We are at our villa in St. Bart's enjoying a nice dinner and bottle of wine with Jana and Will. You are in a fun loving mood and, since you shared with me your secret fantasy before leaving home, you dance a sexy dance knowing what's about to happen. 

At the right moment, you say, "My Birthday is coming up, does any one have a present for me?" 

We all smile at one another. 

"I do," I reply, "but it's a secret, so you'll have to be blindfolded before I can give it to you."

"Okay," you agree readily.

I disappear into the villa's bedroom and return shortly with a black leather blindfold. You smile, knowing that you are about to have a once in a lifetime experience. 

I kiss you, slip the blindfold over your eyes then lead you over to a lounge chair. You follow along in total darkness, scooting along in your heels, blindfolded, the loss of sight contributing to the excitement that's already building to a rapid heartbeat and sweaty palms. 

I move behind you, my hands on your waist, and kiss your neck. You sigh at my touch. Before sitting you down, my hands travel up your body and unclasp your halter dress at the neck, letting it shimmy off your shoulders and fall to the ground. 

Sultry trance music wafts in the tropical breeze that whips through your hair and warms your bare skin. I kiss your shoulders then circle around you and kiss your breasts passionately. I tease each nipple with my lips and tongue while your blind hands reach down and undo my belt buckle. 

As my trousers slide down to the floor, you sit down and eagerly take my rock hard cock in your mouth. You kiss and stroke it as my hands massage your shoulders, your neck, your breasts. It excites you to think about the possibility of others looking on as you give me oral pleasure. 

"What are they doing?" you wonder. 

My erection continues to grow as you lick and suck with delight. 

"Mmmm,... that feels good," I whisper, your nipples now fully erect between my fingers. 

Rubbing your thighs together, you feel a steady increase of wetness beginning to build between your legs. The rocking motion alone feels really good. 

After a few moments of receiving pleasure from you I say, "why don't you lie back?"

You recline, the full length of your body outstretched in front of me. Your senses are alive, hearing every sound, feeling every sensation. You crane your head to hear whispering and rustling of clothes. Your heart pounds in your chest. 

After a moment, you feel soft warm hands on your feet, removing your heels and then massaging your toes in gentle circles. You fight the urge to giggle as the fingers gently tickle your feet, but just when you think you can't stand it any longer, they work their way up your ankles and calves. The same warm hands then lift and separate your feet, placing one foot on one side of the chair and one foot on the other side. You know that you are exposed, that you are glistening openly in the moonlight, but the feeling is exhilarating,... magical. In anticipation, you lift your body and slide down in the chair. 

In response to your welcoming, a mouth begins to nibble its way up your legs. Its tongue flickers whisper-quiet over your thighs, then higher, to your clit, as fingers stroke your thighs and stomach. At their touch, your abdominal muscles involuntarily twitch with a rhythmic convulsion that you haven't felt since high school. Immediately, you fight back the overwhelming urge to go ahead and give in to your orgasm. You resist the urge in order to prolong the irresistible pleasure. 

You suddenly become aware that someone is standing beside you. You reach up and feel muscular legs and, further up, you find an erect cock. You position yourself so you can feel its full length and thumb its tip before locking onto it with your lips and starting to kiss and lick its large round head. Hungry for it, you don't hesitate to slip it all the way down your throat. Its fullness feels good in your mouth. 

A mouth on your clit and a large cock in your mouth, you shudder in waves of rhythmic pleasure as your own orgasm begins to climb to ecstatic crescendo. You feel the veins in the cock swell with tension and know that it wants to fill your mouth with its juices. You know that you're about to bring the cock in your mouth to orgasm and that you cannot last much longer either, so you shift your focus to the mouth pleasuring your own body and allow your own orgasm to surrender to its full release. The soft tongue flickers expertly over your clit, like hummingbird wings on the lip of a flower. 

Your orgasm begins to give way in a flood of tremors. 

Just as you start to cry out with the most intense pleasure you've ever felt, I slip between your legs, slowly at first until I can feel your rhythm, and then faster to match your constrictions. Finding your maximum pleasure spot, I pound away with my engorged cock, causing your orgasm to roll over and over again with shock waves of intense pleasure. You claw at my back in response to my piston-like motion until, just when you feel your most intense wave of pleasure yet, I can no longer control myself either and I cry out with uncontrollable pleasure. 

"Yes,... yes,... yes!!!" you scream. 

Afterward you continue to lie there quietly, enjoying the moment a little while longer. When you finally decide to remove your blindfold, you see me standing there naked in the outdoor shower, soaping up and soaking in the warm spray. 

"Happy Birthday, Baby," I say. 

"Happy, indeed," you reply, exhausted. 

"Wanna join me?" I ask. 

"Where are Will and Jana?" you ask. 

"They went back to their villa to make love," I said.

"Wanna sneak over and watch?" you ask. 

"Sure," I replied, "If you'll come scrub my back first."