 They had always been great friends, Chris and Jenna, and now that they lived in the same coed dorm they got to spend even more time with each other. Nick was tall, cut, and hispanic, with dark shaggy-ish hair and black mirrorlike eyes. Jenna was short, curvy, and had lips to give Angelina Jolie a run for her money. She had hair that was long and wavy, in a beautiful shade of deep brown, and jade eyes. Her breasts were perfect and round and her nipples little and pink. 

Jenna and Chris told each other everything, but she had one secret from him: She was a virgin. She had done everything except true sex, so still she remained "pure". She exuded sex appeal, however, and all the men on campus wanted her. But she only wanted one person that night...

---

Jenna sat on her bed, contemplating, Yes, No, Yes... After debating with herself for several minutes, she decided that yes, she was going to do it. 

She softly tiptoed her way to Chris's room through the linoleum hallway. She passed a clock - 2:34 a.m. Good, everyone else would be asleep. She just hoped Chris wouldn't have any trouble waking up. 

She ever so lightly pushed Chris's door open until she could see him sleeping. God, he's sexy, she thought with a guttural moan. She walked slowly up to the side of his bed and knelt down beside it. She picked up her left hand and ran it through his hair and over his forehead and neck until he began to stir a little. Her right hand remained held behind her back. Chris opened his eyes slightly and as he saw her he came to with a start. 

"Holy shit Jenna, is something wrong?" 

"Shhh...I'm in charge tonight." She put a finger to his lips and pressed. It was, after all, her virginity. All he could do was give her a baffled expression when she stood up. He heard the sound of something dropping to the floor, "Wha-?" 

But as soon as he started she shoved him back onto the bed. "What did I tell you about talking?" 

He raised his eyebrow but said nothing. This might be fun, he thought. I'll go along with it. 

Jenna climbed onto his bed and laid next to him, provocatively pressing her pelvis into his. 

"Close your eyes," she said. He followed her instruction with only the slightest hint of a smirk on his face. She reached down onto the floor and picked up a long, black silk scarf and wrapped it around his eyes. 

"Can you see?" 

Chris whispered, "I'm not supposed to talk." 

"Stop being difficult! I SAID can you see?" 

"No," he pouted. 

"Good..." She reached down again and picked up one pair of metal handcuffs. She pushed him over onto his back and pulled his arms up above his head and clamped the cuffs down onto them, and then attached them to the headboard of his bed. 

She put her face right above his and quickly flicked her tongue in and out of her mouth, only far enough to barely reach inside his mouth. He began to kiss her back and she smacked him on the arm. 

"No," she said. "Tonight is my night." 

She crawled on top of his body and pressed her pussy right above his cock, which was already starting to strain inside his boxers. She licked his earlobe and whispered, "You want me, don't you? You want your cock in my wet little pussy, don't you? You want to cum inside me and make me scream, I know you do. I have a secret for you, though." 

She sucked, licked, and kissed his neck all the way around to his other ear where she whispered, "I'm a virgin." 

He pulled his head back in surprise, but his body betrayed his thoughts. His cock jumped and grew even harder at the thought of her virgin pussy wrapped tightly around his dick. She felt it press a little further up against her thighs and smiled. 

"You like that, don't you? Since I'm new at this, let's start out slow, shall we?" 

She began to massage his biceps and shoulders while she sucked on his neck, determined to leave a good mark. Her hands moved downwards to his chest and she grabbed his hard pecs and kneaded her hands into his abs. He arched his back and groaned with pleasure. She stopped. 

"NO noise, Cristofer." He bit his lip and winced, trying to hold in his moans. She ran her long nails up his side and made him shiver with her light touch. He got goosebumps all over his body, but he definitely wasn't cold - his cock would absolutely suggest otherwise. It stood at attention just begging for fingers, a mouth, ANYTHING as her hands grew closer and closer to his dick. 

Jenna released his neck from her mouth and continued her descent downwards. She kissed a trail between his nipples to his belly button. She licked a circle around it before kissing down his happy trail to his cock. But before she got all the way there, she crawled off of his body and stepped onto the floor. She picked up a candle and grabbed Chris's lighter from his nightstand and lit it. She let it burn for a minute and then she blew it out. 

She pulled it off of the nightstand and held it over his body. She tipped it so just a little dripped onto his stomach. He jerked back, but it didn't really hurt. It was only a drop. When he relaxed his muscles she dropped a little more, a little lower on his abdomen. 

"Aggh..." 

"SHH." 

Jenna put it back into it's place on the nightstand and pulled her body back on top of his. She blew lightly onto the tiny red marks on his stomach. She pulled the wax off and licked his hot skin. She kissed it and sucked it until it was all better and then she knelt above his body and scooted till her naked pussy was hovering over his face. She ripped off her baby doll nightgown and lowered herself onto his mouth. 

"Lick me now." 

Chris was more than happy to oblige and began flicking his tongue around her outer lips to tease her. She pushed down onto his face a little harder. He didn't have to be told twice. He opened her pussy lips with his tongue and slid it up from her hole to her clit and back down again. He did this several times and then darted his tongue in and out of her dripping wet pussy. 

"I taste good, don't I, baby? Make me cum all over you." 

He moved his tongue up to her clit and flicked it back and forth. She bent backwards and moaned, "Ohhhh godddd don't stop." He took her entire clit into his mouth and sucked on it, pulsing it in out between his lips. She shuddered with pleasure but before she could cum the door swung open. 

"HOLY HELL!! CHRIS? JENNA?" 

It was Ashley, Jenna's roommate. Her eyes were wide with shock and her mouth open. 

"I heard some sound coming from in here so I thought I'd check it out, but...I...didn't, uh, expect...Sorry, I'll go now." 

"Wait! Ashley, don't leave. You can join in the fun if you want." Jenna said seductively. 

Ashley wasn't bisexual, but right now the thought of getting it on with Jenna and Chris got the best of her. "Okay..." she said sheepishly. She took little baby steps towards Chris's bed. 

"Hey Ash," Chris said, stupidly. 

"NO TALKING Cristofer!!" 

Ashley looked, bewildered, at Jenna. Jenna explained, "Oh honey, I'm just having a little fun with Chris here. Would you like to help me out?" 

"Ahhm, of course I would..." 

Jenna put her mouth up to Chris's ear and said, "I guess we might as well take that blindfold off of you, then, so you can see just how much fun we're going to have right here in front of you. Without you." She slipped it off of his head and as soon as he saw Jenna naked and Ashley in her little t-shirt sitting next to each other on his bed he got harder than he even was before. "You're still not allowed to speak, though, unless I say it's alright." 

Ashley was beginning to get wet, too. She could see Chris's cock straining inside his boxers, and Jenna's wet pussy, and it was all doing strange things to her anatomy. Jenna crawled over Chris's body to the other side of his queen sized bed and motioned for Ashley to do the same. 

"Now, we're going to have to take this thing off of you sweetie." She put her hands onto Ashley's waist and slowly slid them and the shirt up her tight body. She pulled her t-shirt over her huge breasts and off of her head. Jenna reached around Ashley's head and pulled her golden ponytail out. "You look so much sexier with your hair down, did you know that?" 

Ashley shook her head and let her loose curls fall around her face and shoulders. Her perky, perfect tits bounced as Chris adjusted his body so that he could better see the action on the other side of his bed. Jenna slowly pressed Ashley down onto the bed and laid her little body on top of her. She kissed her long and wet and buried her fingers in her blonde hair. 

"Mmmm," Jenna moaned. "You taste good already, I can't wait to get my mouth on that cute little pussy of yours." 

Ashley's eyes widened but she didn't say anything. She just gave into the pleasure as Jenna's head bent down to suck on one of her nipples. She lightly pinched the other one but as she started sucking harder onto her right nipple, her fingers became increasingly rough with her left one. She pinched and grabbed one nipple, and bit the other one. 

"OHHH, god! Keep going, keep going, harder, ahh..." Ashley moaned and tilted her head back. 

Chris even dared to speak, "Jenna, could you maybe, um, undo these handcuffs so I could at least touch myself?" 

"NO, Cristofer, your turn will come. You've had me this far, it's time for Ashley right now."

Jenna returned to Ashley's tits and her hand slid down her stomach. She began playing with Ash's belly ring and pressing into her belly button, which sent a strange sensation into her pussy, right into her g-spot. 

"JESUS christ that's good," Ashley praised. 

"I'm glad you like it baby," Jenna whispered and winked. "But I know you'll LOVE this." She kissed her way down Ashley's taut stomach and down to her black lacy thong. "Take it off." 

Ashley complied and threw her g-string onto the ground. Jenna moved her tongue further and further down until her mouth was hovering right above Ash's pussy. She put a finger onto it and slid it up and down without touching her clit. "You're so wet, baby. Do you want me?" 

Ashley nodded. 

"What do you want me to do?" 

"I want you to, ahm, lick me." 

"Lick you where, here?" Jenna licked her thigh. Ashley shook her head. "Here?" Jenna licked a little further up and inward on Ash's thigh. Ashley shook her head again. 

"You've gotta tell me where to lick you, Ashley, or I might not ever figure it out." 

"My pusssssy, god my pussy's so wet for you." 

"Good girl." 

Jenna slipped her tongue over Ash's leg and into her pussy hole. She rolled it back and forth over her entire pussy but didn't once touch her clit. By now it was begging for attention and Ashley involunarily shoved her pelvis into Jenna's face. 

"Oh, you want it now, don't you? You're a horny girl, aren't you?" Ashley nodded and screamed softly when Jenna took her clit into her mouth. She french kissed Ash's clit and flicked it with her tongue. She brought two fingers up and tickled her opening with circles. She barely let her finger's in Ashley's pussy for a minute and then all of a sudden she shoved them inside her and made Ashley scream louder than she ever had during sex. Jenna put her tongue back onto her clit and Ashley came violently all over her face. She spilled her sweet juice onto Jenna and the bed and Jenna was more than happy to clean her up. 

"Give it to me, that's right...cum for me baby." She put her tongue into Ash's pussy and sucked and sucked while it contracted around her. She massaged her own swollen pussy lips with her free hand until Ashley couldn't take any more. Her pussy was so sensitive from that mindblowing orgasm that she jerked every time Jenna touched her. 

She glanced over at Chris who gave her a pleading look. He obviously needed some relief, and FAST, so Jenna said, "I want to watch you suck Chris's big cock, Ashley. Suck it for me." 

Ashley climbed over Jenna's perfect, naked body and knelt over Chris's legs. She lowered her head and took his entire cock into her mouth. She sucked up and down and Chris felt like his dick was bigger than it ever had been before. 

"He's gonna cum, Ash, and we don't want him to just yet. Slow down. He's gotta earn it." 

Ashley took her mouth off of his throbbing cock and started to lick around the head in slow circles. He groaned and balled his hands into fists. 

"Here, turn your body so I can do something too." Ashley turned sideways and Jenna got on all fours beside her. As Ashley's tongue worked on the top of his hard cock, Jenna massaged his balls with her tongue and tickled them with her fingers. She took both of them in her hand and squeezed ever so lightly and he let out a loud moan. 

"Goddd don't stop, don't stop..." 

"Oh, I think we should, though, Cristofer. There's something else I need to do, something I came here to do." 

She tapped Ash on the shoulder and motioned for her to move out of the way. She did and Jenna knelt above Chris's throbbing cock. She grabbed the base with her right hand and steadied herself with her left as she lowered her pussy onto his dick. He closed his eyes and bit his lip. She was so tight, and he was only about an inch inside her. More, he needed more. He shoved his hips upwards and his cock slid hard into Jenna's soaking wet, pink, virgin pussy lips. 

"AHHHHH Chris, go keep going, harder, harder." It hurt her but it felt so, so good. He continued to pound his cock into her as Ashley lay beside them stroking her own pussy. She dipped her fingers into herself and brought them to her mouth and sucked them clean. 

Jenna leaned forward and freed his hands. "Play with my tits, Cristofer." He reached forward and grabbed her entire breasts and squeezed. He pinched her nipples and flicked them with his fingers. She ground her hips into his and began to rub her clit with her right hand. She rubbed it in circles and pressed hard against it. One more thrust and she came hard all over Chris's pounding cock. Her tiny pussy contracted even tighter around his dick and he began to explode inside her. He came and came and came, and finally Jenna slowed down. She twisted her pelvis in a figure eight one last time before climbing off of him. 

She laid next to him and cuddled her body next to his. Ashley grabbed Jenna's hand, though, and pulled it to her clit. "Rub me, just until I cum one more time," she pleaded. Jenna, of course, did so and Ashley came one last time all over Jenna's hand. Jenna pulled her hand to her face and licked one of her fingers clean and gave the rest to Chris. He happily sucked them until every last drop of Ash's juice was gone from them. 

Ashley curved her body around Jenna's and spooned with her for the rest of the night. They all fell into a happy sleep, exhausted.