 Story so far - Mahesh and Kavita are a successful Indian couple who got into the swinging lifestyle through a chance encounter with another sexy couple Pinky and Rahul. They have expanded their circle of like minded couples and enjoy a week of fun and games every year.

In the present time Mahesh had to take a break due to an urgent office meeting and travel to Edinburgh, where he hooks up with an old friend Viju and after a passionate bout of love making, talks her into joining their life style. - Now read on.

After they finished their first round of fucking Mahesh and Viju lied down on the thick carpet in front of the fire place enjoying the afterglow of their passion.

Mahesh kept playing with her tits and she was absentmindedly playing with his semi hard cock. 

Viju was extremely curious about their swinging life style, and had a million questions to ask. She was actually excited that this close couple could actually be in the lifestyle and enjoy it totally. 

Just then Mahesh cell phone rang, and it turned out to be Shilpa the sexy Indian actress who happened to be in the same city and had rented out a little castle just outside the city for a week. She was having a party that evening for a few friends and wanted Mahesh to join them.

When he told her that he would bring Viju along she welcomed the idea, and said that Raj her husband always loved to have beautiful sexy women to liven up the party.

With that mysterious note she asked them to come by at 8 PM and said that the party had no closing hours and they could either stay back in case they did not want to return late.

Mahesh narrated to Viju that he suspected Shilpa and Raj to be swingers and at the last party that he and Kavita had attended, there was a lot of soft and subtle hints dropped by the gorgeous actress, trying to gauge if they would be willing to take things further. 

At that time since they were relatively new to the lifestyle they were a bit wary of joining in a full-fledged orgy and had excused themselves with a rain check. 

Mahesh told Viju that most swing parties have unwritten rules that let people go up to the level that they are comfortable, and always no meant NO. He told her to get the feel of the lifestyle, and she could just watch in case she was not keen on getting fucked.

Viju seemed all excited at the idea, and immediately sat on the couch and lifted her legs and invited Mahesh to clean her up with his tongue. Mahesh needless to say immediately got into the job in right earnest and got her two have two quick and intense orgasms. 

Both of them quickly got up to get ready for the party. Mahesh knew that this would be a semi- formal affair and got dressed in a black dinner jacket but wore a shirt without a tie .

Viju decided to retain the 1930 gangster moll look and wore a long dress which had a slit on the side accentuating her long legs. The front of the dress was deep and she wore a push up bra that gave her boobs a deep cleavage. Her ruby red lipstick looks stark against her brown complexion making her look mysteriously alluring. 

Mahesh got the hotel to give them a drop to the estate where the party was being held and they arrived at 8 sharp as per the invitation. 

The door was answered by a dignified looking butler who said that they were expected and led them to the ball room which was occupied by about twenty people of different nationalities. Mahesh was looking for Shilpa and when she turned to walk towards him he felt his breadth go away.

Shilpa a successful Indian actress / model and fitness specialist looked ravishing in a purple velvet gown. It was impossible to believe that she was at 40 a mother of a child. 

Her hourglass figure was easy to visualize under the form fitting dress. Her 36 C breast stood up proudly begging for release. The outline of her nipples made it clear that she wore nothing inside of the dress.

"Mahesh how wonderful that you could make it," she said in her sultry voice as she kissed him on the cheeks. 

Turning to Viju she said "And who is this gorgeous lady that you have got here and with whom have you traded your wife with to get her?"

Mahesh started laughing and before he could answer Raj, Shilpa's business man husband joined them. Shaking hands with Mahesh he warmly welcomed them, but Mahesh noticed that he could barely take his eyes off Viju. 

As Mahesh introduced the two he raised her hands to his lips and kissed them for a bit longer than normal, and said that he looked forward to spending more time with her later in the evening. 

Shilpa led them around and started introducing them to the people. There were couples in the age group of 35 to 55. 

A couple of Indians, who had flown down to holiday with Raj, and few from London. Attractive black couples from the United States were also a part of the crowd. 

There was champagne and a lot of rare single malt whiskeys flowing and the conversation was getting free and more open.

Mahesh could sense a bit of nervous anticipation in Viju and as she downed a couple of glasses of Champagne she began openly flirting with a few of the men and with Raj in particular. 

Raj had come to them and whisked her away to get her to meet a few of the other guests .Mahesh headed to the Bar to get himself a refill for his drink. As he walked over he could see Shilpa excusing herself from a group and quickly walk towards him.

"Raj seems to have stolen your partner Darling?" she said in in her husky voice.

Mahesh smiled back and replied that Raj had left him a bigger present in exchange. 

Looping her arm around Mahesh's Shilpa led him to a quiet part of the Bar and asked him what he thought of the party? 

Mahesh knew where this was going, and replied that the company, food and drinks were fantastic.

"But is that all that will happen this night?" he asked her.

Shilpa took a deep breath and looked at him in the eye and said 

"A lot more is expected to happen Mahesh. Would you and Viju be shocked if I were to tell you that you are in the middle of a swinger's party?."

Mahesh pretended to look a bit shocked, and then giving her a grin said 

"if I get to sample you by the end of the day then I am completely game to it."

Seeing the relief on Shilpa face he explained how he and Kavita had got into the swinging circuit a couple of years ago. 

He also told her that they had suspected the same about Raj and herself, but never got to asking them directly. He also told her about Viju and expressed some concern about how she could be weaned into the lifestyle.

Shilpa said that she understood his concerns and suggested that they could take her to the private viewing gallery once the action started in the main hall from where she could observe, and join in whenever she felt comfortable. 

With that Shilpa put her arms around Mahesh and drew him into a passionate kiss. 

The move was unexpected, but Mahesh quickly recovered and started kissing her back. It was like a dream come true making out with one of the hottest actresses on the Indian cinema circuit. 

He wrapped his hands around her narrow waist and cupped her firm ass. He could feel her hands run through his hair and her tits press on his chest as their tongues clashed in a symphony. 

After what seemed like an eternity they both came up for air. Mahesh slipped aside the front of her dress and uncovered a firm breast .Glorious natural 36 C boobs stood with the slightest of sag without the support of a bra. 

Her nipple was large and erect with passion. As Mahesh cupped and tweaked her nipple between his fingers she reached between his legs and gave his cock a quick squeeze.

"That was just the starters darling" she purred and adjusted her gown, 

"I have to leave you now in anticipation of the main course."

she laughed and moved away to meet a few more guests. 

As he headed for the bar he noticed that the party was getting a lot more active. People had moved to people other than their own partners and were in various stages of soft swinging.

He saw the tall American gentleman with the hot looking Punjabi lady from Delhi. He was kissing her neck from behind and cupping her tits with his massive palms, as she was reaching behind and squeezing his cock through his pants. 

Some of the couples had found themselves on the sofas and couches around the different parts of the room and were making out. There was a great amount of sexual energy around the place.

Mahesh went looking for Viju, wondering how she was coping with her first experience of an orgy that was about to begin. 

He found her with Raj at the end of the bar. Viju seemed to be on her fourth champagne and was flushed with excitement. Raj had his hands wrapped around her and was cupping one of her tits in his palm. 

"Enjoying the party Viju darling"

Mahesh said as he approached them. 

"Hey Mahesh, we were wondering which lucky lady had kidnapped you?" said Raj. 

"Viju is a wonderful sexy lady and I am having the pleasure of inducting her into a wonderful lifestyle," he continued in response to which Viju broke into a giggle and turned to Kiss Raj on his cheek.

"Raj has been such a gracious host and he has taken such good care of me," she cooed.

"He deserves a truly good gift today" 

Mahesh laughed and said that he was sure that Raj would be more than happy with her gift by the end of the party. 

Leaving the love birds to themselves he made his way around the party looking for Shilpa. 

He found her supervising the food table and making sure that there was enough of snacks and drinks all around the room. She had made sure that there were condoms and some Viagra placed at convenient locations in the room. 

Mahesh walked up behind her and wrapping his arms around her incredibly narrow waist gently kissed her neck. 

"I am sure that people have more than food on their minds now darling," he said. 

"Mahesh I was looking for you, and saw that you were with Raj and Viju, so I let you alone to make her feel comfortable," she said.

"Well your handsome husband will make sure that she is comfortable and satisfied in more ways than one." 

Mahesh turned her to face him and drew her into an embrace. As she melted into him he lifted her face up and began to kiss her. 

Her passion was amazing and he felt her tongue probe his mouth and clash with his in frenzy. He felt himself ho hard almost instantly, and sensing it Shilpa started grinding her crotch into his cock. 

Mahesh moved his hands behind her and began to squeeze her ass. It was very evident that she was naked as a baby under the dress. 

As he drew her closer to him he moved his hand up and began to play with her tits. He could heel her hard nipples crying for release from her gown and her breathing get faster with her arousal. 

Mahesh could barely wait to take off her clothes and fuck this gorgeous woman. But for the first time he wanted her all to himself and not have any one join in to share that moment. He told her what he wanted and she understood his urgency and passion. She knew there would be plenty of opportunity to join a group later in the evening .

Taking his hand she quickly led him up a flight of stairs to a mezzanine floor, which was discreetly hidden at a level that provided a complete view of the room below. Adjacent to it was a similar alcove but separated by a glass and curtain. 

As they got in Mahesh eagerly slipped off Shilpa' s gown from her shoulders, exposing her gorgeous breasts. 

He began planting soft kisses on her lips and cheeks and gently moving down to her neck. As he cupped he firm breasts she let out a soft moan and grabbed the back of his head to draw him closer.

Mahesh began to squeeze both her breasts with his palms and tweaked her rock hard nipples with his fingers. He felt Shilpa breath quicken as he lowered his head to lick the cleavage between her breasts. 

"Ohhh My God please suck my breasts darling," she moaned. 

Needing no further invitation, Mahesh lowered his head and took her right nipple in his mouth and began to nibble on them and suck them like a hungry child. At the same time he kept cupping and squeezing her other breast sending waves of pleasure through her body. 

Mahesh led her to a chest of drawers that was there in the room, and made her sit on it and slipped down her gown from her hips. 

Shilpa was completely naked as she leaned back against the wall enjoying Mahesh ravishing her boobs. She could feel her pussy getting wetter and reached down and started to play with her engorged clit. 

Mahesh quickly got rid of his jacket and stepped back to admire Shilpa' s amazing body which he was seeing naked for the first time. 

He was amazed that at the age of 40 she could look so amazing and sexy. She had maintained a perfect hour glass figure with almost never ending legs leading to a gorgeous ass and best of all topped with a perfect pair of 36c boobs. 

Shilpa was now so horny that she wanted Mahesh to fuck her without any delay. She reached for his belt and opened it and pulled down his trousers and boxers in a single motion. As his hard cock sprang out she took it in her hand and began to stroke it. 

Mahesh knew that she wanted to be fucked immediately, but he did not want to enter her without tasting her wet cunt. He quickly got down on his knees and raised her legs into the air as she sat on the dresser. Shilpa loved to be eaten and put her hands behind his back and quickly pulled him closer to her horny wet pussy. 

Mahesh neared her dripping pussy and inhaled her aroma. She smelt deliciously different from most women he had gone down and very exotic.

He first lapped up the juices that were flowing down her thighs enjoying the taste. He then began to kiss her all around her pussy and teased her by not licking her clit. Shilpa began to grind her hips towards his face and started to moan in anticipation. 

Mahesh spread her legs wide and started flicking his tongue on the length of her pussy using lengthwise and sidewise strokes alternately.

He started from her ass hole and moved up to the top of her cunt, and back downwards, stopping briefly at the top to nibble on her clit. Shilpa could feel her orgasm building up with every stroke that he was giving and she began to play with her sensitive nipples as Mahesh pleasured her pussy.

Mahesh began to suck and nibble on her clit and inserted his fingers into her sloppy wet pussy. As he sucked her he began to stroke her with his fingers bending and probing to find her G spot. She began to moan louder and grind her hips to his palm and suddenly began convulsing as she went into throes of her orgasm. 

Mahesh quickly increased the pace of his finger fucking and lapped up her juices that were flowing from her cunt. As her orgasm subsided he came up for air and kissed her passionately so that she could taste her own juices on his lips and tongue. 

Now Mahesh wanted to fuck this sexy vixen so badly that his cock was aching with desire. 

He was about to raise her legs and enter her, when Shilpa gestured at the alcove next to the one they were in. Putting her finger on her lips she pointed at the glass and whispered to him that they should watch what was happening on the other side. 

She quietly moved to the glass partition that separated the areas and drew the curtain open. On the other side were Raj and Viju. Mahesh was immediately fascinated by the action on that side. 

Raj was seated on a chair naked and Viju was kneeling on the floor busy sucking on his large hard dick. 

By the expression on his face Mahesh could imagine what a fantastic blow job she was giving him. Raj reached down and was roughly kneading Viju's firm Tits in both hands and pulling and tweaking her rock hard nipples. 

Raj was in heaven enjoying the treatment of the tongue and mouth of this sexy lady. He had noticed Shilpa and Mahesh watching and the fact that his hot wife was watching him being pleasured by another women turned him on even more.

As he felt the cum build up from his balls, Raj gently stopped Viju from sucking and drew he up and kissed her passionately. 

He loved to fuck and perform in front of his wife and thinking that Viju could become conscious of people watching he moved her on her fours kneeling away from the glass where Mahesh and Shilpa were watching. 

For Viju this was a surrealistic moment . In one day she had a fantastic fuck session with Mahesh , and here she was in hours letting a person she had met two short while ago enter her soaking wet pussy doggy style.

At this point she was too aroused to think and he reached behind and taking hold of Raj's cock she guided it into her wet hot cunt. 

Raj needed no further encouragement and he slowly guided he fat cock into her. Although the same size as Mahesh, Raj had a really thick cock, and he eased into Viju letting her get used to the girth of his dick. 

Viju let out a low moan as she felt this big dick fill up all of her pussy. She had never taken such a large dick into her and she was enjoying the feeling of being filled up completely. She wriggled her ass to let Raj enter her slowly and completely. 

Raj loved the feeling of this sexy lady's tight cunt wrap around his dick. He realized that she had never ever experienced such a big cock. When he was completely in her, he let her get used to hi size and then began to slowly move in and out of her. The fact that she was so aroused helped in lubricating her passage and making it easier for him to stroke her. 

Viju had never been fucked like this in her life. She felt Raj's bulbous dick head brush against her clit and then plunge in and hit an erotic zone that drover her over the edge. 

She felt waves of pleasure wash her over her body and was herself surprised at the intensity of her orgasms that she was experiencing. 

Raj was finding it difficult to hold back his own orgasm. He reached forward and began to play with Viju's tits that were swaying with every stroke that he was giving her . he began to fuck her with quick strong strokes knowing that he was going to cum any moment. He leaned over her back and asked her if she was okay about him cumming in her or she wanted him to pull out.

Viju was experiencing such intense pleasure that she did not want him to stop and spoil it. Besides she was on the pill. 

She nodded her head and asked him to finish in her and waited for his balls to empty into her. Raj let go of her tits and grabbed her hips with his hands and quickened his strokes as he felt his cum rising from his balls as he reached his orgasm. He let out a loud moan and felt his dick eject his seed into this hot lady's pussy.

Viju was in a state of trance as she felt herself cumming again.she could feel Raj pounding her as he gripped her hips and suddenly she felt a warm gush of his sperm empty into her womb.

Raj was moaning and pounding her at the same time. It was an incredible experience and they both collapsed on the couch drenched in sweat sweet smell of sex permeating the air. They held each other for a while enjoying the after glow of a great fuck and kissed each other gently. 

Mahesh and Shilpa in the meanwhile had not been just spectators, but were into their own sexual antics. Mahesh was on his back and Shilpa was riding him as he fondled her tits that were dangling so temptingly over him. 

Shilpa was in complete control of the pace and was riding him and squeezing on his rigid cock with her pussy muscles. 

Mahesh was rotating his hips in coordination with her movements and she could feel his cock move against her pussy walls in a circular motion.

As much as he wanted the fuck to last for longer, Mahesh knew that this sexy lady would milk him out in a matter of minutes.

As Mahesh felt his climax nearing he pulled Shipla down into a deep kiss. He grabbed her sexy ass and started to slam back into her as she moved on top of him. 
