 ROME ADVENTURE

Ashley and her husband of six months Joseph were on their second honeymoon in Rome, Italy. They never really had a first honeymoon alone so they decided on a second one. It was their second day in the vibrant city and Ashley joked about her bottom being bruised because it had been pinched so much over the past two days. Italian men had the reputation of pinching woman's bottoms and Ashley had a very desirable derriere. As she and Joseph toured the crowded city many a hand found its way to her bottom and either gave it a quick pinch or cupped it tenderly. By the time they returned to the hotel, Ashley was on fire and needed her husband's attention. They would make love before dinner to douse her flames.

It was warm in Rome in the summertime and Ashley wore a light mini-skirt without hose. Her legs were shapely and well tanned. The loose flowing mini-skirt hid the shape of her lovely bottom but that did not deter the Italian men who were pleasantly surprised when their hands discovered her shapely buttocks. Ashley was 21 years old and had a very nice 34-28-35 figure she was 5'6" tall and weighed a trim 125 pounds. She had short curly light brown hair and pretty blue eyes. Her husband Joseph was 22 years old, 5'10" and 160 pounds. He was a handsome young man who had become an excellent lover.

Their normal ritual of love making would begin in a 69 position in which they took their time and pleasured each other orally. Ashley would continue to suck Joseph's cock after he came keeping him hard. Next they would make love in the missionary position until they both came again. Finally Ashley would be on all fours as Joseph took her lovely ass. He always wanted her ass last as it was his favorite way. It would take him longer to cum and he liked being in her bottom for as long as he could. Joseph could cum three times and sometimes four during their passionate session together. It seemed Ashley was insatiable and would attain multiple orgasms.

The third day after sightseeing they once again made love before dinner. That evening they dined in the hotel restaurant and afterward stopped in the lounge for a nightcap. There was a piano player in the lounge playing romantic love songs of Italy and other countries. He was enjoyable to listen to as they sat at the bar sipping their drinks. A very handsome Italian man approached the couple at the bar and introduced himself.

"Buona sera, good evening, are you American?" the man began.

"Yes, I'm Joseph and this is my wife Ashley."

"I am Tomaso. I am pleased to meet you. Welcome to Rome."

"Thank you, we are enjoying the city. It is lovely," Ashley chimed in.

Tomaso stared at the lovely young American woman and his eyes dropped to her legs. She had worn a tight fitting blue mini dress that evening with thigh high hose. Tomaso had spotted the couple enter the lounge and his eyes were fixed on her curvy bottom and shapely legs. 

"We are on our honeymoon," Joseph added.

"In that case let me buy you two a drink, I insist."

Tomaso signaled the bartender over and said, "Roberto, this lovely couple is on their honeymoon bring them a drink on me."

Joseph thanked Tomaso for the drinks and raised his glass in a toast. "Salute," they all said.

Over the course of the next hour the three of them chatted amiably and Tomaso learned more about the young couple. They found him pleasant to chat with and somewhat entertaining. Tomaso started to get a little bold with his hands and often touched Ashley's thigh as they were chatting or laughing. Her skirt had ridden up a little and the elastic tops of her hose were visible. The talking, laughing and touching continued and Tomaso got bolder leaving his hand on her leg just below the skirt hem.

Joseph at one time excused himself to use the bathroom and as soon as he left Tomaso slipped his hand under Ashley's skirt. His fingers traveled over the naked skin above the hose and caressed her smooth skin. She sat frozen to the spot as he enjoyed caressing her legs. His hand moved to her panty covered mound and he cupped her vulva. Ashley did not protest or try to stop him so he took it further. He pulled her panties to the side baring her pussy and slipped his thick finger into her. Ashley gasped but she still did not protest. Tomaso was pleased that her pussy was sopping wet as he continued to finger her.

He spotted Joseph returning from the bathroom so he removed his finger. Ashley pulled her panties back in place and pulled her skirt down. She smiled at Tomaso when he sucked his finger dry of her sweet nectar. Tomaso got Roberto's attention and gave the bartender a knowing look. Roberto got the message and brought another round of drinks to them. This time however, Joseph's drink was spiked. After several minutes the sedative started to take effect. Joseph was wobbly and Tomaso offered to assist Ashley back to their room.

They made it to the elevator and eventually the hotel room. Once inside Tomaso half carried Joseph to the bed and put him in it. It was a hotel suite which pleased Tomaso as it would make things much easier. He closed the bedroom door and turned toward the pretty young American woman. He closed the distance between them, took her in his arms and kissed her deeply. Ashley returned the kiss and their tongues danced in the other's mouth. His hands found her buttocks and he cupped them in his big hands.

Tomaso located the zipper on the back of her dress and pulled it down. He next lowered the top of her dress to her waist and unfastened her bra. He removed the bra and covered her 34B breasts in both hands. Her nipples hardened immediately and poked the palms of his hands. He was pleased as he liked women with long hard nipples. Tomaso lowered his mouth to her breasts and kissed and sucked them lovingly. Ashley thought that she might explode at any moment. 

Moving his mouth to her flat tummy he darted his tongue in her belly button. Tomaso next pulled the dress down and off Ashley's curvy body. She stepped out of her dress and stood before him in just her skimpy panties and thigh high hose. He loved the way she looked. Dropping to his knees he grasped her panties and slowly pulled them down her legs. She stepped out of them and moaned softly when he kissed her vulva. Ashley instinctively moved her legs apart and Tomaso covered her pussy with his mouth. His tongue found her clit quickly and he held her by her curvy buttocks.

"I need to sit down," Ashley whispered urgently.

Tomaso steered her over to the sofa and sat her down. He lifted her legs to his shoulders and dove back in with his mouth. Ashley felt a thick finger enter her pussy and quickly locate her g-spot. She knew she was on the verge of a massive orgasm as he worked her clit and g-spot simultaneously. Tomaso began to play with her ass as he ate her pussy and he tickled her anus. Next he put a pussy moistened finger in her bottom and probed gently. He kept wetting his finger in her pussy and probing her anus until the aperture opened and his finger entered her. He was pleased how easily she accommodated his thick finger in her bottom and it was obvious that she had anal sex in the past.

Although he would love to fuck her in the ass he decided that it was not the best time. He would make this night hers and pleasure her. He was sure that he would see her again and he would take her ass then. He continued to rub her g-spot and nibble on her clit until she finally exploded in his mouth. She muffled her cries of ecstasy in her arm as her body trembled and shook with the intensity of her climax. It was several minutes before her body clamed after the massive orgasm. 

Tomaso stood up and pulled Ashley's head toward his crotch. She knew it was her turn to pleasure him and she sat forward on the sofa. She unbuckled his belt and unfastened his trousers pushing them down to his knees. Ashley stared at the huge outline in his undershorts and subconsciously licked her lips. Ashley pulled Tomaso's underwear down to his ankles causing his erect cock to leap out and bob in front of her face. Tomaso was uncut and it was the first uncut cock that Ashley had ever seen in person. She was taken with it and she played with it in her hands. She rolled the foreskin back to expose the head and then tickled it with her tongue. 

"So this is what an uncut cock looks like," she thought as she held Tomaso' huge thick cock in her hand.

Ashley pushed the skin back and watched as the sensitive head was uncovered. Ashley flicked her tongue over the skinned back cock and tickled Tomaso' pee hole with her tongue. Ashley engulfed the cock in her mouth and Tomaso trembled with desire. Ashley felt his cock swelling in her mouth and she cupped his swollen balls to excite him further. Tomaso couldn't control himself any longer and he warned Ashley that he was going to cum. Ashley kept right on sucking his cock and let him cum in her mouth. Tomaso grunted, stiffened and then shot his load into her sensuous mouth. Ashley swallowed every drop and then she released Tomaso's impressive cock. 

He was still hard and he gently pushed Ashley back on the sofa and moved between her legs. He eased his cock into her receptive pussy and she wrapped her legs around his torso. His cock was huge and the largest ever in her. He was bigger than Joseph and even bigger than Joseph's brothers, Caleb and Jonah. His body covered hers and she loved the feel of his hairy chest on her sensitive nipples. Tomaso fucked her slowly as he wanted to make her cum over and over before he was done with her that night.

Tomaso would push in a little and then pull out a little slowly working his cock deeper and deeper into her vagina. Finally his entire cock was buried in her and Ashley sighed feeling completely full almost afraid to move. This was a new sensation for her to be this full. Tomaso held himself inside her waiting for Ashley to start fucking him. He looked down at her and smiled and then she pulled him down to her and they kissed deeply with their tongues playing with one another. Ashley was ready to be fucked and she needed his big dick to slide in and out of her and rub her clit. She began to move and then Tomaso fucked her using long slow hard strokes. Ashley locked her legs around Tomaso's ass and pulled him into her. He began to fuck her harder and faster and she felt another orgasm on its way. She was at the mercy of his gigantic organ as it pounded her pussy.

If Tomaso hadn't just cum in her mouth he would not have been able to hold on as long. Ashley was so hot and squeezed him with her tight pussy; she was really a good fuck. Tomaso fucked her through one orgasm after another before he filled her pussy with cum. His orgasm was as intense as hers as their bodies ground together and they moaned and groaned loudly. Ashley could feel his cock softening but even then it still filled her cunt. Tomaso slowly lifted himself off of her body and in so doing his thick cock slipped from her pussy. Ashley felt the void in her cunt as his cock left her body and she gasped as the coolness of the air touched her vacant pussy.

She remained on the sofa naked except for her thigh high hose. Tomaso smiled at her as he got dressed. She looked so alluring in just her hose with a sexually sated look on her face. Tomaso told her that Joseph was out and that he would sleep soundly until morning.

Not a word was spoken between them again as Tomaso dressed and then left the hotel room. Ashley remained on the sofa for several minutes contemplating what had transpired. She liked Tomaso and he was a good lover. She was glad that he came onto her and made love to her while her husband was in the bedroom. 

Ashley got up and removed her hose. She gathered up her clothes from the floor and entered the bedroom. Ashley cleansed herself in the bathroom before joining her sleeping husband in bed. She lay on her back, stared at the ceiling and thought about the past six months of her life. Before she and Joseph wed, she was a virgin. Since that wedding day she lost her virginity in every orifice. She recalled the debauchery of her first honeymoon.

SIX MONTHS EARLIER

Ashley and Joseph had dated for six months before she agreed to marry him. His father Abraham was a very successful business man who owned his own company. Joseph and his two brothers all worked for their father. Caleb and Jonah were both married. Caleb's wife Sarah was a pretty and shapely brunette; they were both 23 years old. Jonah was married to a gorgeous blonde named Claire and they were both 25 years old. Joseph's mother had perished when they were all teenagers but his father did not re-marry.

The wedding was a small private affair and afterward the entire family went on the honeymoon which Ashley thought extremely strange. They boarded the private jet and hours later they were at a remote island. The house was huge and the views were breath taking. Ashley was nervous as nightfall approached as she knew that she would give up her virginity to her husband. 

Ashley had changed into a sexy nightgown in the bathroom. She wanted to appear very desirable to Joseph. She stepped into the bedroom and gasped aloud when she saw three naked men in the room with her. Abraham, Caleb and Jonah were all sporting erections and stroking them in front of her. She turned to run back into the bathroom but the brothers caught her arms. She was led over to the bed and placed on it. 

"What are you doing? Where is Joseph?" she screamed.

"Don't worry about Joseph, he is in good hands. Claire and Sarah will train him to be a good lover," Abraham told her.

"What he is with your wives?"

"Yes he is and they will do a good job," Caleb replied.

"I can't believe this." Ashley whimpered into her hands.

"We are going to teach you to become an equally good lover. It is a family tradition that we will take your virginities."

Ashley heard virginities, plural and wondered what they meant. She would learn soon enough. The three men held her down on the bed and removed her night gown. Abraham got on the bed while Caleb and Jonah pulled her legs apart. Ashley struggled briefly but soon realized that it was useless. Abraham eased his cock into her and moved it around slowly pressed against her hymen. He made sure that she was wet before he thrust into her taking her virginity. 

Ashley cried out when her hymen was penetrated but minutes later she was enjoying the stiff shaft rubbing against her clit. She was tight and her father-in-law did not last long. She felt his body stiffen and then the warmth of his discharge as a man came in her for the first time in her life. Abraham grunted when he came and then after a few more thrusts he moved off of Ashley. He was quickly replaced by his son Jonah who was thicker and longer than his father. Ashley felt the second cock fill her womb and she gasped as it entered her. 

Jonah lasted longer and managed to get her off twice before he came. Ashley instinctively wrapped her legs around Jonah and thrust up at him as he drilled her tight pussy. She soon felt him tense up and then he exploded in her and she felt the jets of warm semen shoot into her. She had cum twice and she felt wonderful. Jonah moved off of her and Caleb was there to take his place.

Caleb's cock was tapered and slender which did not fill her like Jonah. However Caleb proved to be a good lover and he kept his cock in constant contact with her clit. Ashley went wild with her third and fourth orgasms. Her body trembled and rocked with her last climax. She then remained passive until Caleb ejaculated in her and then moved away. Ashley remained still with three loads of semen in her womb. She was somewhat in shock over the family's behavior. 

Abraham had run a bath for her and she was carried by the men into the bathroom. For the next twenty or so minutes she was washed and douched by the three men who loved touching her body. They washed her breasts, douched her pussy and even washed her bottom. Then they dried her body and carried her back to bed.

"Now my dear we are going to teach you about oral sex," Abraham announced.

Ashley watched with apprehension as he moved her legs apart and lowered his mouth to her vagina. He kissed her inner thighs and blew lightly on her quim. She flinched when his tongue flicked across her clit and then sighed when he nibbled on it. She had never felt anything so pleasurable. As her pussy heated up and she enjoyed the oral stimulation, Jonah moved up to her face and offered his cock to her.

"It is time for you to learn to suck cock," Jonah told her.

Jonah reached for Ashley's head and held it gently as he guided her face toward his cock. Ashley knew that she was expected to take Jonah's cock in her mouth but she was reluctant. Ashley let Jonah guide her face to his cock and she opened her mouth wide to receive the impressive organ. The big fleshy mushroom head filled her mouth and she knew that she would never be able to take all of him in her mouth. Ashley was inexperienced in oral sex but she bobbed her head up and down on the stiff shaft taking about half of it in her mouth.

Ashley actually liked the soft feel of the mushroom head rubbing against the roof of her mouth as she sucked the thick cock. Jonah then held her head gently and caressed her hair as Ashley sucked him. Jonah was very turned on and he knew that he would not last long. Jonah felt his ball sac tighten and the pressure build in his scrotum. He opted not to tell Ashley that he was close to cumming but instead held her head more firmly. Then Jonah felt it and he ejaculated into Ashley's mouth with such force that it startled her.

Ashley tried to pull her head off of Jonah's cock but he held her head tightly as jets of cum shot into her mouth. Ashley felt the first jolt hit the back of her throat and before she could react, a second round shot in her mouth. Ashley tried to expel the semen as quickly as she could without swallowing any and it ran out of her mouth covering Jonah's shaft and flowing over his testicles. Jonah kept shooting cum into Ashley's mouth and she quickly learned to use her tongue to block the discharging cock. Six forceful jets were shot into her mouth and then the cock just oozed its remaining discharge. In spite of her efforts, Ashley ended up swallowing some of Jonah's semen. She at first was repulsed by the act but then she thought that the semen hadn't tasted that bad. 

Jonah's cock and balls were cum covered when Ashley finally removed his cock from her mouth. She stared at the imposing weapon that had just ejaculated in her mouth and it was still as hard as steel. Then her attention returned to her pussy as she was close to another orgasm. Her body went rigid and she groaned loudly as she climaxed in her father-in-laws mouth. Just when she thought that they were done with her she was rolled over on her belly. "Now what," she wondered.

Caleb straddled Ashley and kneaded her gorgeous ass cheeks. He massaged her ass and put an ample amount of oil on her anus. Then he began to probe her first with one and then two fingers. Before long his fingers were moving easily in and out of Ashley's thoroughly lubed rectum. He lifted Ashley up by her hips until her ass was in the air as she rested her head on the bed. He removed his fingers and positioned the head of his cock at the entrance to her ass. As he eased his cock into her bunghole he heard Ashley gasp and hold her breath.

"Relax Ashley, Caleb has the perfect cock to take your anal virginity," Abraham told her.

Ashley struggled with her inner thoughts. She knew this was wrong but her ass seemed to overrule her sensibility. As Caleb eased his cock into her ass the head cleared her sphincter and Ashley uttered an audible gasp. The pain was sharp but brief as Caleb's tapered cock worked its way deeper and deeper into Ashley's ass. If anyone had the perfect cock for butt fucking, Caleb did.
