 This story involves a wife's infidelity - eventually. Without any repercussions. If you do not like these types of stories... Please move on to something you do like. However if such stories are something you can or do appreciate - realizing they are mere fiction and fantasy - please enjoy.

This is probably the longest story I've written before the fun really happens. I hope you have the patience to get to it. Also, this is my first time writing from both the husband and wife's view at once. As always, constructive comments and feedback are always welcome.

*****

In his truck, Sonny anxiously waited . . . wondering if that was the end or not . . . if Etta would be up for another round. If she could take any more. She looked tired and worn-out . . . and as far as he knew, she'd never been fucked so much in one session before.

But Frank wasn't letting her quit yet.

"Billy, lay down on the floor," he instructed his friend, walking over to the couch to run a hand up and down the center of her back.

"Mmm," she sighed, her eyes fluttering open slightly.

"Come on, naughty girl," he said, his hand continuing to caress her back. "We've got some more fun for you."

"Huh? Ooh-mm." Opening her eyes more, she looked around, momentarily confused. She too had forgotten about youth's resiliency and had thought the evening was over. But now Frank was indicating that it wasn't and Billy was laying on the floor, using the throw pillow she'd left there, his cock hard once again. In the moments since Jesse, her fires had calmed . . . almost died. But hearing Frank's words and seeing Billy's renewed erection made them flare up.

"Ya didn't think that was the end, did ya?" Frank asked, gently tugging on her arm.

"Um... Uh," she mumbled, sitting up and glancing around, her features slack, loose strands of hair sticking to her cheeks and forehead. Her breasts swayed gently with her evened breaths, her still engorged nipples pointing out. Between her slightly open legs her swollen, pink pussy lips glistened, a drop of cum drying within their folds. Brushing her hairs away from her face she looked from Billy to Frank and his erection, which was basically right in front of her. And the confusion faded, being replaced by concern. "I... Uh... I don't know if I can."

"Sure you can," Frank assured her, helping her stand.

Her legs nearly folded under her, her muscles weakened by the multiple, powerful orgasms. Holding onto Frank, she let him help her walk over to Billy where he also helped her straddle the young man. Slowly she lowered onto him, her knees bending into the carpet, her pussy settling along his cock. The feel of the rigid pole made her hips roll reflexively, rubbing herself against it. Billy's hands came up to her ribcage, supporting her as Frank let go and stepped away. She leaned forward, laying down atop Billy, her tits being smashed against his chest. She set her hands on the floor to either side of him. One of his hands slipped up to cup a breast while his other filled itself with her hair, pulling it back . . . tight . . . using it to turn her so he could kiss her neck . . . nip at her flesh with his teeth.

"Mm-ooh," she mewed, shifting to give him better access to her mound and rubbing herself against him . . . harder.

Sonny split the tablet's screen so he could see from both directions. It wasn't the best angle, but he could see his wife's sex rubbing back and forth atop the young man's cock, her juices leaking from her to coat it. Soon she lifted herself up and reached down between them with one hand to grasp his shaft. Supporting herself with the other hand, Etta remained bent forward, allowing Billy to continue kissing her neck as she moved her hips forward . . . guided him to her . . . set him against her. Then she slid her hips back . . . pushing herself onto his manhood. Sonny stared at the image . . . fascinated. This was the most direct view he'd had of her pussy being penetrated, and it made his own cock pulse with its own renewed energy.

Whimpering, Etta took Billy's entire cock into her and rolled her hips, grinding herself on the shaft filling her. Then she started to slowly rock back and forth, patiently humping herself along him. With both hands again on the floor beside him she lifted herself up, giving him freer access to her breast. Billy quickly released her hair and brought that hand to her unattended tit and both his hands eagerly fondled her lovely mounds, his fingers squeezing . . . molding . . . tweaking her sensitized nipples.

"Ooh yes. Yes," she panted, humping herself on and off him, her fires growing. She rolled her head back, her hair hanging down past her shoulders, swaying with her body's motion.

Watching the duel screens, Sonny gazed at her flush features . . . her closed eyes . . . her trembling lip . . . and her pussy fucking the young man's rigid cock. And he loved it. The image of his pure little wife looking so lustful . . . acting so wanton.

Yet he still had more surprises coming.

As she fucked Billy, Etta sensed someone beside her. A hand gripped her asscheek . . . pulled it away from the other. Then a cool liquid was running down her crack and over her sphincter. Alarm bells began clamoring. She froze mid-hump, her body tensing, her eyes snapping open. Turning to look back over her shoulder she found Frank standing there, a bottle of something in the hand pulling at her cheek, his other hand reaching for...

"No...," she gasped as a finger touched her sphincter . . . massaged it . . . made it quiver.

"Oh yes." His massaging finger applied gentle pressure to her little brown hole.

She'd never been touched . . . there. No one had ever even tried it before. And she was amazed by how good it felt . . . how erotic. But it was wrong to . . . to . . . to do that. As he continued caressing her anus she could tell that he'd put whatever lubricant on the finger as well and the pressure he was applying quickly forced her body to allow it access . . . penetrating her to the first knuckle.

"Ooh!" She gasped, the sensation making her hips jerk a little, her eyes close.

"Haven't ya ever done this?" Frank asked, his finger slipping completely into her. He wiggled it around a little then pumped it in and out a few times.

"No," she breathed, her eyes opening to look at him. "No, I-I never..."

Beneath her, Billy lifted his hips and rolled his cock around inside her while his hands fondled her breasts. The actions kept her fires dancing . . . her passion simmering . . . even as this newest development gave her pause.

"You've never had a hard cock inside your sweet little ass?" Frank asked. He withdrew his finger, immediately sliding another into her, this one having obviously been lubricated also.

"No." She gasped. His words echoed in her mind with their obscenity . . . their dirty implications. That and the sensation of him switching fingers made her passion reverberate . . . made her sphincter quiver again, and her hips rolled delicately in response. "You're not... not supposed to... It's wrong."

"Yes. Yes it is, Etta," Frank agreed, squirting some more of the oil where his finger was probing her ass. "It's wrong... and naughty... and dirty. And it feels so good."

"Ooh God," she panted, her body relaxing as his words fueled her fires. He was right . . . this was dirty . . . and the idea of it made her feel that way; dirty . . . naughty . . . sinful. Her hips started to slip back and forth again, sliding herself on and off Billy's cock . . . and Frank's finger. Turning her face forward again she let her head drop forward, her hair falling to hide her face.

"You're gonna love this," Frank told her. "You're gonna love bein' a wicked girl."

"Ooh-mm," she whimpered, her hips sliding faster. Billy's cock was stuffing her sex, filling her as she humped herself upon it again and again. The feel of Frank's finger was strange, but already starting to feel . . . limited. Somewhere in the waves of pleasure filling her she heard a thump and just knew it was the bottle of whatever Frank was using as lubrication being dropped to the floor. She imagined he'd put some on his cock and was now getting it ready to replace his finger. At least she hoped he had. Waves of fear and apprehension began mingling with those of pleasure and she bit her lip nervously. Within the evening's lust driven world she'd pushed all her piety against the approaching act away, no longer caring . . . no longer wanting to care about such hindrances to all the pleasures she was experiencing. But she was still scared . . . the size of Frank's cock . . . the idea of it invading her ass...

"Ok, now just hold still a sec," Frank instructed her, pulling his finger from her ass.

"Mmm," she whimpered, stopping with Billy's entire cock stuffing her pussy.

Frank set a hand on her shoulder and guided her to lean completely forward again, her head coming to rest on Billy's shoulder. Her body reflexively tensed as Frank knelt behind her and set his cock's tip at her sphincter.

With Frank obscuring the one view, Sonny flipped back to the single view.

"Relax, Etta. Relax," Frank sighed as he pressed forward, the cockhead spearing her anus . . . forcing it to open . . . to accept him.

"Oh God. Oh God," she panted, her head rolling back, her eyes tightly closed.

"Relax," he breathed again as a couple inches of his shaft followed the head. He stopped there, holding still for a minute.

"Ooh God," she gasped, her head falling forward as she tried to do as he said. The invasion, even at this minimal point, hurt and she wasn't sure if she could take any more of him. But she wanted to try . . . wanted to be that woman . . . just once.

He pulled back, extracting a small portion of himself, then pressed forward again, this time sliding more of himself into her before pausing again. He waited a minute, giving her time to grow accustomed to the added inches, then pulled a little out and pressed forward again.

"Ooh God. Ooh God," she panted, the pain rolling over her momentarily before subsiding . . . slightly. She didn't know how much of his cock he had in her, but since she didn't feel his crotch against her ass, she knew there was more to come. And while the pain was dampening her fires a little, Billy was helping to keep them burning by rolling his hips and playing with her tits.

Frank pulled back . . . pressed forward . . . more of him penetrating her ass, making her whimper and gasp. Her head rolled back, her hair falling away. Her face was tense, her eyes tightly closed. Frank pulled back . . . pressed forward . . . again and again. Slowly, steadily he stuck more and more of his cock into her ass. At some point she felt it start to rub against Billy's cock through the membrane separating the two canals and her mind screamed . . . the sensation making the fact that she had two rigid cocks inside her so real . . . so tantalizing. As she thought about this her body softened, losing most of its tension. This allowed Frank to slide the last portion of himself into her, his crotch coming to rest against her ass. Then he held himself there, his hips gently rolling as he gripped her waist.

"Ooh God!" she panted, her fires roaring up with renewed vigor.

Sonny stared at the scene in amazement. Although he'd thought about it, he had never tried fucking Etta in the ass . . . never even broached the idea with her. It'd always just seemed too obscene . . . too dirty . . . for his virtuous little wife. Yet here she was, letting this young man put his cock in her ass, her features growing slack as she grew accustomed to the invasion.

"Ooh. Ooh," Etta mewed as Frank began a limited fucking of her ass, pulling back only an inch or so at first, then slowly sliding forward. Gradually he increased the length of his withdrawal . . . the speed of his reinsertion and her hips rolled in anticipation of each thrust. With the invasion complete she lifted herself up a few inches so that Billy could pump himself at her pussy in unison with Frank. It took a few minutes but they gradually found a mutual cadence and Etta whimpered as she was fucked by the two young men.

"Ya see, Etta. Ya do like it, you dirty, dirty girl," Frank told her, his hips pumping his cock in and out of her ass . . . stuffing it again and again.

"Ooh God yes," she panted, her own body starting to rock with them. Stretching her arms out, she lifted herself back up and arched her back, pressing her tits into Billy's hands. Her head rolled back, hair cascading away to reveal her lust-filled features.

"So beautiful," Billy sighed, his hips humping his cock into her. His hands grew hungrier on her breasts, mauling them eagerly . . . fueling her desire and making her fires dance higher.

Sitting mesmerized by the image of his wife being double penetrated, Sonny felt his own lust being rekindled . . . his blood pulsing hotly. He'd seen this in the movies, read about it in the stories, but nothing . . . absolutely nothing had prepared him for actually witnessing it with his own . . . precious . . . wife.

Etta's lust grew as the cocks fucked her and she started rocking harder . . . faster between them . . . pumping herself on and off their shafts. Whimpering, she rocked forward, pulling herself off their members. Then she thrust herself back, driving herself back onto them. Back and forth she rocked . . . on and off their rigid cocks.

After a few minutes she sensed something . . . someone standing in front of her. Opening her eyes, she found Jesse standing there, his own rejuvenated member in hand and hovering inches from her face. Seeing this, she knew what he wanted . . . and she wanted it too. The desire to have him put that rigid cock in her mouth rolled through her, no longer just because of her fantasy . . . but because she wanted it . . . wanted to suck his cock . . . wanted to have three cocks at once . . . to be that wanton . . . that dirty.

"Suck it, dirty girl," Jesse said, his empty hand reaching out to collect her hair and pull it tightly behind her head. Then he took a single step forward and put his cockhead against her lips.

"Ooh-mm," she whimpered as he pushed forward, parting her lips to slide himself into her mouth. Etta locked her lips around the shaft as it slid past them until they met his fingers at its base. She sucked on him . . . raised her tongue to brush against his flesh.

"Oh yea," he groaned, holding himself there for a minute.

Etta dropped back, pushing herself onto the other two cocks and pulling her lips back to under Jesse's cockhead. When she rocked forward again, her lips slid down his shaft. Somehow she managed to stutter only slightly in her rhythm as she dropped back . . . rocked forward . . . again and again, fucking the three cocks.

And they fucked her back. Frank held onto her waist, his hips pumping himself at her ass. Beneath her Billy humped himself up and down, driving himself into her pussy while mauling her tits. And Jesse's hips rocked back and forth, pumping his cock in and out of her mouth.

"Holy fuck," Sonny groaned, watching his puritan wife eagerly fuck three cocks at once. The image of it fueled his renewed lust, made his cock pulse within his shorts.

"Mmm. Mmm!" Etta mewed, her fires growing higher . . . burning hotter.

"Fuck yea. Suck my cock," Jesse groaned.

"You're so naughty, Etta," Frank moaned, his hips pumping faster . . . harder.

"Mmm," Etta listened to their words . . . felt their cocks . . . and yet another orgasm stirred within her loins. As powerful jolts of electricity crackled along her nerves her muscles started to tense and her back arched to cram her breasts into Billy's mauling hands.

Back and forth she rocked . . .

Her lips sliding . . .

Bouncing off Jesse's fingers . . .

Her pussy . . .

Her ass . . .

Pumping . . .

On and off . . .

The three cocks . . .

"Fuck. That's... That's..." Sonny growled, unable to find the words for how the image was affecting him . . . making his cock throb with need. "Oh, fuck."

For several minutes Etta continued wantonly fucking the three young men faster and faster, whimpering and mewing as her orgasm grew . . . emerged from the fires and neared the ledge of release. Her muscles started to spasm; tensing . . . relaxing . . . tensing, and her rhythm stuttered, her whimpers growing louder.

"Fuck yea. Fuck yea, you nasty girl," Frank growled behind her, his hands tightening their grip on her waist. His own thrusting grew in urgency . . . his cock pounding into her ass.

"Mmm!" She cried.

"Oh yea," Billy moaned, his hips jackhammering up, driving his cock into her excitedly.

"Mmm! Mmm!" She whimpered, their force shoving her forward . . . driving her lips along Jesse's shaft. Then she'd drop back, her lips coming to under his cockhead, only to be driven forward again. Bringing her hands up to Jesse's thighs, she grabbed onto them in search of some stabilizing support.

Back and forth Frank pumped . . .

Up and down Billy humped . . .

Their cocks pumping . . .

In and out . . .

Hard . . .

Fast . . .

And between them Etta rocked . . . her orgasm hanging at the precipice as she sensed both their cocks growing more rigid . . . sensed them throbbing with their approaching climaxes.

"Fuck! Fuck!" Frank growled, his hands locking her waist in place . . . holding her still as he drove himself into her a few . . . more . . . times. Then he slammed himself against her and froze, his hips rolling . . . his crotch grinding . . . his cock jerking . . . spraying his seed in her ass.

"Mmm! Mmm!" She cried, the sensation tearing the orgasm off the ledge, sending it crashing through her with a new, different force she'd never expected. In response she crammed herself back at Frank, her ass jerking spastically, her hips gyrating and twitching erratically atop Billy, grinding herself on his cock. Her entire body shuddered, her muscles spasming and cramming her tits even harder into the pair of hands molesting them. She tried pulling her mouth off Jesse's cock to cry out, but his hold of her hair prevented this, muting them. "Mm-mmm!"

"Oh fuck yea!" Billy groaned, ratcheting his cock into her then freezing to unleash his load in her pussy.

"Mmm!" Etta whimpered, the sensation of a second cock cumming inside her sending her orgasm reeling to new heights. Her mind exploded with brilliant skyrockets, her body trembled.

Since she was no longer sliding her lips along Jesse's cock, his hips started rocking more . . . faster . . . pumping his cock in and out . . . fucking her mouth. His fingers around the base and her grasp on his thighs were the only things keeping him from cramming it down her throat.

"Mmm! Mmm!" She cried, the act fueling the force of her exploding orgasm, making it ricochet along her nerves with renewed energy. Her body twitched and jerked upon the two cocks impaling her, her hips gyrating excitedly even as she felt them both finish inside her. Shifting slightly, she crammed herself further against both their crotches, her body refusing to release them just yet.

And while they accommodated her by not extracting themselves, their holds on her body did soften. Frank's hands relaxed on her waist and Billy's hands merely fondled her breasts gently, his fingers lightly brushing at her nipples.

Still, her orgasm continued to roll through her, fueled on by the idea that she'd just had two guys cum inside her and Jesse's continued fucking of her mouth.

But eventually it did begin to fade, softening waves of rapture ebbing away. Her muscles relaxed, her body softening, wanting to collapse. Yet, she remained propped up by Billy's hands, Jesse's hold in her hair, and her own grasp upon his thighs.

Pulling his cock from her ass, Frank dropped to the side, sitting back against her chair.
