 It was a typical day at the customer service counter. Customers seemed to come in waves. Then nothing, then a line. The up and down of the day seemed more tiring than if there had been a constant line. But it was her last day for a few. Pamela was looking forward to a few days of nothing. Well, maybe some video games. She did like the diversion. Always felt good to shoot something.

The line was forming again. Looked like a couple returns, maybe a layaway. The older guy in the back looked vaguely familiar. Probably someone's parent that she knew. She would see when he got up to the front. In the meantime there were customers to greet and assist. Pamela's smile seemed to always diffuse even the bitchiest customers. That and her hazel eyes. As one of her coworkers had said "Glad you use those powers for good and not evil." If they only knew.

As the older fellow came closer, Pamela still couldn't quite place him. It would come to her. Or she would just ask him.

The fellow stepped to the counter and greeted Pamela before she could even say anything. "Hello Pamela. Hope your day has gone well."

Pamela Started a little. "How...how did you know my name?" Then she remembered her name badge, and looked down and sheepishly smiled and continued. "Oh. Right. Well, it has been good, but how may we assist you?"

The man smiled. There was something about him. He looked so familiar. He answered. "Well, you can best assist me by having dinner with me tonight. I believe you get off here in about an hour, you live about a half hour away. Given time to shower, change and relax a bit, I will be by about 6:00. I have a reservation for us at John's Grill at 7:30 which should just about work." He turned as if to leave.

"Excuse me, sir." Pamela called to him. Part statement, part question. She wasn't sure she had heard him correctly. "Dinner? And what makes you think I would be having dinner with you? And what about my plans? And how do you know where I live?" The words came spilling out. The other customers and associates turned to see what was happening. Those who knew her knew she didn't react that way without some reason.

The man turned back. "I know where you live because you told me. I know you don't have plans this evening, also because you told me. I think you will be having dinner with me because I have asked you." The man's eyes were a piercing shade of blue and were looking not only at her, but through her. Into her.

"I told you?" Pamela asked. Then it started to vaguely make some sense. But not completely "Who are you?" She was nothing if not direct.

"So adorable. You don't quite recognize me. I'm Dave. Or as you might better know me, Xan. From the game. And chat." His response confirmed the familiar look and also caught her a little off guard.

"I, I thought I recognized you. But you look so different. Much more...." Pamela's voice trailed off.

Dave finished the sentence "Distinguished. I am sure that was the word you were looking for. You have only seen me in flannel shirts and jeans, or less. So I must seem a bit more formal." He winked and smiled at her. "Until 6:00, then. I do hope you are hungry." He turned and left the store leaving Pamela staring after him.

The shift ended without any further incidents. That one had been more than enough. Pamela's mind raced. Should she go to dinner with Dave? He had been an online mentor, confidant, chat buddy, even cyber lover a couple of times. In some ways he had been her conscience during some personal debates she had had with herself. But he was much safer at the other end of the anonymous computer cable. Ones and zeroes instead of flesh and blood. The walk home was a blur while she wrestled with the questions.

A nice hot shower helped to make the decision. Why not do dinner. There were plenty of witnesses at the store who saw him. If he did do away with her, the store had surveillance video so they should catch him. Now she was just being morbid. Why not dinner? John's Grill sounded familiar. Downtown San Francisco. Nice. She fed her dogs and put food out for the cats. Found a cute top and the cleanest dirty pants and made a mental note that laundry had to get done this weekend.

It wasn't "about 6:00", it was exactly 6:00 when the limousine pulled up in from of Pamela's apartment. She could see more than one neighbor look out to see what was up. While the apartments were nice and usually pretty quiet, it would be more likely to see a police car pull up than a limo. She saw Dave step out and come to her door.

"Ah, how good of you to be prompt. But I know that that is one of your many charming attributes. Shall we go? I think we can let you neighbors gossip a little about you. Act mysterious. No eye contact, and definitely no waving as we go." Dave took her hand and walked with her down the sidewalk to the waiting vehicle.

In the limo, Dave continued. "You didn't think I was going to drive, did you? I figure this way we can have a chance to talk a bit. I'll get the formalities out of the way. I'm in town on a combination business and pleasure. You, I hope, are the pleasure part. I took a chance and decided to invite you to dinner. We shall see if it leads to more, especially more of some of the ideas we have discussed."

Pamela thought about some of the ideas they had discussed. It had turned out that Dave was a good writer and had gotten Pamela into reading again. It was something she had let lapse, but was getting back into. It helped that they had a mutual interest in the same topic, erotic literature.

Pamela looked at Dave. He was distinguished. Gray hair, a bit thick through the middle, bit not bad. His sport coat and khakis were classic. She saw him lick his lips and wondered if his tongue was as talented in real life as he wrote about it.

"I'm being rude, would you care for a drink? This car seems to be fully stocked. As I recall you like Jameson. With ice?" Dave raised a glass in Pamela's direction.

"Wait, what? Oh, yes. Jameson on the rocks would be amazing." Pamela came back to the present. "So, what is the business that brings you here?"

David handed her the cut glass filled with the strong amber liquor. The ice tinkled musically. "Actually two things. I'm consulting with an unnamed government agency not far from here. I can't go into much because it has some classified pieces and would also bore you to tears. The other is to do some research for a book I had started a while back but put away. Until someone got me writing again. It takes place not far from where we are having dinner."

"Oh, really? Tell me more about the book. Any sex in it? And it takes place in San Francisco?" Pamela was intrigued.

"Haven't decided about the sex yet. The basis revolves around the rarest coin in U. S. history, the 1894 dime minted in San Francisco. Only 24 were minted and the director of the mint may have had more ties to some conspiracies that resulted in the theft of bullion that still may be out here." Dave watched Pamela's eyes glaze over while he filled her in on the book's premise. "I guess I need to add the sex."

Pamela came back and chuckled. "Yes. I think it definitely would benefit from that addition."

Changing the subject, Dave asked Pamela about work, her family and the weather. He was making sure she felt comfortable and knew he wasn't just here for a quick fling. If that happened, great. But he actually was interested in what she did. The age difference might have been part of it, but he did feel a bit protective of her.

"I remember you mentioned you had a bit of a 'daddy kink' when we first started talking. Is that true in real life, or was that just for our online talk?" Dave was back peering into her eyes.

Pamela took a long sip of her drink. "I appear to need a refill. As to that particular interest, it applies in real life. Let's just see how the evening plays out, shall we?"

Dave took her glass and refreshed both the ice and the whiskey. "Well, a few more of these and I know how the evening will play out. You will be half naked and still feeling warm!" He chuckled as he handed the glass back.

"You are terrible! Don't you forget anything?" Pamela feigned a shocked look. She was actually pleased that he remembered that a few drinks warmed her metabolism up and made her shed clothes. She had shown him the progress a couple of times and had obviously made an impression. I promise to keep my clothes on during dinner. Not sure about dessert." 

The limo arrived at the restaurant, a vintage neon sign out front of the old brick building. Dave and Pamela entered and went to the host. They were shown to their table which was by the window overlooking the street and also had a good view of the vintage dining room. Classic white tablecloths. Celebrity pictures on the wall and the 'piece de resistance', one of the original Maltese Falcon statues from the film noire classic movie. The place had a 1930s feel to it. Authentically, not fake or forced.

"I remember you commenting that you liked Art Deco and vintage things like pin-ups. I figured you would enjoy this. It was in the book that led to the movie 'Maltese Falcon'. Humphrey Bogart?" Dave looked to see if Pamela was familiar with that. He hoped that she liked some other vintage items, like him.

Pamela looked around, so much to take in. Great atmosphere. A bit different than the fast food spots she tended to frequent. "Yes, I know the name, but haven't seen or read it. But a very cool place. Thanks for bringing me. And before I forget, thank you for the ride. I don't get picked up in a limo that often." She picked up the menu and browsed a little. "Um, Dave, there are no prices in my menu. I don't get it?"

Dave smiled. "I asked for them specifically. I don't want you to feel obligated and I want you to order exactly what you want. You strike me as one who would order conservatively so you don't run up a tab you can't pay or that the other thinks is too much."

Pamela felt her cheeks warm. It wasn't the drink, but the fact that she did do that. When in doubt she would always order the chicken. "So, you are saying anything on the menu?" She smiled.

"Well, don't fill up completely. Save room for dessert. I do have a treat planned." It was Dave's turn to smile.

Dinner consisted of excellent food and equally excellent conversation. Pamela and Dave discussed everything from current events to past loves to their enjoyment of the atmosphere in the restaurant.

Pamela couldn't wait any more. She was dying to know what the plan for the remainder of the evening was. In her own direct way, she asked. "What is the plan for the rest of the evening? You said you had a plan for dessert, but the evening is still young."

"Yes, much does lie ahead." He answered. "But this evening is only beginning. You should plan on the next several days in my company. We will stop by your apartment, but I have made plans. You will enjoy them." Dave's voice was smooth, reassuring and cryptic all at the same time. The mystery intrigued her, but also made her a little wary. After all, she really only knew him from online chats and a few exchanged pieces of mail. "Ah, I see the suspicion is kicking in. Nothing to worry about, although I am sure Ted Bundy would say the same. Feel free to tell anyone you know about our plans. But you will be joining me." That was not a question, but a statement.

The waiter came to ask about dessert, which was declined and the check followed. Once paid, it was back into the limo. Dave again went into the bar and poured Pamela a glass of a dark liqueur over ice. "I think you will like this. Small sip, it may burn a little."

Pamela took a small sip. "Oh, yes. It does burn some, but it is marvelous. Orange and, and it takes your breath away."

"It's Grand Marnier. Orange and cognac. A favorite of mine back when I drank." Dave said.

"Yes, I noticed you weren't joining me in the drinks. Honestly it made me a little suspicious." Pamela said as she raised her glass for another sip.

"Ah, yes. W. C. Fields 'Never trust a man who doesn't drink.' I will admit that I was trying to get you drunk to have my way with you, but hardly anything suspicious about that. I drank my share the first half of my life. Now I have time to focus on other vices." Dave responded.

The ride hadn't been very long and it stopped in Chinatown by the entrance to a small side street, Ross Alley. The limo put on its' flashers and Dave opened the door. "Care to join me on a short walk? We'll only be a moment."

Pamela looked. There was the usual crush of people that were always in this area. Most paid no notice to the long black vehicle, a few looked with mild curiosity. The other cars didn't look as happily on it as they changed lanes to go around the big dark roadblock. "Sure, I'll come. Nothing sketchy about a dark alley in the middle of Chinatown."

They walked about half a block down the alley, it was dark, filled with trash cans that were mostly filled. On the right an ancient Chinese man sat on a stool staring straight ahead. Dave looked at him, extended his hand and said "Ni Hao". The old man looked up and half stood to take Dave's hand. 

An exchange was made and the old man produced two brown paper bags and what looked like a thermos bottle.

Dave took them and turned to Pamela and they began to leave the alley as the old man picked up his stool and softly called "man zou" to them as went back to the waiting limo.

"What was that?" Pamela asked. "I feel like we were just in the middle of a drug deal or a spy drop. Was that for my benefit? Fun, but was it necessary? I am impressed with the Chinese greetings, though. Nice touch." Pamela was direct.

"Okay, a little bit for you. But some necessity. The Fortune Cookie Factory closes at 6, but they will hold an order for you. For a generous tip." Dave continued. "The Chinese, yeah, I pretty much can get my face slapped in about ten different languages. I know a few phrases. That was just a basic greeting. What he said as we left , 'Man zou', which literally means walk slowly. Always good advice. Take time and appreciate things."

"Fortune cookies?" Pamela cooed "Now that sounds like a fun dessert." They sat beside each other on the back bench seat of the compartment. It was leather and probably bigger than Pamela's couch.

"These are especially good. Made fresh about 2 hours ago, crisp and great fortunes. They are also excellent dunked in the Grand Marnier." Dave said with a grin. "I also have a bottle with some excellent black tea. Perfect for the ride back to your place."

Pamela was a little confused. Dave had said to plan for the weekend which they still had to discuss, but now they were heading to her apartment which was about an hour away. "I'm afraid my place is a bit of a mess, I was not expecting company. And I thought you said something about the weekend. Maybe you should clue me in on what you have in mind. And yes, please, I will have tea with the cookies."

"Oh we are just stopping at your place long enough for you to feed your pets and arrange their care for the next day or so. Then on to our weekend. I am impressed it took you this long to ask. You truly are a patient woman." Dave handed her a plate with two cookies and held out a small cup filled with steaming brown liquid. He took the same for himself.

Pamela cracked open the first cookie. Talk about fresh and crisp. Crumbs went to the plate and to the carpet. The slip inside was folded neatly. "You will find luck tonight." was the fortune with a little winking emoticon. Pamela laughed and refolded the piece of paper and put it into her pocket.

Dave saw Pamela chuckle and asked "Good cookie? How was the fortune?" He had just started to open his.

Pamela replied. "Oh I think it is bad luck to share a fortune before it has had a chance to come true. Maybe I will share the other one." She eyed the second brown paper bag. "Did you get enough for the whole weekend? I thought the first bag had quite a few."

Dave read his fortune, smiled and put it away. He reached for the cup of tea and took a sip. "Oh, that second bag is not cookies. You will see later." He leaned across the seat and kissed her deeply. Their tongues met and tangled going back and forth between their mouths.

Dave reached down and cupped Pamela's breast with one hand as his mouth went to her neck where he kissed softly and ran his other hand through her hair. "I believe it is time you showed me how talented that tongue of your is. You have told me about how everyone says it is talented and how they love your mouth. I plan to sit back and let you service me. Your time will come soon enough." He sat back in the seat and watched as Pamela moved to the floor. As she reached to undo his pants, he continued. "We have time. I'd like you to strip. Let's have you naked in the back of this limo while you suck me."

Pamela complied as Dave watched she slipped easily out of her clothes. The windows were dark enough she knew no one looking in could see, but she could see the passing cars. What a treat they would have if they could have seen in. Naked, she knelt before him again and loosen his belt and undid the button on his khakis. She took the zipper and slowly pulled it down.

Dave began breathing a little faster. "I will apologize for the old man cock first off. You may not find it as hard as the young dicks you usually suck, but it is equally as appreciative." He rose slightly and moved his pants lower and shifted his shorts down to allow Pamela access to pulling them completely off.

Pamela grasped the fabric of both and looked at Dave as she began to lower them. "Oh, don't worry about how hard it is. A little attention from me and I am sure it will rise to the occasion." She smiled as she saw a stiffening cock emerge from his pants. Certainly not the largest, but just like the men attached, each cock had their own attributes. Dave had a large head and small shaft, and it did seem to be responding to being exposed to the fresh air. "Poor guy has been cooped up too long."

Dave watched as Pamela knelt close and then used her tongue to lick lightly around the tip of his cock. He laid back in the seat and enjoyed the show before him. Pamela was completely naked, he could see her head taking his cock and he could feel it stiffening and sensing each touch of her tongue. He placed his hand at the back of her head and pushed her down on his cock, feeling her mouth take him in and begin to suck as her tongue continued to swirl around him. The sensation was electric. "That's my girl. Suck that cock. Be my cocksucker, Pamela, don't let a drop of cum get away from you."

Feeling Dave's hand on her head and hearing him call her a cocksucker made Pamela move even faster, bobbing up and down on his cock. It tasted good. She found a drop or two of salty precum and swirled it on her tongue. She looked up slightly from the gray busk of hair and saw him taking in every move. She held his hips as she took him in completely and sucked as she slowly pulled back. That stretched his cock out and elicited a deep "Aaaaaaah" from Dave.

Dave grabbed Pamela's hair and held her head down on his cock as he began to feel himself close to climax. She continued to roll her tongue and lick the underside of his cock as it stiffened and began to spasm, unleashing a gush of white cum into her mouth. The sticky warm cum hit the back of her throat and filled her mouth. After several long squirts, Dave lay back and pulled Pamela off his cock by her hair. He looked approvingly as she opened her mouth and showed him what she had taken, a nice puddle of white cum in her mouth. 

Pamela closed her mouth and swallowed as Dave pulled her up on the seat next to him and kissed her hard. He held her lip in his teeth as he pulled away and then released it. "You taste a little salty. What a great blow job. I think you will be doing that a few more times this weekend." He studied her naked body next to him. His hand went to her bare breast and the hard nipple was between his thumb and forefinger. He squeezed slightly, and then a little harder as he moved in and kissed her again.
