 The next morning, I awoke to find Angela and Simone in 69 already, their groans awakening me. My cock was rock hard with a morning woody, so I simply rubbed my eyes, stretched, and lay beside them, watching them, wanking for a bit. Simone was on top, her large tits pressed against Angela's stomach, bulging out on the sides. I could hear their tongues lapping, and could smell their arousal in the air.

I reached over to the two women's cunts, trying to slide a couple of fingers in each. Both women broke contact, letting me lubricate my fingers in each cunt, and then I slid them back, rubbing each woman's asshole. Both of them groaned, and resumed licking the other one out. I slowly rubbed each ass, gently pressing inside, feeling them both open to let me in.

However, I wanted good hard sex, so I didn't keep it up for long. Instead, I kneeled above and behind Simone, lining my cock up with her cunt. Angela helped out, taking a hold of me and guiding me in. I pushed hard, most of my cock entering Simone before I had to stop, easing back. She grunted beneath me, "Fuck, Andy, you're big.... Do it again... Let me feel you all the way." I pulled back, and then pushed in the final amount, bottoming out, my balls dangling against Angela's face. She flicked out her tongue, licking my balls as I enjoyed Simone's hot cunt for a while.

I reached my hand down, and slid my finger tip, still wet with Angela's juices, into Simone's ass, feeling her cunt tighten around me as her muscles responded. She groaned, momentarily pausing her feast on Angela's cunt, and then resumed again, her head bobbing with the motions of her tongue.

I started fucking Simone, nice and slowly, long strokes, feeling every ripple in her cunt walls as my swollen head traveled her depths. Simone kept pace with me, licking my balls again each time I had my entire length in Simone.

Simone's hips pushed back against me as I bottomed out, urging my cock as deep as it could go, and Angela's hand reached round to take my hand away from Simone's ass. Instead, Angela used her own hand, placing her fingertips at Simone's cunt as I withdrew from her, smearing Simone's juices around my woman's fingers, and then as I pushed back in, Angela spread those juices up to Simone's ass, pushing a finger in, and I could see Simone's ass start to get use to it, Angela needing to push less each time she pushed.

I started to fuck Simone faster, excited by seeing Angela fingering the other woman's ass. Angela started using two fingers, no longer spreading Simone's juice around, just finger-fucking that lovely butt beneath me. Simone was moaning in time with our fucking, and I could feel Angela's fingers pressing against my cock as I pushed into the hot channel I was fucking.

We carried on like this for a while, maybe ten minutes, Angela telling me to go slowly, to not come yet, Simone moaning wordlessly into Angela's cunt as she licked it. Angela started using three fingers in Simone's ass, the muscle stretching deliciously to accommodate them. I leant forward over the women, whispering in Simone's ear as I fucked her.

"Simone honey, that's three fingers in that tight little ass of yours... Three fingers stretching you wide... And you're managing fine... Does it feel good? Do you like your ass stretched like that?"

She pulled away from Angela's cunt, and turned her head to one side. "Oh fuck yeah that's good... Keep on fucking me Andy... Fill me up... " I leaned over more, and we kissed as best we could given our positions, Angela's juices coating her mouth.

"Do you want more Simone? Do you want more in your ass?"

"Oh fuck yes.... Do it Andy... Fuck me... Come in my ass..." She went back to licking out Angela.

I leaned up again, and I looked down again at Simone's cute ass, her anus filled with three of Angela's fingers, and thought I would actually give it a shot today, even if she had just said that out of excitement. Maybe not my full length, but.... I loved the idea of coming in Simone's ass, and having Angela lick it out. So I started to fuck Simone harder, letting my own come approach, seeing her asshole loosen more under Angela's ministrations.

Eventually, I could feel my come about almost there, and I pulled out. Angela immediately took a hold of my cock with her spare hand, pulling it down towards her. I tilted my hips to let her, rather than strain something with my cock being forced so far down, and she took me as deep into her mouth as she could, sucking Simone's juices of me. Then she pulled me from her mouth, and she told me to go into her bag for the lube. I got it out, slapped some on my throbbing cock, and poured some onto Simone's ass, letting Angela rub it around and inside the younger woman's ass. Simone groaned as Angela's fingers opened her up again.

Then I crouched over them again, and Angela lined me up with Simone's ass, at the same time going back to licking out Simone's pussy. As my cock head touched Angela's fingers, she withdrew them - causing Simone to moan in disappointment - and pushed my cock-head to touch Simone's asshole. Her rectum flinched as we touched, and she moaned "Do it Andy... Go slow, but fuck my ass... Let me feel you in me... Come in my virgin ass."

I pressed in gently, feeling and seeing her rectum clench in response. Angela let go of my cock, and I took over, holding it, pressing it forward, seeing her flesh dimple as it resisted. Then Angela slapped Simone's butt, hard, the sound of it ringing out. Her asshole relaxed momentarily, and my cock head went in, although with some difficulty, her rectal muscles snapping over my head as the widest point got in. Simone grunted beneath me, her back muscles tightening as she strained to let me in.

Angela's hands settled on Simone's ass, spreading them, fingertips touching my cock as it got used to Simone's ass, and vice versa. I waited, letting Simone adjust, hearing her moan as Angela licked her out more. One of Angela's hands slid up the length of my cock and started wanking me, in the same way Samantha had wanked me whilst I was in Angela's ass.

Then, a bit later, I felt her Simone back at me. Angela pulled away from Simone's sopping cunt, and murmured, "Simone honey, push out, I know it's not nice, but think about taking a shit... Push out in the same way. It works for me... He's so big, isn't he? ... It's so sexy watching you take a cock in your ass for the first time Simone... I wish you could see it."

Angela then went back to licking out the blonde sexy woman with my cock in her ass, and I felt Simone push out, her asshole loosening. I waited, and then pushed slowly on, getting another two inches in her. I could feel her sphincter tighten around me, and stopped pushing. Instead, I pulled out a bit, till my head was pulling against her sphincter. She groaned beneath me, and Angela used one hand to get more juices from Simone's cunt and spread them around the top of my column and Simone's anus. I pushed in again, feeling Simone push back again.

We kept this up. Me fucking a couple of inches into Simone's tight ass, Angela spreading Simone's juices around my cock and Simone's asshole, while licking her cunt. Simone started to go wild, pushing back to meet me, her asshole loosening up, her head tossing as she writhed in ecstasy. Angela went back to just holding the other woman's cheeks apart, and pulling them down, ensuring that she could carry on licking out Simone's cunt. I could smell Simone's excitement in the air, the odour of her cunt juice adding to my excitement.

I let my orgasm build, not even trying to hold back, and told Simone to get ready. 

"Come in my ass Andy... It's so fucking good... Ah Angela... Let him do me again... Don't let it end in a month... So good... Fuck me... Come in me..."

I started my vinegar strokes, short sharp ones, probing her asshole deeper each time, feeling her stretch as she got used to me. As I got to the point of no return, Angela told me to come in Simone's ass, and I let go, my come shooting into the depths of Simone's bowels, as she came as well, screaming into Angela's groin. I pushed as deep as I could as I came, her asshole tightening around me, as my cock pulsed.

After a while, when I was able to pull out, I did so, my cock still relatively hard. I stood up, and urged Simone off Angela. She willingly dropped to the bed, and I turned around, lay on Angela, and sunk my still-turgid cock fully into her cunt. She groaned beneath me. "Oh, that's it... Andy, you dirty bastard... Fucking my cunt after being in her ass... You must think I'm such a slut... Oh, so good baby... And I am... I'm your slut... I'll do whatever you want... Now fuck me, make me come."

I put my all into it, knowing my semi-hard-on would not last long - it never does when I first wake up, as the need to pee consumes me. Her legs wrapped around me, meeting at my back, and her arms came around my shoulders, pulling me in. Her hips worked, meeting me thrust for thrust, and I could tell she wasn't far away. I put even more into it, pulling reserves from somewhere, fucking her as hard as we ever had before.

My cock ploughed her depths, flashing in and out, and she bucked beneath me, her hand coming down between us to finger her clit. I started curling my hips, pushing my cock against her g-spot, and she grunted beneath me. "Baby... Fuck me... I love it when you take me like this... Show me... Show me who owns me... Show me I'm yours... Make me come on your big cock baby... Make Simone suck my come off you... That's it... Oh god baby here it comes... I fucking love your cock... Oh god..."

She came then, her legs tensing around me, her hips pushing me off the bed, her cunt spasming. I let her ride through it a bit, and then flopped down on the bed between the two girls, my cock now definitely deflating, the need to pee taking over.

Simone, more recovered now, leaned over and took my cock in her mouth, licking the combined juices of my come, her ass, and Angela's cunt off me, swallowing them all down. Then she came up and kissed me, whispering that she loved my cock in her ass, that we'll do it again, that she wanted more next time.

But then reality hit. "Shit," she said. "The kids. We'd better get ready for them getting up."

--------------------

Angela left quickly before the kids got up, promising to shower at home so that she was fresh for seeing me later in the day.

Simone and I had a few minutes cuddle, and then she went downstairs to greet the kids while I showered, reminiscing on the night's experiences, and fantasising about similar events in future. I wondered what Charlie would make of Simone being my first "other woman", and suddenly panicked when I realised I would probably have to tell Sam about Simone. I didn't expect her to take it too well.

Simone, Stephen, Daniel, and I spent the morning together, going swimming at the boy's insistence. Simone and I kept flirting with each other: flaunting our bodies when the kids weren't looking; secretly fondling each other when we were "playing chase"; and so on. I caught one of the lifeguards watching us carefully. Or maybe he was just watching Simone's tits, as they were looking mighty fine in her costume.

In the afternoon, Simone offered to keep Daniel at her place, giving Angela and I some quiet time, so I took her up on the offer, and Daniel was more than happy to spend the rest of the day, including overnight, with Stephen. It was a warm day, so Simone even suggested that they camp out in her back garden overnight in tents, which the boys just loved.

When I got back home, I phoned Angela.

"Hey babe, have you tired her out already?" she joked.

"Not at all, we've been good all morning."

"Really?" She sounded surprised. "In that case, you should have enough energy for me to come over tonight then? Or have you got Sam in your diary already?"

"Nope. I'm all yours. Till tomorrow afternoon. Daniel's staying with Stephen and Simone again."

I could hear her smile as she spoke. "Oh, goody goody. I'll have to think of something special to do by way of celebration.... How's about I come over at about five or six. You can cook me dinner, then we'll celebrate...."

"That'll be great. But why so late, what have you got on this afternoon?"

"Just sorting out stuff in the house ready for the move; packing things away that I'm not leaving once I rent it out; that sort of thing."

"Need a hand?"

She thought about it. "Maybe tomorrow to move some heavy stuff. I'd rather just get on with it today and having you around would... distract me."

"Now, Angela, you say that as if it's a bad thing!"

"No, I don't mean the sex, which would be nice. But I do need to get on with things, and if you're continually asking 'Do you want this?' or 'Where does this go?'. I'll get nothing done."

"Fair enough," I agreed. "In that case, I shall break out the cookery books and make sure I've got everything in for something special."

We wrapped up the call, and I sat down in front of the TV for a while, desperately trying to find something good to watch. However, the normal shit Saturday TV was on, so I sat and read for a while. Or at least, I tried to, but couldn't keep my attention on it, as I kept thinking of Angela, Simone, Sam, Peter, Charlie, and all the various combinations that we could be enjoying soon.

So, I decided to take matters into my own hand... by picking up some lube, a vibrator, and driving to Angela's.

She looked surprised that I was there when she answered the door, but she let me in, and lead me into the living room, leaving me to close the door behind me. The room was messy - stuff in piles all over the place.

But my attention was on Angela: worn jeans, a few rips in them at the usual places (obviously they were her jeans for messy work); pale blue light denim shirt on, nicely undone at the cleavage, hanging loose, presumably as she was hot from the work.

I excused myself, saying I had to urgently use her toilet, and then I went upstairs. I stripped off, and quickly wanked myself to a good hard-on. Taking the lube and vibrator from my jacket pocket, I lubed up both myself and the vibe, and took all the items back downstairs with me, throwing my clothes on the floor at the bottom of the stairs and bringing the lube and vibe with me.

She was facing away from me when I entered the room, so I walked over without saying anything, stood directly behind her, took a hold of her hands, and silently lead her over the sofa, facing it, and pushed her forward, forcing her to catch her weight on her hands, her ass stuck out. "Oh!" she uttered as she fell, catching a sight of my naked and aroused state.

I threw the vibrator onto the sofa near her, and reached around her to undo her jeans and yanked them down her legs quite roughly. She softly cried out, but didn't move other than to part her thighs to help me out. I used one hand to press down on her lower back, holding her in place, whilst I wanked a bit, getting plenty of lube spread around my cock and hand.

I pulled her panties to one side, exposing her asshole. They weren't the sexiest underwear I'd ever seen, but as she wasn't expecting me, that was hardly surprising. Then I spread some lube around her asshole. She groaned, wriggling back into me, saying "Oh Andy, I love it when you're so demanding!"

I slapped her ass, hard. "Shut it bitch!" She yelped a bit, looking over her shoulder as I lined my cock up with her cunt and pushed, firmly, feeling her cunt strain to take me without any natural lubrication, but unable to resist due to the lube I'd put on. She grunted, breathing through the stretch as I forced my cock into her tight, dry, channel.

When I'd gotten all the way in, I started pulling out again, while pushing my thumb into her ass, just using the lubrication I'd spread there earlier. She grunted again, her breath hissing in as I pushed it deeper. 

As I fucked her, I could feel her own juices quickly start to spread, so I began to fuck her harder. Her cunt became looser, as did her asshole, and she started responding to me.

"Oh fuck Andy, take me - Oh!" she yelled again as I slapped her ass again, her flesh turning red with the force of it.

"Didn't I tell you to shut it? You're loving it, aren't you bitch? You love a good hard prick stuffed in you. God, look at you, creaming yourself with nine solid inches of cock in you. Well, I'm going to be doing this more often, using you to get myself off, so make sure you wear some sexier panties all the time, you little slut. What do you call these? Are they your grannies?"

I reached forward, grabbing hold of her shoulders with my spare hand, pulling her roughly onto my cock as I fucked her, and I could tell she was getting turned on real fast. She tried to bring a hand up to her cunt to finger herself, but I let go of her shoulder and pulled her hand back onto the sofa, and then resumed pulling her onto my cock by the shoulder.

She got the hint, and stood there silently, bent over whilst I well and truly fucked her. Very quickly, she started to moan urgently under her breath, and I could tell her orgasm was nearing, so I pushed another finger into her asshole. She moaned beneath me, her head tossing as I fucked her, her hips pushing back at me.

"Look at you. You're about to come. You fucking love being taken like this, don't you bitch? You love a good hard cock in you, any time, any place, any hole. You're my little slut, willing to bend over and take it any way I say."

Shortly afterwards, she came, her legs buckling slightly, her weight held up partly by her hands, and partly by my hard cock in her cunt. I didn't wait, simply pulling out and using her juices to add extra lubrication to my cock as I then lined it up with her asshole and slowly pushed, delighting in the sight of her anus opening up willingly to let me in.

I edged forward, slowly gaining ground, feeling her anal canal stretch to admit me. She was groaning into the back of the sofa. "Jesus, look at you. I've hardly even warmed you up, and still you take a big cock up your ass and you're groaning in pleasure."

I told her to use the vibrator. She looked at it, groaned, and reached for it, turning it on. She started running it up and down her lips and clit. "Push it in," I commanded her.

"Oh god," she moaned, as she did as she was told, her asshole tightening again round my cock. The vibrations traveled through her to assault my cock, making my knees tremble.

"I'm going to come in your ass you little slut. Look at you, bent over the sofa with my cock stuffed up your ass and a vibrator in your cunt, and you're still getting turned on -"

"God yes, Andy, fu- Oh!" I slapped her again, once on each cheek, as she started speaking.

"Shut it, slut. Just shut up and take my cock up your ass. I'm going to come in your ass, and leave you here to clean yourself up. I just wanted to get off, and I thought of your slutty holes and how they would do till I can see Simone again. Maybe I'll make you watch while I make love to her, and you can imagine what it would be like if I treat you as something more than my own personal slut. I'll give you this vibrator back so you can wank while I have sex with a real woman, then when she's come as many times as she wants to, I'll come in her and make you lick my come out of her, until she comes again on your face...."

She was moaning intensely, but quietly now, her hips pushing back against me to get me further into her ass, and I could feel my own orgasm approaching.

"Then I'll bring Peter in and he can fuck her ass, and I'll make her sit on your face and you'll suck his come out of her asshole, while I fuck her again, her juices dribbling down onto your face..."

I could feel her asshole clenching around me, a sure sign that she was getting close.

"Then Pete and I will fuck you together, using you, fucking our little personal whore, my cock in your ass and his in your cunt, letting Simone see what a whore you are to let two men fuck you. And we'll both come in you, filling you with our juices."
