 Pt. II: Sex Education


Carol and I had simultaneously lost our virginity the night before, and I was still feeling a special warm glow from our lovemaking. As soon as I got off work at the swimming pool that evening, I called her. That's when I got the bad news. Carol said that when she got up, her apartment mate Karen had asked, "Well, you got your cherry popped last night, huh?" When Carol had asked her what she meant, Karen said that the smell of sex was all over the apartment when she came in at 4:30 am. Then when Carol had carried her sheets out in her laundry basket, Karen had grabbed them and found stains on them: cum, pussy juice, and a little virgin blood.

As Karen was congratulating a thoroughly embarrassed Carol that she was finally a real woman, Joan, their other apartment mate, returned from visiting her parents. So Carol's loss of virginity, which she had wanted to keep secret, was suddenly known to her apartment mates. Then that afternoon, to make matters worse, Carol developed sharp pains in her abdomen. Karen told her that she had the same problem the first time she had sex, so she took Carol to the emergency room of the student health center, and there the (unfortunately) male doctor examined her and observed that she had just become sexually active and had, in the process, contracted a bladder infection. Carol felt her reputation was ruined and that the bladder infection was punishment for having had sex before marriage. She told me not to call back and hung up on me.

For the next three weeks I called every day, but she wouldn't talk to me. I met her outside her summer school class, but she ignored me. I kept trying. On a Friday evening, almost exactly three weeks since our (to me at least) wonderful sexual activity, I called Carol again, but Joan answered. She told me that Carol had left for the weekend to visit her parents, but that she and Karen wanted to talk to me to see if they could help get Carol and me back together. I told her that I was very serious about Carol, and that I had tried to keep our sexual activity a secret to protect her. Joan said she understood, but that she and Karen wanted to talk to me face-to-face. I said I'd bring over some beer, and Joan told me to come whenever I could. I bought a case of bottled beer, and went right over. Since it was the middle of summer I was only wearing sandals, shorts, jockey shorts, and a T-shirt.

Karen opened the door when I knocked. She was barefoot wearing tight, stretchy short-shorts, and a man's shirt over a darkly-colored bra. She smiled at me, gave me a brief hug, and kissed me on the cheek. She told me to leave my sandals near the door. The two of us put the cold beers into a plastic tub and filled it with ice. Joan came out of her bedroom and also hugged me and kissed my cheek. She too was barefoot and wearing short-shorts and a bra-less halter top. Karen had long, brown hair and hazel eyes. Joan was a dusty blonde with light blue eyes. Both had excellent figures and were very pretty. Their breasts were larger than Carol's. I had really enjoyed the hugs! I hoped they had too, since working and training at the pool had left me deeply tanned and in great shape.

Karen poured each of us a glass of beer, and we sat on the sofa with one girl on either side of me. Karen lifted my arm and put it around her shoulders and rubbed against me. Joan did the same and my right arm was touching the skin of her bare shoulders. They turned toward me, rubbing their breasts against my chest and pressing their knees against mine. I began to get a hard-on. Joan spread her fingers and slid her hand up my body from my waist to my face, pulled my head toward hers, and kissed me, pushing her tongue between my lips. "Are you really serious about Carol?" she asked in a throaty voice.

At the same time Karen was rubbing her hand along my thigh. I answered that yes, I was serious about Carol, and Joan slid her hand back down me and rubbed my penis through my pants. Then Karen ran her hand up my chest and kissed me, also with a lot of tongue action. She asked another question, but I interrupted by asking in a strange, tight voice, "What are you two trying to do to me?" They both laughed. Karen stopped kissing me, rubbed her breasts against my chest while Joan continued stroking my bulging pants. "We're making sure you tell the truth! If you're turned on, your mind is on sex and it's hard to lie about other things!" she said. Then she asked, "Carol said you were still a virgin when you fucked her. Is that true?"

I was surprised that Carol had told them that, but I admitted it. Joan said she didn't believe it. Joan said when she "did it" the first time, her boyfriend slammed his way into her, then immediately ejaculated. (I didn't tell them that I had shot my first wad against Carol's legs while kissing her in the kitchen.) She said she didn't have "good" sex until nearly a year later, and that was with another guy. Karen said much the same thing. Her date had pulled her panties aside and rammed his way into her, pumped a few times while she cried out with pain, ejaculated, then pulled out and kissed her good night. Even after she got over her bladder infection she, too, had not enjoyed sex until several months later. Joan said that Carol, on the other hand, was walking around that Sunday morning after her first fuck with "the look." She had obviously been serviced and serviced well the night before. I didn't really like hearing something so private from relative strangers, but I was enjoying their bodies against me so I didn't say anything. Besides I was proud of myself for my first-time performance.

Joan said that I was either a liar or a natural lover. "There was cum on the refrigerator door. Did you screw standing up in the kitchen?" asked Karen. "There was a pussy and cum spot on the underside of a sofa cushion. Did you bang her in the living room, too?" demanded Joan. They had also seen the stains on Carol's sheets. "How long did you fuck in her bed, anyway? That wet spot was huge!" said Karen. I mumbled something about not discussing my sex life and they began to giggle. Then out of nowhere Joan said, "Don't worry. We're both on the pill!" They both giggled again. What the hell was going on?

They moved even closer to me, rubbing their breasts against my chest. They took turns rubbing my erection through my pants. I got even harder. Karen said that they would help me to get back into Carol's good graces ("Well, actually into Carol!" interrupted Joan) and they both laughed. "First we want to check you out." said Joan. Their kisses got more passionate as they kissed me, first one, then the other. I moved my hands from their shoulders and began to rub their breasts, Karen's through her shirt but Joan's underneath her halter top. "Now you're catching on!" Joan purred. She grabbed my penis as she kissed me. I could feel Karen's nipple getting hard through her bra, and I could roll Joan's hard nipple between my fingers. Between kisses and gropes, I said I was interested in Carol and I didn't think it would be right to get involved with them, too. Karen laughed and said that they didn't want to get involved with me. They just wanted to see if I could be as good with them as I obviously was with Carol. "If you can do it three times with a virgin," Joan said, "we wondered how many times you could do it with us?" They promised that this evening was our secret, and that they would never tell Carol about it. But, they said, they needed to know me better before they would help me with Carol. They continued to rub against me and kiss me and I played with their breasts. They were both playing with my stiff, covered prick. Three weeks before I had been a virgin. Now here I was making out with two new women at the same time! Unbelievable!

Abruptly Joan asked me how many articles of clothing I was wearing. I stammered out, "What?" and she clarified her question by squeezing my penis. "Are you wearing underwear?" I said yes, and she said my clothing count was three: shorts, underpants, and a shirt. Joan said that she was also wearing three items. Karen said, "Well, I have four on, so I'll take one off." With that she moved away from me and removed her shirt, leaving her breasts barely contained within a lacy red bra. My stiffening penis really caused a huge tent in my pants as she did this, causing Joan to point at it. Both Joan and Karen giggled, sharing some joke I didn't get. Before I could pull Karen back under my arm and put my hand inside her bra, she winked at Joan. "Okay, we're all even. Let's play cards." Joan said and they both giggled again.

They pulled me off the sofa, and pushed me down on the rug behind a small table, one of them on each side of me. Joan filled each of our glasses with beer from the tub behind her, and we drank them down, then refilled them. Karen began to shuffle cards. "Do you know how to play Hearts?" she asked. I said yes, that the Queen of Spades counted thirteen points and each heart counted one point, although if you got all of the points you "shot the moon" and everyone else got 26 points. Jane declared, "Well, we're playing a little differently. This is Strip Hearts and we don't keep score that way."

I was glad I was sitting down because my dong was pressing really hard against my pants. I kept glancing back and forth from Karen's large, bra-covered breasts to Joan's halter top. Joan explained the new rules: whoever got the Queen of Spades would choose an article of his clothing which the one who gave him the card would remove; whoever got the Ace of Hearts had to down a glass of beer; anyone who shot the moon got to both choose and remove an article of clothing from each of the other players; and the first one naked had to do whatever the person who took off his last piece of clothing told him to do. "Are you man enough to play, virgin-killer?" challenged Karen. "I guess we'll see!" I said and Karen dealt out 51 cards (17 to each of us), leaving the "extra" one face down. "This card goes with the first Heart trick," said Karen.

First we drained our beers and refilled our glasses. We each passed 3 cards to the person on our right, and I ended up with the Queen. Karen led with the two of Clubs, and we followed suit, with Joan winning. She led spades, and Karen won. Karen led spades, and Joan won again. She led spades again, and I had to put the Queen on the pile. Karen played the King, and won the trick but got the Queen. Two hands later I won a trick and got the Ace of Hearts (and the extra card on the table). Karen said that this hand was over since nobody could shoot the moon, and told me to down my beer. I handed my empty glass to Joan who refilled it. Since I had given the Queen to Karen, I got to remove whatever item she chose. She stood up and pointed to her bra. My throat was so tight I couldn't speak, but I got up, moved behind her, unfastened her bra, and removed it from her breasts. As it leaned forward to slip it off, Karen reached behind her, grabbed my penis, and said, "Hey! What's this poking into me?" They both laughed, and Karen turned around and I stared open-eyed at her large breasts as they bounced with her laughter. Karen cupped them with her hands, said that her bra had made her nipples hurt, and asked if I would kiss them to make them feel better. I kissed and sucked each nipple several times until she stopped me. "Never seen any so big before, have you?" challenged Karen. "Not in the wild!" I replied, and we all laughed.

On the second hand I gave Joan both the Queen and the Ace. She drank her beer, and Joan pointed to her top and grinned at me. I got up and finally figured out how to get it off. Her breasts were a little smaller than Karen's but still very large (especially compared to Carol's), and her nipples and areolae were huge! I gave her breasts and nipples the same kissing and sucking treatment that Karen had received, and she rubbed my penis through my pants as I kissed her. Karen whistled and yelled at us like she was at a ball game.

Staring at the two topless women kept me from paying attention to my cards. Karen gave me the Queen, and I gave her the Ace. She drank her beer, then asked what I wanted her to remove. I pointed to my shirt, and she flattened her breasts against me and slowly pulled my shirt over my head, keeping her nipples in constant motion against my chest as she did so. Then she kissed my nipples until they were erect. "He's got double-A breasts, right?" Joan inquired. "Triple!" replied Karen and again we all laughed. "Guess my size!" Joan demanded, and had me reach around her and cup her breasts in my hands. "36 D?" I guessed. Joan corrected me to 34 D. Then I did the same for Karen, and guessed 38 Double D. Karen gave my penis a squeeze, said that was close enough, and we sat down to play another hand. Their nipples were red and sticking straight out. Their areolae were swollen. My balls were aching.

So, there we sat, each topless and wearing our last two items of apparel. On the next hand I shot the moon. Each of them drank down their beers, and I stood in front of Joan. Very, very slowly I felt around her shorts then slid them slowly over her hips and down her legs. I kept my face against her the entire time, ending with my nose pressing against her pussy through her panties. I could feel her heat and wetness against my nose. As her tight stretch pants moved down, they almost pulled her white panties off. Joan just left them that way, with two inches of her blonde pubic hair showing above the top. I was looking at my first blonde pussy! I did the same thing with Karen, but her wet, red panties did come down halfway to her knees, and only stayed where they did because they were hung up on my nose. She left them that way and sat down with her entire black pubic thatch on display. I felt very overdressed. I could feel and smell both of their pussies on my face. Their breasts were bouncing with erect nipples, and I could see the wetness glistening between their legs. My penis was throbbing in my pants.

On the next hand Joan gave me the Queen and the Ace, so I drank my beer and waited for her to remove my pants. She began by crushing herself against me. Then she reached inside my pants, unfastened the snap, and slid my shorts down my legs. As she did so, she pressed her breasts against my thighs and penis. She started to pull my jockey shorts down, too, but Karen stopped her, saying it was against the rules. Joan stood up, gave me a hug, then suddenly tongue-kissed me. I ran my hands down her back and caressed her bare bottom down to where her panties were. I was just beginning to rub her breasts with my hands Karen told us to stop and play cards. I was beginning to feel the beer, Karen was breathing loudly, and Joan was clearly drunk and had lost all inhibitions. It was wonderful!

We knew that one of us would be the loser on the next hand. Karen somehow managed to shoot the moon. Joan and I downed our beers, then Karen reached out and pulled Joan's panties to the floor. Karen picked them up, sniffed them, smiled, and told me to sniff them, too. They were wet and sticky with Joan's juices. Then she rubbed herself against me, slid down me, and pulled my jockey shorts down. My penis snapped free and struck her in the face, and she grabbed it with one hand and began to suck its head. Karen felt my tenseness and asked me if I had ever had a blowjob. I admitted I hadn't, and she and Joan laughed, saying that they would soon fix that!

Karen stood up, still wearing her panties at mid-thigh, and said that Joan and I were the losers, so we had to do what she said. She told Joan to lie spread-eagled on the rug. Then Karen had me kneel between Joan's legs with my face almost touching her crotch. My erection began to bounce up and down with my heartbeat as I stared at her labia which were slowly opening as she watched me stare at them. She flexed her hips forward and back, exposing herself even more. Karen told me to kiss Joan's clitoris, and I said I had never done that before. But Karen ordered me to try, so I moved closer but I couldn't see it. So I kissed in approximately the correct place, and it quickly popped out, very long and red. I sucked and licked on it for a few seconds and Joan suddenly clamped her thighs around my head and screamed. She rammed her pussy against my face as she had an intense orgasm which I could feel against my face.

Karen told me to help her out of her panties. As I reached for them, she stopped me and told me to do it with my tongue. So I stuck my tongue out and poked it into her damp pubic hair and down between her thighs to the panties. After some difficulty I managed to get them down. Karen was breathing very hard and she was rubbing her own breasts. She stood over me, spread her legs wide apart, and told me to put my tongue inside her, and I did. She began to grind her hips against my face as I knelt on the floor in front of her. After a couple of minutes she began to climax, and she let out a series of loud grunts, then collapsed on top of me. I caught her and we ended up on the floor, with me almost lying down and with Karen straddling my lap. My erect penis was trapped under her bottom, sticking down toward my feet.

Karen kissed me, and Joan came over and began to suck on the tip of my penis under Karen's ass. Karen tasted like beer. I kissed and rubbed her wonderful breasts. I felt myself getting ready to ejaculate, and Karen knew this. She had Joan stop sucking on my penis, and said, "I won so I get first fuck!" With that she rose up, grabbed my penis, positioned it against her labia, then sat down. I was immediately jammed completely into her and I almost creamed her cunt. She sat motionless on me until I began to calm down, then she began to rock and roll on my pole. Each time I got close to climax, she would stop and let me relax. Karen was getting hot, too, but she knew how to be in charge. After several minutes my balls began to ache, but I was loving everything. Then Joan moved around Karen and sat on my face. Karen grabbed Joan's breasts, I grabbed Karen's breasts, and Karen bounced and twisted on my penis while I stuck my tongue into Joan. Karen climaxed first, and this time she yelled. I immediately shot my wad a couple of times into her, and a few seconds later Joan screamed and almost suffocated me as she pushed against my face. I rubbed both girls' breasts, and Karen suddenly climaxed again, also with a yell, as I pinched her nipples. Her twat was hot and wet around me, and my penis stayed erect inside her. Joan got off me, but Karen just sat there, clamping down and releasing my captured penis.

Finally she rolled off me and told Joan to clean my penis. Joan started to get a towel, but Karen reminded her that she had lost the game, and told her to do it with her tongue. Obviously Joan had never sucked another woman's juice off of a penis before, but she was still drunk enough that she would try anything. She lapped up huge wads of my cum and Karen's juices, and then moved up and drooled them into my mouth. Karen applauded and Joan tongue-kissed me. Karen's juice tasted almost the same as before, but it was spiced with my cum. As Joan continued to lick and suck my penis, Karen reached around Joan and rubbed her breasts. I could see Joan getting excited again, and my penis got fully erect.

Karen tried to tell us what to do, but I told her the game was over and I was going to fuck Joan. I pulled a couple of cushions off the sofa, spread Joan on them, and got between her legs. I had figured out from my sex with Carol that taking plenty of time was what made it so good for women, so I just leaned down and kissed her lips, face, neck, and breasts. She grabbed my penis and tried to put it into her. I kept myself just far enough from her that only the head would go in. Joan began to moan, and she begged me to fuck her. I reached down to my penis, pushed her hand away, and began to move its tip up and down her slit, each time bumping into her clitoris. Joan began to buck and jump and suddenly let out a yell. As her pussy trembled against my penis, I slowly pushed myself all of the way in. As I hit bottom, I pressed my pelvis hard against hers, pressing on her clitoris. She had another orgasm. As it subsided, I began to move in and out, twisting and turning. I changed the rhythm constantly, never letting her get used to it. I kissed and fondled her breasts. Joan began to grunt and groan again. I looked at Karen and she was rubbing her crotch with one hand and squeezing her nipples with the other. When Karen screamed with her solitary climax, I pumped faster and faster into Joan, and she raised her hips off of the cushions and yelled "Oh! Oh! Oh!" over and over. She had reached a nearly continuous orgasm, and I managed to keep her in it for a couple of minutes before I shot my wad into her. We both screamed as I did so. I rolled off Joan, and Karen moved over against me. The three of us cuddled and I kissed each of them over and over. I caressed Joan's breasts with one hand and Karen's with the other. I figured the evening was over, but I was feeling pretty good. I looked down at my flaccid penis which was shiny with Joan's pussy juice. Wow!
