 My wife and I love sex and everything to do with it. We pretty much go to most local swingers parties and have travelled interstate on numerous occasions to attend sex parties, gangbangs and doggings.

We have been in 'the scene' for a good 7 almost 8 years and its getting that Jordan, my wife, cant walk down the street without someone recognising her.

Only recently, after one of our numerous gangbang sessions, the guys were sitting around chatting (while Jordan was still being fucked/fingered of course) when one of the guys asked us if we had been to an pub (which we cant name) that had women on stage dancing and putting on a sex show. This included sticking dildos on stage and sitting on them to music. They also would get guys from the audience to lay on stage while they slid their naked cunts over their faces.

Jordan and I were both interested, but especially Jordan, so we found out when the next show was.

The 8 guys at the gangbang asked if we would definitely show up to which Jordan replied "yes it sounds like fun."

The guys were all pretty excited and said they would show up as well.

Two weeks later we drove out to this rather large hotel situated on a road crossing on the way out of town. Some readers may know this location.

Jordan was dressed in one of her favorite short black off the shoulder rara dresses shes worn to many gangbangs as its easy to slip out of or fuck in. She wanted cock that night!

On the way to the pub, I was getting my cock sucked at every red light stop plus I was fingering Jordan's already wet and dripping pussy. 

This is how Jordan is 24/7. Wet and horny. If shes not getting cock shes got numerous toys she either plays with or leaves inserted during part of the day. She loves inserting Ben Wa balls while shes at work. Sometimes people ask "can you hear that noise?" when Jordan is walking around. She reckons that turns her on more that she might get caught out one day.

So we arrive at this hotel at Friday early evening and there are a lot of vehicles and trucks already parked in the car park.

We get out the car and Jordan's dress is already wet and sticking to her arse. She pulls the dress away from her arse and asks me if its very noticeable. I replied "yes a bit. It might dry out a bit." It was till summer so a fairly warm Aussie night.

We get inside the pub and its pretty packed with mainly men. There's a few females in the audience, but most women there were either bar staff or the girls putting on the show.

We made our way to the bar. It was pretty noisy with the music going and the guys cheering on a young lad on stage getting a lap-dance with a pretty hot stripper.

Jordan bends over to ask for a drink and every one got a great view of her naked arse and her lasered and pierced bald cunt. It was easy to see how wet she was. As soon as she stopped leaning on the bar and turned around, guys were chatting to her and asking if she was part of the show. Jordan replied "I'm the after show entertainment."

They said "well, I'm sticking around for that!"

Jordan is around 5'6" size 10, natural tits, brown eyes and long dyed blonde hair. She gets a lot of attention.

As we were watching the show Jordan was gyrating and dancing. Guys standing behind her were pushing their cocks up against her. Of course Jordan pushed back. One of the guys started to finger her and looked over at me as if tho say is this OK?" I leaned over and said "mate you can do anything you want to her." He asked "what for free?" I nodded.

Jordan bent over and pushed up hard against this strangers fingers. He said "fuck this." and pulled out his hard cock and slid it into Jordan's dripping, gaping, hungry cunt.

This created a lot of interest where we were standing. Next thing the 8 guys from the gangbang were around us.

"Told you we would...Oh wow shes into it already? Didn't wait for us?"

Next thing this stranger blows his load inside Jordan, wipes his cock on Jordan's dress and walks up to the bar for a drink.

Jordan stands up and looks around and asks "who's next?"

The guys all collectively look around and one guy decides to be romantic and tongue kisses Jordan. Other guys grab at her tits and finger her cunt. A couple hang their cocks out and try and get the guy to stop kissing her.

Jordan looks around and stops kissing the guy. "I prefer cock, sorry," bends over and starts sucking cocks. One of the guys slips his cock in and blows after 3 pumps. He also wipes his cock on Jordan's dress and goes to the bar. Must be what they do here!

Just as the third guy slips his cock in, a security guard comes over to see whats going on.

I said, "its ok mate, just and extra part of the show."

He replied "I didn't know there was live sex, just the stage show. I better check." He then walks away. The third guys slips back into Jordan and blows his load after 5 pumps. These guys are a bit premature! And-yes, wipe the cock on the dress thing.

Security returns and said we were 'distracting from the show' and would need to leave or stop. One of the gangbang guys asks "want to go into the car park?"

Jordan replies with "I just need to be fucked more and harder." 

We walk outside with at least half the hotel patrons with us. We get to the rear car park and Jordan bends over and shouts out "fuck me! Rape me! Use me!" Then its on!

Guy after guy either blew in Jordan's mouth or in her gaping and swollen cunt. Mobile phones were taking footage or flashes were going off. Guys were pulling Jordan's hair while fucking her while others were trying at the same time to grab her head while getting their cocks sucked and face fuck her.

I asked Jordan "you ok?" Jordan panted as she took a cock out of her mouth "I'm fucking loving it! Keep it coming". 

If I hadn't realised it before (which I kinda did!) It really sunk in that Jordan was 150% full blown nympho cum whore. At that moment I nearly blew my load in my pants - but didn't.

The rougher it was, the more Jordan seemed to like it. When Jordan said her back was hurting, a guy got a blanket from his car and Jordan laid on the blanket on her back. One guy with a massive cock, and covered in grease laid next to her and said "ride this slut". 

Jordan easily slid over his thick, throbbing 10"cock. A guy from behind eventually pushed his cock into Jordan's stretched dripping cunt while Mr 10"was still inside.

From that point, it was two cocks in her cunt while other guys shoved the cocks in her mouth. This went on for hours. Some went seconds, other fucked and left while more and more came from the pub, fucked her, then went back inside.

At the end of it, Jordan was spent, stretched, dripping, gaping and very, very happy. We hadn't even noticed her dress was ripped.

As she walked slowly back to the car and I got the towel out of the back for her to sit on (leather seats, please) Jordan asked me "did you fuck me?"

"Yeah twice hun. Once when you were bent over and once when you were laying on a guy with his cock in you." I replied.

"Did you enjoy it?" Jordan asked half tired.

"Yes babe, especially when you have two cocks in you." I said.

"Oh I really really like that hun. We will do more of that!" Jordan said smiling.

"I think from now one hey?" I suggested.

"Mmmmmm oh yeah." Jordan said "every time, every gangbang. Oh, hey how many did I fuck? Did you count?"

"Over 100 hun." I guessed. "Probably closer to 120. Hard to say"

"Yay!" Jordan said with her thumbs up. "I broke my record!"

We drove home with Jordan falling asleep almost immediately and the car smelling like an orgy.