 In a hotel somewhere...

It's summer, late afternoon on a gorgeous warm summer's day and my girl and I have been out since just after breakfast walking the countryside, enjoying it, working up quite a sweat in the process despite being dressed for the occasion in loose-fitting clothes. We haven't long been back in our suite and I've taken a brief moment to wash my hands and face. With that done, I walk into the bedroom to find her already naked on the bed, lying outside the sheets in a three-quarter prone position, one leg straight out behind her and the other with her knee drawn up to below one ample breast. Her clothes from the day are in a pile on the floor, obviously having been removed in a hurry. I can see that she's half asleep but take her being already nude as a sign that she's horny. I can already smell the faint aroma of her musk on the warm, still air inside the room and feel my cock twitch involuntarily in my shorts as a result. I move over to the bed and sit down next to her, trailing my fingers up the tender flesh of the insides of her legs, waking her gently.

I see her stir under my touch, a faint ecstatic moan escaping her lips and my cock starts to get harder, causing the fabric at the crotch of my shorts to bulge lewdly as it's pressed on from the inside. The wonderful aroma of her sweat and her arousal is heavy in the air, stirring my cock even further towards erection.

She opens her eyes fully and looks at me, smiling her gorgeous smile, enticing me with her eyes. Sitting up, awake again, her wonderful breasts exposed fully to my gaze, she starts to run her hands over my body upwards from my waist, pulling my t-shirt off over my head as she does so. She lean forwards to kiss me and I respond in kind, our tongues entwining in a passionate dance, probing into each other's mouth. I can feel her nipples pressing into the flesh of my torso and I put my arms around her to hug her, forcing the wonderfully pendulous globes more firmly against me as we continue our passionate kiss.

Pulling her mouth away from mine, she leans back slightly and starts to unfasten my belt and undo the button at the fly of my shorts. As she's doing it, I can't help but drink in the sight of her glorious naked form, from her full breasts, down her smooth stomach and to the flesh of her crotch between her legs, no hint of any pubic hair in evidence. I raise myself up off the bed to allow her to push my shorts down past my hips and over my thighs, freeing my semi-hard cock to the air. As soon as my clothes are off and dropped to the floor behind me, she slides her hands down my body, softly caressing the flesh of my torso before ducking her head low to take my half-erect cock into her mouth. I moan in pleasure as I grow to full hardness in seconds in the warm embrace of her mouth, her tongue darting around the sides of my fleshy, swollen head and probing into the slit at the end. I can feel her saliva running down the length of my veiny shaft and dripping onto my arousal-tightened, smoothly shaven balls. Her hands go to my arse cheeks, one on each and I feel her grasp hold of the fleshy orbs to pull my hips closer to her face, forcing my cock into her throat while she continues to suck. I moan in ecstasy as I fill her mouth with my meat, her bottom lip now gently nudging against the top of my balls beneath my shaft.

I feel her release my arse from her grip and wetly slide her mouth off my engorged cock, a strand of saliva linking the fleshy head with her lips for a brief second before snapping and trailing along the underside of my erect member. Sitting up straight on her haunches once again, she tells me to turn around and lie on my back on the bed with my legs over the edge, feet on the floor. I do as she tells me, my hard on swaying with my movements and pointing lewdly towards the ceiling as I lie back. As I'm moving so is she, sliding off the bed to make her way in between my legs, taking up position kneeling on the floor between my spread thighs.

No sooner have I lay down flat and she's got into position do I sense her grasping hold of my cock in both of her hands and ducking her head forwards once again before then feeling her resume what she was doing before, agonisingly, deliciously slowly. She teases the tip of my swollen cock head with her tongue, tasting the salty sweetness of my pre-cum now beading from the little slit at its centre. Her lips join in the action, encircling my glans so the hot wet confines of her mouth are once again engulfing just the head of my erect cock. It's not long until I feel her plunging me deep into her throat, causing me to buck my hips involuntarily and tense my stomach and groan in satisfaction as I hear her gag herself on my stiff shaft. Her saliva is flowing freely from the corners of her wide-open mouth once again to make the whole length of my cock and my hairless balls slick with spit, her hands now on the front of my hips either side of my erection. She feels me quivering under her touch as she moves her mouth along my cock with slow, long gentle strokes, her tongue still working the tip of my swollen purple head.

Reaching one hand downwards from my hip, I feel her cradle my balls, her mouth still working on my cock. Knowing that it's what I want, I feel her circling a single spit-moistened finger down around the flesh beneath my balls, getting tantalisingly closer to my waiting pink anus.

"Oh fuck," she hears me whisper breathlessly from somewhere above her. "That's so hot. Keep going..."

She starts to run the tip of her spit-slick middle digit in ever-decreasing circles around the area of my winking arsehole, making me writhe beneath her and spread my legs further to grant her better access. She's slowed right down the movements of her mouth on my hard shaft, concentrating on getting her finger closer and closer to where she knows I want it to go. Finally it meets its target, her fingertip nudging against the soft resistance of my ring. I moan in pleasure and anticipation as I feel her finger being made into a point and then groan again more loudly as she slips the tip easily inside me. She pulls her finger away from my body, her digit slipping out of my arse again before immediately pushing forwards to pierce past the softened muscle, more deeply than before this time. I groan again, loving the exquisite feeling of her mouth around the top of my hard cock and her finger probing into my anal opening. I can feel my balls tightening further in anticipation, can feel my orgasm threatening already... The pleasure is exquisite.

I'm just about to draw my legs up to rest my feet on the surface of the bed just below the level of my hips to grant her full access to my eager ring, when suddenly I feel her stop what she's doing, allowing my cock to slide wetly from her mouth and pulling her finger from my arsehole at the same time.

I look down along the length of my body to her, her face slick with her own saliva. I know I must have a look of desperate eagerness etched on my own features because she smiles devilishly at me as if to say "not yet..."

She tells me "Stand up," and I obey, raising myself up to stand weakly next to the bed, my spit-slick cock bobbing gently in time to my arousal-quickened pulse.

I watch as she too stands up and then move past me, her breasts brushing my arm tantalisingly, to take up position on the bed and slide herself further back along its surface away from the edge. Drawing her knees up and placing her feet on the bed, as I had intended to do myself moments before while she was sucking me and fingering my arse, I get the first proper glimpse of her beautiful perfect pussy, hairless and glistening with her slick juices, the promise of the pucker of her tight pink anal ring below her moist vaginal opening. As I'm taking in the deliciously lewd sight of her spreading herself on the bed, I hear her telling me, "Kneel between my legs. I want you with your arse in the air while you lick me..."

I willingly do as she commands, climbing onto the surface of the bed to kneel between her legs. I can smell her musk more clearly once again, the heady aroma of her juices and her day-old sweat cloying deliciously in my nostrils. God, I want to taste her. Sliding my hands along her parted inner thighs as I move, sending little shivers through her, I lean forwards at the waist as she told me to do, my arse cheeks spreading behind me and my still-raging hard on nudging into my belly button. Her scent is full in my nostrils now as I duck my head to bring her smooth, completely hairless little pussy to within mere millimetres of my face. I breathe deeply, relishing the strong scent of girl-sweat.

I feel the palms of her hands, her fingers spread, go to the back of my head, pushing it downwards, persuading me non-to-gently to bring my face right into her pussy. I obey, wanting more than anything to taste her most intimate area. My mouth comes open, she can feel my breath hot against her juice-sodden labia before I extend my tongue and lap once at her engorged clit, teasing it briefly. I hear her groan in pleasure and sense her head collapse back onto the bed in ecstasy. I start to lick along the entire length of her lips with my long gentle strokes. Her hands, still on the back of my head, press my face harder into her delicious smooth pussy flesh, the underside of my nose brushing against her pubis, completely devoid of all hair. I know what she wants. I start to suck on her little clit, eliciting yet another excited groan to escape her lips. Her hands press even more firmly on the back of my head.

"I want something inside me..." I hear her breathe.

Again I obey, wanting only to pleasure her, the excitement of submitting to her demands coupled with the heady, earthy aroma and taste of her crotch causing yet more pre-cum to bead from the head of my rock hard cock to be deposited on my stomach, against which it's still pressed. I slide a single finger into her, palm upwards, feeling how soaking wet she is with her own juices. Her eager quim easily swallows up my probing index finger, so I add my middle finger inside her as well, once more making her moan as they both slide fully home. I start to tease her g-spot while I continue sucking on the swollen bud of her clit.

Still with my two longest fingers buried to the hilt inside her sweet pussy and my mouth on her clit, I dip the little finger of my same hand downwards between the cleft of her arse cheeks, searching for her spit- and juice-moistened anal hole. I find the tight, glistening treat and start to move the tip of my digit in circles, mimicking what she had been doing to me minutes before.

I'm just getting into my stride, my mouth on her clit, my fingers buried in her pussy and a third about to probe into her loosening arsehole when I sense her move her head off the bed to look down at me. I don't stop what I'm doing as I hear her say, "You've been such a good boy. I've got a surprise for you..."

I'm about to lift my mouth from her delicious pussy to ask her what my surprise is when suddenly I feel another pair of hands on my back. I startle, not expecting it, as someone else's skin starts to caress me and I make as if to turn around to see what's going on, to see who it is that's touching me. Her hands hold me in place though and I hear her telling me, "No, don't stop. Keep doing what you're doing. I know you want this. Let him touch you..."

Him?

Oh, Jesus.

Him?!

It's happening.

Oh fuck.

I do want it; we've talked about it. I feel like I shouldn't want it...

But her hands pressing my face into her glorious quim and the sensation of another pair of hands stroking my back, tracing the taught muscles and the filthy anticipation of what might happen has me throw caution to the wind.

I resolve to let it happen. To enjoy it. To allow her to live out her ultimate fantasy, which I know this is; I want to please her.

I redouble my efforts on her parted quim, now sodden with my saliva as well as her own sweet juices. My fingers increase in pace inside her pussy and I slide the tip of my little finger into her arsehole as well, filling her in both of her most intimate holes.

I can feel our new partner kissing my shoulders, his body bent over the top of mine. I can feel something hard and fleshy nudging against the back of one of my thighs and know instinctively that it must be his erect cock. He moves away from me briefly, his mouth coming away from the flesh of my back and I can sense him settling into position between my parted thighs as I continue to suckle on her engorged clit.

I feel a liquid, cold and slimy, dribbling down the very top of my arse crack, wetly tracing downwards towards the pink pucker of my anus. I feel the stranger's fingers following the liquid and I realise that it's lube. His fingertips, two of them I think, start to move in circles around my arsehole, simultaneously working the lube all around the tight knot of my opening and helping to release some of that tension, to loosen me up.

I'm obviously getting distracted and not paying her pussy as much attention as I should be because I feel her pressing once again at the back of my head to push my face into her sweaty, hairless crotch. My God, I love the taste of her.

Behind me, my arse clearly slackened off sufficiently, I feel one of the stranger's fingertips being made to go rigid. Probing now, he slowly starts to slide one finger into me, plunging just the tip past the knotted ring of my sphincter and pressing up into my anus. I feel ashamed; it feels so good, though, being fingered in the arse by another man as I pleasure my girl with my tongue and fingers. She can feel my own pleasure increasing as he slides yet another knuckles-worth of probing digit into me, because I moan and start sucking her clit even harder, coupling it with more and more rapid flicks of my tongue over the tip of the bud as I do.

He slides yet more of his finger into me and I realise that it's now buried inside me fully, as my little finger now is in her arsehole, when I feel the back of his hand colliding with the inwards swell of my spread butt cheeks. He starts working his finger in me in a rhythm, slow and steady at first but getting progressively faster, in and out, in and out, fucking my slackening sphincter deliciously. Through my own grunts of strained ecstasy, my tongue gets faster on her clit and even through my own ecstatic delirium, I hear her moan in pleasure.

His single finger now slipping easily in and out of my eager arsehole, our stranger adds a second inside me, getting me more and more excited as my anus is stretched. I can feel that I'm so hard at this new experience, being fingered while I tongue- and finger-fuck my gorgeous girl spread beneath me...

Hard...

Of course...

I realise with a start that I haven't yet seen the cock that is inevitably going to end up inside me. I felt it against my leg, but that didn't give me an idea of size, only hardness...

Lifting my face from the delicious taste of her pussy only briefly, I stare underneath myself along the length of my own body, past my own hugely swollen erection and tightened balls to peer at the thighs and crotch of the man knelt on the bed behind me, whose concentration is locked on filling my arse with his fingers. I'm pleased to see that his cock is practically the mirror of my own, ample in its seven-inch length, girthy enough, I guess, to fill me comfortably and standing as erect as mine too, the shaft jutting from a similarly close-cropped thatch of pubic hair to my own.

I feel another wave of mild shame as I realise I want it inside me. I want him inside me...

I only have the briefest of moments to take in the sight of his cock before her hands go to the back of my head to pull my face once more into her hairless crotch. I don't complain. I love the taste still, love that I can feel her bucking and writhing beneath my touch as I tongue her and finger both of her tight, glistening holes.

I feel the stranger's fingers withdraw from my arse with an audibly-imperceptible wet popping sensation, to be replaced with something new. I realise immediately the familiar feeling, that he's sliding a butt plug into my lubed-up, widened anus. I moan as it first penetrates my ring, the first few inches of progressively-large rubber toy sliding easily into me before meeting stiffer resistance as the girth starts to outweigh that of the two fingers that were just inside me moments ago. I concentrate on relaxing, closing my eyes to help and can feel my sphincter stretching deliciously to a new width, feeling suddenly like it might be too much, that it's going to keep going, that my arse is going to tear... and then the delightful pleasure as the toy suddenly pops fully home into me, my sphincter tightening around the narrower neck of the anal intruder. I moan in uncontrollable pleasure as my arse is filled so deliciously and redouble my efforts on her clit, my tongue now just a wet blur on the engorged bud inside my mouth, my chin pressed against her soaking, finger-filled cavity and my smallest digit still buried inside her arse.

Feeling further movement on the surface of the bed behind me, the mattress depressions changing noticeably between my legs, I realise that he's moving himself into position so that his mouth is below my shaven crotch. And then he's between my legs. And then he's sucking me...

I moan in ecstasy into her pussy again and I feel the walls of my arsehole tighten involuntarily against the invading rubber toy stuffed in there as his mouth engulfs my swollen prick. I know full well that he's warming me up for his cock to be inside me but I no longer care or feel any shame at the thought, because I've got my girl writhing in her own pleasure beneath the feeling of my tongue and the intrusion of my touch.

He stops sucking me as abruptly as he started. I think he knows how close to cumming I am. Spinning himself around so that he's back behind me, he rises up onto his knees once again to take his position between my well-spread thighs. I feel his hands go to the wide, flat base of the butt plug still stuffed inside me, keeping my anus gaped suitably and he starts to tug and pull at it with gentle in-and-out fucking motions, teasing the widest part of the toy against the tight ring at the entrance to my arsehole from within.

She feels me whimper as the butt plug finally pops past my slackened knot of muscle and I involuntarily pull my head backwards and upwards, away from her spit-soaked quim.

I sense the butt plug being dropped to the bed beside me but pay it no heed as I feel our partner moving in closer to the curve of my buttocks. I can feel spent lube dribbling lewdly out of my well-gaped anal opening to run downwards toward the back of my balls.

I'm about to put my head back down and bring my face back to her pussy to resume licking her, but this time her hands keep my head away. I raise my chin to look at her and see her smiling wickedly at me again. Shifting her weight, she sits up in front of me, my fingers all sliding out of her as she does, before she bends forwards so that her mouth is close to my ear and whispers to me, "I want to watch as he enters you..."

Oh my God.

That's so hot.

I can't help myself but think it; she wants to watch as I get fucked.

He's ready, in position behind me.

She watches from her vantage point of being up on her knees by my head, looking along the length of my back, her glorious pussy, still magnificent in its aroma of arousal and musky sweat hovering scant inches above me. I rest my head down onto the bed beneath me, dip my lower back downwards to raise my hips and, more importantly for what's about to happen, present my arsehole to the stranger between my thighs.

Fuck, I want it.

I feel more lube being spread onto me with his probing fingers, one of them slipping easily into the mush of my warmed-up anal tunnel. Smearing more lube onto his own cock as well, he takes hold of himself in one hand and one of my hips in his other before pressing the tip of his cock to my expectant arsehole.
