 My wife was raised Mormon. When we married, she knew that I was not going to convert. For a couple years the missionaries would stop by and check on us. They always came at the most inopportune moments possible and we would just brush them off. That was 10 years ago. 

In the last few years as we found our way back to being a romantic couple after two kids back to back, we really began talking about our fantasies. We have dabbled in bondage, slight BDSM and even some pee play. We have fulfilled most of them, except one. Well I guess I should say up until this moment except one. 

In the past it had always been the brother missionaries that had come over. One day though we saw the sister missionaries going down our street. Let me just say, they were gorgeous, and the wife thought so too. I had commented to my wife that they were a rare pair of missionaries. My wife agreed.

Little did I know that the conversation we had, got the gears turning in my wife's head. That having been said on Thursday evening my wife commented to me that we were going to have guest for dinner and to make sure I had a nice outfit on. Puzzled, I went to my room to get dressed. I had noticed that my wife was wearing a dress and had her hair fixed. I opted for a nice pair of jeans and my off-white linen quarter button shirt. When I wear this shirt, I don't button the top three buttons. 

I guess at this point I should describe my wife and myself. My wife is 5'4" and the right kind of curvy. She is built like Beyoncé, with modest breast, a nice waist despite having two kids, an amazing set of hips and a beautiful ass. She has shoulder length curly brown hair and brown eyes that light up with mischief. As for me, I am 6 feet and have a slight dad bod. Not terrible but not in the shape I used to be in. I have blue eyes and mousy hair. As far as the special package goes, it is nothing special, a bit over average sized and my wife has never complained. 

So that night when the knock on the door came, you can imagine my surprise when the two gorgeous sister missionaries walked in. They were dresses in the normal fashion, modest dress that covered any skin, hair done and the smile that they must train in the missionary training center. Sister Lucia as her nametag said was about 5'7" slender, athletic build. If I had to say, she had a large B or small C cup chest. Her chestnut hair was pulled back in the front, but hung freely at her shoulders, falling just below her shoulders. Her olive skin tone and overall face structure gave her a look similar to Jordana Brewster. She had what appeared to be a nice taught abdomen with just the slightest flare at the hips and a small bubble butt that looked like you could bounce a quarter off of it. 

Her deep brown eyes had the look of adventure in them. Sister Julie looked like she had stepped right out of southern California to do her mission. She was 5'6" also slender and with what can be described as a swimmer or surfer build. She was toned, but had noticeable hips and a thick bottom that looked firm. Her upper body was toned with long lean muscles. Her golden, sun bleached hair was pulled back into a modest pony tail. She had the cutest emerald green eyes that twinkled with mischief. Her breast was smaller than Lucia's but nice! They were invited in and my wife took them into the living room to talk to them. I was headed back to the kitchen as I was cooking. One of my passions is cooking. 

From the kitchen I could hear the sister missionaries laughing and talking with my wife. They swooned over our daughters and made a huge deal over them. From the sound of their voices, I guessed Sister Lucia was from somewhere in South America. As for Sister Julie, I could not place her accent but thought it still sounded west coast. Regardless, this did not sound like the normal meeting with the missionaries and I could not place what was different except it did not sound like they had talked over anything having to do with the church. I called for dinner and everyone gathered around our dining room table. As the man of the house, I offered the blessing for the food and we sat down to dinner. The conversation was fun and light hearted. None of it had to do with the church. We learned that Sister Lucia was in fact from Argentina. It turns out that Sister Julie was actually from the Lake Tahoe area. She enjoyed snowboarding and spending time on the lake before her mission. She was about to turn 21 as it was the end of her mission. Sister Lucia was 20 and was about half way through her mission. She was into dance and horseback riding back in Argentina. 

When dinner was finished, we adjourned to the living room of our house. It is then that Chloe told me that she had told the girls that we were not looking for leadership or a lesson, but a chance to invite the sisters over for a relaxed night of dinner. As we sat down, our kids went to their room to play. The sisters were fascinated that we had such a successful marriage despite me not being LDS and us not having been sealed in the temple. I threw the fishing line out there to see where these two ladies fell and said well, I guess you could say in the words of Tim McGraw, "I may be a real bad boy, but baby I'm a real good man!" The girls both giggled and I caught Sister Lucia glancing at my exposed chest. If I was correct her breath hitched a little. Sister Julie's mischievous eyes were definitely locked on my eyes. I was not sure where this would end, but I was sure having fun! 

The sister's left when it was time to go, but they hugged us both. Feeling those taught young bodies pressed against mine made me hard. Sister Julie gave me the hug first and I thought I could smell a slight smell of excitement. When Sister Lucia came over though, I could definitely smell her excitement. As my cock had fully hardened, I pressed a bit harder into Sister Lucia and I definitely heard her breath hitch in my ear as my bulge rubbed up against her lower abdomen. As our hug broke, she bit her bottom lip. It was almost imperceptible, but I caught it. As I watched out the door, my wife came up and grabbed my dick. 

"Someone is quite excited!" She said.

I put my hand to her pussy, feeling her warmth and could smell her excitement. I reached up her dress, finding a surprise. My wife had no panties on, so I slid my finger up my wife's slit making her shiver. When I pulled my finger away, I went to put it in my mouth, but my wife stopped me and took my finger in her own mouth sucking her wetness from my finger. It was my turn to shiver, and I said, "indeed, it seems so is someone else!"

We got the kids to bed a bit later and I found my wife walking around in a sheer dress. I took her into our bedroom and laid her down. I held her hands above her head and began rubbing my cock against her slit. I could feel the heat and the wetness coming from her pussy. It was at this point that I moved my way down her body and I ate her pussy until she was dripping. She was begging for my cock! I moved back up her body and began to fuck the entrance to her pussy. I began to move in and out of the entrance in a fast nature and then when she did not expect it, I buried my cock in her pussy. She had her butt up on a pillow and when I drove all the way in, I could feel the tip of my cock playing with her cervix, which always drives my wife wild! As I continued to fuck her, she came on my cock. We fucked for a few more minutes and then I blew my load right in her pussy.

Thursday night was still rolling through my head, I had to work throughout the weekend and work nights, so we had not had any other chance to fuck. I was sitting at my computer on Monday morning after my long weekend at work. I was watching some porn and lightly playing with myself. The problem is, I was distracted by the interactions from Thursday night. First going back to the missionaries and how they were both turned on. Then my wife how she had sucked her own pussy juice from my finger. There was no one home and I had found a couple pornstar's that looked like the missionaries, so I had the volume up and was stroking my cock. You can imagine my surprise when I heard the knock on the door. I should explain, my computer is about 5 feet from the front door.

I quickly turn my volume down, pause the video and minimized the window. I looked out the window and it was the sister missionaries. I could swear that they had slightly flushed cheeks. How long had they been at the door and what had they heard? I was about to walk away from the door, when Sister Lucia turned her head and with a gleam in her eye she waved. I looked down at my shorts and my cock was standing straight out and throbbing in my shorts. I had to open the door though and so I did. As I did, I noticed that both Sister Lucia and Sister Julie both looked down at my hard on. There was a blush at this point. I warned the sister's that I was home alone, but invited them in. They looked at each other and stepped in. 

Once inside, Sister Lucia began the conversation with, "Sister Chloe asked us to stop by. She said to come on around at about noon."

I replied, "Did she? Did she say anything else?"

The Sister's looked at each other shyly and Sister Julie replied, "Well, she said she wanted to have some fun. She wanted us to come over and..."

She trailed off and Sister Lucia picked up, "She told us that we should come over and. Well. Entertain you until she got home."

I responded with surprise, "Entertain me?"

They both nodded and almost in unison asked, "What were you watching?'

I took them over to the computer and pulled up the minimized browser. I watched in awe as they realized that the scene, I was watching had two girls and one guy and that the girls looked similar to them. I could once again smell both girls as they both got turned on. Today they were in jeans and tee shirts instead of their normal dress clothes. I'm not sure what they had said they were going to do to come by and have such freedom. As the smell of their excitement got stronger, both Sister Lucia and Sister Julie were breathing heavier. The scene had gotten to the part where the three actors had been fucking and now the male had pulled out and was taking turns eating both females. The two females were chest to chest and were kissing. My cock was standing straight out in my shorts and was pulsing with my heartbeat. I was also soaking my shorts with precum. Sister Julie without any warning grabbed my cock and started stroking it. She exhaled deeply and moaned. Sister Lucia looked down and saw what was happening and joined in. I reached up and rubbed my hand through both of their heads of hair. I gently pulled their faces toward mine and gave each a passionate kiss on the lips. I followed through by moving them to each other and they began to kiss as they stroked my cock. I grabbed my phone and took a picture and sent it to my wife. I then moved them to our bedroom.

In the bedroom we all got naked. The tease was incredible as they removed their shirts and jeans and I was looking at them in underwear and garments. They took their bra and panties off and then slid out of their garments. Needless to say, I was drooling by the time I got to see their nude bodies. Sister Julie had strawberry colored nipples and as I glanced at her pussy, she had trimmed hair and was shaved clean at the bikini area. I could make out the same strawberry colored skin of her inner pussy lips that were poking out from her outer lips ever so slightly from her spread legs. When I glanced at Sister Lucia, she had light brown nipples slightly darker than her natural complexion. As I looked down her body, I saw that she was clean shaven, and her inner lips naturally protruded slightly from her outer lips. She spread her legs and I had a beautiful view of her full pussy. 

Both sisters were noticeably dripping wet. They began to kiss but left their pussies exposed for me. I slowly worked my way up Sister Lucia's legs and up to her pussy. I was instantly intoxicated by her scent. I began to lick the crease of her leg, working my tongue around her entire mound. When I got to the other side of her pussy, I ever so slightly bit her outer labia. Sister Lucia pushed her pussy up toward my face and I slid my tongue into the folds of her pussy. As I slid my tongue between her lips, she shivered a bit and I ran my tongue from her taint to her clit. I took her clit into my mouth and began to suck on it. As I did this, I ran my hand up Sister Julie's leg and ran my finger up her slit. I began to rub either side of her clit and felt her push against my hand, grinding her clit against it. After Sister Lucia had an orgasm, I switched and began to eat out Sister Julie. Sister Lucia reached over and began sucking on Sister Julie's tits. 

I heard my phone ding and used my free hand to check the message. It was my wife and she had commented with and mmmmmhmmmm.

I took another photo, now of our naked bodies and my mouth buried in Sister Julie's pussy. I quickly sent it to my wife.

The photo I got back was my wife in the bathroom at work rubbing her pussy. The next one was her with two of her fingers buried in her pussy. Finally, the last was one of her sucking pussy juices from her fingers. 

Sister Julie had her orgasm and I left the two of them laying in my bed resting. They stayed naked and rested. Chloe got home and asked, "Did you have fun?"

"Oh my God, you have no idea! Those girls taste amazing and they are raring to go!" 

My wife stripped in the living room and we both entered the bedroom. The sisters were both entwined in a kiss and were tribbing. At the sight of the two girls fucking each other, my wife and I decided to begin fucking. I bent her over the bed and entered her from behind. The sisters heard us and began watching as they fucked each other. They both had another orgasm and broke from each other, at which point I decided to pull out of my wife. I stood up on the bed and stood in front of Sister Lucia. My cock was in her face and she took it into her mouth. She moaned as she tasted my wife's pussy on my dick. She took my cock all the way back to her throat. As I suspected, she was not completely new to sex. Sister Julie had her face under my wife's pussy and was eating away. I laid Sister Lucia down and began to fuck her pussy. It did not take long for her pussy to start spasming around my cock. She squirted slightly and thought she had pissed. I reassured her that she had not and that it was normal. I pulled out of Sister Lucia's pussy and entered Sister Julie's pussy. I began fucking her as she was still eating my wife out. She came quickly on my cock too and she too squirted, but she squirted a lot more and seemed to know what had happened. I pulled out and told my wife to lay down. I shoved my cock all the way into my wife, hitting her cervix. She came hard and as I pulled out and pushed in a few times, and she squirted. I pulled my cock out and shot cum on my wife's belly. I told the two sisters to clean her up. They happily obliged. 

We laid together in the bed for about an hour, just a tangled-up ball of humans. The sisters at the end of that hour let us know that they had to go. They had already been gone for a long time and they did not want people to get too suspicious. Watching them slip back into their Garments and step back into the role of missionary was somehow even more erotic at this point. The fact that it was a dirty little secret between the four of us made it that much more exciting! As they dressed, my wife said something that I never thought I would hear. 

"You guys are welcome anytime to visit or to fuck. We will make sure that it is an open relationship and any one of us can fuck the other, or we can all fuck each other. If my husband is home you can come abuse his cock and if it is just me, I wouldn't turn down some loving from one or both of you!"

I added, "Besides, I did not get to do missionary with a missionary tonight!"

I also decided that I would need to get a small discreet camera that records to a hard drive for my room. I was not planning to miss any of the upcoming action. 

We each kissed the girl's goodbye and wished them a goodnight! This time I knew I smelled the excitement and saw the twinkle in their eyes as we embraced and they both felt my cock pressed into them!