 It had taken me a while to get up the courage to meet my online partner. We had exchanged suggestive and teasing emails and exchanged stories of conquests and fantasies for a while, and more recently had met for "cyber sex" on more than one occasion and both have enormous appetites for sex in many different shapes, forms and positions with members of the opposite as well as the same sex. I had just spent the weekend before with my girlfriend, so this felt kind of strange. He was a lot more experienced than me with the same sex, the kind of guy to go out and hit the right kind of clubs when he wanted some flesh. I had nowhere near that kind of confidence, not even with the opposite sex. The irony being that regardless of whether I have a guy or a girl who has the same thing in mind as the clothes start to come off, I'm a sexual Tyrannosaurus! Forget once not being enough, I'll go 3, 4 times a night (not including the morning) and will not stop at anything to whip my partner into a frenzy. 

A streaming wet pussy is an absolutely wonderful feeling, whether its wrapped around my cock with its owner moaning and sighing or dripping into my face and coating my tongue and lips with its wonderful sticky stuff as the very same girl writhes and squeals. In fact, its the only thing I like more than having a lovely big cock in my mouth, feeling it stiffen up as I lick and suck it, or even better, the taste and indescribably fantastic sensation of bringing that big cock off and hearing its owner groan with pleasure as his body shudders and he lets off his climax, soft and thick and sticky into my mouth. Almost as satisfying as blasting off a stream of white water myself, she or he clamping down their lips and letting it flow into their hard-working mouth, or releasing my rod and letting me beat off over their face to give them a real and well earned pearly-white smile.

In short, the only thing I enjoy more than climaxing myself is feeling another climax at the attention of the skills I've picked up through experience, pornography, fantasy and conversation with the like minded. And I always love to try something new, with girl or boy!

In the case of meeting my online partner, not a million miles away from me in London down on the coast in Southampton, it was both old and new. I hadn't had any bisexual action for over 6 months and I was getting unsatisfied just going with girls. My current girlfriend hadn't any idea that I was bi' and I knew she would never accept it or take part in any fantasy I had. In fact I had a great deal of contempt for her lack of adventurousness, she felt uncomfortable doing anything other than plain old missionary position (although admittedly she was a very satisfying screw in this limited way) and would never let me climax in her mouth (she freaked out the one time I came on her tits), regardless of the number of times I had drank her snatch dry! (Once again, I have to admit she tasted heavenly).

Sorry, where was I? Yes, old and new. My online friend and I were going to get together for some lovely and hopefully very tasty oral sex. He'd never sucked off an Australian before, and (although I wasn't fussy at this moment in time) I'd never had sex with a black of either sex, and I must admit, I was looking to find out whether it really is true what they say! Judging from some of the 'blacks on blondes' porn I'd found on the web I may well have been biting off more than I can chew! He wouldn't tell me how 'big' he was, teasing me every time I asked. And that would bring me on to the new. I know size isn't everything, although I have to admit, bigger ones in my experience are a lot more exciting to perform oral on; but in this case size was important. I was an anal virgin apart from playing with a few toys and being finger-fucked by some of my more kinky ex-girlfriends and had been dead-set on trying it 'up the arse' for some time (in fact since I sucked my first cock and overcame that fantasy, and cemented by my first, very brutal and very exciting finger fuck, I'd wanted to get rammed good and proper). But, being my first time for real, and him being black, I was hoping he wasn't TOO big.

We had also discussed the possibility of a 3some with his new girlfriend who knew he was bi', but he was understandably a bit unsure of the idea. They both like the look of the picture I'd sent them, but it was a barrier that some relationships might be quite happy never crossing. I was hoping she'd turn up, as the only MMF 3some I'd had was with a guy who wasn't even vaguely bi', but his girlfriend wanted to try a cock at each end. Shame, 'cos that guy had the biggest dick I've ever seen, must've been 11"... what I wouldn't have given to get my mouth around that monster and bring it off!!! 

Anyway, back to the case at hand I was slightly concerned my cohort would be hung like a grand national winner like that other guy, and not be able to take me through the anal barrier I yearned to cross. However, as eager as I was to get him to screw me (like I said he was more experienced than I, and has both been on the giving and receiving end of anal debauchery), I had to think of a way to get his blonde haired, blue eyed Swiss girlfriend along for the ride! Alas, it was for nought, he wouldn't bring her in on it ('yet' I hoped) but agreed to meet me as planned for some major sucking and fucking. He promised he wouldn't hurt me ('too much') so I figured maybe he was above average rather than huge. My anal experience was limited to the odd filthy minded ex-girlfriend or one night stand, about 3 girl's asses to my name (1 in 10! I wish that ratio was different!) and one particularly degrading anal penetration (well protected OF COURSE) of a hungry-for-it 'bottom' who offered me his ass through a 'glory hole' in the same porno store where all my oral experience comes from through said 'glory holes' while watching my choice of porn.

I'd like to add at this point that being bisexual is a fantastic sexual orientation, and any 'bi-curious' reader of this story should follow their curiosities and fantasies as and when they can, oral sex involving another penis is a lot more erotic and enjoyable (not to mention less messy and smelly) than performing cunnilingus on a girl. Your guy, too, is a lot more likely to return the favour and be happy about it, not to mention gifted - he knows what he wants and how to give it to you! Get your mouth round a cock! The worst that'll happen is you don't like it.

Same goes for all you girls who've never tried it in the ass or had a guy cum in your mouth. Give it a try, the worst, again, is you won't like it. I never knew about sucking cock 'til I tried it (loved it), and then I never knew about having a guy shoot his wad in my mouth 'til I tried it (loved it); and I didn't know then what it was like to get fucked in the ass... but I do know now (fuckin' love it!!!). Try knew things.

Sorry, there I go again. So there I was, thinking over my girlfriend situation and how it sucked, and use of that word in my mind had me on to sucking, and that had me on to how long it was since I'd had a really good blow job, and that had me on to how long it had been since I'd sucked off a nice 7" piece of clean, cut, rock-hard pre-cum seeping meat. I started to get hard, which is always embarrassing when your sitting on a train... fortunately there was no one else on the 4 seats I'd slouched on heading from London to Southampton that day or I'd have had to do some shuffling and leg crossing! Its always the same with a thought you don't want. I couldn't get the image of beating off that lovely cock into my hard working mouth... until I replaced it with the image of that last girl I'd tried to fuck in the ass... I'd already rammed her doggy style with a finger in her ass for 10 minutes, she didn't complain when I lubed her up, she didn't complain when I had her up to the 3rd knuckle, but when I pulled out of her sopping wet snatch and pushed my prick hard into her ass, she complained. I'd gotten 1" past the spincter when her squeal and suddenly frozen body clearly told me NO. Mmm... lovely and tight... 

You may have guessed, but this flashback didn't help my train journey much either! 

I arrived in Southampton and met Chrysler (I assumed that was as much his real name as mine was Duke) in the bar he'd recommended. He recognised me instantly and came to shake my hand with a warm clap on the shoulder and asked me what I was drinking. We had a drink and a bullshit together and I didn't enquire as to where the Swiss girl was or if she'd changed her mind. I told him in a low voice about the train journey and we both laughed out loud. Checking the guy out, I had no idea why he hadn't sent me a picture, he was pretty good-looking, and certainly physically confident. Back on the bi' thing, as much as I can look at a guy and think 'handsome devil' I don't usually find myself physically attracted, like I said all my oral experience with cock so far had been through those wonderfully anonymous 'glory holes' as the straight and gay porno's played for pleasure. After 3 pints plus chasers and just over an hour of bullshit Chrysler said we should go back to his place. I smiled and knocked the remnants of a JD and coke down the hatch. He told me later that while we sat silently on the bus all he was thinking about was getting his mouth round my cock. Funny, what a coincidence...

First thing we did when we got back was rush up to his upstairs flat and put on a porno. He had some great gang-bang stuff... 3 girls / 1 guy (man wouldn't you just sell your soul to get that kind of oral treatment?!?)... 5 guys / 2 girls (can't go wrong with double penetration)... 3 big black men and one tiny skinny little red-head (his 'favourite'... what a surprise! Should cocks BE that big when rammed to the hilt in the poor girls arse?) He also had a couple of gay videos with your usual above average action below average camera work and abysmal cum shots. Don't these guys give a fuck about their hard wanking audience? Anyway as my cock started to get uncomfortable, I said I'd go and take a shower and strip off. 

I took a hard crap and used a warm and soapy finger made sure my ass was good and clean (sorry thats an unpleasant fact about anal sex) and gave my cock and nuts a good clean. Just as I was wrapping a towel around myself, he came into the bathroom decked out only in lycra underwear and a big smile. 

"I'd better clean my prick off too, I fucked Rena before coming to meet you!" he smiled. 

I reached a tentative hand forward and wrapped my fingers around the soft but very visible 5" snake the lycra didn't do much to hide. He smiled those big white teeth as he twitched at the touch. All I could think of was how good his body was, he certainly worked out more religously than I did and would be the one to win the wrestling match! I'm a big guy but he was a lot more toned. And that was a really nice big willy he didn't need to be shy about in the showers at the gym! He did something I didn't expect then. He wrapped an arm around my ass, gripped a buttock and pulled me towards him and kissed me full on the mouth. I was shocked, but didn't fight and let his tongue slip into my mouth and after a moment kissed him back and I could feel blood pumping into my now half-hard prick, just as I could feel him twitch and harden slightly in my hand. Wow. I'd never kissed a guy before, I'd always listed that up there across the barrier between sexual pervert who'll try anything with actually being truly gay. I'm glad its another barrier I crossed. Turns out its just kissing someone you're about to do it with - no big deal. But at the time it was a real surprise.

He showered off as I returned to the sofa and switched the porno's over to something else. I got through one fantastic lesbian love scene, all tongues and fingers, squeals and sighs and Chrysler came in, glistening wet from the shower, naked as the day he was born, muscles taut and looking horny just as 2 latex clad lesbian dominatrix were about to go to work on a guy with a variety of plastic and metal and rubber phalluses, hand held, vibrating and strap-on. They certainly had a choice, and he didn't look or sound too happy with most of it, but couldn't shake a 7" hard-on all the same. Chrysler didn't need to tell me to shut the TV off, the tool between his legs, semi hard and somewhere between 7" and 8" told me it was time. Of course, my cock was fully erect now, all 6 1/2" of it, seeping slightly was not being hidden by the towel very well. 

We were speechless as he moved toward me and whipped away the towel to reveal my hard white member and he dropped to his knees, took a gentle hold of my nuts and took my dome-shaped head into his mouth almost in the one movement. Well I already knew he was a 'top', in bi' and gay circles the kind that likes to give rather than take, be the man rather than the woman, lead rather than be led, and had an idea on how physically and sexually confident he was from the bar. We'd met so he could taste Australian cock, and he was tasting it right now!

"Fuck!" I yelled as I threw my head back and gasped even as my hips bucked, my cock so suddenly warm. It certainly felt like he was indeed as experienced as he'd said he was all this time! As is often the case when I am highly sexed, a trifle nervous, and getting really good head from a new partner I have to restrain my excitement from cumming immediately. I could hear him grunting in the back of his throat as he sucked me hard, feel his warm fingers working my nuts, and then he was talking to me as he licked up and down my shaft.

"Mmmm... lovely Aussie cock at last... you like that? You like me sucking you off?" it was your usual pillow-talk, but I have to admit it was weird coming from a guy. "I love your cock... I want your cum."

"Ahhhhhhh... God... yea... you're so... fuckin'... good... ah shit" I just about managed back. 

Feeling his warm, rough tongue working up and down my shaft as one finger gently probed my butt and the fingers on his other hand continued massaging my nuts, passing one ball back and forth like a worry bead... then having the tongue caress and slide around the rim of my head and over the top just as the one probing finger suddenly penetrated my sphincter was an unreal couple of minutes. My whole body pulsed and once again I had to try really hard not to shoot right there, gritting teeth.

"You like this... huh? You want to cum? You going to cum for me boy? Tell me you love it..."

"Ahh... YES... Chrys' I fuckin' love it... you're fuckin' so fuckin' goooooooddd..."

Once again I bucked as his mouth enveloped my head, this time his tongue pushing down my hole, and his finger pushing hard into my virgin ass. He did something next he'd boasted he could do over the chat engine one time, something I've never experienced and that he could teach me if I wanted. He took me all the way in. Deep-throated just like a porno-star. I couldn't believe the sensation, his thick black lips were on my pubes and he was smelling the sweat on my abdomen.

"Fuck!" I yelled yet again, losing all my usual eloquence in the blinding ecstasy.

And then I began to sigh and groan and couldn't hold it back anymore. The sensations of my cock half way down his neck as those muscles there did whatever he was doing with them, combined with the finger in my ass finding my 'G' spot put a hold on all my attempts not to shoot my load. He brought me to a tremendous orgasm and I blasted a huge salty jet right down his neck into his body as my ass puckered around his finger and my whole body jerked. He gagged and pulled away as my second jet came into his mouth and all over his tongue and lips, he then took me back into that warm and willing mouth for a third jet, and then a fourth and final dribble as I gasped one last time. 

He swallowed the lot, then licked his cum-covered lips and pounced on me, thrusting his mouth upon mine and forcing his tongue into my mouth again. Ahhhh... I love the cum-kiss. Never had it from a guy before though, obviously! I kissed him back and tasted my seed with pleasure.

"You like Aussie cock?" I asked him stupidly "You like that nice Aussie cum?" Did I really say that?

"Oh, yea." he smiled at me, with a fleck of my spunk still under his nose. "Oh, yea. Thats the first time anyone's actually shot right down my throat like that! Kind of cool, but weird." He grabbed my softening dick and smiled again. "You taste nice, Duke." Then he said something which sounded as stupid as my question as he stood up in front of me. "You want to suck this big black dick?"

I could see it in all its ebony glory, now fully hard to more than 8", but not overly thick, the pink end with a little dot of pre-cum and the thick black foreskin. I took it in my hand and was impressed by the size, but not too scared. I looked forward to him lubing me up and taking me. But it was a big cock! I discovered at the age of 20 that our darker skinned cousins tasted different when I kissed my first Indian girl, and found a different taste again when I kissed my first Thai. I kissed her in lots of places. And as all cunts taste a little different, I found so do cocks. But I'd only sucked white cocks. I licked my lips and then took the big black beauty in front of me into my mouth and sucked on it softly.

It tasted wonderful and different, darker, earthier than any other cock I've had in my mouth. And the little drop of precum was familiar... all cum has the same basic taste but I've found it can be sweeter or bitter. Chrysler tasted sweet, but not sickly. In short, great! He moaned as my trained, but starved mouth went to work, sucking alternately slow and deep and then hard and with a little bit of teeth. It had been so long since I'd had cock, and what a magnificent specimen. I let him bounce free from my mouth and looked at it for nearly a minute, slowly jerking my hand up and down, watching his dark skin envelope his tender head. I smiled up at him before licking just under the base of the head and down the shaft, then back up, and teasing my tongue into his hole, picking up another tiny salty pearl.

Next I tried something I know drives me wild but I've not really had the opportunity to try on another before. I licked the base of his scrote and teased my tongue just behind it, to the magical little area between the genitals and the ass. I pushed a finger against Chrysler's asshole and then licked his scrote again, with a thick and wet tongue. Taking one of his musky dark (shaven!) nuts into my mouth I sucked on it HARD, nibbling and tongueing. I knew he liked it because he nearly doubled up he shivered so hard. Slowly beating his length, I opened my mouth as far as could get it and then fed his whole sac into my mouth with the hand I had playing with his ass. My lips closed around the thin layer of skin attaching his scrote to his crutch and I went to work as best I could on the huge obstacle in my mouth as I played his ass and slowly beat his length. MMmmmm... I know how good it feels.

"Christ! Fuck me, man! Ahhhh, God... YES!" It was his turn to be overcome, obviously.

I could tell I was sucking his balls right too, because he took over from me whacking off, his impressive length pointed to the ceiling as he went at it, with my nose right at the black base as I suckled and nibbled and licked and tickled. Mmmm, oh yea it was so nice to feel him liking it. I love having my nuts sucked on, and I know how close right now he must have been to cumming. Thats why I stopped, and pulled my finger away from his butthole, and ran my tongue up his length, placing my hand over his and slowing him down, then taking over, before licking and nibbling on his shaft again. I didn'y go for the more sensitive and tasty head because, well, it was my first blow job in a while and I was going to enjoy it! And I don't need to go on about how magnificent this big cock was. It took a minute or so for Chrysler to calm down and then I started to suck him off again. And again the pre-cum. Yummy.
