 I was so startled by the fact that Ayron was standing right there beside Sandra and I, knowing that he'd just witnessed me reaching my first orgasm with a woman.

I couldn't instantly read anything in the expression on Ayron's face, as he looked towards me for the first time. His eyes traveled down my body and as my eyes followed his I realized Sandra was still kneeling between my wide-open thighs. My reaction being slower to respond to my nakedness and the situation I found myself in, due the volume of alcohol I'd consumed and the heady experience of my first female/female orgasm.

My eyes returned to Ayron's, as I began to maneuver into a sitting position. Ayron's hand flew out quickly, as he said in a husky voice that I'd not heard in a long time, 'Case, stay where you are, please don't move….I want to savour the moment.' 

I was initially a little stunned by his comment, but didn't move. It was then that I realized that Sandra was still fondling Ayron through his jeans, massaging his swollen bulge.

My eyes couldn't pull themselves away from the sight of my husband being fondled by another woman. It wasn't jealousy I felt, but more total intrigue really. 

By this stage Sandra had a grasp on Ayron's bulging penis and was pulling him even closer to where I laid. He was standing directly above me now.

Sandra's adjusted her position and leaned forward, so her face was almost brushing the front of Ayron's jeans. I was totally mesmerized by all that was taking place right in front of my eyes.

Sandra glanced towards me and I could read the intention in her eyes and slowly nodded my approval. She quickly opened the button on Ayron's jeans. He stood with his hands on his hips, but his pelvis pushed forward. Slowly Sandra unzipped his jeans and I watched her hand slip inside my husband's boxers. Moments later she withdrew his penis.

The throbbing veins of Ayron's penis were dark purple and I could see the glistening of pre-cum shining on his knob. Sandra wrapped her fingers around the shaft of Ayron's penis and her fingers glided up the shaft and her thumb smeared the pre-cum over the top. Ayron's penis flexed hard beneath her fingers and more pre-cum appeared. A small groan escaped from Ayron's throat, as Sandra started to gently pump his shaft.

Watching this scene take place before my eyes was an erotic experience and was quickly starting to have an effect on me. Not a word had passed between us though.

I joined Sandra on the ground in front of Ayron and we both began to undress him. We discarded his clothes slowly. Trailing our fingernails down his thigh as we removed first his jeans and then his boxers. Ayron quickly discarded his t-shirt. He was now totally naked and very, very aroused.

His bulging penis was almost pulsing before our eyes. I knew Ayron loved to have his balls fondled and slowly trailed my nails up his inner thigh until they reached the base of his tight balls and quickly took them in my hand and started to massage them.

I could see the pre-cum starting to dribble over his knob and down the base of his shaft. Sandra noticed too. With only her tongue Sandra licked the very tip on Ayron's knob. Her tongue gently probing the eye of his penis, as I continued to massage his balls, grazing my nails across the ridges in his sac. If possible, his penis swelled even more.

The groans from Ayron's throat were becoming deeper and his arousal mounting with every movement we made. Ayron placed a hand on the top of his shaft, pressing his penis down so that the knob was brushing against Sandra's lips. His other hand grasped mine, as I fondled his balls. He was almost instructing me to fondle him faster and harder, which I did most obligingly.

Ayron was rubbing his knob all over Sandra's face, smearing her with pre-cum. Her tongue was darting in and out, licking his penis with every chance that came.

Shocking both Sandra and I, Ayron stepped back quickly, but reached out a hand to both of us. Still not a word had been spoken.

Leading us both back into the house, Ayron made his was towards our bedroom. 

Early in our marriage we'd enjoyed a most fulfilling sex life and we'd had glass mirrored doors installed on all our wardrobes, which covered 3 walls. I was able to watch the three of us walk to the foot of our bed naked. We were all fit, athletic types and this vision was really quite beautiful. Ayron's penis was proudly on display, pushing up hard against his firm stomach muscles.

Again Sandra took the initiative, and lowered herself onto the bed. She leaned forward and pulled both Ayron and I down with her, but we both remained on all fours above her. Sandra leaned up towards me and brushed her lips against mine. Her tongue circling and parting my lips, as she dragged my head down to meet hers. She instantly intensified the kiss, as her tongue probed my mouth and I responded equally. 

We kissed long and deep, as my hand fondled her nipples. Her hands were buried in my hair, holding me to her. We continued this way for sometime, almost forgetting Ayron's very existence.

I felt a shudder run through Sandra's body and her deep groan escaped into my mouth. I could feel her lower body rising and sinking, as we continued to kiss. 

I was becoming so aroused again, just from the kiss. It was so intense. Every inch of me was on fire. My clitoris was swollen and aching again and I could feel my wetness increasing again.

As we continued to kiss and fondle each other, I felt a pressure between my parted thighs. I broke away from Sandra's kiss momentarily glancing behind me. Ayron was between Sandra's thighs. I had been so lost in the moment, that I hadn't even sensed him move. His tongue was delving into Sandra's pussy, thrusting and lapping, as his thumb pushed into my wet pussy too. I arched my back slightly, pushing my hips down so that Ayron's thumb probed even deeper inside me.

It was amazing watching his rapid movements between Sandra's thighs and her hips thrusting to match his movements.

Sandra's hands dragged my mouth back to meets hers, and we resumed our long passionate kiss. 

I felt Ayron's hands beneath my thighs, as he lifted me across Sandra so that I now straddled her on all fours. 

Ayron was now diving between both our wet pussies, lapping, sucking and exploring. I could feel his whiskers grazing against my thighs each time he came back to me.

I continued to tease Sandra's nipples with one hand, supporting myself with the other. But Sandra had other ideas. One of her hands slid down between us and her fingers rotated between the two of us, as Ayron continued to alternate his position too.

I was so aroused and I was having trouble concentrating on any one aspect, but rather enjoying each and every one of them independently.

Sandra stopped briefly and quickly reversed our position so that she now straddled me. Her hands were beneath my shoulders, pushing me further across the bed away from her. The minute my pelvis was equal with her face she stopped me.

Sandra lowered her mouth down towards my aching pussy, as I arched up to meet her waiting mouth. She instantly took possession of my eagerly awaiting pussy, thrusting her tongue deep inside of me. I could hear her lapping furiously at my juices, drinking me in.

I was able to watch this from the mirrored wardrobe. It was so, so erotic. I noticed Sandra reach back between her thighs, searching, grasping for Ayron's penis. He was quick to accommodate her demands.

Sandra had a firm grip on Ayron's penis and I could almost see the throbbing veins in the mirror. Sandra never missed a beat. She continued to drive me wild with her probing, lapping tongue, as she guided Ayron deep inside her.

Watching my husband fuck another woman as she devoured my pussy was almost more than my aching clitoris could tolerate.

Ayron's hands held Sandra's hips tightly, as he pushed deep inside her with long penetrating strokes. He was almost withdrawing to the tip of his knob, only to bury himself deep inside her again. He was intently watching each of his strokes glide in and out of Sandra's wet pussy too.

I watched every movement in the mirror, but was also lost in the magic of Sandra's mouth. I could feel Sandra's tongue gathering momentum against my clitoris and her hot breathe expelling against my exposed pussy. I knew she was nearing climax herself, as Ayron continued to thrust into her. I could see the sheen of perspiration building across Ayron's chest and shoulders as he pumped into her pussy.

For the longest time not a word had been uttered, only to be broken my Sandra's exclamation that she was cumming. Her hips were bucking, but not for a moment did she lose her rhythm against my clitoris, lapping and sucking me deeply into her mouth.

I could feel my own orgasm mounting once again, as Sandra continued to frantically devour me, as her own orgasm peeked. With a rush of sensation I was engulfed by my second orgasm of the day. My hips were bucking and thrusting, as I almost screamed in an ecstasy so intense. All the time my eyes never left the mirror.

I could see Ayron's thrusting so deeply into Sandra now. His own orgasm almost upon him too. He gripped Sandra's thighs hard with both his hands. Dragging her back to meet his thrusts. Her nose and mouth ramming back into my pussy with each thrust of Ayron's penis.

Before my eyes I watched my husband explode inside Sandra. I deep guttural moan escaped his lips, as her spurted his seed deep inside her. His body was jerking furiously, almost beyond his control.

It was the most erotic experience of my life.

We collapsed sated against the top covers of our bed. Nobody saying a word, but all panting heavily in unison, until our combined breathes settled.

Spent and exhausted, we all drifted off to sleep in a tangle of arms and legs.

I am not sure how long we slept for, but obviously it was quite sometime, as the shadows of evening were upon the wall when I woke.

Ayron was leaning on one elbow above me, smiling down into my eyes. Sandra was gone, nowhere to be seen.

As Ayron leaned down to kiss me, I could still taste and smell the salty juices of my old school friend on his lips. 

Already I could feel myself responding.