 This is a long story so those of you with limited time or short attention spans may stop reading anytime you want to. You can always come back later. I wrote it this way because I wanted it to be judged as a whole and not a series of individual chapters. There is a lot of sex in this story and it spans categories. Like my other stories, this one chronicles the changes that can happen unexpectedly in a person's life and how that person copes with those changes. 

All characters in this story are fictional and portrayed to be over the age of eighteen. 

Please leave comments and/or send email. I appreciate all responses. 

***** 

August eighteenth began like most days. As soon as I felt awake I headed for the bathroom to pee then put on a robe and made my way to the kitchen to pop in a coffee pod. While it was brewing I opened the drapes on the large window that was our main connection to the outside world from our ninth story apartment. The view was nice and it looked like we would enjoy another clear warm day in Memphis. 

I walked back to the kitchen and picked up the cup of freshly brewed coffee then returned to the master bedroom to get Josh up and begin the daily routine of getting ready for work. So far my life had been almost exactly as I had wanted it to be. My parents were not only sane but also loving and I admired and appreciated them for raising me the way they did. I was an excellent student and ended up getting a scholarship to Harvard where I made it through law school graduating third in my class. 

I had no trouble finding a law firm to join and finally decided on a prestigious, old group of well-connected attorneys that made me an offer and several promises that I just couldn't refuse. I met my husband while working on a case for a company that manufactures subsystems for airplanes. He was the sales director and we hit it off while I was interviewing him to gather information about the litigation I would be involved in for the company. 

Josh is a wonderful man, kind, courteous, thoughtful...a real southern gentleman. We were married seven months after my joining the law firm. I've been with them now for almost three years and they've kept their promises so far. We decided on living in an apartment for a while because it was close to my office and I wanted to be sure I was really committed to living in Memphis before we bought a home and started a family. We'd been carefully saving our money and investing it wisely. I'd been led to believe that when I had been with the firm for three years I would make partner. If that came to be, we could start looking at real estate. 

I liked to ride the bus to work even though I had a nice car. It was a great way to get the day started and I enjoyed watching the people I rode with on the short trip to my office building. I was comfortable and secure in my new life and believed I was happy. I had no idea how abruptly everything would change. 

It was just after noon when Frank Palmer, one of the partners, walked into my office and shut the door. "Do you have a minute to talk?" 

"Sure Frank, what can I do for you?" 

"I'm glad you asked because there is something you can do for me. Ever since you started working here I've had a huge crush on you and today I decided to do something about it. I want us to become lovers." 

I was startled when I heard what he had said but kept my wits about me and pushed a tiny button on the pen I had in my hand that activated a high definition video and audio recorder that was aimed directly at my desk from two directions. I had a private security firm that one of my investigators told me about install the system after hours one weekend without telling anybody else about it. I made a practice of always recording everything that transpired in my office with clients. 

"Frank, did I hear you correctly. Did you just tell me you wanted to have sex with me as casually as asking me to have lunch with you? Is this some kind of a joke or a test?" 

"You heard me correctly and no, this isn't a joke, I'm very serious. I've lusted after you for more than two years now and I want to do more than just look at you every day." 

"Have you forgotten that I'm happily married to someone I love very much?" 

"No I haven't, and I haven't forgotten that I'm in the same situation. I'm not talking about us leaving our spouses and living together. That would cause a scandal that would hurt both our careers. I'm just talking about an occasional meeting for sex. I've had to be very careful about doing something like this for most of my life since doing it with anybody outside the firm would put me in a compromising position. But we'd be in the same boat and that would help us be discreet about what we were doing." 

"Don't I have anything to say about this? What if I went to the other partners and told them about this conversation?" 

"You could do that but I'd just deny it ever happened and it would be your word against mine. I think you'd lose that fight. Your career here would be finished and when word got around you might find getting another position rather challenging. You're on the track to becoming a partner yourself pretty soon and in order for that to happen you have to be approved by all the existing partners. If you say no to me, you would be saying no to becoming a partner." 

"Frank that's blackmail! Not to mention blatant sexual harassment. I can't believe you're doing this." 

"Awww Vivian, those are very harsh words. You've been in this business long enough to know that ninety percent of our job is getting people to make arrangements rather than go to court. All I'm asking for is a little fun every so often. I'm not that terrible a prospect as a lover am I? Besides, there would be some perks for you in being my girlfriend. I could make sure some high paying work comes your way and juice up your image with the other partners." 

"I need some time to think about this Frank. I don't want to react to your suggestion until I've been able to consider it. It's not everyday that I get propositioned to be somebody's mistress." 

"That's understandable, why don't you take some time off? You haven't taken any vacation since you started here except to get married. Take a week or two and relax so you can see the advantages to what I've suggested. You'll see that this is the way the game is played." 

"That's exactly what I intend to do Frank. I trust I can rely on you to tell the other partners that I'm taking some vacation. I'll let you know what I've decided when I return. Now if you will excuse me, I have to tidy up a few loose ends before I leave." 

He left my office and I turned the recording system off and cycled through a lot of emotions and feelings about what had just transpired. I knew all I had to do was show the recording to the other partners and Frank would be toast. I was surprised that even a small part of me could consider going through with what he proposed but was I willing to lose all I'd worked for over an occasional fuck? 

Even if I told the other partners about this it would still be a big stinking pile of shit and I would inevitably get some of it on me even though I could prove sexual harassment. Nobody likes a whistle blower. 

What was I going to tell Josh? How would he react? What if he did something stupid and ended up making this bizarre situation even worse? Could I do this without telling him? As busy as we both are in our work, I could manage to sneak another hour into my schedule once a week. When I realized I had already begun to think about cheating on my husband to save my career I told myself to quit thinking and get out of the building. I remembered what my favorite law professor once told me: Don't ever react to a surprising situation; think first, then respond. 

I made preparations to leave including making copies of the recordings on a thumb drive and in about twenty minutes I left the building and decided to walk back to the apartment. A little exercise does wonders for your thought processes. I got there about quarter past one and let myself in. That's when the second shoe fell. I heard sounds coming from the bedroom, familiar sounds, the sounds of two people having sex. 

I quietly moved toward the bedroom. The door was partially open and I leaned my head around it to find Josh lying on his back with an attractive, naked young woman on top of him grinding her pelvis into his. I reached in my pocket and took out my phone and set it to video and aimed it at them for a couple of minutes. I couldn't believe I had to do this for the second time within an hour. I turned the phone off and put it away then pushed the door all the way open and walked in. 

"You know, I'm going to spare us all the usual stupid words and hysterics that normally accompany these situations. Don't let me interrupt your fun, I'm just going to get my suitcase and start packing a few things and then I'll be going." 

The attractive young woman screamed and jumped off Josh so hard and fast that I thought she would hit her head against the ceiling. Josh groaned loudly both from the rude way his partner had ended their tryst and from the unpleasant and unexpected arrival of his wife. The young woman was frantically scrambling to gather up her clothes and get dressed. 

"Do you need any help putting those panties on sweetie? I'll bet they came off a lot easier than they're going back on." 

Josh started to speak. "Vivian, let me ..." 

"Josh it would really be ill advised for you to say anything right now. I get the picture. On any other day this would have been the worst thing that could have happened to me but you picked a day where you're going to have to settle for second place. I'm going out and I'd appreciate it if your girlfriend would not be here when I return in about an hour. We'll talk when I get back. 

I got my suitcase out of the closet and put it on the bed. I took some clothes out of my dresser and put them in then got my passport out of a case on a shelf in the closet and walked out of the bedroom and out of the front door. I waited for the elevator and stepped in when it came. I heard Josh and his girlfriend talking as she came out of the apartment. I pressed the hold button and waited for her to get to the elevator. When she saw me, she stopped; she looked scared and just stood there. 

"Get in! I 'm not going to hurt you." 

She walked inside and I released the hold button. We started to descend. She moved to the other side and tried not to look at me. 

"Look at me!" I barked at her. "I'm an attorney and I have to see people every day in situations they don't want to be in. I'll bet you never thought you'd be standing here with me did you?" She still didn't say anything, just shook her head no. "Well you don't have to worry about me interrupting your adultery for the next week because I won't be here." 

She finally spoke, "What are you going to do?" 

"I'm going somewhere I can think about things and maybe even treat myself to a little fun because I've had a hell of a day and I deserve some TLC." 

We reached the lobby and I walked out to the front door and headed for a travel agency that I passed by every day on my bus ride to work. 

I went inside and looked around. A woman sitting behind a desk asked me if she could help me. 

"Is there anybody here who specializes in unusual vacations?" 

"Could you be a little more specific?" She asked. 

"I'm looking for something exotic. Something like a spring break for adults." 

"You need to talk to Cindy. She's been to a lot of the type of places I think you have in mind. Go on back to the last office on the right." 

I walked back to the office and stood at the door. A pretty woman in her late twenties or early thirties was sitting at a desk. "Can I help you with something?" 

"I'm looking for an exciting, exotic, carefree vacation. Something like spring break." 

"Please have a seat. I'm sure I can find you just what you're looking for. Will you be traveling alone?" 

"Yes." 

"So you're single?" 

"No, I'm married." Cindy's eyebrow rose up. 

"How exotic do you want to be?" 

"I want to let myself go completely and have enough fun to forget about the shit storm that just hit my life." 

"Is your husband the cause of that storm?" 

"One of the causes." 

"I see. Well it's been said that the best way to get over a man is to get under another one but I want to be sure we're talking about the same thing here. Are you looking for sex?" 

"Yes. The wild and uninhibited kind." 

"There are several places that offer those types of activities. I meet a lot of people and you're obviously not a girl gone wild who does this on a regular basis, that let's me eliminate the rough, raunchy and crude places. Do you want drunken orgies or something with a little more class?" 

"I just want to get laid... a lot. Preferably by someone who can last more than five minutes and isn't going to pass out or throw up. I guess that means a classy place." 

"Are you into women or do you just want to fuck men?' 

"I hadn't thought about that. It might be fun to be with another couple." 

Cindy's eyes brightened when I said that and she gave me an inviting smile. 

"There are three places I would recommend depending on your budget. The best is very exclusive and the most expensive since the prices tend to attract a better quality of swingers." 

"I can afford a nice place if it's what I'm looking for." 

"The place I have in mind will not disappoint you. You may even run into a celebrity or two while you're there. Rich people tend to have refined sexual tastes and they take care of themselves so they can indulge their fantasies. How long are you thinking of being gone?" 

"A week." 

"Oh that's good. I can get you a better rate if you stay that long." 

She used her computer to check rates and availability. "They have three types of accommodations: Suites, Villas and Deluxe rooms. The suites are $7,500 per week. Villas are $10,000 per week and Deluxe rooms are $4,500 per week for couples and single men and $3,000 per week for single women. All the rooms have spectacular views of the ocean and everything is included; all meals, drinks, beach stuff, towels and laundry. Unless you just want to spend a lot of money on bigger rooms and private hot tubs, the Deluxe rooms are as good as you need." 

"Where is this place?" 

"It's in the Caribbean on a private island. You will fly to Curacao and a boat will take you to the resort. When are you wanting to travel?" 

"Today." 

"That's rather short notice. There are some requirements that you need to meet before they will accept you. You'll need a passport, a credit report, a criminal background check and a medical certification that you have no STDs. You'll also need somebody to recommend you. You're in luck there because I've visited this property and established a relationship with them so I can recommend you." 

"Will I need to see my doctor for the medical certificate?" 

"No, again you're in luck; there's a clinic down the street that can do the tests in less than an hour. You should go there now and get one while I begin the paperwork and run your credit and background reports. What is it you do for a living?" 

"I work at the law firm of Palmer, Lindeman and Sutherland. I'm an attorney." 

"Well, there shouldn't be any problem with your reports. Where are you in your menstrual cycle?" 

"I use a type of birth control that stops your periods so I don't have a cycle anymore." 

"Just checking, you wouldn't want to be having your period while you were there. 

I left to get the medical test and forty-five minutes later I returned with a clean bill of health and gave her a copy of the certificate. 

"OK, I've got all the other items taken care of. I did some checking while you were gone and I can get you on an early flight to Miami tomorrow with a connection to Curacao at one-twenty in the afternoon. That will get you to the resort around eight PM. The parties will just be starting about then." 

I reached into my purse and retrieved my credit card and handed it to her. She finalized all the arrangements for my weeklong adventure and told me it would be a good idea to stay in a motel at the airport tonight since the plane to Miami was scheduled to leave at six-forty AM. I thanked her and started to leave. She looked at me and smiled. "Vivian, you can have a really nice time at this resort. It has a way of changing your perspective on things. I'd very much like to see you again when you return. I find personal feedback to be much more informative and intimate than filling out some online survey." 

On my way back to the apartment I called the Hilton and booked a room at the airport for the night. Josh was waiting for me when I got there. I had decided not to be the hurt, betrayed wife and yell and scream in between asking him silly questions like how could he possibly do such a thing. I'd dealt with enough people in my practice to know that anybody is capable of doing just about anything if the circumstances were right. The first words out of his mouth were "I'm sorry Vivian". 

"Sorry you did it or sorry you got caught? Now is not the time to discuss this. You're just going to stutter around and say stupid things and it's only going to irritate me to hear you say bullshit I've heard countless times before from couples going through divorce so just do us both a favor and don't say anything." 

I continued to pack my suitcases and told him I was going away for a week to think things over and I would let him know when I would return so we could decide where we go from here. I asked him to give careful consideration to what he wanted to do and I would do the same. The packing was easy. Cindy had told me that nobody wore clothes at the resort except for dinner in the main restaurant. Most of the time the guests ate on the beach where the staff cooked over open fires. Breakfast could be eaten in your room or in whichever room you woke up in. 

I then told Josh that I loved him and walked out the door with my two suitcases. As I walked to the elevator I thought about what I had just said. Did I love him? I mean really love him. If I did, why wasn't I crying; why didn't I feel sad or enraged or emotionally devastated? I decided it was because I was still in a low grade of shock from everything that had happened today. And the fact that I tend to think too much about situations rather than act out emotionally. 

I drove my car to the airport and parked in long-term parking then caught the shuttle to the Hilton and checked in. I was surprisingly composed and calm considering what I had been through in the span of about ten hours. I ordered something from room service then showered and took half of a sleeping pill and went to bed. 

The alarm went off at four-thirty. I put on some comfortable clothes for flying and went down to catch the shuttle to the departure area of the airport. Traffic was light and I got my bags checked in quickly so I cleared security with fifty minutes to spare. I got a decaf latte at a coffee shop then headed for the gate. 

The flight to Miami was routine and I managed to sleep most of the way there. I had an hour before the flight to Curacao so I checked in at the gate and caught up on some last minute emails on my phone while I had a bowl of soup. When we reached cruising altitude on the flight to Curacao I took out my phone and replayed the video I had made of Josh and his girlfriend. They were arranged on the bed somewhat diagonally so I got a profile view of the girl as she bounced up and down enthusiastically on my husband. I couldn't remember us fucking this way. I had no idea Josh liked this position. I felt a little sad about that and put the phone away. I decided I would try cowgirl at the resort. As soon as we landed and I walked through the exit ramp to head toward the main terminal, I could feel and smell the difference in the air. It was humid and fragrant with a mixture of salt and tropical foliage. 
