 "Warning, this title contains the following: explicit sex, graphic language, and some violent situations. In addition, all characters in any sexually explicit conduct are over the age of eighteen (18) years at the time this story was written."

(Many thanks for your comments and votes throughout the year. Happy Holidays!) 

*

Trish asked me to come to Diane's (her girlfriend) party Friday night. I agreed, although I didn't know anyone.

We arrived at Diane's house around 9:30 PM. You could hear the rhythmic base bump of the latest DJ a block away. Luckily, Diane friend lived outside the city limits.

The entire two-story house was dark, save for the occasional black light or hand held strobe light used to enhance what I later learned was the 'rolling experience.'

There were at least forty people downstairs as Trish and I walked through. Everyone seemed messed up already.

When some guy asked me if I needed 'party favors' I laughed and sarcastically exclaimed, "Nooo...it's not New Year's Eve!" The guy just nodded and walked away.

Trish and I were given beers by a friend of hers. We sipped on them as we mingled around.

At some point, I thought I swallowed something. I immediately attempted to clear my throat, but whatever it was - was long gone.

I looked at Trish and her at me. We realized simultaneously that we had been played - that whatever it was we had swallowed, was probably XTC.

Trish and I walked around some more, not knowing what to do. When we saw a stairs, we decided to explore.

The first thing we saw when we reached the top, was a guy lying on his stomach, on a sofa. A pretty Spanish girl with long, straight black hair, with her pants unzipped, was sitting on him. She appeared to be massaging his back as she ground her pussy into his ass. (Trish later told me her name was Lydia.)

Guys and girls were littered all over, on the floor, chairs. Some couples were also dancing erotically. It seemed everyone was high and/or intoxicated.

Trish and I wondered down a hallway and opened the first closed door, we came upon. Although the room was dimly lit, we could tell it was a bedroom. A woman was lying prone on a queen size bed and she appeared to be completely naked!

Curious, we approached her. After only two steps, Trish said, "I think that's Diane. That's her tat...on her butt."

I'd never see Diane naked, but I'd have to be blind not to have noticed that she had a superhot body. She had long, blonde hair, a perfect set of C-cups, and an ass that came down into an upside down heart. Diane also had an incredibly flat stomach.

When we got to the bed, Diane looked up at us. Trish and I stood there for a second looking down at her. I could tell from the blank look on her face that whatever she saw - didn't register.

As we continued to look at each other, Sis and I began to feel a tingling in our fingers and toes. Before we knew it, our shoes were off and we were grinding our toes into the carpet.

About a minute later, Diane grabbed our hands, and spoke to us through clenched teeth. "Hi guys. Would you please rub my head?"

It seemed that her jaw was shaking, a sure sign that she was deep. I obliged her and began gently rubbing my hand through her soft hair. Diane's body immediately began to gyrate in reaction to the waves of pleasure that she was feeling.

I must admit, Diane's reaction turned my high up a lot. I really wanted to make her feel good, so I ran my free hand under her soft breasts, causing her body to gyrate even more.

Trish already had sat down on the bed and was caressing Diane' sexy butt cheeks. She did not even notice what I was doing.

I decided right then and there I wanted Diane, despite the fact I wasn't sure she had any idea what was going on. Like me, she was only reacting to her sensual feelings.

I began kissing and lightly sucking on Diane's neck. She smelled like sandalwood and I really liked that.

Suddenly, Diane seemed to realize what was going on. She partially turned on her side and then smiled when she recognized Trish.

"You're late lady."

Trish smiled back and responded, but not verbally. She simply leaned forward as she cupped Diane's breasts with her hands, and began kissing her light-brown nipples.

Diane's eyes opened wide for a second, but then she quickly seemed to disappear into a very pleasurable world. She began sighing and smiling with closed eyes as her hips writhed with pleasure.

Diane ground her pussy into the bedspread for another minute or so, before she slowly turned over onto her back and spread her shapely legs. Her small, rounded labia formed an alluring, tightly closed, hairless cleft.

I don't know how long Trish and I stared 'til I broke my gaze and looked back at Trish. She was still staring.

I slowly leaned over and whispered in Trish's ear. "Go ahead...she's so hot. No one's here."

Although Trish shyly shrugged her shoulders, Diane heard me and said, "Yes. Do me, Viking!"

Hoping to encourage Trish, I spread Diane's legs, slipped my forefinger into her moist pussy, and wiggled it around. Diane instantly began to moan and squirm, and within seconds, she was really wet.

I quickly withdrew my finger from Diane's pussy and slowly directed it to Trish's mouth. Although Trish's lips waivered, she opened her mouth.

After Trish tasted my finger, she began sucking it as if it was my cock! My balls immediately tightened and then throbbed so hard that I grabbed them with my left hand.

When Trish saw my reaction, she smiled, released my finger, and then positioned herself between Diane's silky, smooth thighs as I unzipped my pants. My hard cock was begging to be released.

At first, Trish timidly licked Diane's hot pussy. However, when I massaged her shoulders, she relaxed, and began to concentrate.

Trish knew what to do. Using the flat of her tongue, as well, as the tip, she quickly made Diane's pussy open, like a beautiful blooming flower.

I was unable to resist, the gorgeous, naked, heaving, female body. I began to kiss and suckle Diane's titties.

The stimulation Diane was receiving from Trish and I quickly overwhelmed her. She began emitting very loud, passionate moans.

Apparently, that was the signal Trish was waiting for. She made an 'O' with her mouth, planted it over Diane's clit, and began alternating sucking pressures, along with tongue stimulation.

Eventually, I had to stop sucking on Diane's tits. She not only grabbed her nipples and began tugging on them; she began bucking her smooth, pubic mound erratically against Trish's mouth.

Knowing Diane was on the verge, Trish began sucking her clit as if it were a cock. Diane raised her hips and began hollering, "Don't stop! Don't you dare stop!"

It did not take for long for the fireworks to go off after that. Liquid just poured of Diane's pussy as her body convulsed and jerked on the bed.

When Diane's orgasm subsided, Trish leaned down and shyly whispered in my ear, "Can you do me?"

I was so proud of Trish -- that she could make a woman cum so hard like that, I energetically responded, "Heck ya!"

With a super big smile on her face, Trish motioned for me to lie down on the bed as she whipped off her sweats and shoes. She then climbed up on the bed, positioned her cute, little butt just above my face, and unhesitatingly, lowered her ass down.

My mouth watered as soon as I smelled Trish's pussy. I automatically knew she was wet and sticky and that I would soon be wolfing down her delicious pussy juice.

I was surprised, though, when I pulled her g-string aside, it was soaking wet and so was her asshole! No wonder the poor girl needed immediate relief and she wasn't the only one - my cock was rock hard.

"Oh my fucking god," Trish gasped as my tongue fluttered around her slick anus, searching for her opening.

"Yes! Eat my asshole! Suck it!"

When I found her prize, I quickly worked my tongue into her hot asshole and then smugly smiled as I plastered my mouth tight around her anus. I knew she loved analingus -- just as much as I loved eating her scrumptious ass out.

Trish's pussy juices were soon streaming onto my face as she humped her soft ass against my mouth. I simply loved the way she determinedly maintained the glorious contact between her spasming anus and my tongue.

About two minutes later, Trish had one hard orgasm. She emitted a series of small cries and then her voice broke as her rectum spasmed and her thighs closed around my head, forcing my mouth over her flowing pussy.

Trish's 'faucet' had been turned on. Somehow I managed to swallow all her cum, without choking.

"God!" Trish exclaimed when her orgasms subsided. She then collapsed onto the bed, panting heavily as a pretty, black girl stumbled into the room.

This girl appeared even more trashed than Diane. She was a beauty, too. She had large doe like eyes and long, straight black hair. She was wearing a pair of flannel shorts and a sports bra, which barely held her ample breasts in place.

As I continued to stare at her mouthwatering breasts, the black girl asked, "What are you guys doing? Sorry. Can I just lie on the bed with you guys?"

I nodded and she plopped down. I thought her luscious titties were going to spill out over her flat stomach when she stretched out.

Diane looked over at her and said, "Hey Tracie. How ya feeling...good?"

Tracie smiled weakly, nodded, and replied, "You're naked."

Tracie's facial expression then turned wistful as she placed her hand on Diane's smooth butt cheeks and softly rubbed them. Diane didn't seem to notice, so Tracie laid down on the bed.

I thought are little session was about to break up, when something jump-started Tracie. She rose up, reached around her back, and unsnapped her bra.

"Can I can bring these to the party."

When sweet Tracie unveiled her double D's and her big brown nipples, I wondered if she knew she was surrounded by a pack of wolves. She had to be aware of the hungry looks her curvy ass and ample chest were receiving!

As I imagined jamming my cock down Tracie's throat and then cumming all over her pretty, sweet face, Trish began rubbing Tracie's shoulders. It did not take long for Tracie to become putty in Trish's hands.

When Tracie's eyes closed, both Diane and Trish gently cupped a large, beautiful, brown breast in each of their small, white hands and lowered their drooling mouths onto Tracie's enticing, erect nipples. They nursed on Tracie's big as dates nipples like starving babies.

Tracie readily surrendered to the erotic pleasure of the blondes' tender mouths lustfully suckling her sensitive teats. Breathing heavily, she leaned back, pulled her shorts down a few inches. My eyes bugged out when she began rubbing her bald, black pussy.

"Eat me," she moaned. "Eat my black pussy. Please..."

Although I had never 'gone down' on a black girl, I decided to do it. How often did a guy have a chance to eat black and white pussy on the same day?

I crawled between Tracie's long legs and as I began kissing her chocolate thighs, I was surprised at how smooth and tender her skin felt against my lips. I was pleasantly surprised, again, when I lowered Tracie's shorts and began gently sucking on her wet labia. Her pussy smelled and tasted remarkably sweet, that I was glad I went for it.

After heartily lapping Tracie's pussy for a proper amount of time, I softly took her delicate, pink button between my teeth, and rolled it back and forth, before sucking it. I thought Tracie was going to go through the roof. She violently began flinging her head and arching her back, startling the nursing girls and me.

As we looked down at Tracie, we could see the orgasmic shivers running across her ample chest, as she reached her arms out for us. Tracie was completely surrendering her beautiful, black body to whatever pleasure, the three of us deemed appropriate.

Our lust went sky high when Tracie gave herself to us. We nibbled, kissed, coated, and bathed her mouth, tits, and pussy with our saliva. We were sucking her into wanton ecstasy.

As I slobbered over Tracie's delicious genitalia, I felt her nails dig into my back. When I looked up, her arms were wrapped around Trish. They were kissing.

I quickly turned to Diane. She smirked as she reached out and grabbed my cock. She squeezed me hard and then gave me a stern look.

"Start with me...finish what you started...that goes for your girlfriend, too!"

Diane then rolled over on her back and spread her sexy legs. I quickly took my shorts off and mounted her.

I pushed my cock into her pussy a little, too, hard. Diane moaned so loud that Trish and Tracie stopped kissing to look.

"Kiss her," I said to them. "It will really..."

Tracie's tongue was in Diane's mouth before I could finish the sentence. Even Tracie managed to crawl over to attend to her.

Although I was fucking Diane softly, I could still see a little pain registered on her pretty face. I knew the look. My big cock usually bottomed out in younger women and quite a few were not comfortable with that.

I turned to Trish and said, "I got her warmed for you."

Diane didn't protest and neither did Trish. She eagerly went down, again, on her girlfriend's hot pussy.

When I looked up, Tracie was staring at me. As I stared back, she looked down at my throbbing erection and began then began leaning back as she spread her legs. Apparently, she did not mind that it was wet with Diane's pussy juices.

It took me a minute to work my cock all the way up Tracie's pussy. She was much deeper than Diane, but much tighter. I was glad I had made her so wet.

I was also on the verge of saying something stupid, but I didn't. I did not tell Tracie that I had never fucked a black girl.

I did not start fucking Tracie as soon as I penetrated her, either. I wanted to take a moment to enjoy the glorious smile on her face. 

No doubt, she was luxuriating from the feeling of my hard cock throbbing in her snug pussy and from the sexual intensity of interracial and public sex. I sure was.

After taking a quick peek at Diane and Trish, I casually whispered, "Look at Diane and Trish...they are really going at it."

Trish and Diane had taken it to the next level. They were eating each other's pussy. Trish was also finger-fucking Diane's elastic asshole, right in front of our faces!

The longer we watched Trish's fingers work Diane's pale, pink asshole the harder I got. Tracie noticed, too. She looked up into my face, hesitated a moment, and then asked, "Is that me or..."

"Definitely you," I said confidently. "I don't think I've ever been this hard..."

Tracie demurely smiled and said, "They're turning me on, too... I never tried that... I wonder what it would feel like..."

I studied Tracie's big eyes for a moment before saying, "I would love that! I'm certainly hard enough..."

By silent, mutual consent, we disengaged. I held my cock at the ready, as Tracie submissively rolled over.

As soon as I saw Tracie's dark, perfectly round, gorgeous ass, I fell in love and then into lust, especially, when she reached back, grabbed her smooth, brown cheeks with her long, sleek fingers, and pulled them apart.

As soon as I saw it, I immediately knew I had to kiss her stretched, tight, purple-colored anus. I wanted to feel it pucker against my lips.

When I leaned over and began playfully running my tongue over and around Tracie's anus, she giggled and wiggled her butt. She had no idea what she was in store for.

When Tracie's anus was wet with saliva, I lowered my mouth and kissed it passionately. Since I did not break my kiss off quickly, I was able to feel her entire body relax as she deeply exhaled.

I was further rewarded when Tracie instinctively spread her cheeks even wider. She was indicating she wanted more; what she had never experienced -- totally fulfilling, rapturous pleasure.

In no time, I was sliding my tongue into Tracie's rectum. The deeper my tongue probed the more her ass opened for me, and the further her legs spread, 'til she was spread eagle.

The taste and smell of Tracie's ass around my face was so intoxicating, that I ate her ass out as if it was the last meal I would ever have. I tongue-fucked her succulent asshole with long, slow thrusts as she pushed her ass firmly against my face.

Even before Tracie let out a long, low groan of release, I knew she was cumming. My tongue was so far up her ass, that I had felt her buttery insides begin to flutter and tremor.

Just as Tracie breathed, "I'm going to cum," I inserted two fingers and my thumb into her spasming pussy and ass.

Tracie gasped in surprise and arched her back as she squeezed both her pussy and ass tight. She then shuddered and shook for a good minute before her orifices loosened their grip.

When Tracie invitingly spread her thighs wide, again, I knew it was time. I kissed my way up Tracie's back, until I was in the push-up position over her.

Upon briefly pausing to rub Tracie's pussy juices on my cockhead, I started pushing my cock against her anus. Tracie pushed back and then lightly gasped as my slippery cockhead popped into her.

I stopped penetrating Tracie after half of my thick cock was inside her. We both remained motionless.

Tracie was savoring her first anal penetration. For me, there was nothing like the feeling of entering a 'strange' ass for the first time.

As I began slowly thrusting into Tracie's snug ass, with short, controlled strokes, she buried her face in a pillow and began moaning. I immediately thought I was hurting her.

I was about to pull back, when Tracie reached back and spread her cheeks apart. That's when I really knew she really wanted it up the ass, just as much as I wanted to give it to her.

Sure, I was tempted to bang her nubile ass like a screen door in a hurricane, but I didn't. Instead, I gave her pristine ass my most sensual ass fuck -- well almost. Regardless, I was rewarded later on.

It was extremely erotic to see and feel Tracie's tight sphincters grasping and stretching around my thick, white cock, as I slowly pushed all the into her rectum. When my heavy nut sack was up against her ass soft ass cheeks, I would slowly pull back. The return trips were just as enjoyable.

I also enjoyed the glimpses of Tracie's tits gently swaying from the momentum of my thrusts. They were begging to be softly caressed and lovingly kissed.

Unfortunately, it wasn't long before my senses were overwhelmed and gave way, without hesitation, to pure unbridled lust. My hard cock was beginning to swell, uncontrollably, and the pressure in my balls was building to an excruciating level. There was no backing down or easing up under these conditions.

I acknowledged the telltale, ecstatic, signals of an impending, monumental orgasm and proceeded to fuck Tracie's asshole harder. I even moved my hips forward, mounting her ass higher. I wanted my engorged cock to be as deep as possible before it flooded her warm guts.

Tracie became just as passionate. She wantonly tossed her head about, gripping her full tits, as I pounded her butt. She let was letting me know that she welcomed my hunger to cum in her ass and the way my man-sized cock was fucking it.

After just a couple of more strokes, I agonizingly blurted, "I'm cumming. Squeeze...Tracie squeeze!"

Like my best girl, Tracie immediately arched her back and squeezed her twitching rectal muscles against my throbbing cock. When she wiggled her hips for good measure, I saw stars.

I collapsed on top of Tracie as my cock exploded, squirting sperm deep into her bowels. Unbelievably, Tracie helped me pump spurt after spurt of cum into her virgin ass. Her ass milked my cock every time it contracted, ensuring I would have an unforgettable orgasm.

After my orgasms subsided, we held still as our sexual organs continued to twitch. I for sure wanted to relish her freshly fucked, sperm-filled ass and revel in the pleasure that I would never, again, wonder what it would be like to fuck a beautiful, sensual, black woman in the ass.
