 (Author's note: This was inspired by thoughts of a vacation friends and I are planning for Vegas in Spring 2012.)

*

"Finally!" Karen exclaimed, as she rolled her suitcase into the hotel suite that would be home away from home for the next four days. It was the end of April, and five high school friends were meeting in Vegas for a long weekend at the MGM Grand.  

"Tell me about it," Alicia replied with a grin. "It's great to be here!" After an uneventful flight out of Philadelphia and a brief cab ride, at last they were in Sin City on a long-awaited vacation.

"You don't mind bunking with Melissa, right?" Karen wanted to know.

"It's fine -- your comps got us the suite for next to nothing. As far as I'm concerned, you deserve the big bedroom." Then she wanted to know, "Is Mike coming?"

Karen shook her head. "He's with his kids this weekend, otherwise I'd have made him come along ... which is also why I asked for dibs on the single room. Just in case he could join us." She smiled. "I'm dying for some pool time. Wanna go?"

"Of course." Twenty minutes later they had secured two lounge chairs poolside and had drinks in hand. "So," Karen began after drinking some rum and Coke, "This is Peter's last night with his brother, so we might not see him till tomorrow. Will gets in an hour from now, and Melissa can't leave till lunchtime tomorrow."

Alicia nodded in agreement and sipped at her Mai-Tai. The two women sat together in companionable, relaxed silence until Karen said, "Wait till the guys get a load of you in that get-up," referring to the bright purple string bikini Alicia wore.

"You should talk," Alicia replied, indicating the red tankini top with a deep, cleavage-exposing neckline that Karen had chosen. "Your tits are about to burst out of that thing!"

"And you, my dear, are practically naked." They laughed, and then Karen said, "I'm going to tease the guys with something." She picked up her iPhone, said "Smile for the camera," and snapped a photo. "Look what's waiting for you poolside," she recited as she tapped out a message.

"One good turn deserves another," Alicia giggled, as she retrieved her BlackBerry and followed suit. "I'll send the same message."

Forty-five minutes and a few drinks later, Karen murmured, "Well, well, well," then called out, "I thought we weren't going to see you till tomorrow." Alicia turned to see to whom Karen was speaking—Peter was approaching them, drink in hand.

"My brother left earlier than expected," he replied, as he sat down next to Karen and smiled at Alicia, "so here I am. How was your flight, ladies?"

"Not bad, can't complain," Karen told him. More small talk followed but Alicia did not participate, as she was thinking about things Karen was not necessarily aware of.

Both Peter and Will had already seen the purple bikini as Alicia had previously texted a photo of herself in it to them.

Will and Alicia had been texting each other for almost a year; said texts had gotten overtly sexual in nature, with a more recent one from him saying

"When you get down here, if you ever do, I am going to do things to you that have never been done to you before. I am going to fuck you in places you have never been fucked, and I am going to make you cum and cum and cum till you beg for mercy."

And lastly, Peter and Alicia had been having an affair that had started in the fall, after encountering each other at happy hours with Karen one hot Friday night. It started when Alicia had sat on Peter's lap so Karen could snap a photograph of them, and Peter had gently run his hand along the side of her upper thigh, then along the small of her back ... and she found herself immediately turned on by such a simple caress.

They fucked for the first time the following week, and had gotten together for sex a few times each month since then.

"Hey," Karen said to Alicia, "you ready to get changed for dinner? I'm getting hungry."

"Didn't you want to wait for Will?"

"He texted me. He's at the airport. At baggage claim. Didn't he text you?" Alicia glanced at her BlackBerry and said, "He did. I must not have heard my phone go off ... how much time will you need?"

"Probably an hour. Is that enough time for you?"

"Yep." Alicia glanced at Peter and asked, "Want to meet us in the lobby in an hour and a half or so? That should allow Will time enough to get settled and freshen up after his flight. We'll get dinner and then hit the casino."

"Sounds good. I talked to Will before his plane took off from Miami and gave him my room number, so he'll be all set when he gets here."

"See you then." And with that, Karen and Alicia got up and left the pool area, Karen in the lead, and as Alicia passed Peter she lowered her sunglasses and gave him a lecherous wink and a smile.

*

Three and a half hours later, after a delicious steak dinner at the hotel the four friends parted ways in the casino -- Karen to play blackjack, Will roulette, Peter poker, and Alicia the slots. After about an hour, bored out of her mind and not doing as well as she'd hoped, Alicia cashed in her voucher and set off to find her friends.

She found Karen first at one of the less expensive blackjack tables, a small pile of chips in front of her. "How'd you do?" Karen wanted to know.

"Came out a little ahead ... you?"

"I'm almost at my limit. Can you find the boys and see what's up?"

"Sure." She found Peter next. "I'm almost done here," he informed her, indicating the fairly decent pile of chips in front of him.

"I think Karen is too ... let me go see how Will's doing and we'll take it from there." She set off to find Will who had the best night of them all. "It certainly was your lucky night, I see," she laughed as she approached him.

"I'm ready to pack it in," Will replied. "I think my luck's run out." He handed a few chips to the croupier, announced, "I'm done. Thank you," and started placing his chips in the trays by his elbow.

After everyone cashed in, Will announced, "I'm thirsty. Drinks are on me."

"I think I'll take a rain check," Karen informed the group. "I'm tired and I have a headache; the guy next to me was wearing the most god-awful cologne—he must have bathed in the shit—so if you don't mind I'm going to head upstairs and lie down. Have fun."

"Feel better," Alicia called after Karen as the latter headed for the elevators. "Looks like it's just the three of us, then," she added. She linked arms with Peter and Will and led them to the nearest bar.

*

"So what's next?" Will wanted to know after his large rum and Coke was gone. "I'm too tired to head out but not quite ready for bed."

"Same here," Alicia replied. "I got some sleep on the plane because of the early start this morning."

Peter shrugged and said, "I'm easy ... doesn't matter to me."

"Well, I've got to hit the gents," Will told them. "Why don't you two have a meeting of the mind, and we can discuss upon my return." With that, he left the table, and Peter immediately slid closer to Alicia and started stroking her arm, making her gasp with delight. "If this is the only time we're going to be left alone on this trip—when we're in public—there's going to be a big problem," he murmured softly.

"I know," she told him, smiling broadly as his fingers continued moving delicately over her skin. "But we can't go back to my suite. Karen'd shit a brick if she caught us, you know."

"I know. And Will's with me, so no luck there. Here he comes." Peter moved away from her as Will rejoined them and said, "I thought of something. Why don't we run to the gift shop and get vodka and some mixers, go back to our room and watch TV. Maybe we could get a movie," Peter finished his drink and continued, "That way we don't have to leave the hotel, or spend a ton of money on the honor bar."

"Sounds good," Alicia said. "Why don't we do that, then you guys can head up to your room and I'll stop to check on Karen before joining you."

"She mentioned that you have a suite," Will said. "I've never seen one in a casino before. Mind if I go along and check it out?" Alicia shook her head. "You coming with?" she asked Peter.

He shook his head. "No. So why don't we make a run for booze, you guys can go check on Karen and then come up to the room?"

They agreed and set off on their way.

*

Upstairs in the suite, Will looked around while Alicia used the bathroom after checking on a sleeping Karen. "You're not changing?" he asked when she returned to the sleeping area still in the miniskirt and blouse she'd worn to dinner.

"Why? You want to see me in my jammies?" she teased. He stared hard at her for a moment, and then replied, "I'd prefer silky lingerie. Or nothing at all." With that, he began advancing towards her. "Not here," she murmured, "Karen might—"

"I really don't give a fuck what Karen might do, Alicia." He seized her shoulders, pulled her to him and roughly kissed her, thrusting his tongue between her lips when they parted for him. Shit! Now what? she thought in a panic. I wasn't thinking this weekend! Not with everyone around. And Peter's expecting to fuck me at some point this weekend too ... how am I going to explain this? "Too bad we have to meet Peter upstairs soon," he said when he pulled away from her. "But I really want to throw you down on your bed and fuck your brains out."

"We can't. Not now. Not with Karen in the next room. And Peter—"

"He'll get it. He's a man. He'll understand what the deal is." You might be surprised there, Will, Alicia thought. Because he wants to fuck me as much as you do.

He stared at her for a moment, then extended his hand to her. "Let's go," he commanded. "He'll be wondering what's going on." She took his hand and allowed him to lead her to the door; upon reaching it, he whirled her around, pushed her up against it and kissed her again. "I don't want to wait all fucking weekend," he warned her, "so we're going to have to figure something out. Or there's going to be a problem."

You got that right, Will, she mused.

*

The party was still going strong an hour and a half later with no one quite ready for bedtime, so after finding nothing watchable on television they sat and drank and chatted. And with inhibitions loosened they challenged each other to a game of Truth or Dare (strip poker was not an option given Alicia's inability to play—"you'd have me naked in no time and that's not fair," she complained)—starting with Peter's question of "Have you ever been involved in a threesome? I haven't." Alicia said, "No," and repeated the question to Will; he admitted to a few. "Two chicks?" Peter wanted to know.

"You've already asked your question. Wait your turn," Alicia joked.

The questions continued: Have you ever had anal? (Peter: "No." Alicia: "Oh, good God, no." Will: "A couple times.") Do you like rough sex? (Peter: "No, not really." Alicia: "Sometimes. It's fun." Will: "It is fun, but I much prefer to finesse a woman by taking my time.")

Then again it was Alicia's turn, and impulsively she asked for a dare. She waited for someone to speak, and it seemed an eternity until Peter said, "Kiss me." She glanced at both of them, then crawled across the floor to where he was seated and kissed him on the cheek. "Not like that," Peter ordered. "On the mouth. Like you mean it." She then knelt in front of him, took his face in her hands and kissed him; he responded eagerly by thrusting his tongue into her mouth and caressing her tongue with his. They remained kissing this way for some time until Peter said, "That's enough. Your turn, Will."

"Kiss me the way you kissed Peter," was Will's dare, and she complied, shuddering as his hands closed on her upper arms.

The next two requests from the guys were Truth, so Alicia asked Will, "Did you like that?" He answered, "Yes, I did." She repeated the question to Peter, who also replied in the affirmative. Then she asked another question: "Is this going to be my first threesome? And Peter's?" to which Peter said, "I think I'd like that," while Will said, "If it's all right with you two. We'll back out whenever you feel uncomfortable."

"I'm calling the shots, though," she replied, and as the men nodded silently she rose to her feet and moved to stand in the middle of the room. "Truth or dare, Will?"

"Dare."

"Come over here and get in front of me. Peter?"

"Dare."

"Come over here and get behind me." When they had done as she told them, she asked, "Another dare, Will?"

"Yes."

"Finesse me the way you claim you like to finesse a woman. You get the top half. Peter, you get the bottom half." And with that, she stopped talking and let them get to work.

Will's hands rose to the front of Alicia's blouse; placing them palm down on her chest he started rubbing her tits in a circular motion, and he smiled as she inhaled deeply. "That feel good, baby?" he asked, and she nodded. "Want me to keep going?"

"Please," she murmured. He leaned down and kissed her on the mouth, smiling as her tongue squirmed between his lips and licked at his teeth. His long, slender fingers moved to the topmost button of her blouse and undid it; he repeated this process until her blouse was completely open, revealing a lacy lavender bra. "Very sexy," he murmured against her hair, and she giggled softly. He removed her top, and tossed it onto a nearby chair; her bra soon followed, and after that his hands moved to stroke her tits as he kissed her again.

As Will began his sensual assault of Alicia topside, Peter lifted the hair off the base of her neck, brushed it aside, and started kissing and licking the sensitive skin there as he ran his hands up and down her hips. Then he knelt down behind her and slowly ran his tongue from the back of her right knee along the length of her slender thigh, over her right ass cheek to the waistband of her thong; this he repeated on her left leg. He kissed the triangle of cloth covering the cleft of her ass, then gripped the waistband of her thong and slowly tugged it down her legs. When she felt his hand stroke her left ankle she lifted her foot so he could move the flimsy bit of lavender cloth out of the way. He ran his tongue slowly back up her left leg, gave her ass a quick kiss when he reached it, and said, "Spread your legs for me."

This she did, and she moaned loudly when she felt his fingers spreading her apart, then she cried out when his hot tongue began probing her pussy. He slid it languidly in and out for a minute or two, then positioned his head to lap at her clit. Will took a break in the action to look at Alicia's face, which was contorted with lust at what the two men were doing to her. "You should see her face," he informed Peter with a laugh, "she's really loving this."

"I am," she murmured. "I am, I really am, I never thought I would ..."

Alicia imagined the scene as someone walking in would see it: herself standing there topless, groaning with pleasure, with a lavender thong around her right ankle. Will's mouth clamped alternately to her tits or her mouth, sucking ardently, while, Peter's head was completely up her skirt, licking from her clit to her pussy, where he paused briefly to dip his tongue inside, making her squeal each time he did so. This vision, combined with the feel of their mouths and hands on her, soon drove her to the brink but all she could do was whimper incoherently; luckily Will felt her knees start to buckle, and he held her as she came violently on Peter's face.

After one final shudder, she opened her eyes to look into Will's, and smiled. "That was ... intense," she breathed. She kissed Will, then turned to kiss Peter. They stood there quietly until Alicia regained her senses, then with a cocky grin she wanted to know, "So, fellows ... on to Act 2?" Without waiting for a reply, she kicked aside her thong, removed her skirt, and moved to lie down on Peter's bed. "Who's first?" she wanted to know.

"It's your bed, dude," Will joked, so without further prompting Peter quickly stripped and joined Alicia on the bed. When he did so, she eagerly grabbed his cock and started stroking it eagerly—she much preferred to blow him but his head was too thick for her to take into her mouth without gagging most of the time—and once he was hard he rolled her onto her back, roughly nudged her legs apart, and drove himself into her hot and still extremely wet pussy. As Peter drove his shaft in and out of her, causing her to shriek every time he pushed inside her, Alicia watched Will swiftly shed his clothes to reveal an athletic body and one very nice and meaty cock; this he began pumping as he watched the couple fucking on the bed. "Wait," she said to Peter, "this isn't quite fair to Will, is it?" She pushed Peter off of her, rolled over and crawled closer to where Will stood. "Come here," she told him. She gently took hold of his cock, said, "You can fuck my face while Peter fucks my cunt," then placed it between her lips. She gasped when she felt Peter re-enter her, and each forward stroke of his pushed her mouth further down the length of Will's shaft, a perfect fit in her mouth.

Peter's hands moved to seize her hips, while Will took Alicia's face in his hands to better hold it steady; he sharply inhaled when a deep thrust from Peter drove Alicia's face so far forward Will felt the tip of his cock touch the back of Alicia's throat; she was definitely taking it like a trooper. "You're so fucking hot," she heard Will say. "Isn't she fucking hot?" he asked Peter.

"She sure is ... you should feel how tight and wet her pussy is ... you can tell she's loving it. You love this, don't you, baby?" As her mouth was otherwise occupied, all she could manage was a mangled "uh huh."

After ten energetic minutes of driving himself deeply into Alicia's pussy, Peter groaned "I'm coming," and shot his load deep inside her.

"I'm not there yet," Will informed them. "Keep holding her hips like that." He paused a beat, allowing Alicia to eagerly lap the tip of his cock, then he resumed driving it in and out of her mouth, loving the feel of her tongue sliding up and down its length and her lips eagerly sucking ... then he too came inside her mouth, causing her to make a small gagging sound as his load spurted down her throat.

Once they'd all recovered, they took turns cleaning each other up—first Will and Alicia soaped each other up in the shower, then Alicia gently scrubbed Peter clean—the three lay down, Alicia in the middle, cuddled up against Peter, Will's hand on her hip.

*

When Alicia awoke later that morning, she found herself curled up against Peter in his bed; Will, for his part had moved to his bed sometime in the night. She looked at the clock—it was almost seven in the morning—and she had no idea what she would tell Karen if Karen were awake and waiting in the room for her. She knew the first words out of Karen's mouth would be "Where the fuck were you?"

She carefully crept out of bed, wincing as she bumped the set of drawers between the men's beds, then quickly found her discarded clothing and got dressed. As she passed the desk she hesitated for a moment; with an impish grin she opened the desk drawer for a sheet of hotel stationery. She grabbed a pen, scribbled a quick note, and left.

With a sigh of relief she entered her room and found it dark; after another quick check to ensure that Karen was asleep, Alicia put on her pajamas and got into bed, carnal thoughts of what had transpired earlier playing through her mind, lulling her to sleep with a smile on her face.

*

When Will woke up it was going on eight-fifteen; after a minute of looking blearily around the room he realized that Alicia was gone. He briefly considered going for a morning jog, then decided against it, as he was a bit exhausted from the night's festivities. Hungover too, he thought with a snicker. He opted to lie quietly in bed with a glass of juice until Peter woke up and they could decide on breakfast. As he got up and walked to the ice bucket, he saw a sheet of paper propped up against the desk lamp. A lustful grin spread slowly across his face as he read what Alicia had written.
