 A Day at the Beach

It was a beautiful Saturday morning. A perfect day for the beach. I gathered my beach stuff and my camera and drove the ten miles to the local pier. The beach there is wide and has space for several volleyball courts and plenty of space for sunbathing. There is a state university less than a mile from the beach and coeds frequently come to the beach on weekends. Especially on beautiful weekend Saturdays.

I'm not a professional photographer, just an amateur who uses my camera to get women naked. It works well and I have quite a collection of photos. I mostly use the photos to jack off but I think about starting a web site or submitting photos to existing web sites so I am sure to get releases from any women who pose for me. I picked up the basic wording from some web sites that accept uploaded photos. The releases basically say: 

- The model is over 18.

- The model acknowledges that photos of her nude body and all its parts will be taken, including breasts, nipples, exterior genitals, interior genitals (clit, labia, urethra, vagina and cervix).

- The model waives any right to restrict the parts to be photographed.

- The model allows the photographer to touch, with hands, any body part including breasts, nipples, exterior genitals, interior genitals to arrange pose for photos (this is my favorite part).

- The model allows (or denies) photographer full publication rights on internet, in print or for sale.

- The model accepts specific fees for her services (the form has blanks to provide actual amounts).

As I parked I noticed a group of great looking bodies all in identical, blue and green bikinis. "I'll have to look them up," I thought as I searched for a parking place. I ended up about a half mile from the beach. Walking to the beach I saw several groups of 7 to 10 great bodies in groups wearing identical bikinis. I am used to seeing groups of 2 to 4 great looking coeds at the beach but groups of over a half dozen are rare, especially without an equal number of guys. Something was going on. I was glad I had my camera.

I arrived at the beach and walked onto the sand. It wasn't real crowded for a beautiful Saturday. Where were all those women? I looked over to the volleyball area and saw that the courts were almost all in use with those great looking bodies in bikinis either playing or standing and watching. There was an open tent up by the sidewalk with the call letters and nickname of a local rock station emblazoned on the top. Some kind of women's volleyball tournament was taking place.

I walked along the sidewalk looking over the low barrier at the beach. Up ahead a team was conferring together and before I got to them they went off to one of the courts. I looked down and there was an hourglass figure in a tiny bikini lying on her stomach with her round ass sticking up with a hint of butt crack and ringlets of long, light brown hair over her shoulders.

She looked quite pale and I wondered whether she was part of a team. "Hey beautiful, don't you worry about sunburn," I yelled down. She turned around and looked up. As is often the case her face wasn't a complete match for the body. She wasn't bad looking but her nose was large and her eyes a bit too close together. They were a beautiful color with rings of hazel and brown. She had the back of her top untied and held the top to her modest sized breasts with her arm. "Yes, you," I said to her, "You can burn if you lie around like that too long."

"I'm well covered with sun screen," she said, dismissively, and turned to lie back down.

"Would you mind if I take some photos?" I asked.

"Photos of what? The beach -- go right ahead." she said and lay on her stomach.

"Of, you, smartass," I joked at her. "You have a fabulous figure."

"You tell that to all the women on the beach," she said without looking. "Feel free to take pictures of my back and rear."

"I will," I said snapping one off. "I only say that to the women with fabulous figures. The others I just ignore."

She made a slight giggle.

"Well there," I said, "two pics of your back, two of your butt and one of your great looking hair. Are you sure you won't let me have a few of the front? It's probably more interesting and you don't even need to put your top on."

"Why would it be more interesting?" she asked with her face still in her towel.

"Well, I suspect it has breasts, those are always interesting, and a navel. I can answer the eternal question, 'innie ' or 'outre'. hair is nice but faces are better and always unique, especially the eyes. From the short glimpse I had, yours are very lovely."

She giggled again. "You say that to all the women," she repeated.

I repeated my answer, "only those with fabulous figures."

She turned over, "Okay, you win, shoot away."

She kept her top over her breasts and I took several pictures, including a couple close ups of her eyes. She momentarily forgot that her top wasn't tied in back and one side came loose. I got a quick shot of a nice pink aureole with a slightly erect nipple. "Oops," I said, smiling, " feel free to do that again."

She blushed and reached back to tie the top in place.

"So are you here with any volleyball players?" I asked.

"Yes, I'm, . . . I was on a team," she said.

"Then why are you lying over here?" I asked.

"I sprained my ankle in practice, I can barely walk on it." she held up her right ankle.

"Doesn't look too bad to me. Can I look at it?"

"Are you a doctor something?" she asked.

"No, I know nothing about ankles, I'd just like a closer look." I told her.

She laughed lightly. "Go ahead, take a picture of it," she said lifting a lovely but somewhat skinny leg. I took some photos of it and her now exposed crotch.

I walked around to the stairway down to the beach and went over to her. "How old are you?" I asked.

"19," she replied.

"Would you be interested in posing nude for me?" I asked her.

She said nothing but looked startled.

"I'm sorry," I said. "You don't need to answer. By the way, where is the rest of your team?"

She pointed to one of the courts and told me her team was on the left side. They were all great looking. "Well if any of your teammates want to pose nude, here is my cell phone number," I handed her one of the photographer business cards I had made up.

She found her voice, "If I pose nude for you what will that require?"

"Well, I have a motel room up the beach and you will need to come there. I will pose you on the bed as you remove your clothes and then take pictures of your naked body." I didn't have a motel room but I would get one if she or one of her teammates wanted to come by.

"Oh, maybe that would be exciting," she said. "What will you do with the pictures?"

"That depends, I will have you sign a release form that tells me what you will allow," I told her. "Depending on what you are willing to allow me to do with them I could put them on the web, sell them to a magazine or web site or just keep them for my personal enjoyment."

"Oh, for you to masturbate with?" she asked.

"Well, if you want to be blunt about it." I admitted.

"That gives me a thrill, just thinking about it," she told me. "Would you pay me?"

"Well, if you are willing to allow me to put them on the web or sell them then yes," I said. "Probably not if I can only use them to masturbate."

"How much?" She asked.

"How about 5% of anything I get from selling them and $20 for each picture I post on the internet," I lowballed.

"If you sell them where would they go?" she asked.

"They could be anywhere, mostly men's magazines, popular web sites."

"Well if my parents or guys at school or guys I meet later in life might see them I think I need more than what you are offering."

"So what do you think would be reasonable?"

"$2500 for each picture, each time posted," she said. And I think maybe $100 for each download. and at least 75% of any cash when you sell anything with a minimum of $1000 for each item sold. And I think I'm worth $1000 for you to masturbate over."

"Whoa!" I exclaimed. "No way I am going to give you that much."

"No cash, no naked Sandy," she said.

"Okay," I told her. "Call me if you change your mind. And let your teammates know of my offer."

"Hey," she yelled after me. I turned around as she hobbled over to me. "Maybe I will pose for you, but you need to offer better terms."

I walked back, "Okay, how about 25% of what I get from selling them and $200 for each picture I post on the internet. I don't get anything extra for downloads so I can't offer you anything for those. but I will pay a minimum $100 for you posing no matter what I do with the pictures. Take it or leave it. I think I can find a few women out there," I gestured at the volleyball courts, "who will do it for less and I can only handle a half dozen or so women in an evening."

We haggled a bit over terms and she concluded the conversation, saying, "I'll think about it," and went back to her towel.

I went out and took pictures of the women playing volleyball and then went around the beach getting a few pictures of others and offering to photograph them nude. I got no takers.

On my way back to my car my cell phone rang. It was "Sandy" accepting my offer. "Can I bring some of my team along too?" she asked.

"Sure," I said. "Come by at 3:00."

At the Girls' Home

I quickly went to a motel I had used for photography sessions before and got a room for the night. I called Sandy back and told her the motel name and room number. Then I spent time setting up for a photo shoot -- setting up my two lighting umbrellas, putting a plain colored sheet over the bed and setting up a camera tripod. I put a half dozen of my release forms on the dresser near the door. I filled one release form in with the payments I had offered to Sandy.

I went to lunch and returned to the room at 2:45. Sandy and the other 9 woman from her volleyball team were there waiting for me. "You're early," I said.

Then I told them that I couldn't photograph them all. "There's only space for one of you at a time and it will take me at least an hour each and I would like two hours. If you want I can take four or five of you tonight and then the others tomorrow starting early in the morning."

One of the girls said, "How about coming by our place?" Others agreed with the idea.

"Your place?" I asked. "How would that help?"

"We all live in a large house we rent together," Sandy said. "We have five bedrooms and a big living/party area. Even a pool out back."

Another girl chimed in, "we could all be there and you could take pictures as you want."

A third said, "You could stay all night and tomorrow too so we would have plenty of time."

I stopped them, "I can't just take pictures. To get good ones I need good lighting." I opened the door to the motel room and showed them the lighting umbrellas. "That's why most amateur photos don't look so good. They just use a flash and so closer items are overexposed and those farther away are underexposed. I would need to set these up and still wouldn't be able to take pictures of more than one at a time."

I thought a bit and then said, "of course, at your place we would have more time and everyone could be ready to pose and have photos so things could go quickly. And tomorrow, outdoors there will be plenty of light for action. Pool shots are always nice. Are the yard and pool private or can neighbors see in?"

They all chimed in: "It's plenty private," "Otherwise some of the neighbors would be looking at us sunbathing all the time," "Most of us sunbath topless," "And nude too."

I consented, "Okay, if you want I will come to your place to take photos." I grabbed the releases and handed them out. "You must all fill these out. Here is one filled in for the agreement I think I have with Sandy. Since I will be taking pictures of all of you without closely watching who is in each picture I will need you all to fill them out identically. Note too that the payment is per picture not per person so if three of you are in a picture you will each get only a third of the amount you would get in a photo of just one of you. Before you leave I would like to get a picture of your drivers License and a photo of each of you holding a sign with your name. Later that will allow me to match names and photos."

I gave them each a blank sheet of paper and passed out a marker for the names. "Come in. Since you didn't sign a release I won't be able to use these for anything other than identification. Also please leave tops and clothes on. I don't want any nudity until after I have the releases."

As I was taking the individual identification photos I thought of one other item, "Please put today and tomorrow's dates on the release, not just today's date."

After they left I packed up the lights and tripods and cameras and drove to the house. It was in a very nice area and well kept up. "These gals must come from wealthy families," I thought. I knocked and they let me in. Most of them were already undressed.

"We're ready," several of them said.

"I hoped to get photos of you dressed and undressing, hopefully wearing really sexy underwear," I said. "If you could go and put on your sexiest clothing and then let's see what we can do."

I set up my lighting in one corner of the huge room. They came down and I asked for all the release forms. I checked each against the drivers licenses. A couple needed to be done over but soon we were all set.

Their ages ranged from 19 to 23. "Are you students?" I asked. They all were.

I asked the women to take turns disrobing in front of the camera while I clicked away. I told them to start by using whatever poses they thought were sexiest. Most of them did really well, disrobing slowly, and turning around in their underwear. All had very sexy underwear, about half were so sheer you could see their nipples and cunts through the cloth. They removed their bras showing their breasts one at a time before pulling them off and pulled the panties off carefully, showing their emerging cunt to the camera.

To keep the girls comfortable while I am taking pictures I asked them about themselves and found they had a variety of majors: education, history, sociology, communications, business. One was a math major and another in chemistry. I asked what they planned to do after school and found few of them were sure even though two were seniors and would be graduating in only a few months.

After each was completely naked I asked them to pose however they wished. Most did some good posing, showing front and back and spreading their legs for me to get good pussy shots.

A couple of girls went over the top, spreading their butt cheeks and vaginal lips, pulling the panties up into their slits, massaging their breasts. I asked all the girls to do a little of that next time around.

After each finished I would make a little critique and tell them what I would like to see them do next time. After each finished they got dressed while I shot the others and then we did a second run through.

Midway through that second run through, the girls who had finished and had been sitting around naked attacked me.

They swarmed me from the back and got me face up on the floor. They took the camera from me and began removing my clothes. "You've seen us, we want to see you," they chanted. My shirt and pants went quickly. I tried to hold my briefs on but then relented. "Why not? who knows what this might lead to," I thought.

My cock was half erect and one of the girls started stroking it and it quickly grew to full size. "Let's each suck him." someone said. "Then let's each fuck him," another said. They began repeating the chant, "Suck him, Fuck him," taking turns sucking on my cock.

"How about I finish photographing all of you first," I pleaded. "I'll stay naked and then I'll submit to your wishes."

A couple of the women agreed and succeeded in getting me free so I could complete the photo shoot. I handed one of them a spare camera (I had four with me) and told her to share it with the others and take pictures of whatever they wanted. The first thing she did was to lie in front of me and take closeups of my dick and balls. One of the others came over and held my balls and stroked my dick as she took more close-ups. Then they started taking pictures of each other. I tried to keep my concentration on the one disrobing for me but the giggling forced me to take peeks behind. There were a lot of extreme close-ups of spread pussies being taken. As I was photographing the last woman disrobing I saw they were taking pictures of everything imaginable being pushed into vaginas.

Reverse Gang Bang

"I'm done," I said, "What do you want me to do now?"

"Can we have another camera?" one of them asked and I obliged.

"Put yours down," someone said, "We'll take the pictures for the rest of the night."

They told me to lie down in front of the lighting umbrellas and then took turns sitting on my cock and face, demanding I lick their clits and finger inside their vaginas. I gladly complied as those not otherwise engaged took pictures from all angles.

I was overwhelmed. At all times there was a cunt in my face to lick, a cunt engulfing my cock, a cunt to be fingered at my right hand and a breast to be massaged at my left. I was pretty sure a cunt was massaging my left foot and a breast was rubbing at my right foot. the cunt at my face made it impossible to see exactly what was going on but camera flashes went off frequently.

Every few seconds they rotated positions. My cock was freed of one cunt and immediately engulfed by another, the women at my hands and feet were changed and I had a quick view of a pussy moving away from my face and another approaching.

There were so many different boobs and cunts in many varieties. One girl had huge boobs and another had very small ones but with big, hard, erect nipples that were a joy to roll between my fingers. There were two or three with handful sized boobs and a bunch of good sized but not large ones. Each pair was different in size with differing nipple sizes and hardness. A couple were pierced, one with rings and the other pierced with bars. I wished I could see them.

The cunts I did get good looks at. Some were covered with very bushy and thick pubic hair obscuring the parts behind, others had very light or thin hair through which every detail could be seen. All had been shaved for bikinis and none were completely shaved. A couple had been shaved to thin strips of hair and all the hair around the labia had been shaved, those were my favorites.

There were "clam" cunts with only the slit visible and large enclosing outer labia. Some of the outer lips were large and fleshy, others were small and thin. Most were smooth but a couple had folds along the sides. One set of labia was pierced with a ring.

There were cunts with visible clitoral hoods and cunts with various amounts of inner lips protruding. As I fondled the labia they increased in size and more of them protruded. Even the clam cunts had protruding inner lips and some of the cunts were opened with the labia spread so when they were straddling my face I could see into the vagina. Two had strings extending out. I pulled at one sting and had my hand slapped immediately, "the tampon stays in!" I felt my face redden.

Small clits and bigger clits, most clearly visible because their excitement level was up. All hard to the touch and, from the sounds of their owners, sensitive to my tongue. One was pierced with a ring.

I didn't push inside the two where I felt a string but all the others were wet and fully lubricated inside. I had difficulty getting two fingers in several but two could take my entire hand without a problem. In some I reached the cervix with only half my fingers in. One I had to really push in to feel the cervix. Most cervixes were round with a prominent dimple in the center but some were conical and I could feel no obvious uterus opening in a couple of others.
