 Chapter 1

The phone rang at Lily's desk and she held her breath, hoping that it was her new client from the South. She loved talking to Jack as his deep southern voice made her forget her worries for the day. Being alone in her office helped too as she often times closed the door and looked out the window while discussing bras and panties with him. Today an hour long call was scheduled because the new summer line had come in and there were many ideas that she wanted discuss with Jack. His store called "Tops and Bottoms" was the latest fashionable place to be in Atlanta and Lily wanted it to expand and become a franchise. Her line of lingerie had been a feature in the trendy adult store since it opened one year ago and everything was selling like hotcakes.

"Hello, this is Lily." She nervously gripped the phone.

"Hi Lily, this is Jack." Lily crossed her legs involuntarily as Jack's voice sent shivers through her tummy. She'd heard about phone sex and wondered if it had anything to do with the tone of a man's voice. 

"Jack, glad you could make the call. Listen, I'd like to discuss what ideas you have for the summer collection. You had mentioned a new display area in your shop."

Letting Jack take over the conversation meant that Lily could lean back and absorb his words. As usual her panties became wet even though he was only discussing lingerie. Something about the way he said "bras" and "panties" and "thongs" just made her tingle. She wondered....should she touch herself? Many times over the past several months, Lily had heard Jack say the most erotic things and wondered if he realized the effect he had on her. She knew for a fact that when she had explained how her bras actually fit, Jack had gone very quiet and she was desperate to know his thoughts at that time. Lily realized she had a sultry voice and used it to her full advantage when making a sale to a male shop owner. It was business after all.

Jack asked Lily a few questions and then began to discuss how her satin, silken, and lace wares would fit the models. His descriptions of the models started to make Lily's head swim, especially when he talked about the more delicate areas, be they male or female. For the ladies he seemed to emphasize how he wanted the breasts to almost spill out of the bra while the nipple remained hidden in the cloth, taunting the customer to touch the skin and therefore buy his product. Jack's idea for the males was to have the thongs so tight that even the head of the cock could be distinguished from the longer shaft areas. He was driving her insane!

On a whim, she had shut her door before the phone rang and was now very glad she did. With her headset on tight, she pushed her skirt out of the way and slid her hand up to her drenched panties and pushed them aside. Jack's voice was getting even huskier now and she knew she had to watch her breathing or he'd stop talking and ask if she was there, and she would not be able to speak.

Slowly she began to slide her fingers back and forth in her pussy, smearing the precum around her vaginal lips as well as surrounding her clit. Her eyes fluttered and she carefully kept her moans in check as she listened to the man with the silver voice. Every so often she'd mutter a "good idea" or "sounds great" to keep him occupied...but her hands were beginning to take on a mind of their own. She was slowly losing control.

Chapter 2

Jack dialed the number, his suntanned face bore a smile, his pants bore the commencement of an erection. He knew that Lily would be there, he hoped that her voice would be as clear as it usually was. The soft Northern voice of hers always caused the stirring in his pants. He smiled, one hour of her voice. Could he hold out? Could he wait to stroke his growing cock? He doubted it, doubted it very much.

The sun shone through his office window, a window that overlooked his store, 'Tops and Bottoms', a store that dealt with the higher income bracket of Atlanta. He loved to purvey over his empire, an empire that was growing, and this was enhanced by the availability of Lily's lingerie, the quality superb, the designs, sexual, raunchy and at times, damned hot. How he enjoyed watching the young and not so young, women shop. How he loved to watch them select, hold close to themselves, how he imagined their bodies dressed in such attire.

The telephone rang, 3 rings and he heard the voice, her voice. The smile on his face grew. As did the bulge in his pants. Hearing her greeting seemed to encourage that growth. She had been able to affect him from the outset, especially when she gave a detailed description of just how the brassieres fitted, how quiet he had gone that day, so unusual for him, but the ache between his legs was just too much, he needed all his self control to stop him from unzipping his pants, stop himself from taking his cock out and stroking there and then. Today was to be no different, none at all. That ache was back, that throbbing was back. Her voice was back, her voice was doing it.

He asked Lily a few questions, how he saw the models, both genders, dressed in her satin, silk and lace lingerie. How he saw the male models wearing her thongs, thongs that were so tight, so small, so damn near sheer with every outline visible, the heads of their cocks visible, the veins, the hardness, all outlines visible. He told her just how he saw the female models. His cock was now throbbing, an ache, he felt his hand dropping to his groin, his fingers taking hold of himself as he told Lily how he wanted to outfits to be just as translucent, just as tight, he wanted the brassieres to fit, just fit, he wanted to see the nipples to be protruding through the material whilst the breasts overflow. The female thongs to fit tight. He emphasized the word 'tight'. He wanted their lips to be visible, the material to dig into them. He stopped talking, realized that Lily was purely listening to his voice, he wanted to hear hers, he wanted to be able to unzip himself, release the straining cock from it's confines. Her answers to his questions of 'How does that sound to you?' were met with either 'good idea or sounds great'. He wanted her to talk more to him, he wanted to hear her sultry voice. 'Damn' he thought as the throbbing grew too much. The images of her, the images of the models wearing her designs. He wondered if she modeled them in the infancy stages, where did she get her ideas from? Was she how she sounded? Was she as horny as she sounded? What did she look like? What would she look like in those thongs, in those brassieres? 

He unzipped his pants, reached inside, grasped his erection, felt the head throbbing. Listening for her voice as he squeezed his shaft, tightly, causing the tip of his cock to grow purple. He needed to stroke, but was afraid she would overhear him doing that, afraid that she would hear him and slam the phone down. He had to be quiet, calm as he could be, all the time, his cock would be aching, virtually pleading for her mouth.

As she talked, his cock throbbed more, he needed to stroke. He had to stroke. He needed it, he needed to cum. He struggled to maintain his steady breathing.

Chapter 3

Suddenly someone knocked on Lily's door. She shoved her skirt down and whirled around. Telling Jack to hold a minute, she straightened her clothing and kept her hand below the desk. She cleared her throat and said huskily, "Come in". Melanie her secretary opened the door and gave her a funny look while placing some papers on her desk.

"You ok?" the secretary asked. "You look a little flushed and well....flushed."

"I'm fine, just a little warm in here." Her secretary was known to like ladies as well as the men and Lily had always found her more than competent. The fact that she was staring at Lily's chest made Lily realize that her tightknit sweater was a bit too revealing.

"I can turn down the thermostat if you like." She smiled brightly at Lily but Lily only wanted to get rid of her so she could return Jack.

"No that's ok. Just see that I'm not interrupted again." Lily gave a quick smile and reached for the phone, hoping the secretary got the hint. She did and walked out, closing the door softly behind her. Lily reached for the button to take Jack off hold. (get it? Jack off? :)

"Sorry about that Jack." 

"I understand. And I had a few moments to um...think. I was wondering Lily, why did you decide to design lingerie? Your brochure contains so many facts about your line but I want to know where your ideas spring from. Could you digress a bit? You're very interesting to me and I'd like to hear more about your original plan."

Lily was thoughtful for a minute and then decided to tell Jack the entire story. Putting aside her pleasurable thoughts she went into a detailed description.

"I was a senior in college and making ends meet by working as an asst. manager at a ladies clothing store. My boss gave me as well as three other females, an invitation to model at a businessmen's luncheon. The pay for that one show would be enough to cover my last semester's tuition. It didn't take me long to eagerly accept the job.

The day arrived and myself and the others met at the lounge. There was a dressing room all prepared for us and several changes of clothing. The material was pure heaven and the lace was woven like a spider web. We were young and looking forward to the reactions we would get not to mention the big check that had already been handed to us."

As Lily thought about how to describe her outfit, she decided to just bite the bullet and continue. Thoughts of how much revenue Tops and Bottoms would produce kind of flew out the window as she strove to hear Jack's voice. She heard labored breathing and realized that her words and voice were getting to him. Rather than be a prude and hang up, she decided to tantalize him with images of that day. 

"The first item I wore was a long silk nightie. It was made of deep blue lace and very low-cut. I had been sunbathing that summer and my body was almost a solid caramel brown. However I did not sunbathe in the nude, one can't do that where I live. So my full breasts filled out the top of the nightie, with just a hint of paleness at the laced edges. They bounced just enough with every step to show the white skin at the edges around the top. I went out to the lounge area where the men were, and began to walk down the aisle. Interestingly enough we were asked to be in our bare feet rather than high heels. This was more for sensuality than naughty. So there I was, padding down the carpeted aisle parallel with the men's tables. The laced nightie was quite sheer and if you looked carefully you could see the outline of my nipples which were rapidly hardening. The feel of the silk against my breasts was very erotic to me and coupled with the music that was playing, well, I began to feel quite seductive. I must admit to swaying a bit more than was needed. I walked towards the end and turned around, glancing around at the men. Some eyes were focused on my face, and some on my body. I allowed my hands to run over myself as if to feel the material, and I heard a moan. I looked in that direction and the gentleman quickly stifled it with a cough, but not before I realized how sensual a woman can be. I smiled softly and slowly walked back down the aisle. My hands went to the back of my neck and lifted my dark blond locks as the music played on. You could have heard a pin drop at the end. It was then that I knew I had to design these erotic clothes for a living. They felt so wonderful to wear that I knew the ladies that bought them like myself, would be able to make any man swoon. That's why your store is so important Jack. These items can't sell themselves, they need the right atmosphere and I believe you can provide that."

Lily stopped talking then and quickly sipped a drink of water. She waited for Jack to say something.

"Jack...Jack are you there?"

Chapter 4

Jack sat there, his cock firm, hard. His fingers closed around it. Her voice was mesmerizing him, his libido. He heard her telling him to hold on a minute, the phone went quiet. He sighed as he laid back in his large black leather chair, his cock in his hand, squeezing it, stroking it.

Unbuckling his belt, undoing the top clasp, he parted his pants. Taking advantage of the quietness, he slipped his pants down, down to his ankles. His boxer shorts followed. He sat there holding his cock, his strong thigh muscles tight. The images of her flashing through his mind, the images of her breasts, thighs, legs, the pussy. 

Her voice brought his mind back to the present. It startled him slightly, he was deep in thought, idly stroking, squeezing his shaft, his thick shaft. "That's okay Lily" he said to her as she apologized for having him on hold. "I understand, it gave me a few moments to ermmm think. I was wondering why you decided to start your design business. I was looking through the brochure the other day and there are so many facts in there and I guess I got to wondering where the ideas sprung from."

While he was saying this, his cock throbbed, recalling the lines in the brochure, the models, the way the nipples always were visible, the way the breasts were uplifted by the brassieres, taut pert breasts, unhindered breasts clearly visible under the sheer material. He asked her how the original plan came to her, telling her that she was interesting to him and that he would love to hear more of her, of her start, of her thoughts on designs.

Jack sat back on his chair, waiting, perusing, stroking. The phone went silent for a moment, he thought that he had asked too much, spoke too much, wanted too much. He felt a tinge of embarrassment at his questions, but he could not help it, he needed to know, wanted to dig into her past, into her mind, but more than that, he wanted time to relax, hear her voice, stroke the throbbing cock in his hand. She spoke, he smiled as he heard the silence broken. 

Putting the telephone on to the speaker mode, he placed the receiver on his large deep mahogany desk, leaving him with free hands, an unrestricted access. 

As Lily went on to tell him how she started, how she walked down and around the carpeted floor, barefoot. How she told him of how her nipples hardened, her tanned body, tanned breasts. The images of her became clearer, she was being very descriptive, her dark blond hair, her full breasts. The images built in his mind as he began to stroke his hard cock, as he cupped his shaved balls, rolling them, cupping them. His hand speed increased as she went on to tell him about the way she felt, the way she ran her hands over her full breasts, over the satin material, how she looked at the man, tantalizing him, how she heard the moan as she ran her hands over her body, how she looked at the man upon hearing his moan, the stifled cough. How she sashayed along the carpet, flicking her long dark blond hair as she walked. 

Those images came through strong, very strong. He visualized her walking, the way her nipples stood proud, forming an outline against the soft satin, the way her breasts filled out the top of the nightie, the way she told him of the men's eyes upon her, upon her face, upon her body. The way it affected her, just like the way she affected the men, the way she was affecting him. 

His hand moved faster, he was losing control, his breathing was becoming labored, hard, shallow. His hand moving, blurring speed. He was losing it, he was close, he was ready to explode, he was throbbing. His thigh muscles clenched, his hand squeezing his shaft, so tight as his hand moved up and down the thick length. His eyes were closed, those images, those breasts, those nipples. 

He was almost out of control when he heard a different tone in her voice, she was calling him, calling out his name. He struggled to regain control, his cock was throbbing, the precum oozing out of the slit, coating his angry purple head. He needed the relief, he needed to cum. Struggling, he picked up the telephone, his cock literally throbbing, the precum oozing out. 

He took a deep breath. "Yes Lily, I am here". He hoped, he prayed that his shaking voice didn't come over to her, or his breathing. He hoped he sounded normal.

Chapter 5

Lily heard Jack pick up the phone and realized that she had been on his speaker phone. For a brief moment she was horrified to think that perhaps he had a friend in the room with him and was toying with her...letting her seduce them with her voice. Then she realized how silly that was. She wasn't arrogant enough to think that she could do that, and even if she could it wouldn't matter if there was another man present. That was a fantasy that she had dwelled on from time to time. She shook her mind free of THAT thought and listened to Jack. 

He quickly explained in a breathless voice that he needed to cut the phone call short due to an emergency. Lily smiled to herself, hoping that perhaps the "emergency" had been due to her. She was beginning to like this client, maybe too much in fact. But hey, it was for a good cause right? Jack promised to call back in the morning and quickly hung up. Lily completed her agenda for the day and decided to head home early. As much fun as it was talking to Jack, she had become quite tense (albeit good tension) and now she wanted to just relax and take a bath.

Arriving home, she threw her purse and keys on the countertop and slipped her high heels off. Part of her job included meeting clients and in order to encourage the sensuality of her clothing, she dressed the part to a certain extent. However at the end of the day she no longer had to worry about decorum and quickly shed her clothes on the way to the bathroom flinging her silk blouse on the couch and slipping off her skirt in the dining room. Her lace stockings were the last to be peeled off and were unceremoniously tossed over a highback chair.

Lily loved the feel of the luxurious carpet against her feet as she padded through the house, turning on lights and putting in a CD. On a whim she decided to light some candles and carried a few into the bath with her. Rather than turn on the lights, she allowed the glow of the candles to luminate the room. The scent of jasmine permeated the air as she started the bath and sprinkled some bubblebath into the water.

Waiting for the water to fill the large tub, Lily perused herself in the bodylength mirror. She wasn't a spring chicken and yet her body did not show many signs of age. Indeed age had improved her shape as her hips were nonexistent during her teenage years but were very shapely now. She turned sideways and her full breasts were deliciously sloped and her backside was nicely curved. She smiled at the thought of a southern gentleman touching that silken body and proceeded to slide into the bath with Jack on her mind. 

Lily loosened her hair and let it tumble down her shoulders. Her body sank deep into the water and the bubbles more than covered her tanned skin. She closed her eyes and let the sound of Enigma take her away as The Principles of Lust echoed through her apartment speakers. It had been a very very long time since she had been as aroused as she was today. And to think it was only from talking to Jack! She blushed to think of meeting him in person and wondered if that would ever happen. While her thoughts drifted to him, her hand slid down her softened body as she rubbed a loofa sponge over herself, allowing the water to drip from her like dew from a petal. She soaped herself while using the cloth to wash the drier skin away. The music began to get to her and she put the sponge aside, sinking into the water and closing her eyes. Her hands moved over her breasts and she smiled to herself as her nipples tightened. Yes indeed it had been a long time. She gently caressed each breast as a lover would and allowed her fingers to slide sensuously over the nipples. The music became more impassioned and Lily moved her hands down to her thighs. The softest place on a woman's body was her inner thighs, and Lily longed to be kissed there. Jack intruded into her thoughts again and her body abruptly twisted in a small jolt of pleasure as her finger circled her clit. As she teased herself, her other finger played with the opening of her pussy. She dare not use a finger on herself as her nails were too long, but she could play...oh could she play. 
