 During the spring semester, I played volleyball in a local co-ed recreational league. I was invited to join by Renee, a former student and player I coached, a sweet girl and an awesome outside hitter who's since become one of my closer friends. Rounding out the team was her boyfriend, Jesse, Rachel, a teammate of Renee's from the college they now attend, and two of Jesse's buds, John and Daniel. With each of the women on our team having played competitively in the past, we did very well throughout the season. Even though I was the only person on the team who wasn't 21 or 22, we all got along nicely. We had a great time playing each week, often leading to drinks and laughs afterward.

Over the summer, I convinced Renee to take her play to another level, and joined the summer beach volleyball league. By the end of the season we were league champs, and it was so fun being able to dig and set for her each week. Toward the beginning of summer, we knew if we were going to do well we needed some practice in getting used to playing with only the other to depend on, signaling, and so on. On a Saturday afternoon that my boyfriend had taken his daughter to his parents' house for the weekend, Renee and I got together with the guys from our spring league, taking them on two-against-three. We practiced, strategized, and played for a couple hours until all five of us were exhausted. We had a really fun time and no one seemed to want it to end, so I invited them over to my place for supper.

Once at home, Renee showered and changed while I served up beers and hard lemonade to the guys on the patio out back. None of the guys had brought a change of clothes, so once Renee joined the gang outside, it was my turn to clean up as well while they started up the grill. After my shower, I felt very comfortable in only a tank-top and denim mini-skirt, with nothing underneath. I brought out steaks and sweet corn to roast on the grill, and we sat, cooked, talked, laughed, ate, and drank for another hour together. When the occasional welcomed cool breeze would blow, my nipples would stiffen hard against my top... I had the full attention of Daniel and John when it did, and I smiled slyly to myself when I even spied Jesse trying to not get caught peeking.

After supper, the drinks continued flowing. I was very buzzed and would once in a while slowly uncross and cross my legs à la Sharon Stone in Basic Instinct, knowing full well John and Daniel were looking straight up my mini and right at my pussy. Evening turned into dusk, then dark. The party moved to my living room and we watched a movie together, but even after that, I knew everyone was too drunk to drive home. It was late and I showed Renee and Jesse to my guest room for the night, hugged each of them goodnight, then went to my room.

Once I heard the door close to their room, I immediately slipped out of my clothes. I put on a completely see-through, backless nightgown with a neckline that plummeted to my navel, a sheer green panel over one breast, a pink one over the other, coming together in a purple ankle-length wrap slit clear up to my hip. With the matching sheer purple long-sleeve robe over it, it's the sexiest nightwear I own, and it never fails to make jaws drop. I returned to the living room to the other guys, making sure my lingerie had the desired effect. It did.

After two hours of watching me bounce around in my sport bra and tight shorts, four more of me occasionally exhibiting myself, and now seeing me wearing this, I'm certain they were as turned on as I was. I kissed each of them on the cheek and said I wanted to go to bed. I added, "If you two want to sleep separately, you'll have to fight over who gets the couch and who gets the day bed... but if you don't mind sleeping together, you can join me in my room." I turned with a wink to head down the hallway, and just grinned a few seconds later when I heard their footsteps following after me.

It's not as though the desire was a one-way street at all. Daniel was a very good-looking young man, about six feet tall, with a tanned, slim, athletic body, fairly long blonde hair, and gorgeous blue eyes. John was no less in shape at all, but more muscular, with a broader chest and bigger arms. Contrasting nicely with Daniel, John was a couple inches shorter, with short dark hair and hazel eyes.

Both guys were always fun to be with, but in the six months that I'd known them, neither had made a move toward me... maybe it was because I was older... maybe out of respect for each other in not making things weird amongst the teammates. Rachel, who hadn't joined us that day, is very strictly lesbian and perhaps the guys didn't show anything because they suspected I was after her, instead. Though she and I did fool around a couple times that spring, she really wasn't my type for anything long-term. I just treated the other guys as equals, not showing any favoritism in the least. That policy was about to pay off big-time in a night of friendly, but relatively meaningless, sex... fun as anything can be, without any hindrance of possible commitment looming over. I just wanted to fuck. I knew they did, too.

I took my place on the edge of the middle of my queen-sized bed, encouraging each of them to sit on either side of me. I pushed the outer wrap off my shoulders and felt the sheer garment slide down my arms and fall off behind me. I took turns kissing both of them on their lips, and after a few times back and forth I felt all four of their hands on my body and fondling both of my breasts. As I would kiss one on the mouth, the other would be on my neck. When kissing the other, the first would be down lower. Back and forth it went for a few minutes until the edges of my gown were forced outside both of my tits. I reached up behind my neck, undid the slender clasp, and the front of my nightgown fell into my lap. Leaning back slowly, I soon found myself with my legs dangling off the side of the bed, body propped up by my elbows, and treated to one of my absolute favorite, sexy feelings I know... having both of my breasts sucked on at the same time. I let out a long, deep moan of approval and soaked in the lustful attention.

Daniel reached down across my body and pulled back from the slit in my nighttime, baring my legs completely, and started fingering my pussy. I was already very wet and his finger slid inside me with no effort at all. Both guys kept sucking my tits, John squeezing my left one while nipping with his teeth, and I moaned deliciously as my nipples grew stiff and hard, and I was soaking between my legs.

Daniel slid off the bed and knelt on the floor between my legs. His tongue replaced his finger and he began eating my pussy. His hands glided up my thighs, pressing them apart from the inside and I couldn't help but wiggle my hips and ass while he was licking me. John sucked on my breast a minute longer, then got off the bed, standing to strip. My eyes were glued to his body and his cock, though average in length, was delightfully wide and pretty. As soon as he was naked, he climbed back onto the bed, kneeling toward my face. With a twist of the upper half of my body, I was sucking his cock.

At first I held the base of John's shaft in my hand, gripping it tightly and fucking its head with my mouth. Soon, I released and slid down, cupping loosely over his balls while I kept sucking his cock. I couldn't help but pull my mouth off and aside to let out a loud moan of relief when the tip of Daniel's found its way up to my clit. John leaned forward, though, and my mouth was again filled with his hard cock.

Daniel pressed hard with his tongue and licked wildly at my clit and went back to finger-fucking me. As wound up as I'd made myself over the past several hours, it seemed as though I climaxed immediately. My body and legs quivered mildly, and the more I tried to moan, the deeper John crammed his cock into my mouth. Daniel lapped over my clit and poked me a few more time with his fingers then, happy with his work, got up to strip as well. As soon as he moved back, John fell straight down onto my body and we were involved in a fierce 69. Both of us were eating each other like wild animals at a fresh kill, and each were driving our hips into each other's faces to feel more.

Each of us grabbed tightly onto each other's asses, clinging to firm flesh and buried our faces into each other. His balls dangled over my eyes, and the soft fine hairs on his sac brushed over the bridge of my nose. I tasted his pre-cum and moaned with my mouth full. I felt the tip of his nose in the crack of my ass while he was licking my pussy, then into my wet petals when he licked my clit. The minor orgasm I'd had a moment before echoed once again, and I could feel the wave starting through the inside of my body. John's cock was throbbing as I sucked on him, too, and I was determined to make him cum before me.

I failed.

Mind you, trying as hard as I could to make him cum in my mouth, my concentration obviously diverted, my orgasm was yet again a mild puff. It felt nice and I knew I was in a sexy situation, and I kept fucking him with my mouth, my tongue peppering and circling the head of his cock with every turn of my head. I got what I was after, though, when I felt the first splash of his sperm all over my tongue. I cranked my head up on him and sealed over his shooting cock tightly with my lips, tasting, savoring, and swallowing all of his cum.

I heard the playful words, "Don't hog the pussy, man," and once John was somewhat composed after cumming, lifted himself off from my body. I felt his cock soften in my mouth, and I swirled my tongue all around the head of his cock.

I felt Daniel's hands along the outside of my thighs, gripping onto them, and pulling me closer to the edge of the bed. The yank pulled my body down, and my head and face along with it, away from John's cock. Daniel reached underneath the small of my back, and with a tug began pulling the bottom of my nightgown off. I lifted my ass up off the bed and Daniel slid it down my legs, tossing it aside onto the floor.

Daniel's hands went back to my legs, and he pulled them up until my calves were on his chest and my feet over his shoulders as he stood before me. I was treated to my first sight of his twitching cock, a solid, hard eight inches. Once he aimed himself inside me and gave his pelvis a good, deep thrust, he began fucking me with his fingers digging into the flesh of my thighs. I was in heaven, moaning deeply.

John once again straddled toward my face, but began teasing me mercilessly while his friend drove and pumped himself into me. John's cock was semi-flaccid and almost ready for more, but rather than letting me suck it again, chose instead to hold himself by the base and began spanking my face with his cock. With every slap against one cheek then the other, the cock was growing more and more hard. It got to the point where my mouth was open, trying desperately to catch his dick, but he made sure to keep me from doing so.

When I couldn't take it any longer, I just grabbed his cock, moaning, "Give it to me," and pulling it in between my lips. I was squirming deliciously, sucking one cock and being fucked by another, with Daniel's hips slapping the soft flesh of my ass with every stroke.

Daniel was about ready to blow, but John said, "No sloppy seconds, dude... cum in her mouth." Daniel assaulted my pussy with a few more hard slams, then pulled out. As soon as he did, John pulled out, too, and I felt compelled to do whatever they wanted. I slid my legs down and flipped over on the bed, steadying myself with my knees and one hand on the mattress and the other hand going for Daniel's shaft. In no time at all, John was pushing his cock into me from behind, forcing my body forward and my mouth around Daniel's cock. They worked as a team in bed even better than they had on the volleyball court!

For the second time in minutes, I was swallowing salty, bitter, creamy cum. Daniel reached down along the sides of my ribcage, grabbing onto both of my tits and mashing them with his fingertips as he came in my mouth. John's hands were gripping tightly on my hips, and slammed his thick cock furiously inside me. I felt like a kid in a candy store with these guys, squealing in delight. John picked up his pace slightly and found a nice, smooth rhythm in fucking me the way I love.

The tingle inside me grew into another wave, but this time there was no stopping myself. The wave grew into a tremor, and the tremor to a quake. My fingernails dug into the mattress and, unfortunately for Daniel, into a cheek of his ass, and the moan I let out when I came grew into a scream of pure pleasure. I climaxed violently and almost fell off from John's cock.

==================================================

The next couple hours were a blur... my pussy continuously being fucked from almost every conceivable angle, and my mouth being fucked almost as often. At 21 and 22, this was the first time I'd ever fucked anyone six and seven years younger than me, and each had the youthful staying power I'd enjoyed in so many guys when I was in college, myself. I'd had over a dozen climaxes that evening, and swallowed eight loads up to that point... four from each of them. My jaws were tired from sucking so much cock, my pussy beginning to get sore, and my body becoming spent. Still, they treated me as a little fuck-puppet, and that's exactly how I wanted to feel that evening.

I knew if my body was going to give out, though, that I'd go down fighting. Daniel was laying on the bed at the time, and I got up to my knees, straddling his hips, facing toward his feet. John was ahead of me, ogling my body, reaching his hands out to paw my breasts, and closing to kiss me. I grabbed onto Daniel's hard cock and positioned myself above it in a reverse-cowgirl position. My eyes smiled devilishly at John, and with a slow, easy slide downward, felt Daniel enter my body with deeper-than-usual moans from each of us.

I rolled back slightly until my knees lifted from the bed and I was on the balls of my feet. With a few slides up and down on Daniel's cock with the full weight of my body, I felt him deeper and deeper inside me. I reached behind and under me with a careful lean back, balancing myself with one hand... leaving the other free to play hard on my pussy and showing off to John that his friend's cock was actually buried up to the hilt within my ass.

I continued fucking Daniel with sweet, slow motions, while furiously rubbing my pussy to relieve the pressure building inside me. John leaned forward, but the closer he came to me, the more I leaned back, until he was nearly on top of me. My heart was pounding with excitement and between dark moans I begged him to fuck me.

Living alone, I play with myself fairly often, and when I want to get into it for more than just a quickie, I own a number of vibrators of varying sizes and features from which to choose. Once or twice a week, when I really want to get into it, I'll use two at a time on myself. I digress here to state that though I love the feeling double-penetration to the point of doing it somewhat often to myself at home, I so rarely get the opportunity to actually enjoy the real thing... and the prospect that this was to be my first in eight months made my entire body quiver and become covered with goosebumps in anticipation and desire.

As John laid on top of me, I was sandwiched between the two young men. Daniel's arms engulfed me from underneath and his hands gripped onto my soft breasts... pinching onto my already very stiff nipples. When John's thick cock plunged into my pussy, it was like the sexiest of dreams. The pressure in both holes at once made my labia and anus contract immediately, and I squeezed down hard on both cocks at once. The sounds from my throat came from deep within my body, moans of slightly painful trauma, wanton need, and most extreme pleasure.

I was pretty much trapped between them, and could barely move at all. John fucked me from above, and as his wide, hard cock pounded into my pussy, he drove my hips and ass down onto Daniel. Daniel's cock felt perfect, wedged deeply into my ass, and I felt like a flowing river of cum, climaxing seemingly forever... the quivering of my folds vibrated all over John's cock.

He continued fucking me, pumping in and out of my pussy for another ten minutes or so. Daniel was pinned underneath me, and I couldn't help but tighten and loosen my sphincter, gripping tightly onto his cock and not letting go. I saw and felt John getting close, and I encouraged him to cum in my pussy. When I felt the pulse of his cock widening ever so slightly to let the streams of his seed shoot out, it triggered yet another climax, and I was left a whimpering mass.

John got up to his knees, looking down with an almost smug pride in his work. Daniel and I were finally able to move, and I asked him softly, "Wanna cum in my ass, baby?" He didn't need to be asked twice. Both guys pushed me over to my side, then onto my belly, and Daniel mounted me from behind and above. I felt his hips pressing down onto the soft flesh of the cheeks of my ass, and the head of his cock aiming, teasing, and pressing on my star. It was already loose, and his cock slid in easily.

He started fucking me, but after a moment I realized what a strange angle it was from which he was coming. I reached up to one of the pillows and slid it back to my hip. With what little strength left I could muster, I lifted myself up from underneath, sliding the pillow under my hips, and my ass became a raised, fully-curved target for him. I slid my hand under the pillow, between it and the mattress, and desperately diddled my clit as his anal assault increased in strength and speed. My moans were deep and guttural, his balls slapped against my labia with every stroke, and in another moment made myself climax for the last time of the long evening. A minute later, and Daniel exploded, filling my ass with his cum. Completely exhausted, I fell asleep almost immediately as both guys laid down, flanking either side of my body.

==================================================

In the morning I awoke with a huge smile on my face. Daniel was out cold, John was even snoring, and I was happy I was able to wear them out as they'd done me. I laid there for a few minutes before crawling to the foot of the bed and getting up from there so as not to wake up the guys. I could barely walk, and even in doing so I was so bow-legged it must have been funny. I made it to the end of the hall to the bathroom to pee and clean up a little. When I opened the door to return to my room, I saw Jesse in the hallway, waiting for his turn for the bathroom.

He averted his eyes right away when he saw I was naked, and I couldn't help but chuckle a little at his expense. As I started to walk past him, I stopped to kiss his cheek, and stood before him, staring into his eyes until he made eye-contact. "Renee asleep?" I asked.

He nodded, and I smiled and took a full step back so he could take in my nude figure from head-to-toe. I smiled up at him, saying, "It wasn't really fair being the only person on the team to never see me naked, was it?" I giggled just a little when he didn't know what to say, and just made a nodding motion to the open restroom. He took a step forward to turn that way, but when he did I gave him a hug and another kiss on the cheek before letting him go.

I stepped lightly into my bedroom and found a long t-shirt to put on... long enough to cover my pussy and ass, but old and worn and just tight enough to show off every single curve and nuance of my body.

When Jesse came out, we both sat in the living room just shooting the breeze for a while. The part of my body of which I'm the most proud are my legs, and I showed them off to every extent, even knowing on occasion my pussy and the bottom of my ass were visible to him. I did feel a little guilty in teasing him so as Renee is not only a very dear friend, but also very straight, and the likelihood of me ever having sex with Jesse individually or as part of a group is practically zero. Even still, it's nice being acknowledged and desired.
