 It had been a long time since we had gotten away on a trip – just the two of us without the kids. We had been struggling with what to do – something that wouldn't cost too much and something that wouldn't keep us away too long. 

It just so happened that I had a trade show scheduled in Las Vegas and it seemed logical that we take advantage of that – since the room and food was going to be paid for. We had done this in the past and it was exciting because it always allowed for us to be a little naughty while we were there.

Almost from the time that I had brought it up, I began to get excited. I remembered back on past trips when we had done things like shop for provocative clothes for Jill to wear when we would go out. It was always easier for her to dress risque when she knew that she wasn't going to be around people she knew. I know that she did this mostly for me – (I always wondered what kind of looks she would get) but I think it was a little bit of a turn on for her as well.

Sometimes we would go to adult shops and look at all the different toys that they had – it was fun looking together to decide what we could get to use for later at the hotel. I would often start to get hard when I was in the store, just with the anticipation of what lied ahead. And it was fun to watch Jill as she sized up different toys – I think she would get plenty excited as well.

And the sex was always really good. Not only did we know that we would have new toys to try out, I usually got away with whatever I wanted to try. That was usually because we were both so turned on. A lot of times we would start with ordering a nasty movie on our TV. I always love it when I reach down between Jill's legs for the first time and feel how wet she is.

So the plan was for me to go to Las Vegas on Thursday (I had the show on Thursday and Friday) and Jill was going to get there early Friday afternoon – we then had the rest of the weekend to ourselves. Jill left home early that Friday morning for the five-hour drive to Vegas. Much like me, she was anticipating the trip and as she drove, she found her mind starting to wonder about the fun that was ahead. She was getting hornier by the minute and would try to focus on other things but they always seemed to eventually get back to something related to sex.

As she pulled up to the Mandalay Bay, she had the car parked and walked up to the front desk to pick up a key to the room that I had left for her. As she walked into the room, she walked over and opened the curtains the rest of the way – we had a good view of the strip from the 20th floor. 

I left Jill a note on the desk with an envelope under it. The note read…."The show gets over at 5:00 and then I have a dinner right after, I should be back around 8:00 – call me if you need anything. By the way, I got lucky at black jack last night and left you a surprise in the envelope." I had won almost a thousand dollars that we could have fun spending while we were there.

It was just 1:00 in the afternoon and that meant that Jill had seven hours to kill before I could meet up with her. She began to unpack her back and put all of her clothes away – she also brought our backpack full of sex toys that she put over in a corner. She left her bathing suit and a cover-up on the bed as she headed toward the bathroom. 

She started the bath because she was going to shave her bikini area before going down to the pool. She quickly undressed and noticed that as she took her underwear off that they were wet – instinctively she reached her hand between her legs and sure enough, all that day-dreaming on the way there had her plenty wet. 

Although she was still plenty horny, she did nothing about taking care of herself because she wanted to get to the pool and save it for later. She finished shaving her legs and her bikini area – she also trimmed all the rest of her hair leaving only a little patch. Jill put on her swimsuit, grabbed her bag and headed down to the pool.

It was a really hot day – the misters were going full blast as Jill scoped out a good place for her to lay – one that was close to the pool but without too many distractions. She wanted a little bit of quiet because she had brought one of those novel books with her (of course it was one that had sexual content throughout.) 

It wasn't long that she was lying there before it started to get really hot, so she got up to get cooled off in the pool. When she returned she began to put some sunscreen on. As she started to rub some on her legs, she noticed one of the pool servers was coming around getting drink orders from the guests. "Mam, can I get you anything to drink?" As Jill looked up, she saw that it was a very good-looking young tan guy. He was good enough looking that as she stared at him, she almost forgot what he had asked her. "I'll have a virgin Pina Calada" she responded.

In no time at all, he was back with her drink – she signed the bill and watched the guy as he slowly walked away. Jill took the umbrella out of her drink and took a sip – immediately she tasted some alcohol. She thought about yelling for her server, but decided not to and just kept the drink. 

Jill laid back down and began reading her book. This book took no time at all before it began to get steamy – Jill continued to sip on her drink as she read and then heard a slurp – the drink was gone already and it had only been ten minutes since she got it. 

She looked up and flagged down her server and signaled to him that she wanted one more. She wondered to herself if he would bring her one with or without alcohol as she was just barely feeling the affects of her first drink.

"Here you go Mam." As he handed her another Pina Calada. "You better get plenty of sunscreen on – it's really bad out here today." He advised her. As Jill accepted her drink feeling a bit light headed, she kind of hoped that this one too had alcohol. She took a quick sip and sure enough it did – as she once again watched the guy walk away – this time biting her bottom lip a little bit. 

After another quick dip in the pool, it was back to reading. A combination of the book and the drink was really starting to get Jill revved up – she even noticed that her hips started to sway a little bit as her head was getting lighter and lighter.

Another half hour had passed when the pool server came around again. "You need anything mam?" This time Jill ordered a strawberry daiquiri. "Mam, your starting to get pretty red, you may want to use one of our shade tents." As he pointed over to the area where they were. "I can bring your drink over there." Jill thanked him and told him she thought she would take him up on that offer. 

She began to get up and gather her things to go about 100 feet over to where the shade canopy was. As she got up, she had completely forgotten that she had undone her bikini top as it stayed on the lounge chair as she sat up. She stood up grabbed her bag and then her towel and noticed that her top was on the towel. 

By this time, she had the attention of several guys around her as she stood there bare chested. Not nearly as embarrassed as she would have been without the drinks, she reached down picked up her top and began to put it on. As she walked over to the canopy the guys continued to watch her as she stumbled slightly on her way there.

It was nice, cool and relaxing in the shade. Jill situated all of her stuff and laid down on one of the chairs. There was much more privacy here as she was concealed by three canvas walls of the tent. "I think your better off over here for a while so you don't burn." Said the guy as he handed Jill her strawberry daiquiri. Jill thanked him for the drink and for the suggestion and quickly went back to reading her book.

In no time at all, Jill was starting to get stirred up again. The alcohol was really beginning to take effect and the book was making her so horny as she could feel herself getting wet and was aching to be touched. 

She looked up over the book and assessed her surroundings – there didn't appear to be anyone that could see her so she discreetly took her hand and slid it inside her bikini bottoms. There her fingers found her wet pussy lips as they slid easily up and down. 

After her fingers were covered with her own juices, she slowly began to rub them in a circular motion over her clit --- Mmmm that is exactly what she needed. Before long, she was grinding against her own hand as she slid two of her fingers deep into her pussy and she let out a small moan.

"Hmm, Hmmm… Here's another drink maam." Jill looked up and saw her server put another drink beside her. She said thank you with one hand still in her bikini bottoms. As he walked away, Jill wondered how much he saw and how long he had been standing there before saying something. But again the drinks that she had didn't make her nearly as embarrassed as she should have been. 

Although intoxicated, Jill realized that she probably couldn't and shouldn't take it any further, so she quickly finished her last drink and headed up for the room. On the way up, she passed the Spa and decided to stop and make an appointment for herself. As she was looking at available times over the next couple of days, she heard the receptionist call for James and tell him that his next appointment was there. James came out and extended his hand to Jill and said welcome. The receptionist quickly informed James that his appointment was over there, as she pointed across the room. 

James was exceptionally good looking with a great build and Jill was admiring every great feature that he had as he walked across the lobby. The receptionist noticed Heidi's stair and began laugh. "He has that same affect on almost every woman that walks into this place." The receptionist said.

"Would you like to make an appointment with him – he has an opening tomorrow afternoon." Jill gave a quick response and said "Yes" almost as quickly as she was asked. The receptionist wrote down Jill's name in the appointment book and as she went to leave, Heidi turned back and looked at her name tag and said "Thanks Jenna."

Jill found her way to the elevator and pushed the button for the 20th floor. She pulled out her room key and stumbled down the hallway looking for her room. It was nearly 5:00 already and what Jill didn't know was that I was already back in the room. I had left the show a few minutes early so that I could change my clothes before dinner. I had just barely got into the room when I heard a key sliding into the door – I figured it had to be Jill, but I'm not sure how she didn't see me or me see her in the hallway since I had literally just got in the room. 

I heard Jill try to get in the room several times with no success. I got this crazy idea that I would hide in the closet and surprise her, so I went in and set myself up. Finally on the fourth try, Jill made it into the room. I saw her walk past the closet – as there was a slight crack for me to see through. 

She threw her bag on the floor and sat on the bed – grabbed the remote and turned on the TV. After channel surfing for a minute – she hit menu and looked at the movie options – I had a clear view of the TV as well and could see everything she was doing. I thought to myself as to whether I should give up my cover and come out of the closet, but I was intrigued with what was going on, so I just sat there quiet.

As Jill was looking through the movie selections, she came to the adult categories. She looked through several of them and then hit enter. My heart began to beat incredibly fast as my face was getting flush with excitement. 

I looked at the TV and saw two blonde women that were taking each others clothes off. Jill watched intently as she began to take her cover-up off. As the two women on the TV began to caress and feel each other, Jill began to explore her own body. 

First she cupped and rubbed her breast – soon she had herself out of her bathing suit and was all the way naked. She got up from sitting on the edge of the bed and started to walk toward the head of the bed. Along the way, she spotted our tan backpack full of sex toys. She reached down, unzipped it and pulled out the first thing she felt – it was the strap on dildo that we have. 

She worked her way onto our bed and in no time at all was rubbing the tip of the big rubber dildo around the outside of her pussy lips – no need for extra lube, she had produced more than was needed on her own. After teasing herself with the head of the cock for a while, Jill widened her legs and with one big push inserted the entire length of the rubber cock deep into her pussy as she let out an exasperated moan. 

Jill continued to watch the TV as one of the women was using a dildo on the other. Jill was keeping in perfect rhythm with what was happening in the movie – and then I saw Jill put her legs up in the air. I knew that this meant only one thing – when Jill is ready to cum, her legs often go up in the air – I'm not sure if this is because of the friction or because she gets deeper penetration or what, but it must make her feel really good. 

So with her legs up in the air, Jill is literally slamming her cock deep and hard inside of herself while she is moaning and yelling, "Fuck Me! Fuck Me!!!" Just before she is ready to cum – the phone rings. Talk about a mood killer – Jill wasn't sure if she should finish the job on herself or if she should answer the phone.

"Hello." Jill said as she tried to catch her breath. "Hello Mrs. Stivers, this is Jenna from down at the spa, and I was calling to tell you that James's last appointment of the day did not show and I can give it to you if you'd like." Jill told her that she wasn't ready and didn't think she could make it down in time. Upon hearing that, Jenna told her that the hotel offered room massages and that James could come up to her room. Jill quickly took her up on the offer. 

Before getting off of the phone, Jenna explained that hotel policy was that there was an extra charge for room massages because each masseuse had to be accompanied by another hotel employee for protection of any accusations. "He'll be up in about 5 minutes, is that o.k." Jill told her yes and quickly jumped up and ran in the bathroom. 

I heard the shower turn on and the door to the shower shut. Jill needed to quickly get herself cleaned up from the pool and from her little action that just happened. As she cleaned herself, she could feel how swollen her pussy lips were – she was also filled with so much anxiety as she was on the verge of orgasm but wasn't able to. She was so anticipating the massage - as it is one of her favorite things in the world – she figured she could always get off later.

This was my chance to get out of the closet and make an appearance without Jill knowing that I was there. I couldn't do it – this was just too big of a thrill for me to be secretly watching everything that had been going on. Instead of getting out, I situated myself a little better – using the food tray holder as a chair, turning off my cell phone and making sure that I had a wide enough crack in the door to be able to see without being seen. I would figure out my excuse for missing the dinner later – this was much more exciting.

The next thing I new, I heard a knock on the door. Jill came out of the bathroom with a white hotel robe on and went over to answer the door. Standing in the doorway was James (who was wheeling a big portable massage table) and Jenna…. "Hello Mrs. Stivers, it's nice to see you again - all of our assistants have went home for the day, so I was the only option to attend your massage with James." She was there for nothing more than the fact that there had to be someone else in the room. 

Jill invited them in and James began to set up the massage table with fresh sheets on it. There continued to be brief introductions and small talk as James prepared some of the lotions and oils that he was going to be using. Everything was finally all set and it was time to begin. 

James directed Jill over to the table and instructed her that she could have a towel draped over her or just lay down on her stomach with her birthday suit on. Jill walked over to the table – slipped her robe off and grabbed a towel that she placed over her bottom as she laid on the table. Jenna had a seat in one of the comfortable hotel chairs that was literally only like 4-5 feet away from me and began to read a magazine.

James began the massage – and almost instantly, Jill was in an entirely different world. This guy even looked the part as I watched him dressed in his white pants and white shirt that contrasted with his dark tanned skin. I would guess that he was about 6' 2" and was solid and muscular. He was definitely a trained professional as I watched his technique – he continued to move around the table to get the perfect angle that he needed. 

As I looked over at Jenna, she was wearing a similar outfit a white shirt that buttoned up only with a white skirt – she still had her nametag on that identified who she was. I noticed that she kept getting distracted, as she would look over her magazine. At first I figured that she was glancing over at James giving the massage – but then realized that her glances were across the room – not where they were. I finally figured out what she was looking at – the TV. The adult movie was still on the TV – Jenna could see it from where she was, but both James and Jill were blocked from its view. 

As Jenna continued to be distracted, she soon had put down her magazine all together and was fully focused on the action that was happening on the TV – it was the same two girls that Jill was watching; only now they were joined by a guy. Jenna slowly unbuttoned the top two buttons of her blouse – she slid her right hand in her shirt and on to her left breast. I had a lump in my throat (not to mention the growing bulge in my pants) as this was happening literally right in front of me.

Jill's massage was going as wonderful as she had hoped it would. As she lay there enjoying herself and relaxed, her mind again began to wander with sexual thoughts – her thoughts were specifically of James and him taking advantage of her during her massage. By now James had worked his way down to the back of Jill's legs – starting with her calves and working his way up to the back of her thighs. As he got closer to her ass – she ever so slightly moved her left leg out a little bit. This made the towel move a little bit and exposed just he bottom of Jill's ass. 

This was a move that James had seen many times before and had become almost predictable. He was always the consummate professional and would slide the towel back to where it belonged and move on to another part of the body so that a temptation would not be there – but this time he didn't, he left the towel alone and continued to move up Jill's leg.

Jenna in the meantime, had glanced over at the massage table and right away noticed what was going on. Normally this is why she is there and would make sure that it was stopped right away – but not this time. Although she was aware with what was going on at the table, she was still fixed on the scene that was playing out on the TV. 

Jenna lifted her bottom up off of the chair as I watched her slide her panties down and off of herself. She sat back down and lifted one of her legs up over the arm of the chair. There in front of me, I had a perfect look at her wet and wide-open pussy. She was completely shaved and her pussy lips that were a pale pink in color were slightly spread apart and glistening from her own juices. I then saw her hand enter the picture as she massaged her fingers up and down her lips before finding her pleasure button at the top. When she began to rub her clit, I could see her legs move further apart. 

After a minute of doing that, she took her ring finger and middle finger and buried them as deep as she could into herself. When doing this, she let out a slight moan – this got James's attention as he looked over at her and for the first time saw what she was doing. This was all happening right in front of me – I had my own private and personal show going on.
