 Now for the story of my first experience with another man. I had been basically forced to represent my company at an industry trade show in Las Vegas. It was designed for men and their wants. I don't golf. I don't gamble, and I have no interest in strip clubs, especially without my husband. Vegas was just not my kind of town.

I went and I sat through all the brutal lectures on Monday and Tuesday. I blew off the after hour events and chose to dine well and get to bed early. As much as I wanted to experience another man, then men in my industry were as boring as they came. And the terms of my deal were clear. I needed to find a situation that made me hot.

On Wednesday, the folks at the seminar were busting my chops. They wanted me to come out for at least one drink. Of course, I was one of the very few women at the conference and I was definitely one of few with any sex appeal. 

I can't lie. Men have always lusted after me. I'm often told that I look like Jenny from Forrest Gump. My body evokes sinful thoughts in men and sometimes women too. 

My hips are my best asset but I'm happy with my body overall. My tits are large and firm with little nipples that get hard and pointy when I'm excited. I'm a blonde though I shave my pussy with only a wisp at the top. Gary likes it that way and I've of grown to prefer it myself.

I agreed to a single drink and we hit the hotel bar after the seminar. Everybody was wearing their name tags and that helped guys start conversations with me.

As I expected, these men were lame and they were boring me to tears. It was too bad as I was actually feeling horny after three days away from Gary. I was talked into a second glass of Chardonnay and I went with it. I figured it'd help me sleep. As I drank it and chatted to the guys, I noticed a really hot guy behind them talking to a few other boring looking middle aged guys with sagging charisma. He stood out here and this guy would probably stand out anywhere. He was about 6-2 and well built with a full head of wavy sandy colored hair. Then I saw his name tag.

"Nick Addison"

Nick Addison? Whoa. That -- was Nick Addison?

Ok, this hottie was the President of my company's primary competitor and they'd been beating us up the last several quarters and most insiders gave Mr. Addison here the bulk of the credit. He was worth seven figures many times over.

I began to listen past the guys in my circle and tried to catch what was going on with Addison's conversation. The last thing I heard was "yeah, this is dead. Let's go to JET over at the Mirage."

That wasn't far and I figured I'd head over myself a little later on and see if I could get some alone time with this guy. I'm honestly not sure if it was my sexual desire or my career drive that led me to that decision, but I went, so I'm not sure it matters.

I downed a third Chardonnay and left. I went outside and grabbed a cab. I walked around the club and settled in at the bar after not finding my target. It was a hopping club and I figured I'd have a few more before leaving. As I waited for my first drink, I heard his voice.

"Hi, aren't you attending the National Printer's Seminar?"

"Uh, yes. My name is Beverly Walsh."

"Well Beverly, it's very nice to meet you. My name is Nick and I'm in sales. Can I buy the sexiest lady at the seminar a drink?"

"Sure, but I am leaving in a few minutes. I've already had enough."

"Me too. Would you like to split a cab back to our hotel?"

"That would be fine."

We had a very nice chat and we were overtly flirting with each other. I bemoaned the lack of cute or even interesting guys in the industry. He agreed though he wanted a chance to show me just how exciting a paper salesman can be.

I licked my swizzle stick right after he said that and looked him right in the eyes. I had found my first lover if this went right, I thought to myself.

We grabbed a cab and he made his move as we pulled out of the car port. He pulled me to him and kissed me. My mouth opened to him and he kissed me deeply and gently found my nipple through my blouse. We were at the hotel almost immediately and he paid as I got out.

"Beverly, I don't want to be too forward, but I won a sales contest to get here and I have a huge suite with all the fun stuff including a Jacuzzi. Would you like to come up for a dip and a nightcap?"

"Sure Nick. I've got another drink in me."

I wanted a lot more than that in me. He went after my body again in the elevator and I responded again with an open mouth. He rubbed my pussy and tits this time and left no ambiguity as to his intentions. We kissed our way across the hall to his front door and he ordered oysters and some champagne as soon as we got inside.

He then asked if I wanted to hop into the Jacuzzi while we waited for our room service. I said sure and he began to take his clothes off. 

I watched. 

First the shirt, which revealed a very tight and muscular upper body and six pack abs. Then went the pants. The tent in his boxers was shocking and when he dropped them I almost fainted.

His cock was semi-hard and looked to be about ten inches long. My husband was a very large man, but Nick was clearly bigger and he wasn't even fully hard.

It was my turn. I slowly stripped off all my clothes and was totally naked as we slipped into the hot water. There was a knock at the door and Nick grabbed a towel as he went to get the champagne.

There I was. Naked in a hot tub with the President of my company's largest competitor, and I was going to fuck him. No way I get into that tub with nothing on unless I was ready for sex, and the minute I saw this guy's cock, I was ready.

He knew it. He'd shown off that sea serpent before and he knew the effect it had on a woman. I wasn't embarrassed about it. My husband would eventually be privy to every detail as to what was about to happen. I just had to try Nick's monster cock and my pussy was oozing in anticipation.

He came back and we talked for awhile as we drank the champagne. I was getting very tipsy and willing, but he had me when I was sober, so I thought little of it. Booze makes me more pliable sexually and that certainly seemed like a good thing at the time.

He was a big dog, but he was passing himself off as a salesman. I knew better. I was one of the few people in my company who actually paid attention to boring details like industry periodicals and awards. I knew exactly who this guy was and I was going to give myself to him on a platter with all the benefits of ownership.

Little did I know that he already had big plans for me.

We finished the bottle and he asked if I wanted more. After five drinks downstairs and half a bottle, I should have said no. 

I said sure. 

We stayed in the hot tub and talked. Eventually, he moved over to my side and sat on the edge above me. This made his hard cock very accessible and I reached out and started to work it softly but with intent.

He moaned his approval. We were on our way.

We kept talking about whatever as I worked on his truly massive shaft. Once it was totally hard, I stood up between his legs and stared to blow him with passion. 

I was more turned on than I had ever been in my life. I felt so naughty even though I knew Gary would approve.

I was able to take almost half of Nick's huge cock in my mouth and he was really enjoying himself. His cock-head kept bumping into the very back of my throat and it really seemed to turn him on. I really wanted to ride him, but he was having too much fun for me to stop what I was doing. 

As I slowly got accustomed to his size, I started trying to get more of him in me and I was actually having some success. If this had been my husband, I would have had all of him, which I had never done. With this guy, I was still a few inches from my goal. I remember thinking to myself that Gary was going to be impressed when I did this to him.

I now had a few inches in my throat and that really got Nick going. He had my head in his hands now and he was giving me some not so subtle guidance as to my pace and rhythm. He said he wanted to cum in my mouth and I nodded my assent with his huge staff lodged in my throat.

He started moaning really loudly and then his cock expanded even more. He pulled the head out of my throat and started spurting jets of thick hot cum into my married mouth. 

It was so erotic for me. I felt like such a slut each time he shot a rope of hot cum into me and even dirtier each time I swallowed. And, I had to swallow five times to get it all down. I suddenly understood why some women love it and I knew instinctively that I would be swallowing cum as often as possible in the future.

Gary loved cumming inside my pussy, so this was so new and so hot.

Nick pulled out of me and I caught my breath and began to clean his tool with my tongue. He let me suck and lick for a little while, but then slid back into the water. He told me that he wanted to fuck me as soon as he got his cock hard again. My already soaking pussy gushed when he said it. I told him that he could fuck me however he wanted and that my pussy was all wet for his huge cock.

Then his phone rang.

"Hello? Hey, what's up, Tommy? You are here? Great!"

He listened for a few seconds.

"Well, I'm here with an incredibly sexy woman named Beverly, who loves to party. I'll be with her for the evening. Let me see what she's up for."

He covered the phone, looked at me intently with a sly smile, but asked me nothing. He then went back to his conversation.

"You're in luck. She's up for anything. Come on over!"

He then hung up the phone. I was a little stunned and I tried to speak.

"I, uh"

"Babe, you are so hot. You'll love being fucked by two well hung men. I was so sure of it, I didn't even bother to ask you. My buddy Tommy is even bigger than me. He's hung like a horse. We've doubled a few women in our time and they all loved every second of it."

"I, um, well"

"You are going to have the best sex you have ever had, but, he's not going to be here for fifteen minutes or so. You can head back to your room now if it freaks you out. I'll understand if that's what you need to do."

He had me. 

I was sexed up and I still hadn't had his cock. I had fantasized about two men many times and I knew I'd regret leaving as much as I knew that staying could also lead to regrets. Gary told me to use my judgment. 

My pussy answered the question for me. When Nick stood up, his cock was back at full strength. I got up and went to the middle of the pool and started giving him head. He was so big and so well hung that I barely had to bend over to service him. I gave him total cock worship for about five minutes, but no deep throating or anything that I thought would make him cum.

I pulled off of him. 

"Where can we fuck?"

"The bedroom is to your left."

I climbed out of the tub and headed for the room and turned to him as I reached the doorway. Nick went to the front door and unlocked it and left it open. He walked towards me with his enormous erection bouncing back and forth as he walked. Knowing that he was about to force that thing into my pussy sent a slight jolt of fear and excitement through my body.

He got to me and swept me up in his arms as if I was an infant. He carried me to the big bed and put me down and started jacking his cock at me.

"Get on all fours."

I complied and faced away from him, giving up my ass and pussy to his whim. The next thing I felt was his tongue. He lapped away at both of my holes and I started getting wet inside and out. After a few minutes of great oral and a nice orgasm, Nick stood and pulled me even closer to him. He pushed his cock into me just a bit and I practically went into shock. 

I was unprepared for his size. 

I've been with my share of men and I married the biggest guy I had ever been with, but, like I said before, Nick was even bigger. I felt stretched out with just a few inches inside of me. 

He kept pushing a few inches in and then pulling about a half inch out. He was gaining depth at that pace and my little opening never really resisted, but the chlorine from the Jacuzzi had me less slippery than I would have been otherwise. Still, in less than 30 seconds, he had bottomed out. Nick was tickling me very deeply in places that my husband's cock had never reached. It was very erotic, but it also caused me a little guilt.

Then he started to long-stroke me. Thankfully, I was extremely hot and wet. He had smooth sailing and he was pounding away at me as he held my ass in place. I was sort of in shock. It felt incredible to be fucked so fully. I was moaning and calling out his name over and over. He must have loved it. 

I just couldn't stop. The words were pouring out of me as I orgasmed.

"Oh Nick, you are so deep inside me. Ohhh! I love your big cock. This is incredible! I'm cumming! You are the best! Oh Nick! Keep fucking me, Nick! Your cock is the best!"

It was an amazing feeling. My orgasm just rolled over and over. I started to shake and I couldn't stop. He stopped fucking me so I could calm down and then I heard Tommy, who had been watching and listening.

"Holy shit! Can I just jump in?"

"What's mine is yours," said Nick.

Then Nick pushed back into me and introduced me to Tommy as his friend stripped out of his clothes and climbed up on the bed. 

"Beverly, this is Tommy. You are going to suck his cock for a few minutes and then he's going to fuck you."

"Nice meeting you, Tommy."

"Same to you, Beverly. Thanks for being so accommodating."

He was now right in front of me and he was packing an enormous penis. It was a bigger than Nick's! I grabbed it and got my mouth around it and sucked him for all I was worth. He was getting even bigger and I was getting even hotter inside as Nick pounded me. I couldn't get as much of Tommy inside my mouth, but I sucked three or four of his inches like my life depended on it. 

I wondered how in the heck I ever got into this room with these two huge cocks. Not that I was complaining. I was excited beyond words.

I gave up on getting more of Tommy's cock in my mouth and started working the underside of his shaft with my tongue. This really got him going. He was hard as iron now and he wanted to fuck me.

"Yo Nick, wanna trade ends?"

"Sure, Bro. Try this pussy. It's even better than it looks."

They pulled out of me and switched places. I started sucking my own juices off of Nick's pole as Tommy moved in behind me.

Like with Nick, even though I had just sucked Tommy's huge cock, my pussy just wasn't prepared for his size. I like to talk dirty and moan seductively, but once Tommy started stuffing his huge phallus into me, I started making involuntary noises. The lack of control was embarrassing me as I was clearly under the control of the penis inside of me.

I was screaming on Nick's cock as Tommy forced more of himself into me. My body was twitching as I was forced open farther than ever before. I was whimpering and sobbing between screams as I kept sucking Nick's cock. I was still experiencing more pain than pleasure, but my inner slut was really starting to bubble up and I knew I was going to be loving it soon. Tommy kept pushing more into me until his head was bumping into the deepest recesses of my vagina.

Bump. Bump. Bump.

He still had another few inches outside of me. This guy would be enormous even by porn standards.

He started taking longer faster strokes and I started to react very positively. My pain needle was moving down and I could feel my pussy lubricating heavily. 

I wanted to take his cock.

I was breathing heavily and he was still pushing into me deeper. I was so excited that my vaginal canal lengthened to accommodate him.

Then, suddenly, my body locked into really intense orgasm. I went stiff as a board and came as hard as I ever had in all my years. Tommy kept thumping away at me and then I felt his balls hitting my ass. He was all the way in and the base of his cock was now stretching me even more.

It was delicious.

Speaking of delicious... Nick pulled out of my mouth and shot a rope of hot cum on my face and the rest onto my waiting tongue. Then he told me to clean him up, which I did with enthusiasm. When I was done, he went over to the sofa and watched his buddy fuck me. 

Tommy just kept up his assault. He was pulling halfway out of me and then going back in to the hilt. It felt so amazing to have something hot and soft probing my deepest places. I relaxed and let him do me as I rolled through several huge orgasms.

Then, as his pounding started to speed up with a purpose, I began to have the big one. 

It started deep inside of me and shot out through my entire body. I was shaking and shaking with almost no control over my hips. 

I could feel my entire pussy sqeezing on his huge cock. This must have gotten to Tommy as he pushed himself all the way into me and held himself there as he blasted shot after shot of hot jizz into the back of my womanhood. I could feel it splashing inside of me as I was rocked and rocked with orgasm.

This was easily the most amazing thing I had ever experienced. My entire body, no, my entire being was at peace.

And, like in the real world, peace was short lived. The men took me back out to the hot tub. We popped another bottle of Dom and got back to partying. It was midnight now and I knew tomorrow was going to be rough, but I was having way too much fun to bail.

Wearing a deep dark smile, Tommy told me sternly to suck his cock and I floated across the tub and started to blow him. I then felt Nick open my legs and push himself into my pussy. I was floating between them as they eased me back and forth with their huge monsters inside me.

They were casually chatting about sports as I worked on them with my mouth and pussy. Every five minutes or so, they would have me turn around. They did me this way for about a half an hour and I was having a blast. I came several times and it was really relaxing. Then the men decided it was time to get serious.

Tommy helped me out of the tub and led me back to the bedroom. He sat on the bed and told me to get on my knees and suck his cock some more and to stick my ass in the air for Nick.

I did what I was told, and a few seconds later, I felt lube being rubbed into my ass.

Uh oh.

I had only had anal a few times and I didn't really like it all that much. Gary enjoyed it far more than I, but he was content to play with my ass and to not shove his eight inches up it.

There was no time to explain this to Nick and I was too sexed up to disappoint anyway. He lubed his cock too and then he began to push the head into me. My ass was resisting, but he just kept leaning into me and eventually my little rosebud gave way. He pushed in a few inches at a time until he was most of the way inside my ass. Then he started to fuck me with long steady strokes and I was so hot that I was liking it.

It just felt so damn naughty and dirty and that put me into sexual over-drive. Then Nick did something unexpected. He grabbed my hips and lifted me up and my mouth was torn away from Tommy's cock. I was now being held in mid air with a cock in my ass and my legs spread out obscenely wide.

Now, I am not a big woman, but I weigh almost 120 pounds. I'm no feather. Well, he picked me up and held me as if I was weightless. These guys were both big and strong.

I had an idea what was in store for me as I have watched my share of porn. I was right, as Tommy got up and stepped between my spread legs and got his immense phallus lined up with my pussy.

He leaned into me and my lights almost went out. I was as tight as a vise and he had a hell of a time getting inside me. He just kept at me--pushing into me and getting an inch or so inside my pussy with each thrust. 

The deeper Tommy got, the further I slipped into total sexual oblivion.
