 Copyright © January 2019 by CiaoSteve

CiaoSteve reserves the right to be identified as the author of this work. This story cannot be published, as a whole or in part, without the express agreement of the author other than the use of brief extracts as part of a story review.

This is a work of fiction. The events described here are imaginary; the settings and characters are fictitious and are not intended to represent specific places or living persons.

Author's Notes

Foreword #1: All sexually active characters in this story are over 18.

Foreword #2: This is a story and intended purely for pleasure.

Foreword #3: This is a fourth chapter in the Voyage of Self Discovery series. Although there is a little recap at the start of the story, you may want to read the earlier parts to get up to speed with the journey so far.

Foreword #4: This story was inspired from a suggestion from a fellow reader, Bablee, whose name I have used in the story but for no other purpose than having a name for a character.

Foreword #5: Thank you so much to mbrow for being kind enough to read the draft story and provide his edits. Very much appreciated.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

It was my darling husband who bought me this notebook, leather bound with gold trimmings, as an homage to my fifty years. It was my darling husband who also suggested I put it to good use. He even bought the pen that I have been using to write my memoirs. Sometimes I have to pinch myself to remember that it is a real story and one in which I was the centre of all attention.

So now my love life is better than it's ever been — okay, at a little over fifty it is more about the quality than the quantity, but it is still better than ever. In my time away, I learnt much about myself and even more about my relationship with my darling husband.

My introduction to this new world had been tentative to say the least. It started with a stranger on the top deck of a cruise ship. As I watched his wife getting ravaged by another's cock, he sat unperturbed and pleasured me past the point of no return. Even his explanation took me by surprise at the time, although now I can fully connect with what he said.

"That's what makes our love so much stronger. It is a matter of trust and freedom. We love each other so intimately, but sometimes in a relationship you just need a little bit more. That's where the freedom comes into it. We are both free to be ourselves, together or apart, yet we know we will come back to each other happier and stronger."

An evening with a fellow member of the team really started me on my voyage of discovery. For all I was naive and conservative, Melodee was the total opposite. It was she who pointed out that Swinger's bar was nothing to do with baseball. It was also she who showed me just how personal and exquisite sex could be. What started as nothing more than a little people watching had drawn me in to something much more interesting. All I needed was to find a suitable teacher who could show me just what I had been missing.

Her name was Melodee and the lessons had already begun.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

I was like a kid in the leadup to Christmas, hoping that one of those presents would be my next step towards sexual fulfilment and experiencing that fantasy of being pummelled all the way to heaven and back. Okay, so it wasn't Christmas and the presents were purely metaphorical, but the feeling of excitement was still the same. It had been a couple of nights since my last evening with Melodee, and I was still waiting for her next steps. She knew what I wanted, and I so hoped she could help me get there.

I'd gone somewhat full circle and taken again to lounging around on the top floor, watching the world pass you by. This time though it was more of a case of wondering rather than watching. Wondering just what private fantasies were being played out behind those closed doors. It was on one such evening that a somewhat familiar voice broke me out of my dreams.

"Back again?" he asked.

I glanced up and standing right at my side was my stranger. This is where it had all started, here on this floor, me in a similar dreamlike state, with this stranger for company. It was his wife, or more to the point the rough fucking she had received, which fuelled my own desires.

"Yes," I replied, a little sheepishly.

"And, still just looking?"

I really didn't know what to say. I so wanted to respond in the negative, but it was just a little too soon. What if I got myself into something I couldn't handle? What if the grass wasn't always greener on the other side of those closed doors? What though if this was the fabled golden ticket and I turned it down?

"Oh, you know. Just whiling away a little time, waiting for somebody."

"I see," he replied. "Well, my name's Paul. I need to dash, places to be and people to be with, but I do hope you find who you are waiting for. Maybe you'll find some time for us as well, before we leave. Sometimes waiting can become routine, almost expected."

I smiled back at him. My stranger now had a name, and had he just left an open invitation? I hadn't picked up on the plurality of his invite though.

"When do you leave, Paul?" I asked.

"Got another few days. Disembark at the weekend and then back to the grind. I meant what I said . . . sorry I feel so embarrassed, but I wonder if I may ask your name once more. You did tell me, and I should have remembered."

"Bablee," I replied. "I'm Bablee."

"Well, Bablee, I meant what I said. It really would be fantastic if you had the chance to join us one evening. I told my wife about our little meeting and how you enjoyed more than just her little show. I think she found it just a little exciting to know that somebody had been watching her. She has been longing to meet you ever since. Think about it, but as I said, I must dash now. Bye, Bablee. See you soon, I hope."

"Friday?" I called out after him.

He turned and smiled.

"Friday sounds just wonderful. Same time, same place."

Paul walked into the distance. It was his presence which had started this journey and now I had fallen for his charms once more. What had I done? Friday was just a few days away and I was nothing more than a mere amateur stepping into the ranks of the professionals. No, amateur was wrong. When it came to this sort of encounter, I was a total novice.

I watched Paul all the way until he disappeared into one of the rooms at the end of the deck. The door closed behind him and I continued to stare, wondering to myself. Was he alone? Was his wife already waiting for him? Had she already stripped off and made herself comfortable? Maybe she was already enjoying herself with somebody else? What if it was me walking into that room?

I was shocked at how direct I had been. Come on, to practically offer myself to an almost total stranger was not the behaviour of a forty-something housewife. Deep inside though it was probably my own version of that Dutch courage. If I was going to taste this life, then I would do it by jumping in at the deep end. I only hoped that Melodee would find some way of teaching me not to drown, before I took my giant leap. Can you imagine how I felt when, having returned to my cabin, there was a slip of paper under my door? I scooped it up off the floor, closed the door behind me and, sitting on the bed, unfolded the note.

"Bablee, tomorrow night at seven. Meet me in Swingers. Melodee."

My heart was doing cartwheels. Melodee had arranged something. I wasn't sure what, but she had been true to her word. Full of excitement I scribbled a replied "I'll be there" on the bottom of the note and slipped it back under her door.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

It was about half past six when I grabbed a seat at the bar. Swingers was already busy enough for people to fade into the background without being overly crowded. I'd purposefully picked a stool at one end of the bar but with a clear view back towards the entrance, ready to up and leave as soon as Melodee arrived. I sat there taking in my surroundings, glancing at the groups arriving then leaving, imagining for myself just what each had in mind. Most were guests, but some were employees, identifiable by the black Liberation Cruises tops that they wore. A voice from the side woke me out of my concentrative state.

"Penny for them?" came the barman's voice.

"Sorry?" I replied.

"Well, you seemed to have something on your mind. I just thought I'd ask. You know, a problem shared is a problem halved. I've seen you around, haven't I?"

I glanced up at him. The name badge was a giveaway, but there was something comforting in his appearance. It wasn't his looks, or his physique, but simply that Dave seemed to be of a similar age to myself. I smiled.

"You might have done. I work downstairs in the kid's clubs."

"Could be," came his reply. "So, what brings you up here tonight?"

"Just waiting for a friend," I replied.

There was laughter before Dave continued. "That's what they all say." He tapped his nose in a knowing sort of way. "Anyway, what goes on in Swingers stays in Swingers. Can I get you anything while you're waiting?"

I thought he'd never ask. Dutch courage ordered, I watched as he shuffled off along the bar. A couple of minutes later Dave returned, drink in hand. He placed a paper mat down on the wooden counter followed by a small glass of the amber nectar. Lifting it to my mouth, I took a sip. The warmth hit me just as before. I was about to put the glass down when the mat itself caught my eye, or rather what was written on the mat. It was like a menu, but a menu of experiences rather than food and drink. As I drank, I read it word for word.

Swingers -- Where Dreams Come True

 

Whatever you want, whenever you need it. Your happiness is our satisfaction. Don't be shy, have a drink with us and maybe something a little more exciting for afters. Not sure what you want, browse our wonderful menu below, or ask your barman for his recommendation.

 

- Private Room 

- Female Companion 

- Male Companion

- Something Special (rates on request . . . just ask, you may be surprised)

- Tickets for the Grand Ball 

- Tickets for the Grand Ball (Captain's Table)

 

When you are ready to order then just give your nearest barman the nod and he'll take care of everything. 

I was still contemplating the Grand Ball when Dave returned.

"Get you anything else? Another drink maybe, or a little something for later?"

I blushed, like the naughty teenager who had just been caught glancing at the magazines on the top shelf.

"Thanks Dave, but not tonight. As I said, I'm just waiting for somebody. In fact, she's on her way."

There, walking straight towards the bar was Melodee. Tonight though, she was dressed for work, mini skirt accompanied by black top. Had she forgotten about our evening together? I stood up and beckoned to her. It seemed though that Melodee had something else on her mind, approaching the other end of the counter and chatting away to Dave. I was too far away to hear their conversation, but by the smiles and nodding heads I was sure they were discussing some sort of arrangements. I sat back down and finished my drink. Maybe, this time wasn't for me. I was just about to order another, maybe to drown my rapidly fading expectations, when Dave approached.

"You're Babble, aren't you?"

"Bablee," I replied.

"Sure, sorry never was good with names. Well your friend wants to know if you're gonna sit there all night or if you're gonna join her for a little fun. I know what I'd be doing if I was in your shoes."

The wink said it all. If it wasn't Dave, then there were bound to be hundreds who would happily embrace some personal time with young Melodee.

"Go on then, be off with you, before she changes her mind," Dave continued.

Maybe Melodee hadn't forgotten about her promise for the evening. I wasn't going to hang around to find out though. Jumping up from my stool, I joined her at the other end of the bar. What I really didn't expect was the kiss, a smacker right on the lips, which came as a welcome. It was just, sort of, uncomfortable, especially in public, and I found myself pulling back out of her arms.

"Melodee," I whispered. "Not here. Not when everyone could be watching us."

"You're such a prude, Bablee. Most of the guys up here have already made plans for the night, and the few that haven't are hoping that something exciting might just pass their way. So, they will have one thing on their mind, just like yourself. And, you know what I think, Bablee?"

"No, what?"

"Well, if you've got an audience, then give them something worth watching."

With that, Melodee once again took my head in her hands and placed her lips down on mine in a sultry embrace. I met her and reciprocated, not even easing off when she probed away at my lips with the tip of her tongue. Opening slightly, I gasped as she slid inside, sending a tingling through my mouth. It was only a minute or two, but enough to make a statement and equally enough to set my heart pounding in anticipation.

"And Bablee, I'll wager that most eyes were looking at you rather than me."

"No, it can't be," I replied.

"Want to stay around and find out? I'm sure I'm not wrong. Alternatively, I've got one of these cabins with my name on it and a little surprise inside. Would be a shame to keep him waiting."

"Him?"

"I'll explain on the way. Come on then, let's get going."

It only took a few minutes to walk from the bar to the cabin, but just enough time for Melodee to fill me in on the arrangements she had made. She explained a bit more about some of the options on the bar menu. When it mentioned companions, then that was simply another service offered by Liberation Cruises. People were free to make their own arrangements, or to ask for a little help from those donning the infamous black shirts. I glanced at Melodee's own black top and the penny seemed to drop. Each coloured shirt had a meaning, a role in the organisation, and black was no different. I was all ears as Melodee explained more about the boat's extra-curricular schedule.

"So, the requests come in a couple of days in advance and those of us with a black shirt get a little extra work to do. Usually it is random, but sometimes the request asks for a specific companion. Tonight's request was for me by name, and when somebody asks by name you really cannot refuse. What he doesn't know though, is that he's gonna get twice the enjoyment tonight."

"I see. So, what do they normally want?"

"Well, that really depends on the individual. You remember the drawer back in my room, the one with all the toys?"

"Yes."

"Well, I guess that gives you a flavour. Now, wait here a sec and I'll see if our guest is up for surprises."

I waited outside as Melodee opened the door and entered. What glimpse I did get suggested that this room was just like the one from that first night. It was smartly furnished, a large bed dominating proceedings, and yes it had the floor to ceiling windows that I so desired to be fucked against. How long had I waited? I wasn't sure, but I guessed not much more than five minutes. Even so, at least two other couples had already asked if I was at a loose end. Finally, the door opened and Melodee beckoned me in.

"John, please let me introduce Bablee."

I smiled at John. He wasn't quite what I imagined of a guy who went in for this sort of thing. For all my stranger was confident, outgoing and with an air of the extrovert, John was quite the opposite. He was . . . what was the word . . . normal. If I was a forty-something housewife, then John could well have been the male equivalent.

"Pleased to meet you John," I replied.

"You too, Bablee."

There was an awkward silence, as we both looked deep into each other's eyes. It was John who broke the silence.

"I hope you don't mind me saying so, but you're one beautiful woman, Bablee."

He was just saying it. If he had said that Melodee was beautiful then for sure I would have agreed, but here he was applying the same compliment to myself. Even though I knew it was just to make me feel welcome, I blushed slightly. I was wondering what was coming next when I heard Melodee's sweet voice whispering into my ear.

"You see. I told you Bablee, you're irresistible, you've got that . . . that, little something. He wants you Bablee, so let him know that you want him too."

"How? What if I don't . . ." I whispered back at her, without ever finishing the sentence.

"Don't worry Bablee. You know what to do, and he'll make sure he lets you know what he likes. Do it my girl. Go and enjoy yourself. I'll be here to help, but something tells me you'll be a natural."

With Melodee's words ringing in my ears I took my first true step on my voyage of self-discovery. I wrapped one arm around the back of John's neck and pulled myself on to him.

"Thank you, John," I whispered into his ear, my mouth brushing his soft lobe as I spoke. "You say the nicest things. Now, what would you say if I did this?"

I never gave him the chance to reply. In one swift movement I swivelled around, my body now pressed tight against his, one leg wrapped around the back of his thighs like a sultry tango dancer. I landed my soft lips up against his and felt the tingle of excitement as we stood and kissed. By the time his tongue touched mine, my breathing was already coming fast and short. I so wanted to gasp each time our tongues met, tiny shocks pulsing through my mouth with every touch.

Holding on tight, my immediate desire was to keep him locked in that embrace, our lips seemingly fused together. John though had other things on his mind, his arms wrapped around me and fingers fumbled in my back. I wasn't really paying attention to what he was doing, my mind focussed purely on the excitement of that kiss and the tingle growing in my lips. Then I felt it, the hold of my bra suddenly relaxing from behind. Surprised, I pulled back from our embrace. I could feel my ample breasts dangling free from their confines and swallowed hard inside.

Suddenly I was back into that state of self-consciousness, the same worried concern as when I stripped off in Melodee's cabin. I knew though exactly what John had in mind and knew that I had to make it seem natural. Gently, he eased my top out of my trousers and inched it up my waist. As the fabric rose, I raised my arms in the air, trying my best to look as sexy as I could as he removed my top and bra. In a state of half undress, I waited for the inevitable. Here I was, a middle-aged mother standing topless in front of a total stranger, my mature breasts drooping slightly under the weight of many years. I was already expecting the worst, after all I wasn't exactly a picture of sexual desire, but it never came. What did though was a firm hand cupping each in turn, kneading gently at the soft flesh.

"Beautiful," he whispered, before pulling me in close once more.

We kissed, and I wrapped that leg back around his body once more. What came next took me by surprise. In an instant my feet were lifted off the floor and I was clinging on to John to avoid falling, wrapping my arms around his neck and both feet behind his ass. I felt him move, taking small steps forward. I could guess where we were heading, and nestled my head in against his neck, glancing over his shoulder as he carried me forward. There, slouched back in a comfy chair, was Melodee, one leg over the other, her mini skirt ridden high on her thighs. I watched as slowly she swapped position, a glimpse of shaven pussy coming into view as her legs uncrossed then crossed once more the other way around. I could swear she winked and blew me a kiss.
