 I had gone to the beach with my camera to get pictures and maybe hook up with women. I got more than I bargained for. I found Sandy and offered to take nude pictures of her. At first I thought she blew me off but then she showed up with her entire volleyball team and they offered to let me take pictures of them at their home.

The picture taking turned into a full blown reverse 10 on 1 gang bang and I was the "1". After I shot my wad I expected to leave but they invited me to spend the night, sleeping with them, in the nude since I had not brought any sleep wear.

I picked the names of five of them from a basket and was told that I was to sleep with them in order and needed to change beds every time I came. I fucked Jennifer that night, Sandy the next morning and Tara by the pool.

Courtney

As I stood up looking at Tara's chocolate, sweat covered body gleaming in the sunlight, I felt a hand on my arm. It was Darlene, dressed in shorts and a top that dangled from her breasts and exposed her entire mid section. "Definitely my turn now, Kyle," she proclaimed. "Come with me."

Darlene was the leader of the group. She took care of the finances for the house and ruled everything with a firm but velvet touch. "Ariel, bring the camera and, Courtney, bring the video camera," she commanded. I had given Ariel one of my still cameras when I started in with Tara. Courtney had apparently grabbed my video camera while we were in action. I wondered what kind of quality they had shot.

As I followed her into the house I confessed, "I'm pretty worn. I'm not sure I can get it up again." Then added, "I doubt there's even a drop of cum left inside."

"Well, I think I can get you up," she said. "And I really don't care how much liquid you can emit. Would you like a pill?"

"A pill?" I asked.

"Yes, a pill, Viagra?" she said.

I remembered that Sandy had said something about that. "Is that legal?" I asked. "Isn't that a prescription medication?"

"Do you have blood pressure issues or take nitrates for chest pain?"

"No." I responded, puzzled.

"Then you should be fine with it," she said. "Want some?"

"No I don't think so." I responded.

"So you can get it up anyway?"

"I don't know. What if I can't."

"We will see. We will see."

She stopped in the dining room. "It's lunch time, want to eat first?"

I didn't hesitate. I knew I could use a rest. "Sure, what do you have?"

She told Ariel and Courtney to put the cameras down and went into the kitchen. Ariel went back to the pool but Courtney stayed to have lunch with us. She was completely naked and sat next to me with her legs slightly spread. Courtney was a lovely blonde. It seemed obvious that her hair was bleached, it was so light. But then her skin was almost white too. She had a perfect oval face with amazing blue eyes. As I looked at them I realized the blue had an outline of pale green that made the blue really stand out. Her figure was an exaggerated hourglass with her hips and breasts being a bit large given how thin her waist was. I wasn't sure whether her waist was too thin for her body or her hips were too large. Her breasts were perfect, grapefruit sized teardrops with large pink aureoles and large nipples each pierced with a bar. Her pubic hair had been shaved to a thin strip and all the hair over her labia had been removed. As she sat I saw a glint inside her clamshell cunt and realized she had a pierced clit.

"Didn't it hurt to have that done?" I blurted out.

"What? she asked and then noticed where I was pointing.

"Oh, this little thing?" she spread her legs wider and parted her shaved clam, exposing a small ring hanging from her clit. "Well, maybe a bit, but it sure helps with the orgasms." She smiled and laughed, "and there was a really exquisite thrill that came with the pain." she pulled on the ring, stretching her clit and its hood almost an inch out. "Sometimes I pull on it just to experience a bit of the pain again," she said as her eyes began to water. "Have a pull."

I hesitated, and then grasped the ring, not sure how hard to pull. I pulled until it met some resistance. "More than that," she said and I pulled harder.

"Ohh! that's it! Ohh!" I wiggled it back and forth a little. "Oh!" she exclaimed. She had her head thrown back and her eyes closed. I tugged a bit more, gave another wiggle and released it. The skin popped back and was slowly covered by the closing clam. 

"Let me know if you want to do it again," she told me.

"Sure," I said and reached in to give another pull.

Celibacy Week

Something occurred to me. "Last night two of you were in their periods but I've seen most of your pussies today and I didn't see any tampon strings."

"I am sure all our periods are over," she told me.

"All over?"

"Sure, we have them at the same time."

"So it's true then?"

"What's that?"

"That women who live together have synchronized periods."

"You mean naturally? I've never heard that?"

"But you women have your periods synchronized."

"Not naturally, we're all on the pill you know."

"So?"

"So, the pill allows us to make sure all our periods occur at the same time?"

"But only two of you had tampons last night."

"More accurately, the pill allows us to make sure all our periods start at about the same time. The duration varies."

"So why do you do that?"

"Isn't it obvious?"

My blank look answered her question.

"Since we share guys the way we do no one wants to be out of the lottery because they're in their period. So every month we have a 'celibacy week' when we're in our periods and no guys come over."

"Oh," I said. I had wondered why there were no guys around given how horny and beautiful these women were. "How come I'm here?"

"Well, 'celibacy week' ends today. When Sandy told us of your offer of nude photos, we were feeling like some sexual activity. And then when you told us you couldn't take the pictures in the motel it was an easy decision to invite you for something more entertaining than just posing nude."

Darlene returned with small bowls of soup and some half sandwiches. "Tomato soup and chicken salad," she announced. "What are you talking about?"

"Celibacy week," Courtney told her. "Kyle heard some urban legend about women synchronizing periods naturally."

"I've heard that," Darlene said. "Don't know if it's true."

"I also let him pull my love ring," Courtney said, exposing her clit.

"Just remember, he's mine next," Darlene responded, giving the ring a quick but intense tug.

"So, Kyle," she continued. "Anything else you're curious about?"

"Play volleyball a lot?" I asked in the way of conversation.

"Play volleyball? why would you ask that?" she responded.

"Remember what we did yesterday?" Courtney told her. "What we were doing when he approached Sandy?"

"Oh, yeah, volleyball," Darlene laughed. "No, we seldom play volleyball. Tara and Sandy are the only decent players. Lauren is our only other athlete and she's not really built for volleyball."

"She has the height," Courtney mentioned.

"That she does," Darlene responded, "but not the quickness."

Then she continued her explanation. "We just decided to do that on a lark when we saw the tourney was during 'celibacy week'."

"So, you didn't win anything?" I asked.

"Well we won the first two games and made it to the next round. But Sandy injured her ankle and we had no chance after that."

"The first couple of teams weren't any better than us but once we got into the second round I doubt we would have won even with Sandy," Courtney said. "But it was fun."

"Well it was double elimination and we quickly lost two games," Darlene concluded.

"Lucky for me," I said.

"Lucky for us too," Darlene said. "Everyone's a bit horny at the end of 'celibacy week'. Some of the girls are suggesting we always end the week by picking up a guy for a gang bang and serial fuck."

"Some of us want to go out and find a new guy each time," Courtney said with a lilting laugh.

"Others think it's too dangerous to be picking up unknown guys," Darlene said in a businesslike, discussion ending tone.

"And one of those others always gets her way," Courtney said somewhat defiantly.

"You know I'm right, Court," Darlene replied. "See if one of the other girls will take a camera and meet us in our room."

Courtney went to the pool and Darlene led me upstairs. "Our room?" I asked.

"Yes Courtney's my roommate," she told me. "She's probably the cleverest of us all and I rely on her for good advice. She's used to me going along with her, but on this I think she's let her fantasies overcome her judgment."

Enema and "Fluffing"

She led me upstairs and through her bedroom.

"Hey!" I exclaimed. "A double bed. How do you rate that?" All the other women had single beds.

"Well, it's my house and this bedroom is big enough for it. The others aren't. It's a queen bed, by the way."

I noticed that Courtney still had the usual single bed.

I sat on her bed as she stripped. She had a lovely oval face and light brown skin. Her facial features were the remarkably beautiful features of a caucasian-oriental mix: light brown, almost golden, almond shaped eyes, thin, short, perfectly proportioned nose, wide, thin mouth with glowing white teeth. Her straight, jet black hair parted in the middle and fell to the sides of her breasts where it curled slightly. She was of average height, maybe 5 foot 6. Her figure was thin with a narrow waist, slim hips and prominent breasts. She was wearing no bra and her breasts pushed out her blouse, which hung from her nipples to just above a sweet oval navel on a flat abdomen.

She pulled off the top, exposing slightly larger than hand sized breasts with dark brown aureoles and large, hard nipples. Then she removed her shorts and panties in one movement. Her thick black bush matched the color of her hair but was slightly curly whereas her hair was straight. She had a bikini shave but no hint of the detail of her cunt could be made out through the hair.

She took my hand and led me into the bathroom where she bent over to reach in the lower cabinet. As she bent over I could see large thick inner lips protruding from fleshy outer lips covered with black hair.

"What's that?" I asked as she brought out a piece of vinyl with an attached tube.

"Enema bag," she replied calmly.

"I'd prefer no anal sex," I said, remembering the one time a woman had convinced me to try it. I hadn't enjoyed it, the fit was too tight, and I ended up with a disgusting mess on my condom.

"Not exactly anal sex," she told me. "No anal penetration. This is for you. I have something I think you'll like. All the other guys do. Kneel down and bend over."

I did as she requested and felt her insert the tube in my rectum and fill it with fluid. After she removed it she said, "Hold it as long as you can."

I did and then moved quickly to the toilet and dumped a huge load. As the sickening sweet odor of my feces filled the small room Darlene turned on the fan.

"Once more," Darlene said.

This time the odor was less intnese and as I got up Darlene said, "Your turn to do me."

"No thanks," I told her.

"Well, okay," she took my hand and led me into the bedroom where Courtney and another woman were sitting nude on her bed, holding my cameras.

"This will never do," she said, shaking my limp cock. "Kay, see what you can do about it. Court, can you help me?"

I watched Darlene and Courtney go into the bathroom. "Kay" whose full name I remembered was "Kaylie" came over to me. She was a tanned, well proportioned beauty except that her handful sized, conical breasts were a bit small for the rest of her spectacular, hourglass figure. Her round face was framed by short cut brown hair and came with round brown eyes, a small mouth with invitingly large lips and a somewhat flat nose.

Her aureoles and small, hard nipples stood out because they were slightly lighter than the tan of the rest of her body. A shallow valley ran down her abdomen from the space between her breasts past her navel almost to her pubic hair. A small light brown tuft adorned her prominent mound below which was a cunt consisting of a prominent clitoral hood, thin major labia hanging an inch below her crotch and even thinner minor labia hung a half inch outside of those.

"So, Kyle, what do you want?" she asked in a husky whisper.

She spoke so sensually that I was taken aback and could only utter a, "Uuhh!"

"Oh," she said quietly, "a talkative one. Let me see."

She pushed me back onto the bed, knelt over me with her amazing labia right in my face and began stroking my cock. "Feel free to feel, lick or suck anything you see inviting," she whispered in her sultry tone.

I looked at the cunt two inches from my face. It was all inviting. I watched as the moist inner lips separated slightly. They connected with her clitoral hood and I could see no evidence of the bead I knew must be in there. I reached a hand to feel. Her labia were amazingly soft and I grasped them between two fingers and rubbed them against each other. As I did so, a drop of liquid fell onto my face. Meanwhile I felt her begin to lick at my rapidly hardening cock.

I moved my head up and extended my tongue to get a taste. My tongue slipped easily between the lips and a salty, sour liquid with a hint of spice (dill?) trickled into my mouth. I began lapping at it wildly and heard her moan quietly. As I lapped up the liquid I felt for her clit. It was large and hard but hidden entirely within the hood. I rubbed it through the hood and she moaned louder, continuing to lick my cock around the base of the tip. I began tightening my muscles so it moved and pumped up harder.

"Excellent, Kay. You're the best 'fluffer' in the business. Just leave some for me." It was Darlene, back from her enema. I vaguely remembered hearing her using and flushing the toilet but was more absorbed with Kaylie's cunt juice. Kaylie moved her mouth from my cock and stood up. I quickly shoved my fingers into her slippery vagina as she rose and managed to circle them once around her cervix before I had to withdraw them. They were soaking wet, as were my lips and chin.

Restraints and Vibrators

I sat back up and Darlene told me to lie in the middle of the bed. As I did I noticed that Kaylie had already encased my cock in a condom.

Darlene took some ropes with velvet covered handcuffs out of a drawer. "Hey! I'm not into S&M!" I protested.

"Me either," she said. "Bondage isn't necessarily S&M and I won't hurt you. You may have noticed I like to be in control."

"Yes, I guess so," I replied.

"Humor me, I think you'll enjoy yourself, ... with little exertion on your part."

She tied the ropes to each corner of the bed. Handcuffs on my wrists and ankles left me spread-eagle on my back. The ropes were loose so I could move my arms and legs slightly. "Restraining, but not too much and still comfortable," I thought.

I watched as she took a couple of hard, round, lime green objects, what looked like tiny condoms and a controller of some kind out of the same drawer. "What's all that?" I asked.

"Extra added pleasure," she said and brought them over to show me. "Finger protectors," she said taking one of the tiny condoms and unrolling it over one of the small oval round objects.

"Wireless, remote control vibrators," she explained, putting it in my hand and manipulating the control box. It sprang to life in my hand.

She turned it off, took it from my hand and pushed it up my ass! She turned it on again. "Whoa!" I exclaimed, arching my back. The tingle of the vibrations shot from my ass into my balls and the base of my cock. "What a sensation."

"I thought you'd like it," she replied as she put the other of the vibrators into a "finger protector" and shoved it up her own ass. "And I think you'll like the feel of this one too. Your cock should be right next to it in a few minutes."

"Kay," she said, "I was going to ask you to take pictures of us, but Kyle here was really enjoying your pussy. I just want his cock. Could you sit on his face for me. I think it'll keep him harder. Court, if you wouldn't mind taking photos or movies, whatever you think appropriate."

I watched as she knelt between my legs and began sucking my cock. Then Kaylie knelt over my face pushing her ankles under my outstretched arms and lowered her cunt to my mouth. I was absorbed in playing with her labia using my tongue and feeling her wetness soaking my chin when Darlene turned on the vibrator. The sudden, erotic sensation spreading from my ass to my balls surprised me and I yelled, jerking my hips up.

Darlene's Turn

Darlene had stopped sucking and I could feel her straddling my hips. She turned off the vibrator and I felt the slippery soft, warmth of her vagina slowly sliding over my cock. I pushed up into her, momentarily forgetting about the enticing cunt at my face.

My hips encountered hers, she pushed down to fully engulf me and flicked the vibrators on. I felt the vibrator in my ass send its waves of pleasure throughout my crotch and the vibrator in her ass was stimulating the underside of my cock. I pushed my hips up hard against hers trying to increase the pleasure. She pulled herself up. As my cock began sliding out, the vibrations from her ass moved up the shaft until they reached the tip of my cock and I yelled out.

She switched the vibrators off and began riding my cock with long, slow strokes. I felt dampness from her cunt begin to drip over my balls.

Meanwhile, Kaylie had become impatient with my ignoring her cunt and pushed it down against my face. She wiggled her ass and rubbed her cunt against my face from nose to chin. I stuck my tongue out, trying to get inside her vagina but her movements caused it to slide back and forth over her cunt from clit to ass and back.

The vibrator began going on and off to bring my attention back to what was happening at my genitals where Darlene had increased the speed of her strokes.

Kaylie moved so my tongue was at her clit and pushed harder onto my face. I pushed my tongue up into her hood to find and lick at the hardened bead of her clit.

The vibrator turning on and off and Darlene's rapid stokes brought my attention back to my cock. Involuntarily I began pushing up against her as she came down and tightened all the muscles in my crotch each time the vibrator came on. The pleasure was incredible!

I was trying to still pay some attention to Kaylie's clit but wasn't too successful at that. I knew I would be cumming soon.

Then Darlene turned off the vibrator and stopped her movement with her hips against mine and my cock fully engulfed by her vagina.

"Your turn is over," she told Kaylie.

"I'm almost ready to cum!" Kaylie protested. "A few more licks at my clit!"

"Let Courtney do that," she said, "or use your finger. I want him to myself now."

A combination of wetness from her cunt and my own saliva poured onto my face as Kaylie got up. But she didn't go away. She just went over to my hand and sat on it so my fingers could stoke her and she began moving against my fingers. I pushed my thumb against the bead of her clit in an attempt to give her what she wanted.

"Okay, use his fingers instead of your own," Darlene said as she lowered her body against mine and began rubbing her breasts, more accurately -- her hardened nipples, over my chest.

She moved up so my cock came out of her and put one nipple at my mouth. "Suck it!" she demanded and I complied. then she did the same with the other nipple. Meanwhile Kaylie started moaning as I continued to stroke her clit.

I felt something damp at my other hand and saw that Courtney had decided to join in the fun. I pushed a couple of finger into her tight cunt and she began moving back and forth with my fingers inside and my thumb at her clit.
