 Last Wednesday...

This little adventure began six months after I'd arrived in Los Angeles.

I'd finished up my undergrad work at Tulane the spring before and decided I needed a major change in my life. I was twenty-one and feeling more or less directionless. On a whim I packed up everything I owned at the time and headed off to parts unknown. I think maybe I had always been heading for Los Angeles in the back of my mind. New Orleans, the city where I was born and bred, the jewel in the crown of the South, seemed tired and old to me. It wasn't the home I knew from my childhood and I couldn't imagine making a life there, nor could I imagine moving back to Colorado either.

I had heard from a friend of one of my frat brothers that his cousin was looking for a roommate to share rent on a place in Hollywood. Never having been to LA, I can tell you I had all sorts of illusions about what it was going to be like. Most of these had to do with me bedding all the models that were allegedly all over the town, as well as just generally being "discovered". Whatever the hell that means.

Reality is sometimes stranger than fiction.

Chuck was the name of my frat brother's cousin. And he accepted me as his roommate.

I'd shown up on his doorstep with nothing but my car, three suitcases, two boxes full of junk, a thousand bucks in a checking account, and a lot of good luck.

Chuck had his particular set of issues, of which there were many. He was an actor. You realize, of course, that in LA this is not an unusual thing. Everyone in LA is a writer, director or actor. Sometimes all three rolled into one. It really meant he was unemployed most of the time and tended bar to survive.

But this was good for me, for the most part anyway, because it meant he met a lot of girls.

During my first odyssey into this world of excess I had a succession of ten so-called girlfriends. All of whom were unemployed actresses or wannabe models. I had a new one for every month of the year. In reality they were each just long term overlapping sexual encounters with women who made their living working at coffee shops or waitressing in restaurants. There was no real substance. It should go without saying that no one in LA is in it for anyone other than themselves. Every person wants a little something from everyone else: the 'what can you do for me?' syndrome. I knew what they wanted: a fuck and an introduction to someone more important than myself. I could give them a real good fuck at least.

What did I want?

I didn't know at the time. I was living the life of Reilly. I'd gotten this sweet gig with a film producer at a studio, which meant I fetched his dry cleaning and read a lot of scripts. And didn't get paid much to do it. It was a job that, by itself, got me laid at least ten times and into dozens of free movies. So on balance it had its perks. But I was an early victim and becoming jaded as the glamour factor quickly started to wear thin.

The apartment Chuck and I shared was actually in Studio City in the Valley, near where Laurel Canyon and Ventura Boulevard met. It was a great little strip of bars and other odd assortments of nightlife. 

The apartment was a walk up though, on the third floor of a building, and thus had no elevator. In fact there were sixty-nine stairs up to my floor. No shit! Sixty-nine. From the sidewalk to the front door of my apartment. I'd actually had occasion to count them one day. So it's a good thing I went to the gym a lot, because there were some days when that hike damn nearly killed me.

And that Wednesday happened to be one of those nights.

It was December, which meant rain. Must've been an El Nino year or something 'cause on this particular night it was raining like someone had turned on a hose or something and, stupidly, I had forgotten to take an umbrella with me to work that day. I was soaked through and through by the time I put the key in the security door to the entry lobby.

What made the picture more complete was the fact that I had just gone shopping and was halfway home when the clouds burst.

Picture me walking up three flights, with sixty-nine stairs, carrying two soaked grocery bags. Thank god for paper and plastic or I would've lost it all somewhere along the way.

By the time I'd gotten to the kitchen and unpacked everything I was seriously irritated and hyper. Murphy's law I guess. I would have liked to vent my frustrations with someone, but Chuck was out bartending and I was on my own.

I pulled a beer out of the fridge and weighed my options for the evening's entertainment possibilities.

I was between steady chicks at the time.

Stephanie had broken up with me because she was now screwing this guy who had a pad up in the hills, more power to the bitch, and it was still about fifteen days before I would meet the spicy Erika for the first time at this happening little place on Sunset.

There just was not much going down in the entertainment department.

I guessed I could always head down to the bar and see what was what with Chuck. There were always good times to be had and plenty of women who hadn't experienced my charms yet. Still it was Wednesday night and morning came so early. But, man, a long hard fuck sounded so good.

On the other hand, I'd have to change into something respectable or at least decent and go back out into the rain, and then there was time spent chatting up some hottie before she'd let me in her bed, or agree to come into mine.

After careful deliberation, I decided I could wait until the weekend to get laid and settled on the next best thing: a porno and a good wanking.

Hindsight, as they say, is twenty-twenty.

After stripping down into just my boxers for maximum viewing comfort, I went to check the TV to see what was playing on the pay-per-view porn channels. Of course you can never find a mother-fucking thing when you want it. And like most men I can't do anything without the remote, so I searched for a good ten minutes before I remembered that it was on a bookshelf by the window in the living room.

I walked over to pick it up and I happened to glance out the window into the dark street when I noticed something that made me look again.

Bare ass.

Right there in front of God and everybody! And what an ass it was. Oh, yeah, baby. Damn fine, finger licking, slap your grandma good! Luscious and round, just a little too ample for the figure it was attached to, but made just the way I like 'em.

Did I mention it was stark mother fucking naked?

Now the ass may have caught my attention, but the rest of the body kept my eyes moving.

Whoever she was, her hands were moving up through her hair right then exposing her soft back. Teasingly the outlines of her ample breasts were to be seen hanging down from her front. They must've been nice big mounds. I wasn't sure from where she was standing, but it looked like she had a fine pair of long supple legs leading down from that gorgeous ass.

This image hung there perfectly framed in the window in a building almost directly across from mine, haunting my mind. The window was just a little lower than mine so that my line of sight was almost directly into her apartment. I could see pretty much everything.

My mouth was hanging open at this point, and I couldn't help but stare. It was like I was in sixth grade again and discovering naked women for the first time. The sun had set and her apartment lights were on, oblivious that the rest of the world could look in.

Glancing at some of the other apartments everyone seemed to have their shades drawn except me. Of course she couldn't see me, as her back was turned my way.

What the hell, I thought, if this bitch has got it, go ahead and flaunt it.

She held her position for a long time. She sure as shit wasn't getting dressed or anything. Her hands moved over her body, stroking herself, cupping her breasts. Maybe she was modeling for someone I couldn't see? At one point she even turned around and wiggled her ass like she was dancing to music I couldn't hear.

I was spellbound and couldn't move.

Inside the room, I couldn't see anyone else. The angle was just good enough that I could see her queen size bed. She moved over to the edge of the bed, facing me, her hand now moving down to massage her pussy. Her eyes were closed. That pussy looked puffy and red in the glare of her bedroom lights. It's amazing the kind of view that was available across that alleyway.

Then she sat down on the bed. She had her other hand around her left breast tugging and caressing it in her rising excitement.

Her mouth was partially open and she seemed to be moaning out while she played with herself. Like any male in my position, the sight transfixed me there, examining this woman getting it on with herself.

My breathing became heavier as she fingered her moistened clit. I couldn't quite see it from here, but I'm sure it was hard enough to cut glass. She pinched at her nipples, and then she slid a finger back and forth over that clit, with painful slowness finally sliding her finger down over her wet pussy lips. Oh, it was so mesmerizing, all pink and juicy.

Does she taste as good as she looked, I wondered?

The view was so incredible and my little Bruce Banner had long since become the Incredible Hulk. Eagerly, I pushed my boxers down, giving access of my raging hard-on to my willing hand. I squeezed out enough pre-cum to slick up my palm for the pleasurable duty and then began working up my cock.

Watching this woman fondle herself with her talented hands was making me so horny. And I'm so glad I didn't spend money on porn when I was getting this show for free.

As I watched she then inserted her third and fourth fingers into her hole. I raked my fingers up and down my shaft in unison to her actions. We both had our hands working our own equipment, frantically fucking ourselves. The only thing that would have made it better would have been to be together.

Eventually, she reached under her ass with her other hand and slid a finger deep in her pink rosebud of an asshole. Unbelievably, she started sliding in a second finger too. This woman was fucking her cunt and asshole simultaneously with only the benefit of her own fingers.

My own pace increased as I gripped the window ledge, moaning along with her, no longer caring who might see me standing there.

I saw her head fall back as her mouth fell open. My eyes took in the wail of her orgasm that my ears could not hear. Her eyes were still closed as she screamed out again and again for her own pleasure.

She had to have been cumming hard.

My own dick was pulsing, held back by sheer force of will. My hand was drenched in the clear, sticky, lubricating fluid of my pre-cum, which I seemed to be spewing now by the bucketful. Then she finished as the tension in her figure suddenly relaxed. Like a catalyst my cock sprayed out milky, white fluid just at that moment. Both our drenched hands continuing to fist ourselves until were completely spent.

Looking down I saw the mess that I had just made on my hands and on the floor.

When I looked up I found that her eyes were finally open and that she was looking right at me. I returned her gaze, somewhat sheepishly, standing there holding myself, not knowing what she was going to do.

She made not a single indication of whether she was surprised, angry or turned on. She simply got up off the bed, moved over to the window and closed the blinds.

Like that she was gone. And I was still all alone.

* * *

Last Thursday...

I called up Chuck the next day from work to ask him about it. He usually cruised in around three or four in the morning, after the bar closed, and consequently was never up before noon.

He knew instantly who I was talking about though.

"Score, dude!" he said, through a mouthful of something he was chowing down on, "I know the one, brunette, big ass, nice tits, right? Yeah, I know the one."

"So what's the story, dude?" I asked, casually, "Have you bagged her yet?"

"No man," he said, "I don't even know her. Every once in awhile I've seen her playing with herself. Sometimes there's a little more, but I've only seen her once or twice. Derek lives in her building, you remember him? He plays guitar down at the Derby? Anyway, he says her name is Diane."

Derek was the guy that Chuck scored our weed from and he was sort of a fixture in our lives, if just on the periphery. I ran into him a lot at parties around town.

"Derek says all that, huh?" I asked, curious.

"Yeah, dude," he told me, "She blew him or some shit like that at a party on the Fourth last summer."

That was pretty much all I got out of Chuck on that subject.

I had a lot to do that day, but the image of Diane, if that was indeed her name, stayed in my mind throughout the rest of the day. There'd been such a rush watching her play with herself when she didn't know I was looking, and even more when she had found out.

Some of my co-workers invited me out for drinks after work, but strangely I found myself making excuses to get home as early as possible. I was oddly fixated on the image of that particularly tender cunt, and all I wanted was to get inside it.

I made my way home through the tangled traffic of the city to arrive a little before seven o'clock.

I didn't even bother with dinner, I was so eager to get to the window. For a long time the place was dark, but just when I was about to give up hope the light came on.

I could see her beautiful oval face and full lips from across the space between our windows. She had a dark tan over her silky skin and a beautiful curvy figure. Most interestingly though was the fact that this Asian beauty was not Diane.

I didn't know who she was, but she crawled onto the bed and peeled off her tight shirt. The woman's breasts were firm and medium in size, smaller than Diane's, but perfectly shaped for her size. Each sported a delicate brownish pink nipple.

Then Diane came into view.

Without hesitation she grabbed the other woman's thighs and pulled down her jeans so that the other woman was in nothing but silky black panties.

The Asian woman looked nervous and there was a moment of hesitation, but Diane was drawn in, as was I, to the full lips of her conquest, so warm and inviting. 

Diane took her firmly by the chin and looked deeply into the other girl's eyes before lifting her face to her so that her questing tongue could enter the other mouth. Locking their lips together as their breathing became as one.

Diane was aggressive like a man, her kiss dominant and insistent. Pushing the Asian woman down onto her back, Diane climbed overtop of her.

Her hand moved down to finger the front of the Asian's panties. The Asian woman arched her back as Diane found the spots that would ignite her engine. Then teasingly her hand stroked up the curves of the tanned thigh, tracing from the knee to the place where the breast curved up from her chest, to run around the nipple. In moments the full pink lips of Diane had found their way down to the nipple, tongue teasing and torturing it.

The girl seemed to be mouthing something, it might have been a moan of pleasure or the line from a song, but it encouraged Diane to continue her explorations down the firm stomach, painfully slowly, until she reached the tops of the panties, teasingly biting them with her teeth.

Then just as quickly she crawled back up so that she was face to face with the woman beneath her. Their breasts one set covered and the other free, pushed together, relaxing for long moments in their mutual groping, enjoying the warmth and feel of each other's bodies.

Then they stared into each other's eyes, even closer now than before, their noses almost brushing together. This time the Asian took the initiative and pulled her head up to reach Diane's mouth. Regaining the upper hand, Diane came in slowly again, sliding her tongue between the other's lips, exploring the warm wet aperture of the other's mouth. The long tongue probed around in the Asian's mouth, seeking her tongue. They both opened their mouths and kissed deep, Diane getting her tongue down as far she could, playing with the other woman's. After a long heated session, Diane finally broke the lock. They were both hot and heavy.

Diane got up and slowly and pulled her tight dress up over her thighs, revealing more and more of her beautifully tanned skin and then further till it came up over her plump breasts revealing the two perfectly shaped melons. She sported a frilly white pair of panties.

The Asian woman moved her hands lovingly over the thighs and cheeks of Diane's ass. Then Diane pushed the other woman onto the bed, feeling up the explicit smoothness of the fine skin of the other woman's thighs.

Even I could see how wet her panties were clinging desperately to her. Diane used her hands to peel them down and away, revealing the gorgeous neatly trimmed bush of the other woman. The hair around her pussy so delicate that is seemed almost to have the blush of innocence.

It was a beautiful wet pussy. The Asian woman moaned as Diane's fingers wandered over the little swelling of flesh near the hard and swollen lips. Diane left the pussy for a while and concentrated her tongue on moving over the two tan ass cheeks and thighs. Her long tongue lashed out as she started to lick and gorge herself the cheeks of the ass. She alternated licking and biting lightly, then sucking on the skin or moving her tongue to lap at the woman like a cat at a saucer of milk.

Then the Asian woman arched her back so the she too could massage her ass and breasts with her hands in time to Diane's ministrations.

Diane continued kissing the woman's inner thighs, working her way alternately inwards to the crack positioned before her face. When she had reached her destination she parted the luscious puckered lips.

She seemed to refrain from placing her tongue on them and instead forced the other woman to arch even further so that she could probe her ass with her tongue.

Diane set to work in the space. Even though my angle was somewhat obscured, I could imagine the tight little rosebud sticking out. My dick ached to imagine what it must be like.

Diane continued to sniff and lick the opening. Then she opened her mouth and caressed the hole with her wet tongue, in long wet stokes. She pushed hard with her tongue against the opening but even though she had stretched the cheeks wide with her hands, she could not get her tongue past the taut sphincter. 

Perhaps a little disappointed at her failure, there were now no more games.

Diane held the woman's silky thighs firmly and pushed her tongue in the wet lips of the other woman's pussy, with all her might, slow at first then harder and harder until she was fucking her cunt with her long tongue. The other woman appeared to cry out with joy and started pushing back down in rhythm. Her pussy clenching around the long and hot tongue. Diane pulled out of it and licked up and down the entire outer surface of her pussy.

She then opened up the slit with her two forefingers and exposed the almost brilliant pinkness of the pussy. Bright pink and thoroughly soaked in juices. Then Diane went for the little clit. The other woman visibly moaned in ecstasy as Diane went back to licking and sucking on it with her full lips.

The other woman appeared to cum, bucking against the bed as Diane's tongue became too intense and then yelled out in orgasm. As she did Diane stuck a finger deep in her pussy, probing around inside it.

She pulled the pretty face close to hers and looked deep into the other woman's oval eyes, kissing her softly on her pert little nose. The Asian woman closed her eyes and they kissed again, closed mouth at first and then both of them opened their mouths wide and played with each others tongues for another minute or so. When they reluctantly broke off they were both hot and horny again. Diane squeezed the Asian's ass cheeks and kissed down her neck, inching closer and closer to the pert breasts.
