 The next morning, I eased out of a deep sleep as the gray hues of dawn pushed away the total darkness. I became aware of my morning woody and reached under the covers to feel how hard it was. It was hard. The covers rose and fell as my hand took several full-length strokes.

I was startled when I felt fingers cradling my balls and then an arm dropped across my upper right thigh. My head snapped to the right and there beside me under the covers with just her head showing was Divi grinning at me. She fondled my balls with her right hand and said, "Good morning Jack."

"Jesus Divi. What are you doing here? You shouldn't be here." I released my cock and pulled her hand away from my balls. She pulled out of my grip and grabbed my hard cock and immediately started jerking me off. The sensation was amazing but I had to keep a clear head. I pulled her hand off my cock but she went right back for it. I finally had to pull her hand off and hold on to her wrist. "How long have you been here?"

Divi smiled and tried to pull her hand away but I held on knowing where it was going if I let her go. "Most of the night. You snore pretty loud. I went home and got into bed, but the odor of your cum on my boobs was driving me nuts. I got up to take a shower but then I decided to come get some more."

"Fuck Divi. Your mother will have a cow."

Divi giggled and said, "Seriously, you say that to a woman of Indian descent?"

I thought about what I had said and then chuckled when I realized that the cow is sacred in Indian culture. Then I realized that Divi was just trying to throw me off. "Sorry, about the cow thing."

Divi laughed and tried to pull her wrist away again. I held firm. She said, "Mom doesn't know I'm here and she'll be asleep for a couple more hours. I'll sneak back in before she wakes up. All I want is that." She tried again to get her hand to my cock.

"Divi, you're incorrigible. You can't keep doing this. Your mother will kill me before she kills you."

Divi smiled and said, "Mom calls it persistence. I can't help it. Come on. I've been lying here most of the night waiting for you to wake up. Just give me what I want and I'll go home." She pulled her hand away again and I let her go. She scooched over close to me pushing her naked tits against my ribs as her hand went back to her target. There was little point in trying to stop her. Besides, my cock was aching to feel Divi's lips sliding up and down my shaft again. She was getting pretty good at sucking cock. Not that she was ever bad. There's no such thing.

Divi yanked down the covers exposing my cock. She was already giving it full length strokes with her right hand. All she had on was a coral colored thong that barely covered her neatly trimmed pubic hair. It glowed against her dark skin. She left it on as she slid her body down and pushed her tits up on my right hip and pulled my cock to her lips. She kissed the velvety crown and then ran her tongue around and around the ridge paying particular attention to the 'spot'. She held my cock in her hand and rested the back of her hand on my stomach as she kissed her way down the shaft and inhaled each of my balls and batted them around with her tongue. As usual, she giggled at their movement. She licked her way back up the shaft and rolled her lips over the tip and pushed my glans inside her mouth. She looked into my eyes and smiled at the expression on my face. She lashed the spongy glans with her tongue and then inch-wormed her way down my shaft to the same spot she made it to last night.

Again, she stretched her lips forward to the base of my cock and held them there as her eyes smiled at me. I watched her lips readying to pull the rest of her mouth down. My glans was already in her throat and she was struggling with whether or not she could keep it there or gag it back out. I could feel her throat tighten and then relax and tighten again. She pulled back to take a huge breath and then went right back to that depth again. She started her blow job at that point as she pulled back to the ridge and sank back to the same point. She was conditioning her response to my cock in her throat and then she pushed her lips forward to the base again and pulled her mouth down. Her eyes lit up when she knew she had done it. My head slammed back into my pillow as I let out a loud groan, "Fuck Divi. You did it. Oh my God, I'm in heaven." Divi's eyes lit up again as she pulled back to breathe and then slowly began a full depth throat job that increased in speed as she got more comfortable. I groaned with each down stroke and gasped in air on the up stroke.

When cum was building in my balls, I told Divi so she could recognize how the hardness built when I was getting ready to blow. I told her that whatever she was stimulating a cock with; whether her mouth or hand or pussy, don't stop until it finished shooting its load. She nodded with my cock in her throat and gagged and coughed as a result. She pulled back, cleared her throat and went right back down again. Seconds later, I warned her that I was going to cum and she pulled back to the ridge to accept it. She took two shots in her mouth and held it as she pulled off and aimed my cock to her tits and four more long powerful shots splattered across her chest. She watched and pushed my cock down into her cleavage as she inched closer.

When the final shot drooled from the eye, Divi brought my cock to her mouth and pinched the spongy head and flicked her tongue out through her pursed lips and scooped it up. She pulled her tongue back in her mouth and then opened her pursed lips and showed me the cum she'd collected by sticking out her curled tongue cradling my cum in the hollow.

When Divi smiled at me, cum rolled off her tongue and drooled down her chin. She tried to catch it but was too late. She giggled as she scooped cum from her chin with her finger and pushed it back in her mouth. She made a big show of swallowing it and then showing me that it was gone. I guessed that she had seen women do that on the porno sites she frequented.

Divi rolled away from me to her back and proceeded to rub the cum on her tits and chest into her skin like it was body lotion. Her nipples were erect and I loved the way they just continued the contour of her torpedo tits to a point. She looked over at me as she rubbed with both hands and smiled at me. When she was done, she brought both hands to her mouth and licked her palms and cleaned her fingers with her tongue. The whole process was very erotic and my cock responded. I tried to push the image out of my mind but Divi was watching it jump off my thigh and settle back down again only to repeat.

I always feel like I want to doze off after sex but I never give in to the feeling because I think it's rude and a show of disrespect to your partner. Anna always liked to cuddle and kiss and feel loved after sex and I always accommodated her even though I, and I think most men, feel drained after sex and just want to roll over and go to sleep. In my one encounter with Ashley, she didn't seem to give a shit about post sex closeness. She was on to the next thing. Beverly was more like Anna. She wanted the closeness, but Eva was more like Ashley. Priya liked me to hold her close after sex but I had to be careful because she was aroused easily and we would be off again, which was fine if I could accommodate her. Divi likes a little cuddling but I get the sense that she thinks that's what I want and therefore that's what couples do after sex. I felt that Divi would probably be more like Ashley when she was fully versed in the complexities of sex.

I felt that overpowering, totally drained sensation this morning and I rolled over on my side facing Divi. My eyelids felt like they weighed a hundred pounds. The last thing I remembered before my eyes closed was Divi spooning her back to me and grinding her ass on my semi hard cock.

It was the most glorious sleep I'd had in a long time. I went out like a light. As I gradually came back to consciousness, I became aware of a pressure in my groin. I was still in the same position as when I conked out. My left arm was draped across Divi's left arm and my hand rested on her left tit. As I came to full awareness, I realized that Divi had maneuvered herself down my body and had pulled aside her thong so she could push her pussy onto my cock. She had her left leg raised over mine so she could put her hand on my cock to feel it slide in and out of her as she slowly drove herself forward and back. She was breathing hard and moaning softly apparently trying not to wake me.

I should have pulled out of her but the sensation of the tightness of her teenage pussy on my cock was incredible. Again, my little head overrode my big head. I rocked my hips forward as she pushed her body back against me. My movement told Divi that I was awake and willingly engaged. She rolled partially onto her back and lifted her leg up to my hips as she looked over at me. She grinned and said, "Sorry. Your hard cock against my ass was driving me insane. I never imagined that I could get you in me without waking you but I did." She dragged her fingernails along my cock as I pulled back. I pushed back in hard and Divi groaned and muttered, "Oh God. Yes. Do that. I was almost there when you woke up."

I maneuvered my hips so I could push more cock into her and we both groaned together as I pushed into her pussy. From there, I ramped up my pace. Divi's hips pulsed back in rhythm and she moaned, "Oh my gawwd, Jack. Fuck meeeee."

I pumped my cock into her for several minutes and my orgasm was fast approaching and Divi's was right there as her pussy began throbbing and pulsing on my cock. Her mouth opened wide as she gasped air out but not a sound came out. Her eyes went wide too. She was holding her breath and between gasps of my own, I said, "Breathe Divi." She hadn't even realized that she was holding her breath and she gasped a lungful of air in and groaned it out. As she started to come down, I started launching ropes of cum into her and she screamed with each one.

I realized that Divi had her fingernails dug into my hip and now it hurt. I eased her fingers from me and then she realized what she was doing. She said, "Sorry, Jack." I didn't say anything. We didn't move for a while after both of our orgasms subsided. Our breathing slowly returned to normal. When Divi did move she started gently and lazily dragging her fingers along my cock. A spasm rocked through her as her fingertip slid off my glans to her clitoris.

I pulled back from her and went to the bathroom. Divi's fingertip ran through her labia continuing the same cycle. When I came back, I helped Divi sit up. She needed to get home before her mother got up. She objected for a moment but I was insistent and she pulled her thong back in place and sat on the edge of the bed grabbing her nightshirt off the floor. She pulled it on and stuck her face deep in the scoop neck and inhaled. She grinned when her face appeared again.

I had recently seen the movie "Apocalypse Now" for the umpteenth time and the classic phrase, "I love the smell of napalm in the morning" came to my mind. As she stood up she leaned forward and sucked my softened cock to her lips and kissed it. I stepped back and she giggled as my glans came free with a 'pop'. I walked naked with her to the sliding glass door and she opened it and stepped out on the deck. I followed her outside and she pinched my spongy crown and said, "Thank you Jack. That was fun." I just smiled and didn't say a word as she walked down the stairs and moved quickly across my yard and disappeared around the corner of her house.

After Divi was gone, I turned back to step inside and noticed that a camouflage patterned fishing boat was twenty feet off my shoreline. Two women were staring and pointing at me. I muttered something like, "Oh fuck," and quickly stepped through the slider and as I was sliding it closed, I heard one say, "Fuck Ali. Did you see that? Holy shit." I leaned back to see what they were doing and they weren't doing anything. They were just holding their fishing poles and had stopped any further progress provided by their electric trolling motor. They just stared at my house for more than a minute before slowly moving on down the shoreline. I chuckled to myself and stroked my soft cock and said, "Hey buddy. You're getting a fan base."

Even though I'd had a big meal last night at the Inn Restaurant, I was hungry this morning. I thought about getting dressed and going to the breakfast diner but I wasn't sure about seeing Donna this morning. I wasn't sure what to say to her. I knew I had to deal with it sooner or later, but not today. I showered and pulled on a pair of nylon shorts and a tank top. I was thinking breakfast pizza again. I decided to take the kayak instead of the boat. The marina was only a half-mile away.

I was sitting at the picnic table eating my pizza. Power boats were being launched one after another from the Marina boat ramp. Boats from on the lake were pumping gas getting ready for the day. It was mid-morning and fishing boats that had launched at dawn were now waiting in line to be pulled out. It was crazy busy. It was fascinating to watch the frenzied activity. I finished the pizza, disposed of the trash and sat back down to just watch the young kids, teenagers all the way to elderly.

Then I noticed the camouflage pattern fishing boat with two women get into the line for gas. It's unusual to see two women fishing. If I see even one woman in a fishing boat, she's usually there with her husband and she's often reading and not even fishing. I watched them a little closer this time. From the quick glance earlier, I got the sense that they were middle-aged. Closer examination confirmed that but they were very attractive and well maintained and both were wearing makeup to go fishing. That was unheard of for locals.

When the woman who had spoken to Ali in front of my house made eye contact with me, she immediately glanced away from me and leaned toward her companion, whom I assumed was Ali. She spoke softly and quickly glanced back at me causing Ali to turn and glance my way too. The other woman tried to stop her from turning but it was too late.

When I made eye contact with Ali, she knew she was busted trying to sneak a peek so she smiled and waved at me. I waved back. The other woman turned beet-red with embarrassment. Both women were wearing camouflage shorts and khaki, ribbed 'wife-beater' tee shirts emblazoned with the 'LL Bean' logo. Everything about them screamed 'RICH'.

'Presumably Ali' was trying to get the other woman to come meet me but she vigorously shook her head. She kept glancing at me as their turn came to pull to the dock for gas. The other woman took the opportunity to escape her friend's efforts to drag her over to meet me. She went inside to prepay for gas. Ali kept glancing at me. I was staring at her so she was busted on every glance over.

With the gas paid for, the other woman grabbed the pump handle and pulled it down the dock to her gas tank. Her back was to me and I heard Ali say loud enough for her friend to hear and for me to hear too, "Joan. Come on. Let's just go over and introduce ourselves. He's looking at us. You have no reason to be embarrassed. He was the one standing out on his deck in the nude. He should be the one embarrassed." Ali stole another glance and waved again when she saw me watching them.

When Joan finished pumping gas, she returned the handle to the pump and went back in the store. When she came back out she yelled to Ali, "I'm done for the day. I'm going back to the camp." Ali pleaded with her to come back but she climbed into her BMW X5 and drove off. Ali looked over at me and shrugged her shoulders and backed away from the dock and sped off.

The entertainment was done so I returned to my kayak and paddled home. I checked to see if Priya was outside in her yard and she wasn't. All was quiet at her house. I grabbed my e-reader and the binoculars and stripped off my shirt. It was a beautiful day, not too hot or humid. I kicked off my sandals and sat down in my chair. I read for nearly an hour and the warmth of the sun started to have its effect and my eyelids grew heavy. I set the e-reader on the glass top table along with the binoculars and allowed myself to drift off.

I was dreaming of double teaming Ashley but the third person was Priya and not Jacob. Even in my dream, I thought that was kind of weird but there was no complaining from me. Priya was the bottom half of a sixty-nine with Ashley on top. I was fucking my hard cock into Ashley's mouth as I held her head firmly in place. She was taking it all. I groaned in my dream and I heard myself groan in real life which woke me.

My cock was incredibly hard and had tented my thin nylon shorts which had fallen off my glans exposing my erection to the air. I reached my hand down and stroked it a couple times. My eyes adjusted to the bright sunlight and sitting there in a cushioned lawn chair was 'Presumably-Ali'. She had pulled her shorts and panties to the side and she was fingering her pussy as she watched me stroke my erection. Her fishing boat was tied up to the dock on the opposite side from my pontoon boat. I hadn't heard her approach. She grinned at me and said, "Hi. I'm Ali. Sorry for spying on you. That wasn't my intention when I got here." She never stopped dragging her fingers through her labia, and she never took her eyes off my cock. I had stopped stroking it when I noticed her sitting there. "Instead of us masturbating ourselves, let's do each other," she said.

I said, "I'm Jack. Are you okay with doing this here or would you like to go inside?" She didn't make a move and continued stroking her pussy so I assumed that she was aroused by doing this outside in semi-public. I was too. I got up and pulled her to her feet. She was very short at less than five feet tall. She had a smoking hot body with a nice rack that was still covered by her tank-top. Her big tits fit right into my theory that when God made short women, he had left over material and just stuck it on their chest.

Ali gripped my cock and her fingers went only two-thirds of the way around the circumference. She began stroking it right away. She looked up into my face and grinned. I led her to the cushioned chaise longue and pushed her back and she lay down on her back pulling my cock with her. I removed her shorts and underwear and she pulled her tank top over her head. I maneuvered around and pushed my lips to her pussy in a sixty-nine position. She moaned before I even got my tongue out of my mouth. My cock was above her head because she was so short. She tipped her head back and pulled my glans down to her lips. She flicked her tongue around the ridge and then sucked her lips onto the glans. Her tongue worked on my 'spot' and I let out a groan as I pushed my tongue deep in her pussy. She groaned hard around my glans and then pulled my hips lower as my cock sank deeper in her mouth. I figured that because she was so short, she wouldn't be able to take much of me. Was I ever wrong? She took all of me and flicked her tongue on my ball sack for good measure. I could feel my cock deep in her throat and I groaned hard again and muttered, "Jesus Christ."

I gave to her as well as I was getting and she had to pull off to gasp for air as I drilled my tongue into her. I randomly pulled out and flicked her clitoris which elicited soft screams and whenever I came near her anus, she pivoted her hips urging me to go there. When I did, she yelled out, "OH FUCK. YES. OH MY GAAWWDDD. YES." I drilled my tongue inside and she screamed hard and abandoned my cock. I went back to her pussy and discovered that she was already throbbing in an orgasm. She had clenched every muscle and held herself tight until she suddenly released. She screamed again as she flailed around under me. I drove my tongue in her clenching pussy and she screamed again.
