 The next time I woke, I was in sunlight on an empty bed; I could hear sounds coming up from the kitchen. When I got out of the shower a few minutes later, Jon and Sara were sitting up against the headboard naked, a couple of feet apart; Sara smiled and patted the mattress between them for me to sit there, so I crawled up between them; she had a tray beside her with rolls, coffee and a few joints...

“Good mornin’ daddy,” I said with a chuckle, rolling over to kiss Jon and stick my tongue down in his throat. “And good mornin’ to you, mama...” I said, continuing to laugh as I kissed her the same way. “How are the two sexiest perverts in the great state of Texas today?”

“We are not perverts,” Sara said with mock seriousness. “We’re part of a new self-help organization moving toward sexual wholeness. We call ourselves Cock-Suckers Anonymous... I think just about everybody in the world needs to belong...” We all laughed.

“Hello. My name is Will, and I’m a cock-sucker,” I said. More laughter.

“I’ll sponsor him,” Jon said, reaching out and stroking my half-hard cock as we laughed again and watched his hand move. Then his face fell, and he stopped and let me go.

“Sorry, but it’s a work day for me, guys, and my schedule’s full. I’ll see you both later on tonight, okay? Have fun...” He got up, went into the closet and dressed, then kissed us both goodbye and left.

We sat in silence for a few seconds; I felt sort of stunned...

“Jon and I had some ideas about how things could work while you’re here,” Sara began, seeming to sense the awkwardness, too. “If you’d rather do something differently, say so-- okay? Anyway: You and I get to be alone today, then you and Jonny tomorrow-- since I have several meetings then-- and then all of us together again the next day. Jonny and I will have plenty of time to catch up with each other after you leave... Does that sound okay to you? We can change anything if you...”

“No, that sounds like a wonderful idea, Sara,” I said, pulling her warm, soft body to me and kissing her. “I wouldn’t change a thing. How would you like to start?”

She giggled and blushed. “With your cock,” she said, looking up into my eyes, “in my ass...”

“Well, for such a noble fucking quest, we need sustenance, wench! Pour some coffee in that mug and light one of them there doobies,” I said, sliding from a fake British accent to a Texas one. We shared the coffee and the joint, soon removing the tray from the bed and diving into an immediate sixty-nine-- somehow we each knew it was what we needed first. I licked, fingered and sucked her delicious juices as I ran my hands over her delectable skin, holding onto her ass and pulling her cunt tight against my sucking mouth; she sucked me most of the way into her throat, both of us moaning and squirming against the other.

“God, that’s so good,” I said, hugging her tight, arms around her tiny waist as she hugged my thighs and sucked. I buried my face again in her soft, wet flower until she came. Afterwards, she pulled away and looked at me.

“Ready for the main event?” she asked.

I smiled at her. “Anything with you is a main event, Sara... I’m in love with you, you incredible fox...”

She actually blushed, then turned around and kissed me, reaching over and getting a dildo out of the drawer, along with a lube tube and a bottle of liquid silicone; she used the tube, then began to work the dildo into her ass while she looked at me.

“Let me suck you while I do this, sweetie,” she said. “I need your cock in my mouth right now...”

“How could I deny such a request, madame?” I said, sliding down the bed on my side so she could reach my cock.

She held the base of it with her hand and sucked hungrily, gasping and moaning as she kept working the dildo with the other hand. In a couple of minutes, she was mewling and groaning, shoving the rubber cock deep inside; then she began to move it slowly in and out, her moans increasing... Finally, she released my cock and looked up at me.

“Fuck me now, daddy,” she said, her voice low and husky as she removed the dildo. “Fuck me right up my slutty little ass with this big long cock...”

It was another unrefusable offer...

She leaned back against my chest, one leg thrown over me, and lowered her ass onto my cock. I held onto her hips and thrust up into her open, slippery hole; she settled down on it with a long moan, both of us squirming to drive it as far into her as possible at the end. I flexed it inside her, then she squeezed the base of it in return.

“I love your ass, Mrs. Slut,” I whispered in her ear, making her giggle. I ran my hands over her breasts, rolling her nipples between thumb and fingers; her own hand was in her cunt.

We only stayed like that for a couple of minutes, though-- she got off me and lay on her back on the edge of the bed, motioning me to follow.

“Look in my eyes, Will,” she said as I stood up and slid back into her, “look into this whore’s soul while your long cock slides ‘way far up in her ass... Ohhhhhh... She’s hopelessly in love with you-- and your cock, daddy... ohhhhhhh... and it’s the most primal, the nastiest part her of her that needs you to fuck her in her aaaass, tooo... ohhhh... ‘cause I’m an ass-fuckin’ whore... ohhhhhhunghhhhhh... it’s not just talk, daddy... fuck me, fuck me, fuck me... ohhhhhhh... My ass’ll never get enough of this...”

I held her slim thighs against me, their softness pressed against my chest as I caressed them, driving my cock into her depths as she squirmed on it.

“I can feel the head so far up inside, Will,” she said, eyes open wide and dilated... “It’s what I needed... ohhhhhhh... it’s what I’ll always need... I need you to fuck me like this, Will... ohhhhhhhhh... always fuck my ass...”

I leaned forward onto her soft body and kissed her, her arms and her heels holding me against her as we rolled and rode each other.

When we stopped for more lube, she said, “I have an idea, baby. Let’s go over to the mirror...”

She got up, took my hand and led me over to three angled mirrors in the corner of the room, set so you could see yourself from the front and both sides. There was about a four-inch step up to it, and Sara stood on it, sticking her ass out, feet apart, looking back at me.

“Let’s watch ourselves fuck, Will,” she said. “Put it back in my ass.”

I needed no encouragement there-- her ass was delectable, full and soft, flaring out from her tiny waist. I put my hands on her hips and slid back into her waiting, wide-open hole, watching us in the full-length mirror. As the shaft went slowly deeper, her mouth and eyes kept opening wider until I pressed up against her soft cheeks-- then she smiled, licking her lips lasciviously, moaning and squirming on the impaling pole...

“You know why I like gettin’ ass-fucked the best, Will?” she asked, not waiting for me to answer. “It’s... ohhhhhhunghhhhhhhh... it’s not only the biggest rush... it’s not just that it’s an ecstasy so far beyond any orgasm... ohhhhhhhhh... But it makes me feel so cheap and dirty and nasty... ohhhhhunghhhhhhhh... gettin’ fucked in the ass makes me feel like I’m a cock-cravin’ whore... and it’s what I am, Will... I’m a cock-cravin’ whore... ohhhhhhhhh... and I love knowin’ it’s you, you fuckin’ pervert, with your cock up my ass... not Jon’s-- not my husband’s, but some guy with a really long cock that I just met yesterday... ohhhh, gahhhd... ohhhhhhh, gahhhd... you sick... twisted... sodomizer... fuck meeeee...”

I kept holding onto her hips, pulling her ass on and off my cock very slowly, never more than an inch or so, staring half the time at how her stretched rosette clung to my shaft as it withdrew and half the time at her face as we stared into our reflections. Then stepping back a little and pulling her along, I made her lean back against me, putting my hands under her thighs and lifting her off her feet, exposing her wet cunt and her cock-filled asshole to the mirror.

“Look at you, Sara,” I whispered to her. “Look at you spread wide with this cock in your ass... What a whore, you are, Mrs. Rogers... “

She twisted around a little and put one arm around my neck, holding herself up with it and kissing my ear as I started moving inside her again. She felt remarkably light.

“Oooohhhhhhh... fuck this whore’s ass, daddy... fuck this whore’s ass,” she whispered... “I love it, I love it, I love it... Now it looks as nasty as it feels, Will... oh, yeahhhhhhh... am I too heavy, baby? Ooooohhhhhhh... I love you fucking me like this... fuck meeeee... ohhhhhhunghhhhhhh... I can see it disappearing in my ass... ohhhhhh... fuck my ass, you nasty man... ohhhhhhhhh... fuck me, Will...”

My biceps started to burn after a little while, and I set her feet back down on the step, still connected; I bent over and she took her arm from around my shoulder.

“Let’s kneel sideways to the mirror,” she said. “I want to watch it go in that way...”

I took the opportunity to re-lube as she grabbed a couple of pillows off the bed and knelt on one close to the mirror; I knelt on the other between her feet, spreading her perfect cheeks with my hands and putting the head of my cock just inside her open hole again.

“Here it comes, Mrs. Cock-slut,” I said, putting my hands back on her hips. “Now watch carefully how your greedy little ass is bein’ fucked...”

I pulled her back onto my shaft until I couldn’t see any more of it in the mirror, then took her wrists and put her hands on my hips.

“It’s your show now, lover,” I said. “Now’s your chance... fuck your ass like you want to see it fucked... watch yourself while you squirm and moan, baby... do whatever you like-- just make sure you show me what a whore you are...”

“Ohhhhhunghhhhhhh...” She let out a long, deep groan and pushed back onto my cock, pulling me deeper with her hands on my hips until her cheeks flattened against my stomach; she was writhing and moaning, staring at us in the mirror, sucking her lip. I kept my hands on my waist, only thrusting forward slightly when she pushed back against me.

Just then the bedroom door opened, and Jon walked in, completely dressed, wearing a coat and tie.

“Sorry to interrupt,” he said, “but I heard you from outside... and I thought you might need some help, baby... hmmmm... it looks like you do... Here, suck on this...”

He knelt by Sara’s head and pulled his hard cock out of his pants, sliding it slowly over her lips as he held her head. She quickly let go of me and grabbed it, keeping her head turned and watching herself as she sucked and stroked it. He let her head go...

“So, this is what I find when I come home for lunch?” he said as she sucked and moaned. “My wife, buck naked with a cock in her ass, squirming in front of the mirror... Well, I’m gonna give you some lunch, you little whore... Here comes a big shot of Daddy’s hot, home-made smoothie, you sweet little cock-sucker... ohhhhhyeahhhhhh...”

Jon must have come a lot, because it ran out of Sara’s mouth and down her chin in spite of her obvious efforts to swallow. Then he pulled out and bent down and kissed her, licking her face clean before standing up again. Then he kissed me, and I shoved my tongue in his mouth, tasting his come.

“See you guys at the concert,” he said, smiling. “Gotta get back to work... Fuck her brains out, Will... ‘Bye...” He turned and walked out; it was only ten-thirty in the morning, not even close to lunchtime...

I pulled her back tight onto my cock and flexed it inside her. She groaned again, that long, low feral sound that only comes when you’re being deeply ass-fucked.

“Ohhhhunghhhhhh... God, you’re so far up there... Jus’ keep movin’ it slow... keep movin’ it jus’ a little... ohhhhhunghhhhhhhh... Oh, yeah... you know, don’cha? You found out last night when Jon’s cock was ‘way up inside you, huh? Ohhhhhhhhh... There’s no place deeper that anyone can touch me... no place deeper than where you are right now, baby... ohhhhhhunghhhhh... I’ll always want you to fuck me like this... always... ohhhhhhhhunghhhhh... you’ve found the heart of an ass-fuckin’ whore, lover... it’s where the head of your cock is right now... ohhhhhhh... Fuck my whore’s heart, Will, baby... fuck me, fuck me, fuck me, fuck meeeeee...”

Looking down and watching her body writhing on my cock, feeling her squeeze it... and adding all the hot, trashy talk to that-- it pushed me right over the edge.

“I’m gonna come now,” I said, “I’m gonna shoot come ‘way up in your ass, Sara... I’m gonna come in your perfectly beautiful ass... Now, you incredibly hot slut... squirm on it, whore... Ohhhhhhhyeahhhhhhh...”

She spread her knees, arched her back and twisted slowly; I pulled her back, holding onto her hips as she pressed back against me, her soft globes flattening against my body. I shot and shot, every thrust meeting with an opening sphincter, every withdrawal, a clamping, milking one.

To my own amazement, I stayed hard, flexing inside her in answer to her every squeeze on the base of my cock.

“Ohhhhhhhhh... ohhhhhhhhhhh... fuck me, fuck me,” her words dissolved into a series of moans and whimpers as I held her ass tight against me...

...and rolled us over so she was lying on top of me on her back, legs splayed open. She put her feet down, then raised herself up on her hands, sliding up and down on my cock that was still planted deep in her ass.

“Ohhhh... your cock... your cock... so deeeep... ohhhhhunghhhhh...”

I put my hands on her hip bones, helping to steady her as she moved up and down, gasping and groaning. Moving one hand to an asscheek, I reached around to her cunt with the other, stroking her wetness before inserting two fingers.

“Ohhhhh... you nasty man... feel my cunt... feel me, baby... feel me inside and fuck my ass... ohhhhhhyeahhhhhhhh...”

She came, bucking against my hand, driving her ass down hard on my cock as she soaked my fingers. I let go of her cheek, wrapping my arm around her and pulling her down onto me, sucking on her earlobe as she squirmed, impaled now in both cunt and ass.

“That’s right... come, sweet baby... come for Daddy,” I whispered. “Daddy loves you, so it’s okay to come like a whore... Come for me, you perfectly beautiful little slut...”

I held her close against me until her breathing slowed, still massaging her cunt. Then I pulled out, dragging her on her back to the edge of the bed; she lay there, mouth and knees open, still gasping, staring at me. Now on my feet, I quickly re-lubed before getting between her upraised thighs. I gently slid back into her ass as both of our faces broke into big smiles.

“I love you,” we both said simultaneously, then laughed. I leaned down and kissed her, flexing my cock deep in her ass as she squeezed the base of it again.

“Did you mean that, Will-- when you called me a perfectly beautiful little slut?” She continued without waiting for me to answer. “...’Cause if you did, then does it mean that the sluttier I act, the more you’ll get turned on?”

“Ohhhhhhh... you’ve got that right,” I said.

“Pervert,” she said when I raised up, looking in my eyes and smiling.

“Cock-slut,” I replied, hugging both of her slim thighs to my chest as I drove into her as far as I could.

“Ohhhhunghhhhh...” she moaned, eyes rolling back into her head. “Just like that, Will... deep and slow... deep and slow... deeeep... slowww... ohhhhhunghhhhh... fuck my ass, fuck my ass, fuck my ass... ohhhhhhhh...”

Some time later, I pulled out to re-lube again, but when I did, she sat up and stopped me.

“Let’s do something different,” she said. “Hang on a sec...”

She got up and took two identical dildos out of the drawer, handing them to me. Then she went into the bathroom, coming back with a wet cloth and washing my cock with it before filling a lube-tube.

“It’s for you,” she said, smiling at my lack of comprehension and then lubing the dildos. “I’m already wide open...”

“But, what are you...?” I began. She waved her hand and silenced me instantly. I remembered when she’d all but said that she was the commandant...

I lay on my side again as before and used the tube, then took the dildo from Sara and started to work it in. Excitement rose in me as I thought of how it had felt the night before. It stung just like I remembered when it first went in, but then it opened me up inside with easy waves of remembered pleasure as it slid slowly deeper... deeper... ohhhhhyeahhhhh... I remember this... ohhhhhhhhh...

When I looked up, Sara had already worked the other dildo into her own ass and turned so her hips were close to my face, her sweet cunt inches from my mouth. I needed no further instruction-- I let go of the rubber cock in my ass, lifted her thigh up over my head and pushed my face between her legs, driving my tongue into her cunt while I found the end of the dildo between her cheeks with my fingers. Her hot mouth slid down my cock, and she started slowly thrusting the rubber shaft ‘way up in my own ass, just as I started moving the other one in hers.

We moved like a single, constantly orgasming animal, sucking and thrusting, writhing and sliding against each other, symbiotic cravings and responses driving each other higher and higher... Soon, we fell into a slow, wave-like rhythm with the dildos, barely moving them, our mouths sucking sweet flesh as nerves deep inside shot rockets of pleasure to our brains.

Matching Sara’s movements with the dildo in my hand caused huge rushes ‘way up inside me, and we reveled in our total connectedness, sharing each others’ ecstasies... We writhed and sucked and gently worked the long rubber cocks, swimming in a timeless sea of exquisite pleasure... After what could have been an hour or more, we finally unplugged, falling asleep in each other’s arms... (She was the one who turned around...)

*-*-*-*-*-*

I had to leave shortly after noon myself that day, with interviews and a sound check to do before the concert started. Sara and I agreed before I left that we’d meet again at the house, afterwards. There was a long, lust-filled kiss inside the door-- I can still recall the feeling of her small, tight ass in my hands right then.