 The next Friday night when we stopped to pick up Dwayne, he said, "My mom wants to see you."

I was nervous when I went into the house. All smiles she handed me a Wal-Mart bag and said, "I bought these for you to wear to the movies tonight. When I looked in the bag it was a pair of powder blue panties. Not knowing what to think I pulled them out. "Try them on," she urge, "Let me see if they fit. I had to guess at your size." Knowing what a forceful person his mom was I was resigned to putting them on, turning to go to the bathroom, I made about 2 step before she stopped me. "Where are you going?" 

"To the bathroom to try on my new panties."

"Don't be silly. You can do it right here."

Knowing that resistance was futile, I turned my back and hooked my thumbs in the waistband of my gym shorts and pulled them down and off. Face burning with embarrassment, I did the same with my briefs. I quickly stepped into the panties and pulled them up. Still embarrassed but less so now that my private were covered I turned back to face her. "Wow," she said as she cupped my balls, "Am I a good guesser or what?" Humming she felt my bottom and then pulled on the waist band. "Now I know your size I can buy you a few more pair. Since it'll be easier I'll probably get one of those 6 packs in assorted colors. 

Actually they felt pretty good. I like the way they cupped my ball and the way they felt across my bottom. But I was too embarrassed to tell her that.

I wanted to ask her why she bought them for me but was afraid of what she'd tell me.

I slipped on my gym shorts and bent to pick up my briefs. "Leave them there. I'm going to Wal-Mart to buy you a couple of six-pack, so you want be needing them anymore. Just pick them up after the movie. If I'm in bed they'll be on the table by door. Just help yourself."

Oh god, I thought as I walked back to the van. Is she going to make me start wearing panties all the time? Little did I know that she'd called my mom and explained the situation so she wouldn't be shocked when she found panties in the dirty clothes hamper. 

We picked up Mitchel last so he rode in the back with me. He didn't mind though. He made me slide my hand through the leg hole of his shorts on the way. 

As usual Friday was double feature night, 'Flaming Star' staring Elvis Presley and 'King of the Bullwhip' staring Lash LaRue. Westerns were big here in Texas so we got there early to get a good parking spot. There must have been a lot of Elvis and Lash LaRue fans in town because the place was packed. For the first time since we'd been going on Friday nights the parking places on both sides of us were taken. We had curtains so we didn't have to worry about any casual passersby seeing in as long as we were careful about opening the side door.

We missed the previews of coming attractions but we loaded up with junk food. On the way back to the van, "Dude, what are you wear under your gym shorts?" Dwayne asked as we were getting back in the van. 

"Your mom made me put them on," I murmured embarrassedly as I handed my cardboard tray of junk food in to Mitchel to put on the shelf.

As I shut the side door behind me, Dwayne said, "I didn't ask where you got them," as he grabbed my waist band. "I asked you what they were," as he pulled down the front of my short. "Oh my god," he laughed as he pulled my shorts on down to my knees. "He's wearing fucking pants."

Suddenly everyone was looking at me and laughing. Pushing onto my back on the mattress, Mitchel yanked my shorts on down and off. Then they all had a good laugh at my expense. By the conscience was that they liked them. "Dwayne mom always was cool," laughed James. The he said, "She knows he's sucking our dicks, doesn't she?"

"Yea, but she's cool with it. She even said if the weather's too bad to go to the lake, we can use my bedroom."

"Now that's a cool mom," put in Mitchel. "If my mom found out she'd throw a shit fit."

"I don't think mine would be too happy about it either," I mumbled.

It was a laid back Friday night and no one was in a hurry. Since Mitchel was already back there I pulled his shorts off for him. He liked me to do it slow, so I started off by kissing and nibbling his belly and working my way down as I slowly inch or two at a time pulled his shorts down. When the other guys weren't looking he like for me to kiss and lick his thighs as I pulled them on down his legs. With plenty of time I work his cock and balls slow. Bring him to the edge a couple of times before I finally let him cum. Forgetting that tonight there were cars on both sides of us he screamed out from the power of his orgasm.

The guy on the right actually rolled down the window to see if ask if there was a problem. Dwayne told him that James was trying to light one of those mosquito repellent coils that we bought at the snack bar. 

I won't say his orgasm was powerful, but I thought I gave him a heart attack. He just laid there gasping for breath for about 20 minutes. 

Dwayne was next so he and Mitchel exchanged places. Not wanting to miss any of the action, but not wanting to be obvious about it, Mitchel kinda turned sideways in the seat and leaned against the door in such a way he could watch the screen or the action in back. Only someone who walked up to the window could tell which way he was looking. 

Dwayne loves getting his cock sucked and he always tastes good so I licked his thick shaft up and down and all around, not stopping there and not forgetting the head. Tightening my lips, I took him from the head all the way down balls. He got harder and harder with every bob of my head. When I deep throating him, he moaned aloud. He was being so loud I was afraid they would hear him in other cars. As usual when he went off besides being loud he was a heavy cummer.

James slipped out of the driver's seat and back into the cargo area. But instead of moving up front Dwayne still naked from the waist down stayed in the back where he could watch the action. I started out by sliding down and licked his balls and then I took his dick into my mouths. Sucking, licking and kissing, I slid down to James's ass and gently probe it with my tongue. When I went back to sucking his dick and licking his balls it was more than he can stand. He arched his back upward trying to get trying to get more of his dick into my mouth. With a muffled grunt, James exploded, shooting his salty cum into my mouth. For a change I pulled off and let him shoot all over my face.

At intermission as we walked to the snack bar, I asked, "Does anyone owe anyone else money that I'm going to have to blow to pay it back?" That got a laugh from James and Mitchel but a grown from Dwayne. 

I veered off to go to the restroom while the others went on in to the smack bar. The place was empty except for one kid named Austin standing at the urinal. He was a year behind me in school so I didn't really know him just his name. As I moved up beside him and took my cock out, I unconsciously cut my eyes to the side to check out his equipment. I thought I was being discrete but obviously I wasn't because when he finished peeing he stood there and played with his cock. When he caught me looking he gave me a knowing smile and moved closer to me. Without thinking I reached over and touched it. 

Before it could go any further we heard someone coming. Moving to the far ends of the urinal we ignored each other as we put or cocks away and left. Out of ear shot of anyone we asked each other if we were alone. We were both with people. I knew he lived in the same general neighborhood as I, so I told him bring your baseball equipment like you're planning on a game and be at Waggoner Park at 10 am. I'll be at the turn around across the parking lot behind the softball fields. Austin was about 5' 9 which was considered tall back then and a typical teenager, all legs, elbows and big ears with a shock of red hair.

I didn't mention Austin to the guys as we walked back to the van. Once all the junk food was in place and we were back in the van it was Mitchel's turn again. As he sprawled back on the mattress with his legs spread I moved up between them. Knowing how much he likes foreplay I started by kissing and tonguing his belly button. Then I nuzzled and nibbled the hair on his belly as I worked my way down.

Bypassing his cock, I moved down and paid a little attention to his balls. I could tell by his breathing that he liked what he was doing. From his balls I licked my way up his shaft to his head. I took his cock in my mouth and with my eyes closed, I was in seventh heaven. Tightening my lips I started bobbing up and down until his cock obliged me again by cumming loads of white, thick stuff in my mouth. He almost giggled as I licked off every possible drop of it. 

Dwayne lying back on the mattress. Kneeling between his legs I leaned down and started licking the head of his cock, sticking my hot little tongue in his pee-hole. Knowing how vain he was I murmured, "Uuuum," you've got a big one, with nice thick veins." Pausing, I run a finger down a pulsing vein. Then I opened my mouth and swallowed his cock. He groaned when my nose hit his pubic hair and my chin but his nut sack.

He moaned that my mouth was so hot and wet that it felt like a pussy. I'm not sure how he knew since he'd never had any pussy. But I didn't say anything, I just started moving my mouth up and down his hard shaft. 

I slid farther down his shaft with each bob of my head. I felt his cock crashing into the back of my throat and he seemed to be thrilled by it as I was. I kept banging him harder and harder with my mouth. I felt his cock swell, becoming harder and harder. As the pressure build, he held it as long as he could. Upon release, I felt a wave of absolute pleasure wash over my entire body. For each release, a slightly smaller wave of pleasure washed over me until a final release occurred.

With James it was nothing fancy but a pleasure to suck. He relaxed on the mattress and leaned back against the side wall with his legs spread. Lying between his leg, I propped myself up on my elbows and took him in my mouth. I did a little bobbing but I mostly just used my mouth muscles. I don't know how I learned how to do it, I just knew. It was like clinching and unclenching my hand and jacking a guy off except I was using my mouth instead of my hand. Using this method is slow but extremely pleasurable. It was so slow and pleasant it almost put him to sleep. But it produced one of the most powerful orgasms he'd ever had. It was so strong he almost passed out.

When the movie was over and we left, everything went in reverse order. Mitchel got dropped of first and then Dwayne. When we pulled up into his driveway Dwayne's mother came out carrying a Wal-Mart bag. "Here you go dear," she said as she handed me the bag in through the window. "I told you I would pick you some more."

I begrudgingly thanked her but was afraid to look in the bag. At home I just threw the bag on my dresser and forgot about it. 

Saturday morning I got to Waggoner Park firsts. I was sitting on the bench when I saw Austin coming across the parking lot. With his cleats hanging over his shoulder by the strings and his glove in his hand he looked like nothing more than another teenager there for a pick-up softball game. He was nervous when he sat down beside me but he had the beginnings of an erection pooching out his pants. 

We chatted about school and soft ball for a couple of minutes because a couple of walkers stopped within hearing to use the water fountain. When they moved out of ear shot I said, "Keep talking about baseball but when I get up walk with me. I know a secluded place where we can have so privacy." Trusting, he fell right beside, continuing to complain about his math teacher as we walked.

We crossed the foot bridge and went left on the walking trail. Within 30 feet the path started twisting and turning so much that for all practical purposes we could be seen from the parking lot area. We rounded a corner and were even more concealed. Stepping to the left we quickly wend or way through the thick brushes. Within 5 steps we were hidden from the trail. A couple of steps further and we were in a small clearing. It was maybe 15 feet across.

When Austin saw me pull some cardboard out of the bushes and knelt down. At first he had a blank look. And then his eyes lit up with understanding. Smiling, as he stepped towards where I was kneeling, his hand went to his zipper. In seconds his zipper was down, his fly open and his cock was in his hand. This would be the first time he ever had his cock sucked but he knew what he wanted and what he had to do to make it happen.

Austin was only about half hard when he went into my mouth. As it lay limp on my tongue I closed my lips around it and just held it in my mouth. As it slowly hardened he started fidgeting. By the time he was full hard, he was positively hopping around with a stupid grin on his face. Putting my hands on his butt to hold him still, I slowly pulled back to the head and then plunged back to the base. 

Too excited to stand still, Austin was soon working his hips in sync with my bobbing. As excited as he was it didn't take him long until he was coating my mouth and throat with thick salty teenage cum.

While Austin was calming down, I made a date with him to go riding around Tuesday evening. I was to pick him up between 7 and 8, depending on what time dinner was over. 

Austin and I walked back out together like nothing had happened. Back at the turn around I watched Austin walked back across the parking lot. Turning I headed back along the walking trail to where I'd hidden my bike. A turn or 2 past where Austin and I'd played there was a guy standing off the trail in the bushes. Where he was standing I was right up on him before I saw him. Startled I stopped and stared. He was an average looking guy, maybe mid to late 30s. The type guy you'd pass on the street and never notice. As I watched he cupped his balls. When that didn't send me scurrying on up the trail in repulsion, he motioned with his chin for me to follow him. 

We wove around a few bushes to a small clearing. Still without out speaking, his hands on my shoulders pushed me down to my knees. Words were not necessary then. As he stared down at me with a cross between a smile and a smirk on his face I unsnapped and unzipped his jeans. When I pulled his fly open he wasn't wearing any underwear so his cock jumped right out in my face. It was straight, cut, nice mushroom head and it was about 6.5 to 7 inches long or so. He hunched his hips forward, took my hand and placed it on his cock. I was taken aback for a moment. I jacked off guys on numerous occasions and knew just how they liked it. But as I started move my hand up and down, he reached down and placed his hand firmly on the back of my head and like I was a novice said, "No, no...use your mouth. Suck on my cock. But be careful with your teeth." 

When he pressed I couldn't resist, I slipped my lips around the gleaming head and moved my mouth down its length. And as I thought when it popped out of his fly, a perfect fit for my mouth. I held it and applied suction.

Again like I didn't know what I was doing, he said, "Move your mouth up and down. It's like jacking me off with your mouth. Lick it. Move your tongue around it." 

Hold his shaft I raised and lowered my head a few times. His hand pressed my head downward and I almost gagged his cock expanded and filled my mouth. I took a tight grip on my momentary panic and concentrated on breathing through my nose. 

I remembered his instruction to 'lick it' and started moving my tongue round and round the base of the head and licking up and down the shaft. I went on sucking his muscular shaft. 

I picked up the tempo a little, cued by the increasing motion of the stranger's hips. As he neared his climax, both of the stranger's hands held my head firmly and pressed it downward. I let go with my hand to steady my balance as I felt the head of his slippery cock poke the back of my throat. I fought my gag reflex and squeezed my eyes shut. 

The cum burst against my epiglottis and I swallowed reflexively. And was thankful that I did, because the first spurt was followed by at least four more spurts. I kept gulping the salty stuff until the pressure of his hands eased. Even then, part of it got into my sinuses and dripped out my nostrils. The stranger sighed as I raised my head. His cock shrank again.

Minutes later his pants were up and he was disappearing into the bushes.

Standing up, I followed him through the bushes but instead of heading back up the trail to the turnaround, I went the other way deeper into the woods to where I'd hidden my bike. Five minutes later I was peddling down the street home.

I got there just in time to shower and dress for supper. Towel around my waist from the shower, I opened my underwear drawer and almost fainted. The panties that I'd left in their Wal-Mart bag on my dresser were now folded and taking up half my underwear drawer.

As I stood there dumbfounded my mom said from the door, "It's OK to wear those but don't let your father see them. He wouldn't understand."

We had out-of-town company so I was unable to make Sunday night at the park.

Tuesday evening rolled around and wearing white briefs instead of panties, I picked up Austin in my 6 cylinder 53 Bel-Air Chev. For appearance sake and to be seen around town we cruised the Griddle hamburger stand and then made the circuit up the street to the Dairy Queen. On the second lap we got a couple of malts. Now that we'd made our appearance it was safe to slip away to Tarrant Road where we could find a private place to park on one of the deserted dirt roads. 

Because the steering wheel was in the way, Austin leaned sideways against the door with his legs spread, his right foot on the floor and the left bent and against the back of the seat. Me, I knelt sideways on the driver's side and lowered my face between his legs. More experienced now, Austin was able to help me and he lasted longer. As I sucked, he held my head and was soon working his hips, pumping his hard teenage cock in and out of my mouth. As things heated up he wrapped his left leg around my neck.

There was a powerful explosion and my mouth was flooded with a mouth full of thick hot cum. Explosions abated, we just held our positions as his cock went limp in my mouth. 

I don't think I would be able to add Austin to the van click but I was going to fit him and his nice cock in somewhere.