 It was Sunday evening and that meant Waggoner Park. As always I rode my bike the half mile to the park and stashed it in the bushes and strolled around the area across the parking lot from the baseball fields. I wasn't there long before I hooked up with guy that said he is married. We met in a wooded area just back from the street light. He was looking for a cocksucker. He led me back to the parking lot and I got in his pick-up. This was his first time and he was nervous, especially because I looked so young so we talked for a while. I assured him that I was a senior in high school and was of legal age.

Seeing that I'd won him over, I said, "Relax I'll take care of you," as I reached over and fumbled with his pants. Pushing my hand away, he took over pulling them and his underwear to his ankles. 

Sliding off the seat onto my knees I stared at his cock. It was a very thick cut 7 incher with nice pair of big hairy balls and a very big mushroom head. The kind that's bigger than his shaft. The sight of it made my mouth water.

As the stranger stared down at me, I wrapped my fingers around his cock and fed it into my mouth. I felt the heat of it against the inside of my mouth. Tightening my lips, I started bobbing up and down as I sucked his cock. He started quivering all over. He was so excited that he started bucking his bottom off the seat, forcing his cock in and out of my mouth. He was fucking my mouth as I sucked him.

The utter pleasure was awesome. I loved it. I had my most powerful sexual desire being fulfilled and it was with another man's cock in my mouth. Something I had never dreamed of a year ago. As he continued fucking my mouth he felt his release getting closer. He moaned, "Ohgod. Here it is. I'm cumming, I'm cumming," as he blew his hot load into my mouth.

After he went flaccid I pulled my mouth off his cock. Zipping up his pants, he said, "Thanks. That was great," and I answered, "Anytime."

God I love giving guys, especially strangers, blowjobs in their cars and trucks...and especially James's van. Now that I discovered the joys of it I was soooooo hot for cocks. The more I sucked the more I wanted it. I've only been Bi a few months but I'm having a lot more gay sex than straight sex. I'm really turned on by the sight of a nice cock or a guy stripping off. 

I find that I want a cock and that a cock turns me on more than my girlfriend. The shock was one the very rare occasion my prude girlfriend tried to give me a blow job and I couldn't get an erection. If a guy lets me touch his cock, I'm erect instantly. I enjoy...no love the feel of another guy's cock in my mouth and his cum exploding across my tongue and down my throat.

Besides Waggoner Park, I started hanging out in several highway rest stops near my home. And it wasn't long before I was sucking guys off in their cars or the back of their vans. Even truckers in their sleepers. The nice thing about the rest stops are that a lot of the guys are just passing through so I don't have to worry about coming in contact with them later and getting 'outed.' I have discovered the naughty and dangerous appeal of a certain local highway rest stop. It is sinfully easy to find cock there, but since it so far I have to drive my car, there is little protection or warning if the uniforms pull in. But like a moth to the flame, I'm drawn to it. It took all my willpower not to visit tonight on the way home from my date.

One thing I love about rest stops is that there is no messing around with preliminaries or chit-chat. Most of the guys who go there to get blown are married so in a hurry and ready to cum. I've been finding the action there very quick and very intense. 

Tuesday morning I was feeling extra horny so I stopped at my favorite rest stop on the way to school. When I got out of my car. I walked over to one guy, but he was a bottom. I walked over to another guy in his car who said, "I wouldn't mind getting sucked off," and invited me to the back of his SUV. So to the back we went. I made sure I closed the door behind me because I didn't want an audience while trying to suck him. 

I finally got it closed and went down on his nice cock. It tasted terrible but I assumed that it was just dried pee and would eventually wash away as I sucked. And it did. 

He was a short pudgy guy so I was expecting a short cock but he had a nice size one. Long enough that it poked my throat. After a couple of minutes of frantic bobbing and sucking I asked, "Can you cum?"

He asked, "Do you want my cum?" and I moaned, "Yes," around his cock. His hand on my head I continued bobbing up and down on his stiff cock. In five minutes or so I felt his cock swell and his balls retract and then with a shutter his balls let loose and he gave me his load. I moaned from joy as his hot gooey cum exploded across my tongue and oozed down my throat. 

Then I quickly got out of his car and he drove away. 

Wow, I though as I walked towards my car. "So quick, so hot, so frantic and oh so naughty. Climbing in my old Chev I went to school with cum in mouth and on my breath. 

Between third and fourth period, Austin asked me if we were still on that evening. I told him I'd pick him up after supper. When another student moved into ear shot we switched our conversation to the coming basketball season and what kind of team we might have.

About 7:30 that evening I pulled into Austin's driveway and honked. He came trotting out in a couple of minutes wearing gym shorts, a t-shirt and carrying a grocery bag in his left hand. Getting in, he tosses me the bag and said, "Here's your clothes." 

As I back out of the driveway, he said, "Let's not drive around like we did last time. I'm ready now for some action." The bulge rising in the front of his shorts confirmed his statement. We weren't the only ones out that night. When I pulled off Lower Tarrant Road we had to checkout 2 or 3 places before we found one unoccupied. Austin was so anxious that he pulled off his shorts as soon as we pulled off Carrier Pkwy and rode around the back roads naked while we were looking for a deserted spot.

It was a nice night that Austin wanted to do something different. He opened the passenger door and turned with his feet hanging out on the ground. Stripped to my panties I knelt on the ground between his legs and sucked him off. I liked sucking his cock. And the more I sucked him, the better I got. He seemed to like it when I'd bring him almost to an orgasm and then back him off. If I did it 2 or 3 times before I let him cum his orgasm was so powerful it would almost hurt. He would sob and have tears in his eyes.

The gravel hurt my bare knees but I was so in lust that I didn't notice. 

Just when Austin was getting ready to cum a car drove past. We were park with the driver's door towards the street and they couldn't see anything but he freaked anyway and pulled his cock out of my mouth. Past the point of no return, he proceeded to cum on my face and all over himself. I started laughing and was like dude what's up with that. He started laughing too. I lapped up what cum I could off him and cleaned up my face. 

The car just kept on going oblivious to us and what had just happened. I told Austin next time don't pull out, the way I'd parked the driver of the car couldn't see what we were doing.

After I dropped off Austin off at home, I was still horny so I made a detour by Waggoner Park. I park and boldly walked up to a guy sitting in his car with his window down. Always a good sign. As we chatted, my eyes straying to his crotch which he was nice enough to rub for me. I commented on how nice his bulge looked so he unzipped his pants and pulled out his cock and showed it to me.

I'm a sucker for the sight of a hard cock so that's all it took. I was around the car and in the passenger door. By the time I was in the car he had his seat pushed back and tilted. Even though we were parked so anyone walking by could see, I was in his lap opening his fly and freeing his cock completely.

Pants down, he turned sideways in the seat, back against the door, right foot up on the seat and left foot on the floor.

Almost panting with lust, I slid off the seat to my knees to avoid the console. it was time for action so I leaned toward his lap and took him in my hand. I started off running my tongue around the head and then slipped my mouth over it and closed my lips around the base. While sucking just the head, I flicked my tongue back and forth under his cock head. As he started getting harder I took more and more of his cock into my mouth. I sucked slow and deep. 

When he started to moan and groan I was sure everyone in the whole park heard him yelling. I felt his cock head swelling and his dick growing thicker in my mouth as I sucked. It felt like a piece of flesh covered steel. At this point is cock was in the back of my throat. When he was ready to cum I pulled back until only a couple of inches was in my mouth. I felt his cock pulsating between my lips as he groaned and thrashed around on the seat. I had to fight to keep his cock in my mouth. He put his hands on the back of my head to keep it in my mouth. Then it started pulsing and shooting thick wads of creamy cum into my mouth. He kept on cumming and cumming, what seemed to be a steady stream. 

I'll never forget the amount of cum shot in my mouth. He admitted later that he hadn't cummed in a few days.

Stumbling dazed to my car, I had to sit there a couple of minutes before I was able to start the engine and start home. As the next exit as I drove under the highway bridge and started the other way towards home, I laughed to myself about how much cum I'd gotten and it was only Tuesday. And I still had my Friday night drive-in date with James and the boys. This was going to be a good week. But as they say, the best laid plans of mice and men go astray. For various reasons all 3 guys got tied up with personal affairs and couldn't go Friday night. James had to entertain his out of town cousins. Dwayne had the flu and his mother put him to bed and Mitchel family went out of town to a wedding.

My plans shot down I headed for Waggoner Park with low expectations. Friday and Saturday nights were usually dead. Today I lucked out. It wasn't even dark and I hooked up with a guy. I climbed into the front of his pickup truck and he started driving to a place a little safer. When he got onto the road and settled into a safe and legal speed I did something I'd been wanting to do but didn't have the nerve. I kneeled down onto the floor board. When I unbuckled his belt and unzipped his pants, a nice thick uncircumcised cock popping out. 

I put my hand in his pants as best I could and started massaging his balls while my mouth worked on his cock. I used my lips to slide his foreskin back so I could tongue his head. He had that salty taste and musky, hardworking man scent that drives me wild. It was like he'd been doing hard manual labor all day. 

As I bobbed up and down as I sucked his shaft and deep throated him, his cock grew in my mouth. As his cock started to pulse I felt his nut sack tighten, his movements became a little erratic too. When I felt his leg muscles tighten I knew I was about to receive my reward. As he exploded in my mouth I continued to suck and swallow, taking every last drop of his cum until his balls were empty. 

As he relaxed his speed slowed. I could feel him pulling over and then when there was no traffic, making a U-turn and heading back in the direction we'd come from. 

I continued to lick and suck on his cock, hoping for another load but knowing it wouldn't be coming. As he pulled back into the Park parking lot he thanked me and asked, "Can we meet again?" 

"Definitely," was my response, "Give me your phone number."

As I watched him drive away I could still smell the sweat from his groin, taste the salt from his urine and I had that pasty feeling in my mouth from his load of cum. It was the perfect evening.