 It was a boring Monday evening and I had nothing better to do than lay on my bed pondering the last year of my life I couldn't believe then way it had turned out. If someone had told me a year ago I was a cocksucker it would have meant a fight. Now here I was lying in bed in a pretty pair of pink panties thinking about Friday night at the drive-in in the back of James's van sucking his, Dwayne's and Mitchel's cocks. I missed my Sunday evening trip to Waggoner Park so it's been almost 3 days since I've had a cock in my mouth. Then I heard the phone rings downstairs. When mom called me to the phone my luck changed. It was Austin, a guy that I'd met in the restroom at the drive-in. We go to the same high school and even live a couple of streets away from each other. But because we ran in different circles we didn't really know each other. Since we met I've sucked him off twice and apparently he liked it because he was calling me on the phone.

"Charles, my parents are going out for the evening. Won't be home until well after mid-night. If you come over you can suck my cock." When I readily agreed he said, "I have a nosy neighbor across the street. If you come in the front way she'll see you and tell my parents I had people over while they weren't home. So come up the alley and come in the back gate. Oh, you'd better walk because there is no place to hide your bike in the alley without getting it stolen.

It only took me minutes to slip on a t-short, gym shorts and tennis shoes. Not wanting my mom to know I was going out this late, I slipped out my window, out onto a limb and down the tree. Out the back gate and I was off. It wasn't far. Just to the end of my alley, turn right for 3 blocks and Austin's house was several houses up on the left. But I didn't want to get sweaty so I walked. 

Austin must have been watching for me, because when I slipped in the gate his back door opened before I even got to his back porch.

I could tell he was glad to see me. Even though the kitchen light was off there was enough light bleeding in from the hall to see the bulge in his gym shorts. He was pulling his shorts off as he walked in his bedroom door. When I caught up with him he was already sitting naked on the side of the bed with his legs spread, waiting. 

Almost leaping across the room I landed between his legs on my knees. Bracing my forearms on his thighs, I pushed them further as I lowered my face to his crotch and his erect teenage cock. I couldn't get him in my mouth fast enough. Austin muttered, "Oh yes," as the head passed between my lips and into my mouth. When I felt the head bump the back of my throat I closed my lips and just held him for a second. He was so excited that as I brought my tight lips slowly up his shaft he couldn't his bottom still on the bed. Smiling as I started slowly bobbing my mouth up and his thick shaft, I thought to myself, "God I love sucking cocks."

Not wanting to end my fun too fast I pulled my mouth off Austin's cock and lowered my face even lower. His moans of pleasure seemed to ignite a fire in me, as I sucked first one then the other of his balls into my mouth, gently rolling them around with my tongue. It felt so natural and yet so forbidden at the same time. Austin started moving his hips against my face, letting his cock trail across my lips with my tongue dragging along the underside of his shaft. With every movement, he praised me, telling me how good I was, how wonderful it felt to him. His cock was hard and throbbing, jumping and bouncing against my lips as I continued to revel in his readily apparent enjoyment.

As I continued to lick and nibble his balls, I pushed down on back. Going lower my supple tongue slithered from his musky balls down his taint until it connected to his tight puckered ass hole. "Oh fuck," he muttered and his whole body stilled as my tongue flicked his puckered ass hole. I licked his tight puckered asshole and he groaned with pleasure. A tongue tickling his ass hole was a pleasure he'd never experienced before. As he writhed with pleasure his knees instinctively bent and moved toward his head, rolling him up on his hips to give me more access to his ass. My tongue slid wetly down his ass crack making him moan loudly. 

My tongue danced it's between his balls and up the underside of his cock. Twirling my tongue around the base, Austin watched as I parted my lips and slipped my mouth back over his cock and deep-throated him. His fingers were buried in my hair, I was working him into a mind-numbing state of madness. Austin franticly pumped in and out of my mouth, encouraging me to bobbing my head, continuing with my sucking and swallowing motions.

When I pulled off, Austin groaned in disappointment, even telling me to get back to sucking. I laughed, opened my mouth and deep-throated him. My fingers never stopped moving, I palmed his packaged, squeezed his balls and rolled them between my fingers. He shuddered when he felt the gentle dragging sensation of my teeth as they ascended up the full length of his cock and back down again. 

Unable to hold out any longer, Austin gripped my head and slammed repeatedly into my mouth. He pumped in and out, controlling the action until his thick powerful teenage cum was shooting out of his tight balls and splashing across my tongue and against the back of my throat. His fluids shot free a second and then a third time. 

When he ease up, Austin muttered, "Fuck," he as he gazed down at my cum-coated lips. 

While we were getting our second wind, Austin suggested that I strip and join him on the bed. Kicking off my tennis shoes, I grabbed the hem of my t-shirt and pulled it up and over my head. Thumbs in my waistband I pealed my gym shorts down and off. When I raised up and hooked my thumbs in my pretty pink panties, Austin suddenly stopped me. As I stood there he moved to the edge of the bed and rubbed his hand across my nylon clad butt. After caressing my butt and even cupping my panty clad balls, he laughed and said, "Leave them on."

Austin propped his head up on two pillows against the headboard and I laid on my belly with my cheek on his thigh and my feet up toward the pillows. As we chatted about school and life in general I watched his flaccid cock twitch as I teased it with my warm breath. While I teased him with my supple tongue and lips, he caressed my panty clad bottom. Moving my left arm across his leg and lifted his cock with my index finger. As his purplish head peeked wetly from his wrinkled foreskin I couldn't resist kissing, then flicking it with my tongue It was hard to believe this limp piece of flesh that hung limply over his ball was only a few minutes earlier so hard and powerful, the skin stretched so tight that it appeared uncut. 

A virile quick re-loading teenager, Austin was soon twitching back to life. Then came the inevitable question, "What does it feel like to suck a cock?"

"It's extremely sensual to have something so firm and stiff and yet soft at the surface, and warm and pulsing with life between your lips and on your tongue," I murmured as I started licking up and down his growing shaft. I licked down to his balls, not spending much time, I sucked and licked each one. I licked my way back up and popped his cock in my mouth. My tongue was licking under the head as I sucked. My head started to bounce up and down. Austin was moaning, "Ugh, ugh, ugh," and telling me I was good. 

Several times I would bring him to the edge but not letting him cum. His pre-cum flowed freely. Austin started jerking and bucking around on the bed and telling me, "Oh god. Keep sucking." 

When I finally let Austin cum, it was so powerful that he almost passed out. The first squirt hit the back of my throat and slid down it. I started sucking harder and my tongue flicking his cock head. About 3 more squirts followed filling my eager mouth with his thick sticky load. 

After he went flaccid in my mouth, he said, "Thanks that was great," and I said, "Anytime."

As we were catching out breath we heard a car pull up in the driveway. We both froze at the sound of the car door opening and closing. "Ohmigod," Austin wailed, "it's my parents." Before we could react we heard the front door open and close. "They can't find you here. You've got to get out," he said as he pushed me towards the window. Before I could say anything he'd pushed me half way out the window. 

With my bare feet braced in the trellis running up the outside wall, I muttered, "My clothes?"

"I'll have to give them back to you later," whispered Austin as he closed the window and shut the blind.

If you've never done it, climbing down a rose bush trellis at 11 o'clock at night wearing nothing but pretty pink panties isn't as much fun as it sounds like. Once on the ground I had to crouch down and hid in the rose bushes while Austin's father stood on the back porch and had a smoke. When I came it the back gate was only about 40 feet from the porch. In the middle of the night in panties it felt like it was a thousand yards. Then when I got there the gate squeaked loud enough to wake the dead. 

I did realize how gravelly the ally was until I had to walk on it barefooted. Austin's house was only seven from the corner but I still had to hide behind some trashcans while the boy a couple of doors down brought out the trash. If things weren't bad enough the kid got a pack of cigarettes from where he'd hidden them and sneaked a smoke. 

I'd never realized how bright the street lights were on the street was until I had to the 3 blocks from one alley to the other. Half way to my alley I had to hide in the bushes again because old lady Mrs. MaCreaty was walling her noisy little Pomeranian. The little bastard either saw or smelled me in the bushes and raised a ruckus but she was so blind she didn't see me. Not even when her rotten little Pomeranian pulled to the end of his leash and peed on my leg. 

I thought I was safe when I turned into my alley. No such luck. The teenage girl next door brought out their trash. After she put the trash in the can she star gazed for a few minutes. 

I was never so glad to get in my back gate in my life. Half way across the yard the bock door opened and I had to dive in the bushes again. Mom was baking and opened the door to cool off the kitchen. The way the kitchen light fell across the yard I couldn't make it to my tree without passing through the light. I had to lay in the damp grass for 20 minutes until mom left the kitchen so I could sprint across the grass to my tree. 

I'd climbed up and down my tree 100s of times but never in nothing but panties. When I finally made it up to and into my window I was covered with scrapes and scratches. Inside, I shut the window and collapsed on my bed.

As I lay there gasping for breath I asked myself if sucking cocks was worth all that trouble. Hell, yes it was. I'd do it again tomorrow night.