 This is meant to be the third part of a series. The first installment was Wrestling on the Third Date and the second was Hiking With Nicole. This story should stand alone but please refer to those for the back story.

We were laying in bed after sex one Wednesday night when Nicole sprung yet another surprise on me. It started like this:

"Do you have any bi-sexual tendencies?" Nicole asked.

As usual she caught me off-guard. You would think that after four months of sex together she wouldn't be questioning my sexuality. I was quite sure I was heterosexual. Like the old soap commercials, I would say at least 99 and 44/100% sure. Me, I would never rule anything out completely, but I gave her the answer I always gave whenever questions like this came up. "All I know is that whenever I have sex, I need to be the only man in the room." I was hoping that put to rest any questions about my sexuality. Nicole didn't say anything else for several seconds, so I added, "Why, do you?"

We were lying naked, her head on my chest, and her leg draped over mine. She began to idly run her hand across my chest hairs. "I've experimented once or twice," she said.

I forced myself not to seem overly excited at the thought. "Oh," I said as casually as I could, trying and failing to keep my previously flaccid penis from springing back to attention. I was hoping she would start giving details on her own, but she didn't say anything else, so I tried to keep the conversation going. "Do you want to... talk about it?" I asked.

"Well," Nicole said, shifting her position so that her pussy rested firmly against my thigh, "One time in college I got drunk with one of my girlfriends, and one thing led to another, and we fooled around a bit." I could feel her ever-so-subtly press herself against my thigh.

I was waiting, hoping for more detail, but she stayed silent. What do I do? Do I prod her along? One of my girlfriends, long ago, told me about a threesome that a previous boyfriend had all but coerced her into. She told me that she was put off by the way that any man she would confess it to would start pressing her for details and be practically drooling over the thought of it. I had to play it cool, I kept telling myself. "Wow," I said.

"Yeah," Nicole said, and for a moment I thought that the conversation was over, but then she continued, "She was five foot nine and blonde, just gorgeous. I had never been attracted to another woman before. We were talking and laughing, and it just sort of... happened. Suddenly we were making out... our hands were exploring our bodies... it was amazing. We never went beyond kissing and touching," Nicole said, her subtle humping of my thigh becoming less subtle, "But I used to think about her all the time when I was married, especially towards the end. I would picture her face while I was with my husband because he wasn't doing it for me anymore."

I turned my head and squinted at her out of the corner of my eye. "Do you think about her while we're together?" I asked.

Nicole craned her neck and kissed me on the cheek. "No," she said, "I definitely don't need any help with you around."

Happy with her answer, I went back to staring contentedly at the ceiling, feeling Nicole's weight on my body as she idly stroked my chest hair and slowly ground her pussy against my thigh. 

Nicole wasn't done talking, though. "The other time started just a few months before I met you," she said.

"Mmm hmm," I mumbled idly, and then her words sank in. Started? As in didn't finish? "Wait," I said, turning my head to peer at her sideways again, "Do you mean that you've been with a woman recently, and you're still seeing her?"

Nicole didn't answer right away; she pressed herself against my thigh a few more times with more urgency. "I met her at the gym," Nicole said, "Her name is Alice. We were working out together late one night, and we ended up in the locker room. We were the last two people there. She stripped out of her workout clothes and she had the most amazing body. I was just staring at her. She must have noticed and without a word she came up to me and kissed me." As she spoke Nicole moved both of her hands. Her left hand went between her legs, and I could feel her rubbing her clit between my thighs. Her right hand was slowly stroking my cock, which had gotten hard while she was telling her story. "Since then it's never moved much beyond that. If we find ourselves alone we'll steal a kiss or maybe fondle each other a little. The whole thing is exhilarating. The naughtiness of it all, the fear of getting caught. I get so hot just thinking about it." Nicole lifted herself up slowly, positioning herself above my cock. I could feel the wet spot she left on my leg. She slid into me easily, taking my entire length into her, and then began to slowly ride me. "Anyway," she said, "The other night we were riding the stationary bikes together and I told her about you and what a great fuck you are, and she said she'd like to meet you. Are you interested?"

I stared at her incredulously. Nicole kept on riding me as though she confesses to bi-sexuality and invites her boyfriend to meet her girlfriend every day. I thought about the old Seinfeld episode. I wasn't sure if I could be THAT guy. I would need to get new carpeting. I smiled despite myself, and thought of a question that I wanted to ask first. "This Alice," I said, "Do you know if she's bi-sexual like you, or is she a lesbian?"

Nicole stopped moving, lost in thought. "Actually, she never said anything I could take either way," she said, resuming her slow but steady riding of my cock, "She seemed interested when I was describing you to her. She never mentioned to me anything about past relationships, male or female."

So, she could be a lesbian, wanting Nicole all to herself, and hoping to check out her competition, I thought. Another piece of pop culture came into my head. This time it was the movie Hot Shots. I met someone else. Is it another woman? Because I just couldn't compete. No, of course you couldn't. I really liked Nicole but her admission to bi-sexuality threw some doubt on our future relationship. I had always been a strict monogamist, even when my marriage was going poorly. Although Nicole and I had never discussed being exclusive, I frankly hadn't given a thought to anybody else since we started dating, while Nicole was carrying on a clandestine relationship with a woman from the gym. Isn't that what happened to Ross and his first wife on Friends? If Nicole and I ended up together... long term... would she always be looking to have a woman on the side? Would I be able to handle it? This stuff all seemed too heavy for the moment, especially while she was fucking me. I agreed to meet Alice, and Nicole said she would invite her out to dinner with us on Saturday night. Once it was all settled, Nicole picked up the pace and brought us both to orgasm.

I left Nicole's apartment early the next morning to go to work, and didn't speak to her again for the rest of the week. Of course, I couldn't stop thinking about what Nicole had told me. I wondered about this Alice, and if she was a lesbian trying to keep Nicole to herself, or even if she was bi-sexual and that we wouldn't hit it off. Was my relationship with Nicole running its course? Those couple of days were quite an emotional roller-coaster, alternately thinking that I was about to embark on a sexual adventure that would make me the envy of all of my male friends, and then that my relationship Nicole was going to crash and burn because she fell for a lesbian that wants to take her away from me.

Nicole called me Saturday morning. "Hey," she said, "Are you still up for tonight?"

I swallowed. "Sure," I said, mustering up as much confidence as I could.

"Great," Nicole said, "I have to go to the office in the afternoon, so I'll just meet you guys at the restaurant. I told Alice that we'll meet at Wednesday's at 6pm."

"Okay," I said, "I'll be there."

I didn't have my daughter, so I ran some errands in the morning, and tried to keep myself occupied in the afternoon. I bounced from one hobby to the next, just trying to keep my mind off of my growing anxiety and apprehension. Oh, the fear of the unknown. Was this going to be one of the most memorable nights of my life? Was it going to be because it was great or awful?

It was a hot July day, so as the time approached I dressed in jeans, a Beatles t-shirt, and left a Hawaiian shirt unbuttoned on top of it. I do dress to impress, don't I? It was still really early so I found myself pacing nervously around my apartment for a while, waiting to get to the time where I could leave for the restaurant and only be 15 minutes early. Finally I just wandered out into my car and drove over to the restaurant, lingering in the car for five more minutes, musing about the path that my life has taken. I took a deep breath and got out of my car, and walked into the restaurant. It was one of those family chain restaurants, dark and noisy and trying to create its own 'atmosphere' to set it apart from all of the other places trying to do the exact same thing.

I walked in and asked for a table for three. It turned out that the restaurant was still half empty. Most people were still at the beach or doing whatever they do in the summer, so I told them I would wait until everyone was there before sitting down. They offered me a seat at the bar, but since I don't drink I would've felt silly sitting there. I sat down in the waiting area and tried to look as serene as I could while staring out into the parking lot looking for Nicole or somebody that might have been Alice.

Nicole shared my gift for punctuality, which was one of the reasons why I liked her so much, so when six came and went I started to worry that she got stuck at work. Finally about five minutes after six Nicole arrived, dressed to kill in a tight gray knee-length skirt and black stockings, and a white blouse with a gray jacket. Her long brown hair, which she usually wore in a pony tail, was loose and cascading down her shoulders. I greeted her at the door and she kissed me hello, and I realized only then that Nicole was wearing 4 inch heels so that we were practically eye to eye.

"Sorry I'm late, I got stuck at the office," Nicole said, "I came straight from work."

"I see that," I said, "You look beautiful."

"Thank you. I would say that you came straight from the beach," Nicole said, "But I know that for you this is practically a tuxedo. Is Alice here yet?"

"I don't think so," I said, "I was looking for a single woman but... you know..." I trailed off, partly because I didn't know what to say and partly because I realized that Nicole wasn't even listening, looking past my shoulder and into the restaurant for any sign of Alice.

"I don't see her," Nicole said, still looking over my shoulder. "Well, let's sit down. I'm sure she'll be here soon." We went up to the hostess and got a booth in a relatively quiet corner. Nicole sat across from me, which left me wondering which side Alice would sit on once she arrived. We carried on idle conversation about our days, but we were both so preoccupied with waiting for Alice that we were barely listening to each other. Nicole kept looking all around, and I did too, even though I had no idea what to look for. I didn't think to ask Nicole for a better description and she didn't offer one.

We lapsed into an uneasy silence. I sat facing away from the door, so eventually I gave up turning around to look every five seconds for somebody I wouldn't recognize anyway, and just watched Nicole as she kept an eye out for her. Once every minute or so Nicole would catch my eye and smile nervously. I felt a rush of affection for her. We had been together for four months now, and I guess I was starting to wonder what was going to happen with us. My disaster of a marriage was starting to fade into memory, finally, but I held onto a firm vow that I would never marry again. Nicole shared a similar viewpoint after her failed marriage. So, what were we? Were we just going to fuck ourselves silly until we got tired of it and moved on to other people? Were we going to move on to a long term relationship, and if marriage was out of the question, at least live together? Finding out that Nicole was bi-sexual was thrilling to the part of me that just wanted the sexual part of our relationship, but alarming to the part of me that was hoping that Nicole and I would be together for a long time. Would tonight be the start of something new and exciting, or the beginning of the end of our relationship?

We were probably waiting for Alice for 15 minutes by this point. I managed to resist fiddling with my iPhone so I didn't know what time it was. Finally Alice arrived. I could see by the way that Nicole's face lit up. I felt a strange pang of jealousy, thinking that I never saw her face like that when she saw me. I turned around to see who was approaching. My impression of her came in a series of single-word descriptions. Tall. Blonde. Built. Young. Nicole leapt up to greet her and I did the same. She was wearing a flowing blue blouse that was semi-transparent so that I could clearly see her bra underneath, and a frilly blue skirt that barely reached her knees. As I openly ogled her body, I saw gorgeous legs and platform sandals that made her an inch or two taller than me. She must have been 5'9 with her feet firmly on the ground, with at least a C cup chest, with an hourglass figure. If I saw Alice at any other moment in my life, I would've quickly dismissed her as out of my league, but I would've continued to glance at her longingly as long as she was still in sight. Yet here she was, my girlfriend's lover. I thought for a moment that it figured that my girlfriend could attract more beautiful women than I could, and then I hated myself for thinking it, because Nicole was very attractive. In fact, this was the most beautiful Nicole had ever looked to me, dressed up like she was, and then I had another ugly little thought that she was all dressed up for Alice and not for me. I tried to shake off all of my bad thoughts, and just let whatever was about to happen, happen. Alice gave Nicole a long hug, and then turned to shake my hand. She greeted me warmly, and I didn't get a sense that she saw me as 'competition.'

She sat down beside Nicole and I sat back down across from them. Alice was 29, a full ten years younger than I was. She was in pharmaceutical sales, the go-to profession for hot chicks, I mused. I found myself staring at her, and felt for a moment that I was neglecting Nicole, so I turned to look at her. She had turned herself against the corner of the booth so that she could see Alice more clearly. She caught my eye and winked.

The women got drinks and I got water. A few minutes later we ordered our meals. Afterwards Alice excused herself to go to the bathroom. Nicole watched her walk out of sight, and then turned to me.

"So, what do you think?" Nicole asked.

"She's very pretty," I said, "But not as pretty as you," I quickly added.

I'm not even sure what Nicole heard. She had already gone back to staring off in the direction Alice went to. "Isn't she?" Nicole replied. I swallowed, feeling slightly anxious that I was going to find myself home alone that night. I resolved to myself that when Alice came back I would try to gauge her interest in me. Nicole looked anxious too, sipping her drink and glancing at me again. "Are you sure you're okay with this?" She suddenly asked.

I mustered up all of the machismo and bravado that I could, "What? Going out to dinner with two beautiful women?" I asked. "This is great. What happens later..." I started to say, and then realized that I wasn't sure what I wanted to say about later. I didn't even have a chance to finish my thought anyway because Alice returned, "Happens later," I mumbled.

Our food arrived a few minutes later and we ate quietly. At one point I felt a bare foot press against my shin. I figured that it was Nicole. I casually glanced up at both women, but neither of them winked or showed any sign that they were the one playing footsie with me.

Once we were done eating we sat and talked a bit about our lives. I watched Alice intently but I honestly couldn't tell what she thought of me. I couldn't get a solid clue about her sexual orientation either, for that matter. 

"What color are your eyes?" Alice suddenly asked me, leaning across the table to get a closer look. I applied all of my willpower to not glancing at her cleavage as her movements pressed her breasts together in front of me, and failed. 

"They're hazel," I said, gazing back at Alice's green eyes and willing myself not to look back down at her chest. "Are you really 39?" Alice continued, "You don't look a day over 35."

I couldn't tell if she was flirting with me or not. "You don't look a day over 25," I replied, "But I'm sure men compliment you all the time."

"No, not really," Alice said, "I think I intimidate a lot of men. They're afraid to approach me. I think it's true of most beautiful women. Don't you agree Nicole?" Deflecting my comment about men and changing it to women? I thought to myself, she's a lesbian.

Nicole seemed completely lost in thought again, maybe trying to figure out the same thing I was. "Hmm?" She said. "Oh, of course." She took another sip of her drink. "Hey," she said, "The night is still young. Do you guys want to come back to my place and watch a movie or something?"

In my younger days I probably would've taken that at face value. Hey, Nicole wants us to hang out together, cool! At this point in my life I recognized it as a pickup line, and since Nicole and I spending Saturday nights together was almost implied at this point, it was directed at Alice. I didn't even think to answer Nicole; I just turned right to Alice as she seemed to consider it. She looked at Nicole, and then she looked at me. "Sure, why not?" She said.

We asked for the check and got into a comical fight over it. Alice wanted to pay her share and we both refused. I wanted to pay for everyone but Nicole insisted that she pay the bill because it was her idea. "Go buy something nice for your daughter," she snapped playfully as she tossed the twenty dollar bill I tried to give her back to me. I finally relented and we got up to leave. We were all in separate cars, and Alice followed us back to Nicole's apartment.

The first thing I noticed when I entered Nicole's apartment was that it was freezing. It was a hot and humid July evening, so air conditioning was necessary, but Nicole must have cranked it up high. Nicole gave Alice a quick tour of the apartment, and then excused herself to change out of her work clothes, leaving me and Alice standing awkwardly in her living room.

I wracked my brain to come up with small talk, which was never my strong suit. "So, you guys met at the gym?" I asked.

"Yeah," Alice said, "I always try to work out at least twice a week. What about you?"

"Yeah, me too, it's good to keep in shape," I replied.

"You look in good shape to me," Alice said, and I suddenly got the feeling that maybe Alice wasn't gay, after all. I blushed and smiled at the floor, feeling my dick stirring from the thought that maybe this woman was attracted to me, although I wasn't sure if the compliment came with a backhanded 'for your age.'

"I like to give him a good workout," Nicole said, returning from her bedroom. I turned to stare at her, startled by her innuendo. It wasn't out of character for her, but I wasn't expecting her to say something like that in front of Alice. She had changed into a t-shirt and sweatpants. She was obviously as cold as I was, because her nipples were trying to poke holes in her shirt. Alice laughed heartily, and I allowed myself a nervous chuckle. "Have a seat," Nicole said, motioning to her sofa. It was only a two-seater, and Alice initially headed for the recliner, but Nicole patted the empty space on the other side of her. "You can sit here," Nicole offered, "We're all skinny. We can fit." We scrunched together; Nicole and I crammed closely together with her legs together and my arm around her. Alice had a little more room on the other end. "Is anybody else cold?" Nicole asked, taking a blanket that was over the back of the sofa and draping it over us. I suddenly realized her reason for making it so cold in her apartment, so that we could snuggle under a blanket. Nicole was a clever girl.
