 I hesitated for just a second before opening the door and entering the bar. I was in town for business and had come here many times for lunch. This was the place to be for the view and the beer. Every table was packed and the bevy of wait staff busy attending to all the tables. There wasn't one empty in the place, it was jammed. Classic rock was playing in the background and some twenty televisions had all the current sporting events playing, sensory overload. I found an open stool at the bar and sat down.

I was met right away by a wonderful looking brunette who had to be barely legal to be serving; she quickly returned with my pint and asked if I need a menu. I said thanks and that I would like to get something to eat. She brought me the appetizer menu and said everything was good. I was having a hard time not staring. She was hot, with her long dark curls just beyond her shoulders. Her hair mixed well with her hazel eyes and her smile was lipstick and white.

An hour had passed and I had put away a couple beers already with my dinner. The dinner crowd had slowly thinned and even the space at the bar had thinned. Two women came up next to me at the bar and asked if the seats were taken. I said no and to help themselves. They thanked me and introduced themselves as Chris and Sara. I smiled, and told them my name.

Chris asked if I was in town on business. I explained that I was and that I didn't live far from there. I went on to mention that my customer had really talked the place up and I had to see for myself what the hype was all about. Sara chimed in and said I wouldn't be disappointed. It wasn't until that point that I had really taken notice, but Sara appeared to be younger than Chris.

She was a little on the heavy side, but she wore it well. With her being only about five foot, I'm sure that made her look bigger than she was. Full hips with a smaller waist gave way to a set of breasts that were mouthwatering. They had to be 40DD or close. She had a cute face, short dirty blonde hair and her smile lit up the room.

Chris, slightly taller, was very thin and had similar dirty blonde hair, and also a great smile. Her breasts, much smaller than Sara's, perhaps 34C and had no real curves to speak of. I noted both were dressed like they were out for the evening and I had to ask. I wanted to ask if they came here often, but I was fairly sure that would have sounded retarded. Chris indicated they were out for the night. Sara added that they came here often and enjoyed the guy watching and the music. They both looked at each other and we continued drinking and the light conversation.

Time had passed, the girls mostly kept to themselves and I could only pick up bits and pieces of what they were talking about. I was getting ready to tab out for the night when Sara asked me if I had plans for the rest of the night. I said I didn't but that I was just getting ready to head back to my room at the hotel. I asked them if they were heading on and they said they had such a good time chatting that they didn't want it to end. Sara then asked if I wanted company and I tried not to answer too quickly.

I'm not an overly attractive looking guy in my opinion. I had never been asked this before during my travels, but I wasn't going to say no. I indicated I was right next door. I gave them my room number and proceeded to head for the door. They said they would be a few minutes and needed to freshen up. My mind was racing. This was all new ground for me. I didn't think I would see them after that.

Fifteen minutes later came a knock on the door. I was in shock. Hesitation turned quickly into curiosity. I opened the door and Sara and her beaming smile greet me with a hello. I opened the door further, waved her in with hello. I figured she sent Chris on her way since I didn't see her. This thought was quickly dispensed as Chris came around the corner and through the door. She grabbed me by the back of the head and locked her lips on mine. Finding my tongue, she drew it into her mouth. I'm sure my mouth would have been gaping wide open if hers wasn't covering it. As I said, this had never happened to me before.

Sara interrupted indicating she wanted some of what Chris was getting and wrestled me away from Chris. Sara's lips, softer, began a slow seductive kiss as I hear the door close. I then felt someone's hands at my pants. I quickly found Chris removing my jeans as Sara continued jousting with my tongue for control. She broke away just long enough for my shirt to come off. Now Chris had taken back over keeping my lips busy as Sara's clothes flew off all around us. Chris had wasted no time is disrobing. Her taught nipples anxiously poked me as I cupped her breast seeking out her hard nipple.

Sara had moved behind me, rubbing and hugging me. Chris and I continued feeling each other, kissing, there were hands everywhere. Then I lost my breath. Somewhere in the mix, Sara had slid down my body. Evidence of her arousal ran along my leg and she had just taken my hardening cock deep into her mouth. She began sucking and I was finding it harder and harder to stand. The girl was working me over in a great way.

Chris sensed my trouble and suggested we get to the bed. As we all climbed on, Chris said "Just so you don't get the wrong idea, Sara and I are not going to go down on each other or kiss or anything like that."

I was okay with that. Sara again attached my now raging hard cock with a fever as Chris lowered her pussy to my waiting lips. Straddling my head, she was facing Sara and enjoying her oral demonstration on me. Chris tasted amazing. She was so wet and her lips had opened giving me total access to her now hardened clit. My tongue was as far inside as I could reach.

I reached up to pinch, and tease her left nipple and my other hand found Sara's much fuller breast and hard nipple. Her breast was huge! I couldn't get my hand around all of it. It was soft and she must have liked what I was doing. She started moaning around my cock as she continued sucking me. I wasn't going to last much longer and suggested they switch. It took only seconds and they had traded places. Chris' lips, smaller, not as full, brought a different sensation. The suction wasn't as intense, but her attentiveness was never lacking.

Sara's pussy was soaked. Her clit, smaller than Chris' was a lot more sensitive and she had to move away several times as I attached it and her labia. Her lips were smaller which gave way to my tongue going deeper inside her pussy. She was on fire. Her orgasm started as small tremors within her legs. It then expanded into her waste and as I reached to grab and pinch a nipple, she exploded all over my face. She shook violently as wave after blissful wave consumed her. I lost it at that point and as Chris was stroking and sucking me I came.

"OH SHIT," escaped my lips and I sent Sara over the top again and I felt some cum running down the sides of my cock. It had obviously escaped Chris' attempt to swallow all of me. Chris got up, I heard the faucet running in the bathroom and she returned with a warm cloth for me to wipe my face.

My face was soaked! "Thanks, WOW that was amazing!, I hope you aren't leaving though, I should be good for another."

"That's good, because I want to climb on that cock of yours and get mine," was Chris' response. 

Then the shocker from Sara: "Mom, I want to taste some of that cum first."

"Wait...what"? I blurted out.

"Sara is my daughter, Bob, and we had been talking about doing this for a while. We weren't sure how that would be received, so we didn't say anything. Sara's husband recently left her for another woman. He said she had put on too much weight after she had their daughter and I have been divorced for years. We are essentially best friends and talk openly about sex. That is why we won't do anything with each other."

It all made sense and although I felt this was an openness I couldn't have with, say my father, I was good with it.

Sara took the opportunity and her thighs never left the side of my head as she bent over me. This put us in a sixty nine position as she cleaned the cum up that had escaped Chris' lips. She then took me into her mouth and my cock sprang to life. Chris, in the meantime had been playing with her clit and pinching and rolling her nipple in anticipation of jumping on my now hard again cock.

Sara turned around, faced the headboard as Chris mounted me slowly taking her time consuming me within her very snug and very wet pussy. With Sara turned around, this gave me a different angle to attach her clit and devour her pussy. My tongue was snaking in and out and trying to get to places that would drive her crazy. As I ran my tongue around her clit my hands were on her breasts giving them a great massage.

Chris had finally sank down all the way on me and I was buried to my tightening balls. She began moving up and down slowly, almost to the point of my coming out. Then she dropped all the way down on me, it was fantastic. Sara came again twice during this and showed signs of tiring. Chris' orgasm was now beginning to build. Sara, exhausted, climbed off me and sat in the chair near the bed and Chris was going wild.

"Flip me over and fuck me doggie style. I want to feel your balls against my clit as you ram me from behind."

How could I refuse? Her pussy was much tighter from that angle and I knew that it would be hard to keep from cumming again. I was pistoning in and out as fast and hard as she begged me to. She came, it was out of the blue. She shook, almost as if she was having a seizure. Her breathing was heavy and she was grunting through it until at last it was over. Spent, she climbed off me and I again felt that warm towel.

Sara had gone and warmed it up and was wiping me down. She quickly took me to the back of her throat and sucked with a tenacity that didn't exist earlier. Chris began licking my balls and it only took a couple minutes for me to fill Sara's mouth with my cum. My orgasm ripping through me causing my whole body to tense up.

"You two are incredible," was all I could muster.

Chris got up and went in the bathroom, and Sara had rolled over next to me on the bed. Frowning, she said, "I didn't get a chance to feel you inside me. I wanted to fuck you."

"I think we can still make that happen tonight. I'm going to need some help rising to the occasion though."

"I think I can help too," Chris said as she came over after hearing this with a smile on her face. "I will get you up."

She took me into her mouth. She began licking and sucking on me. I slowly began to feel the blood flowing back into my cock. It didn't really take very long, and as soon as I was hard enough I asked her how she would like it. 

"This is all about you," I said "your pleasure is my priority."

"I want you on top of me. I miss the feeling of a man looking at me, into my eyes, feeling him deep inside me filling me."

I moved on top, resting my arms by her sides and slowly slid inside. Her small labia grabbed at me and I could feel her contracting as she worked me in. Cumming a few times already would have had me thinking she would be loosened up, but I was wrong. This helped to not only keep me hard, but made me harder and as we continued. I truly felt I might actually cum again.

I sucked a nipple into my mouth and she lost it. She began cumming almost instantly. I felt her juices pouring out and around me and it soon became difficult to maintain any friction to keep me stimulated. "let me finish you by sucking on you again, you taste so good."

Sara and I quickly flipped over and she climbed between my legs. She started going down on me with a passion. I guess I had missed the flashes earlier. Chris was actively snapping pictures with her phone as her daughter was bobbing and stroking me.

I said, "Please be sure to email me the pictures, I would love to see what all this fun looked like from a third person perspective."

Sara's attentiveness didn't take long and again I filled her mouth with another, much smaller, load of cum. None had escaped this time. We all got cleaned up, they got dressed. We traded email addresses with a promise to send the pictures. They each gave me a kiss good night and they were out the door. They said there was no chance we would ever hook up again, this was their fantasy now played out. Two o'clock in the morning had come fast and I was wiped. I had more orgasms in those few hours than I as many weeks. I was asleep the moment my head hit the pillow.