 I went to a small college in a town about 25 minutes from my parents' town. To save money, I lived with my parents and commuted my junior year. It worked out ok because my girlfriend, Sarah, lived close to my parents' house and went to a local community college, although the half-hour drive every day got to be a chore.

On a cold Wednesday in January of that year, we had a bad ice storm, which isn't unusual for the upper Midwest. Anyway, I had class with a girl from my high school named Meg that afternoon at 2:30. After my 1:00 class, it was announced that classes were canceled for the rest of the day and for Thursday. Everyone was really excited. I thought it would be a great night to visit Sarah and keep her warm if you know what I mean.

I said bye to Meg and her friend Kelly and headed for my car. I got out the door and half way to my car when I slipped on the ice and fell right on my ass. Embarrassed, I got up and headed for the car. Unfortunately, my little rear wheel drive sports car was covered in about a quarter of an inch in ice. I couldn't get either of the doors open to get my ice scrapper out. I borrowed one from the dude who parked next to me after he finished scraping his windows. I got a little of the ice scraped off and got the car going, but I decided it wasn't a good idea to drive home after hearing the traffic report on the radio. My mom called my cell and left a message telling me to stay with a friend in town rather than drive home too. Just then I saw Meg and Kelly walking out of the science building.

"Hey Larry, do you think its safe to drive home?" Meg yelled at me.

"No, I think I'm going to stay here and head home tomorrow morning when they get the roads in better shape." I replied.

"Do you have a place to stay?" Meg asked.

"Uh, well no. I thought I'd call Doug." I said.

"Well, you can sleep on my couch if you want and you don't have to drive to Doug's. I just live on the corner about a block over. Kelly and I are walking there now."

"Ok. If you don't mind, I mean." I said.

I really liked Meg. She is a really smart girl and really nice. She has a lot friends and does a lot of good things for people. She not the kind of girl I'd think about dating though because she's kind of chubby. Well, not kind of. She's about 6 feet tall and probably weighs between 275 and 300 pounds. Although for being such a big girl she carries her weight well and her face is really appealing. Sometimes I couldn't help but stare at her big tits when she showed a little cleavage too. I always felt bad when I'd do that though since she's so sweet and innocent.

I walked with Kelly and Meg to Meg's apartment. Kelly lived in the apartment upstairs from Meg, which made it nice for them to walk to school together. The icy rain was still failing lightly and the three of us got pretty wet and cold. We finally got to Meg's building. Kelly headed for her apartment and I followed Meg into hers. 

"I'm going to put on some dry clothes Larry." Meg said and she went into her bedroom.

Unfortunately I didn't have any other clothes, so I just plopped down on the couch. A couple minutes later, Meg popped out of her room wearing a tight pair of sweat pants and a sweatshirt and carrying a pair of sweats and a sweatshirt.

"Here Larry. These aren't very manly, but you can wear these tonight and I'll dry you clothes for you to wear home tomorrow." Meg said as she threw me the gear. "Wow, thanks Meg. Are you sure you don't mind me wearing your stuff?"

"No that's fine. I know its kind of bad you can fit in my clothes." Meg said

"Huh?" I asked.

"Well I'm pretty fat, so men can fit in my clothes." Meg explained.

"Oh, I don't think it's bad, I mean --" I tried to ease the awkwardness.

"Its ok, just put the clothes on." She said.

While I was in the bathroom changing the phone rang, I could hear Meg talking and decided she must be talking to Kelly. When I came out of the bathroom, Meg asked for my clothes so she could wash them for me. I handed her my shirt, jeans, and socks that I'd worn that day. She looked confused.

"No boxers or briefs here Larry? My panties got soaked I'll wash your drawers for you too if you want to get those wet things off too."

"Uh, ok. Sure." I said as I popped back into the bathroom. I thought it was just kind of wrong to go commando in Meg's ultra soft girlie cotton pants.

"Kelly is coming down to watch a movie since there's no school tomorrow. Is that ok?" Meg said when I got out of the bathroom.

"Sure."

"It will probably be something girlie, if you don't mind." She cautioned.

"Uh, whatever." I said. 

A few minutes later, Kelly knocked on the door with a handful of DVDs. Meg went into the kitchen to pop some popcorn.

"Hey Larry, what do you think Meg would do if I popped in a porno?" Kelly laughed.

"She'd probably get turn bright red and tell you that you ruined her DVD player with your smut." I said.

"I'm going to do. Do you like lesbians or a girl pleasing 4 hung studs better?" She asked. 

"Uh, I think I'll take the lesbians over the sausage-fest please." I laughed.

"Why do two girls going at it turn you guys on so much? That's fine, but afterwards I want to see the hung dicks ok." She bargained.

Just then Meg came back into the room with a huge bowl of popcorn and three grape sodas.

"Where's the beer?" Kelly demanded.

"You know I don't drink!" Meg barked back.

"Grape is fine with me." I said.

"Oh no. This is going to be a party! I'll be right back." Kelly said as she ran out the door presumably to get some beer from her room.

"What movies did she bring, Larry?" Meg asked.

"I don't know. A bunch of them." I replied.

Just then Kelly returned with a couple six packs. One of some kind of fufu lemonade stuff and one of a popular lite beer.

"Here!" Kelly said as she handed me a beer.

Apparently, Kelly was more fun than I thought. She had two different pornos on DVD and she liked beer a lot. She was somewhat the same shape as Meg only a little smaller all around. Come to think of it, she was always showing cleavage at school and she liked short skirts and black knee high hooker boots a lot. She was a lot more fun than I ever gave her credit for I guess.

"Kelly, why don't you start a movie. I'm going to go to the bathroom real quick." Meg said handing the remote to Kelly.

"All right!" Kelly said. "Let's get this party started."

Meg got up and went to the bathroom. Kelly smirked at me while she inserted the first porno in the DVD player and pushed start. The scene opened with two smoking hot girls on the couch one wearing tight pants with her thong straps peaking out the side and the other in a short leather skirt. Both of them were in tight little belly shirts.

Meg came out from the bathroom just in time to see the two girls on the TV start kissing and groping in each other. Pretty soon both had lost their tops and the leather skirt girl was licking her friend's tits.

"What the heck did you bring down here?!" Meg said as she turned bright red.

"Oh come on Meg. Don't be so innocent. We are just watching to have some fun." Kelly said. "Porn isn't fun. Oh my God! I can't believe this." Meg sighed.

"It is too fun. Isn't it Larry?" Kelly said.

"Uh, we..well." I said. I didn't want Meg to be pissed at me.

"C'mon its only an hour long, Meg. Just watch with us it will be funny." Kelly said.

"Do you want to Larry?" Meg asked me.

"Oh of course he does, Meg. He's a freaking man." Kelly shirked back.

"Oh we can watch it I guess, but then we need to watch something clean." Meg said.

Meanwhile the hot blonds on screen were now in an all out 69 although one still had her thong on. They were definitely overdoing it on the moaning.

"Man I'd love to be one of them." Kelly laughed.

"What? You'd do that with a girl?" Meg asked, still glowing bright red.

"Yeah, you've never done that with a girl, Meg?" Kelly answered.

"No. I couldn't do that." Meg said.

"Don't knock it until you've tried it." Kelly said.

The conversation and the movie had my dick pretty hot and heavy. Pretty soon I noticed I was tenting the fabric of Meg's pants. I hoped the girls didn't notice. I thought I'd be discrete and roll over on my belly so they wouldn't see.

"Damn Larry, you look like you're enjoying this stuff." Kelly barked as she pointed at my erection.

"You look frickin' huge too." She laughed. "Is it really that big, or is that some kind of illusion?"

"Uh, uh" I stammered. I looked at Meg and she looked totally overwhelmed as she stared at my groin area.

"Sorry." I muttered to her.

"For what?" Kelly begged. "I might have to take you upstairs and inspect that big thing. would you mind Meg?"

"Huh?" Meg said breaking her gaze.

"I shouldn't be doing this here I have a girlfriend. I'm sorry." I said.

"Its ok, we'll just watch the movie. It's cool." Kelly laughed.

"Yeah, the movie." Meg said.

Pretty soon the hour-long lesbo session was over and Kelly volunteered to put something else in. She winked at me as she threw in the gangbang DVD.

"What's this one?" Meg asked.

"You'll see." Kelly said.

Pretty soon the TV was filled with images of four men in a locker room in football uniforms undressing. Then a hot little blond stepped in and said something like "Fuck my brains out!" The guys on the DVD all had huge dicks and they were pretty rough on the chick.

"Damn, I'd like to be her too!" Kelly said. Kelly had had three beers and two hard lemonades at that point and she was pretty drunk.

"Oh my." Meg cried out.

"Would you like a big one like that Meg?" Kelly asked.

"I didn't know they got that big. I mean my brothers aren't that big." Meg said.

"Are your brothers' dicks the only ones you've ever seen?" Kelly asked.

"Uh yeah, I've never gone that far with a guy." Meg explained.

"Well we could see how big Larry's is?" Kelly laughed.

Just then, Kelly reached out and grabbed my member and stroked it a couple times thru the soft fabric.

"It's big girlfriend!" Kelly said to Meg.

Kelly stood up and walked over to Meg on the couch. She sat down next to her and rubbed Meg's breasts thru her shirt.

"I've wanted to have some fun with you for awhile Meg." Kelly said. 

"Oh my!" Meg said.

Kelly leaned in and kissed Meg on the lips then the neck. Meg tried to fight her off, but the way she was fighting it made me wonder how much she wasn't interested. Pretty soon, Kelly had her hand down Meg's sweatpants. 

"Your getting wet, honey!" Kelly said.

My hardon was raging at that point. Kelly pulled her hand out of Meg's pants and started unbuttoning her shirt. Kelly was now wearing only her black lacy bra and her sweats. She reached back down and pulled Megs pants to the floor. Then she pulled Meg's face down into her tits and said "Kiss my breasts, Meg."

After Kelly had unsnapped her bra and dropped her sweats to reveal her black size large thong she hit her knees and poked her nose between Meg's thighs. Meg looked down unsure of what to do then she looked up at me. I smiled at her and she smiled back. It was like I gave her approval to enjoy having her pussy eaten. I got up off the floor and walked over to the couch. 

Kelly looked up and said "Damn that cock is obscene in those pants." She reached up and pulled them down as I pealed off the sweatshirt. I was now naked with my two heavy classmates. Meg kept smiling at me as she gawked at my hard dick. Kelly didn't waste much time before going into a deep throat frenzy on my cock.

"Damn, how big is it?" Kelly asked me.

"Its about 9 inches." I said proudly.

"Man, I bet you can really please Sarah with it." Kelly said.

Just then my cell phone rang. I got up to get and recognized the number as Sarah's. I thought I better answer and tell her I was staying in town that night. I went into Meg's bedroom so Sarah wouldn't her Kelly or Meg in the background.

I told Sarah I was staying at Meg's and I was working on a science assignment with her since the roads weren't safe. Sarah and I made plans to spend the next afternoon together since neither of us had class. She told me to be safe and said good bye.

I went back into the living room and saw Kelly's black thong on the floor. Kelly had convinced Meg to go for the 69. Meg was on her back and Kelly was straddling her face while having her hand buried in Meg's pussy. Kelly's tits were swinging back and forth as she worked Meg's pussy over. Meg was letting out soft moans in between kissing Kelly's pussy. I noticed Kelly's pussy was totally shaven and my dick stood straight up. I could never convince Sarah to shave more than a landing strip down there.

"Hey there big boy!" Kelly said looking up from Meg's crotch. "Get over here and let me have some of that."

I walked over to Kelly. She remained on top of meg and alternated between eating pussy and sucking my dick. Then, Kelly got up off Meg saying her knees hurt so she needed to change positions. Meg sat up on the couch and looked at my dick.

"You look like you are feeling good, Meg." I said.

"Ooohh," Meg squealed. Her mouth and chin were covered with Kelly's pussy juice. 

"I've gotta have that big cock in me. I'll be right back." Kelly said as she got dressed. She went back up to her apartment.

I sat down next to Meg on the couch. She was smiling and looked like she was in a trace. She looked down at my dick. 

"Would you like to touch it?" I asked.

Meg shook her hand yes and I placed her big hand on my hard penis. Meg smiled do I put her other hand on me balls.

"Wow you have a big penis, Larry." Meg said lovingly.

Would you like me to eat your pussy like Kelly was?" I asked.

"I don't know if we should do that." Meg said.

"Oh please. I really like to eat pussy." I moaned as she fondled my cock.

"Ok, I want it bad. Kelly made me feel great." Meg smiled.

I laid Meg back on the couch and began eating her pussy. It was a lovely pussy. It was pretty hairy, but the hair was soft and blond like Meg's long, soft hair. I dug my tongue in deeper and deeper. Pretty soon Meg was moaning with pleasure and grinding her hips toward me.

I got up for just a second and swung my body around so I was in a 69 position. I hoped Meg would give me some head in return for the job I was doing on her virginal puss. Unfortunately she didn't, although she did give it a few tugs. It wasn't the worst handjob I ever got though. Meg began to moan wildly as she had her orgasm. I took a lot of pride in giving this fat chick an orgy maybe it was her first ever.

Just then, Kelly ran back thru the door with a handful of condoms. "Sorry guys I had a hard time finding these upstairs." 

"What are we going to do with those?" Meg asked.

"We're going to let Larry fuck us with his 9 inch cock!" Kelly cried back.

"I can't have sex until I get married." Meg blushed.

"Ok, that's your lose honey. I gotta have that cock. Its the biggest I've seen since the stripper at my sister's bachelorette party." Kelly said as she unwrapped a condom. 

I sat back up on the couch figuring Meg had climax. I hoped she let me fuck Kelly at her apartment. I didn't want to go upstairs. 

"Meg, go get us some more sodas." Kelly demanded.

"Uh, oh ok." Meg said as she got up and went to the kitchen.

Kelly hit her knees and started blowing me again. She was really good at giving head. A lot of girls just kiss or suck on my head since I'm so big, but Kelly was taking most of my cock in her mouth. I started to groan a little as I neared climax.

"Oh no, Larry. You aren't coming unless its inside me." Kelly said as she stopped blowing me and wrapped my cock in the condom.

Meg came back with the grape soda from Kelly. Kelly drank it down quickly and told Meg to sit on the couch next to me. Meg complied and sat down. She looked perplexed by the condom on my cock. 

Kelly grabbed my hands and pulled me off the couch. She got on her knees and began giving oral to Meg again. After a couple minutes, she turned to me and said "Well, what the hell are you doing? Are you going to take me from behind or not?"

"Hell yes!" I exclaimed.

Kelly went back to licking Meg's crotch, but put her hand between her thighs and opened her pink hole for me. I started slide my cock in her shaved pussy and she let out a whimper. I was worried I was too big for her. It took 3 or 4 tries before Sarah could take me, but Kelly let me work it into her. I started to slide it in and out. Pretty soon, Kelly started using the same rythim on Meg's pussy.

I completely forgot Meg. I looked up at her. She was mezmerized watching me pork her best friend from behind while Kelly munched on her puss. I smiled at her and she returned the smile. I came inside Kelly while I was looking in Meg's eyes. I thrust my hips into her and moaned out loud before pulling out.

Kelly looked up from Meg's pussy and said "I loved feeling you come in my pussy." I laid on the floor to cool off while Kelly gave Meg another orgasm.

After Kelly finished Meg off again she helped me off the floor and sat me down on the couch. She pulled the condom off my dick and said "Damn you cum as much as three guys!" Kelly laughed as she played with the cum filled condom. 

I leaned over and gave Meg a long kiss. Kelly went into the kitchen to get some water while I made out with Meg. After kissing her and fondling her breast, I had another nice erection. 

"Meg, why don't you take care of your man there?" Kelly said as she grabbed Meg's hand and wrapped it around my cock.

Meg stroked my cock until I was completely hard, then Kelly took Meg's hand and pulled her down on the floor. Kelly took too sucks on my cock, then pointed it at Meg. Meg reluctantly took the cock into her mouth.

"That's it, Meg. Slowly take a little more. Good. Now slide it back and forth honey." Kelly coached. The two of them took turns sucking my cock until I was close to cumming again.

When it became obvious I was about to explode, Kelly said "Alright Meg, let him bang you. You won't regret it."

"No, please no. I want to stay a virgin." Meg begged.

"I understand Meg." I moaned. 

"Fine, at least let him cum on your big tits!" Kelly yelled.

That was all the encouragement I needed. Before she had time to object I launched the first spurt all over Meg's tits.

"Give me some of that." Kelly said as she pulled my cock towards her. The rest of my load landed on Kelly's perk tits.

"Damn you girls know how to throw a party." I said as I calmed down.

"I've been trying to teach her forever." Kelly laughed.

We noticed it was already 10:30 and decided maybe we should head to bed. Of course we stayed naked. Luckily, Meg has a queen size bed so we all went to bed together. We fooled around a little more before falling asleep. 

In the morning, Kelly left early to go visit her grandmother, but I made out with Meg in her bed for awhile before we got in the shower together. While we were in the shower, Meg practiced the cock sucking techniques Kelly taught her. When we got out, I took Meg back to the couch and ate her pussy for about twenty minutes when she had a mini-orgasm. Meg sat up and grabbed a condom Kelly left on the floor. 

"Kelly said most men are half your size and I should fuck you while I have the chance because I might never get another this big. Please let me have it." Meg said as she handed me the condom.

I took the condom out of its package and put it on my cock. "Lay down." I said, and we went at it until we both came in the missionary position.

"Wow, that was really great! Kelly knows what she's talking about." Meg said.

I felt guilty for fucking my friend who wanted to remain a virgin, but she told me not to worry about it and that she'd glad let me do it again anytime I wanted. Needless to say I spent a lot more time in town with Meg and Kelly.