 It was a dark and stormy afternoon in the old city of Atlanta. Many of the local bars were starting to fill up with the usual after hours power drinkers. The smell of dust and rain mixed in the air. 

"Damn, it looks like it's going to rain again" said Allison with a grin on her face that could only be described as pure blissful sarcasm. "I love it when it rains" said Erika " it always makes me so horny". 

The 2nd pitcher of margaritas arrived, strawberry with crushed ice, and the ladies poured a fresh glass. Their waiter, Lance, a young, hard-bodied college student had caught Erika's attention as he served the pitcher, and she purposely made it a point to lean on the table and show a little extra cleavage to the young stud. 

"Would you ladies like to put that one on your tab?" asked Lance in a nervous voice as he surrendered to the sweet smell of perfume. "Yes please, and can we see a menu? I am really horny.....I mean hungry" said Allison. The look in her eyes was a cross between youthful embarrassment and drunken enjoyment. "I think I have just the thing for you" replied Lance, as he turned and headed for the kitchen. A moment later a warm plate of BBQ buffalo wings appeared, compliments of the house of course. Lance wanted to see how well the ladies used their fingers, lips, and tongues on such a tasty dish. The two women dove hungrily at the wings, and proceeded to eat with reckless abandon as Lance watched from the corner in amazement. "These women are amazing" he muttered to himself as they polished off the wings, making sure to glance at Lance in seductive ways. 

A stir in his shorts caused him to move to the kitchen, knowing that many times before a beautiful woman had caused him to have to excuse himself to the bathroom to relieve his lust. This time though, he stayed in the kitchen, and returned to his regular duties. Another pitcher later the rain began to fall, as it falls in Atlanta in gallons by the second. The margaritas and the rain made the women insatiably horny, and they devised a scheme to have a little fun with their waiter. Erika made her way to the manager's office, and explained that her car was dead and that she and Allison needed a ride to Allison's place to get her car. It was only a short drive, and if they could borrow Lance for 15 minutes they would pay double the price of the bill. The manager refused the payment, but quickly volunteered Lance's services. "Lance, these ladies need a ride back to their place. They've had a couple too many to drink, and their car is dead, so give them a lift. Be back as quick as you can. We can cover for you for a little while" said Rick the manager all the while knowing sex was brewing in their minds. 

Lance's car was not much of a ride, but for a college student is was clean and reliable. He now regretted those fights with his dad over the sedan, and blessed himself for having a back seat. Lance opened the door, but the women opted for the back. Lance closed the door, walked around to the driver's side, and just about had an out-of-body experience when he opened his door and found the two women making out on the back seat. "Sorry, we get a little carried away after we've been drinking" said Allison as she smiled at Lance. "No problem" he replied as he faced forward and put the key in the ignition. He adjusted the mirror so he could see the show as he pulled from the driveway and headed east. "Where are we going" he asked. "5555 Mulberry Terrace" came a throaty response. He looked in the rearview mirror again and saw Allison with her shirt off and Erika fast sucking away at her small, but firm tits. They were hand-sized, with perky nipples. Lance could see Erika biting the nipples and leaning back ever so slightly. "Oh, yes, suck my nipples. I love it when you do that." Lance knew that if he took a short cut he might get them home before they were finished and get a chance to follow them inside. He stepped on the gas a little harder as Erika wiggled out of her dress. She wasn't wearing any panties or bra, and her perfectly round tits seemed to stand all by themselves. "Damn" came a comment from the front seat as a moan came from the back. Allison leaned forward and kissed Erika on the neck and nibbled on her earlobe. "uh, oh, that makes my pussy so wet when you do that to me" said Erika. 

Only another couple of blocks. Lance's pants were throbbing with the erection of a lifetime. He wanted to whip it out and stroke it, but he didn't want to cum yet. "Oh man, oh man, OH MAN" as Erika gingerly stroked Allison's wet pussy lips. The two women were hot, wet, and ready for anything. "OK, we are here" exclaimed Lance. "Park over there under the awning and follow us upstairs. We want some cock, and we want it now" said Allison in a lustful voice that almost made Lance lose it. 

Apartment 7, top floor, tastefully decorated, and dimly lit. It looked like every man's fantasy of a seduction pad, only this was inhabited by women. Erika, a 5'9" brunette closed the door behind them as they entered. Allison, a 5'2" sandy blonde headed for the fridge and grabbed a couple of beers. "Follow me" she instructed Lance as they headed for the bedroom. The women could hardly stand it anymore, and quickly got lost in the heat of the moment. Clothes flew everywhere, and Lance was seemingly ignored as they fell on the bed wrapped in each other's arms and deep, deep tongue kisses. "Get over here, if you want some" cried Erika as she motioned to Lance to join them. His cock was straining for relief, and was hard as a rock. At 8" it was longer than usual, and about average length. Pre-cum oozed from the tip, and Lance was not sure how long he would last. The women now tangled on the bed in a mass of arms, legs, tits, and pussies, unwrapped just long enough to reach for Lance. The soft warmth of Erika's touch drove a spike of pleasure through Lance as he gasped for air. The two women sat up and took turns stroking and admiring the cock before them. Their breaths were fast and hard, and they seemed entranced by the cock before them. Allison was the first to take it in her mouth, and she could only get about half of it in. She pulled back and left the cock all warm and slippery with her juice. Lance rolled his eyes and knew he would not last long as a guttural moan escaped his lips. Erika moved in, and took the entire erection, all the way down to his balls. She was an expert, and even hummed while his cock was deep in her throat. That was it, the humming put him over the edge. He could feel it welling up like no other orgasm before. "Oh, oh, oh, OH, OH, AAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHH SHIIIIIIIIIIIIT" he cried out as he came for what seemed like an eternity. His eyes clenched shut, he could see colors, and knew he was on the verge of a blackout. Erika was a pro, and the cock never left her mouth as she swallowed every last drop of his creamy blast. When he opened his eyes he say Allison underneath Erika tonguing away at her slit. "Mmmmm, oooooh, ohhhhh," she moaned as she finished Lance's dick. "Fuck me now from behind" said Erika as she positioned herself in a 69 over Allison. His eyes soaked in the sight as the woman lowered herself onto Allison's pussy and slowly worked her tongue up and down. Lance was still soft, so he moved in behind Erika. 

As if on cue, Allison moved her mouth forward and took Lance's cock into her mouth. Within moments it was hard again, and ready for more. The blowjobs were great, and his member beat a great rhythm that made the tip the hottest shade of red. Allison now put a finger to her mouth, wet it, and lubed up Erika. Her eyes opened wide as she thrust her hips into the air and ground her pussy on her lover's face. "Oh fuck, I am cummmmmming." 

She panted as she reached for Lance's cock and guided it into Erika's hot pussy. First she teased the pussy lips which drew moans and coos from Erika. "Ahhhhhhhhhh, yeaaaaahhhh" was the reaction as his thick tool split Erika wide in two. A slow rhythm ensued as the trio searched for the ménage-a-trois groove that many men dream about. Within seconds the women were cumming again, and the action was getting louder. Lance pounded away at Erika's pussy, as he watched Erika lean forward and grab a vibrator from under the pillows. "She loves this, and boy what a show does she put on" said Erika as she moved in rhythm to her lover's pussy licks and the waiter's drilling. 

"Uh, uh, uh, uh. Go slow, but go deep. I wanna really enjoy this one" said Erika as Lance slowed his pace. To tease her, Allison pulled Lance's cock from Erika's pussy and sucked it. The juice was sweet and thick, and tasted so good. She quickly inserted the cock back into her girlfriend as the vibrator made contact with her pussy. "Oh, shit. That feels incredible. Hit my spot, pleeeeeease." 

The pace picked up, as Lance was surprised at how long he was lasting with his cock buried in the woman's pussy. He pounded hard, hard, hard, deep, deep, deep and tried to split her open with each thrust. Grunts of pleasure from in front mixed with squeals of delight from underneath. "Oh, oh, I'm gonna cummmmmmmmm" screamed Allison as Erika moved aside. Lance could now see Allison's pussy as it shot a stream of wet pussy juice into the air. Allison let her hand go to her own pussy, and spanked it as she came again, this time just dribbling juice on the bed. 

Overwhelmed by this scene, Lance felt the suddenness of an orgasm as he shot his load deep into Erika. She sighed heavily with delight and satisfaction as the goo sent chills up and down her spine and the throbbing cock sent her too over the edge. 

Spent and out of breath, the three collapsed in a heap. 45 minutes had passed, the rain had stopped, and Lance wondered if he still had a job. No worries, since jobs are easy to find in a college town. He washed up and headed for the door, grabbing a cold one as he went. At the bar he was the toast of the day, as he regaled others in his sexual conquests. He kept his job, and the manager would let him go home early whenever Erika and Allison came in for drinks. Damn, what a great job.