 Feel free to send me an email telling me what you liked and disliked. I even enjoy getting emails from people helping me with my grammar and technical issues!

This story is a fantasy I enjoyed while stuck on a delta flight.

All rights reserved. No part may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any electronic means, including photocopying, recording or by any information and retrieval system, without the written permission of the author. 





Start:

Another Monday, and another flight; where did my weekend go? Most days I hate my job, but if I can hold one for one more year. Well that is what I tell myself, but then again I do have some insider information. Our company is up for sale and the big wig guys had just completed due-diligence. That means, Jenny gets a fat paycheck!

So there I was at the airport, made my way past the ticket counter with my e-ticket in hand. I travel light and smart with my travel suitcase to store on the plane. Finally past security and now I would have some time to catch up on my emails. Which leads me to my question, is a blackberry a good thing or bad? I mean, being in contact with everyone on twenty-four hours, seven day a week basis, how can this be good?

Over the loud speaker I heard my flight number being called. Quickly I gathered my things and made my way to yet another line. Everyone from this airline was smiling and I did my best to fake a friendly smile. Slowly we made our way down to the plane and then to our seats. At least this crew has some hotties working, wonder if they ever hook up after hours?

As I sat, my skirt raised high on my thigh, which I didn't mind having it rest a little high, and the slit showed even more! When I turned my ipod on I realized how much leg I was showing, but didn't care. Some days, I just like to dress for me. I'm not looking for someone as I'm happily married, but I'm not dead either. It does my ego good, when I see men and women looking at me, and it gets my heart jumping when I catch a woman smiling at me!  

I do try to dress to impress. By no means are we wealthy and luckily for me we have two great outlet malls. Personally, I think Jones of New York has a body cast of me and they use it to create suits. I love everything about the suites, the cut and how the skirts fit me. The skirts are short, but long enough to stay semi conservative. Today is a black day for me, black suit, black hose, black pumps, but I was wearing a semi sheer white cami. 

Sitting in my seat, I started to drift into my own little world listening to my music relaxing to the beat of my favorite music while I waited for the plane to be boarded. Then someone rudely bumped into my seat and pulled me back into reality. When my eyes opened all I could see was this beautiful being. Hum, great smile and could tell that this person was in shape.

The stranger looked at me, "I'm sorry did I wake you?"

I didn't want to say anything rude and could tell that they were sincere, "Oh no, I only had my eyes closed. You know, nothing like hurrying to catch a flight and having to wait in endless lines."

"I'm normally not such a klutz but this guy bumped into me which caused me to lose my balance."

I just chucked as she rolled her eyes, "I'm Jennifer, but you can call me Jen."

"Nice to meet you Jen, I'm Alexis. Don't you hate traveling for work?"

Alexis was dressed to impress, and I'm sure the guys go nuts over her. Luckily for us our row only had two seats. As the flight attendant passed Alexis asked for a blanket, "I always get so cold on a plane." Alex was dressed in a tailored suite that made a statement, "I'm 100% woman!" 

We talked for twenty minutes waiting for everyone to board the plane. Within a few minutes we were chatting like old friends. She was easy to talk to and get to know. Funny, how you think the world is a big place but we knew several people. Talk about six degrees. 

Alexis talked about how she just graduated college last year with her masters in business. Since she was sitting down its hard to tell how tall she was, but she has long brown hair and swear she could pass for Leah Remini but with out the attitude. Every now and then I would take a quick glace to check her out. Alexis could be a thirty-six D. All I could think about was how excited my husband would be when I told him about Alexis. 

Then I came up with an idea, I asked her if I could take a picture and she agreed! She asked me who that was for, told her my husband, and sent a quick text message with the picture attached to him.

She gasped and had this little devilish look in her eyes, "Wouldn't this be better?" She leaned forward, and cupped her breasts. Talk about cleavage!  Oh I loved the view and took another picture.

With that said, I knew we would be great friends! She's like my younger sister in some ways. "I'm sure you made his day," and gave her a quick hug. She told her about her life, and family. Then she started to ask me about my life, living in Florida and what a hurricane was like. I gave her my life story as we sat even closer. My eyes were drawn to her legs and her calf's. This girl was tone! I had this feeling she was bi, but wasn't sure yet.

Alexis started to tell me about the company she works for. She never knew that men could be as sleezy as they are. Her CEO hits on everything and is trying to get some of the women to visit his beach house. Guess he works in the city but likes to spend the weekend out on Cape Code or some place up there. She didn't know the exact place as she hides from him. Alexis knew that he was married but over the years they have more or less separate with a "don't ask don't tell policy." 

We both agreed that we could never be a trophy wife. Its one thing to have nice things, but we only want to share our bed with men we love. Some how we lost track of time as the captain came on and told us we were just passing George.  

Alexis reached out and touched my hand, "You know, I hate to fly and normally I'm very nervous, but having you here has made my day." Our fingers interlaced.

I smiled, "Why thank you. So Alexis, where are you living now?"

"Well, I just purchased my first condo."

"No way, you go girl! Congratulations." She smiled but it was that smile where you try to cover something up. I wanted to know more and squeezed her fingers, "So, what's wrong?"

"Oh its nothing."

"Come on girl, I know that we just met but you can tell me."

"Well, it's just that no one has come down to see it. My college girlfriends are all off in different directions and my family doesn't like Florida."

"That's so sad. Let me give you a celebration party for your new condo! When are you coming back?"

She smiled, "Friday."

"Great, I'll take care of everything. After all what is having your first home with out having a housewarming party."

"Thanks Jen." She kissed me.

Her lips were soft, and oh how I wanted to taste her. If anyone was watching the kiss looked innocent enough. We chatted and became close. Then the captain came back and told us to get ready to land. We exchanged our numbers and made a date for Friday with a small party on Saturday. 

And all too soon, our flight was over and we both were off to the rat race. 

The next week I was slammed at work, and thought about my friend. Every time I tried to call her something came up. Life was kind of crazy.

A couple of days latter I was sitting at my desk in a funk. My cell phone rang which brought me out of my trance. I was having a crappy day and everyone at work wanted something from me. Worse was that I had to wait on the developers to fix some code before I could test it. Looked down at my phone I didn't recognize the phone number, "Hello?"

"Jen its Alexis! How are you?"

"Oh my god girl! I'm glad that you called as I've been thinking about you.

"Oh really? And what have you been thinking? Hope its something hot and sexy?"

How do I answer that? My heart was racing with her words, "Where are you?"

"I'm on my way back."

I had to ask, wanted to ask, wanted to call her but chickened out. I blurted, "Great, hey so why don't you come over for dinner on Friday? I was not sure about your schedule so we can talk about your housewarming party."

"Really?" I could hear the excitement in her voice. "I would love to come over for dinner."

"Great, I have a great new bottle of wine that I'm dying to try. You can fill me in on everything while I cook."

We talked for a couple more minutes and gave her directions to our house. She sounded excited and said she's glad we met as she has no girlfriends. I was excited to have her come over, and would love to be friends with her. I knew my husband mike would be in lust, I mean he would love her too.

The rest of the week flew by, I shopped for everything we would need and had everything ready. The house was spotless and the food was ready. I decanted a nice bottle of wine, and lit some candles. Right on time, the door bell rang. On my way to the door, Mike turned on some soft sexy music. 

Mike followed me over to front door; I warmly greeted Alexis with a hug and then introduced her to my husband. She was dressed, well words can't describe how hot she looked. Playfully I slapped Mike, tried to get his tongue back in his mouth. Alexis was wearing this sultry black halter dress that tied in the front with a swooping v-neck that highlighted her luscious cleavage. 

Yeah, my heart was racing after our hug, "You look amazing."

"What this old thing?" She spun around, "I never get to dress up and took a chance that the two of you would like my dress." She hands a thin bag to Mike, "I got this for you." 

Mike cleared his throat, "Oh yeah, I love it. You look beautiful. This is a great bottle of dessert wine."

We walk into the kitchen, and offer her a seat. "You have to try this wine; we just found it and love it." Mike grabbed the decanter and poured three glasses. 

As Alexis sits she perks up, "Everything smells great! I wasn't hungry till I walked inot your home."

I reached out and held her hand, "The key to being great chef is making sure everyone is starving and a bottle or two of wine!" We all laugh.

"Thank you for having me over, love your house. I hope you didn't go through too much trouble."

Trouble, girl you look so amazing that it's ashamed were not at a five start restaurant. "Non sense this is no trouble at all, I'm glad you could make it. Cheers!" We clink our glasses.

Mike was admiring our guest and kept trying to peek down her top. I knew that he was hoping her breasts would some how become exposed. From the devilish look on his face, Mike knew she was not wearing a bra, not that it matted with his skilled hands.

We moved into the kitchen and within minutes we were chatting like old friends. There was a connection between us, and we all felt it. Conversation flowed like fine wine and so did the wine for that matter. The mood was sexy but light as we were enjoying the moment and thinking about where the night would go. 

Once dinner was finished, we moved into the family room. Alexis sat across from me, and Mike was at the head of the table. The pasta and sauce was perfect and basked in the complements. Guess I learned one thing from my Italian step mother. We ate and drunk and what seemed like ten minutes was actually two hours.

Alexis helped me clear the table while Mike found a nice bottle of port. We kept on bumping into each other in the kitchen, the air was becoming charged. She openly flirted as did I. I could tell she wanted to share more of than dinner with us.

"Hope you like dessert?"

"Girl, I can't. I'm stuffed. How that cake looks beautiful and delicious."

"Thanks! Not has much as you though, I'm so happy you came over. And girl, with that dress you could be desert."

"Really?" Alexis flushed and looked very nervous, in a shy voice, "then maybe I should be desert?"

"I dare you!"

"Please, don't cuz I will!"

Time to call Alexis's sexy bluff and if she wanted to be dessert I wanted some! I moved some things off the counter and grabbed the whip cream. "I won't dare you big chicken. Double dog dare you that you won't become dessert!" 

She pulled open her dress, exposing her firm breasts. She looked at me and then shook her head. "Don't want to get this dirty." With that she untied her dress and tossed it to Mike. Alexis was wearing a black sheer thong and looked like she was clean shaved. She went to great troubles getting ready for tonight, and we were not going to disappoint her.

Alexis moved up onto the counter and waited for me. "I can't believe I'm doing this."

In his sexy smooth voice, "Girl, with that body why bother wearing clothes!"

Mike eyes were glued to her, I shouted at him, "Dessert is not ready yet, would you like some? But first bring out the fruit and whip cream."

Looking rather disappointed he left the kitchen. He will have his dessert soon enough so I wasn't worried about his feelings. I walked around over to her while taking the top off the whip cream. She smiled and waited for me to dress her. My fingers went to her side, and I pulled off her thong. "Girl, you don't want to get your panties full of cream." I didn't think as the words came out of my mouth. 

She laughed and lifted herself up as her panties slipped off. She crossed her legs, but I could see that she was cleanly shaved. Her perfume was soft and sexy. Mike returned with the things I requested.

"Mike, I think we need some port wine, can you bring us some?" Now he was really upset, but enjoyed seeing Alexis.

Alexis is the perfect friend, trust worthy and that trust will go a long way. I can tell that she likes to go with the flow. Using my fingers that were just dipped in the whip cream, I started to cover her tone body with the whip cream. She closed her eyes and enjoyed the cool sensations. "That feels kind of nice."

"You look rather nice!" I started at her stomach and worked up to her breasts. Knew the sensation from my fingers and cold cream would tease, and arouse her. I covered her nipples as she started to squirm on the counter. 

The palms of her hands were firm on the tile counter, "You're driving me nuts, you do know that don't you?"

"That is my goal."

"Think Mike will like me dressed up like this?"

"Please, I get he's counting the seconds in the other room. He will walk in with a woodie."

"You think?"

"Please, he's been hard the moment you walked in our home. We both find you very attractive."

She smiled, "Really?"

"Oh yeah, look at you. You're a beautiful woman, smart, have your shit together, and an amazing body."

"A hot sticky body."

I applied some more cream to her breasts, "Yeah, but don't worry we will clean that up."

"Oh please do!"

I can't wait to eat your cherry." With that comment, I placed a cherry on each of her nipples and made kind of a little smiley face on her pussy. "There, my work here is finished."

"Are you okay with this?"

"Please, I can't wait to eat you!" Now, Alexis face was beat red. Her breathing had changed in the last ten minutes. Even though my comments were very male like, they were to the point. Dance time was over, now its time for dessert.

"Honey, dessert is ready."

Mike walked back into the kitchen, and boy was he beaming. We were all attracted to each other and dinner was just foreplay. Each of us wanted to be touched, and to touch the other. To give pleasure and be pleased, till it was over, till our bodies gave and there was nothing more to give.

I kissed my husband, "Dig in baby, she's very sweet."

He moves over to the counter and leaned down to Alexis. His tall body hovered over here. I blew a kiss to Alexis as she uncrossed her legs and arched her back. She knew this was just the beginning. Mike started at her belly button, started to lick around and eat the cream. I moved closer to her and placed my hand on her thigh. She responded by opening her legs a little. I could see she was aroused, her clit was wet and starting become exposed. 

Mike was in his own world, and didn't even notice me unbutton and unzip his shorts. Slowly I worked his shirt and he helped by wiggled out of it. Now, he was only wearing his boxers. Alexis look at me and I just smiled as I push his boxers down. She didn't look at him, just me. Now, Mike was started to lick her left breasts. He worked the cream off her breasts and nipple. He teased her causing her to moan and arch her back. I reached out for her hand, and placed is on Mike's hard cock. I wanted her to know this was all good, and that we were here for each other. Alexis looked up at me, and then closed her eyes as she gave him a nice squeeze. There is something, comforting and arousing when you're holding a man, the feeling of his cock in your hand is such and ego boost. To know that this man wants you, and will do anything to have you, does a girl's ego good. Mike wanted to do her, and I was fine with watching, holding, and kissing her. 

The cream was running between Alexis's legs and down the counter. I moved up and kissed her, started to lick the whip cream from her pussy. Alexis's free hand touched my head, and she started to run her fingers in my hair. I could see her stocking my husband, that was till Mike leaned back down and started to lick the cream from her other breasts. 

I told you that I was going to have your cherry." Then I dove in, licked her wet lips. She tasted sweet and sexy. Her lips were wet, from the cream and her arousal. 

In a sexy soft but deep voice she moaned, "Oh god that feels sooo god. Don't, don't stop!"

Slowly I licked, some of the cream and then her. I didn't want to her push her over the edge, just yet. Alexis wanted more, her legs came up so that I would have more access to her. Her legs were opened as far as she could, while not falling off the counter. I knew what she wanted, but that would have to wait.

I started to get up and looked at her, "Come on baby, let's go and clean up."

"No, you have to finish me."

"Not yet, Mike carried Alexis into our shower. I'll turn the water on and grab some towels." 

I love watching Mike when he's in an aroused state, the way his legs flexed, and watching his cock move as he walked. I followed him, and turned the water on allowing the shower to warm up and then, grabbed some fluffy large towels to wrap ourselves in later. Oh how I wanted to walk in front of him and let him take me doggie style. No time for that, keep it together girl. I turned the water on, lit some more candles and grabbed some towels. 

Mike walked with Alexis into our roman shower and slowly started to let her down. I moved up next to her, my hands cupped her pretty face and kissed her while Mike stood behind her. She was a little weak in the knees but quickly became engrossed in our kiss. I knew she could feel him against her back and would have easily taken all of him. I reached down to feel her, warm water tricked down our bodies. 

Mike was not in her, yet. His hands were on her, me, her, just hands everywhere touching everyone. Not only his hands but mine were everywhere, her mouth on mine, mine on Mikes, tongues, touching, feeling, kissing, oh this was heaven. Moaning, kissing sounds fill the shower, echoed off the tile. 

She reached for my hand and guided it to her, "Feel what you're doing to me? I'm on fire."

I felt how wet she was and it wasn't from the shower. "That's good," and this time I kissed her hard. My tongue darted in her mouth, deep. She just accepted me, wrapped her arms around me pulling me deeper into her. Mike held us, supported us till we were ready to leave. 

I broke the kiss, and she looked confused. Mikes hands were on her hips as I winked at him. He bent his knees to property position himself to slip his cock between her legs. I reached down and felt his hard cock, and helped guide him to her wetness. 
