 Millie knew Carlos was a gentleman the first time they met and she caught the scent of his cologne. A well manicured, well mannered man, Carlos hid behind dark shades, his cheeks browned like hearth bread, and dimpled too. His suit was especially tailored, he said, by his mother - a wonderful seamstress and a sensible woman whom he loved more than anyone. He ran a catering business out of his hometown in Juarez.

He listened to Julie London and Frank Sinatra, and he took Millie ballroom dancing after dinner and some wine; that's how she knew. She couldn't say what she wanted - it seemed he'd already given her everything, and none of the grief that the other men in her life had left her with. It was nice to forget about all of them, she thought, even if for a night.

Waiting on the lower balcony that evening, she recognized the lights of his Mercedes plowing through the gloom. She smiled and stood, playing with a ringlet of her hair.

"Millie?" her mother called. "When should I expect you back?"

"Later in the evening, Mama," she answered, "or tomorrow morning, possibly."

Carlos stole her breath when he got out of the car, passing through the gated fence and stopping in the courtyard, his hands in his pockets and his eyes smiling behind his glasses. Millie ran to meet him, pleasure sweeping her off her feet and into his arms. The scent of him was heady as he was handsome.

"Mi amor," he whispered, "He estado muerto en las horas que no te he visto."

"Y yo tambien. I've missed you."

"I'm sorry, Millie. I had business to attend."

She acknowledged the familiar words with a nod.

"I have a mind to take you out dancing again," he smiled. "Would you like that?"

"I would." she hesitated, "I've been thinking, though. I want to see where it is you work."

His brows raised in surprise, "This is your wish?"

"Claro."

At length he said nothing, but his hands around her softened, as a sculptor's on clay. He surprised her, coaxed her, and her mouth found his, as though she'd always intended to. When he kissed her she felt as though he were sharing something poignant, like a secret he'd kept from his childhood.

"Basta, Millie!" her mother yelled across the courtyard.

Carlos sucked on her lower lip, drawing it out as he pulled back, then nipping it lightly in parting, "Lo siento, Senora."

"Chao, Mama!"

Carlos led her to the passenger's seat, holding the door open and closing it for her, too. He went around the front and got behind the wheel, turning the key in the ignition with a wry look at her.

"You say you would like to visit my place of work?"

She felt herself blushing, "Yes."

"Would it please you to meet a client of mine?" Carlos winked, "I assure you she is a lovely woman, a beautiful woman, and a client in whom I delight very much."

"Como se llama?"

"Analia," he breathed. "Analia Torres."

Plumes of dirt chased the Mercedes down a winding country road, the smells of manure and apple orchards mingling strangely in the light evening air. Millie stuck her head out the window, unbothered. She glanced at Carlos, a smile flitting over her face. "How long have you known Senora Torres?"

He pursed his lips, "For a time. She is a friend of my mother's."

Millie nodded, thinking. "Is she married?"

"Widowed," he replied heavily, "also for a time. I never met her husband, but I am told that he left her with his entire earthly fortune." He went on, "Last year Analia came to my mother to commission several gowns which might suit her fine taste."

"And that's how you met her?"

"Si."

"She must've found you quite charming."

A low chuckle, "Claro. Were it otherwise, I would not be here. Analia is a woman of hubris."

"You said she was delightful."

"Ah, but she is," he enthused. "Her mind is swimming with creativity and passion - and none of it may have come to fruit were it not for my services."

"I'm not sure what you mean."

He sighed, "Analia is a brilliant woman who lacks resources. I am a man of resources."

"Resources?"

He winked, "You'll see."

The rows of lighted windows loomed larger and larger. The car slowed. Millie sensed the seclusion of the place as Carlos parked, opening the door for her so that she might step out onto the shelled drive. The sounds of waves lapping filled her to the brim. Carlos stole up behind her as she stared out over the moonlit water, his hands cupping her breasts. She hummed her acquiescence, his touch flooding her as he whispered sweetly in her ear.

"I would make love to you here, mi amor." She shivered. "Out on the sand next to the water. Not a soul but us for miles."

"And Analia Torres," she added. "This is her home."

"One of them."

A warmth creeping between her thighs, Millie lifted her arms, cradling him behind her as he slipped a hand under her dress. She'd felt his touch there before, but never had it brought her to such a place, as though her very life depended on his hand between her legs.

"Dios mio," she half cried, half moaned as he slid a solid finger into her, his thumb stroking her rhythmically, as though they were dancing. But this was so much more than a dance, she thought, as he wrapped one hand around her waist, pleasuring her with his other. She felt the ocean in his touch. She held onto his arm like a brace, riding his fingers with building passion.

"Millie," he moaned.

"Ah," she moved her her hips up, down, then up again, as though to some music only the two of them could hear: the music of the waves, of the air, of the night. His hand moved with her; she felt his erection pressing into her from behind, and it only thrilled her more to think of what would happen after she came for him. "Carlos."

It was an agonizingly slow ride to the top, but once she reached it she quickly fell apart, soaking his fingers in her come.

"Don't stop," she begged, riding him until she came again.

He cradled her as she lay limp in his arms, cooing in her ear, his erection still pressing, a reminder. She pressed back.

"Vamonos, Millie," he husked, ushering her up the drive toward the distant windows.

Once inside, the pair of them hurried down a dimly lighted hall. Carlos seemed to know his way, and Millie followed, anxious to find some place where they could be alone. Climbing a small stairway, they slipped through a door that had been left ajar, Millie tearing her clothes off as soon as they were inside.

"Eager?" Carlos smirked.

Millie's body glistened in the moonlight filtering through the window slats. Flushed with desire, Millie tilted a finger at him, asking that he come closer. "Ven, Carlos."

He obeyed, loosening his belt and letting his slacks fall to the floor before stalking closer, his erection saluting her. She unbuttoned his shirt, running her hands down his torso.

"Ah," he gave an anguished cry when he wrapped her hands around him. He was thick, heavy, and warm.

Wrapping one leg behind him, she let his head slip inside her, stroking him with one hand and hugging him with the other. He thrust his hips toward her, drawing breath after shallow breath as he slid through her hand. She pulled back only moments before he came.

"Millie." He trembled, holding her, uttering low moans when she pressed her lips to his throat. His fingers caught her chin, gazing desirously into faraway eyes.

He didn't say a word as he brought her back to Earth, directing her attention to somebody standing by the window slats. She must've been there all along, her nipples peaked, her lips crimson, her dark skin doused in creamy moonlight. Sauntering across the room, she ran a clawed hand down Millie's spine. She shivered.

"Millie," Carlos said, "this is Analia Torres."

Analia cupped Millie's breasts, rolling the nipples between her fingers. Carlos' erection returned as he watched Analia fondle her.

"Let's take this to the bed."

Millie became a virgin again as Analia tilted a vibrator between her legs.

"Mmm...ah!" Millie moaned, shaking with pleasure as Analia fucked her. It was only a toy, she knew, but she couldn't tell herself that as Analia thrust it in and out of her.

"I love to watch you orgasm," Analia purred as Millie came, arcing her back and crying her name.

Carlos knelt on the bed beside them, stroking his hardened shaft as Analia removed the toy, helping Millie to her knees. Millie surprised her with a kiss, her lips covering hers like an old lover's.

Carlos positioned himself behind Analia as she and Millie touched each other, Analia caressing her stomach as Millie ran her hands over her breasts. Analia gasped into her mouth when Carlos penetrated her from behind.

"Ah...Carlos...ah!"

Carlos rode her desperately, Millie sliding her fingers between Analia's open legs. Analia did the same for Millie, fingering her to the rhythm of Carlos' thrusts. Millie was the first to come, then Carlos, and finally Analia. She held onto Millie as the orgasm racked her, Millie placing wet kisses all over her breasts.

Carlos removed himself, letting the women work their magic on each other, one on top of the other. Analia threw her head back, sucking in a sharp breath as Millie swirled her tongue around a nipple, then blew lightly, massaging the other breast as she sucked.

"Ah," Carlos knelt behind her now, one hand on his member and the others moving in and out of Millie's cunt. Her clit was still distended from Analia's fingering. "Madre de Dios."

"Come for me, Millie," Analia said, watching her bounce up and down on top of her.

"I will," Millie gasped, disengaging suddenly. Before Carlos could express his surprise, however, Millie took Carlos' member in her mouth. She only suck on the tip at first, then took him deeper, her hands twisting around him, her splayed legs open wide to Analia's eager mouth.

"Fuck me, Analia," Millie said, but she only dared pause for a moment. "I want to feel your tongue inside me."

The threesome moaned through Carlos' mouth as they pleasured one another. Millie's head bobbed up and down as she sucked, Analia's fingers playing with her clit as she thrust her tongue inside of her. Carlos let out a husky groan as he came into Millie's mouth, Analia helping Millie to reach her fifth and final orgasm.

Early that morning Analia and Millie lounged in the jacuzzi, each sipping her favorite brand of wine and staring into the other's eyes. Carlos had fallen asleep back in the bedroom, but both women had decided it would be impossible to do anything but relax in one another's company after the night they'd had.

"Cuantos anos tienes?" Analia asked.

"I'm nineteen."

"Ah, you're just a baby. No wonder you look so fresh."

Millie examined Analia's features, searching for hints of age, but Analia was a closed book. Her hair was black as coal, her eyes just as dark, and though she seemed more mature than Millie considered herself, Analia could easily have passed for twenty five or younger. She took a sip of wine.

"I've never had sex with a woman before," Millie admitted.

"Did you like it?"

Millie closed her eyes. Analia giggled.

"Do you have to think about it?"

"I like it when you touch me," she said quietly, "and when you kiss me. It's different being kissed by a woman."

"Estoy alegre de que Carlos te trajo."

"Estoy alegre de conocerte," Millie replied. Setting down her wine, she waded across the jacuzzi to where Analia sat drinking. Immediately placing her hands on her breasts, Millie kissed the hollow of her throat, the curve of her neck.

"Would you like to stay here another night?" Analia said, wine spilling from her glass into the steaming water.

"My mother will worry," she said, "but I don't think I have a choice."