 "Robert, other that the fact that she's a babe, I can see why you married her. This pasta is absolutely fantastic and the antipasto was to die for; I can't wait to see what's for desert."

I like to hear about people and throughout dinner I encouraged the young couple – comes out, they were both twenty-eight – talk about themselves. While far from a 'church mouse', Lorry had been rather quite throughout the meal while Robert told me about how they had met at college; two shy students with roommates who were anything but. The roommates had set them up with each other in an attempt to get them out of one of the dorm rooms and it worked, at least for Robert and Lorry. Each being so shy, they took to each other and became friends and that friendship had blossomed into passion. And yes, a software engineer and an accountant can be passionate.

After graduation Robert had worked the numbers and convinced Lorry that if they were ever to own a house in the expensive market in which they had found employment, they would have to live very frugally for a few years to save up enough for a down payment. Lorry had a friend from college whose parents lived on a boat and suggested they talk with them about living on boat to save money. That is how they came to be liveaboards, as people in the boating world refer to them. They had as much room on their 37' trawler as a small apartment and the total cost was a $1,000 less than the apartment would have been. The bonus was that they could take their 'apartment' with them to the beach. 

"Well Bert, I bet Robert could go for something creamy for desert and I could go for a show, what were you thinking would be good?"

My turn to be naïve, "Actually I'm quite full so why don't I do the clean-up; on ALWAYS I do the cooking and the rule is that whoever cooks doesn't do the clean-up, so what's good for the goose is good for the gander." Her expression made it clear that I had missed something but she said that we could all do the clean-up and see what's next. Lorry might have been shy but she was not a shrinking violet and it was clear that she had something in mind.

I was pretty sure that, Robert's, caught with his hand in the cookie jar, look when Lorry had called us to dinner meant that he hadn't said anything to her about what had happened onboard ALWAYS. Pretty sure I was, wrong I was too. I was soon to learn that Robert couldn't keep his mouth shut, in more ways than one. I guess not being able to talk about his work – a big mouth CPA doesn't get very far – made him spill his guts to Lorry about everything else. 

Well, we finished the clean-up and took our after-dinner drinks up to the sundeck to enjoy the warm summer evening and talk. I was no sooner settled into a lounge when Lorry proceeded to inform Robert and me that she wished she could have watched what we were doing on ALWAYS. Clearly, Robert should never play poker because he wears his thoughts on his face. He was not expecting that out of Lorry. The next thing out of her mouth was, "Robert says you're AC/DC so could I watch the two of you now?"

So this was the 'show' she was talking about and I was to be Robert's "creamy desert". 

"Lorry, you are watching us now."

"Come on Bert, you know what I mean."

"No Lorry, you are going to have to tell me exactly what you want to watch." 

Lorry was flustered for a few seconds but only for a few. This gal was not only a great cook and a babe but I was willing to bet she was one heck of an engineer because it didn't take her long to figure it all out and reply, "I want to sit back and watch while the two of you play with each other. I want to watch Robert take you into his mouth and make you cum."

Wow, were do I go from here? True, I had told him that I was AC/DC but I had also told him that I was AC/DC in threesomes. Of course, what I hadn't told him was that I was only that way in my fantasies. How do I get out of this one? Do I call her bluff and explain that Robert hadn't quoted me entirely correctly or do I just deny it. Denying would make me appear a liar because Robert had obviously been fondling me earlier in the day.

"Lorry, I'm afraid that your husband slightly misquoted me. What he left out is that while I'm AC/DC, I'm only AC/DC in threesomes. What happened onboard ALWAYS was the first time another man has ever touched me outside of sexual play involving at least one woman." This was true as far as it went but I felt no need to explain further.

"Well Bert, you yourself said that I was babe; that makes me a woman, so I guess you, Robert and I constitute a threesome."

The whole time Lorry and I were discussing the situation at hand, Robert just sat there without saying a word. It was almost as though he was watching a play. 

"I'm sorry Lorry, but you watching your husband give me a blow job does not constitute a threesome anymore that you watching a play makes you an actor."

She just sat there, sipping her drink while she digested my reply and formulated her rejoinder. I could tell that this gal really wanted to see Robert take me into his mouth; or, should I say that she really wanted to see him give some head to another dick and I just happened to be attached to that dick. Based upon everything they had told me about their dating in college, I wouldn't be surprised that, if it went that far, mine would be only the second hard dick she had ever seen in person. And believe me, by now I was HARD! 

Before this goes any further, let me be clear that this was not just about sex, at least for me. I really liked Robert and I liked Lorry and I liked them as a couple. In general, I like young people but I liked them specifically. And, as I said, Lorry was a babe even if I was probably the first person ever, to tell her that.

After sipping her drink and running through the various possibilities, Lorry decided to put the ball back into my court, "What would constitute a threesomes then?"

By now I had already run through the possibilities in my mine. I didn't really want to ask for anything; I wanted to offer something. Women have been socialized to think that they are 'giving something to men' when they engage in intercourse so that would not be part of my proposition. My reply was formulated even before she asked her question, even if I appeared to think about it for a minute while I sipped my drink.

"Lorry, you don't want to watch your husband engage in a sex act with another man out of idle curiosity. We all know that you are going to find it very stimulating, to say the least. I'm willing to bet that right now Robert is as hard as I am, just from our conversation, and if your bikini bottoms aren't soaking wet right now, I'll eat them. Heck, I'd eat them if they were. And that gets us to where we are going. Robert and I each get a creamy desert. He gets me while you get to supply me with my creamy desert." 

"Would I have to get undressed?"

"No, but you need to take your bottoms off because I was only kidding about eating them."

"How?"

"We'll take the cushions off of these lounges and put them on the deck and I'll lie down on my back. You'll take my shorts off of me and then kneel over my face while I take your bottoms down." I wanted Lorry to buy into this 100% and I was pretty sure that I would be only the second man to have his shorts removed by her. Of course, Lorry surprised me more than once tonight and I could be very wrong; heck, so what if I were.

After what seemed like an eternity and for the first since we had arrived on the sundeck, Lorry looked to Robert. He just nodded his head in such a way as to indicate that he was eager to proceed. Robert wanted this all along and Lorry knew it. Of the three of us, I was probably the most nervous.



Should I continue this story? As this is the first writing I've done in close to 30 years, some feedback would be appreciated. Sorry about the delay in posting this but it had to be revised.