 I knew better, but did it any damn way. Gina set me up with a blind date, some guy from her gym, and he was a real dog. Well, he was a half dog, an Anthro named Chris. He was a jackass, er, asshole, and I've just kicked one of those out of my life. For someone looking to broaden her dating horizons, my first Demi-human date is a bust.

When it becomes apparent I'm not going to put out for him, Chris gets mad. I tell him if he don't like it, he can take me home. Instead, he stomps off, and leaves. Leaves me with the bill, leaves me stranded, and leaves me hanging. I'm so pissed. I call Gina, who won't pick up, and let her have it, in a nasty voice mail. I pay, hoping I can get by until next Friday, (Hello, Ramen!), then try to figure out how to get home.

I can't afford a cab, or driver service, unless I want to steal lunches at work, again. I still have some time on my bus pass, but do I want to ride the bus? I try all my friends, surely someone will come and get me. Fifteen minutes later, I'm pulling up the bus schedule on my phone. The bus I need will be at the stop on Laycock street, and Quim in twenty minutes. No problem, just GPS that bitch, and... problem. The stop is across the park, which isn't that big a deal, in the daytime. At night it's a different story, with homeless, criminals, gangs, and worse claiming the areas where happy families had been just hours before. Or at least that's the story, I'm sure the news blows it way out of proportion to boost ratings.

I walk into the park. I've been here dozens of times, so I know this place like the back of my hand. I'll be on the other side in no time. Oh! Not going that way, a light has burned out. So, we'll just head around here, and homeless person! So, let's cut across the grass, here, and... How the hell did I wind up next to the lake?!? I'm trying to work out where I am, and how to get back to the street, when I spot them. Geese! Not regular geese, Geese-men, one of the local gangs, The Gaggle Group. They surround me, cutting off any escape. I take a deep breath. Don't show fear! Just stand your ground, and they'll let you pass. I stare one of them in the eye, giving him my meanest look. It works until one of them honks loudly behind me. Screaming while jumping out of your shoes is not very intimidating.

"Lost?" The one I was staring down smiles, "Or are you looking for trouble?" They all laugh. "Or," he continues, "looking for a good time?" He grabs one of my breasts. I slap his hand away. "Ooooh, feisty," he sneers. "I like." The others take turns pinching, poking, smacking, and grabbing me. I try to fight them off, but there's too many of them! They taunt me, laughing, making lewd comments, until finally I've had enough. I pull back, and slap the taste out of the leader's mou-, uh, beak. They all get still, and quiet. I've either done something great, or screwed up horribly. He's giving me a hateful look. "You'll pay for that, Pretty Girl."

I stand my ground. I'm going to see this through, no matter what. "Oh yeah," I scoff. "What are you going to do, kill me?" Wait, that's not a good idea to put in their heads! Dial it back! "No, you assholes don't do shit like that, do ya?" I give them all a hard stare. "You punks like fucking defenseless women like me, don't you? Like making us scream while you force yourselves on us." I roll my eyes, "Or that's what you want us to think. I know it's all bullshit. You ain't got the balls to fuck me!" They're confused, looking at each other, mumbling, shaking their heads at the crazy woman. I grab the Leader's shirt, "Now, why don't you get out of my way, and, maybe, I'll come back tomorrow with a couple of loaves of day old bread for you fine feathered fuckwads to stuff your bellies full." His sudden change of expression tells me I've crossed a line.

"Oh," he grins evilly, "There's something we're all gonna share, Bitch, but you're the one getting a belly full of it." He grabs my arm. I refuse to pull away or yell. "Now, unless you want that pretty dress ruined, I'd suggest you strip." He lets go, takes a step back, then nods. The crew move in close, nasty smiles on their faces.

I strip, while they offer comments on my body, and promises of what they're going to do to it. I keep up the tough girl act. "C'mon. What are you waiting for?" I wiggle my ass. "You're all talk, Bitch."

Now, the thing about bluffing is, you need a good back up plan in case someone calls you on it. I wish I could think of one. I'm sure they're just humiliating me. I mean they're not really going to... I mean we're in public...Right? They wouldn't risk it, would they? Oh, shit. Two of the gaggle bend me over a bench, pinning me so I can't move. The rest surround me, groping, pinching, smacking my exposed skin. I struggle, but I'm badly outnumbered, so it's futile. A hand is placed over my mouth to muffle my screams. I'm spanked until my cheeks burn red. Hard beaks bite my stiff nipples until I scream. Soft, strong, fingers begin exploring my slit. I can't stifle the moan escaping from my lips.

"I knew it," one of them laughs. "She gets off on shit like this." He steps in front of me, undoing his pants. "Don't worry, Babe, you're going to get what you came down here for." His cock doesn't look like any I've seen before. Pale yellow, coiled, and corkscrewed, with tight spiraling ridges along the whole length. I watch it uncoil to an impressive length before it's pressed against my lips. "Open wide," he snickers. I keep my mouth shut, until someone pinches my nipples hard enough to make me yell. The spiraled cock is forced into my mouth until I gag on it. He pulls back a little, grabbing a fistful of hair, and hissing, "No teeth, or else." I nod, determined to just ride this out, hoping it will be over quick.

The first one slides into my traitorous pussy. "God Damn! She's tight," he marvels. "For now," another replies. They all laugh. "Wetter than the fucking lake too," my first violator points out. Several of them whoop in joy. "She's totally into this shit." I'm not, well, I'm not totallyinto it. I mean, the sensations radiating from my pussy, as it's spread by that thick, ridged, goose cock are unbelievable. I'm going to orgasm in no time! But my mind is still trying to figure out how to escape. The two of them spit roast me until they cum. Neither one pulls out, so their warm seed spills out of my mouth, and pussy. As soon as they finish, two more step up to take their place. I get at least a half dozen dicks emptied into both ends, with most of them pulling out to spray my face, and ass, with their enormous loads. I cum about five times myself. Then one of them sits down on the bench, buttery cock pointing at the sky.

They walk me around to the front of the bench, forcing me to straddle the next goose in this train. My weight forces him in deep, making me groan in anticipation. Someone spreads my ass cheeks, massaging my sphincter with cum. The gang starts hissing, hollering, egging the goose guy behind me on. I turn my head to look at him, beg him not to do this. No one has ever fucked me back there. No one was ever going to if I had a say in it. I have to admit though, after the feelings those spiral ridges sent through my pussy, I was a little curious about how they would feel back there. With a grunt he forces his way inside me. Shit, it hurts! I bite my lip, squealing through my teeth while gripping the back of the bench. He goes slow, opening me a little at a time. When he hits bottom he stops. I'm filled almost to bursting with canary colored cock. It hurts, but feels so good too. I wipe tears from my eyes, then they start.

How no one hears us, or rather me, I'll never know. I scream as they fuck both my holes with wild abandon. My ass gets filled with thick jizz, then another dick. The one in my pussy drains his balls, so I wind up squatting over the guy in my ass while another one steps up to pound my cunt into submission. A dozen Anthro pricks get a turn in my ass, and pussy, while I climax again, and again. I'm so fucking glad I decided try dating Anthros. If they all fuck like this, I'll never date a human guy again! I'm worn out by the time the last one pulls out, spraying jizz all over my ass cheeks. I lay on the bench, barely able to catch my breath, mouth dry, hair slick with sweat. "I think, I have learned my lesson," I gasp. "I'll show you all proper respect next time."

They all look at each other, a silent agreement passing among them. One of them sighs, "Yeah, problem is, we're not done with tonight's lesson yet." They descend on me again, a fresh round of all new depravities on their minds. I wind up doing a lot of things I never even considered before. That poor bench gets used for things it was never intended for. I have no idea how long I'm down there, or how many times they drain their balls into my ravaged body. Finally, after what seems like hours, they drop me, barely conscious, onto the bench. I watch them disappear down the path, laughing at me. I can barely move. I decide to take a few minutes to get my strength back, but, one blink later, and the sky is already getting lighter on the horizon. Shit!

I stagger to the lake shore. I got to get this dried spunk off me... Nope! Fuck that! I'll die of hypothermia if I get in there. I have no choice but to go home in this state. I find a card laying on my clothes with a phone number scribbled on it. Out of curiosity I call. A gruff voice informs me I've reached Fuck Truck Driving Services. Turns out they pick up women in my condition, and take them home, for the same price as a bus ticket. I arrange a pickup. Half an hour later an unmarked shuttle bus, with blacked out windows, rolls up to the park entrance. Inside are about a dozen women looking as rough, or worse, than me, and... Gina?!?

I flop down next to her with a judgmental stare on my face. She avoids looking at me, so I tell her about my night. She has the good sense to look embarrassed, and apologetic. Then she tells me about her night. About a invitation only Hot Yoga class at the gym with a sexy Buck instructor. Turns out she was the only woman he had told about the class, and the room was packed. Still, she got a workout, and went through a ton of positions. I smile at her, laying my head on her shoulder. She asks if I'm mad at her.

"No," I chuckle, "I'm just wondering if I can get in that Yoga class next time he has it."