 It had been at least a month since the photo session in the woods, Mick my husband, had fucked me silly countless times since as I regaled him the activities and we looked at the pictures, I was desperate for a round 2!

It was late on a Monday afternoon, when David called me in to his office, I've a meeting tomorrow with the two brothers from Bolton's tomorrow and I need you to take minutes of the meeting he said. Bolton's were a large customer of the business, run by two brothers, Jim and John Bolton, both of whom were about 70. I'd been there before with David, they were about 30 miles away, and both David and I knew my role, flash a bit of leg and pout, the two old devils could then barely keep their eyes off me and David would get the contract extended. David said he's pick me up at home around 9.30am and we'd go together in his car.

The next morning I decided to dress for the occasion, I put on a blue dress of a kind of knitted material, it was quite light, after all, it was still summer, plus it really hugged my body and accentuated my tits and arse. I wore black stockings, suspender belt and a tiny black thong, my bush was poking out of the sides and top! I topped this off with no bra and some black 3 inch heels. I knew that the old boys would like the outfit and David would fuck me rigid at the first opportunity.

David arrived on time next morning and as I opened the car door, David said wow, my dress rode right up my legs as I sat in the front seat, you'll give the old boys a heart attack he joked, he gave my leg a squeeze and kissed me on the cheek., think we'll take a few pictures on the way home he said.

I was feeling horny, David always brought out the wanton slut in me, I knew that if he wanted to take some pictures that I'd be in for a good fuck later on, my fanny was getting wet already.

We chatted about the imminent meeting on the way and on arrival we were shown into the boardroom, where we were met by John and Jim. As there were only four of us, we sat at a low table with a sofa and three chairs as opposed to the massive board table which seated about 12, Jim and John sat on the sofa and David and I on the chairs, David to one side and myself opposite them. The secretary served us coffee and we made small talk as it had been nearly a year since we'd last been there.

Jim kicked off the meeting and I started to take minutes, god this was so boring, I've heard a thousand times how difficult times are and no one is making money, then David giving the counter argument. This went on for a hour or so, Jim and David were doing all the talking, John was nodding his head in approval to certain comments but spent most of his time taking sly glances at my legs. I decided to spice things up a little and crossed my legs, my skirt rode up a little showing a good expense of thigh, but nothing un toward, my stocking tops weren't on show, or anything like that. The meeting carried on with the same insensitivity, but John was making more and not so sly glances at my legs which I was starting to enjoy. I uncrossed my legs and decided to have a bit of fun, the next time John looked in my direction, I let my legs part a little, John's eyes visibly popped as he looked again, am sure that he could see my thigh above my stocking tops, as he looked up I looked him straight in the eye, as I did I parted my legs further, he could now see my thong pulled tight over my cunt and my bush escaping from the sides.

His eyes were boring into me and I was getting turned on, I loved flashing and exposing myself to old men really turned me on, I felt like leaning back, pulling my dress up round my waist and spreading my legs, I wanted to display myself like a dirty slut.

The meeting carried on for about another hour before Jim and David stood up and shook hands, thank god it was over and they'd made an agreement. The secretary came in with a buffet lunch and I disappeared to the toilet as I was dying for a pee, my thong was soaking I'd been so turned on and I slid two fingers in my snatch, god I wanted a wank, but I managed to stop myself. I came out of the washroom and John was standing there, thanks for the view he said and moved towards me, he leant forward to kiss me and instead of pushing him away I let him, in fact I responded, his tongue was down my throat and I could feel his hard on pushing against me, I pushed back so my fanny bulge was pressing against his hard on. His hands were on my tits straight away and I felt my nipples harden, I grabbed his knob through his trousers and started to rub it, he was rock hard as I undid his zip and got his prick out, he was about 6 inch, I broke the kiss so I could see his prick as I pulled his foreskin back revealing a red wet bell end. 

I started to wank him hard and we were tonguing each other as he pulled my dress up, I parted my legs and John pulled my thong to one side and shoved to fingers up my hole. The feeling as great, I was dying for it, go on John I said, finger me off, fuck me with your fingers, my hole's sopping wet. John could barely speak, his face was bright red as he rammed his fingers up me and I wanked his prick like crazy, my twat was squelching as I started to cum, my thighs were trembling as I squirted on John's hand, you dirty bastard I said as my cunt spas med on his fingers, just then John grabbed my hand that was wanking his prick and pushed it toward my fanny. As I looked down John's bell end swelled and a massive jet of spunk splashed on my thigh and fanny, yesss John said as another and another load of spunk followed, my thong was covered in spunk and it was all over my fanny and thighs.

I looked at John and he kissed me, fucking hell, I was snogging a 70 year old bloke who'd just fingered me off and spunked all over me!

We tidied ourselves up and went back to the boardroom, Jim gave John a strange look and David smiled at me, we had lunch and then left about 2pm.

When we got in the car, David asked me what happened, I pulled my skirt up revealing my thighs with Jim's spunk on them, you dirty fucker he said, you're going to get a right good fucking when I find somewhere to stop, now let me taste your cunt, I shoved two fingers up my hole and then put them in front of David's mouth as he drove. 

After about 10 minutes we passed a wooded area with a small trail leading into it, David pulled in and reached over and rubbed my fanny, right, now you're going to pose as lewd as possible while I take pictures of you before I fuck your brains out, I reached across and felt David's hard on, I wanted him to fuck me there and then, but obviously he had other ideas.

We got out of the car and David started taking pictures as we walked, I ran a little in front and started to flash my tits, then I'd lift my dress and flash my tits and arse, I was dying to be fucked and was please when David said turn to the left as there was a small clearing. As we entered the clearing David walked up close and kissed me, I grabbed his trousers and got his prick out, I dropped to my knees and started to suck on his 8inch dick, I looked up at him as he took pictures of me swallowing his thick knob, I pulled it out of my mouth and rubbed it on my face, I did this slowly so he could take lots of pics of me licking his bell end and balls.

Mick loved these pics, the sluttier I was the more it turned him on and he'd fucked me stupid as he looked at pics of his slut of a wife licking another blokes prick.

David stood back and told me to stand up, sow me your cunt Ann he said, finger yourself for me, I want to picture it all. In a flash my dress was round my waist and I'd got my thong to one side and two fingers up my twat, David was on his knees in front of me getting really good pictures of my fingers sliding in and out of my gash.

David stood up as I continued to finger myself off, we've company he said and laughed. I looked over my shoulder and there was a bloke standing about 5 yards away, he was naked and wanking a 7 inch cock, I gasped in shock, he'd got a latex dogs mask over his head! David laughed and I looked the other side, fuckin hell, there was another bloke, he was naked but had a latex horses head mask over his head, my jaw dropped, his prick looked about 10 inch and as thick as a fucking baseball bat!

I turned to look at David, you dirty bastard I shouted you've fucking set this up, as the two blokes walked toward me, as they stood beside me, dogs head said hi Ann as he pulled the front of my dress down and started to maul my tits. My nipples were like bullets and I immediately grabbed his knob, horsehead grunted and rubbed my fanny, his prick was touching my thigh, jesus, I could barely get my hard round his prick it was that thick as he shoved three fingers up my sopping wet hole.

David was wanking his prick and taking pics at the same time, my cunt was on fire and I started to cum, dogs head shoved a finger up my arse as horsehead fingered me off. I almost fell to the floor as I came, my legs were so weak, I dropped to my knees and got horsehead's knob in my mouth, the bastard started to fuck my face, I almost gagged when he tried to shove his balls in my mouth. I was sucking on this massive dong as David and the dog mask rubbed their pricks on my face, I pulled the massive prick from my mouth and got the other two in, I was being treated like a piece of meat and I was loving it. The guy with the horse mask got on the floor and lay on his back with his dong in the air, come on Ann he said, get on this, I moved away from David and the dog mask and squatted on this dick, my twat farted when it was half way in and I came, the rest just slid in. The guy held my hips and started to fuck me really hard, his balls were banging my clit as his knob went all the way in, needless to say David was taking pics and the other guy had his cock in my mouth. I was cumming like crazy with the pounding I was getting, god I was in heaven as cum squirted from my gash like water from a tap. 

All of a sudden I felt my insides fill with hot liquid, the bastard came inside me, I could feel loads of cum and it was running out of my hole all over his balls as he continued to fuck me, when his knob softened it plopped out of my hole followed by a stream of his spunk. David had now got on the floor and I got on top of him, although David's prick is a good 8 inch it went in without touching the sides! As David fucked me I leant forward to kiss him, my tongue was all over his face as he fucked my brains out, thanks I said as I continued to slobber all over him. The guy with the dog mask then got behind me and I came again as his bell end went up my arse, they must have fucked me like this for a good twenty minutes, horseback was taking pics all the time when first David and then dog mask both filled me full of spunk. 

By now I think we were all nearly exhausted and the two guys took their masks off, the dog mask was Bob who I'd met the last time a month ago, horsehead mask was Tom, a fucking neighbour of mine!

We all laughed and had a snog as I said how turned on I was being fucked by strangers in animal masks.

We looked at the pics that had been taken and David e mailed to Mick my husband, Tom had got hard again and I was sucking and licking his massive prick when David's phone rang, it was Mick, fucking hell Dave I heard him say, David said she's here and put the phone onto video, as he pointed it in my direction I looked towards the phone as Tom pulled his prick out of my mouth and shot his load all over my face.

I blew a kiss to Mick as Tom's spunk ran down my face.