 Walking up to the door, my stomach was in knots. What am I doing here? What if they don't think I'm attractive, what if I don't find them attractive? Hesitating before ringing the bell, I stood there to collect myself. 

We had met online when I was looking for a couple. A couple to explore with, to experiment with. Steve and Tracy had answered, we traded fantasies and then pictures. 

They seemed just what I was looking for; committed, secure, attractive and sexy as hell. We arranged to meet and see what would happen. I drove out to the comfortable suburb they live in and found myself walking up to the front door.

My heart beating hard in my chest, I reached out to the bell. 'What the hell,' I thought, 'if it doesn't work then I'll just leave. No harm.' After a moment's wait, Steve came to the door. He opened it wide.

"Hi, I'm Steve," he said, holding out his hand. I looked at him for a moment; he looked very much like the pictures they sent. Except he had clothes on. Tall, trim, handsome. I hoped he liked what he saw as well. I shook his hand.

"Thanks," I said. "Beautiful place in a nice neighborhood." I looked closely at his eyes. "You look just like your pictures."

"So do you. We were watching you come up the walkway. We've never done this before. I have to say, we've been a little anxious. Would you like to come in?"

"Sure," I said. You only live once, I thought.

"You only live once, right?" he said. 

I smiled. "My thoughts exactly."

Steve showed me into the nicely decorated living room. Some music was playing and the lights were low. There was a fire already going in the fireplace and the faint smell of incense. 

"Very nice," I said. "Very comfortable."

"Thanks," said Steve. "We like it here. Make yourself at home. Take your coat?"

I shrugged it off and handed it to him. He put it in a closet and came back towards a built-in bar. 

"Would you like a drink?"

"Please. Whatever you are having."

He came back with two glasses of red wine, so dark and thick it looked like burgundy-colored honey in the glass. 

"Thank you." I took a sip and went to the fireplace. "I have to admit, I was pretty nervous coming here today. This is a first for me too."

Steve smiled. "I guess we're a normal, boring suburban couple. We've always had this crazy fantasy about being with another guy. We could never try it with a friend, it just seems too close to home that way. So we thought about it for a while and... found you. You fit exactly what we are both looking for."

His words 'both looking for' hung in the air. I was flattered, nervous, and getting a little aroused. Steve was relaxed and easy to be around. There was a definite chemistry there. I took another sip, wondering where Tracy was, what she might be like as well. 

Steve was reading me well. "Tracy is upstairs. She is more than a little nervous. I was the one to check you out initially, then bring her in if things are comfortable. If you like, I'll ask her down."

I liked his style and his protectiveness of his wife. "Please," I said. "I'd like to meet her."

Steve smiled. "She's nervous now, but she can be a tigress." He came over, put a hand on my shoulder. "She might like to direct things for a while, it's part of her fantasy. Is that OK with you?"

His hand was warm, my whole body seemed to feel it. My cock suddenly seemed sensitive. I was thinking, 'This is it. This could happen.' My face felt hot. I took a breath. 

"Yes. That would be -- good." 

Our eyes met and we both smiled. Steve left his hand there for a moment. I could not help my eyes; they drifted down to his pants, seeing a definite bulge forming there. When I looked up again, his smile was only bigger.

"I'll be right back." 

He went out towards the stairs. I took a large gulp of the wine, feeling it flow down my throat. The fire was hot and I was starting to feel warm myself. There was a beautiful painting on the wall and I was studying it when a low, sultry voice came from the doorway. 

"Good evening."

I turned to see Steve standing with Tracy. She was nothing short of beautiful, wearing a strapless dress that showed her marvelous athletic figure. Her shoulders and arms were fit and I could only imagine the rest. She came towards me, I offered my hand.  

"Good evening. You must be Tracy." We shook hands. She turned to Steve.

"You are right, honey. His pictures did not do him justice." She was frankly appraising me. 

"Steve said you were a handsome devil."

"Very generous," I said. "You are stunning in that dress. Those arms must be from all the swimming you wrote about."

Steve had gone to the bar and returned with a glass for Tracy. He raised his in a toast. 

"To new friends," he said. We all clinked glasses. There was a moment of quiet as they looked at me closely. Tracy was the first to break the silence.

"Did Steve tell you about my fantasy?"

"He mentioned it," I said. "That you might like to --"

"Direct," she said. "I want to direct Steve... and you. At least at first."

I finished my glass and nodded. "OK." 

She indicated the couch in front of the fireplace. "Why don't you sit there. Hon, turn off the lights and sit on the other side of him."

I went to the couch, Steve turning off the lighting and coming over to sit next to me. Tracy sat on the end of the couch, facing us. The only light in the room now coming from the fire.

"Doesn't the fire feel warm," she said. "Honey, our guest must be hot. Do his clothes feel hot?" Steve reached over and put a hand on my thigh. He moved it gently up and down, just stroking. 

"Yes, they do feel hot," he said.

She asked me, "Have you ever had a man touch you before?"

"No," I whispered.

"Mmm. Good. Just lean your head back now, relax. Close your eyes if you like."

I leaned my head back, enjoying the hand on my leg, stroking, squeezing. My eyes closed by themselves. My heart jumped as I did. This was happening, they were going to touch me, these beautiful people. I was in their home, under their spell. 

"Hon, let your hand just explore a little bit." 

His hand moved more deliberately, upwards on my leg, then down; up farther, then down. My breathing got deeper. His fingers brushed against my cock, which jumped in response. His hand came back and covered my cock, pressing against it. 

"Can you feel his cock?"

"Yes," Steve said.

"Is it hard?" she asked.

"Oh, yes," he said.

"Squeeze it." He did. She touched my arm. 

"Does that feel nice?"

I gave a slight moan. "Yes... very nice."

"Of course. Your turn will be coming up. Soon you will be naked, on your knees in front of my husband. Do you want that?" He squeezed again, harder. 

"Yes. I want that," I breathed out. 

"Look at me," She directed. I opened my eyes, saw she had pulled down her dress to expose her breast. It was nicely rounded with a rose-pedal pink nipple. Her fingers brushed it, making it hard. "Do you want to taste it? Suck it?"

I nodded. She moved over, offered it to my mouth. I sucked her nipple into my mouth, my tongue exploring its hardening tip. 

"Ah, nice," she said. "Steve, show me how hard he is. Show me his cock."

Steve nearly ripped my pants open. I would not have minded if he had. His fingers went inside my boxers, wrapped around my cock and pulled it free. 

"Oh, it's hard," she said. "It's big, like yours. Does it feel like yours?"

Steve said, "Yes... it's warm. He's really hard." 

She moved back, pulling her breast away from my mouth. "Now you are going to have your first taste. I want to watch." 

She kneeled down next to my lap, her face so close I could feel her breath on my straining cock. Steve's eyes were riveted to the head of my cock where a drop of pre-cum had formed. 

"It's waiting for you, baby" she said. "We've talked about this so many times and here it is. He's so ready to feel it. Go ahead." Her hand gently went to the back of his head, pulling him towards my cock. Closer, closer. His tongue went out tentatively, touching the drop on the tip. 

"Share. Now." She grabbed his hair and pulled his head towards hers, locking in a passionate kiss. I could see their tongues working back and forth. She broke the kiss.

"Can you taste him?" she asked.

"Yes," he said. "It tastes like me. It tastes --"

"Good," she said. "It tastes good. Get more." 

She pushed his head back towards my cock, over it. His lips willingly parted, he sank his mouth over my cock. I could feel the warm wetness engulf it. 

"Ah, that's wonderful," I gasped. She smiled up at me. 

"You like that? You like having a boy suck your cock? Watch him, watch my handsome husband suck that cock of yours." I watched as Steve started moving his mouth up and down on my cock, his hand wrapping around, milking it. Tracy watched him suck, coaching him. 

"Keep it wet... good. Use your tongue. Think about what feels good to you." 

She kept Steve on my cock for a while, occasionally pulling him off for a wet kiss. I was wondering if I could hold back much longer when suddenly she barked, "Enough!" 

Surprised, Steve looked up from my cock, still holding it with his hands. She smiled. "We have a long night ahead of us." She pointed to me. "I promised it would be his turn soon. Help me undress him."

She pulled me to my feet and together they pounced, my clothing torn from my body. I was naked, standing before the fire, my cock bouncing in front of me like a flagpole. 

"Hard, fit... I like it," she said. "What do you think, honey?"

Steve said, "He looks good." His eyes were on my cock. She laughed.

"You'll get some more later. Now sit back down and relax." She was obviously enjoying having such power over two men. She waited until Steve was relaxed on the couch, then turned to me.

"Your turn. Have you ever done this before?"

"No," I said. 

"You want to though, don't you?" she asked.

I stared at the bulge in Steve's pants, wondering what it looked like underneath. What it would feel like. What it would taste like. "Yes," I said.

"Kneel between his legs," she directed. I reached down, opening his legs and kneeling between them. I could feel the fire behind me, warming my back. She knelt beside me. 

"Your turn to explore. Don't hold back." She took my wrist, moving my hand upwards on his leg. My hands seemed to have a life of their own, moving over his legs, moving closer to his bulge. My hand went across it, feeling the hardness underneath. I grasped it through his pants, making Steve moan. 

"That feels good, doesn't it baby?" She went up and kissed him hard, then came back to watch. Steve's eyes were glazed as I squeezed and stroked his cock through his pants. I felt vulnerable being naked in front of them, but warmed by the fire and wanting to taste what I was feeling. 

"Take it out now. I want to see it in your hands." I undid his pants and reached in, feeling his warm, hard cock straining beneath his boxers. I grasped it and twisted it free, standing up before me. It was big, the head glistening and dripping with pre-cum. 

"Ooh, you are ready, aren't you?" She said. 

"That's a lot of pre-cum." My thumb went around the head, smearing it. I couldn't wait any more and pulled it into my mouth, licking all the juice from the top with my tongue. It tasted salty and sweet... and good.

"Mmm. Fast learner," she said. "Share. Now." She grabbed my hair and I knew what to expect; her lips pressed on mine, her tongue exploring my mouth, tasting him on me. I held onto his cock while tasting her mouth for the first time. Her lipstick tasted like cherries and her perfume was sweet and intense. She broke the kiss.

"Get back on it," she said, pulling my head back towards Steve. I went back to sucking his cock, stroking it with one hand while taking as much into my mouth as I could. My other hand went to stroke his balls, gently holding and caressing them. Tracy was right there, whispering in my ear, "Like that... good... lick it... now take it as deep as you can..." 

I could feel his cock swelling in my mouth, the shaft getting even harder in my hand. He moaned, 

"Honey, I can't hold back for long. It feels too good."

She looked up at him, then leaned in close to my ear, "You wrote and told us you wanted to taste come. You wanted to suck him and have him come in your mouth, swallowing it down. Are you ready for that?"

I nodded, not missing a beat on Steve's cock. I wanted his come in my mouth, wanted to taste it, swallow it. She moved up and held his face in her hands.

"Here you go, baby. Let him have it. Watch a hot boy take your load. Give it to him."

He didn't last another ten seconds. His moans became frantic, his hips arched off the couch and his hands came up to hold my head as his cock swelled and I felt the first spurt from his cock on my tongue, warm and creamy. Then he cried out and his cock squirted and squirted into my mouth. I started swallowing the salty come, my hand milking every drop from his cock. I held his cock in my mouth and kept milking it until he collapsed back onto the couch. 

He was gasping for air. "That was incredible," he said. "One of the best blow jobs I've ever had."

"I told you baby, girls do girls and boys do boys the best," she was stroking his neck and chest, letting him come down from the intense orgasm. She looked at me. "That was very good. Come here," she beckoned. 

I moved up and she kissed me again, her tongue seeking out his taste. She pulled back, chiding me. "Selfish boy, you swallowed it all down. Next time, leave some for me." She kissed me again, this time her hand finding my shaft, her fingers finding the slickness on the head. 

"Our guest still needs relief." She brought up her hand, putting her wet fingers into Steve's mouth. "It's our turn again, baby. Time to bring him all the way there. But this time I'll drive, I want you to get him ready for more fun later."

She pulled a throw off the couch and spread it over the carpet before the fire, then directed me to lay back on it, the heat on my skin feeling wonderful. I was ready for whatever came next, my body feeling relaxed, my cock swaying over me, dripping slowly towards my stomach. Tracy leaned across me, her tongue lapping up the pre-cum, then circling the tip of my cock. 

I reached for her, my hands moving across her hips toward the zipper of her dress. She pulled back. 

"Not yet," she said. Once you two have your first loads taken care of, you will both fuck my brains out. I want this to last."

She put my hands back on the soft fabric of the throw and resumed sucking me. I lay back and was enjoying the sensations she was giving me when Steve came back into the firelight. He was now naked and his cock was becoming hard again. He put something down and wriggled up between my legs, joining Tracy at my cock, licking the underside, then moving down to my balls. Tracy giggled, kissing him. "This is fun... he was the perfect find." 

They went back to licking and sucking me as I lay in the heat of the fire. She began to take more and more of me into her mouth. My moans were echoing around the room. Steve backed up a little bit and his hands worked their way down towards my ass. He moved his hands underneath me and spread me wide, his shoulders keeping my legs open. His fingers were so close to my hole but stayed away. I was in a pleasant agony, wanting to feel his fingers inside me while her mouth did wonders on my cock. 

"Get him ready," she said, and his hands disappeared for a moment and then came back slick and wet. She turned around to kiss me. 

"Olive oil," she whispered. "Relax now. We are going to make you come so hard." She turned back and held my cock tight in her hand. Steve's slick fingers now circled my hole, one finally pushing inside. 

Steve's finger slid in and out of my ass, deeper and deeper. When he turned it upwards and curled it inside of me, I arched and moaned, my body now far gone from my control. I was completely in their hands. He pulled his finger out, added more oil, dripping it all across my balls and ass. Tracy was watching, holding my cock like a vice in her hand. Steve added another finger, pushing them deep inside. I was being stretched, my ass gripping his fingers as he pushed and twisted them in me. 

"Now," she said. "Time to come." Her mouth went back over my cock, her hand milking me fast and hard. His hand began pistoning in and out of me, fucking me with his fingers. I heard my voice crying out as the come came up from my balls, building up inside and then like a bolt of lightning, my body convulsed, my come pumping into her mouth, my ass clenching down on his fingers.

They kept up the treatment, their movements becoming more and more gentle until my body relaxed back to the carpet. Steve's fingers were still inside of me when she pulled her mouth off and grabbed his head, pulling him to her. I looked down to watch them locked in a mad kiss, watched their tongues move, watched him swallowing my come from her mouth. They broke the kiss breathlessly. 

"How was that?" she asked.

"Amazing," both Steve and I answered at the same time. We laughed, falling together in a heap. We lay there, comfortable and warm together. After a bit, Tracy rolled up and looked at us.

"Both of you head upstairs to the bedroom. It's my turn now. I want the fucking of my life." Steve and I grinned at each other. We were more than willing to oblige.