 We spent two uneventful days on schoolwork and daily chores. We walked Jasper together, in the streets, not the park.

"Good news: all five of Travis's classmates approve of the woman in the photo he showed them!"

"That's hard for me to believe!"

"You'll believe when you see 6 cocks hard for you!"

"I'd have major stage fright!"

Travis bolstered my confidence with a visit. He couldn't go another day without fucking me. When he entered our home, he was all ready, with a hardon, to enter me!

"You should've heard what they said about your sexy body and what they'd like to do with you! I think most, if not all, of them are virgins. They love MILF videos." 

That gave me goose bumps! 

"And do you love me, Travis? Do you want to show me how much?"

We three went down into our basement play room. Travis sat on the couch while we stood facing him. Herb unzipped my short, low-necked spring flowery dress and stripped it off me. He unfastened my bra and pulled the straps down my shoulders. I shook it down off my arms to the floor. Herb cupped my breasts, squeezed them together, and pinched my nipples.

"Always squeeze the fruit to make sure it's ripe. When these tips are swollen, her tits are ripe for sucking. Do you like my wife's fruit, Travis?"

"Yes, I love her fruit!"

Then Herb grabbed my pussy and massaged it until my panties became wet. He peeled them off and gave them to me.

"Hand your panties to Travis. Do you approve her vintage?"

Travis sniffed my scent of sexual arousal and vigorously nodded. He removed his shorts and underwear.

Herb said, "Have a seat, Emily. Take the seat of honor and pleasure!"

I lowered myself onto Travis's lap. He aimed his cock at his target, and I slowly impaled myself. Travis gasped, and I moaned. Herb fed me his cock, which I sucked while I squirmed on Travis's cock. Travis squeezed my fruit.

"Travis, I'm counting on you to take the video of Emily's dance, strip and gangbang—except, of course, for your intercourse with her. Try to get one of the others to take the video of you priming her while she sucks cocks. I expect that we will have years of replaying and enjoying her performance!"

"Yes, Mr. Case! I'll do my best!"

"Meanwhile, give Emily your best! I'd better save my cum until after your performance, for my tribute to my sex queen!"

Travis flipped me onto my hands and knees, taking control, and power-fucked me. I screamed and felt a surge of juice in my depths! From the amount of sperm he unloaded into my pussy, he must have saved up! He denied himself a second helping of me to ensure his performance a few days hence.

Herb conjured up on YouTube videos of Salome's dance from Richard Strauss's opera and played them on the big screen of our smart TV. Most sopranos stripped to a last wisp of cloth or a flesh-colored body suit. Maria Ewing stripped bare naked and stood displaying her tits and dark-haired pussy to the audience! She was rather thin and her breasts were much smaller than mine. I thought I could excite the adolescents more with my voluptuous body.

There was one production with a splendid dancer, perhaps a ballerina. She began with her breasts exposed enough to see that her nipples were already erect with her excitement about what she was going to do. Seven robed men, pale, waited in the background. Each time she stripped off a veil, one of the men embraced her and then collapsed, a fatality of the femme fatale. She finished naked, displaying small breasts and a blonde pussy.

I watched different sopranos dance, learned the music, and began dancing in imitation of the moves I liked best. Some danced without feeling for the music or situation, and were not sexy, much less erotic, I felt.

I told Travis that he needed to verify his classmates' ages, and I would verify each ID. They couldn't even watch me strip, if they were under 18. He said he had 5 who were eligible for the "adult" part of the stag party. I would wear a masquerade mask covering my entire face.

I asked a woman friend, who makes clothes, to help me design my dress of veils. I told her I was going to dance for my husband. I undressed to bra and bikini panties, blushing. After an hour or so of arranging the scarves, Marion and I decided I was ready. I asked her to take pictures so that I could remember how to assemble my costume.

"Herb is lucky that you want to do this for him! Mine would like me to spice up our sex lives, too! Let me know how it works. Maybe, I'll do something like this for Jim. I won't tell him about you, because he'd love to see you dance, and strip! If he even saw these pictures, he'd have an instant erection!"

Back home, I practiced dancing and stripping to the hypnotic music. I found it quite exciting. Later, I tried out with my friend the seamstress, who also had taken the belly dancing class with me.

"Wow! Jim would love to see you do this! I wouldn't get too jealous, if he gave me the benefit of his excitement!"

On the Friday of my performance, Herb made supper, because I was too nervous to concentrate. I ate lightly, not to disturb further the butterflies in my stomach. I did drink my 4 oz of Cabernet to calm myself.

Travis rode his bike to our house, so that he could drive me in our car. The sun was still hours up in the sky, so I needed a robe to conceal my costume. He drove us right into the garage. I requested something to bolster me, Scotch or dark rum. Travis poured me 2 oz of Black & White.

Travis, his parents being out for the Friday night, provided their finished basement for the stag party. He used his computer and its speakers to play the music. My performance would begin at 7. Herb had done some research on the various versions of the legendary Salome and wrote an introduction for Travis to read to his classmates:

"According Oscar Wilde's play and the opera based on it by Richard Strauss, Salome is a seductress, the quintessential femme fatale. Salome's mother, Herodias, divorced her husband and married his brother, Herod. This violated the law. A film version shows John the Baptist preaching in the street and reviling Herodias as committing incest. At his wife's behest, Herod has him jailed, but that does not keep him quiet. Salome visits him and conceives a perverse fancy for him. He rejects her and warns her to shun her mother and uncle.

"Salome was not very young; she had already been married. Her first husband died trying in vain to impregnate her. Herodias, aware of the literal incestuous desire her husband has for his niece and stepdaughter, asks Salome to seduce Herod into ordering the murder of John the Baptist by dancing for him. Mad with lust for her, he promises her anything she wishes. When Salome finishes her erotic dance of 7 veils (Oscar Wilde's invention) and displays herself naked to him, she asks him for the head of John the Baptist on a platter."

As Travis prepared his classmates, I waited in an adjacent room, where I could hear their talk. I wore a jeweled girdle, like a belt held up by my hips and sexy sandals that had straps up the ankles. Two veils tied around my neck held my breasts like a halter. Two wide veils hung through my girdle to cover my legs. A veil covered my face, and two wide veils my chest, shoulders and back. A final veil was arranged between my legs like a bikini panty. I wore a black mask that covered my entire face except for openings for my eyes and a large opening, one that would not interfere with any cock, for my mouth

"Now the woman who will entertain us is neither a professional stripper nor a whore. She is doing this for fun. She is married, and her husband gets off seeing other guys lust for her. He wants to liven up their sex lives by sharing her. She's here for us to help her become a slutwife. You've probably seen slutwife videos and read slutwife stories online. As men get older, they can't fuck as often as when they were young, but they still think about sex every day.

"A woman can fuck as much when she is middle-aged as when she was a teenager. Men want to fuck every day but can't do it, unless they're our age. Women can fuck every day but most of them don't have the urge. We are helping to train a hotwife to enjoy sex so much that she wants it every day, to pleasure herself and entertain her husband. Her husband wants video so he and his wife can enjoy replaying her adventures.

"If you all show enthusiastic appreciation of her dance and praise her, you may excite her to let all of you have sex with her!"

One guy asked, "Have you fucked her before? Is she your bitch?"

"I helped her to have her first threesome. I fucked her three times in one day, and her husband fucked her once. She came every time we fucked her! Her husband and I think she has developed enough to satisfy all of us tonight and enjoy doing it!"

"Does she like to suck cock?"

"Yes, and, if you cum in her mouth, she swallows it! What she enjoys most, though, is getting fucked hard and feeling you pump your sperm into her cunt!"

My ears felt hot, and I felt flushed. I hoped I could meet their expectations! The Scotch had put a fire in my belly. I heard Travis call,

"Salome, enter and dance for us!"

As I entered the room, they all stood and applauded me! I spun around, scarves flaring out to display my legs. They liked that. Travis started the music. It was slow and languorous, but the tempo increased and the volume intensified for the removal of each veil. Travis played Herod. I danced for a few minutes of the approximately 7 minutes of music, before removing the veil draped over my back.. Next came off the veil draped over my front. I twirled about the room and over to Travis, sinuously swaying my hips for him to remove the veil from one thigh, to applause.

I danced about the room again and back for Travis to remove the veil from my other thigh. Seeing just a wisp of scarf covering my sex, they clapped more. I removed the veil from my face. I danced by each guy in turn before stopping to reach behind my neck to remove a veil that freed one breast. They shouted and clapped! I danced by them again, stopped and freed my other breast, which they greeted with shouts and greater applause.

"What a set of tits! Look at them bounce! I want to play with her tits!" 

I danced about the room again, as the music approached a crescendo, and presented myself again to Travis, using some belly dance moves. He stripped the veil from between my legs. I danced faster and faster, into a frenzy of erotic excitement. Finally, I stood on tiptoes, flaunting my nakedness with arms outstretched to my audience. Then, I dropped to the carpet, writhed a bit and lay still, sweating and spread-eagled.

Soon, I became encircled by naked young men with hard cocks, all pointing at me—a firing squad to die for! They surrounded me and began feeling me up all over. Travis thrust his head between my thighs. I raised my knees and spread my legs wide for him to smell and taste my sex.

"Guys, she has a sweet-smelling, tasty cunt! You should all have a sniff and taste her! You can smell and taste that she's aroused and wet! There's only one thing that excites her more than having her pussy eaten and finger-fucked!"

They all took turns inhaling my sexual fragrance and tasting me. Some penetrated me with a finger and heard me enjoying it.

"Okay, who wants her to suck him off and who wants to fuck her!"

They shouted in unison: "Both!"

Travis interceded, "She can suck my cock just to prime it, and then I'll show you beginners how to fuck her and make her happy while she sucks each of you off. By the time she makes all of us cum, the first guy should be ready to fuck her."

They agreed. Travis showed one of the guys how to use our Nikon Coolpix camera, with two spare batteries, to take the HD video of our sex show. A courteous one placed a pillow on which I could kneel comfortably, to suck cocks all around! After tasting each cock, I got onto my hands and knees and then dropped to my elbows to present myself most invitingly for Travis to mount me. The others gathered behind me to watch the first cock split my pussy open and my labia embrace it. They were spellbound as they saw the look of pleasure on my face and heard me moan as Travis grasped my big tits and shoved all of his cock up me.

They took turns to sit in front of me offering their cocks to be sucked. Three had average cocks like Travis; one had about 7"; the other guy looked to have 8" of cock for me! Travis told the two with biggest cocks to be last in line. They would also fuck me last, when I was lathered up with my own cum and full of sperm.

Because my hands were occupied holding me up, I had to perform pure fellatio, using just my lips and tongue. All of their cocks oozed precum for me to taste. You can imagine how excited these adolescent studs were! Nobody missed his opportunity to play with my tits while I sucked him. The first took only a few minutes of my lips sucking him and my tongue swirling around the head of his cock before he groaned and fed me my first sperm of the night.

"God, she let me cum in her mouth! Show me!"

I opened my mouth to show him and the others his sperm coating my tongue. Then, I swallowed it. They cheered. The next one offered me his cock. Travis had just held his cock in me, not wanting to cum immediately. As I licked and sucked my second cock, Travis began slowly fucking me. The second guy lasted about as long as a two-minute egg. He was delighted that I ate his sperm. Travis had stopped.

"Don't stop! Fuck me!" 

They loved hearing me ask to be fucked! I was then served my third cock. It was evident that they had all bathed their bodies and washed their cocks for me. This one lasted for maybe 3 minutes before serving me his liquid love. I just hoped that the two with big cocks would not fuck my mouth and make me gag!

Now, Brian presented me with his 7".

"Hi, Brian! It's nice to meet you and your cock! Just let me do all the work."

I took my time with 3" of his cock in my mouth, stopping when Travis gave me a particularly stirring thrust to give a muffled moan.

"Ease up, Travis! You're pushing my mouth too far down his cock!"

"Oh, lady, do you fuck as well as you suck?"

"You'll find out later, if you're up for me!"

"I'm not worried about that!"

I felt the spasms of his cock pump his sperm up and into my mouth. He fed me so much that some overflowed and dribbled down my chin. Now I had the last cock in front of me, with a close-up view.

"Hello, I'm Chuck."

"You should name your cock, too! I'd call it Lady-killer!"

"Hey, that's good, but I don't want to scare you with it!"

"I don't know if all of it will fit inside me, but it will be a lot more than I can take into my mouth, so don't push!"

Again, I took about 3" into my mouth. I sucked and swirled my tongue around the circumcised head.

"Oh, Mama!" He exclaimed.

Travis began fucking me hard, which pushed my mouth further on Chuck's rock-hard cock! I tightened my lips and nearly bit his cock to put on the brakes! Chuck lasted a minute or two longer than the others. He squeezed my tits hard as his climax approached. His balls must have been full, because he shot so much sperm into my mouth that I could barely swallow one spurt before the next nearly choked me!

Travis picked me up, with his cock still in me, and carried me to the couch. I sat in his lap, impaled on his cock, facing the others, so that they could watch me getting fucked while Travis held my tits. Then, he fucked me to a screaming orgasm and basted my pussy for the first newcomer. 

After eating all that sperm, I called for a chaser, dark rum this time. I still sat on Travis's cock for my break, until his cock shrunk out. He then offered me to the others. After sipping 2 oz of rum, I began to feel mellow and easy. It was difficult not to spill my drink with 10 or 12 hands feeling me up, some on my erogenous zones and my most intimate parts!

Travis pulled the 3 thick cushions from the couch, laid them end-to-end on the floor and covered them with a bath towel. I lay down on my back, raised my knees and spread my legs wide for my first guest. I think I was his first, because I needed to grasp his cock and guide him into me. Travis was now taking video of my orgy.

"Wow, look at her put his cock into her pussy! She really wants to be fucked "

After a few tentative thrusts, he homed in on me.

"God, you feel good! I never felt anything so good!"

"Thank you! Now, fuck me!"

I was embarrassed to face the guy fucking me, but it was also exciting to watch him do it to me. He managed to fuck me for more than 5 minutes. I was in an orgasmic state from the masterful fucking Travis had given me, so I was moaning. When he began fucking his sperm into me, I had a mild orgasm. Excited by the young studs' lust for me and by giving a performance to excite my husband, I offered to lick and suck his cock clean. After that, I was committed, by popular demand, to clean our cum from each cock!

The next guy also needed some guidance, but he soon followed the trail of cream in me. He squeezed my tits and sucked my hard nipples while he fucked me. I was lubricated so well now that he lasted for about ten minutes. He gave me a nice orgasm as he fucked hard his load into me. I had now been fucked by 3 virile teenagers and still was feeling no pain, only pleasure. Could I serve 3 more, especially the two cocksmen? What if they all wanted to fuck me a second time?

Stud number 4 knelt between my legs and rubbed his cock up and down my creamed pussy. He slipped right into me. He took his time fucking me, until the last two in line urged him to hurry up so that they could have a piece. He gave me some concentrated fucking, which pleasured me, and unloaded.

Now, Brian's 7-incher confronted my swollen, inflamed and overflowing pussy. I took a deep breath. Brian penetrated me, grabbed my ass, lifted up my hips, and thrust home in two masterful strokes. I began cumming on his cock! He let my ass down, ran his hands up and down the outside of my thighs and the inside of them. Then, he filled his hands with my breasts, and got down to some serious fucking. Our audience watched in rapt silence while we coupled in a vocal contest of pleasure.

His cock churned my pussy, which lathered his cock. After more than 10 minutes, Brian had fucked me into submission. I screamed and begged him to cum! The others chanted,

"Cum in her! Cum in her now!"

I felt the head of his cock at my cervix, and it swelled even bigger while the sperm surged up and into my womb. He collapsed on top of me, and we lay coupled, until Chuck demanded his turn. When Brian pulled out, some sperm gushed onto the bath towel that Travis had placed on the cushions. I needed a breather and requested water, followed by another shot of rum. 

Chuck sported his big 8" hardon, wagging it up and down. It had a menacing look! I wondered if he could penetrate my cervix. Might the head of his cock get me stuck in a tie with him, like a bitch with a dog's knot in her? How long would we be stuck together? Men wore cock rings to stay hard. Would my cervix squeeze his cock and keep it hard?

"Take it easy, Chuck! Brian just gave me the biggest one I've ever had, and it filled me up!"

"Don't be scared! I don't want women to be afraid of my cock; I want it to make them happy! I'll ease it into you."

The others gathered close to see if I could take all of Chuck's cock. Their hands felt me up all over and spread me even wider. Chuck's cock rubbed up and down my slit and over my clit. He pressed it against my entrance and said,

"You put it in; make it easy on yourself."

I grasped, aimed, and pulled it between my labia. Chuck pushed; I pulled; and he penetrated me without pain. 

"Oh, you stretched my pussy, Baby!" I exclaimed. "Give me some more!"
