 When the new year began, many of Sonia's co-workers at the airline quickly vied with one another to request the week of Christmas off, despite it being one of the busiest times of air travel in the nation. Likewise, some fought to avoid the wave of Thanksgiving travelers and requested to use their vacation hours at that time of year. Sonia gladly worked those weeks. It gave her a legitimate excuse not to go home to Tennessee and her mother, who seemed unable to escape the memories of her father who was killed under friendly fire in the first Iraqi War in 1991. She did join the line of requests, though she rarely had a difficult time getting her prefered time: the last week of May. There was some pick-up in travel at that time of the year, with graduation celebrations and the beginning of summer vacations, but Sonia mainly worked international flights. There was even quite a bit of travel into New York City for the week, but her bosses usually granted her request.

For that reason, Sonia was perched along the banks of the Hudson River with thousands of others as seven ships belonging to the United States Navy, the United States Coast Guard, and the Canadian Royal Navy floated upstream. Sailors in uniform stood on the decks, waving back to the crowds welcoming them to the nation's largest city for the annual Fleet Week Celebration. Some of the sailors were looking for their sweethearts or mothers. Others were eyeing the towering skyscrapers with amazement. Some had their arm around their buddy's shoulder, a conspiratorial smile on their faces. These were men who had been in New York for Fleet Week before. They were ready to introduce their rookie shipmates to a whole new world. Sonia looked forward to Fleet Week the way children looked forward to Santa Claus and their birthday.

While the parade of ships was the official kickoff of Fleet Week, the real festivities for Sonia would begin tonight with a bar crawl. The younger sailors would enter the first bar they found and spend all their money on booze and hookers. The older sailors knew they could avoid the hookers' prices if they travelled a little farther into Manhattan, but they would also have to pay more for the drinks, and sometimes the price of dinner for their date was greater than the price of a call girl. The girls who went to those establishments were looking for love. Sonia's favorite pub fell in-between. She was not looking for a long term relationship. She wanted to have fun, and wanted to have a lot of it.

By the time she reached The Brook, several of the sailors were already a few drinks into their week. The music pumping through the speakers was loud. Sonia danced into the mob of bodies with a bottle of beer in her hand. It would be the last drink she would pay for with her own money all week. Most of the sailors had worn their dress blues or whites as part of the parade, so they still had on their Dixie Cup sailor hats, their scarfs, and their wide-legged pants. She eventually found herself dancing with a tall, dark-haired, dark-eyed sailor. Words were not necessary as their bodies brushed against each other. He held onto her hips, pulling her against him in rhythm with the music. She rocked with him, pressing her breasts against him as they moved. She had her arms around his neck, so that no more than a whisper separated them, even during the faster songs. She felt his body responding to their movements. She dropped one of her hands to the front of his navy trousers, lightly dancing over the erection forming.

They made their way through the sea of of uniforms to one of the bathrooms. As soon as they were in the room, he pinned her to the wall, his mouth attacking hers as he reached behind her to thumb the lock into place. She had both arms around his shoulders, pulling him close as her tongue dove into the depths of his mouth. He squeezed her breasts through her sweater before his hand reached down to grab the hem of her short skirt. He inched it up to her waist, his mouth never releasing hers. Sonia moaned against him as his fingers danced along her slit. As his fingers pushed between her lips, he was pleased to find her already slick and ready for him. 

He didn't waste any time opening his fly and pulling out his cock. He placed his hands on the backs of her thighs and picked her up, pinning her between his strong body and the door. He pushed his cock into her slick opening with one hard thrust. She groaned as her body adjusted, and then his hips began moving back and forth. His motion was slow and steady at first, dragging his long shaft nearly out of her before driving back into her depths. She gripped his shoulders and tightened her thighs around his hips, locking her ankles as he increased his pace.

He finally broke the kiss so that he could breathe, the harsh sound of his ragged gasps echoing off the linoleum walls of the bathroom. He was moving faster, slamming her back against the wall with each forceful thrust. She responded with a grunt each time. Her anticipation of Fleet Week made her an easy conquest, and with very little effort on his part, she found herself beginning to peak. Her body tightened and tensed, and then she was screaming at the ceiling as she crested. After weeks at sea, he had also looked forward to Fleet Week, so he didn't care that she was easy. He followed quickly, exploding inside of her with a final hard thrust.

Her feet slid down to the floor, but she was grateful he was holding her upright still. He was gasping in her ear as he struggled to catch his breath. She kept her arms around him, loving the feel of his strong shoulders underneath her hands. She leaned her head against the door and smiled at him, her hands cupping his face. She pulled him down for another long, slow kiss, their tongues twining together as his hands came up to caress the gentle swell of her breasts. His body was starting to respond again when the door wiggled, followed by an insistent pounding, reminding them where they were. They both laughed softly. He threaded his fingers through her thick hair and rested his forehead against hers. "I guess everyone will know what we've been doing," he muttered apologetically as they separated enough to adjust their clothing.

Her laugh was musical and sultry. "If I cared, I wouldn't be in here, would I?" She took his hand, unlocked the door, and led him back into the throbbing crowd of the bar. She winked playfully at sailor waiting for the bathroom, who in turn saluted her partner with the bottle of beer in his hand.

She released his hand and waded back into the crowd. He struggled to keep up with her, hoping for another round in private. He stayed with her for a while, but there were too many drunken sailors, too many willing young women, and too much alcohol. He turned around and she was gone.

Sonia enjoyed the night of dancing and drinking and flirting, but she did not find another partner. She went back to her apartment alone and was up early the next morning to continue her holiday with a tour of one of the ships. She joined the queue and made her way to the front of her group to be able to talk with the sailor leading the tour between stops. He introduced himself as Owen and responded to her flirting. She brushed against him whenever she had the chance. He struggled to continue his spiel through her obvious interest. She took his arm as they reached the end of the tour, hugging it between her breasts as they walked across the deck. "How about a private tour below decks?" she whispered in his ear. 

He glanced around nervously, scouting the location of any superior officers. "Wait over here. I'll be right back," he assured, patting her hand as he disentangled from her grip. He finished the tour, leading the other visitors off the boat. She stood at the railing, turning her face into the wind. She watched the crews of other ships, allowing her imagination to run away with her while she waited for Owen's return. "Have you gotten separated from your group, Miss?" an authoritative voice suddenly asked. 

She turned to face the ranking officer approaching her. She glanced over his shoulder, but did not see Owen approaching. "I suppose I have," she said with a smile. She tucked a strand of hair behind her ear and wet her lips as her eyes swept the insignia on his uniform. "I was just appreciating the view, Ensign Rochester. I'm Sonia." She lowered her voice in invitation, stepping closer to him. "I enjoyed my tour of your ship. I would like to see more of it."

Hypnotized, he moved toward her. "Is that so? And, what other parts of the ship were you hoping to see?"

Her hip made contact with his as she playfully answered. "Oh, anything down below. The engine room, where it's nice and loud, or the sleeping berths."

"There you are!" Owen suddenly exclaimed, rushing over to them. "Where did we lose you? The rest of your group is waiting on shore." He attempted to take her arm, looking nervously at Rochester. "Thank you for escorting her, Sir."

"We were having a lovely conversation," Rochester answered. "I'll see her off."

Owen opened his mouth to argue, then closed it in frustration, realizing he had lost a golden opportunity to his superior officer. They were both surprised when Sonia settled the dispute with a soft laugh. "Perhaps you could both escort me?"

Owen gaped, uncertain how to respond. Rochester just smiled. "That sounds like an excellent idea. What do you think, Petty Officer Gibbs?" He took Sonia's arm and began walking away, giving Owen the option to follow or not. Owen did not think about the choice for long. He hurried to her other side, but allowed Rochester to take the lead into bowels of the ship. They made several turns through the narrow hallways. Sonia chatted with them both as they walked, putting them at ease. Rochester finally stopped at a door, unlocked it, and pushed it open for them. It was a supply room filled with towels and sheets. 

As Rochester secured the room, Sonia turned to Owen, sliding her arms around his neck and pulling him forward for a kiss. He placed his hands on her hips, pulling her against him as his tongue danced along her lips and into her mouth. She could feel his hardening cock pressed against her stomach as she opened her mouth to him, rubbing her tongue against his. Rochester came up behind her, sliding his hands down her sides to her waist, and kissed the side of her neck. He began rocking his hips lightly, pressing into her bottom with each forward motion. His hands slipped over her hips and began pulling up the material of her skirt to expose her thighs and bottom.

Without breaking their kiss, Owen's hands moved between them to work on the buttons of her blouse, his trembling fingers slowly working them open. His hands moved to her breasts, cupping them, feeling the nipples press to the center of his palms. Behind her, Rochester broke contact to open the buttons of his fly and pull his hardening cock free. He moved the tip of it against her ass, teasing her opening before moving deeper. She groaned as his thick cock slipped into her wet pussy. His hands joined Owen's on her breasts and she threw her head back, laying it against Rochester's shoulder, leaning into the superior officer as his hips began a slow, steady motion. His cock slid in and out of her while four hands massaged her breasts and tugged at her nipples.

Owen stepped back, grinning at her as Rochester fucked her from behind. She watched as he unbuttoned his shirt and dropped it to the ground. His chest was broad and smooth, every muscle clearly defined. He didn't take his eyes off of her as he opened his fly and slid his white pants to his ankles. He stepped out of them, curled his hand around his long cock, and began stroking it up and down. Her eyes were fixed on him as Rochester's bucking lifted her from the ground.

Rochester bit the side of her neck and sucked as Owen stepped up again. He bent to lick each of her nipples, and then sucked one of her breasts into his mouth. She was moaning louder now, Rochester grunting in her ear with each forward thrust he made. Owen moved his hand between her legs, slipping his fingers between her slick, stretched lips and finding her hard clit. He began rubbing it in a steady motion, watching her face as the double sensation of his hand and Rochester's cock pushed her higher. His fingers teased, stroking in circles till he thought she was about to cum and then stopping. Together, they brought her to the brink three times without pushing her over the top before Rochester gave a sharp growl and exploded inside her. Rochester's black hands roughly gripped her breasts as he shot into her, his fingertips biting into her supple flesh hard enough that she knew she would have bruises the next morning.

Rochester backed away, leaning against a table as he panted to catch his breath. Owen also backed away, his hand around his thick cock as she tried to maintain her balance. She stepped toward him with a smile, her arms reaching for him, her mouth leaning in for another kiss. He easily stepped away with a teasing smile. She tried a second time to close the distance, but he again evaded her mouth. "Please," she whispered.

"Please what?" he asked, keeping his mouth away from hers. 

"Please, fuck me. Make me cum," she whimpered.

"Mmmm," he muttered, leaning toward her ear. "I think you need to beg for it." He put a little pressure on her shoulder and she sank to her knees. He smiled at Rochester across the room as she wrapped her hand around the base of his cock. She began licking the length of it, base to tip, and then swirling around the swollen, purple head. She repeated the process until she had bathed his entire hard penis with her tongue. Her hand moved to his balls, cupping them and squeezing them gently as she wrapped her lips around his manhood. He placed his hand behind her head, holding her in place but allowing her to set the pace for now. Across the room, Rochester had recovered but was still leaning against the table. He was playing with his cock while he watched, bringing it slowly back to attention.

Owen placed his other hand behind her head, stroking her hair gently as she sucked softly. He winked at Rochester and suddenly thrust forward, driving all seven inches into her mouth and throat, his balls slapping her chin. Her eyes popped open in surprise but she took it without difficulty. Holding her head still, he began thrusting in and out of her stretched lips, dragging his hot flesh across tongue and lips. Everytime he pulled back, she sucked him back in, her mouth milking his cock.

He closed his eyes, focusing all his attention on her hungry mouth and all his energy on his thrusting hips. He was grunting with each forward thrust, the sound of her wet mouth clinging to him echoing in the room. He pushed himself into her throat with every thrust, the head popping in and out. He threw his head back, pulling her head forward hard with his hands, crushing her face against his abdomen as he groaned low and loud and shuddered, his cock erupting in her mouth and throat. She swallowed as much as she could, but milky cum leaked around her lips and dripped onto her breasts as he pulled out, both panting harshly.

Rochester did not give her time to recover. He knelt in front of her, his thick cock fully hard again. He grabbed her head and pulled her down, forcing it into her throat and holding there. On her hands and knees now, she started sucking softly, rubbing her tongue over his cock. She was still struggling to breath, occasionally trying to suck air in around the package in her mouth.

Owen did not take long to recover. He knelt behind her as she sucked Rochester's dick, pushing her skirt to her waist. Her caressed her raised ass gently, tracing the curves with his large hands. She wiggled against him, every nerve in her body sensitive and taut. He pulled back his hand and smacked her pale ass. The sound echoed through the room. She jerked a little, pushing Rochester's cock deeper. Owen caressed the red mark his hand had left, and then slapped it again in the exact same spot. Her body arched this time. He didn't hesitate. He smacked the same spot three times in quick succession. She moaned loudly, though the sound was muffled by Rochester's cock. The vibration sent shivers through the Ensign and he grabbed her head, pulling her closer to him. Owen rubbed the red spot on her ass with one hand, and then slipped it between her legs. 

His fingers danced along her damp lips and she squirmed desperately, trying to bring him into contact with her sensitive clit. He placed his cock between her slick lips, not entering her but gliding it back and forth. She moaned and Rochester began moving faster as he thrust in and out of her mouth. Owen pulled back and positioned the head of his cock at the opening of her tight rosebud. He pushed in slowly, his body trembling as she closed around him. A deep groan came from her throat and she dropped her head, Rochester's cock slipping out of her mouth as Owen slid deeper. Rochester slapped her face with his cock, her left cheek and then her right, over and over as she groaned louder. 

Owen made the final push to bury himself completely and paused, his cock throbbing inside her as he allowed her to adjust. He put his hands on her breasts, and pulled her upright. He bit her neck and roughly massaged her full globes. Rochester shifted forward and guided his cock to her pussy, thrusting into her stretched opening and driving his entire shaft into her in one fluid motion.

Sonia lay her head on Owen's shoulder, panting as her body adjusted to the two massive cannons inside her. Rochester began moving first, sliding his long cock in and out. Owen followed, moving in time with Rochester so that she was never empty. She opened her mouth, a keening sound emitting from her throat. As the two sailors began moving quicker, working in tandem, she grew louder. Her cries of pleasure and desperation encouraged them to move faster and deeper. She screamed at the ceiling as she crested at last, the sound echoing off the metal walls. Rochester came first, following her explosion quickly. Owen held on for a few more moments, rolling her breasts in his hands and leaving a series of bites on her shoulders and neck. With a deep grunt, he released his load into her.

As they came apart, each struggling for breath, they became aware that the door to the storage room was open and three sailors were looking inside. "Damn," one of them said with a slow country accent. "We thought somebody was dying in here." His eyes swept over Sonia, lying on the floor with her eyes closed. "Or maybe there was. Did ya'll fuck her to death or save some for the rest of us?"

Rochester stood and rifled through his clothing until he found a pack of cigarettes. He lit one and took a long draw from it. He watched her while he allowed the nicotine to settle him. She opened her still glazed eyes and they landed on him. His lips curled into a half grin. "I think she would enjoy that, Pierce. I think she would enjoy that very much." Either because she was still too stunned to refuse or because she was willing, Sonia said nothing.

The three sailors made their way into the room as Rochester tossed Owen the pack of cigarettes. Owen leaned against the wall and lit up as Pierce led the way. The country boy knelt between Sonia's legs, gliding his hands over her smooth calves. "The bitches love fleet week," he muttered as his hands reached her hips. The other men in the room chuckled softly. Pierce's hands moved to her buttocks, lifting her toward him as he bowed his head. "Rub a dub dub, thanks for the grub," he whispered before slipping his tongue between her pink lips. He licked gently, his tongue tasting her damp juices and caressing her tender walls.

It took a few minutes before she began to respond, her body still numb from the double assault that Rochester and Owen had just delivered. Eventually, Pierce's dancing tongue penetrated the haze and her breathing changed. She moaned softly, a slight tremor running through her body. Pierce grinned against her pussy. "Thata girl." 
