 The best part of walking your dog in this neighborhood is that you meet other people out doing the same thing. Almost everyone is friendly and we all stop to chat, but two stand out. Leslie is a tall, thin blonde with a crazy white boxer dog, and Karen has an enormous malamute. They stand out because they don’t just stand and chat--they flirt. In fact, I had fooled around with at different points in the past year, which made the flirting even more fun. On this day, however...

===================================================================

Moments after Karen came down from her first orgasm with another woman, Leslie returned their attention to me. My shirt was already off, and as I stood up from the couch where I’d been cradling Karen, Leslie’s hands made quick work of the rest of my clothes. 

She snorted with laughter when she saw the aching erection I was sporting when my boxer briefs hit the floor. “See, Karen...he’s clearly been suffering!” she said with an evil smirk. Then she pushed me down next to Karen again.

Since Lesie was so busy setting the pace, our shy neighbor didn’t question her when she found herself tugged upright and onto her feet. For a moment, their contrasting bodies were framed above me: Leslie’s slender blonde one with pale skin and dark blue panties clinging to her firm ass, and Karen’s more voluptuous curves set off by satiny white panties with a damp center. Then Leslie gave Karen a playful squeeze, breast to breast, and turned her toward me once again. Together, they knelt down on the soft rug in front of the couch, and I splayed my thighs wide apart to make room.

Predictably, it was Leslie who got things rolling. She took a firm grip on the base of my cock and squeezed tightly. A glistening drop of pre-cum appeared at the top, and her tongue flicked out to collect it. Karen knelt there silently, her eyes wide.

“You were right about how nice it is, Karen,” said Leslie as if I wasn’t there. “I didn’t really get to see the whole thing when I had my little thing with Steve.”

Slowly, Karen reached out and grasped my rigid cock as well. Her hand slid up and down its length, each stroke bringing out a fresh clear drop. With the lubrication I was providing, her motion began to feel better and better.

“Do you remember how good he tastes?” asked Leslie softly, looking at Karen. 

She nodded.

“I think Steve would love to have the two of us tasting him at the same time, don’t you?”

Karen’s eyes widened, but she nodded again, uncertain what to do. Leslie tugged with her hand and my cock pointed toward Karen, quivering with readiness.

“Taste him...we have to make him feel good now!” Leslie said in the same gentle voice.

After a moment’s hesitation, Karen leaned forward and lapped slowly across the broad head, getting a good taste of me. She groaned softly and then sank down further, taking several inches into her mouth. Her tongue snaked along the bottom side of my shaft, and she began to rise and fall in a steady motion, sucking hard on the way up and working me with her tongue on the way down. I slumped back against the couch cushions, savoring the feeling.

Leslie’s voice reached me through my haze of pleasure, “Good...that’s so good, Karen. Look how much he’s enjoying what you’re doing.”

Karen paused at the top of her stroke and peeked up at my face. I grinned happily at her.

“That feels so amazing, Karen,” I murmured. “You’re so damn sexy!”

Leslie winked at me so that Karen couldn’t see, approval obvious in her smirk. “You know what would feel even better for him, don’t you?” she asked our neighbor persuasively. “I think he needs to feel you on top of him...I think you want that, too, don’t you Karen?”

With her hand still idly stroking my shaft, Karen looked back and forth between the two of us.

“This is about doing what feels good, remember? It’s just about having some fun. You had some fun with me, and you liked it...now climb up there and have some fun with Steve! You said he felt amazing inside you and you came really hard, right?”

“I did...” Karen admitted.

“Well, get up there and get off again! I know he wants to make you feel good, and I know for damn sure he’s going to enjoy it, too!”

To move things along, Leslie stood abruptly. She tugged Karen up by the hand, then kissed her quickly on the lips. “You’re allowed to feel good, Karen...remember?”

Before Karen could respond, Leslie’s hands went to the waistband of her panties. She knelt, drawing the scrap of silky white steadily down over her thighs, pausing at her feel while Karen stepped out of them. I could feel her resistance crumbling, and Leslie helped things along by sliding her hands back up the inside of Karen’s legs. When her pinkies bumped against Karen’s pussy, I could hear a soft, liquid rustle. She was ready.

The couch was plenty wide for both of us, so I twisted around to lay full length along it. Reaching up, I grabbed Karen’s hand and urged her toward me. She didn’t exactly hop on, but she let herself be led forward, and when her knees brushed the cushion, she braced herself with one hand on the back of the couch, then stepped over my legs with one foot. She settled herself in a kneeling position over my groin, looking down at me. Her breasts hung enticingly above my head, and I knew she was almost ready.

Leslie, crafty as always, insinuated herself into the situation perfectly. She knelt by my feet and reached under Karen, grabbing my cock firmly and pointing it straight up. Her other hand trailed down Karen’s back, traced the line between her buttocks, and then slid along the length of her pussy, spreading its moisture all around. She then pushed down on Karen’s ass, letting her know it was time to take me inside her.

When Karen’s curls brushed against my straining tip, I arched my hips upward eagerly. This drove my cock an inch into her, and the familiar clasping heat enveloped me. A gasp burst from her lips, and with a long groan, she sank down all the way, meshing our pubes together. Her hands came to rest on my shoulders, and I studied her blissful face.

“That’s it,” said Leslie happily. “Now you can both feel good!”

Karen began to circle her hips, which felt incredible. Fortunately, it also wasn’t enough up-and-down to bring on my orgasm, so I could pace myself and let her enjoy the ride fully. To help that along, I reached up and filled my hands with her succulent breasts. My palms took their weight, and my thumbs and forefingers lined up to pinch and tug on her nipples.

Although I was pretty well lost in the moment, I couldn’t help but notice movement down by my feet again. Leslie was arranging herself behind Karen, almost spooning her. One hand on the couch’s back held her in place, and I saw her other hand appear in front of Karen then. Deftly, she began circling Karen’s belly, just above her mound. Her lips went to Karen’s neck, and I know Karen could feel Leslie’s tight little nipples and firm breasts trailing across her back.

When Leslie’s hand dropped lower, Karen began to whimper with pleasure. I’m sure she was getting extra stimulation from our experience and wonderfully bisexual neighbor, and her motions sped up almost immediately.

As I remembered from our earlier experience, Karen began to let out a series of small “yes...yes...yes!” as her orgasm approached. I started to push up into her to add some more intensity, and Leslie’s fingers were vibrating rapidly at the base of her mound. Poor Karen--she didn’t stand a chance! Fingers on her clit, a cock deep inside her, heavy stimulation of her breasts and nipples, and soft lips against her neck--she was about to have the best orgasm of her life!

With a few final desperate circles of her hips, Karen got her reward. Her back arched, and an explosive “OH, GOD YES!” burst from her lips. I saw Leslie’s hand pulling hard against her pussy and the other wrapped around her waist from behind, holding them close together while Karen’s whole body shivered and twitched. Lying motionless below her, I simply held her hips and watched a deep flush creep across her chest--I could see the pulse fluttering in her throat. With each long shiver, a burst of wetness enveloped my cock--she couldn’t squirt because we were so tightly joined together, but her juices were flooding her pussy with each wave of pleasure. 

Slowly, Karen’s back relaxed, and I could see her chest heaving as she began to catch her breath. Her body slumped forward onto me, and for a moment, she snuggled her head into the crook of my neck lovingly, her hands still holding my shoulders. However, when I gave a gentle thrust to remind her that my cock was still inside her, she groaned and her hips pulled back a bit.

“I think our friend is a wee bit sensitive right now!” Leslie said with a laugh.

Karen propped herself up on one elbow to look at both of us. She looked happy, tired, worried, and apologetic all at the same time. “I don’t think I can take any more...I’m sorry.”

Leslie chuckled. “Been there! Why don’t you climb off and let me finish him off?”

Karen nodded agreeably and started to rise from the couch, but Leslie--as usual--had other ideas. “No, no--stay there. Just push back against the cushions, and Steve, you scootch out a little bit so she can fit.”

I had no idea what she was thinking, but her seduction plan had worked out amazingly well so far, and I wasn’t going to argue! I moved as requested, and Karen stayed alongside me, her head level with my shoulder. Leslie took a firm grip on my cock once more and squeezed mercilessly, cutting off the blood flow and making me throb with every heartbeat. Karen watched wide-eyed once more as Leslie bent over at the waist and effortlessly swallowed the full length of my cock. Sucking hard, she traveled slowly back up to the head and lashed it with her tongue.

Breaking off for a moment, she looked right into Karen’s eyes and whispered, “You taste so good!” in a sexy voice. 

Karen blushed and looked down for a moment, then looked back up and smiled a little bit. “Are you going to...use your mouth on him?” 

Leslie smiled back at her. “I was thinking about it, but you looked so happy riding him that I kinda want to try that myself. Is that OK?”

Karen nodded, but then amazed us both when she asked quietly, “Can I taste you after?”

“Absolutely,” Leslie assured her with a grin. Then she stood up straight and gracefully slid her panties down her slender legs. When she stood up, she revealed her full body to us proudly. Her breasts stood high and firm, the nipples crinkled tight with excitement. Her belly was flat and smooth, setting off the curves of her slim hips and the long muscles of her thighs. Best of all, she was shaved smooth, and we could both see a glint of moisture on the dark pink of her vagina. She pinched a nipple with one hand and let the other trail down her belly, across her mound, and on to her opening. Two fingers worked back and forth, dipping into herself just a bit every once in a while to spread her juices around.

Meanwhile, I lay there silently, drinking in the beauty above me and enjoying the soft warmth of the woman beside me. Karen was gazing raptly at Leslie as well, her eyes glued to the slender fingers as they prepared her pussy for the next event. Unthinkingly, Karen’s free hand grabbed my erection and stroked it up and down, holding it perpendicular to my body and using her thumb to spread the slippery drops I was producing around and around the crown.

With a quick move, Leslie straddled me, tucking her knees in beside my waist. She was careful not to dislodge Karen’s hand, though, and before she let me enter her, she said to Karen, “Hold him right there--I want to feel your hand also!” She gave Karen a quick kiss, then turned to me.

“Are you ready, Steve?”

My cock pulsed with anticipation. “So fucking ready!”

Leslie eased her hips down, and I felt myself sinking into her incredible tightness. Two inches were in. She rose up, biting her lip in concentration, and descended again, taking another inch before pausing.

“It’s been a long time since I had a cock inside me!” she explained.

“I can tell!” I said happily, grabbing her hips with both hands.

Again, Leslie bit her lip, and again, she lowered herself onto me. Two more inches went in, and her clit bumped against Karen’s hand, wringing a moan of pleasure from her.

I was impatient after all the foreplay, eager to get fully inside my sexy neighbor and to feel the full grip of her velvety pussy. I thrust upward and pulled down with my hands, driving into her deeply and mashing Karen’s knuckles into Leslie’s clit once more. Another moan escaped.

Getting the hint, Leslie took the initiative and with her eyes half-lidded with lustful concentration, she rose and fell on my shaft. At the top of her movement, her delicate labia just barely held me inside her. At the bottom, I was fully engulfed and Karen’s hand was flat between us, her thumb stimulating the base of my cock and the back of her hand providing a series of bumps for Leslie to grind herself into. Faster and faster she rode, and I could feel myself getting closer and closer to orgasm. I breathed deeply, trying to hold off and let her get there first, but it wasn’t easy!

Leslie, however, knew how excited I was and entered the race fully aware that it might be over soon. To help herself along, she grabbed her own breasts and pinched her nipples, tugging them mercilessly as she bounced up and down and swiveled her hips on me. Her breathing became ragged gasps with each stroke, and I heard her start to murmur, “fuck...fuck...fuck!” under her breath in time with her riding.

“Fuck, Leslie...I’m gonna cum!” I warned her abruptly, feeling the perilous fluttering in my balls.

“That’s good...I can feel...your cock...getting bigger!” she said joyfully. 

When I finally exploded, my hips flew off the couch as my back arched. Deep in Leslie’s pussy, my cock pulsed and spurt after spurt of semen pumped against her cervix. The sudden heat and throbbing inside her set Leslie off as well, and she pushed down as hard as she could and froze, her clit jammed tight against Karen’s hand. I could feel her inner muscles rippling with her orgasm, milking every drop from me. I opened my eyes to watch her, and Karen did as well. For a long minute, Leslie sat bolt upright, barely breathing, while tremor after tremor raced through her lithe body. Her cheeks, her breasts, and her chest flushed crimson, and her short, silky hair was sweaty and tangled around her face.

Finally, my hips relaxed, and Leslie’s orgasm began to wane. She fell slowly forward onto me as Karen had done earlier, and she kissed me savagely, driving her tongue into my mouth and squeezing my cock as hard as she could.

Next, she turned to Karen, whose face was only inches away, and kissed her more lovingly.

“Did you cum that hard?” Leslie asked with a smile.

“I think so,” Lesie answered quietly. “I couldn’t help it with both of you helping me!”

Leslie kissed her again, then lifted her hips. My deflating cock fell out of her, and she moved neatly out of the way, leaning back against the arm of the couch opposite me. Her legs stayed open, and her beautiful pussy gaped at us, a pearly drop gathering at the bottom of her opening.

“All yours,” she said to Karen, nodding to indicate my softening erection.

Karen look uncertainly at it, but then seemed to make up her mind. She climbed up and over me, then knelt beside the couch and leaned down to lick the bottom of my shaft as it lay against my stomach. I groaned with pleasure, and my cock jumped against her tongue. Her next move was to tug it more or less upright with one hand and lick all around it like a rapidly-melting ice cream cone, her darting pink tongue getting every trace of our combined juices as she went.

When I was clean, she looked up at me proudly. “Did you like that?” she asked with a smile.

“I loved it!” I answered fervently.

“Do you like the way we taste?” asked Leslie from the other end of the couch.

“I do...I feel so sexy knowing I’m tasting Steve’s cum and your...pussy,” she said shyly.

In response, Leslie dipped two fingers into her pussy, then pulled them out, slick with both of our cum. She licked them clean, then did the same again and offered them to Karen. After only a moment’s hesitation, Karen accepted.

“Do you want to lick me clean as well, Karen?” asked Leslie in a seductive voice.

“Maybe...just a little, okay?” came the response.

Leslie let her foot slip off the couch, widening her thighs invitingly. Karen turned from me and got to work, her broad tongue lapping hesitantly and then with more confidence at Leslie’s sopping pussy. Leslie let her head fall back ecstatically and let her neighbor go to town. Her eyes closed and she smiled happily. I could see a smug expression just below the surface, and thinking back over the last hour, I knew why!