 AUTHOR'S NOTE:

Thanks to all the readers who have stuck with this series over more than a year. Sorry for the delay in posting new chapters, but I like to get them written in groups, to keep the story flowing.

If you are new to the series, chapter five and ten should get you up to speed.

As always, civil comments welcome. 

*

As he stepped into the house his ears were treated to the sound of female laughter, hearty and deep, and he smiled lightly to himself as he discerned two voices; the lighter, higher pitch belonging to his wife, and the throatier sultry one. Dropping his briefcase in haste, he felt the anticipation course through him as he strode anxiously into the den, almost afraid to wish for what he might find. But as he took the short stairs down to the den and turned his eyes were treated to the vision of Rhonda and Danielle, sitting casually at the pub table, each with a glass of wine, their laughter only now subsiding to giggles. He grinned and saw his wife's eyes tearing as she tried to regain control of her breathing.

"Hello, Walt," Danielle chirped. Her head hung down between her shoulders regarding him from under half closed eyes, her dark, luxurious lashes conveying a smoldering, lively passion that seemed to always be present. She glanced at Rhonda, caught her gaze. "We were just talking," she stated with hidden meaning, and they broke out in renewed snickers. Rhonda got up to greet him, her smile broad and fixed, and he felt the smile on her lips as she kissed him, her hands at his sides, pulling him into her. They broke the kiss, and she moved to her seat.

"Let me get you a glass of wine," she giggled, "you've got some catching up to do." Walt pulled out a chair adjacent to Rhonda and went to sit, greeting Danielle who sat across from him.

"What, I don't get a proper hello?" she asked, lifting an eyebrow, her mouth curling up on one side.

"Walt, don't be rude, greet our guest properly!" Rhonda admonished, and Walt stood and walked around the table to the younger girl and took her by the shoulders. She turned her head and lifted her face to look at him, her soft blonde curls dancing around her face.

"It's very nice to see you again, Danielle," he told her, and leaned down to kiss her, his lips brushing hers lightly at first, then parting when he felt her tongue slip out between hers, teasing with his own. He pressed the kiss deeper, and felt her hand on his chest, stroking him through his shirt as he held her, their tongues dueling.

"Wow, you guys look so hot like that," he heard Rhonda admiring intently, and heard Danielle give an appreciative moan into his mouth before pulling back. He saw her lick her lips.

"Now, that's a proper welcome," she grinned, and turned to Rhonda. "He is such a good kisser," she told her, then turned back to Walt, raising a hand to his face. "Such nice lips for a man; so nice to kiss."

"They're good at other things, too," Rhonda chimed in. Walt took his seat and raised his glass. "Here's to friends, and fun," he toasted, and the ladies sipped, passing glances over the top of their glasses. He caught them looking at each other, and put his glass down. "Okay," he asked, "what's up with you two?"

They were silent, looking at each other, then they burst out in giggles again. He waited patiently, enjoying the sound as it rolled over him, and then asked, "Do you mind filling me in?"

"Sorry, Walt," Rhonda began, getting control of herself. "We're about two glasses ahead of you, and we were talking, you know, about last time..."

"Rhonda called me," Danielle interjected, "she asked me if I was interested in another of your 'adventures', and I said sure. So she asked if I might stay overnight." he watched a look pass between them again. "Of course, I said I would."

Walt felt his anticipation rise, along with the bulge in his pants. "Really? That's great!" he grinned at her, glanced to his wife, and then addressed Danielle again. "So, what, you were just sitting here waiting for me to get home?" His eyes narrowed. "You seem awfully giddy."

Rhonda put her hand on his forearm. "Girl talk, honey. Trust me, we didn't start without you."

"Not that we wouldn't have, if you'd been any later!" Danielle quipped.

"Looks like I'm playing catch-up in more ways than one!" Walt added.

They sat and talked and sipped a little while longer, catching up on mundane life issues, the nuts and bolts of their daily lives. Walt mentioned how things had recently been rough at work, and described the difficulties it had caused in their lives. Things were better now, a more normal demand of his attention. Rhonda said that had already discussed Frank and the threesome.

"Oh, so that's what all the girl talk and giggling was about," he guessed, and they just smiled at each other, leaving him out of the joke. He turned to the younger girl, seeing her looking at his wife with that secret smile. "You should've seen her, Dee; she was a wild woman, so passionate, so wonderful."

"Walt," Danielle replied, looking directly into his eyes, her blues twinkling with a half smile, "I am so looking forward to seeing how passionate she can be!"

*

Walt watched as the younger woman held his wife from behind, her sparkling blue eyes peeking at him from over her shoulder. Rhonda's eyes were closed and her head hung lazily back on Danielle, her arms down and behind her as she stroked the younger woman's hips. Danielle's hands slowly caressed Rhonda's belly, working their way up under her shirt, bunching it up to expose her flesh. One hand slipped out and moved higher then, sliding up to her breast, fondling it lightly. A moan slipped from Rhonda's lips, and her tongue protruded from the corner of her mouth, the tip playing at her lip.

"You wife is so hot," Danielle whispered into Rhonda's ear, pretending to tell Walt, but really speaking directly to his wife. "She has wonderful breasts," she continued, "I can feel her nipple getting hard under my hand." Walt watched as Danielle planted a soft kiss on his wife's ear; watched a tremble run through her as Rhonda responded to the younger girl's caress. Her hands pushed the shirt up over her breasts, exposing them to Walt. The image made them more enticing, as though he were seeing them anew, watching the slender fingers with painted nails trailing softly over his wife's bare breasts.

"She wants your cock, Walt," she hissed, barely audible to Walt as he sat on the bed, watching them just a few feet away. "I bet her shaved pussy is dripping wet for you." another moan slipped from Rhonda as he watched her thighs clench together, betraying the truth of their friend's words. Danielle's hands pulled the soft cotton tee shirt from the bottom and slipped it up, over Rhonda's head. His wife shook her hair out, as Danielle's hands returned to her breasts, fondling her nipples now, drawing them out to hard prominence with two fingers and a thumb, pulling them, extending them. Walt took a deep breath and reached for his pants, undoing them, and slipping his hard cock out. It stood erect in his lap.

"Yes, let her see the cock that's going to fuck her, she wants it," she hissed into Rhonda's ear. "Come here, Walt, take her pants down; see her wet cunt, see how wet she is for your cock."

Walt slipped of the bed to his knees in front of his wife, removed his own pants first, and reached for the waistband of her jeans. As he opened the snap and pulled the zipper down he could smell her arousal. He reached for the sides and began pulling them off her hips, taking her panties with them. Rhonda wriggled her hips to assist, and then he held them at her ankles as the stepped out of them, now naked in front of him. Danielle's hands slid down Rhonda's torso to the hot center between her legs, stroking her inner thighs, then digging between them and pulling her sex open, angling her hips back against herself, spreading her wide.

"Look at her, Walt, see how hot she is for your cock, see how wet her cunt it."

Rhonda's head still hung back, and Walt's eyes were drawn to her open pussy, held open by the younger woman. He gazed at it, seeing as if for the first time the color of her opening, the pooling of her slick lubrication at the creases of her spread labia held apart by slim fingers, the gentle protrusion of her inner lips, her tiny pee hole, the glaze of wetness, and the shining erect button at the top, beckoning him. His breath caught in his throat for a second as he absorbed the beauty of his wife's yearning, shown to him by another woman. He glanced up to see Danielle looking down at him over the crest of his wife's breast, her eyes hard and glistening, reflecting the desire welling inside him. It struck him that he was being seduced by Danielle, but she was using Rhonda to do it. Or was she seducing Rhonda, and using Walt? He didn't care. Holding Danielle's gaze, he eased forward, planting a soft kiss on Rhonda's clit, then dropping his head slightly and extending his tongue. He watched the blonde girl whispering to his wife as he touched his tongue to the bottom of her slit, scooping the pooled juices there, and slowly dragged his wet tip upwards.

"Oh, Ronnie, I can see his tongue on your pussy, your juices are on his tongue, fuck; he's licking your hot cunt so nice." He felt Rhonda's hips pulse as he passed her opening, and again as he slowly, slowly, reached her clit; pausing a second, applying slight pressure, then removing his tongue. He pulled back and stood.

"Watch me, baby," Danielle told his wife softly, and Walt saw her raise her head and open her eyes as he moved closer, extending his head over her shoulder to kiss Danielle. Their lips met, and opened, and his pussy slicked tongue entered her mouth and she sucked the tip, sharing a taste of his wife's heat and lust, moaning into Walt's mouth. She pulled away, and saw Danielle's hand turning Rhonda's head, turning it into her own, and he watched them kiss, knowing that Danielle was sharing her taste of Rhonda's pussy. His body was pressed against his naked wife, and he felt her swoon in the kiss, watched their tongues touching and dancing.

He stepped away and pulled his shirt off, and noticed Danielle was still fully clothed as the women broke their kiss. Danielle still stood behind Rhonda, one hand on her breast, the other playing at her pussy as his wife squirmed. "Oh, fuck, I need his cock," she told the younger girl, "please, let him fuck me. I need him to fuck me, now,"

Danielle's head turned to him, but she held her lips close to Rhonda's ear. "The last time I was here," she said softly, "Ronnie watched you fuck me. This time," she added, releasing his wife's body, "I want to watch you fuck her." He reached for his wife's hand and stepped back to the bed, sitting on the edge, his hard cock jutting up from his lap, throbbing and leaking his pre-cum at the tip. He pulled Rhonda to him and she stepped around his legs, opening her thighs, her swollen lips poised above his cock. Her heavy breathing was matched by his own, and he put his hands on the gentle curve at the top of her hips. She reached between them and grabbed his shaft, guiding his head as she lowered herself, the wet spongy head easily slipping inside her, and she released him and dropped her weight onto his thighs, impaling herself on him.

She let out a groan as she was filled, and he sighed with the velvet encapsulation of her sheath sliding over him. She put her hands on his shoulders and rested her head in the crook of his neck; he felt her kisses, and then a gentle bite as she snuggled her full weight down onto him, settling him inside her.

"Oh, that's so fucking hot," he heard, and looked over his wife's shoulder to see Danielle stripping off her clothes. He watched as she disrobed quickly, absorbing the vision of her slim frame, her smallish succulent breasts and hard pointy nipple, her shaved pussy. She smiled at him as she stepped naked behind his wife, wrapping her arms around Rhonda's body from behind. Danielle kissed along the bones at Rhonda's shoulders as Walt felt hands slip to his cock, gripping the base as his wife rose and lowered herself on his shaft.

"He's so hard for you," she murmured into Rhonda's ear, "his cock feels so good all wet from your hot cunt!" Rhonda shuddered on his lap at the words, and then Danielle's face slipped below his sight behind her. He concentrated on his cock, slipping easily inside her, feeling the velvet slick tunnel stroking him. He craned his head up to kiss Rhonda, and in the middle of it, she stiffened and gasped in his mouth.

"Oh, Walt, she's licking my asshole," she hissed urgently, "her tongue is in my ass, fuck; it's so good!"

He stared into her face, their heads inches apart. He felt her hot breath on his face as she spoke. "You like that tongue in your ass, don't you, Ronnie?" he asked, breathily. "You like when I do it. You like it while you're fucking me? You like it when it's her tongue instead of mine?"

"Fuck, yeah, it's incredible; Walt, she's pushing it in, fuck, she's fucking my ass with her tongue while you're fucking my pussy with your cock!" Her lips met his, mashing into his face, her tongue spearing into his mouth, their saliva and hot breath mixing together in uncontrolled passion. Again Walt was astounded at how the younger girl was using each of them to arouse the other, urging his wife to enjoy his cock, and displaying his wife's arousal to stimulate him.

Rhonda's face was pressed against his, not kissing now, but lips and mouth pressed against his as they panted and groaned their coupling. He had his arms behind her, pressing her body into his, and felt the sweat on her back, and rubbing on his chest, her exertions on his cock heating her body. Then Danielle's face joined theirs, pressing in close.

"Her ass is delicious, Walt," she whispered to both of them, and pressed her tongue between their lips. Walt sucked at her slim muscle, and felt his arousal jump when Rhonda pushed his face aside to monopolize Danielle's mouth, sucking her ass from the younger girls tongue. His head swam, and then Rhonda pulled away in a gasp.

"Oh, fuck, her finger!" she exclaimed, and we watched her look into Danielle's eyes, silent, her mouth hanging open.

"My fingers are in her ass Walt, m-mm, it's so tight, so hot. You like that, Rhonda? You like your tight little sweet ass fingered? Does Walt put his cock in there and fuck you?" She dipped her head and licked Rhonda's open mouth, then her face. "Do you take his big cock up your tight little hole?"

My god, Walt thought, she is one nasty, sexy woman! He could feel her fingers inside his wife, pressing against his cock from the other side, and he groaned.

"Ye- yes, he fucks my ass," Rhonda managed to sputter.

"I bet you love it. I bet you love getting your ass fucked as much as you are enjoying his cock in you right now." Her eyes narrowed. "I can feel his cock fucking you," she hissed, and Rhonda came, then, her climax spurred by the dirty goading and the stimulation of her cunt and ass. Walt felt her body tense and her mouth opened wordlessly as she stopped fucking him, her body frozen in a rictus of pleasure as the wave crested, and broke over her. He held her still, feeling the tension in her body until it passed, and then she slumped hard against him, her head on his shoulder.

Danielle stepped back from them, and helped Walt guide his wife's body off his lap and onto the bed, laying her on her back across the bed sideways. She climbed on after her, crawling to her head, facing her feet, and reached over Rhonda's body to grab her legs behind the knees, pulling her legs up and out. Rhonda's hips curled up with the action, and Walt looked at her pussy and ass, displayed and open for him. Her lips spread wide and wet, her ass more open than usual, her pucker glistening with a coating of saliva and her cum.

"Get that cock back here, Walt," Danielle said sternly, "so I can watch you fuck her." Needing no additional urging, Walt climbed between his wife's legs and aimed the head of his cock at her open hole, red and waiting. He slipped fully into her in one stroke, hearing Rhonda's sharp intake of breath as he penetrated her deep.

"Oh, fuck, Rhonda," Danielle admired, "you cunt looks so sexy getting fucked!" Walt pumped her at will now, slamming his cock into her, fucking for himself now, feeling the first stirrings of his orgasm. "I can see his cock pumping into you, fuck, that's so hot! Yeah! Give him your cunt, baby! Let him fuck you like you need it!" Walt looked up from Rhonda's pussy, and looked at the younger girl, naked at the other end of his wife. Her head was lowered, her long lashes raised to look back at him. "She loves your cock, Walt, she loves you fucking her," she told him. "She's so hot, isn't she, Walt?"

"Fucking ... Hot!" Walt managed between grunts.

"You wanna see just how hot she is?"

Walt looked at her, a smile playing on her lips, curling slightly at the corners of her mouth, creating dimples in her cheeks. He slowed his thrusts, trying to hold off his imminent climax. And he watched as the younger woman adjusted her position, scooting forward until her bare pussy was over his wife's face. She leaned back slightly, thrusting her hips forward, spreading herself open for his view.

"She's hot enough to do this," Danielle announced softly, and lowered her wet, shaved pussy to Rhonda's face. Walt's eyes nearly jumped out of his head, and he froze momentarily, awaiting the resistance, and then was stunned to see his wife's mouth open, and her tongue extend, and he saw her lick the other girl's cunt.

His arousal jumped to a whole new level and he stopped his hips, holding himself inside and halting his stimulation. He watched his wonderful, erotic and sexy wife lick the wet pussy above her head, saw the underside of her tongue stretch as she entered the younger girl's opening, watched her lips wrap themselves on the delicate labia and suck. His mouth hung open; he was panting in his excitement, thrilled at the erotic spectacle of his wife's lesbian experience.

His reverie was shaken as Danielle leaned into him, pulling his head to hers. Her perfectly white teeth shone in her hot smile as her eyes danced into his, and she spoke clearly, defining her sentence with diction that turned each word into a delectable treat.

"You hot wife," she drew out, "your sexy, hot slut of a woman," her tongue licked her upper lip, "is licking my cunt!"

He groaned, and she leaned in to kiss him, her mouth open on his, her tongue reaching out to find his as he resumed his movement, cramming his cock fully into his wife, pumping madly as his climax built, and threatened, and then exploded. He shouted into Danielle's mouth with the same force that he blasted his cum into his wife, grunting with each pulsing spurt, jerking his body in time with the ejaculate.

He finished, and slowed, lazily stroking himself in and out of her cum-slicked hole, feeling the silky lava sensation around his shaft. Danielle pulled her face from his, and gently pushed him back, away from his wife. His cock slipped out, covered in their juices, and he looked at her, still wriggling on his wife's face. She was looking down between Rhonda's legs, and he thought she was looking at his cock, but when he pulled backwards her eyes stayed fixed, and then he knew she was looking at Rhonda's oozing red pussy. He pulled further back and out of the way, and he watched her soft blond ringlets cascade to the sides of her head as she lowered her body, prone over his wife, and settled her face between Rhonda's raised thighs.

For a few minutes he sat back on the bed and watched, but unlike porn flicks, there was no pulling the hair away and showing what they were doing. From his vantage point he could see Danielle's head moving slightly between Rhonda's thighs, her hands wrapped around her legs, her blonde curls bouncing. He wondered if she was licking her clit or licking his cum out of her. He got off the bed and stood at the foot, admiring their bodies stretched sideways across the bed, Rhonda's hands at Danielle's ass, seeing the swell of the side of their breasts as they pressed their naked forms together.
