 My lover and I head out for a night of teasing and fun at a local strip club. The women are hot and beautiful at this club and he knows that looking at gorgeous breasts makes me wet and wild, and tonight is no exception. He also knows that when I am hot and bothered, I will please him for hours when we are alone later.

The place is unusually empty when we walk in. We find a secluded booth by the side of the main stage. The only other people there are the bartender, a cocktail waitress and three men sitting alone at separate tables by the edge of the stage. 

Once we are seated we order drinks and then settle in for what will be a wild night. I have on a short black dress, simple and sexy. I sit close to my lover as we watch the girls on stage. I can feel the wet warmth growing between my legs as I see pair after pair of beautiful breasts. 

A long haired brunette takes the stage as I lean in to kiss my lover. His lips are warm and moist, his tongue explores my mouth as he grabs the back of my neck pulling me closer. He is clearly as aroused as I am. I slide my hand up his leg and notice that his cock is already straining in his pants. I know just what he needs and wants and I am going to love giving it to him. 

I slowly unzip his pants and slide my hand into his boxers, gently stroking his cock, and then I work it free. I look around the bar to see if anyone is paying attention and once it is clear nobody is, I bend down and take the oozing tip of his cock into my mouth. I slide my lips seductively up and down his shaft, not forgetting to give his balls the attention they so lovingly deserve. I suck them into my mouth on every other pass down his shaft, rolling them in my mouth. His hands gently stroke my hair as I suck his cock, slowly and passionately. My pussy is aching for him to be inside me now though, so I quickly and covertly swing around so I am sitting on his lap, my back against his chest. He had not known until this second, but I was wearing no panties. 

I shift my hips so his immense cock slides between my nether lips and into my liquid cunt. As he sinks deep inside of me, I notice that the stripper on stage is watching us. 

She is a gorgeous long haired brunette with large natural breasts and she has the most beautiful nipples I have ever seen. Big, dark pink, round puffy nipples that I am now longing to have my lips on. She smiles at me when she sees I notice her gaze is on us. She knows. She knows we are fucking and that makes me even hotter, if that is even possible. 

My lover slides his lips and tongue along my neck and ears. I am in heaven. While he arouses my body, the stripper is doing a job on my mind. She seductively traces her hands along her breasts and down her stomach and finally between her legs. I want her hands to be mine. I want to be the one touching and arousing those perfect pink nipples. 

My pussy throbs and I can feel my own juices dripping down as my lover works his cock in and out of me. We are in perfect rhythm to the music. His hands firmly hold my hips down as he thrusts his huge thick cock up inside my creaming hole. I lean back against his chest as I can feel myself loosing it. My hands slide up my stomach up to my breasts and I massage my breasts. My nipples are hard and needing much more attention than they are getting. I want them free, so they can be kissed and sucked. I feel as though I am the one performing now. I am showing off for this gorgeous stripper. Having her eyes on me while I am being fucked is driving me insane. I am doing everything I can to not scream in ecstasy. 

When the song ends, the beautiful brunette on stage walks out of view. I look around the room, trying to see if anyone is aware that my lover and I are fucking. There were still only a few lone men in the club other than us, so everyone seems oblivious to our passionate display. Besides they are all more interested in the red head that is now on stage. 

My lover slides his hands up my thighs and pulls gently at my nether lips until he finds my throbbing clit. As his fingers gently rub tiny circles all around it, the buxom brunette appears and walks over to our table. We stop dead in our tracks, my lovers cock inside me frozen. Without a word, she sits down next to me. She is wearing a short skirt and tank top. She clearly has no bra underneath because her gorgeous hard nipples are poking out, tempting me. She smiles as she leans in and says, "may I join you?" 

Not even waiting for a reply, she leans in and kisses my lips passionately. She instantly takes my breath away. My lover resumes thrusting his cock into my red hot pussy as he watches the stripper kissing me. Her hands draw me to her as she grabs the back of my hair. Her mouth is sweet and hot. I am drunk with desire now. Then I feel her hands gliding down my arm and then reaching for my breasts. She massages my nipples through my clothing. I could care less at this point who is aware of what we are doing and I pull my dress aside to reveal my hard as pebbles nipples which she immediately begins to take into her lush full lips. I can feel my pussy begin to tighten as I feel like I am falling over the edge into orgasm, but I don't want this to end just yet.

I decide to see how receptive she is to my touch and I slide my hand up her thigh. She slowly parts her legs, happy to receive my fingers at her cunt. I gently work her soaking wet lips apart and eventually I slide a finger inside her creamy hole. She then moves back up to kiss my mouth and leans in against me. Her nipples touching mine. My lovers cock fills me to capacity as this display clearly is making him even hotter. She moans softly as I work more fingers into her throbbing pussy. Her hips thrust to meet my invading fingers and she gasps as my thumb finally finder her swollen clit which I massage gently causing her to arch her back, giving me the ideal vantage of those amazing nipples.

I slide my tongue down her neck between her heaving breasts before I engulf one of her sweet nipples into my hungry mouth. I lick and suck it until it stands at full attention before moving on to her other breast.

She reaches down between my legs and manages to slide a finger inside my already filled hole. The sensation of her finger inside me along with my lovers throbbing cock is almost more than I can bare without cumming in a wild orgasm. Judging from the panting of my lover, it is almost more than he can take as well. Almost instinctively she knows we are heading to the point of no return and she doesn't wan this ride to end any more than we do, so she withdraws her finger from inside my cunt, then brings it to her lips and licks my lover and my juices off of it. Apparently she likes what she tasted because she immediately bends down and buries her head into my pussy and begins to lap at my clit with her tongue. Suddenly I feel my lovers hands on my breasts, teasing my nipples, pinching and rolling them in his fingers. I can no longer stifle my moans and I begin to groan ins ecstasy. Her tongue licks my slit from my clit down to where my lovers cock enters me. All me senses are overwhelmed, I have to cum now.

My lover grabs the back of my hair and pulls it so I arch my back as he begins to cum inside me. I can feel his cock spasm and shoot his warm load inside me. The stripper sucks my clit into her lips and slides her finger back inside my cunt sending me into a writhing spasm. Now it's only fair that I make her cum as well.

While my lovers cock still spurts inside me I lean forward and push her into a reclining position and spread her legs. Her pussy glistens with sweet nectar as I dive in with my tongue. I trace circles around her clit then suck it into my mouth. I slide my tongue as deep as I can into her pink hole and she cums almost instantly in my mouth. After she stops shaking with pleasure I sit back up and lean back against my lover whose cock is now limp in my cunt and cum is running down my legs. .

She smiles and leans in to kiss me as she regains her composure and she whispers, "thank you. Please cum again, won't you..." and she walks off disappearing around the corner.