 You could tell that Brian and I were still turned on from our hot 69 by our semi hard cocks. I went over to the computer on the desk to log on and check our email. Brian brought over the envelope. Several replies had come in the mail. He started to read the first one to me. “This one sounds interesting,” he said. 

“I can’t tell you how wet I got when I read your personal ad. I consider myself bi (although I have not yet acted on it) and the thought to two men together; putting on a show for me had me playing with myself immediately. My boyfriend (who is also bi-curious) and I are in an open relationship. In fact, he encouraged me to send you this reply. He got so hot talking about it that I put on my strap-on dildo and made him suck it. He was taking it all the way in his mouth, licking and sucking on it and getting it very wet. I looked down and noticed that his cock was as hard as a rock. I quickly got some lube and had him bend over the couch so I could fuck him in the ass. After 10 minutes of stroking the strap on deep into him I suggested we change positions. I got on the couch and had him sit down on the strap on facing me. That way I could suck on his nipples and feel his cock on my stomach. That always makes him cum real hard. Right away I could feel the wet precum on his cock. Sure enough, after about 5 minutes he threw his head back with his eyes closed and came all over my chest. It was amazing! Then I had him lick up all the cum and share it with me. I hope this short story entices you two to pick me!  My telephone number is 555-8968 and I am usually home most evenings. Your hot bi-chick!!!” 

After Brian finished reading all I could say was “Wow she sounds perfect. Just what we were looking for! The strap-on is an added bonus. You know how much I love that! “ She had also enclosed a picture of herself, fully clothed, but with a lot of cleavage showing. “The picture looks great too”, I said

“Apparently so, judging by your very hard cock” said Brian. I looked down and sure enough, I was as hard as a rock. “Looks like it had the same effect on you” I said as I reached over and started to slide my hand up and down Brian’s cock. 

“I think we should definitely call her”, I said. “I couldn’t agree more”, replied Brian.  

Brian moved over next to me and started to play with my cock again as I dialed.  A female voice answered almost immediately. “Hi, I said, “ We are calling because you responded to our personal ad”. “We really enjoyed your letter and definitely think you are just what we are looking for” 

“I can’t believe it”, she responded. “My boyfriend just asked me 5 minutes ago if I had heard anything from you two.” “I told him not yet. Then we started talking about it and of course I started to get wet and he started to get hard” “As a matter of a fact he is sucking on my right nipple now as we talk” “Can you guess where his hands are?” she asked. 

“Hmmmm, let me think? I responded. “By the way, do you mind if I put you on the speaker phone?” I am here with my friend and I am sure he would like to participate in this conversation too” 

“Sure, no problem”, she replied. “I fact, we are going to do the same thing” 

I pressed the button on the speakerphone and replaced the receiver. Both Brian and I said hello. Our hot bi-chick’s name turned out to be Rachel and her boyfriend’s name was Brad. 

“Now that we have the introductions out of the way, I can answer your question” I said with a chuckle.  “My guess is that Brad’s hands are somewhere in the vicinity of your pussy!” 

“As a matter of a fact, he has two fingers inside me. His other hand is caressing and pinching my left nipple while he continues to suck and nibble on my right one” It sounded like Rachel’s breathing was becoming a little ragged. As if on cue, she let out a low moan. “ “Ohhhhhh, God I am so wet!” Rachel exclaimed. I could tell things were about to get hot and heavy. 

I looked over at Brian and noticed that his cock was already hard. He was running his hand up and down the shaft. It looked like there was already a drop of precum on the tip. 

“It looks like you are not the only one getting wet Rachel”, I said. “Brian cock is as hard as a rock and leaking precum” 

“Are you going to lick it?” Rachel asked. “As a matter of a fact I am”, I replied. I leaned over, stuck my tongue out and licked the drop of precum off the tip of his cock. Brian shuddered a little as I did it. 

“MmmmMmmmm goooooooood!!!” I said. “I have to get me some more of this” I changed places with Brian and had him sit in the chair while I knelt down between his legs. I let Brian continue the commentary as I took his cock into my mouth. It was so hard and hot and felt so good sliding in and out of my mouth as I bobbed my head up and down. 

“Ohhhhhhh Rachel, he is really driving me wild now”, said Brian. “He keeps taking more and more of my cock in his mouth with each stroke” He is swirling his tongue around the tip as he does it too” 

“If he doesn’t stop soon I will be cumming in his mouth again” said Brian. 

“Again?” asked Rachel. “Were you two boys playing before you called?” Brian quickly brought Rachel and Brad up to date on our earlier activities. I could hear Rachel gasp as Brian described the final moments just before we had cum together. 

“So having your finger in his ass made him cum hard?, asked Rachel. 

“You bet it did”, I replied, as I lifted my mouth off of Brian’s cock for a moment. “I love it in my ass. I have several strap-on dildos that I use frequently to get myself off. “

“Nothing beats a real, live hot cock though”, I added, as I looked up at Brian. He smiled broadly and started sliding his hand up and down his cock. 

“I love to fuck Brad in the ass with my strap-on”, replied Rachel. “Brad just went to get it for me so I can give him a good hard fucking”. “Is Brian going to fuck you in the ass too? asked Rachel. 

“You bet I am!”, exclaimed Brian. “My cock is so hard and I have been admiring that ass of his ever since I got here”. Brian reached down in the bag beside the phone and retrieved the bottle of lube. He applied some to his cock and then motioned for me to turn around and bend over the chair beside the phone. I complied immediately. My own cock was also hard and leaking precum at the thought of his cock in my ass. I was trembling in anticipation as I bent over. 

“Oh, do I ever wish I was there to see this” said Rachel. “Me too”, added Brad. 

“From what I understand, you are about to have your ass invaded too, I replied to Brad. “Ohhhhh, yes”, he responded, I can hardly wait. “Rachel is lubing it up now and she has me bent over a chair beside the phone, just like you” 

“I wonder if this is a first”, asked Brian. “Dueling phone sex, so to speak” “Are you ready to begin Rachel?, asked Brian. “Ready when you are”, replied Rachel. Brad is already pushing his ass back against the strap-on, trying to get it in”

“Here goes then” said Brian as he pressed the head of his cock against my anus. I relaxed my muscles as he slowly pushed into me. It felt so good. My ass is somewhat loose already because of the dildos I use regularly. With the liberal application of lube Brian had no difficulty sliding his hard cock all the way into my ass. He started to slide it slowly in and out of me, touching my prostate with every down stroke. The feeling was incredible! 

“Ohhhhh Rachel!!!” I exclaimed. “It feels so good to have his hot cock buried in my ass.” “Fuck me good, Brian”, I moaned. “I can’t wait to feel your hot cum spurt into me” I could hear a slapping sound coming from the speaker and suspected that Brad was experiencing much the same thing on his end. 

“His ass feels great, Rachel”, said Brian. “His muscles keep gripping my cock as I slide it in and out”. I am doing my best not to cum too quickly because it feels so good” “How about you and Brad?” “Is your strap-on all the way in?” 

“Ohhhhh, yes it is definitely all the way in”, replied Brad. “I feel it hit my prostate on every stroke.” “This woman really knows how to fuck me good!” 

“You are my slut bitch, aren’t you Brad”, said Rachel. “You love it when I fuck you hard and deep with my strap-on” “I bet you can’t wait to have one of these boys put his real cock deep into your ass!” I could tell Rachel was really into it now. As was I! Every thrust of Brian’s cock into my ass sent shivers of pleasure all through me. I reached down to feel my hard cock. There was a lot of precum on the tip so I ran my finger across the tip and brought it to my mouth. I don’t know about the rest of you but the taste of precum seems to make me hornier. 

“Ohhhhh, Brian, your cock feels so good in my ass”. I said. “This is just what I needed”. “Your cock fills me up soooooooo gooooooooood!!” Keep fucking me harder and deeper!” “I want your hot cum in my ass”

“Yes!! Cum in his ass!” screamed Rachel over the speakerphone. “Oh, I wish I was there to see his face as you fuck him!! “Turn over Brad”, said Rachel. “I want to see your face and stroke your cock while I fuck you” “I want you to cum all over yourself as Brian fills his ass with his hot cum” “Look at your cock”. “The precum is practically dripping out of it” “I can tell it won’t take you too long to cum once I start stroking you” 

“Are you close to cumming Brian?” asked Rachel. 

“Mmmmm, yes I am” answered Brian. “He keeps thrusting his ass back at me and squeezing my cock with his ass muscles. I don’t think I can last much longer!”

“GIVE ME YOUR CUM”, I shouted. “Let me feel it shoot into me” “I WANT IT!!!

Brian picked up the pace. Now his balls were slapping against my ass. On the speakerphone I could hear the same sound as Rachel slammed her strap-on in and out of Brad. Brad was telling her to fuck him harder and deeper. Then I heard the sound of spanking. 

“Yes, that’s it. Spank my ass while I fuck you, you slut bitch. I am going to make you cum all over yourself and then you are going to lick it all up” Rachel was in a frenzy now and I could hear Brad whimpering and moaning. 

“Fuck me hard, Brian, I yelled, “Spank my ass while you fuck me. Make it nice and red and then cum hard in my ass” Brian started slapping my ass, first with one hand and then the other. I could feel my own orgasm beginning to build.  “You love my cock in your ass, don’t you? Shouted Brian. “Oh, your ass is getting nice and red now” “I am so close to cumming now” “Are you ready?”

“GIVE ME YOUR CUM, I SHOUTED!!! CUM IN MY ASS RIGHT NOW!!

Brian lunged forward with a powerful thrust. I could feel his cock expanding and then I felt it! Hot cum shooting up into my ass! “I am CUUUUMMMMIIIIINNNG”, yelled Brian as he collapsed on my back. 

That was all it took for me. My cum shot out of the end of my cock all over the chair!

“OHHHHHHH YESSSSSSSSSS!” I SCREAMED. 

My whole body started to shake and shudder. On the speakerphone I could hear similar sounds coming from Rachel and Brad. I felt Brian’s cock twitch in my ass as an after shock hit him. That triggered one in me. Brian’s cock slipped out of my ass. I turned around and we fell into each other’s arms as we kissed each other, tongues swirling around and around. I could feel his cum dripping out of my ass and down my leg. I could hardly stand. I was so weak from the power of the orgasm. 

“Now I feel well and truly fucked”, I said to Brian. “That was fantastic.” Then I heard the sound of applause coming over the speakerphone. 

“You both were fantastic”, said Rachel. “As soon as we heard Brian cum, the cum shot out of Brad’s cock all the way up to his chin” That was enough for me to get off too”, said Rachel. “I just love the attachments that go into my pussy and ass on this strap-on!”

“Well, it sounds like everyone got what they CAME for, I chuckled. “I can’t wait for the 4 of us to get together”. 

“Neither can we, answered Rachel and Brad” almost in unison.”

“That makes it unanimous”, said Brian. 

Stay tuned for the next part!