 It was obvious that both Steve and I were both comfortable with the ground rules for our encounters changing, during our last adventure with Tracy I had encouraged Steve to break our 'no penetration' rule by actually taking charge of his cock and easing it between Tracy's wet swollen lips with my own fingers. 

Not content with watching him tease her pussy with the tip of his cock I was desperate to watch his penis as it slipped between her damp folds, to see the change in Tracy's expression as he pounded her hard and fast, curious to see Steve the way Tracy had seen him when she watches us fuck, his hips grinding into her as he brings her to orgasm and his cock covered in her juices as he pulls out and finishes himself off, spilling his seed over her smooth pale skin.

After a long discussion of our 'rules' Steve and I decided that it would be fine, (and only fair considering the circumstances) if I wanted to go further than just mutual masturbation and actually fuck a stranger. 

To be honest here had been times when I had been so hot that I was close to forgetting the 'rules' although, as much as I like the feel of a penis inside me, nothing gets me hotter than being surrounded by, and taking control of, several hard cocks, teasing them until they explode, covering me in streams of hot spunk. 

I love watching men masturbate, the look of animal lust on their faces as they grip their penis ready to give this little slut all they have, hand moving from base to tip faster and faster, pre cum glistening on the end, the grunt as they stiffen up balls tightening as climax hits, cock throbbing and twitching, stream after stream of cum splashing on my breasts, belly and between my legs.

We agreed some things that would be kept as special between us, kissing with tongues for one, although the odd kiss on the lips would be fine. And, although fucking was now allowed, I decided that having a guy cum inside me was out, as was anal sex, that was Steve's special treat, although allowing a guy to finger my ass was something that I had always allowed and sometimes even encouraged.

With the new rules decided I was keen to explore how far I would go next time an opportunity to misbehave came along. 

As much fun as it was sharing experiences with Tracy I was desperate for a solo adventure where I would be totally in control and the centre of attention.

I longed for another encounter similar to one I had in the Jacuzzi at the gym, surrounded by guys willing to do what I asked.

The opportunity soon came along with a change of job.

Tired with the repetitive nature of my work and restless for a new challenge I had applied for a more interesting post at a company new to the area.

On hearing that my application had been successful I handed in a months notice, being able to finish that very week because of three weeks holiday the company owed me, a nice break before starting my new job, or so I thought. 

One week into my time off I became bored, Steve and most of my friends were at work, chores completed the house was spotless, I had spent time getting my hair and nails done, shopped until even I was tired of shopping, visited everyone that wasn't otherwise occupied, hit the gym every day twice a day and even crashed out for a day watching TV, eating junk and frigging myself silly watching porn.

Some of my ex colleagues had arranged to meet for drinks that Friday and when I mentioned I was bored and at a bit of a loose end my old boss immediately offered some temping work.

The annual stock take was due and he needed someone to sort through the boxes of files that had been stored in one of the old warehouse buildings, dumping any out of date paperwork and logging anything relevant. 

I accepted as the extra money would come in useful.

Monday morning I arrived at the Warehouse, a big, chilly building with rows of racking filled with pallets and a maze of cardboard boxes stacked almost all the way to the ceiling along every wall, although it looked well maintained, clean and tidy.  

The warehouse manager greeted me at the door, raising one eyebrow and shaking his head as he looked me up and down.

Introducing himself as Dave he was tall and slim with a pleasant tone.

He laughed and shook his head saying,

"I guess you thought this would all be office work."

I had worn a pair of my favourite boots, calf length with a slight heel, sheer blouse with a nice lacy bra, just visible in the right light, and matching French knickers under a short flowing skirt that swished when I walked, the soft material tickling the back of my bare legs at mid thigh.

"You don't approve of my choice of clothing then." I replied.

"Won't say that, it's just that some of the files are high up on the shelving and the desk you will be working at is to the rear of the warehouse." 

He gestured for me to follow, as we made our way through the stacks of boxes he allowed me to walk slightly ahead of him, I guessed so he could watch my ass.

Not being one to disappoint I swayed my hips giving him a bit of a show then glanced back over my shoulder,

"For someone concerned with my attire you seem to be enjoying the view from behind."

Dave burst out laughing, sweeping his hand to the left he said,

"Let me introduce you to the lads."

Hidden between some of the boxes the warehouse guys had made themselves a nice little rest area. An old but clean sofa was set in front of a portable TV, a radio played on a filing cabinet and seated around a smart desk in one corner, two men sat drinking coffee. 

Dave introduced me to a young, skinny guy named John who shook my hand rather nervously and a handsomely built guy in his mid-twenties named Rich who winked and made no attempt to hide his approval of me by nudging John in the ribs and twitching his eyebrows. 

Poor John flushed bright red, I burst out laughing as Dave cuffed Rich around the ear and told him to watch his manners.

Dave took his place sitting behind the desk, the oldest of the three men looking to be late thirties with a pleasant face and easy smile.

"Jules here probably needs help retrieving some of the files from the shelving and bringing them back here for sorting, she could use the desk at the back of the warehouse but ours is a damn site cleaner."

Rich immediately volunteered but Dave assigned John to work with me.

I think Dave suspected Rich was a bit too keen and full of him self and might make a comment that would offend me, which goes to prove they didn't know me at all.

Now, along with my rules, there are places that I would never fool around because there is always the danger some guy will read more into it and become a pest. 

I like exciting unplanned situations, have fun then walk away, no strings. 

Home is out; neighbours are a definite no, as are workmen, although I do tease a little with a flash here and there nothing ever goes any further. 

When the mood takes me to fool around at the gym it is not my regular gym, but a small one at a hotel where I won't bump into anyone I know. I joined because they have a nice spa and beauty rooms for when I have earned a days pampering.

Work is defiantly out because guys tend to brag, gossip will work its way around an office and then every creep will be chancing his hand…

Although today I was temping so technically it's not my work place so…?

As we sorted our way through the boxes of paperwork John began loosen up and talk a little, I asked him questions about his work and the other guys. 

Chatting pleasantly I asked if he had a girlfriend he went bright red and made a big thing of moving a box across the floor so that he did not have to look up as he replied.

"Not yet."

Now and again I had seen him staring at my bra as the light shone through my blouse as I stretched up to reach a file or quickly cast an appreciative glance at my ass when I bent over to pick something up.

Feeling naughty I teased him by asking if he liked girls.

He flushed a deeper red, this time though with anger. 

"Yes I do, I'm not gay so why does everyone assume that."

Shocked at how much I had upset him I apologised, he calmed down and with a little coaxing explained that Rich and his mates were always taunting him because he was fairly shy and inexperienced.

Shame because he was a nice looking lad, a bit on the skinny side but he had bright intelligent eyes set behind rimless glasses, his blond hair was cut a little old fashioned, reminding me of a new romantic era floppy fringe, he smelled pleasantly of a spicy deodorant, his skin, if a little pale, clear and smooth. 

I decided he deserved of some fun.

We would need a set of steps to reach the next row of boxes, John volunteered to reach them down but I said there were only certain files we needed and it was better if I got them, knowing what we were looking for.

We walked through the rows of shelving until we reached a corner that was well out of site of the rest of the warehouse.

Pointing to the top shelf I said. "I think the ones we want are up there, so I had better get up and have a look." John wheeled a set of tall steps over for me and I climbed up.

Reaching out for the first file I pretended to wobble, making a show of grabbing a hold of the shelves in front of me. Looking back down I said, "Can you hold me steady, please John?" 

From the look on his face he had obviously been peeking up my skirt, but pretended he hadn't been looking, making a show of turning his head to avert his gaze as he reached up and steadied the steps.

"Sorry John it's these heels causing the problem; I meant can you hold me steady?" "Hold onto my hips please."

Slowly he placed a foot on the steps and moved his hands to my hips.

His eyes would now be level with my nice round arse, the outline of my panties visible, the thin material stretched tight by his grip, I was becoming slightly aroused knowing he would be looking at me, the feel of his warm hands cupping the shape of my hips and my own naughty thoughts of where this could lead.

Repositioning on the steps pretending to look at yet another file I shifted my hips, pushing my butt out so that it wiggled right in front of his face, his grip tightened slightly. I glanced down and he was bright red, the poor lad didn't know where to look as I caught him staring at my ass, plan working I said.

"John I need to reach a file on the very top, would you mind loosing my hips and hold onto my legs just above my knees please."

His hands left my hips and I took the last few steps to the very top. When he held my legs his touch was hot, he held me gently just above and to the side of my knees, this was perfect for what I wanted to do next.

As I stretched up I knew he would be able to see straight up my skirt, I positioned myself with one foot on the steps the other on a shelf so that my lacy panties would be in full view, the tanned skin of my ass would show through the lace and hopefully because of the loose legs of my French knickers he would get a glimpse of my pussy. 

As I stepped back onto the steps I decided to tease him.

"John, can you stop staring at my ass please and keep a hold of my legs as I come down?" 

He mumbled "Sorry." And I quickly look back and smiled

"Hey, I don't mind you looking at my ass." 

"I like it when guys look at me like that it makes me feel sexy."

Asking him to keep his hands steady I lowered myself down quickly so that his hands slid up my legs, under my skirt and over my thigh.

He quickly pulled his hands away clearly embarrassed.

As I reached the bottom step he stood back to allow me to climb off, but not before I took the chance to push my ass back, brushing against his hardening dick. 

Placing the files on the steps I turned to John and flicked his fringe away from his eyes, moving closer to him.

"Do you think I'm sexy?"

He swallowed hard as he nodded yes; I backed him up against some shelving, and moved my hand to his crotch. 

"Because this says that you do."

His eyes were wide as I stepped back and unbuttoned my blouse, letting it fall open but not slipping it right off. Taking his hand I pressed it to my chest, cupping his fingers over my bra he took the hint and roughly fondled my tit squeezing and rolling his thumb over the nipple which was standing out hard against the lacy material.

Placing one foot on the shelving I took his other hand and placed it on my leg guiding it up over my thigh and under my skirt. 

A shiver ran down my spine as, with some encouragement, he moved from the outside of my legs to the inside, gently brushing against my panties. 

Unclipping my bra I lifted it above my firm breasts, he began squeezing and stroking the bare flesh, getting rougher and rougher, obviously not very experienced. 

Even so I was getting very wet as his clumsy fingers found their way inside the leg of my panties, touching the wetness there.

Pushing him away I reached for his zipper, pulling it down and easing his hard cock out, it was long and thin with a thick vein running along its length, the circumcised head glistened with pre cum.

Running my fingers along the shaft he shivered slightly, his cock twitched as I looked him in the eye and asked,

"Shall we have some fun and bring each other off?"

He nodded, breath hissing between his teeth as I squeezed the end of his cock between my finger and thumb.

Squatting down I took his member in my mouth, just the tip at first, swirling my tongue around and brushing my lips over it, then licking up and down the shaft and eventually taking it all in my mouth, pursing my lips when I got to the head, sucking the salty tip then sliding my lips up and down.

It was not long before he started to breathe hard, bucking his hips in rhythm with my movements, reaching up under my skirt I caressed my sopping pussy rubbing in time with his thrusts. Usually I pull away when a stranger is about to cum, enjoying watching and feeling it spurt over me as I finish him off with my hand, but I suspected this was his first blow job and decided to give him the full benefit of my experience.

The thought of someone other than Steve blowing his cum in my mouth was getting me so hot; my pussy needed more attention than it was getting from my fingers.

As I worked my lips over his shaft he gave a final jerk and tried to pull away, I held him tight to me as he pumped spurt after spurt of warm cum down my throat, I managed to swallow all but a little that escaped from the corner of my mouth.

His breathing came in short gasps, my lips moving up and down his softening shaft as his orgasm subsided, making sure that I cleaned him up with my mouth, paying special attention to the swollen purple head and finishing off with a soft kiss on its tip. 

I let him get his breath back before sitting back on the steps and easing my panties down past my knees.

"My turn now, use your mouth on me."

He tucked his softening penis back into his jeans and moved toward me.

He knelt down taking his time to get a good look at my shaven lips. I felt his hand fumble along my leg until he reached my pussy, one of his fingers slipping awkwardly into the wetness there as he began kissing his way up my inner thigh.

His head disappeared under the folds of my skirt; it was so erotic because I couldn't see him, just feel the wet sensations as he gently nuzzled the outer lips of my pussy with his tongue. 

As when he was fondling of my tits it seemed more exciting because his inexperienced movements were rushed, unsure; reminding me of my first fumbling encounters with boys rather than the expert attentions I was used to.

It would not take long for me to cum, my clit was hyper sensitive, my lips swollen damp with my juices as I could feel his tongue began to explore deeper, opening up my moist folds as his confidence grew, he exerted a little more pressure the tip of his nose nudging against my lips.

He began urgently lapping at my wetness, inserting his tongue deep inside me, fucking my pussy with quick flicks as I began to grind back into him. 

Reaching down to rub my clit with my fingers as my excitement built, I let out a couple of moans, placing my hands on the back of his head pushing him hard into my pussy as a huge orgasm ripped through me, holding him there as I covered his face with my juices.

Finally I allowed him to pull away. I reached into my bag and took out some wet wipes and tissues so that we could clean ourselves up a little. John was bright red as he wiped his fingers and face, watching intently as I cleaned myself up then pulled up my panties, the crotch of them was pretty damp.

"Did I do that right?" he said.

Kissing him on the cheek I told him it was just fine then asked if he had done anything like it before.

The poor lad sat on the steps, scuffing the toe of his trainer along the floor, clearly embarrassed as he answered honestly that he had only ever touched one girl before, and that was through her knickers, when they were both drunk on a night out.

"But I have seen things on films so I knew what to do." He quickly added.

We gathered up some of the files and made our way back to the office area.

Dave was behind his desk while Rich was lounging on the sofa reading a magazine, on seeing me he quickly folded the magazine and thrust it under the seat.

Deciding there was a chance for some fun I asked him what he was reading, I bent over in front of him, placing the files on the floor and giving him a flash of cleavage.

Flustered he answered. "Oh nothing someone like you would be interested in"

Annoyed at the, someone like you comment I asked. "Why? is it porn?"

Rich shot a look at Dave who just shrugged, deciding to brave it out he pulled the magazine out from under his seat and said.

"Like I said nothing you would be interested in…being a stuck up office chick."

Walking over I took the magazine from his fingers, flicking through its pages. 

It was a well thumbed soft porn publication with lots of boob and bum shots, the occasional glimpse of a 'landing strip' and the usual pages of letters and stories.

I came across a photo shoot of a model dressed in a typical fantasy secretary type outfit, severe business suit with too tight skirt, boobs pushed up, specs, etc.

Handing it back to Rich, who was now a little less cocky, looking back and forth between John and Dave for support, I asked him if this was the way the warehouse boys saw us, stuck up office chicks.

John began to laugh, perhaps realising there was no way Rich was going to embarrass a girl like me, Rich told him to shut the fuck up and not wanting me to have the upper hand he flicked through the magazine, folded it open at a page and held it out to me.

The picture was of the secretary with her blouse partly open leaning forward over her desk, tapping the picture for emphasis he said. "Yes, but Id rather see you like this."

Dave decided to intervene, perhaps worried that I would complain of sexual harassment because Rich was going too far, getting them in all kinds of trouble.

"That's enough Richard; Jules doesn't want to listen to your crap."

Waving a hand in dismissal and winking at Dave I said it was fine.

Standing over Rich, legs either side of his I carefully, slowly undid the top buttons of my blouse, leaning forwards hands resting on his knees I arched my back pushed my lace covered breasts close to his face and said.

"You want to see me like this?"

You could have heard a pin drop; Rich's eyes were glued to my chest, mouth wide open, he was ridged in his seat caught somewhere between disbelief and lust. 

Dave broke the silence with his laughter; tears rolling down his face as he thumped the desk in glee. When he calmed down a little he said.
