 Warm air. Wonderful stuff. We stepped of the aeroplane and felt it wash around us as we unwrapped ourselves from our winter coats. A bit too much white skin on show, but we would change that over the next couple of weeks, lying out in the sun, swimming, eating, drinking, living the tropical idyll.

The Astra was waiting at the hire desk. We threw the bags onto the back seat -- there's not much room in the boot because of the electric roof, swung out of Cairns Airport and headed north. Farmland on one side, Coral Sea on the other, blue sky above. Even allowing for the odd idiotic driver stress levels dropped dramatically in the hour it took to reach Port Douglas. 

Paradise Villa, on Four Mile Beach, right on Four Mile Beach, straight out of the front door and on to the sand. Yep $500 a night was a bit above the odds, but it comes with a spa, pool, flat screen telly, huge sound system, fully equipped ... you probably don't want to full brochure, do you? Suffice to say luxurious, and with the beach right there -- in the morning when you woke up, in the evening as you settled down with the first glass of chardonnay.

It was closing in on sunset by the time we, Jennifer Anne Miller and me, Angus Miller, had made ourselves sufficiently comfortable. I'd worked out all the electronic devices, discovered the complimentary bottle of bubbly (French no less) in the fridge. We wouldn't cook tonight. Instead we headed into town, did a bit of grocery shopping, had a huge steak at the big country pub on the corner of McCrossin Street and then went back to Paradise. Travelling can be exhausting, especially from the deep wintry south of the country up into the tropics. We watched a bit of telly, listened to a bit of music (the sound system was simply magnificent), drank another glass or two of wine and went to bed at about 10pm. I would have fallen asleep at roughly the same time except for the hand that came snaking under the thin sheet towards a part of my anatomy that is known for getting pretty excited about movements like this. I was more than half expecting it; warm air and Jennifer are a wonderful combination. The snaking hand was closely followed by a set of warm lips. There is nothing on the planet like a languorous head job just to get you going, followed by about half an hour of thrusting and rolling around in as many positions as you can think off when you don't have to think about keeping the covers on to keep warm.

Jennifer was standing against the wall; her legs wrapped around my waste as she began to moan noisily. I can't remember if she was naked or not, but there was plenty of her to grab hold of without the intrusion of clothes. I sucked her nipples, carried her weight as she bounced into a huge orgasm and then waited for her to come to rest.

As she subsided, I whispered: "Can we finish this as we started?"

Her hand and lips returned to a very rigid cock. As her lips moved up and down, and her hands strokes by balls, it didn't take long for me to explode and in the shadows I watched her swallow, then lick the rest of the come off my shaft. This rarely happened at home. Aaaah, warm air.

The next thing I remembered was the shafts of tropical sun coming through the wooden slats of the blinds. Jennifer was asleep beside me; contented was the word that came to mind as I looked at her face. My eyes wandered along her tight body and I thought about a reprise of the night before.

Instead, I thought I would be the good husband and get up and make coffee. She woke as I put a glass of orange juice and coffee down next to her.

"G'day sexy," she said sleepily. "Thanks."

"For the coffee and orange juice," I smiled.

"For everything," she smoked back.

We had breakfast on the balcony, an array of fresh fruit purchased the night before, and starting thinking about we would do with the rest of the day.

"Beach," said Jennifer. "Right out of the front, I have no interest in travelling anywhere today."

After a quick shower I put on a T shirt and shorts and headed for the beach, to where you sun-beds that belonged to the villa were discreetly chained to a couple of palm trees.

I threw my beach towel on one of the sun chairs, moved it out into the sun, sat down and began soaking up just a few rays before applying sunscreen. Didn't want to get too much sun too soon.

I pulled my hat down over my eyes and only stirred when I heard a noise beside me. It was Jennifer, wearing a sarong tied around her waste and a bright yellow bikini top.

I watched from under the hat as she put her towel on another sun bed, pulled it into the sun and stretched out on her back.

"Nice, isn't it," she said, indicating the view. We were half way along Four Mile Beach, to the south there was a string of sand running between the sea and endless stands of palms. In the background the indigo of a mountain range.

Looking north, you could make out the busy section of the beach close to town.

Jennifer begun to put on sunscreen lotion, She pulled the sarong aside and spread it on her long legs ... what a sight.

She then started applying it to her upper body, rubbing it over her tummy, her chest.

"What do you think," she asked?

"Why not," I replied.

With that she reached behind her and took off her top and began applying sunscreen to her breasts.

I felt a tightening in trunks, not a full erection, just the little start of one.

"Be good," I said to myself.

We both stretched out and probably dozed off. I was probably only asleep for 10 minutes tops when I heard a bunch of voices. There were a handful of blokes down on the water line, kicking and passing a footy. They set up camp, an Esky and a beach umbrella, and were marking out a makeshift field in the sand.

I vaguely counted there were seven of them, shut my eyes and thought about sleep again.

The next thing, one of the voices was right up close to where Jennifer and I were lying in our personal paradise.

"Excuse me mate," the voice said politely.

"We about to have a game of touch and we need an extra bloke to make the teams even," said the voice that I slowly discerned was attached to a fit, shirtless bloke around 25 or so.

I looked at Jennifer. She hadn't woken.

I looked at the bloke and caught him sneaking a look at Jennifer's tits, but pretended not to notice. 

"Sure why not!"

I whacked on a good coating of sunscreen before heading off to join them. We played for about an hour. Jennifer had woken up and when she saw me playing, gave me a wave, and then rolled over onto her stomach.

She missed me scoring two brilliant tries and setting up another and generally having a good time with the blokes who I guess were mostly 10-15 years younger than me. I think they thought they would have to go easy on the old bloke, but even when you slow up, you never lose the ability to create space.

Eventually we were all knackered. They offered me a beer from their Esky, but I said no thanks, better get back to the wife.

"You looked like you had a good time," Jennifer said as I wandered back to our sun chairs.

"Yeah, nice blokes, they asked me to have a beer with them."

"Why didn't you," she said. "You can go back over if you like."

"Why don't you come to," I said.

She started to reach for her bikini top.

"Don't bother, the young bloke who asked me to play as already copped an eyeful," I said. "Why should his mates miss out?"

"Because that's why," Jennifer said and demonstratively put on her top before we went back over to the blokes.

I introduced Jennifer to them and we sat and had a couple of their beers. They did their best not to get caught giving Jen the eye over but it was obvious they were.

Apart from being a bunch of pervs, they were however, an interesting collection of blokes from Brisbane, all young professionals in finance and so on.

This trip was reward for some big deal they have pulled off. All expenses paid and they were in a villa just up the beach that had, would you believe eight bedrooms, pool spa everything we had and more. A real mansion.

By now it was getting close to lunch so Jennifer and I made to say our goodbyes and head back to our villa. 

"Might see you this arvo, or tomorrow," I said.

"Why don't you come over to our joint for a barbie," said the young bloke who had originally asked me to play footy whom I now knew as Jordan. "We've got a stack of stuff. They have someone who comes in stocks the place for us every morning.

"Yeah, no dramas," the others chimed in.

I looked at Jen, she gave me a why not look.

"Just need to go back to the house and get showered and into something less sweaty," I said.

"We'll see you in 15 minutes, we'll bring some booze."

As I stripped off for the shower, Jennifer said strangely: "Was that young bloke Jordan really having a look at my boobs?"

"What, do you think he's superhuman," I laughed. "Of course he did and his mates were having a long look at you too when we were having those beers with them, probably trying to imagine you the way Jordan had seen you.

"Mmmm," she said. "An old bird like me having that impact on good looking young blokes like that, hardly likely, but nice of you to say so."

Old bird Jennifer is not. She's 35, beautifully shaped and striking whether the suit she is wearing is of the business, swim or birthday variety.

It was the latter as I stepped out from the shower and Jennifer stepped in.

I dried myself off, grabbed a fresh shirt and shorts and put them on. Aaaaah, I love this warm weather, no thick coat, no scarf.

Jennifer came out of the shower, wrapped a towel around her waist and begun flicking through her stuff hanging up in the wardrobe.

She was clearly after something and eventually she reached for the diaphanous skirt she usually wears over her bikini.

I didn't think much of that, she wears it all the time on holiday.

But I did start to think about it when she slipped it on without putting her bikini on first.

She then went to the draw where she had put her underwear and pulled out a skimpy pair of nickers, not quite a G-string, but not far off.

I felt many things, but said nothing. It was obvious the thought of being ogled again was high on her mind.

I grabbed our Esky, put in a couple of bottles of chardonnay and a few coolers.

"Ready to go," I said.

"Sure," said Jen, as if answering a question I hadn't asked.

We made our way through the low sand dunes towards where the blokes had indicated their mansion was.

Walking behind Jennifer, I could see the clear outline of her nickers through the thin material. I had already sussed that from the front you could see the dark shadow of nipples, even though the fabric was a cool, dark green colour.

I wondered what the reaction of the blokes would be.

Their mansion was behind a huge hedge of some sort of tropical plants. I'm a lawyer, not a botanist.

There was a security gate and we rang the bell. A disembodied voice said just push the gate and come in.

We found ourselves in a little paradise in paradise, swimming pool, neatly manicured lawns and a cabana with something that was more like a kitchen than a barbecue.

"Fantastic isn't it," said Jordan. "$3000 a night if you're paying for it, which I am glad we're not.

"Our company owns it and usually makes it available to big clients."

Steaks were sizzling away, conversation was friendly and open, and so were eyes as in turn each of them noticed Jennifer's attire, or general lack of it.

Nothing was said though.

Alcohol was distributed generously before we sat down to eat. I noticed there was a beeline to sit at the table opposite Jennifer.

After lunch, we all headed for the pool. There were more than enough sun chairs to go around and we talked and drank even more.

They wanted to know where I'd played rugby. I had played at school and at Uni in the first XV and one game for the combined universities against a touring side from Fiji.

"We thought you were a bit good," said Andrew who was emerging with Jordan as the most conversational of the seven. "We all play lower grades in Brisbane, work together, play together, go on holidays together.

I don't know what time it was but four of the blokes announced they were going into town and had rung a taxi. Did we want to come?

Jen and I said no, as did Jordan, Andrew and a third bloke call Scott.

"If you're going out we'll head off," Jen said, a hint of a slur in her voice. She was by now on to her third of fourth glass of wine, and that after the beers before lunch.

"I'm not going anywhere," said Jordan. "This is bloody paradise. And you two are more than welcome to stay."

Jen seemed relieved.

"Thanks I would like to stay if that's all right, it's ever so nice here."

Jordan said: "Make yourself at home, if you want to you can go for a swim, or go inside and watch the home cinema, it's bloody enormous and the sound system is fantastic."

Jen poured herself another glass of wine and headed inside.

The four blokes left in the taxi, and the rest of us talked footy, business.

Then Jordan exploded: "Oh shit, we left that bloody porno in the DVD, I hope your wife hasn't found it."

"She's a fully grown woman," I laughed. "Probably not something she hasn't seen before."

"I don't know," said Jordan, "it's pretty full on. Three blokes and a sheila going at it."

About 15 minutes later, Jen re-appeared. "What a fantastic set up," she said.

"The house goes on forever, you could play a game of footy in the lounge room."

Jordan sighed silently. It seemed she hadn't gone into the theatre, or if she had, at least hadn't turned on the DVD player.

It was starting to go dark, as it does early in the tropics. The air temperature dropped a fraction, the fierceness of the day giving way to a more enjoyable temperature.

The lights came on in the pool. 

"How about that swim," said Scott?

"Yeah, why not," said Andrew, "sober me up a bit so I can drink some more!"

He slipped of his T shirt and jumped into the pool, followed by Scott. I was wondering what I should do, when Jen stood up, took off her see through dress and walked over and jumped in, too.

She started to swim, naked except for her frilly nickers and went she got to the shallow end, she stood up and turned around the faced the two blokes, the water just up to her waist. She was looking but not looking, if you know what I mean, she was trying to see if they were looking at her.

Then she pushed off and swam back into deeper where she stood up again, with the water up to her neck.

Andrew and Scott were trying to be nonchalant and started talking about how great it was a place like this. 

Jen joined in the conversation, looking straight at them.

"I just wish I could do this all the time, swim all year round, walk around in warm air," she said.

"I don't think I want to go back south to chilly winter days ever again. This is perfect, just perfect."

She then pushed towards the edge of the pool, climbed out and walked slowly back to her sun chair, where her dress was draped over the back. But instead of putting it on, she walked past the chair and to the cabana fridge, took out a bottle of wine, grabbed a glass and said: "Let's go watch a video."

Jordan leapt from his sun bed at this.

The porno DVD!

"Don't worry," I said. "She won't be embarrassed, as you can already see, and you shouldn't be either."

Andrew and Scott were out of the pool by now and all four of us made our way into the house.

Jen was sitting in one of the theatre chairs and in surround sound, on the huge screen, a woman stood naked and blindfolded in front of a small group of men.

"Nice movie," she laughed. "So you boys were watching a bit of porn were you? I would have thought good looking blokes like you would have no trouble finding real life women to bring back to a pad like this.

"So does this movie have a plot or is it just wall to wall sex."

Jordan answered first: "Well we haven't watched all of it, but the thrust of what we've seen so far is this girl is blind-folded and the challenge is to pick who is kissing her.

"Look we've got plenty of other movies if you like."

Jen put her finger to her lips, signalling him too stop talking.

"So the theory is that when she's blind-folded she can't tell who is kissing her, that doesn't explain why she's naked."

It was my turn to say something: "Jen it's a porn movie, people get naked."

"But what about the pretext that if you're blind-folded you can't tell who's kissing you, surely if she knows the people she can tell them apart," Jen said.

"How would I know," I said. "I've never been involved in anything like that."

"Well let's find out," said Jen. "Jordan, go and get something for a blind fold."

The blokes were riveted by this conversation. Remember Jen is pretty much naked and obviously had a bit too much to drink.

They were also unsure of what to do.

Jordan looked at me.

"You heard the lady, get her a blind fold," I heard a voice remarkably like mine say.

I guess I had had more to drink than I knew, and I hadn't had a swim to sober me up.

And anyway, it could be a bit of fun, a bit of innocent kissing, although glancing at the huge screen, the plot had moved way beyond that. Still blindfolded, the naked woman was being royally fucked.

Jordan came back with of all things, a tie.

"We all arrived straight from work in our suits," he said.

He gave the tie to me and I put it over Jen's eyes and pulled it tight.

"Okay, how do we do this," Jen said. "I reckon all four of you line up, give me a kiss and I will say who was who at the end.

Again, they looked at me. I motioned to line up behind me. I walked up to Jen and gave her a peck on the lips.

"That's not much of a clue," she said. "Give a girl a bit of evidence."

I kissed her again this time for a few seconds.

"Next," she said.

Jordan inched forward and kissed her, a peck.

"More evidence please," she said.

Jordan kissed her for about the same time I had the second time, very awkwardly and he looked at me with embarrassment when he'd finished.

"Mmmm, yep, I reckon I know those two," she said. "Next."

Scott was next, he just ploughed straight in for the now obligatory five seconds.

"Next!"

Andrew grabbed Jen gently by the head and planed a real steamer on her lips. Ten, maybe 15 seconds and just a hint of tongue.

"Mmmmm," Jen said. Now I reckon it was Angus, Jordan, Scott and Andrew, am I right?

We all looked at each other. She was right.

"Correct," I said.

"That was too easy," said Jen. "Let's make it harder."

"How do we do that," I said. "And anyway we came here to watch a movie."

"So you'd rather watch a move than watch me," said Jennifer in mock defiance.

"Not at all Jen," said Jordan, "we've enjoyed watching you the whole day. If you had been here yesterday we wouldn't have had to rent a porn video.

"You're better looking than any of the women in the video, classier."

He then turned to me: "Sorry Angus."

"I've been watching you ogle Jen all arvo, and I don't think she minded much given what she wasn't wearing when she arrived here."

"Was it that obvious," said Jen. "Jordan, Angus told me you had enjoyed the sight of my tits this morning and that the other blokes had given me the once over when we came over for a beer.

"I thought it was sweet that you young blokes would find me attractive, so why not a bit more of a show. I hope I haven't embarrassed you all."

Andrew said: "Embarrassed us, you're kidding. The whole show's been fantastic. You're one heck of a woman. The young birds we go out with are no where near as classy."

"Ditto," said Scott. " And the chance of a kiss was pretty special, in fact this whole event is pretty amazing."

"Well let's continue," said Jen. "How about I have to tell who it is who is touching me."
