 I had received lots of emails about my erotic stories but the one from Brian was very different. He described in great detail what he liked about my stories, provided me links to other similar stories and pictures and indicated that we seemed to share the same sexual preferences. Those preferences included hot MFM threesomes with strap on dildos and lots of male on male 69 action. We both agreed our favorite position was on our backs, legs spread, being fucked in the ass by a female lover with a strap on dildo, while simultaneously having our mouths full of cock in a hot 69. I got an instant hard on every time he sent me an email. Most times I would end up stroking my cock to an intense orgasm and then lick the cum off my hand. He could certainly get me going. Even though we spent most of the time in our emails talking about sucking each other's cock we both agreed that having a woman to share it all with was what we really wanted. 

The best part was that we lived less than an hour from each other. The only thing holding us back was a hot female to share it with. I was between relationships and Brian was happily married to a wonderful woman who unfortunately was not as sexually adventurous as he was. We continued to exchange emails and website links. Brian even sent me a bisexual DVD that included a strap on session. While incredibly stimulating from a visual standpoint (I was masturbating to it every day for at least a week), it lacked the hot sensuality of our emails. We decided that the time had come for us to get serious about finding a female to join us. We also agreed that we would meet each other in person to review the responses to our ad. That would also give us a chance to get comfortable with each other sexually before we met the woman of our dreams. 

We placed the following ad in our local alternative lifestyle newspaper: 

"Two sensual bisexually orientated men seek hot female for 3some fun. We are both clean, in shape and uninhibited. We are looking for a woman who enjoys seeing two men together and who likes having two men pay attention to her. If you also like to use a strap on dildo on a man, then you are definitely the woman for us. Please include a recent photo with your reply and we will respond with the same." 

The ad offered the option of replying to an email address or to a P.O. box at the newspaper. Brian agreed to pick up the mail replies and I set up an email address for us. We crossed our fingers and hoped for the best. We agreed to get together at a hotel the following Saturday to review the responses. I would bring my laptop so we could log on for the email responses. I have to admit I was as much looking forward to seeing Brian in person, as I was to see what kind of response we would get to our ad. 

He had described his cock to me several times in his emails. I knew it was about 6 inches and cut. Mine is about the same size. As we said, nothing that would choke a horse but big enough to feel real nice in the mouth. As I played with my own cock, I imagined what it would feel like to finally have his in my mouth. If it were like mine it would be very warm to the touch, hard but also soft, and very sensitive right under the tip. During the week I masturbated several times with the image of us in a 69, cumming all over each other and rubbing the cum into our skin before licking the remains off of each other's cocks. 

Saturday finally arrived. I was a little nervous as I checked into the hotel. I had given Brian my cell phone so he could call me and come directly to the room. I had time to take a nice hot shower and put on one of the hotel robes before Brian called. I gave him the room number and he said he would be there in 15 minutes. I set up the laptop and logged on but did not check the email. We agreed we would do that together. He was going to bring the mail replies unopened as well. A few minutes later, there was a knock on the door. 

I opened the door and there he was. He looked just as he did in the photo he had sent me. We shook hands as he came into the room and I closed the door. We had discussed how we would greet each other. Although we had this strong connection in our email exchanges, we agreed that it would be a little strange for us to be all over each other as soon as he came through the door. That was why we decided that I would get a hotel room, shower first and then he would call me at a specific time. Once he got there, he could have a quick shower and we could take a look at the ad responses and see how the chemistry was with each other. 

"You look just like your picture," Brian said. "I was just thinking the same thing about you," I replied. We both started to grin. I found myself looking downward to his crotch. I could feel my cock start to harden under the robe. 

"I see you have the computer set up," Brian said. I reached a hand under my robe and started to stroke my cock. 

"I have the mail replies right here in this envelope," he added. I let the robe fall open so that he could see my cock getting hard in my hand. 

"Uh, I was going to take a quick shower, said Brian, his eyes glued to my cock. 

Just at that moment a drop of precum formed on the tip of my cock. I ran one of my fingers across the tip of my cock and brought it to my mouth. 

Brian groaned and dropped down to his knees. He took my cock in one hand and lifted my balls with the other. His head came down, his mouth opened and his lips closed around my cock. My cock immediately started to twitch as I felt his tongue swirl around the tip. He brought his hand up the shaft, and squeezed my cock gently as he took it out of his mouth. He licked another drop of precum off the tip and then stood up. "This may be the fastest shower on record. I can't wait to get that back in my mouth," said Brian as he walked to the bathroom. 

My knees felt week. I sat down in the chair by the computer with my robe still open and my cock still hard and wet with his saliva. It was a good thing he had stopped. I think I would have come right away just from the anticipation. I could hear the water running in the shower. I couldn't wait to see Brian's cock. I wondered if he was stroking his cock in the shower. I made my way over to the bed, took off the robe and lay down. The replies to our ad could wait. I wanted his cock in my mouth. 

I heard the water turn off. My cock was still hard. I pinched my nipples and my cock jumped a little. I squeezed my ass muscles and my hips lifted off the bed. Boy, was I horny! I licked my lips in anticipation. 

The bathroom door opened and Brian walked out. His cock was as hard as mine and standing straight out in front of him. He smiled when he saw me on the bed. He made his way over to the bed and lay down beside me. We immediately reached for each other's cock. I slid my hand around his cock for the first time. It was so hot. I leaned over and took one of his nipples in my mouth and sucked on it. He groaned and arched his back. I swung my body around so that we were lying beside each other and looked at his cock in my hand. 

We took each other's cock into our mouths almost simultaneously. I could not believe how good it felt to have his mouth on my cock and to have his in mine. I swirled my tongue around the tip and them licked lightly under the ridge. My hand circled his cock and moved up and down. I opened my mouth wider and took about half of it in my mouth, closed my lips over it and sucked lightly. His cock was hard, hot and pulsating in my mouth. I loved the spongy feel of the head. I licked slowly down the length of his shaft all the way to his balls. I took one of his balls in my mouth and rolled it around. 

Meanwhile he was duplicating my efforts on my cock. Except that he seemed to be sucking a little harder and taking it a little deeper in his mouth on each stroke. If he kept that up much longer I would be cumming straight down his throat. My level of excitement was increasing. His hands reached around and started to play with my ass. I felt his finger slide up and down the crack of my ass. 

I moved up and took his cock deep into my mouth, my hand sliding up and down his cock as I increased the speed. I relaxed my jaw so that I could take more of him into my mouth. I flattened my tongue out on the underside of his cock and sucked harder. He started to move his hips, thrusting his cock in and out of my mouth. I loved the feel of his cock in my mouth. I could tell he was getting close. 

So was I. He had wet his finger and was now teasing my asshole with it. I moved back against his finger and it slid in. I started to move up and down on his finger. I wanted it deeper in my ass. He could sense that I was very close. His hand flew up and down my shaft as he bobbed his head up and down on my cock. I could feel the cum boiling up and my cock expanding. 

I took my mouth off his cock briefly. "Oh my God, Brian I am going to cum all over you," I said. 

"Me, too," he cried as he took his mouth off my cock. "I want to see you shoot your cum all over me"

He thrust his finger deep into my ass. That did it. The cum came roaring out of my cock. One spurt landed on his chin. Another on his chest. That did it for him. I felt his cock expand in my hand. He started to shake all over. 

OOHHHHHHHHHH, YEESSSSSSSSSSSS, HERE IT CUMMMMMMMMMMS!

And did he ever. Huge gobs of white, creamy cum all over my face and neck. Another spurt on my nipple. I shuddered again with another after shock. 

He reached over and started to rub the cum into me. He took a small amount on his finger and put it into his mouth to taste. I did the same thing. Then I leaned over. There was some cum on the tip of his cock and running down one side. I caught it with my tongue and took his softening cock into my mouth. I sucked gently on it, tasting the rest of his cum. He did the same for me. We both had cum in our mouths. 

We swung around and I kissed him deeply on the lips, swirling my tongue around, sharing the cum with him. My hands were on his ass and his on mine, our two wet cocks pressing against each other. We finally broke off the kiss, looked at each other and smiled. 

"Wow," was all that I could say. 

"You've got that right, replied Brian with a deep sigh. "What a cum that was." 

"Well, I guess we should see what kind of replies we got to our ad. I guess we can tell her that if she likes watching two guys really get into a 69, then we are the ones for her," I said. 

Stay tuned for the next part of this story, where we review the replies together. By the way, if you are a horny female and this story turned you on, there may still be time for you to get in on the action. Email us!