 I grinned wickedly to myself. Looking left and right I made sure the coast was clear, hooked my foot over the window ledge and slipped inside. They'd been pranked by me at the university, but so far no one had been personally pranked by me yet, and Miss Emily Waters was just the person to be my first victim. Blonde, pretty, thoroughly sucked up to by Arlene (close friend, she and I go way back), who looked so much like her. Besides, I think she might be sleeping with Arlene's brother, my sometime love interest, Sonni. Well, on occasion of her having given me bad marks on the last couple of assignments (which I know for a fact were well done), of having kept me after class twice in the last week (quite undeservedly, I was so paying attention, I just had no idea what she was talking about), and of having made me look bad right in front of everyone so many times, she was going to get such a pranking. This was going to be great! It was about time Plishkatonic University knew there was no place safe from Akriel.

As I set foot on the floor, the scatter rug carelessly left laying there scattered. It shot out from under me and flew across the room as though it knew exactly what I had in mind and it was having no part of it. I was hurled backwards, doing the splits with one calf still on the window sill, and I wound up twisting in midair in an effort to save myself only to land heavily, face first, on the floor. Winded, chest mashed against the wood, I did the only thing I could... I groaned in pain. I also thanked the gods I'm so flexible. I listened intently for several long moments. Not a sound. Thank goodness no one heard me making an idiot of myself. Either she was asleep or out somewhere. Struggling to my feet, I brushed myself off and tugged my clothes back into place. Though a mini and a pair of sneakers was usually more my style this was different. This was stealthy stuff, and somehow a black exercise outfit had just seemed somehow appropriate for the occasion. I didn't even need a hat; my hair is long and black, so it blended right in.

Taking stock of my surroundings, I noted that I appeared to have found the living room. I deduced this based on the fact there was a couch and a couple of comfy chairs here. Though, mind you, there was also a china cabinet and a big, round dining table. I'd come dangerously close to knocking over a small end table with a vase and a couple of sea shells on it. I can't tell you how relieved I was that I hadn't. Not only would it have made one hell of a noise, but I didn't come here to break anything, just put her out a bit: perhaps rearrange all her kitchen cupboards, switch the flour and the sugar, stuff like that (I'm an impulsive prankster, I usually decide what exactly I'll do after taking stock of what I have to work with... I'm an artiste). From here I could see an open kitchen, her front door, the hall closet, what I expected was a bathroom door, and a doorway I was guessing led to the bedroom.

Stepping lively, I tiptoed to that doorway to find out if I was alone or not. I paused, listened, and heard nothing. Darting through the doorway I almost walked right into Miss Waters. I stopped dead in my tracks and nearly had a heart attack! She was standing there in only a bath robe or something, arms crossed, glaring. With a gasp, I gave a startled squeak, spun and turned to run. I pulled up short about an inch from smacking right into a masculine chest. Eyes darting upwards, I found myself staring into the face of one of the science teachers, Professor Edwards. Eyes drifting downwards, I saw he was completely naked! Brown hair, green eyes, and he was actually in great shape, fairly athletic; you'd never have guessed with what he normally wore. Swallowing hard, I slowly looked back over my shoulder. She looked pissed.

"Just what the hell do you think you're doing?!" she demanded, a finger shooting up in front of my face. 

I whirled to face her, backing into Professor Edwards, but he was like stepping into a wall. His hands grabbed my shoulders.

"I, uh, I... " I stammered, trying to think of a way out of this.

I started to squirm in Professor Edwards' grasp, but Miss Waters quickly got my attention again.

"Did you come here to steal something?" she demanded.

"No!" I quickly shot back (the very idea).

"To spy on me?" she asked, voice as dangerous as her eyes.

"No," I mumbled (who'd have guessed she was sleeping with Professor Edwards?).

"My private life is my own," she assured me, finally lowering her finger.

She partially turned away from me, facing her bed.

"Do you have any idea how much trouble you're in?" she asked, her voice calmer but still heavy with anger.

When I didn't respond she looked sidelong at me.

"You could be expelled for this," she informed me.

I'm sure my eyes widened and my mouth hung open. Expelled? For playing a prank on someone? I didn't even get to play it! I did this back home all the time; people thought it was funny. As often as not I didn't play a joke, I gave people things they needed or did dishes and stuff while they slept.

"You could go to jail for this," she told me, stepping up to look me in the eye again.

I swallowed hard again, trying to get the concept to even enter my head. I couldn't believe this. My knees felt like rubber.

"It's called Breaking and Entering, Akriel."

I finally met her eyes. She wouldn't! Would she?

"Care to explain what you're doing here now?" she inquired, one brow arching.

"I, I just wanted to play a joke on you," I managed.

"I'm not amused," she advised.

That was obvious.

"I did it all the time back home," I tried hopefully.

"You're not back home," she reminded me.

That was never so clear as right now. She sighed and wandered into her bedroom, facing away from me. After a minute, she turned back and looked from me to Professor Edwards. An evil smile lit her face as something unspoken passed between them.

"I'm not going to send you to jail, Akriel," she told me.

That was a relief.

"I don't think I'll have you expelled either; that's up to you," she continued.

I gulped, waiting for the shoe to drop.

"Here's what you're going to do," she said, crossing the room till she stood beside the bed.

Here it came.

"You are going to come over here, and I will punish you personally. For the next week you will show up here after class and tidy my house and prepare me a meal," she decided, sitting on the edge of the bed.

My mouth worked, but nothing came out as I tried to decide what to make of this.

"Jail is a very unpleasant place," she reminded me.

My head may have been unsure, but my feet weren't, and they stumbled towards her. As I hovered to a stop nearby, Emily pointed to the floor between her feet. Thoughts whirling, I couldn't look her in the eye even though I was standing right in front of her.

"Akriel," she said, taking my hand, "You're not just walking away without making it up to me. What you did is more serious than you seem to understand."

As I looked into her eyes I found myself calming down enough that my brain actually started working again. I understood all right, she wanted to show me who was boss and have a maid and cook for a week, which didn't seem so bad compared to the alternative. She arched an eyebrow again and I nodded slowly.

"Then take off those pants," she ordered.

My eyes widened a bit and I looked over at Professor Edwards. Still naked, good looking but still naked, he stood in the doorway, arms folded across his chest and leaning against the frame, an amused smile on his face. Understanding what Miss Waters wanted didn't take away the fear that she'd change her mind, or the uncertainty of what she planned to do to me. But, I determined to do my best to swallow my nervousness and relax. After all, this wasn't so different from having Kyra upset with me (my fiery tempered best friend). Maybe I could even turn the tables on her if I kept thinking of it that way.

Hands sliding up over the black cloth, I started to work my pants down over my hips, wiggling as the retreating cotton bared my skin to her. As I got them down to the top of my thighs I paused and looked down at the dark fuzz of my pussy, hips thrusting forward as I did. I noticed Emily's eyes were riveted to it. Shooting another quick glance at Professor Edwards, I saw he hadn't budged an inch but was watching the two of us interestedly. Turning around, I bent at the waist as I eased my pants down below my knees.

'Just like Kyra,' I reminded myself as my tushie stuck out towards my teacher, it's firm cheeks spreading slightly, my pussy poking back into view. 'Just distract her from her anger and you're home free,' I told myself. I glanced over at the professor again just in time to see him give Emily a talkative grin. Talkative because it told me that they were having another unspoken conversation; they had obviously been going together for some time. Just then Emily got my attention again. Her hand caressed my ass. She gave it a squeeze and then her other hand came up to join it. She caressed my backside and spread the cheeks. Warm shivers raced through me while I stood there bracing myself against my knees and staring at the floor in front of me. This was so cool. A bit scary, but awesome.

Holding my buns apart, she blew a hot breath between them. I thought my knees might buckle. I was quickly warming to this. If this is what happened when I sneaked in on Miss Waters I'd have to break in more often. A finger began rubbing up and down the length of my pussy inquisitively. Prying it open, she touched the little pink lips that were quickly swelling with need despite my predicament. She tugged them into view, too impatient to wait on them. By this time my breath was a bit hot and ragged. She parted them, exposing the innermost depths of my sex to her curious eyes. As she released them a finger touched the little hole they hid and guarded. The tip of it edged into me, paused, traced the length of my furrow as it left and brushed against my clit as she drew it away. I'm sure it came away damp. I almost came on the spot. I heard a loud sucking noise, but before I could look the finger returned. She rubbed it back and forth briskly, then up and down the length of my pussy before drawing away again.

"Your pants," she reminded me before I could do or say anything else.

Wow. With an appreciative mewl I straightened and peeled off my pants and by necessity my shoes, leaving me in only my shirt. I turned to face her and she smiled up at me with a wolfish grin. I noticed that her robe was practically falling open. I could see the swell of her breasts peeking out from under the white cotton, rising and falling in a deep, steady rhythm. Her chest and throat were lightly flushed. Beneath her belt I could see the deep gold fuzz of her pussy, damp and slightly matted.

"The shirt," she said, flicking her finger upwards a couple times.

The state of her pussy hair reminded me that we weren't alone, and that I'd probably interrupted something. My breath caught momentarily and I peeled my shirt up over my head. I bet Professor Edwards had been in the bathroom when I got here. I'd shown up during the intermission, just in time for the second half. As I dropped the shirt to the floor, I started to look over at Professor Edwards again, but Miss Waters' voice rang out with a demanding sharpness that yanked my eyes back to hers.

"Akriel!"

A hot shudder danced through me. Her eyes slowly ran up my body appraisingly.

"Over my knees," she commanded.

My breath ran shallow, butterflies flitted through me and my pussy clenched. Very aware that I was turning my cute little tushie towards the professor, I obeyed, timidly lowering myself over Miss Waters' thighs.

"Mmm, very nice," she commented, one hand resting on my shoulders, the other slowly roaming over my ass.

Her fingers nudged their way down between my buns and made their way to my pussy. All I could do was stare at the floor and squirm.

"I'm glad to see you so obedient," she mentioned, rubbing my frisky slit and making my breath heavy. "Perhaps we will get along and all this will soon be behind us." Her fingers trailed back up the valley of my ass and her palm flattened over my bottom. "Are you ready?"

I couldn't imagine being any readier.

"Yes, Miss Waters," I managed, legs shifting nervously.

And then the first blow landed. It was more startling than painful, but I yelped and shuddered. It was very soon followed by another, and another, and another until my backside really was stinging and tears rolled down my cheeks. Despite it, my belly was tied in knots and my chest was so warm. My nipples ached to be touched, and as Miss Waters paused (whether to give her arm a rest or to let me catch my breath I didn't know) I kept right on wriggling in her lap. Two of her fingers prodded my pussy, rubbed between the wet lips a couple times and pushed inside me. They twisted and curled like you wouldn't believe. Loud, helpless moans spilled from me and I came all over her hand.

"Now, that was nice," Professor Edwards said from somewhere close behind me. I was beyond worrying about being shy or self-conscious. It was the first thing he'd said since I'd arrived, and I noticed his voice was almost unbelievably deep and husky from watching us. "You've got a hot little devil on your hands," he commented.

"So long as she learns her lesson, or a spanking isn't all she'll get," Emily replied, taking her fingers from me and parting my buns with them, making their deep valley wet and gooey.

A finger nudged it's way into my ass and I inhaled sharply, hips arching up off Emily's lap. Slowly sinking further and further into me, it kept my pulse burning. Wiggling and twisting inside the tight grip of my bottom I found myself thrusting my hips back towards her, fucking her finger.

Pulling her hand away, Emily ordered "Get up, Akriel."

Gaining my feet I looked down at her. She looked almost as breathless as I was. She seemed lost in thought, as though she couldn't decide what she wanted to say. So she didn't say anything. She stood, and as she did her robe finally fell completely open. She shrugged it off and let it fall to the floor, eyes searching my face. I didn't make a move one way or the other, just watched her a bit uncertain what to think. And then her hands took my shoulders and she leaned towards me. She hesitated as though worried I might draw away. I didn't. She pressed her lips to mine in a kiss that quickly blossomed from tentative to hungry. The kiss drew on, all the lust she'd built up pouring into it. 

The suspicion dawned on me that she'd actually been thinking about me for some time, and my unexpected arrival'd given her just the excuse she'd needed to act on it. I was fulfilling one of Miss Waters' fantasies!

Broad palms touched the backs of my shoulders and my eyes flew open at the reminder we weren't alone. I'd gotten so lost in Emily. Professor Edwards brushed my hair back and kissed my ear, making hot shivers race through my body. His lips moved down the side of my neck and across the top of my shoulder. I could feel his hard cock resting against my back. Emily broke the kiss, looked past me at him, eyes beaming and smiled.

"Akriel, you will spend the night?" she asked, almost making it a command, but the tone of her voice making it clear she was giving me the option and really hoped I'd say yes.

I nodded in response, hoping I was making the right choice.

"Good," she said, quickly catching herself as she broke into an enormous smile and clearing her throat as she adopted her stern face again. "Then you can go get us all a drink. You'll find a bottle of wine in the fridge."

As I wandered off to the kitchen I saw the professor bend down and collect my clothing. While I set out the glasses I could hear them in there talking in hushed voices and giggling like young lovers. Yanking the fridge door open, the blast of cold air hit my warm skin like I'd just leapt into the ocean. A wild shiver raced through me and I almost started dancing around on the tiles. Seizing the bottle I was after I made a hasty retreat. The chill made my nipples tingle, the sweat froze on my skin, and it stabbed at my pussy, pinching and squeezing, trying to enter me. As the fridge door swung closed another shiver shook me. I dropped the bottle. I held my breath as I watched it flop over with a solid clunk and roll across the tiles.

"What was that?" came singing out from the other room.

"Err, nothing," I managed hopefully.

"I should certainly hope not," she informed me. "I think you're in enough trouble already, don't you?"

A bit irked with myself, I gave myself a disapproving look, then gathered up the goodies and returned to the bedroom. I found them still standing by the bedside, Emily was leaning into the professor's chest. Her eyes were pure delight and her hand was wrapped around his hard cock. It looked yummy. Professor Edwards is fairly well endowed. I don't mean like some kind of freak, like he'd hung by it when he was a kid or something, but she could have fit both hands and then some on that lovely cock. Though I stopped and watched their intimate exchange, my return interrupted things and I wound up pouring everyone a drink, which we all had while sitting around the bed. We'd barely touched them before impatience got the better of us, and when Emily beckoned me with a finger I didn't take long responding. She was sitting cross-legged near the head of the bed, the professor and I near the bottom. I leaned over her, planting a hand on either side of her legs and kissed her. The bed shifted behind me and large hands glided up the backs of my thighs and over my ass. I wondered if it was still red. It certainly still tingled at his touch and he got my undivided attention when he gave my poor buns a squeeze. He pried my cheeks apart with his thumbs, gave my backside a little swat just to see me jump, then caressed the backs of my thighs some more. At that moment Miss Waters spoke up.

"Lick me," she ordered, leaning back on her elbows and spreading her legs beneath me. 

Her breath was quick and shallow and I realized she might come just at the thought of my tongue in her. Running my tongue over my bottom lip, I lowered my head towards the bed and edged back a bit, slipping my arms under her legs. The tangled gold smelled of lust and Professor Edwards, and her thick, pink lips pouted at me, dewed and spread invitingly. I ran my tongue up and down the length of it twice then fastened my mouth to my teacher's pussy. I sucked fiercely at it, jabbed my tongue into her, curling and pulling. With a loud gasp, her hips shook and shuddering moans spilled from her. Professor Edwards sure didn't seem to mind that my position also thrust my hips out and up towards him. Palms planted on my backside, his tongue wandered up and down all over my pussy and between my buns. It flicked at my ass, probing and teasing, then down it would go, again roaming through my pussy to toy with my clit and back up again. While Emily was coming all over my face I was doing the same thing to the professor. I just kept right on licking, even bringing one of my hands around to help me because I knew it wouldn't take much at all to send her right over again. If there's one thing having friends like Kyra and Arlene has taught me it's how to please a hot pussy. So I kept her body purring and squirming under me. That's when I felt the head of Professor Edwards' cock rubbing up and down against the soft, sticky lips of my puss. Lifting my head, I quickly gave my tangled hair a toss back over my shoulder and edged toward him. In that split second I heard a pained "Ahh...", felt myself back into heavy thighs, his cock slide up between my buns, and then the bed shook and there was a loud whump on the floor behind me. Emily sat up like a shot and I quickly looked round. There was the professor, flat on his back on the floor with his legs still on the bed. He had one hand over his eyes and groaned. Perhaps he'd had too much to drink?
