 The four guys walked through the lounge past Judy and I, on their way out. They looked slightly embarrassed, and avoided eye contact before shutting the front door behind them.

"Are you ok Katie?" i called out.

For a moment there came no reply, and both of us got to our feet from the armchairs.

"Katie, Katie?" And then as we got to the half open bedroom door came the reply, "I'm fucked, well and truly fucked!"

Judy and I had been asked by Katie to be sort of 'chaperones' for something she'd been planning for a while. A friend of a friend had organised what had been her fantasy for some time. It had been Judy who had sparked the interest, after describing how her 'ex' had arranged a gangbang when they were together.

Stepping into the bedroom, Katie was half lying on the dishevilled bed, her head on a pillow, legs akimbo, with a broad smile on her face.

"Oh my god, that was bloody fantastic," she said loudly. "I've never cum so many times in all my life."

Judy and I stood there, taking in the scene, and smiling.

Katie's face was daubed with both fresh and dried semen. Her hair was lank with both perspiration and spunk.

Across her breasts and tummy there were the signs of yet more semen, and between her thighs, and oozing from her pussy, were the milky remains of so much cum.

The crumpled bed had wet patches over much of the sheets, and Katie's clothes and underwear were scattered on the floor.

"You get a shower, and we'll strip the bed and put the sheets in the machine," said Judy.

I think Katie was grateful for the offer, as she heaved herself off the bed, and walked gingerly to the bathroom. 

Eventually we all ended up sitting around in the lounge with mugs of coffee.

She turned to me. "So Becky, you're the gangbang virgin, when is it your turn?"

I giggled nervously. "Yes I told you, when the time is right. I don't want to be labelled a slut."

Everyone burst out laughing.

And that was the precursor to what happened in Germany.

It happened in Cologne. I had been sent, as part of our sales team, to set up a contract with a German company. I went alone, and was staying in a five star hotel in the middle of the city.

Staying in a foreign city, on your own, for three nights, can be lonely. As i knew from experience there is a temptation to drink too much, and the first night i was careful. A light dinner, just one large glass of wine, and an early night.

The second day was 'full on' business wise, but very successful, and I felt good about myself. I texted Katie about the contract, and she texted back something about 'being good.'

When i sat down to dinner, I'd already had one glass of wine beforehand, so when i ordered a whole bottle with my meal I knew that I'd be pretty tipsy by the end. 

Somewhere in the back of my head a voice was saying, "be careful."

At a nearby table four German guys were enjoying their meal, and from my smattering of German I understood that they were from Berlin, and were in Cologne for a football match the following night.

They must have caught on that I was English, and I knew that they were talking about me, and laughing. As I left my table and made my way to the bar, I could feel their eyes on me, mentally undressing me. 

That gave me a buzz, and the alcohol was having that effect I knew so well. It made me horny.

Needless to say, they all came into the bar not long afterwards, and one them, the oldest guy, came over to me, and spoke in broken English.

"I couldnt help noticing that you're English. Are you with anyone? If not we'd love you to join us and have drink, you could help us with our English too."

Why I agreed, I'm still not sure. "Well perhaps one drink, but I've a busy day tomorrow, and I won't be staying for long."

I got up, and accompanied Kurt to the others' table, where they all stood up to greet me. My glass was topped up and the attention I got was huge. These men were all very attractive. 

The decisive moment came when Kurt suggested that we all go up to his room. 

Suddenly the men went quiet, and I knew that if I agreed it would mean possible sex with one, or some of them. This was it, my fantasy, it could be tonight, but was it a huge risk being totally on my own?

"As long as I can trust you guys, I guess you're all used to getting your own way with girls."

"Becky, you will have an evening to remember." 

Then he said something in German that i didnt understand, but made the others chuckle.

"I'm not sure what you mean, but I will place my trust in you, and hope I'm not too drunk."

By saying that I was probably giving them a signal.

Kurt was speaking in German again, as he took my hand and led me to the lift. As we all crammed inside, I had all four men pressed against me. I felt the whole of my body start to tingle, and I could sense my pussy beginning to anticipate.

Kurt's room was like mine, a bedroom with a small relaxing area, an armchair, a small table, and a couple of chairs.

Once inside the other three guys got a bottle of bourbon, and passed it round. Kurt offered me a drink from the mini bar, but I declined, and for no apparent reason said, "If I have another I'm likely to show myself up."

"What does that mean? 'Show myself up?' Is that a peculiar English expression?"

I laughed, "It means I might do something I will be ashamed of, alcohol always gets rid of my inhibitions."

"Then you'd better have another," said Kurt, and gabbled away in German to explain what I'd said to the others.

They all started laughing, and when I actually took a small bottle of vodka, there was sudden applause, and an almost expectant look on all three faces.

I took the minature bottle from Kurt, and unscrewing it, I knocked it back in one go. It seemed like a signal, because Kurt took the empty bottle from me and said quietly, "Has the little English lady lost her inhibitions?"

My reply confirmed where the evening was headed.

Smiling I replied, "I'm inhibition free, you four guys have struck lucky."

Mentally I was prepared, even though I was really quite drunk. But the guys became like bees round a honeypot when Kurt unzipped my dress. It dropped to the floor as one of the other guys unclasped my bra, and his hands replaced the cups. Another guy was crouching down, pulling down my panties, and finally Kurt put me on the bed wearing just my black pull-ups.

As I lay there I watched all four guys strip off, and one of them pulled my head to one side and pushed his semi hard cock in my mouth.

My slightly dizzy brain was processing it all. I knew I had no guardian angel, and that I was placing myself in possible danger, but events had taken over, and there was no going back.

I began to suck the cock and I felt it instantly grow until it became stiff. My head was yanked to the other side as a second guy knelt beside me. His cock was already hard, and he grabbed my hair, pulling me onto him. I gagged as he thrust deep in my mouth, and gasped as he withdrew, before he shoved it back in. 

All my attention was focused on sucking and gasping breathlessly when I i felt the guy on the bed between my thighs. I knew what to expect, I was already wet when his tongue started licking my pussy, and someone else was sucking my nipples. I was beginning to enjoy it. 

The licking stopped and I felt my legs raised up and parted. The first cock entered me and it felt so good. A cheer went up and there was lots of chattering in German as the guy started to fuck me. 

While he thrust in and out, my mouth was trying to cope with swapping cocks in my mouth. I could feel myself building to my first orgasm. 

But everyone wanted a piece of me. Someone else, much bigger, pressed inside me, and this guy knew how to fuck. Within minutes I was cumming and without a cock in my mouth, I screamed out with pleasure. 

The men became more animated, and the guy fucking me was replaced by another. 

What happened I don't know, but he started to cum almost immediately. I felt him pumping his spunk into me, and I could hear him grunting, and the others were jeering at his failure in not lasting very long.

The guys stopped wanting me to suck them, and I was able to see more of what was happening to me.

I watched the guy who'd cum stand up, spunk seeping from his cock, and Kurt replaced him. Our eyes met as he slid inside me, and supporting himself above me, he watched my face as he pounded into me. I could see a look of triumph on his face as I started to cum again.

And now the fourth guy took his place. This now meant that I had had all of them inside me, I truly felt like a slut.

As this guy thrust away I was really enjoying the whole adventure, but I was unprepared and panicky at what was about to happen.

The guy rolled over, pulling me astride and on top of him. I wanted to sit up and ride him, but he kept me pressed close to his chest. It was not long before I realised why. 

I saw Kurt go behind me, and felt his tongue start to lick between my ass cheeks. This was new to me, and his tongue poking into my ass, and licking back and forth, was a pleasant sensation. He kept spitting saliva and pushing his tongue in as far as he could. 

The cock in my pussy was moving slowly, and Kurt's tongue in my fundament was bringing another orgasm. 

Then there came the moment of panic, and I had thoughts of regret.

Kurt voice spoke in English, "Does the English bitch take it up the ass?"

"Noooooooooo, no not that," I screamed out.

A hand clamped over my mouth, and first one, then a second smack landed on my buttocks. My stifled cry was lost, as I felt the head of Kurt's cock press between my ass cheeks. He was ramrod hard, and as he pushed, I tried to struggle, but another smack landed on me, and he pushed harder. 

With all the saliva on his cock he started to prise me open. I tried to relax, and it must have helped because with a grunt he slipped an inch or two into me. 

"Now bitch you are in for a fucking."

As he slid further and further inside me, the hand over my mouth was taken away. With a gasp of air, and a cry of fear, I felt him go in all the way. And there I was, a cock in my pussy, and a cock in my ass.

Kurt began to thrust, slowly at first. The guy in my pussy was just enjoying the sensation of Kurt's movements. And then when Kurt was still, the other guy was thrusting again.

Gradually i was able to accommodate the situation, and I could feel myself building once more. Both guys knew it too.

"Oh god, oh god, oh god..." I repeated over and over again. I was on the edge, but couldn't quite get there. "Oh god, oh god..." And then it all started happening quickly.

Kurt pulled his cock from me, and another guy slid into my ass. He began pumping away, but within a couple of minutes he started to cum. A totally new feeling inside me, spunking in my ass, the guy was breathing heavily. It was the trigger I needed, it pushed me over the edge.

"Oh god, oh god..." I became louder and louder. As my body started to shake, the guy in my pussy shuddered, and i felt him shooting deep into my cunt.

It was an awe inspiring few minutes.

I was left on the bed by those two, and Kurt was inside me again. He had enormous stamina, and fucked me for what must have been ages. I came twice more before he finally erupted inside me. 

The last guy had waited his turn, and I was totally exhausted. He got me on my knees and set about fucking me on all fours. He pummelled me, taking great delight in reaching round to my breasts and pinching my nipples. As always it had the effect of triggering yet another orgasm, and when he finally came inside me, I collapsed on the bed.

The four men were now more subdued. Three of them got dressed and left the room, leaving just Kurt and me. At first he said nothing. He was still naked and sat in the armchair watching me curled up on the bed. I tried not to look at him, but I couldn't resist peeking from the corner of my eye.

I stared through half closed eyelids, slightly horrified. He lay back, taking a swig from a vodka bottle and stroking his cock. I was exhausted, but I could see his arousal and just thought to myself, "I can't take anymore."

The fantasy was over, but in my mind it was becoming an ordeal. I was hoping that I could get back to my room and shower and sleep. The exhilaration of non stop sex and the need to share the story with Judy and Katie was fading fast. 

I lifted my head, and sat up on the side of the bed. My pull ups were stained with all of the semen and I could feel spunk starting to ooze from both my ass and pussy.

As I glanced around for my clothes and stood up Kurt spoke sharply.

"Don't think you're finished yet, slut. Look at this," he said, pointing at his erect cock. "You have got more of this coming."

Standing up quickly, he shoved me back on the bed, and rammed his cock back inside me.

"No, no more, please, I can't take anymore." My pleading seemed to make him more excited. He slapped me across the face, and grabbed me by the neck, forcing my head into the pillow.

"Bitch, take what's coming to you."

I couldn't answer, I was choking. My face must have been blue because Kurt released his grip, but he just continued to fuck me, going on and on.

I had been told that when people are raped then sometimes its best to comply, and get it over with. I guess that this could be argued both ways, I'd just had four different men, and one of them now wanted 'seconds.'

As Kurt pounded away, I relaxed somewhat, and thought it might hurry him up if I pretended to orgasm. I started to make a lot more noise, adding sounds of pleasure, and then moving my body to give the impression of excitement. 

Ironically the pretence worked against me, because as I played the impressionist, I found myself, actually responding to his body. It took me by surprise, when in a rush, I was hit by a real orgasm. 

Thank god it did the trick. With a grunting, gutteral shudder, he came, shooting yet more spunk into me. I took it all, and praised him for his prowess, and managed to slide free from the bed, and retrieve my underwear and dress. 

Kurt was exhausted too, and he didn't say a thing as I staggered out of the room.

Blindly I found my way back to my room, looking exactly like the victim of a gangbang, which of course I was.

I showered, I swallowed a bottle of water, and I sat down to text Judy and Katie.