 Author's note: The final chapter of this silly romp. Don't take it too seriously. The preceding chapters help make sense of this one. Constructive comments gratefully appreciated.

~~~~

"Sarah, you wouldn't be cold if you had helped paddle," I said as we lugged the canoe onto the shore. Sarah's new girlfriend Kim had taken the bow seat at the start of the trip, while Sarah just lounged in the middle. 

The cabin up the hill sat postcard-perfect in the fading October light—framed by pines and evergreens, windows glowing warmly.

Seeing smoke trickling from the chimney, I said, "Prisha has the wood stove going. It'll be plenty warm in the cabin."

Kim clicked off several shots of the cabin and then of the lake with her expensive camera. She had barely spoken to me during the trip, but paused paddling often to take pictures.

Prisha was hurrying down to greet us. "You're early! I didn't expect you this soon." 

We had been apart five nights. The previous Sunday I had to return to the city for work, but Prisha had the week off and insisted on finishing things in the cabin.

Prisha greeted Sarah and Kim and embraced me, her wide dark eyes smoldering with need. "I missed you so much, Daniel."

As we lugged our backpacks and other gear up the slope, Sarah said, "I can't believe you two finished the cabin. Kim, the last time I was here we put the last log into place for the walls, but there was no roof or anything."

Kim gave her lover a sideways glance. "YOU helped build it, Sarah?"

"She was a great help," I said. "Mostly at bossing us around, but she did help with one of the walls and cutting logs. Sarah's a whiz with a chainsaw." 

Kim shuddered at the thought.

Sarah had been seeing Kim for three months, but Prisha and I had only met her once—a hasty introduction moments before the pair left to go clubbing. 

"Don't you try jousting with her, Quixote," Sarah had warned, "She only likes girls."

Kim was adorable—she was nearly as short as Sarah, but where Sarah was lush and shapely, Kim was slender and toned. Her heart-shaped face was cute with big eyes, pert nose, and a cinnamon dusting of freckles.

But it was her hair. Oh my God, the hair. Neon blue, with streaks of pink, purple and green. Kim wore it in two loose braided pigtails that flew and shimmered when she turned her head. It fit well with her modest tattoos and piercings. Throughout the trip, I had admired her hair from my position in the canoe's stern.

I noticed something sitting to the left of the cabin that should not have been there.

"Pri," I said, "you didn't!"

Prisha shrugged one shoulder and bounded ahead to stand beside her construction.

"Ta da!" She flourished her arm like a game show hostess.

"What the hell is that?" asked Sarah. "A wood vat with a smokestack?"

"It's a wood-heated hot tub," I said. "We got it second-hand and brought the parts here last weekend." I scowled at Prisha. "We planned to assemble it in the spring."

Prisha smiled. "I wanted to surprise you, Daniel. Besides, it's cold now. Why wait?"

"Because it takes days to put together? Because I didn't want you working yourself to death while you were here alone?"

Prisha just grinned. Even after months together, she still felt a need to impress me.

Sarah dipped her hand into the water. "It's a little cool."

"I only lit the fire an hour ago. It will be warm soon." Prisha picked up the short stirring paddle and swished the water. "Now, please come inside and warm up."

After the cool October air, the cabin felt like a furnace. Flames flickered in the wood stove.

The cabin was an open plan with a large living room in front. Behind that a dining table sat on one side and there was a small cooking galley on the other. The back wall had a door to a guest room on the left and bathroom on the right. Between the doors, a wood ladder led to a loft where Prisha and I slept.

Prisha gave the tour, explaining the compost toilet, the solar electric system and the need to conserve water. "We don't have a pipe to the lake yet so have to fill a barrel in back for now. We have one more solar panel to install on the roof and then should never need to run the generator again."

Sarah tsk-tsked. "What, no pool table? No home theater? And you still haven't put in that waterslide. I'm disappointed, guys." She paused. "I'm kidding, of course. Amazing job, you two. Dan would never have got it done without you, Pri."

"True," I said. "After years cutting trees and just puttering around, Pri gave me a reason to get it built." I kissed her. Pri hugged me and rested her head against my shoulder.

Sarah grimaced. "Ugh, see what I mean, Kim? They're so straight-laced. No chill at all."

Kim said, "It's sweet. Want them ripping their clothes off and fucking on the floor? Like you do after we've been apart more than five minutes?" 

Sarah eyed her girlfriend. "Don't tempt me. Right now I have a better idea."

With a mischievous glance, Sarah pulled off her top and shed her pants, leaving her naked. She posed with hand on hip until she was sure we were all looking at her pale curvy body and then yanked open the front door and strode outside.

We found her straddling the rim of the hot tub, one leg on the top of the steps, the other testing the water. 

"Sarah," said Kim, glancing at Prisha and me, "You're shameless."

"Dan likes me naked. So do you." She lowered herself into the steaming tub. "Ahhhh, just right. Come on in, you guys." She spread her arms and leaned back, breasts with their pink nipples bobbing to the surface.

Kim threw her hands up in resignation. She cast a wary look at me and then turned her back and stripped.

As she climbed the short steps beside the tub, I studied her body. Kim was lithe with modest hips and a firm round bum. A flower-and-vine tattoo curved across her shoulder blade to the top of one arm. When she turned to lower herself into the steaming water, I saw sweet pokey boobs and a shaved pussy peeking from the gap between well-toned thighs.

Prisha nudged me when she caught me examining Kim and shook her head in mock disapproval. 

Sarah put her arm around Kim. "Come on in, you two."

Prisha and I exchanged a glance and removed our clothes. I never tired of seeing Prisha's body. Her dusky skin, her lanky frame, those delicious breasts capped by dark areolas. 

Kim's eyes locked on my dick as I stepped over the rim and into the water. I was so used to being naked around Pri and Sarah that it only occurred to me then Kim might be uncomfortable around a naked guy.

The tub was small, wedging me between Sarah and Pri, with Kim on Sarah's other side. A submerged fence of slats protected us from the watertight wood stove.

The four of us soaked and chatted, enjoying the view of orange-painted clouds over the darkening lake.

Prisha said, "That's an impressive collection of camera equipment you brought. You are a photographer?"

"You got it. Urban landscapes, portraiture, some conceptual stuff. And then there are the fashion shoots, food, and weddings when I really need money."

"Which barely happens anymore," said Sarah. "She's scored some magazine covers, done some showings. She's getting known now."

"Sarah, look!" Kim pointed down towards the fire pit. 

A doe and her two fawns had appeared, sniffing and picking across the open ground.

"I had hoped we would see them," Prisha whispered. "They have come every morning and evening this week. I think they are foraging for winter."

Kim stood, craning to see the deer and bringing her jutting breasts into view. The doe raised her head at the splash, ears swiveling. When Sarah also splashed, the doe looked straight at us then trotted into the trees. Her fawns leaped behind her.

"See why I like coming here?" Sarah said to her girlfriend.

"I should have had my camera ready. I've never seen deer before. That's the most beautiful thing I've ever seen."

"Naw. You just need to look in a mirror." She pulled Kim back into the water and kissed her.

Prisha and I exchanged a glance. It was odd seeing Sarah with someone else, but we were happy she had found someone she was serious about.

"They may return just after dawn," said Prisha. "Kim, is this really your first time in the woods?"

"Yup. I'm a city girl. Never been camping. Hell, I've hardly ever been out of the city."

"Then this will be a nice introduction," I said. "You should have seen Sarah's face when she first saw the tent I used to have here."

"The tent was fine," said Sarah. "It was being stranded here with a horny old hermit that worried me. A guy by himself in the woods suddenly having three gorgeous women as his captives? Old Quixote here was in heaven."

"Well," I said, "There were two gorgeous women. And Sarah."

Kim chuckled and Sarah elbowed me hard.

"Why do you keep calling him that?" asked Kim.

Sarah smirked. "Quixote? Because he's our knight in tarnished armor. Our crazy old man with delusions of chivalry." She retold the story of how I found her, Prisha and their roommate Julia clinging to their swamped canoe earlier that summer. 

Prisha smiled. "He was so handsome, all rugged gliding up to us in his canoe. He knew exactly what to do and was terribly worried we would die of exposure. He started a huge fire, got us dry clothes, fed us, all the while pretending to be a grouchy old man. It was straight out of a romance novel."

"So that's why you sneaked into his bed that night," said Sarah.

"Sarah!" exclaimed Prisha. "That is private." Then with a coy smile she said, "It was because he was so wonderful. And you were going to do it first."

"Damn right I was."

Kim said, "I don't know why you'd want to." She looked at me. "No offense. You're a good enough looking guy. I just don't get Sarah's whole switch-hitting 'bi' thing."

I chuckled. "It's okay, Kim. Sarah told us you're not into guys."

Sarah said, "You don't have to be into guys to like fucking them. Lots of our dyke friends sleep with guys."

"When they're hammered or super lonely," said Kim.

Prisha looked puzzled. "You have never been with a man? You're a virgin?"

Kim gave a pained smile. "If virgin means someone who's never had sex, not a chance. But if you go by the strict definition set by the patriarchy, then okay... sure."

Sarah snorted. "Yeah, if you're a virgin, I'm Santa Claus. You still should try it. You never know. Maybe you'd stop hating men so much."

"You know I don't hate men, Sarah. I love women. There's a difference. Women are sexy. And some hairy beast using me as their fucktoy, hammering away to get off is as far from sexy as I can imagine."

Sarah grinned. "Sometimes it's fun being a guy's fucktoy. It's primal. And they make the cutest faces when they come. All guys aren't drooling animals, you know. Dan here takes his time. He makes sure Pri and me are satisfied when we have our threesomes... right, Pri?"

Prisha looked away, embarrassed.

"Let him fuck you and find out for yourself," said Sarah, arching an eyebrow.

Kim scowled. "And you should go fuck a squid, Sarah. To find out. You never know... right?"

Sarah considered. "Hmm... tentacles. Well, there must be something to it. It's huge in Japan."

Our laughter trailed off into an uncomfortable silence.

Sarah said, "Hey, this hot tub has cup holders."

"So?" 

"So where are the cups? I brought vodka. And since you're all sophisticated now with your fancy cabin, I have wine too. I'll get it."

Sarah launched herself from the water and strolled naked around the corner to the cabin door, body steaming in the cool air.

Kim shook her head, multi-colored braids waggling. "I'd apologize for her, but I guess you're more used to her than me."

I said, "I don't think anyone gets used to Sarah. She makes sure of it. I'm glad she has you."

Kim smiled. "Sarah's something, all right. She's so wild."

She leaned over to touch Pri's arm. "Prisha, we haven't talked since Sarah and I started dating. I hope you're okay with it."

"Of course, Kim. We were not a couple."

"But you were sleeping with each other."

Prisha shook her head. "Sarah must have explained. It was not at all like that. I like men. But when I was really lonely, and really... horny... Sarah sometimes helped me out. It was only fair to help her in return. We only did it as friends."

"Really? Oh. Hmm. I see."

Sarah appeared with two bottles and climbed back into the tub. "Aaah... this is the life."

Prisha said. "You forgot the cups."

"Pffft. We never needed any before." Sarah twisted the vodka open, took a swig and passed it to Kim. She passed me the wine, which I shared with Prisha.

"So why didn't you invite Julia?" asked Kim. "She had a mean look when I picked Sarah up at her apartment.

"Oh, she was invited," said Sarah, "but she thinks Dan's an axe murderer."

I explained how my wife was killed by a drunk driver who later I almost beat to death in a fit of grief. "When Julia learned about that, she didn't want anything more to do with me."

Sarah said, "She never told us before, but she had a boyfriend in first year of college who hit her. And growing up, her father wasn't too gentle with her mother."

Kim nodded. "I can see why she'd be wary of Dan. Guys can be brutes." She flicked a glance at me.

Sarah said, "Dan snapped. Just that once. No one blames him. Our Quixote here is always a gentleman with us." She playfully licked my ear and then grinned at Kim.

Kim rolled her eyes. "Sarah, sometimes I think you only sleep with girls because it doubles your chances."

We drank and chatted as the stars came out. Kim spoke mostly to Prisha and Sarah, avoiding me.

"Hey," said Sarah. "Kim told me a joke when I told her about the cabin: How can you tell if a house was built by lesbian carpenters? It's all tongue-in-groove, with no studs."

We groaned. I said, "Kim, normally when Sarah tells horrible jokes we throw her in the lake. It's almost a tradition here."

Kim said, "Well, I don't want to interfere with tradition." She gave a half-smile.

Sarah noticed we were suddenly grinning at her.

"What? Oh, no you don't! It was Kim's joke. Throw HER in."

I stood. "Naw. You told it, so it's your fault."

Together, Prisha, Kim and I pulled a squirming Sarah from the tub. She fought as I threw her over my shoulder and lurched down to the shore as she thrashed. The others followed. No one seemed concerned we were all naked.

Sarah cursed. "Don't you fucking dare! I just got warm. Is this how you treat a guest?"

"Nope. Only you." I waded knee-deep, preparing to dump her, when I heard whispers and a laugh behind me. Two pairs of hands shoved me hard, toppling Sarah and me into the inky water.

We surfaced, gasping from the shocking cold, to see Kim and Prisha sprinting for the cabin. I ran after them, watching Kim's tight little bum flexing beside Prisha's darker, more ample ass as they ran.

They almost made it before I grabbed Prisha around her waist. Sarah tackled Kim, and we dragged them back to the water as they squealed and fought. Prisha laughed and protested as I flung her in. Sarah needed help with Kim so I braved her kicking legs while Sarah held her arms. Together, we swung her into the lake.

Sarah and I helped our partners to their feet. They swore and laughed as we hurried back to the hot tub.

As we settled back into the steamy water, Kim said, "That was totally childish, you guys. I loved it. Though it's weird being naked around a guy."

"You can trust Quixote," said Sarah. "Besides, Prisha keeps his balls well drained."

"Sarah, your manners!" said Prisha.

I laughed. I missed Sarah's antics, teasing and drawing outrage from Prisha.

We shared more vodka and wine. Prisha clung to me as she warmed up and I embraced her. Soon she was stroking me under the water, her eyes alive with need. I massaged one of her breasts, trying to be discrete.

I needn't have bothered. Sarah and Kim were openly kissing and groping each other, tittering and whispering as they played. 

Prisha and I decided we should give them privacy. It was time to start dinner, anyway. We stood, preparing to step out, but Prisha had worked me to full erection. Sarah grinned and nudged Kim when she saw it. I covered myself. "Sorry."

"Thinking about me, were you?" said Sarah. Kim scrunched her face and elbowed Sarah hard.

~~~~

Inside, we dried off. I pulled on sweatpants took some towels and Sarah's clothes outside, planning to set them beside the hot tub.

Kim was sitting on the rim of the tub with Sarah's head between her legs. She jerked in surprise when I came into view. I gave her an exaggerated open mouthed look of shock and shielded my eyes theatrically then set the clothes and towels on a chair. I backed away with head lowered and hands raised apologetically. Kim shook her head and waved me away, smiling.

Prisha was chopping carrots when I joined her inside. She had dressed in a short electric blue sundress that beautifully complimented her dusky skin. It was the wrong time of year for such an outfit, but she knew it made me drool.

After five days without her, I was beyond horny. I embraced Pri from behind and nuzzled her neck.

"Mmmm. I'm so glad you're back, Daniel." 

When I started massaging her breasts, she said "Oooo... you know I can't concentrate when you do that," but she covered my hands with hers and swayed as I kissed her neck.

"Daniel, we must... oh... mmm... prepare dinner."

Prisha squawked in surprise when I bent her forward over the counter. "Daniel, the dinner!" She looked over her shoulder and wet her lips, waiting.

I slid my palm up her thigh and under the dress. There was only skin. 

"Naughty girl," I said. "No undies?"

Planting light kisses across her neck and shoulders, I massaged a breast and stroked between Pri's legs until she was panting and moist. She gasped when I pushed her lower on the counter and flipped the dress over her back, exposing her lovely brown bum. She arched her back, dutifully presenting herself.

I lined up and pushed into her. We groaned in unison as I slid balls-deep. Prisha wriggled and pushed back. "Uuuh. Daniel, they might see us."

"They're busy," I said. Prisha scrambled to brace herself as I gripped her hips and began fucking her with loving strokes. Soon Prisha was grunting and gasping as she let me take her.

Over our months together, I discovered how much she loved being surprised—being bent over without warning or fucked against a wall. Sometimes she also liked to dominate: tying me up and teasing me for hours, using me to get her off but denying me until the end. She could only do that with me blindfolded. She lost her nerve if I could see. One time her knots were sloppy—it took an hour to work them loose, but Prisha came extra hard when I grabbed her unexpectantly and savagely fucked her on the floor.

"Come for me, Pri," I whispered as I plunged into her warmth, one hand teasing her clit.

She groaned. "Not now. Just fuck me. Uhhh... use me. Come in me. Before they catch us."

I did as she asked, bucking into her as she braced against the counter and urged me on. The sight of Prisha bent over, her shapely bum exposed, legs spread and arching her back to give me greater access inflamed my need even more. When she started her delightful little "uh, uh, uh" grunts I rammed in deep and let go, blasting her with days of pent-up cum. Prisha groaned as she felt herself being inseminated and reached back, holding me to her.

We stayed with me buried deep inside until our hearts slowed. Shakily, I helped Prisha stand and face me.

She smiled. "You are awful, Daniel."

"Like you didn't plan this, little Miss No Underwear. You know how this dress affects me."

She smiled coyly and shrugged a shoulder.

We cleaned up and focused on dinner. As we worked, Prisha kept glancing at me, a sly smile on her lips.
