 It was late one weekend evening. We'd been out drinking and dancing, and when we got home we barely got in the door before we were fucking like rabbits. Danny ate me out on the stairs to the second floor – he sat me down, spread my legs and pushed my panties aside before diving into my pussy. Damn! He is the most inspired pussy eater I've ever been with. Not that I have an exceptional career as a fuck slut – but let's just say I dated extensively in high school, college and after, and I was an easy lay. What can I say? I like sex! My boyfriends didn't complain, I can assure you. Oh, before I forget, my name's Helena; I'm five-ten, about 150 pounds (give or take), 36D boobs with long, dark nipples. I'm not too impressed with my butt, although Danny raves about it. Especially when he's buried himself in it. 

I had been out of college and in the working world for about three years when my best friend Georgia introduced me to Danny. That women should be enshrined and worshipped – it was a match made in heaven, and Danny and I were married within six months. Georgia's still very much a part of my life – our life, actually. It seems Danny and Georgia had dated for a while, so they had been intimate. Indeed, that's how I found out about his pussy loving. And since I wasn't restricted to one side of the street, I had spent some time in Georgia's arms as well. Even today we occasionally all get together. But I digress.

Danny's up under my dress, snacking on my pussy. I'm loving it – who wouldn't – and I came multiple times in very short order. He pulled his head out, face glistening with my juices, and grinned. 

"You bastard! The only man I ever met who can bring me off multiple times before I'm naked! I so love you! Now let's get upstairs, get naked and then fuck each other silly for the rest of the night!"

"Your wish is my command, madame!" He helped me up – I could barely stand – and we then proceeded to go upstairs, get naked and fuck each other's brains out! What did you expect? 

I lost track of how many times I came. I know he came twice. Both times deep in my pussy. I still love feeling his cock jerk and pulse, and I can't even begin to describe how it feels when his hot cum spurts in my belly. At any rate, he was lying on his back as I played with his cock, attempting to bring some life back into it since I'm a completely selfish bitch and can't get enough cock. (Yup. I'm a dream wife – a dirty slut in the bedroom and a princess everywhere else. And I can cook!) His cum dripped out of my pussy, and when I got on top of him and put it in his face, he began to clean me up. I was nibbling on his dick but it wasn't growing. 

"Ooh, honey, the way you're eating me you'd think you love the taste of man cum." I said. His dick immediately grew hard, and his mouth stopped moving.

"Don't stop, baby. But something about what I said must have hit a switch somewhere, 'cuz you're hard again. Did it have something to do with you and other cocks?" Now his dick was twitching hard. I had to pursue this, which meant I reluctantly moved my pussy away from his loving tongue so I could look at him. I stroked his boner as we changed position.

"Is there something you want to tell me?" I asked? "Remember, I'm the experienced slut in this relationship. I'm also pronouncedly bi – so if you've discovered some tendencies we didn't know about, that's cool." 

He was having a hard time (yeah, I get the pun, okay?) speaking. So I continued.

"You've wondered about sucking cock, haven't you?"

He nodded and kept his eyes lowered. 

"Have you already tried it?"

His lack of response tweaked my senses. "You have! No problem – unless it's since we married. Have you cheated on me?"

"No. No. It was before we were married. Before we even knew each other."

"Well, shit! Tell me all about it! My dirty mind wants to know! Did you get a blowjob in a video arcade? Oh, wait – did you give a blowjob in a video arcade?"

His face reddened and he meekly nodded. But his cock was now like a steel bar! 

"Okay, tell mama all about it!"

"I'm embarrassed."

"Yeah, too bad. You're also hard as a rock – I'm not sure I ever got you this hard!"

"Well, er. Okay. It was after I moved here from Texas." (We lived in Boston, having met at school.) 

"I was downtown and stopped in a porn store. I hadn't had any action for months and months. I changed a ten, collected my tokens, and went into the video booths. I didn't realize it, but the one I went in had a glory hole."

"A what?" I asked. I actually knew the answer, but wanted to keep him talking and get into the details.

"I don't know why it's called that, but a glory hole is basically a hole in a wall at about waist high. It's so guys can stick their dicks through and get them sucked."

"So you didn't see it, but when you did you knew what it was?"

"Yeah. I'd encountered them before. Hell, I'd let guys blow me before. I was actually hoping they had one – I was horny!"

"Now the truth comes out! You were looking for a hot mouth and no responsibility!" 

"Yeah," he said, sheepishly. 

"Okay. No harm. Go on. This is getting interesting." 

"Well, I put my tokens in the video and sat to watch. Naturally, I was hard in no time at all and I pulled out my dick to play with it."

"Naturally," I said, a little sarcastically. 

"Oh come on, you know it has a mind of its own! And it's not like you don't feel the need from time to time. Like that road trip we took last weekend..."

"Yeah, yeah, you're right. Sorry to get judgmental. Anyway, you were sitting, your very large and lovely cock in your hand, and then what? Three guys suddenly barged into your booth, forced you to your knees and pried open your mouth?" I laughed as I said it to lighten the mood.

"No. Not exactly."

"Well, tell me what exactly happened?"

"That's when I noticed the hole. Given the size of it, I was sort of surprised I hadn't seen it sooner. The sides of it here taped to prevent splinters. It was big so a lot could go through. And I saw a hand in it, beckoning. I stood up and shuffled over. Before I put my dick through, I let him feel it. His hands were soft and supple, and I liked how they felt, so I stepped up and stuck it out. It was worth it. There was a hot, wet mouth there that spent a lot of time sucking on the end of it before swallowing all of it. And I was impressed. I mean, it took your some time to get used to all of it – this guy didn't need any warm up. I was impressed! And he used his hands to plan with my balls – I was about ready to get off when he took me out of his mouth and pushed my cock back to my side. I was surprised – I thought he wanted to finish me off. Anyway, as I'm standing there, here comes his dick through the hole."

"Yeah? So? You could have just ignored it, right?"

"I suppose. But the thing was, I didn't. First off, his was even bigger than mine. Thicker. And he wasn't cut – it was different from mine. So first I touched it, and then I began to play with it, and shortly I was on my knees and trying to fit him into my mouth. I don't remember everything I was thinking, but it felt right. And when I heard him moan, I suddenly wanted to do more. And that's when I stopped thinking and just began to use every thing I'd ever seen on a video. I was going to give him a blowjob he'd never forget."

"Did you think about him cumming? You knew he was going to cum in your mouth, right?"

"I knew. In an abstract way. But I kept going, trying to force his dick down my throat, playing with his big balls. And when he let me know he was going to cum, I had to think for a minute. Was I going to swallow? And the answer was of course. So I was ready – I thought. Except he went off like a fucking gusher! I swallowed as much as I could, and the rest dripped out of my mouth. Down my chin. I kept sucking on his dick until he pulled it back."

"Damn, that was amazing! You available outside of here?" He asked. 

"Well? What did you say?"

"I told him no. I think I've regretted it ever since."

"Pretty hot story, honey. Was that the only time?"

"No, for about six months I stopped there about once a week. Sometimes I'd get a blowjob, but I guess I gave more than I got."

"Why did you stop? Seems like you liked it."

"I did, but I kinda got concerned about disease, so I stopped."

"But you enjoyed it – Mr. Cock certainly says so!" I took his hard cock in my mouth. I could taste my juices on it. The residue from his cum. Both were tastes I enjoyed, so now I was going to give him a memorable blow job! And I did. I don't love deep throating, but it wasn't about what I loved – I opened my throat and took him all the way in, my nose in his pubes and his balls on my chin. I swallowed around him. I bobbed up and down. I just wanted to show him how much I appreciated him telling me all this – and I was turned on by his story and my sudden descent into wanton cocksucking debauchery!

It didn't take too long before he came, and I swallowed it all. Good to the last drop, as they say! 

"You want me to say that was better than a guy, don't you?" He teased.

"Wasn't it?" I countered.

"Visually, absolutely! Guys don't have boobs that move like yours. Or big nipples that stand up and shriek squeeze me! Oh, you are much more visually stimulating than any man could be."

"I hear a but..."

"But, guys do an overall better job. Sorry, but it's true. Besides, seems to me you've said pretty much the same thing – Georgia seems to hit places I miss. Am I right?"

"Okay, I'm not hurt. I won't stop sucking that cock of yours because there are better suckers out there. Besides, this is about you sucking cock – not getting sucked."

"Right. Thought we'd avoid that, but yes, you're right. I guess I do get off sucking cock. I mean, no guessing. I do, and I haven't in a long time. I'm not going back to sleazy video booths, but I wouldn't kick a big cock out of bed."

"Good, because I really would like to see it."

"What?"

"Look, you get off when Georgia and I go down on each other. Well, don't you think turn 

about is fair play? I mean, just thinking about you becoming some guys bitch tingles my twat! Have you ever done more? Like, anal?"

"No, I never let a guy fuck me. But after some of our little pegging sessions, I could probably let that happen."

"Oh, baby! I have got to find a guy! I think it would be incredibly hot to watch that! Can you tell how hot it's making me?" With that I grabbed his hand and placed it on my now gushing cunt. He grinned, inserted a couple of fingers and took me for a ride! Before I knew it he was eating me out and I loved it. I came three times before I made him stop! But that night will always be one I remember!

It was a day or so later that Georgia and I were out to lunch together. Like I said earlier, we've gotten together to eat more than just food – although this time that was all we were doing. Where I'm relatively tall at five-ten, Georgia's a tiny thing – she claims to be five foot, but only in heels. We are both 36D – but on her tiny frame you'd swear her boobs were much bigger. But, in the battle of the body parts I have a much better ass. She even says so! 

At any rate, we were in a booth at the diner, and just finishing lunch when the topic turned to sex. As it generally does. She was currently dating Tony, a tall black dude from Georgia. I loved his southern drawl. They were very happy together – and she let me know one of the reasons for that. 

"Honey, he's hung like a fucking horse! No kidding – when I see those videos of the girls who suddenly discover a monster dick – I know exactly what they feel. And yeah, some of them are faking it. But it my case it was real! I swear, I really was scared I was going to be permanently hurt by it!"

"How is it?"

"Oh my fucking God! It's amazing! He goes deeper than any man ever has, and he opens me up like a can. What's amazing is that somehow I can now take every inch of him! I don't know how – it feels like he's fucking my tits from inside them sometimes – but my God, I'm his absolute slave! I will do anything for that dick!"

"Mmmm, Danny's big, but it sounds like Tony's a freak of nature."

"I don't know about that – but maybe we should set you up to try it out!" 

"Or..." I said.

"Or what?" She asked.

"Did you know Danny likes to suck cock?"

"Your Danny? Really? How? What?" She was stunned, to say the least.

"It was before we were married. From what he said, probably before the two of you were going out, for that matter. But yeah, my stud-muffin is also a cock sucker. And I get the feeling he'd be happy to resume his evil ways. I'd love to see it, actually. After all, he's watched us, right?"

"Yeah, he likes that. And now that you mention it, it would be hot to see. But you're not thinking that Danny and Tony...? Are you?"

"It did cross my mind, frankly. What do you think Tony would do?"

"I can tell you right now – he'd probably be fine with it. But I suppose I should sound him out about it. Let me get back to you on that."

"Well, I don't know about you, but all this talk has gotten to me. I was just planning on going home and getting into my goodie box. What about you?"

"Maybe I should join you. I haven't gotten into your goodie box in a while." 

We grinned at each other. Then we paid the check, left a tip and adjourned to my place. On the way there I got Danny on the phone.

"Hi, Danny. Not to be a cock tease, but Georgia and I are about to spend the afternoon together. Seems we were talking about our men, and got a little riled up."

"Damn. Wish I could be there! Would you consider turning on a camera?"

"Why, so you can jerk off at your desk? I wouldn't want to contribute to bad office behavior on your part, you know."

"Fuck no. I figured I'd put it on the screen in the lounge, and then charge admission!"

"In your dreams, mister. Love you. Bye!"

We pulled up to my house and went inside. Then it was a race to the bedroom to see who got naked first. She won, but it was close. I threw on a DVD of some girl-on-girl action, and put my goodie box between us. There we were, propped up in bed, both of us stark naked. I didn't waste any time – I grabbed my favorite dildo and my small vibrator and put them to use. Georgia rooted around in the box, pulled out the nipple clamps and proceeded to put them on my tits. The pain was exquisite and I felt my pussy twitch as she tightened them. Since she was up on her knees, her boobs were in my face so I latched onto one nipple and started sucking. Hard. 

"Ooh, you're so devious! Let me take over." She said. And with that, she grabbed the dildo that was now partially in my pussy and began to stroke it in and out. Each time she pushed further in. Then she moved my vibrator away from my clit and replaced it with her mouth. 

What could I do at that point? I simply had no choice – I moved the vibe to her clit and held it fast. We'll see who cums first!

Well, so much for intent. I was the first to cum, with clamps on my nipples, a big dildo fucking me and Georgia tongue dancing on my clit – it was marvelous! And she wouldn't let up, so as one orgasmic wave finished she started another one. Pretty soon it was all I could do just to lay there and take it. I gave up all pretense of trying to get her off and just enjoyed being the center of attention. 

Finally, she pulled her head off my love button. I continued to twitch from the waves of pleasure for a bit. When I opened my eyes she simply grinned at me before rising up and then sitting on my face! Now it was my turn to return the favor, and I went at it with a vengeance. I grabbed both of her big boobs and applied pressure, friction and torque. In other words, I squeezed and pulled and twisted them. She situated herself so her clit was on my tongue and then I used every square inch of my tongue to enfold it. Soon she was cumming on my face as I continued licking. 

Eventually she too had enough and basically fell off my face and onto the bed, a limp dishrag of human flesh still vibrating with her orgasms. It was fun to watch! When we both settled down, I turned off the DVD and we just lay there, blissed out. And that's when the idea occurred to me. 

"Why don't you bring Tony over on Saturday. I bet the boys would love to have seen this. They'd be hard as rocks, right?"

"Oooh, you dirty girl! You're right, though. And there's nothing more impressive than Tony when he's hard. I mean, I kinda like the idea of putting on a show – and I know you do, you exhibitionist slut!"

"Hey, baby, don't go all innocent on me. You like it as well! Anyway, it doesn't matter who likes it more. The entire point would be to turn to the boys and tell them it was their turn. I think it would be very hot to watch them go at it, don't you?"

"Absolutely! I've got some Willie's Reserve from my last visit to Colorado. I'll bring that with me. You provide anything else, right?" 

"Deal! It won't exactly be what the boys will be expecting when we break it to them but that's their problem, right?"

At that point Geogia got dressed and left. I slipped into a robe, and waited for Danny to get home. Oh, and I may have played with my toys, and brought myself off a few times while I was waiting. I mean, what's a horny girl to do?

Over the next few days Georgia and I touched base a couple of times. We even managed to trade pictures, and I had to say, Tony really did have a monster dick. I was almost ready to come up with a pretense for trying it out before the weekend, but I'm proud to say I held off. I did spend a lot of time with very large objects inserted in my nether regions, but I behaved. Sort of.

Anyway, Saturday night came around, and Tony and Georgia came over. Danny had the grill going and was tending to the steak and shrimp. I was in the kitchen, eyeing the cucumber and debating about cutting it or other creative uses when the doorbell rang. Never mind – I bought it for the salad and I'd use it for the salad. Georgia and Tony didn't wait on ceremony. The bell was essentially an announcement that they were coming in. I stepped into the hall to greet them. They were quite a sight. 

As I said, Georgia is a tiny woman with tits that seem bigger than they are in comparison. And, in this case, she'd neglected a bra, so her nipples were attempting to poke through her t-shirt. She had on Daisy Duke shorts and they really didn't cover much. And Tony? Damn, but he was a hunk of masculine energy. He stood about six-four, maybe 250 pounds of well-formed male meat. (His very tight t-shirt showed off great pecs and suggested a set of abs.) And there was no mistaking the very large meat he carried since it was running down his pants. The man was a motherfucking stud! 

"Well, Tony, I can see what Georgia's mad about! You are one hung stud!" Did you know that black men blush? I hadn't even thought of that until I saw it happen! He came over to me and evenloped me in his arms. As he hugged me I could feel my pussy get very wet! Especially when I came up against that monster dick. 

"This is going to be good!" I said. "Let's finish off the introduction outside where Danny's at the grill. Grab a beer and come on out back." 

Danny and Georgia weren't strangers, so their hugged greeting seemed destined to raise the temperature. Then Georgia introduced the two guys to each other.

"Tony, this is Danny. He was pretty good in bed when we used to go out, but he can't hold a candle to you!"

"Thanks, Georgia. That's a real ringing endorsement. I think." Said Danny.

"Well, you aren't exactly in his size class." She said, drawing all eyes to his crotch, and down his leg...

"Whoa. I guess you're right! Hi Tony, I'm Danny." 

They shook hands after they did one of those "sizing the other guy up" kind of dances. 

