 What follows is an account of another swinger weekend my wife and I have just returned from.

We returned yesterday and I thought I would get this on paper before I forget details.

After our first in 2015 and several in between we decided to "up" the stakes and go to a better organised event where there was less of an "every man for himself" approach and more emphasis on quality rather than quantity.

The whole weekend took place in a beautiful hotel in the city of Trencin. Wonderful rooms, great service and a swanky "glass and stainless steel" design.

We arrived and checked in and at first we were rather surprised the even would be in such a large hotel (Surely we didn't have dedicated sole use of it?) but we also felt a surge of excitement and curiosity of how exactly things would play out.

The event had been titled "All about girls" and the description had read that the focus would be focussed on their enjoyment and their journey (aren't they all anyway?). The men here would be just along for the ride (no pun intended) and we were just props.

We unpacked in our room and Sylvia showered. I sat on the bed mainly glancing at my watch and wondering why we had arrived two hours early. Sylvia exited the bathroom with a towel tied around her waist and her long blonde hair hung wet around her face and shoulders.

She started to talk animatedly about the room, the shower, the hotel ANYTHING other than the forthcoming event and I could see she was again nervous about what was to come. The soft lighting of the room caught the beads of water on her ample DD's which still sit high and tight for a woman in her mid 40's, I watched as the beads eventually pooled and traced a line downwards across her tight hard stomach to the towel beneath. We had known about this weekend for a few months and she had been working hard on her body for it, just here now, with no make-up, no clothing and with dishevelled hair she looked like a wet dream.

I showered and re-entered the room to find her wearing just a skin-tight long-sleeved body, bent over the dressing table applying her "smokey-eyed" make-up. That ass, BOY that ass. Something about the black thong pulled taught between those cheeks that framed her perfectly and made her even more irresistible.

The meet and greet too place in the conference room. It was explained to us that we didn't have exclusive use of the hotel and that we would need to be discreet. The first night the ladies were divided into two groups of hosts and visitors, at this point the ladies in the visitor group stood and walked out to a second room and the separate briefings started.

The host ladies stayed with us and he rules were very simple: 

The Visitor ladies would dress seductively but cover it with a coat dressing gown (their choice).

The husbands/boyfriends would escort them to a room number to be determined later.

The visitors would then put on a soft blindfold, knock the door and be greeted by their unknown hosts.

The husband or boyfriend would then "officially" hand them over and leave. 

We weren't actually going to leave them(unless pre-arranged with the host couple), but the visitors weren't to be told this.

As far as they knew they were suddenly left alone in a room with two strangers they couldn't see, to be used as a sex-toy out of the gaze "they believed" of their significant other who they thought was doing a similar thing elsewhere!

Most of us laughed when this was explained to us. The thought of the sheer panic when our wives were "left" was a comical thought if, not a little cruel!

The Visitors were given a similar briefing but NOT told they would remain accompanied by their other half, Sylvia told me later that a loud gasp erupted when the "hand-over" was explained.

The visitors would then introduce themselves by name to their new hosts and explain why they were there "My name is XYZ, I'm here to XXX!"

Briefings over, we all met in the bar with lost of excited chatter, giggles and smiles. We all made note of three couples we wanted to meet, the slips were handed to the organisers and they set about match-making. Sylvia smiled and said "Oh my god, I can't believe we're doing this, this is so twisted!" I laughed and told her to just relax and enjoy the experience, this wasn't the first swinger event we've attended but probably the most exciting so far.

After a few drinks we all headed back to our rooms to get ready, I received a call to tell me our match and which room number (YES, we had the couple we both liked!).

Dusan was a well-built businessman in his mid 30's. Already silvering at the temples but obviously a keen sportsman. His wife Katka was a tall slim brunette with her long hair in a high pony-tail and a fabulous smile. This girl could look good wearing a sack!

Sylvia changed into her (now) trademark black suede thigh-boots, a small black lycra g-string and cup-less black bra that fastened around the neck in a choker. She looked amazing, the epitome of sexy.

In her new-found alcohol aided brazenness, she threw on her light summer coat, tied the belt and said, "Ok, let's do this" and flashed an excited smile with her bright-red lips.

We walked along the corridor and down the next floor, passing several middle-aged couples on the way who were totally unaware of our game and passed pleasantries with them as we strode past. Arriving at room 214 and I took one last look at the sex-goddess in front of me (she looked amazing)and I took the blindfold from her trembling hands, fastening it tightly around her head. 

"Will I like them?" she asked as I secured the knot.

"Boy will you!" I replied as I recounted the obvious attraction I saw her showing towards Dusan when they first met.

I kissed her deeply, trying not to smudge her lipstick and told her have fun as my hand slipped into the front of her coat and cupped her breast, she moaned and smiled as I knocked the door.

Dusan opened the door in just a towel and smiled. Katka appeared in the background in a corset and stockings, pouring out of the top of it and waved to me smiling. I took Sylvia's trembling hand, extended it towards Dusan and told him,

"Here she is, have fun" whereupon he gripped her waist, drew her deeper into the room as I kicked off my shoes quietly, noisily closed the door and crept to the chair Katka had been motioning towards.

Katka leaned over me and forced her tongue into my mouth as if to set the tone. It caught me off-guard as my focus had been on Silvia standing silently at the foot of the bed awaiting her prompt.

Katka placed her finger on my lips to suggest silence, turned and walked towards Sylvia where Dusan was already gently his hands over her clothed form building tension.

"Speak!" Katka ordered

"uuuuuh, My name is Sylvia and...I'm uh..."

"here for WHAT?"

I saw Syvlia visibly stoop as she surrendered all remaining resistance to her pride and decorum

"My name is Sylvia and I'm here to be fucked like a slut!"

(I hadn't known that was coming nor would have imagined it could have come, but this was already getting interesting. I was about to see my wife untamed and uncontrolled)

"Fucked like a slut huh? ARE you a slut Sylvia?" Dusan inquired.

"Yes" she uttered.

"YES what?"

"yes I am", I am a slut now!" she blurted out.

Dusan slowly reached for her waist-belt and started to untie it as Katka approached her, cupped her face in her hands and began to kiss her passionately, forcing her tongue into Sylvia's mouth.

"Wow" Dusan moaned as he pulled her coat open and slowly eased it off her shoulders admiring her body as he pulled it further. 

"You certainly dress like a Slut Sylvia, wonderful".

Katka broke the kiss and I heard Sylvia gasp for air as she tuned her attention to Sylvia's breasts, he kissed her neck from behind as his hands gently stroked and groped her arse. He glanced at me, winked and smiled as I gave him the thumbs-up. Katka glanced over and motioned for me to undress which I started to do as silently as possible.

Dusan standing behind Sylvia swept his hands around her waist and slowly glided them towards her stomach and pussy while Katka caressed her breasts and arse. She fiddled for a second and I saw Dusan's towel drop to the floor.

Sylvia's mouth opened in shock as his now unrestricted dick slapped against her buttock

"Your cock is so HOT" she gasped as she slowly reached behind her to grasp it.

"Oh my god...it's so thick" as her fingers reached their goal and encircled his shaft.

Katka glance over to me, gave me a sultry smile and slowly moved towards me.

She stood in front of me very casually as she switched-on the TV and found MTV for background noise.

Standing behind me and stroked my chest, her lips grazed my ears and she whispered "She's beautiful, look at her"

I glanced at Dusan and her snogging passionately over her shoulder, he with a hand-full of breast in each hand, she with one hand over his and her other still wrapped around and slowly stroking his dick. 

Katka's hand extended towards them and she pointed to Sylvia's open legs. Her pussy was actually dripping onto the carpet without there having been ANY contact with it.

"I'm on" Katka whispered to me as she released my throbbing dick, brushed past me and moved a chair to Sylvia's side.

She lifted Silvia's Foot onto the chair and knelt below her, slowly starting to kiss the top of her thighs and was soon lapping at her pussy.

Sylvia groaned and automatically thrust her hips forward at this new attention, less than a minute later her voice trailed into a high-pitched wail as she gushed juices and he legs buckled, falling forward onto the bed. I have seen he squirt before, but never with such uncontrolled abandon.

Sylvia lay gasping and softly weeping on the bed as Dusan turned her over onto her back. Her legs draped from the edge, her knees wide apart.

I watched fascinated as her red swollen pussy spasmed and she came down from and earth shattering climax.

Katka came to me and again passionately kissed me again, I savoured the taste of my wife on her lips as she aggressively forced her tongue into me. She broke away and sank to her knees in front of me and I rolled my eyes as I saw her beautiful mouth sink around my burning cock. She kneaded my balls with one hand and gently massaged my arse with the other gently plying my anus with her finger, slowly but gently forcing gradually deeper.

I opened my eyes and glanced over to see Dusan laying on the bed massaging her tits and throat as his cock slowly pistoned in and out of Sylvia's mouth. Her scarlet lips in stark contrast to his pale skin.

Katka was an expert cock-sucker and very quickly got to the very limit, then stopped, firmly grasping the base of my dick and pressing a finger into my perineum. "The Urge" subsided almost instantly but I was almost desperate to cum! Sensing my frustration she stood eye to eye with me, her lips brushing mine as she spoke,

"Not yet...your time will come. This is about her remember" she whispered to me and she playfully raked my balls with her nails and kissed me, winking as she turned.

Dusan was now getting close to flooding Sylvia's mouth with his own cum, he grinned, nodded to Katka and withdrew from her mouth.

"You certainly suck dick like a slut Sylvia" he said as Katka crawled up the bed.

She pause a while to exchange a passionate kiss with her, breaking away as suddenly as she had began before straddling her face. I watched engrossed as Sylvia lapped at her pussy while she clawed and gently squeezed her arse in rhythm with her tongue, her own hips started to slowly gyrate as she licked her.

Dusan broke away from it all to take a drink and give me the thumbs-up affirming my agreement and we both watched as Katka rode her face harder and faster while her own climax built ever closer. She screamed loudly (worryingly loudly actually) as she arrived, and I saw Sylvia's face and hair glisten with Katka's juices. Both girls lay side by side gasping for air as my wife wiped her mouth with the back of her hand and ran her tongue across her smudged lipstick.

Dusan offered a glass to Sylvia's mouth and the gulped greedily, no doubt a little exhausted and dehydrated by it all. He lay on the bed next to her and tenderly caressed her breasts and occasionally her pussy. Katka shimmied across the bed towards me with a sexy smile and mischief on her mind, she sank to her knees in front of me and resumed her earlier attention to my now burning hard-on.

I stretched-out and watched them passionately kiss on the bed and what started as a gentle slow kiss built to a faster, more desperate hungry kiss as Sylvia got more and more aroused by it all.

My wife whispered something to him.

"What?" he asked her.

"Fuck me" she replied "Fuck me like a slut. Use me, fill me up, get your cock in me, please...fuck me" she shouted.

We all glanced at each other and grinned wildly as she lay there expectantly, Katka stood and threw her leg over me facing away as we both watched Dusan move to the foot of the bed and draw Sylia's knees over his arms.

It was mesmerising to watch as she lay there open mouthed in expectation, her hands on his shoulders as he positioned his dick at her glistening pussy and I think we all felt it as he thrust into her on one go.

"ooooooff" she exclaimed as the air was driven out of her violently and suddenly.

She threw her head back arching her neck and although I couldn't see them, I knew she was rolling her eyes.

I hadn't even felt Katka sink herself over my dick, but she settled on my lap and slowly rocked back and forth as we watched the erotic punishment unfold in front of us.

Sylvia, he and we moved in unison. As he slowly thrust forward into her, she arched her hips upwards so he hit the spot.

Katka pushed her hips forward and I "bottomed-out" in her. She closed her hand over mine on her throat urging me to lightly choke her, I responded and in turn her pelvic thrusts became slower but deeper.

She reached behind her and hooked her hand behind my neck, arching her back and as she did so.

Sylvia's groans were becoming more and more desperate now as his movements changed. What had been slow thrusts were now no more than him lifting her up and down his thighs as if he were using her to do a barbell curl. His dick was grazing her g-spot with every lift until suddenly she fell silent, mouth open...her orgasm teetering on the edge for seconds. Katka stopped her thrusting and we watched as Dusan did four more but deeper curls with my wife sending her over the edge with a powerful half scream. Katka thrust at me wildly and sent us both over the edge together just as Dusan slammed into Sylvia and exploded inside her.

I felt Katka pulsate around me as she came half a second after me, never have I felt such a powerful orgasm.

Sylvia, then I followed by Katka and Dusan all came within seconds of each other, a truly incredible experience and as mine subsided I watched Dusan withdraw his softening dick from my wife's swollen red pussy as she started to slowly seep his cum onto the bed. Katka climbed on top of Sylvia and she fed her my cum and she lapped up her own husband's in a classic 69.

Dusan and I put on robes leaving the girls and we left the room to stand and chat on the balcony.

I redressed there and some time later tip-toed past the napping girls to noisily knock the door as if coming to collect my used wife.

He helped her from the bed, she threw her coat back on and Sylvia kissed me passionately as if glad I was back. I could taste my own cum on her mouth.

"Well?" I said "you happy? You done?" to her.

An almost drunken innate smile spread across her face and she murmured "MMmmmmmm, I... AM!!" nodding as she did.

Smiling broadly Dusan added, "She was right, she really is a slut" and we shook hands.

Outside their room in the corridor I removed her blindfold, her eye make-up now streaked like she'd either been crying or running a marathon, he lips were puffy and swollen - she looked amazing.

"I can't fucking walk properly" she laughed "my legs and my cunt are tingling!" she giggled (she never EVER uses that word!)

Breakfast the next morning was hilarious, I still hadn't told her who she visited and she tried to guess but without success. We ate and went back to bed as she and I had spent the rest of the night intermittently fucking, each silently re-living what went on in room 214. We woke at around midday and decided to get some fresh-air ready for this evening's entertainment. Sylvia was like a bitch in heat all day constantly making sexual references with a wholly newer cruder vocabulary. Her believing she was alone with them had certainly heightened her pleasure. It revealed yet another sexual lever of hers that I've never seen. As we walked I replayed the whole event in my mind and marvelled at the sex-goddess walking beside me. Mother in the home, lady in the street and total slut in the bedroom.

Whatever was coming it was set to be spectacular...