 As I walked to my car, I heard them. Two people making love. The moans and groans were distinctive and I could hear skin slapping against skin. I shamelessly stopped and listened. I could hear the bedsprings creaking as the two of them bounced on the bed, their moans getting louder and more frequent.

"Oh yes," I heard one say. "Fuck me harder."

It was hard to tell but I thought the voice I heard was male but I couldn't be sure. I waited until I heard the voice again.

"Fuck me stud. "Fill me with your hot come."

Yep, it was male and he was being fucked in the ass. It was very erotic listening to them as they came, both groaning loudly.

"Feel my come fill you up," the other voice said as he grunted loudly. "I'm cumming."

"Oh fuck," was the last sound I heard.

After a few minutes of silence, I suddenly realized where I was and started towards my car again. I didn't move fast enough though as a voice stopped me.

"Did you like what you heard?" the voice asked.

I glanced up but couldn't see anyone. I started to answer when a hand touched my arm. I turned around at the touch and there standing beside me was a neighbor, an older woman, whom I had only said hello to a couple of times in passing.

"Didn't that sound erotic?" she asked, a grin on her face. "I love to hear people making love. It's very erotic and almost like being there, don't you think?"

"Yeah, I guess," I stammered. "If you put it that way."

"I enjoy listening to people and wouldn't mind watching them either," she continued. "I enjoy making love but haven't had much chance to do it lately. How about you?"

I couldn't believe what I was hearing as I looked at the woman. She had a great smile and whiter than white teeth, making her smile, all that more attractive. She wasn't very tall but as I quickly scanned her, I noticed she had a pretty good-looking body. Her breasts were rising and falling with her breathing and she had a small, firm ass. Her clothes seemed to accentuate her features and she was taking advantage of it as she grinned at me, waiting for me to speak.

I grinned at her. 

"Are you hitting on me?" I asked.

"Maybe," she replied quickly. "Its just hearing the two people making love has made me horny and wanting to do something about it."

I couldn't believe what I was hearing. I stood looking at this woman and started wondering what she would be like in bed. 

"Well, what do you think?" she asked. "You look like you have the right equipment."

I suddenly realized that my cock had started to rise and was straining against my pants.

Teasingly I asked, "How do you know that?"

"I can see for myself that you need some relief," she said quickly, looking at my groin.

All I could do was laugh and she grinned at me.

"I've seen you with your wife and have mentally undressed you every time. I've imagined you fucking me with your hard cock and now I want to feel it in me."

"I don't think my wife would appreciate me fucking around right under her nose," I said, after composing myself.

"Well, she could watch if she wanted to," she replied. "I don't mind if you don't."

She took hold of my arm, leading me back to the complex.

"Come on, let's go ask your wife."

I stopped in my tracks. "I don't think that would be a good idea."

"Oh come on," she quipped. "What can she say. She looks like a sexy lady and you never know what she wants and needs."

Again I stopped but she was insistent.

"Come on," she said, leading me to our suite, a big grin on her face. I watched her as we walked and felt a soothing but confident feeling about her. We reached our door and she stopped. 

"Well, go on. I'm right behind you."

I slowly opened the door and let her in. 

"Honey," I called. "We have some company."

My wife poked her head around the corner and smiled.

As I closed the door, my wife came out of the bedroom, walking over to the two of us. 

"Honey this is," I looked at the woman. "I'm sorry, I don't even know your name."

"Hi, I'm Donna,' the woman said, extending her hand towards my smiling wife. "I live in the other building.'

"Hi," my wife said. "I'm Joan and this is Jerry."

She led Donna into the living room. I followed, wondering how Donna was going to bring up the subject and wondering how my wife would react. The two women settled into chairs and started chatting. I sat in a corner chair and watched the two of them. 

"We don't know many people in the complex and it's nice to finally meet someone. We haven't been here that long and we were wondering who the other owners were," my wife said.

"I've lived here for five years," Donna said. "I don't know that many either."

The two women laughed. 

"How did you meet my husband," my wife asked.

"Oh we were listening to two people making love and we started a conversation," Donna answered. 

My wife shot me a glance and then turned back to Donna.

"Actually, that's why I'm here," she said. "After hearing the two people, I asked Jerry if he would fuck me."

My wife's mouth dropped as she stared at Donna.

"Don't blame your husband, he's not the one who started this. It's just that I haven't had a good hard cock inside me for so long and after hearing the two people this morning, I wanted to feel Jerry's cock fucking me. Only if you say it's ok, though."

My wife leaned back in her chair and looked over at me then back at Donna.

"Let me get this straight," she started. "You want Jerry to fuck you and you're asking my permission, is that right?"

"Yes, that's about it," Donna answered, smiling at her.

My wife just shook her head. She looked over at me again.

"What do you think about this?" she asked.

I didn't know what to say, so I didn't say anything, but I lowered my gaze to the floor.

"Don't worry about it," Donna said, standing up quickly, a smile, still on her face. "It's just a lonely woman's fantasy. Maybe I better go."

Before she could take a step, my wife stopped her.

"No wait. Let me talk to Jerry for a minute."

She stood up, motioning me to follow her. She closed the bedroom door and turned towards me.

"Is this for real?" she asked.

"I think she on the level," I answered. "I didn't make any advances towards her at all. She has been the one making the moves."

"She seems like a nice lady and maybe you would enjoy fucking her," my wife said, looking around the room.

"Honey!"

"Well, maybe you would," she continued. "We love to fuck and I don't see anything wrong with you fucking another woman as long as I am present."

I looked at my wife, not believing what I was hearing.

"You mean, you wouldn't mind me fucking Donna?"

"No, I wouldn't mind. "It might be fun watching you do the things to her that you do to me," she said, reaching out of squeezing my cock with her hand. "You have a great cock and you certainly know how to use it."

I couldn't say anything. I just shook my head and turned to open the door. My wife grabbed my arm and whispered, "Remember, only if I am present."

I walked shakily into the living room and Donna met me with a big smile.

"Well, what did you decide?" she asked. "Would you mind Jerry fucking me?"

"No, but only if I can watch," my wife answered.

"That's ok with me, in fact, I would prefer it that you were there," Donna said quickly.

"Ok, when do you want to do this?" my wife asked.

"Well, I'm horny now," answered Donna quickly as she took a deep breath. "I'm ready if he is."

"Well, honey," my wife asked, looking at me. 

I looked at the two women and answered, "I'm ready if she is."

Donna immediately stood up and started taking off her clothes. I watched her as she shed her pants and stood with only her bra and panties on. I looked around at my wife and she was watching Donna strip also with a lusty grin on her face. 

Donna looked at me. "Come on stud, get those clothes off. I want your big hard cock in my cunt, right now."

As I started to undo my pants, Donna took off her bra, letting her breasts free from their constraints. They were beautiful, firm, round and her nipples were hard, sticking straight out. I moaned softly at the sight of her and watched her remove her panties. Again, I moaned as she turned to face me. He cunt was shaven and was as smooth as a baby's bum. 

"Come on big boy," she teased. "You know you want this," reaching down to finger herself as she watched me strip off the last of my clothes. As my hard cock sprang out of my shorts, Donna moaned loudly.

"Oh baby,' she said, holding her hand out to me, inviting me to her. "I know you are going to fuck me really good with that hard cock. Come on, stick it in me."

She moved around the end of the couch and leaned over the arm, pointing her ass at me and wiggling it a little.

"Come on, stick it in me. I need your cock inside me now," she grunted, almost yelling.

I moved to her and reached out, feeling her cunt with my hand. She was already wet and ready so I moved up and pointed my cock at her cunt.

"Come on," she said, reaching around to spread her cheeks apart. "Stick that monster in me."

I moved forward and entered her. She cried out as I pushed my cock deeper and deeper into her wet, hot cunt.

"Oh yeah, fuck me hard."

I stopped when my balls came to rest against her ass.

"Please fuck me now," Donna pleaded. "Fuck me as hard as you can."

I slowly withdrew my cock and then thrust fully back down into her.

"Oh yes, that feels so good," she screamed. "Fuck me with your joy stick and fill my cunt with your cream. Oh yes, fuck me harder, fuck me."

I sped up my thrusts and was soon pounding in and out of her as fast and as hard as I could. She was moaning, intermixed with screams of "Oh yes, yes, yes."

I came suddenly, my cock twitching and spurting my come up deep inside her.

"Oh fuck, I can feel you coming," she screamed. "Fill me up with your hot come."

I thrust a few more times and then held myself against her ass, pumping load after load of come up her cunt. 

"Oh baby, your cunt feels so good. I'm going to fill you up with hot come," I yelled at her.

She was groaning, moaning and yelling as I continued to pump my come inside her. "Oh yes, yes, yes!!!!"

I slowly withdrew my softening cock from her cunt and she slumped down more on the couch. She lay there for a few seconds and then sat up.

"That's the best fuck I've had in a long time," she said, smiling up at me. "You can fuck me whenever you want and I hope you want to again."

I suddenly remembered my wife was watching. I turned around and found her with her fingers furiously, rubbing her clit. She was close to climaxing and she threw her head back and let out a loud yell, "Oh yes."

I watched her shudder through her climax and then settle down onto the floor, moaning softly as she did. She looked up at me and grinned.

"That was the most erotic thing I have ever seen," she said. "Watching you two fuck made me so horny, I had to finger myself."

"That's ok, dear," Donna said. "I know how you feel."

I looked first at Donna and then my wife and they were both sitting watching me with big grins on their faces. 

"God, Jerry sure knows how to use his cock," Donna said. "I wouldn't mind having it again, if he's up to it."

"He may be up for it but he's going to have to fuck me first before you get a second chance," my wife said.

She stood up, slowly making her way over to the couch, sitting down beside Donna. I watched as the two women looked at each other and then reached out, pulling themselves together. I watched their fingers reach each other's cunt and dip into the wet slit. Donna sighed loudly and my wife squealed a little moan as they started to finger fuck each other. Their lips met and I could see their tongues exploring mouths as they finger fucked each other. They were moaning louder now and soon they both came again, letting out loud groans of pleasure. I looked down and saw that their hands were soaking from each other's juices. They continued tonguing each other as they softly explored each other.

Donna leaned back and looked at my wife. 

"I want to taste you," she said, looking deep into my wife's eyes. "I want to stick my tongue as far into you as I can and suck your juices out of you."

"Oh yes, suck my cunt," my wife said passionately. "Stick your tongue inside me and lap up my juices."

She quickly moved around onto her back on the couch and raised her legs over Donna's head. Donna dove between her legs and started lapping at her cunt, sending my wife into another climax. I watched Donna's tongue go in and out of my wife's cunt and lick and suck on her clit.

"Oh god, suck me," my wife yelled, holding Donna's head against her. "Suck me harder."

Donna was moaning too as she continued to suck on my wife, sticking her tongue up inside her as far as she could. 

"Oh fuck, that feels good," my wife yelled. "Fuck me with your tongue you whore. Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me!!!"

The two women came suddenly. I could see the moisture from my wife covering Donna's tongue as she continued to lap and lick at my wife. They squirmed and writhed in a huge climax and almost fell off the couch in their excitement. Donna slowly lifted her head away from my wife's cunt and kissing it softly a couple of times, moved up into the waiting arms that surrounded her. She moaned softly as my wife held her against her breasts, both of them, breathing heavily. I watched the two of them slowly relax.

Donna suddenly sat up. She looked at Joan and then at me, more specifically, at my hard cock.

"I'm sorry Joan, but I need Jerry's cock again," she said, grinning at both of us. "It looks like it needs a cunt too."

My wife glanced up and saw my cock sticking straight out in front of me.

"It does look like it needs some help," she said. "Go ahead, let Jerry fuck you."

Joan moved to the end of the couch as Donna again leaned over the arm, pointing her ass at me. 

"Wait a minute," Joan suddenly said. "Move over here," pointing to the middle of the couch. "I want you to suck me while Jerry is fucking you."

"Oh yes," Donna squealed as she moved between my wife's legs again. She started licking at my wife's cunt and wiggled her ass at me.

"Come on Honey, don't make her wait."

I moved between Donna's legs and thrust fully up inside her, making her moan into my wife's cunt. 

"Fuck her hard as she's fucking me," Joan panted at me. "I want to feel you push her face against my cunt every time you fuck her."

I started thrusting in and out of Donna, making her face crush against Joan's cunt with every thrust. I pounded in and out of Donna as fast and as hard as I could, wanting to fill her with another load of come.

"Oh yes, suck me," my wife was yelling. "Suck me harder. Make me come again."

"I'm coming," I yelled at them. "I'm going to fill your cunt full of my hot seed, you whore."

"Oh yes, fill her up," my wife yelled as I started to pump my come up inside Donna's cunt. "Fill her up so I can suck it all out of her."

I pumped load after load into Donna, all the while, my wife coming on her tongue. 

"Oh fuck, she's making me come again," my wife yelled. "Oh fuck."

As I held myself against Donna, I watched my wife come again and heard Donna's muffled moans underneath me. I slowly withdrew my cock and watched my wife climax once more as Donna continued to lap at her cunt.

"Oh god, that feels good," my wife exploded. "Suck my cunt, your whore."

Donna kept up the pressure and brought Joan to a crashing climax. The both moaned together as Donna came in my wife's cunt. 

"Donna," my wife gasped. "Turn around, I want to suck you." 

Donna quickly turned around facing me and stuck her cunt into my wife's face. Joan quickly started licking and sucking at her cunt, making Donna groan loudly. I could hear Joan's slurping noises as she sucked on Donna, tonguing her clit and making her push her cunt harder against Joan's face.

"Oh fuck," Donna yelled. "Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck."

She came suddenly and shuddered as she climaxed against Joan's mouth and lips. 

"Oh fuck, Joan," she yelled. "Suck all Jerry's come out of me. Suck me."

The two women slumped down on the couch, big grins on their faces.

"God, if only I had known,' Donna started. "I would have been over here a lot sooner.'

"Yeah, if only we had known," Joan said, laughing. "We would have had you over a lot sooner too."

The two women moved into each other's arms and softly kissed. They hugged each other for a few minutes and then separated, looking over at me. 

"Well, Jerry," Joan said. "What do you think? Do you like having two sexy women to fuck whenever you want?"

"It couldn't get any better than this, could it?" I asked.

The two women could only smile at me.

"Next time, we'll have to do this at my place," Donna said. "How about tonight?"

We all laughed and after getting dressed, made arrangements for meeting later that night at Donna's.

"I think I'll have a surprise for you both," she said as she was going out the door. "Something I think you'll both enjoy. See you later."

She disappeared smiling and I closed the door to a grinning, satisfied wife.

"How was she?" Joan asked. "Was she as good as me?"

"Honey, no one is as good as you," I answered, smiling at her. "No one will ever be as good as you."

"Come on stud," she grinned back at me. "Show me."

I followed her into the bedroom and was soon cock deep inside her. 

"I loved watching your cock pounding in and out of Donna," Joan said as we lay in each other's arms. "I loved watching your cock slide in and out of her cunt, making her lips suck you in every time you thrust into her."

"Like this," I said as I started to thrust slowly in and out of her cunt.

"Yes, just like that," she panted up at me. "Fuck me like you did her." 

I started thrusting faster and harder, making her yell out.

"Oh fuck me, Jerry. Fuck me hard."

I came inside her, pumping my come up into her cunt, making her scream out in another climax. I held myself against her groin as I emptied myself into her and then just held her, letting her enjoy the throes of coming again. 

"Oh Jerry," she moaned softly, as she moved out from under me and into my arms. "I can hardly wait until tonight. I wonder what Donna has in mind."