 The following is a brief story of something that happened in Autumn 2015.

After 20 years of marriage and two young kids our sex-life had pretty much been demoted to "functional" at best. My wife Sylvia, is a truly magical mother who's never ceased to amaze me with her untiring care and love for our two fabulous kids and while she's put her heart and soul into raising a family, the "wife" side of things has petered-out slowly over the years and we drifted apart. 

A lot of people will appreciate that when you've seen the woman of your life covered in vomit, up to her elbows in baby-poo and nappies, the sex-appeal does eventually start to go out of the window.

We had a chat, realised there was a problem and I put the swinging-thing on the table.

It had always (as far as I can remember anyway) been a big fantasy of mine and we'd talked and joked about it a few times over the years. We joined a swinger's site booked a place at the next weekend event and waited.

Almost from the day we made the reservation things started to hot-up between us. Although she wasn't about to readily admit it, the idea of this whole thing excited her as well as me (Sylvia told me much later) but she had a lot of fears about it also.

Her main one was that I just wanted to have sex with another woman (she couldn't have been more wrong), I reassured her that I just wanted us both to explore a few things, we could start off with same-room sex with another couple, where we don't actually swap, if she liked...and that my main objective was for HER to have a great time, lose control a bit and just go with whatever came up.

She's always been good in bed and I KNEW there was a kinkier, dirtier side to her, but I only really got to see it when she'd had a bit to drink, she was actually very coy about it.

The weekend arrived, the kids were driven over to the unsuspecting grandparents and off we went to a very secluded small hotel in the mountains.

The conversation in the car on the 2 hour journey started off with both of us both avoiding the main topic, but after a few miles developed into expectations, fears, reservations and our "wish lists". It actually surprised me how similar our lists were. 

After the ice-breaker drinks and the meal where everybody got to know the others there, everyone went to their rooms, showered and changed and went back to the "function room". The guys dressed smart-casual mainly, although one or two wore some laughable costumes.

The ladies slipped into something a little less conventional and a lot more sexy. There was a huge difference in their choices too. While some of the girls wore sexy, tight mini-dresses that would be ok in a nightclub, others there changed quickly into just underwear and even bondage-gear.

Sylvia wore a tight fitted mini-dress that leaves very little to the imagination, with thigh-boots and I have to say she looked amazing. She said she felt really confident which was nice to hear.

She is from Central Europe, so has the high cheekbones, tall (5'10" without heels), long legs, blonde hair and DD's that belong to a woman 20 years her 43 years. She looked delicious and there were a few fleeting moments that I had doubts about this whole thing, but I quickly overcame them. After dressing and a few shots of whiskey, we went down to the function room where the furniture had all been changed, dimmed lights and music.

What HAD been a large bookcase on one side, had folded down into the room and was now a HUGE bed (maybe two double beds...and a little more!)the large mattress was red leather.

The sight that met us as we entered the room was a shock to say the least.

One of the girls we'd been talking to during the meal was now being "spit-roasted" and at the same time she was masturbating a third guy while a crowd gathered around the bed. One of the guys finished and was quickly replaced by another waiting in the wings, there was an orderly queue of two, maybe 3 others.

(Had we really taken THAT LONG to shower and change??)

The music was thumping and the atmosphere was highly charged, BUT, this SERIOUSLY wasn't what either of us had in mind.

We stayed and watched this and consequent "displays" but were lucky enough to strike-up conversation with another first-time couple who actually looked more than a little shell-shocked.

We got chatting with them, a professional couple (lawyers) and hit it off, learning that there weren't there for an "every man for himself" gangbang, they were looking for very similar things as us.

The girls went up to the dance-floor while he and I sat, chatted and watched and out of nowhere the girls stopped and started kissing passionately and caressing each other's bodies. THIS was definitely on my list and I soaked up the beautiful sight in front of me.

They came back eventually, looking flustered but extremely happy with themselves, and when the suggestion was made to move upstairs, I think we all agreed in unison in nano-seconds!

We all went back to our room and ended up naked , the girls almost Naked and collapsed onto the bed together with our respective partners.

Sylvia had left her thigh-boots on and looked astounding, while our female guest Tomi retained stockings and heels.

How it began I have no clear recollection of now, but after a short while the girls decided they'd like to pick-up where they left-off.

Watching your beautiful wife, being passionately kissed by another attractive woman is a deep-seated fantasy of many men, sadly for most it remains that way. My wife arched her back in ecstasy as each side of her she had a man pawing, licking and sucking her ample breasts, while Tomi nuzzled, licked and fingered her to a shattering orgasm.

During the foursome the girls did a lot of exploring each other, and at one point I sat on a chair and watched for a while as the three got "lost in the moment".

Watching her becoming a purely sexual animal was an amazing sight to behold, I've never been more in love with her or more proud of her. The brief for her was to "lose control" with no repercussions and no guilt, and boy had she made a good start.

Although the guys did fool around with each other's women a lot, there was no partner swapping that night (It was how the girls felt comfortable), but the plan was for a same-room swap the second night.

The second night came and he had become seriously ill (we found out later that he came there incubating food-poisoning!) So, our plans made the previous night were basically wrecked.... Or so we thought.

Emboldened by our baptism of fire the previous night, when the time came to go downstairs Sylvia decided to wear a black g-string, her thigh-boots and one of my white shirts left open and her long blonde hair loose falling over her shoulders. Her choice surprised me as she is usually quite reserved and takes time to get warmed up but I wasn't about to spoil the moment.

She truly looked wonderful and seriously confident and as we entered the function room all eyes were on her, some from admiring girls, but without exception from the guys there. The crowd on the second night had changed a bit from the first, one or two of the couples had left having only intended a single night stay, two of the guys were ill and instead it seemed a small addition of single guys had arrived. The new guys were a little too pushy and Sylvia really wasn't into any of them so we both more or less decided that if nothing happened...then that was fine.

The drinks flowed but the newer single guys became more pushy and this really wasn't going well. Until..... a guy came up to my wife and asked her to dance. We'd spoken to him the previous night, he was there alone after splitting up with from a long relationship and was a nice guy. He was quietly spoken, respectful and I could see there was a spark there.

My wife asked me if I was ok and I said that I was more than cool with it, "go with whatever comes to you...with no repercussions". So they danced a bit, then a bit more and she came back and asked if I was still ok with it. She said that he'd started getting a bit more tactile, holding her waist and stroking her arse, and asked me if it was ok for her to develop things a bit. I reminded her of the brief and told her to enjoy herself.

They did.

They continued to dance and pretty soon she turned with him dancing behind her. He placed his hands on her hips and she was grinding back against him. Pretty soon there was some overt groping going on and I watched transfixed as his hands roamed higher and slipped into the open shirt as he cupped and kneaded her breasts. Caught up with the excitement, freedom and eroticism of it all she turned her head and they started kissing over her shoulder. He slowly edged one hand lower to caress her pussy, and I saw her her legs open slightly to give him access and a definite signal that were now very few boundaries.

Her shirt soon fell from her shoulders and hung around her elbows and mid back as they continued while others in the room watched. Gradually his hand slowly fell from her breast and snaked it's way into the front of her g-string and I saw her mouth open slightly, gasping as his fingers finally found their target and he slowly massaged her clit. Not too long after she strutted back over to me looking like a girl I've never met before and confidently said, "OK...shall we all go up?" not really believing what I'd just seen and heard I agreed LOVING this new slutty side of my wife.

We retired to our room walking up the two flights of stairs he and I walking behind her, BOTH admiring this incredibly sexy woman swaying ahead of us (both staring at her arse) and neither of us quite believing our luck.

We spent the next few hours doing "whatever came to mind". I can't remember how things started in there, or how exactly things progressed, we'd all had a few drinks (he more than us) and to be honest the whole weekend had become one lust-filled blur. I remember looking down at one point and watching my dick disappearing and emerging from her lips as he slowly fucked her pussy and thought that this is the best porn-film ever, and my wife is the star! Sylvia remembered later how he was almost totally hairless and smooth. Peter was some sort of swimmer we learned, so had a goo lean physique. I remember vividly a feeling of mixed lust and jealousy as I watched her mouth sink over his dick for the first time, and the stark contrast between her scarlet lipstick and his tanned skin. I'd watched her sucking dick a thousand times but never from this amazing voyeuristic angle.

I've never seen my wife looking so sexy OR been so proud of her. All three of us had great sex, laughs (at times) and we both left the hotel the following morning satisfied in every sense of the word.

That was 4 months ago now and while we aren't "hardened swingers" we both agree that a return is a must, for now though...we can't keep our hands off each other (twice a day minimum!)

Watching my wife with another guy was a long held fantasy of mine and it turns out it was HERS as well, it certainly did the trick for us both. It's a HUGE test to watch what you've tried to avoid/prevent for years. I'd thoroughly recommend it, just get your head straight first!

For Christmas last year my wife had a boudoir photo-shoot done (the best present ever). Of the many outfits and costumes she wore for it, she remembered that weekend and had a few taken in the boots shirt and g-string she wore as a subtle/ private secret (My profile picture). A print of that now hangs on the wall of our bedroom.