 Joan and I arrived at Donna's place around 7 that night. On the way over, Joan kept asking about the surprise Donna had in store for us.

"What do you think it is?" she asked numerous times.

"I don't know but I'm sure after this afternoon, it will be a good one," I answered.

We arrived at Donna's and Joan knocked on the door. We waited for a few minutes and heard some noises coming from the other side of the door. Finally, Donna opened the door. Joan and I stood in the hallway, stunned by Donna's appearance.

She was wearing a see-through top and from where we stood, we could see all of her, her hard nipples and her shaved pussy. I whistled a little and Joan gave me a nudge. 

"Well, don't just stand there gaping, get in here," Donna said, smiling at us.

"Hey, you have a really nice place here," Joan said as she took off her coat.

"Thanks," Donna answered, ushering us into the suite.

I couldn't take my eyes off Donna. Her nipples were sticking straight out, through her top, and I could see them getting harder and harder. She noticed me and rubbed them with her hand, all the time watching my face.

"They're ready for you, Jerry," she said as she rubbed and pinched her nipples. "They've been waiting for you since this afternoon."

"What about me?" interjected Joan. "Don't I get some consideration here too."

Donna didn't say anything but took her top off and walked over to Joan, sticking her breast in her face.

"Here you go. Suck me."

Joan stuck her tongue out and started to lick around the nipples on her left breast. I moved over to Donna and took her right breast in my mouth, sucking gently on it. She moaned as she held our heads against her breasts, letting us lick and suck.

"Oh fuck, that feels good," she panted. "Both of you are so good at sucking."

Joan stood up and leaned into Donna, crushing her lips against Donna's mouth, pushing her tongue between her lips. I moved behind Joan and started to undress her as she kissed Donna. Before I could get all the clothes off Joan, Donna stopped us.

"Wait a minute,' she started. "Don't you remember I told you I would have a surprise for you both? Don't you want to know what it is? I know you'll both enjoy it very much."

Joan and I sat down on the couch and looked at Donna.

"Well, we're ready," Joan said, smiling at Donna and taking my hand in hers.

Donna looked at me and started.

"Jerry, you remember how this all started? Listening to two people making love? Well, I found out who they were and invited them over tonight. They're going to give us an exhibition. I hope you both enjoy it."

As Joan and I glanced at each other, the doorbell rang. Donna went to the door and let two young men into her suite.

"Joan and Jerry, I want you to meet Joe and his partner, James," Donna said to us. 'Boys," she continued, looking at the two young men, "Jerry was the other one who stood and listened to you two this afternoon."

The two men smiled at me and shook our hands.

"Boys, we're ready for you if you are," Donna continued.

"Where would you like us to do it?" Joe asked, looking around the suite.

"Right here in the middle of the room," Donna answered quickly. "We want to watch every move."

"This ok with you?" Joe asked James, who just nodded. Looking back at Donna, Joe said, 'Ok, this will do just right."

"Good," exclaimed Donna as she moved us over on the couch, making room for herself between us. I quickly looked over at Joan and she had a funny grin on her face. I looked back at Joe and James and they were taking their clothes off, rubbing their hands over each other as they did. We watched the two men strip each other and start to kiss. I looked at Joan again and she had a finger in her cunt and Donna was playing with her nipples. They were both staring at the two men in the middle of the room.

I looked back at the two men and watched James take Joe's hard cock in his mouth, starting to suck on it. Joe started thrusting his hips back and forth, fucking James's face. As they fucked, I heard small, soft moans coming from the two women. Joe leaned over and kissed Joan on her mouth as James sucked on his cock even harder. Joan reached up and held Joe's face in her hands and thrust her tongue into his mouth as they kissed. 

I felt Donna trying to undo my pants so I quickly stood up, shedding my clothes as fast as I could. I moved in front of her and she took my hard cock in her mouth, groaning around it as she did. I watched Joan and Joe kiss and suck tongues for a few minutes, then decided, I wanted to watch James suck Joe's cock too. I moved around a little until I had a good view of the other four in the room. Donna was sucking harder on my cock now and I felt a little twinge. I stopped her and pulled my cock out of her mouth. She started to protest but I pointed to James's huge cock and she got down on the floor, taking James into her mouth. I sat back down on the couch and watched the four of them make love.

Joe suddenly, stood up straight and stopped James. He took his cock out of James' mouth and said, "I want to fuck you," looking around the room. "Over there," pointing to a chair.

James got off the floor and walked over to the chair Joe had pointed at. Donna had to scramble a little because she still was sucking his cock when he stood up. She watched Joe move behind James and point his hard cock at James' ass hole, thrusting into him in one full thrust. Joe started fucking James with long, hard thrusts making James grunt every time he entered him fully. It was the most erotic thing I had ever seen, watching two men fuck.

Joe started really pounding in and out of James as I stole a glance at the two women. They were transfixed, watching the two young men fuck. They both had a glazed look in their eyes and were moaning softly as they fingered themselves.

After a few more minutes, Joe announced in a loud voice that he was coming. He thrust once more into James and held himself against his ass, pumping his hot come deep inside James' bowels. They were both moaning and James was sweating profusely. Joe finally pulled his cock out of James and turned to look at us.

"Wow," Donna said. "That was great."

"Yeah, makes you want to get fucked in the ass, doesn't it," Joan blurted out.

I looked at the two of them and they were still fingering themselves and I could tell Joan was almost ready to come. Her breathing was getting raspier and shallower as she fingered herself faster and faster. She came with a loud yell and fell back against the pillows of the couch. Donna soon followed and she slumped forward onto her knees on the floor. 

I looked over at the two men and James had gotten off the chair and they were watching the two women.

"That was great," I said to Joe. "I've never seen two men fuck before."

"Would you like to try it," Joe grinned at me. "James will let you fuck him, if you like."

"No, I enjoyed watching but I'm not sure if I want to get involved, at least, not right now," I answered, smiling at him.

"Well, when you're ready, just go for it."

The two women had settled down a little and Joe looked at them.

"Boy, you two are really hot," he said. "I wouldn't mind fucking the two of you."

Donna, who had stood up, reached over and grabbed Joe's cock with her hand. She started to rub it, up and down its length.

"You can fuck me any time you want, stud," she said. "In fact, I want you to and I want James to fuck me too."

Joan spoke up then, "You can fuck me too," she said, grinning at Joe. She quickly looked over at me and asked, "Honey, would you let Joe and James fuck me?"

"Only if I can watch," I replied. 

Joan grinned and fell back on the couch again, spreading her legs and fingering herself as she looked at James.

'Come on, big boy. Get over here and fuck me with that hard cock."

James moved over to Joan and got between her legs, placing them on his shoulders. He leaned forward and thrust into her in one thrust, fully filling her cunt with his cock. Joan screamed out when he entered her and he started thrusting in and out.

"Oh yes, fuck me hard. Fuck me with that hard cock," she yelled at him. "Fuck me harder and harder."

James really started thrusting in and out of Joan's cunt. I could hear the slurping noises from her cunt as it sucked James's cock in. I watched her lips pucker outward when he withdrew and then suck him back in as he thrust quickly back into her. Donna had moved over and had Joe's cock deep in her throat, sucking on it, trying to get it hard again. I watched his cock grow in length as she sucked on it and soon he was fully erect. She sucked on him again and then took him out of her mouth.

"I want you to fuck me now," she said as she turned around on her hands and knees. "Fuck me as hard as you can."

Joe knelt down behind Donna and thrust his hard cock into her, making her yell out as he entered her.

"Oh yeah, that's it. Fuck me hard," she yelled at him as he started to pound her cunt.

I watched the two couples fuck and soon heard James telling Joan that he was coming.

"Fill me with your hot come," Joan yelled at him. "Fill me up with your hot seed."

'Oh yes, I feel you coming," she screamed as Joe pumped into her a final time. "Fill me up, you stud. I want all your cream inside me."

James held himself against Joan's groin as he emptied his balls into her. She was coming and yelling at the same time, telling him to completely fill her up. Donna was panting now as Joe pounded her cunt from behind. 

"Oh fuck, that feels good," she yelled at him. "Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me."

Joe started to come soon after and had his cock buried deep inside Donna as he pumped his hot come deep up into her. As I watched them, I felt a warm mouth engulf my cock. I looked down and James had my cock in his mouth and was licking and sucking on it. I had had my cock sucked before but nothing like this. He ran his tongue up and down my length and swirled it around the head of my cock, making me want him to suck it more. I groaned loudly as he sucked me and started to come in his mouth. He clamped down on my cock with his lips and sucked all I could give him into his throat and swallowed it. He released my cock slowly after I had finished coming and looked up at me, smiling.

"How did that feel?" he asked.

"That was great," I managed to say. "That was great."

Joan was suddenly at my side, kissing me.

'That was great watching you, get sucked off by a man. I would really like to see you with a hard cock in your mouth," she said.

"Honey, I don't know if I can do that," I answered.

"Sure you can," she said. "You would probably really enjoy feeling a hard cock against the back of your throat and feel it spurt hot come down your throat."

"Well, maybe later," was all I could say. 

She smiled at me. Donna spoke up.

"Well, what do you two think of my surprise, so far?"

"I like it," Joan smiled at her. "I just don't know how many times I can be fucked though."

"Well, let's find out," Donna answered as she moved between Joan's legs, spreading them as wide open as she could. She leaned forward and started eating Joan's cunt, with loud slurping noises. I watched her tongue slide in and out of Joan's cunt as Joan writhed in pleasure. Donna moved up and started sucking on Joan's clit, making her yell out.

"Oh fuck, that feels so good. Suck me you whore."

The two women were in a world of their own and the three of us men, watched them for a few minutes. 

"Hey Jerry," Joe suddenly said, snapping me out of my stupor. "Ready to try a hard cock?"

I looked quickly at the two women and then over at Joe. 

"Maybe," I answered. "But I have never done it before so you'll have to teach me how to do it properly."

"No problem," Joe said as he held his hand out to me, helping me off the couch. "Come on over here." 

I followed him over to the chair he had fucked James on and watched him sit down. He held his cock in his hand and was rubbing up and down its length, making it hard again. He looked up at me and motioned me to get on my knees between his legs, which he opened wide. I did and soon found his cock inches from my lips. I could smell its aroma and it was intoxicating, making me want to suck him even more. I slowly parted my lips and leaned forward, taking him into my mouth. I let him slowly slide his whole length into me and felt his head against the back of my throat.

"Don't take it too deep at first," Joe said softly. "Just take what feels comfortable and feel its hardness inside you."

I let him withdraw his cock until just its head was in my mouth and then he slowly slid it fully back inside me. I swirled my tongue around it as he did and he groaned slightly. I let him withdraw it again and pump it back in a few more times. I took his cock out of my mouth and looked up at him.

"Ok, that feels great. Now, I want you to fuck my face."

I put his cock back in my mouth and he started to thrust his hips up and down, fucking my mouth with his hard, beautiful cock. I sucked on him as hard as I could as he fucked me and soon felt his cock twitching. I knew I was going to get a mouthful of come soon and he did come, spurting his come into my throat. I didn't have time to swallow it all and some leaked out around his cock onto my lips. He finished coming and I held him inside me, not wanting to take his cock out of my mouth. 

Finally, after what seemed like hours, I slowly pulled his cock out of my mouth. I looked up and him and smiled at him, licking my lips, tasting the last of his come on them. 

"That was great," I said. "I've never tasted come before. It was good and sweet."

All Joe could do was smile at me. 

"Ok, everyone, I think its time for a break," Donna announced. I looked around and she was sitting beside Joan and they were smiling at me. Joan came over to me.

"That was wonderful, watching you get fucked and swallowing all Joe's come. Now you know why I love to suck your cock so much."

I grinned at her and looked up at Joe again. He had his eyes closed and was moaning softly as he held his spent cock in his hand. We all relaxed for a while before starting again. 

Donna moved around behind James and reached around his waist, fondling his balls and cock.

"I've never had a hard cock up my ass," she said. "I really want to feel your hard cock up my ass."

James turned around and kissed her, slowly moving her into a position where he could fuck her in the ass. He raised her legs over his head and leaned down to tongue her ass hole. He stuck his tongue inside her making her yelp.

"Oh that feels so good," she yelled. "Now put that big cock inside me and fuck me hard."

James did as he was told, holding her legs wide apart and raising her ass further into the air. He thrust forward and pushed his hard cock into Donna's ass hole. She screamed as he entered her. He stopped and held himself still until Donna settled down. He then pushed further into her and stopped again. She was whimpering as he continued pushing himself into her. He finally was fully inside her and held himself against her ass, resting his large balls against her.

After waiting a few minutes, he slowly withdrew his cock from Donna, leaving only his head inside her. She was crying now but didn't want him to stop.

"Fuck me James," she whimpered at him. "Fuck me hard."

He thrust fully back up inside her, making her yelp out again. This time he didn't stop but started to slowly but firmly, fuck Donna. She was crying and telling him to go faster all at the same time. He started speeding up and was soon pounding in and out of her, making her scream out with every thrust.

I looked around and found Joe aiming his hard cock at Joan's back door. I watched him push his head inside her and stop, just as James had done with Donna. Joan didn't cry out so he pushed his cock a little further into her. Still she didn't say anything so her pushed his entire length into her and slowly started to fuck her. She was panting as he thrust in and out of her.

"Oh God, that feels good," Joan gasped as Joe started speeding up his thrusts. "Fuck me hard Joe," Joan yelled at him, making him speed up even more. He was pounding his cock in and out of Joan and the two women were yelling at their lovers to fuck them harder. The noise was almost deafening but I enjoyed watching the two women getting fucked in their asses for the first time.

The two men started coming almost at the same time, thrusting hard into the two women's asses. I heard Joe grunt loudly as he came, and James let out a small groan as he pumped his hot seed into Donna. The two women were still yelling at them as they pumped their seed into them, over and over again. The four of them slumped against each other as they finished and then separated with loud moans. Joan and Donna were completely soaked with sweat and Joe and James were spent, their cocks softening between their legs. 

"That looked like fun," I said. "Mind if I try it?"

James looked at me and nodded. He wearily moved over to the end of the couch and leaned over it, spreading his ass cheeks and holding them apart. I moved between his legs and pointed my hard cock at his ass hole. I moved forward and thrust into him, slapping my balls against his ass when I was fully inside him. I could feel the walls of his canal, rubbing against my head as I pushed up into him. I started slowly, to thrust in and out of him and he told me to fuck him as hard as I could. I moved up and started thrusting faster and harder and soon felt my cock twitch. I came inside him, spurting my come deep inside him, filling his canal with it. I thrust a few more times and then held myself against his ass, my balls emptying themselves into him. He was groaning as I came and he pushed back against me, holding me inside him as I pumped my hot come up his ass. I finally finished and slowly pulled my spent cock out of him. It came out with a slight pop and some come ran down his legs. My legs were shaking as I sat down on the floor, knowing I couldn't get very far. James turned around and looked at me.

"Did you enjoy that?" he asked.

"Oh yeah, I did," I answered, trying to catch my breath. "That was great."

I looked over at the girls and again they were smiling at me but this time they didn't move. All of us were done and after waiting for about an hour, we all got dressed and went home, happy and satisfied. Since then, Donna and Joan have carried on a torrid affair and I have joined them whenever I could. Joe and James, we see every now and then and have spent many nights fucking each other. 

From now on, I always smile as I head for my car and listen very carefully. You never know what can happen from listening and watching.