 (This is a copy of a letter that I had promised my friend Gary to tell him about my visit with a couple with whom I had been having email sex for some time. My wife would not consent to any kind of sex except between the two of us and that had to be the very traditional kind. Gary is an email friend that I had not been able to meet personally. We hope to get together soon.)

*

Gary, Well I could hardly wait for 6 PM to get here. I had pictured the area where they live pretty well except it was even better than I thought. The house sits on a hill overlooking a large treed open space. When I rang the door bell I did not know what to expect. The door opened they both greeted me. She had on a not very modest bikini with a light wrap that was open and showed her rather large tits not too well contained in the bikini top. She gave me a big hug and a kiss that explored my mouth. Dan had on what looked track shorts that were very short and loose fitting. He bypassed the hand shake and gave me a big hug and a kiss while patting my butt. What a greeting. They had told me to come very casual so I had on just tank top and loose shorts with no underwear. 

As we went through the house it was beautiful and in the kitchen we stopped and they offered me a margarita. We went out by the pool to sit under a covered area. I sat down at the table and Pam sat across from me with her tits staring me in the face. Dan plopped down on a lounge chair and had his legs spread (I guess on purpose) and I could see his fine looking uncut cock that seemed to be about half hard. I was enthralled with seeing that cock since I had never seen and uncut cock before. I was well on my way to having a full erection from seeing the two of them. We talked a while and they asked if I wanted to get in the pool. I said sure. I soon found that the bikini was just for show because in no time Pam had her cover off and then the bra off and the bottom. She had a beautiful bush that seemed to glistening from her arousal. As Dan shed his shorts I was treated to a magnificent cock and balls show. His cock was at about half mast and his balls were drawn up and the tip of his cock was pushed out of the foreskin and was very shinny with pre-cum. By then I had my top and bottom off and displayed my now completely erect cock. Yes it was drooling too. Pam told Dan see I told you he would have a great cock. 

We made our way into pool. The water was perfect. They must have heated it some. After swimming and splashing some I pulled myself up on the side with my feet in the water. They came over with one on each side of legs. We chatted a minute and then Pam started fondling my cock and Dan said let me feel some of that too. The way they were positioned I could put a foot between each of their legs. One was rubbing his now very had cock and balls while the other instep rubbed back and forth on that pussy that was wetter than water could make it. About the same time they both began to lick my cock and play with my balls. Then they took turns deep-throating me and before long I told them I was about to cum. They asked me if it that would do me in for the night if I came. I told them it did not take me long to reload and I would be good for at least three orgasms with the right stimulation. They said great and went to work in earnest on me. I was in heaven. Very shortly I shot like a cannon into Dan's mouth and when Pam saw that she grabbed my cock and got the next load. When they had drained me they kissed each other and then got out and we had a nice three-way kiss still exchanging my cum. In case I did not mention their house is in a U shape and the pool was completely private overlooking the vast expanse of trees. When we got a little settled down they said lets go in and have a bite to eat. They had a beautiful tray of sandwiches fruit - you name it. No one bothered to dress we just stood around admiring each other or least I was. I said well you said maybe we could find something to nibble on and sure enough we did. Pam said this is just he appetizer. You will get the real nibblets when we get to our play pen. I said what are we waiting for?

They led me, Pam with my cock in hand, to the huge master bedroom that also overlooked the pool and green space. I noticed that there was a digital camera on a rather tall tripod pointed toward the bed. Being a little dubious about having my picture taken I asked what that was for. They said they wanted to have pictures of this first occasion of living their fantasy. I said you sure seem relaxed doing this for this to be the first time. They said they had replayed so many times what they wanted to do when they discussed their fantasies that they had lost all of their inhibitions and wanted to live what they had only imagined in the past. I told them this my first time to be in threesome situation and I too would be living out my fantasies. They said of course none of the pictures will show our faces as we don't want recognizable pictures of us lying around. All the while Pam was still leading me to the bed. When we got there she jumped up on the bed and said dinner is served. 

Dan got on one side of her and I was on the other. We started by each of us paying homage to the breast closest to us. My hands wondered down to her pussy only to be joined there in seconds by Dan's hand. Her bush was soft and oh so wet. We both began to move our fingers into the warm interior of her body. She was moaning and said she needed something in her mouth. Dan was only too happy to oblige. He knelt by her head feeding her his cock. I looked up and the temptation was too great. I moved my head up and began to share his cock with her. She let me deep throat him and said that she had always wanted to see his cock in a man's mouth. We did this for a while and I still had my fingers in the warmth of her pussy. She said I need to be fucked. 

I told them I would love to see Dan fuck her and fill her with his cum. He happily moved between her legs and I switched my position to where my cock could be reached by Pam and I laid my head on her stomach. As Dan moved forward I took his cock and move it to my lips and after getting very wet I leaned down and kissed Pam's clit and pussy. I then guided his cock toward her with my lips right at her pussy. I guided his cock against my lips and into her pussy. While he was fucking her I continued to press my lips and tongue against her clit and his cock. I was also reaching around to pay with this balls and ass. I got my fingers wet with their juices and started putting one and then two up his ass. He said that is so good its going to make me cum. Pam was playing with my cock and balls and had wetted her fingers with my pre-cum and was pushing them into my ass. We were all breathing heavily and I new both of them was about to cum. I sort of pulled back because I did not want to cum in her mouth as I had already done that. Soon they both had such a hard cum I thought they were going to pass out. As Dan pulled out I cleaned his cock of both of their juices. I then moved around between her legs and viewed that beautiful cum filled pussy. I started slowly but then could not hold back and plunged my tongue to get as much of their juices as I could. It was so delicious. I had always wanted to suck another man's cum out of my wife's pussy but that had never happened. Then I indulged myself in another fantasy and moved to fuck her. Dan moved into the position that I had been in and sucked my cock and her clit and then guided me home. Warm and slick do not begin to tell how good it felt. When I had gotten my rhythm Dan asked Pam to suck his cock. Then he moved in back of me and leaned in to tongue my ass hole. He wet his fingers and massaged my ass open. Then he moved behind me and started pressing his cock into me. At first it was a little uncomfortable but after he got in it felt really good. I stopped my movement until he got to where he could easily fuck me. Then as he fucked me I fucked his wife. You talk about a great sensation that is it. I held out as long as I could before I filled her with a torrent I am sure was as great as my first cum of the evening. He unloaded in me and it felt so great as his cock moved through the extra lubrication.

We continued lying on the bed for a while to regain our senses. Dan went to the bathroom to pee and clean himself. We decided to go back to the kitchen for another margarita. We marveled at what we had just done and asked if there were any other fantasies that need to be brought to life. Pam said she had one and Dan said he had one. Pam wanted to be double penetrated and Dan said he wanted me to fuck him. What a cruel torture I was facing. We decided after a little more rest to move back to the bedroom. I asked who wanted to get my cum. It was agreed that Dan would get the honors since he had never had that experience. We agreed that he would fuck Pam's ass and I would fuck her pussy. That way he could cum in her ass and I could save my cum for his ass. If you have never experienced the feel of another cock rubbing against yours while in a pussy, it is unbelievable. I was on my back with Pam on top. This let Dan do most of the moving and get the most stimulation. It was all I could do to keep from cumming.

Before long Dan shot into her with a loud roar from both of them and yes I roared a little myself. Dan moved down to suck my cock and her pussy. He then wiped his cock clean and laid on the bed. I, of course, had an extremely hard cock waiting to fuck him. I moved down between his legs and played with his cock and sucked it a little to bring it back to life. I licked his ass to get it wet and Pam was close enough for me to get my fingers wet in her pussy. After putting one, two and three fingers in his ass I moved into position. Pam came down for a close-up look and to kiss my cock and lead it into his ass. When this was done she laid her head on his stomach and began to suck his cock. With one hand she was reaching around to play with my ass and balls and inserting her finger in my ass. God was this good. Surprisingly I was able to last quite a while. I noticed that Dan had pulled Pam around so he could suck her pussy. About the same time we all three exploded even after as many cums as we had had. We untangled ourselves and moved around for another three-way kiss in which we shared Dan's cum. We lay there and chatted a while and I noticed it was nearing 12 midnight. We had been going the better part of six hours. 

I told them had had better go. Pam looked at me and asked if she could ask me to do one other thing. I said sure anything for the lovely damsel. She said she had had me in everyway but one. She asked if I could possibly fuck her ass as she wanted to feel my thicker cock in her ass. I told my dear your wish is my desire but my cock might need a little mouth to cock resuscitation. Dan quickly pushed me back on the bed and dove for my cock. Not to be left out Pam came and sat on my face so I could lick her cunt and ass. I was able to get her ass very wet aided by the cum that Dan had already deposited there. By then my cock had reached its full glory. Pam moved to squat over my cock and with Dan holding and guiding my cock I began to penetrate her. She embedded my cock completely in her ass and leaned back on her arms. Dan had moved so I could easily get his cock in my mouth and he moved forward and began to kiss her tits. He then moved down to lick her cunt which was splayed wide open. While doing this he reached under and began playing with my balls and ass. I never imagined there could be such pleasure. And again, as if on cue we all began to cum. After basking in our pleasure for a while we untangled ourselves and again shared a three-way kiss swapping Dan's cum from my mouth and Pam's juices from Dan's mouth. I then said I really must go.

They tried to persuade me to spend the night. But I told them I would have a hard time explaining not being at the hotel if someone was trying to reach me. I asked them why they had not taken the pictures. Dan said OH! I did. I can adjust the camera and take the pictures with my remote. He showed the remote to me. It was so small I had not even noticed it. Dan said I hope I got it positioned right. He retrieved the camera and we looked at the pictures on the small screen. A few did not turn out well but there were lot of really good ones. There were some that showed too much of one of our faces and he quickly deleted them. Seeing these pictures almost caused us to get started again but I reaffirmed that really had to go.

They did not bother to dress but accompanied me to the door where we again had a three-way kiss and a little more fondling. They told me to be sure and let them know the next time I would be in Austin. That was not a hard promise to make. As I said before wowey!! Man when I hit the bed I was out like a light. I am sure I had a smile on my face all night and maybe a hard-on since I was hard when I awoke. I still had visions of our night running through my mind.

I hope this is not more than you wanted to know but I just had to tell someone. I can't wait for Dan to email the pictures to me. Would you care to see any of them? I did notice he did not take any pictures of me fucking him or him me. I'll have to ask him why. I do hope I can visit them again. I'll let you know when and if....Doer