 We continued to relax in the sun. It was a beautiful day and knowing that we had no where to be, no kids to attend to and no time frames just allowed us to completely relax. 

I did not even hear the sound of motor but heard the distinct sound of an anchor chain being cast out. It sounded very far away but when I looked up another boat had pulled up and was anchoring at the far end of 'our beach.' This was not unusual, but I was somewhat disappointed that our privacy and come to an end. 

They were another couple, a little younger than us and quite good looking. They were both moderately fit. She had very blonde hair, had a nice tan and her bikini looked as though it were painted on. Not skimpy, but it hugged her boobs and ass perfectly. He was dark haired and tan as well, adequately fit and was wearing board shorts with no shirt. 

I watched as they got their boat settled and their gear onto the beach. They too settled onto a blanket to lounge in the sun. At one point he saw me watching and raised a hand in a 'hi there' gesture. He then looked to the woman and said something. He came over and introduced himself as Rick, and his wife as Janice. He apologized for intruding but being close to one couple was better than being close to several in the other areas. I told him not to worry about it. He then asked if we minded if his wife went topless. I said I didn't mind because my wife might lose her top as well. We both laughed and chatted briefly, but he went back to his blanket to inform his wife that everything was okay. She immediately began to untie her bikini top. I don't know where they came from but she released the most beautiful set of tits I had ever seen. They were almost perfect and there were no tan lines! He then looked my way and caught me, but only chuckled and got her attention to point me out. She chuckled as well and actually waved a hand. 

So, we kept our distances, each enjoying the relative privacy of the beach. They, like Nicole and I, occasionally took a dip in the water to cool off. And I continued to perv on her beautiful tits and body. I watched them embrace and kiss several times. They seemed to discuss something and then began to exit the water. As they did I noticed he had something in his hand. What the....? It was her bikini bottom! As I continued to watch she exited the water completely naked! And oh revealing her body just completed the picture in my mind. Her ass matched the perfectness of her tits and it too had no tan lines! Her pussy was completely trimmed save the small patch of hair just above her twat. She sauntered up to the blanket laid out on the beach. Before she laid down she looked me right in the eye. My heart stopped. Would she be offended? Apparently not, she gave me a wink before turning her head to lye on her stomach. 

I grabbed another can and sat there, mind wandering. I drank the beverage and was lost in thought until I saw a shadow approach. I looked up to find her, still naked, approaching me. To my amazement, she knelt down in front of me and spoke very softly. It was almost inaudible but I could hear it very clearly. 

"I noticed you watching me. And I noticed how beautiful your wife is and wanted to come over, to see if you wanted to have some fun."

I couldn't speak, I just said, "uh huh."

She smiled and made a motion to her husband. But then she moved over to Nicole. I watched in amazement as this beautiful creature straddled my wife's knees and then bent down to lick her stomach. She began kissing and licking all over Nicole's stomach and moved down to her thighs. Nicole stirred but didn't awake, and started to moan. I moved closer to the two of them and began to kiss Nicole's neck and face. Nicole slowly opened her eyes with a puzzled look. I told her not to worry, to relax, and she did. I seized her mouth with mine and she closed her eyes. But then, almost startled, her eyes opened and she gasped. I looked down to see that our new friend had pulled her bottoms aside and had thrust her face into Nicole's pussy. I had never gotten and erection so quickly! A beautiful woman had her face buried in my wife's pussy, out in the open on a beach! I turned my attention back to Nicole. She was lost in ecstasy. She panted and moaned as her clit received its attention. 

The next time I looked down I found Rick removing his shorts behind Janice. He put his hands on Janice's hips and moved up behind her. His cock was cut and not noticeably large, but thick. I watched as he slowly guided his cock up behind her. My attention shifted to her face where I could clearly see his entry. She lifted her attention from between Nicole's legs for a moment for her breath to catch. 

At this point I had to get involved. I drew my cock from my shorts and moved it up to Nicole's face. She smiled, opened her mouth accepted my cock. I began to slow stroke my cock in and out of her mouth. Deeper and deeper until her nose was touching my stomach. I can't remember her taking that much of me into her mouth before. 

It must have been a sight to see. I'm laying on my side with my cock in Nicole's mouth. There was a beautiful woman munching on Nicole's pussy and she was in turn being fucked from behind by her own stud. The panting and moaning sounded like a well orchestrated new wave vocal piece. It seemed we were all in time and rhythm, each receiving what each desired.

Wondering how long I could last like this, I watched as Janice withdrew from Nicole's pussy and began to move upwards towards her mouth. When she arrived she pulled my cock from Nicole's mouth and replaced it in hers. Oh. My. Gosh. Nicole can suck cock but this woman had skill. Nicole's forehead wrinkled in protest but before words could escape she gasped and her eyes shot wide open. I looked to see Rick had taken the liberty of shoving his cock where Janice's mouth used to be. Nicole's eyes rolled back in her head and mouth fell open in the pleasure of the Ricks thrusting. 

I was only jealous up until Janice released my cock from her mouth and gently positioned me onto my back. She moved to straddle and mount me. I watched as she slowly, almost painfully so, lowered herself onto my prick. I watched as it disappeared between her now swollen lips. From my lover I could hear moans of pleasure, panting and gasping, confirming that she was okay with what was happening. Janice then began to slowly ride my cock. Burying herself all the way to my hips before rising to fall again. 

I recognized the sounds Nicole makes when she's about to cum, and for some reason she did not advertise it but I knew when it hit. As Janice rode me I watched as Nicole's body began to tremble. Her mouth opened and her head raised off the blanket. As her orgasm hit she threw her legs up and wrapped them around Rick's body, pulling him in as deep as she could. 

I looked at her and said, "That's right baby, cum! Cum all over that cock!"

That was about all I could stand as well. I felt my own orgasm rising from deep within. I began to thrust upward to meet Janice in anticipation, wanting to blow my nut deep into her womb.

"JASON! Wake up!" Nicole was laughing. "That must be some dream. I hope I am as good in real life."

I awoke with a start. My cock was rock hard and I was blowing my nut in my shorts. 

"What the.....! What happened?" I asked.

"We both fell asleep," Nicole explained. "You woke me up saying 'That's right, baby! Cum all over that cock!" She laughed again. 

"Oh my gosh it was so real!" I said.

"Well you need to calm own a little bit. We have company," she said gesturing toward the other end of the beach.

Another couple had taken up a spot at the other end of the beach.