 I honestly thought that the first story was going to fucking blow but it seems with all the views and comments that all of you seem to want more. I want to personally thank you all who are reading my stories and commenting (positively) and favoriting them as well as me as an author. I know this story took a while to come out but I didn't want to rush my stories and just make them about sex. I want my works to be filled with story and how the story leads to sex. Also at the time of posting this I should have three other stories out. One gay male and two romance stories so please go and check them out. 

Just like how the three stories came out before this as a little something to not keep you all waiting there will be one or two stories coming out before Part 4. I will have Dave recount the football orgy but spend less time on it so that I can spend more time on Part 4 and also if anyone wants it I will make a story based around the college final orgy. I don't think it was very clear in part 2 but I was asking you if you wanted a spin-off of the college orgy and the football orgy. Let me know in the comments if you want them to be made before or after part 4. Plus I will make new future stories that will have nods/throwbacks/ Easter eggs to this series. I also plan to one day do a rewrite of the first chapter. 

I also wanna say this now, the 4th part (which may or may not be the last part, it depends on the feedback and I do have other ideas) will be long as hell, kinda like this part. It will involve getting our other two friends into the fray which involves a really long plan that includes the friend who gets fucked in this story. It also includes my previous girlfriend Hayley who Alex and I will induct into our friend group through an amazing fucking (obviously) and possibly some other characters, male and female. Also since this story will be longer I am going to include chapters that will give a brief detail of each scene/setting. Let me know what you think about this format by commenting down below. Also while feedback helps, please don't just reply negatively without offering some advice. 

Sorry that I'm rambling on but last thing I wanna mention. This story is under the category of Group Sex even though it includes NonConsent because the foursome begins with Forced sex for about XX minutes until the 4th guy submits and it's not under gay male because there are sex scenes with m/f and m/m. Don't wanna say much but don't read and/or complain that I didn't warn you. 

Now with all that said, please direct your hand to your cock or pussy and please, enjoy the story. 

Chapters:

Wake Up Call

The Aftermath

The New Inductee/Victim

The Plan 

The Date

Phase 1: Setup

Phase 2: Practice 

Phase 3: Hangout

Phase 4: Gear Up and Arrival

Phase 5: Capture and Interrogation 

Final Phase: Gangbang

Home

Update. 

*****

We all have the same thing: Revenge Fucking. 

Sneak peek: "Well what do you know, this freshly turned fag can't get enough of our cocks, lets give him his fill. You two, stuff his ass, I'll keep fucking his mouth."

Chapter One: Wake Up Call 

I was the first one to wake up (again) and nearly pissed myself because I couldn't see anything. I tried getting up and when I couldn't I immediately thought the worst and I was abducted and taken somewhere but then the mound of flesh in front of me moved and the sun invaded my eyes, ow. I almost forgot that it wasn't a wonderful dream I had but it was a real experience I... er... experienced. I looked over at the clock that read 2:37. 

'Shit.' I thought, 'I cant believe we were asleep for an hour and a half. I guess since we're increasing our sexual activity more it's making our recovery time shorter, I'll have to keep that in mind. Also it's a good thing I didn't piss myself because my cock is still buried deep inside Alex. Well, what better way to wake him up than with an ass pounding filled with love. Plus we did want to have ass sex before our new pet slut came in and ruined it. Poor bitch learned his place when we spit roasted him. Well time to fuck.'

And with that I started slowly going up and down, in and out of Alex's tight hole. I was building up my speed and stamina to the point where I decided to wake him. I decided to start increasing my pace and started fucking him faster with my balls smacking his ass every time I went up. The sound and smacking and feeling of his ass being plowed made him wake up. He woke up to the most beautiful sight ever...me. He started moaning my name.

"Robert. Fuck. Fuck. Oh fuck yes. Oh Robert, I think we should wake up this way every time. Ah. Fuck yes. Hmmm. Please keep fucking me babe, I love the feeling of your cock in my ass." I nearly cummed from his comment but I didn't want to end the sweet buttfuck just yet. I brought his head down to mine so that we could make out while fucking. While kissing I grabbed hold of his aching cock that was dying for attention. 

I started playing with it and eventually was pumping it until he coated my chest, chin and lips with his goop. I felt his ass clench my cock and as I released my seed into his ass I made out with him. I pulled out and said "Alex baby, waking up next to you is a good day any day. I would love to have this everyday. Let's go and wake up Dave. Give him a reminder that he belongs to us."

I pulled out of Alex while he licked up his jizz that was on the former mentioned areas and got on his knees. He helped clean my cum coated dick while also getting a taste of himself. I made him turn around and just as I thought, his asshole was leaking of my cum. So I licked up the leakage and sucked on his ass trying to get any remaining drops of cum. 

It's a good thing he keeps his ass fully clean because if I ever tasted or saw a hint of brown come from there, I would punish him (Lustfull Night style) for a whole week. He crawled over to Dave while I tip toed behind Dave. In one swift move Alex inserted himself into Dave while I pushed Dave on top of Alex. Alex started fucking Dave slowly while I jerked off and watched. Dave started to come to and quickly remembered yesterday as he started to moan Alex's name.

Dave bent down while still riding Alex to kiss him. This made me mad seeing my man get kissed by by another man. I didn't think I would be jealous but here I am wanting to punish Dave's ass for trying to take my love away. "Oh fuck yes that's good. Hey, where's Robert?" 

'Perfect.' I thought while sneaking over. "I'm right HERE!" I shouted as I forced my dick in his ass right next to Alex's. Dave screamed from the pain of having two big and thick cocks together up his ass. "Come on pet we don't have all day. Start pushing yourself in and out." And like a good little slut he obeyed. He started moaning and I threatened to beat his ass if he kept making noise. To my surprise he got louder so Alex and I started moving at the same time and smacked his ass. 

We couldn't do on the floor anymore so Alex and I stood up and suspended Dave in the air by wrapping ourselves in a bear hug. We started going up and down so our dicks would go up and down in his ass. We went at it for five minutes before without warning we shot our loads together right up his ass and Dave shot his load on the floor. "MMMMMMM FUCK YEAH! Fill my ass up. Holy fuck that's good." Dave praised. We pulled out and dropped Dave on the floor while our essence poured out of his asshole and merged with his floor jizz, forming a small cum puddle. 

Alex and I sat on the couch together making out. We decided to go outside and relax in the hot tub. Before heading outside Alex said "Look at the mess you've made you whore. Lick it all up and then you can join us in the hot tub outside." As we got up and Dave started licking I put my foot on his head and shoved him down in the puddle. Alex and I laughed and went to go kiss in the hot tub. 

Chapter Two: The Aftermath 

"What level do you want the spa setting at?" Alex asked. 

"Highest it goes." I responded. Alex nodded and adjusted the settings. I felt all of the jets spraying on me. I sat wonderfully in the vibrating underwater pool chair. Again Alex's family is rich and he has a hot tub that can fit at least 100 people. Actually they're so rich that they always pay for our parents and friends parents plane and resort tickets when they go every year to that luxury resort in the Caribbean for 2-3 weeks, and thank god it's only been half a week. 

Alex hopped in with me and we started making out. "You're the best guy another guy could ever ask for Rob."

"Well there's no else out there that's as good in the sack as you Alex." We continued until our friend/pet/fuck toy joined us. He just sat down and didn't say a word. I beckoned him over with my finger. "Come over here Dave I promise we won't hurt you. You have already pleased Alex and I twice today and you are so willing to be used by my boyfriend and I that we know that we don't have to torture you sexually, unless we have to." As he swam over I gripped his head and pulled him close to me so that I could taste his lips. 

I pulled him onto my lap and caressed his back and had him start making out with Alex. I love/loathe watching my man make out with another man. His lips will forever belong to me. Dave pulled off and spoke up. "Wow I can't believe I just did all of that today. You guys are awesome and I wanna continue having sex with you guys. I also think we should get our other friends in on this."

Alex spoke up. "Oh don't worry Dave. Rob and I have been thinking of ways to get our friends involved. In fact we can go inside and chat about it over some Mountain Dew. And you can help us. 

Dave then said "Alright, great but there's something I need to tell you guys about concerning Tim and I."

I was interested in what he had to say. "Go on."

Dave then told us about that before he met Tim he used to be the dominant guy towards all the other men who wanted to have sex with him. But when he met Tim this feeling came over him that made him weak in the knees and before he knew it Tim was his master/boyfriend and he was submissive forever now. He told us his BDSM story and how he loves getting torture fucked now by men. He mentioned he never thought he would meet someone who could match Tim and his sexual dominance but when I showed my power to overcome him, he felt that I might be able to turn Tim into a submissive slut. If I can do that then the both of them will truly become Alex and I's property. But if I can't then Tim will likely dominate me and get to do whatever he pleases with me and Alex. 

"Well even though this sounds like a cheesy porn flick, I'll do whatever it takes to turn him. I'll tell you right now, there's no way in hell I'm letting someone else take control of my property or my precious little Alex." I said as I pulled Alex into a fierce kiss. 

Dave smiled. "Alright well let's get back to the task at hand. For the next person I have someone in mind."

I pushed Alex off. "Who?" I asked Dave. 

"Patrick Shik." Dave said manically. 

Chapter Three: New Inductee/Victim. 

We were now sitting in one of the upstairs living rooms. "So when it's just the three of us hanging out we'll probably just stay naked." I said while looking at Dave and Alex. "Like I'm not a nudist because I definitely wouldn't go without wearing clothes the rest of my life but when I'm home alone I like being nude and free. Plus when I'm hanging out in a private area with my friends who I have fucked and seen totally naked, I'll probably be naked next to them since I have nothing to hide and hopefully they feel the same. And judging by our erections and the fact we've gone without clothes for the past 3-4 hours I think you guys are fine with it."

Alex grabbed my dick and Dave's dick and started rubbing. "Plus since we're so horny a bunch of the time there's no need for clothes if we're going to keep fucking." Alex mentioned. 

"Fucking right!" I moaned through gritted teeth. "Now Alex, why don't you rub our cocks while Dave tells us about why he wants to bring Patrick of all people into the fray."

Alex continued his pace while Dave talked. "Well... it's because of the last time Alex and I talked to him and how much of a fucking asshole he was. Ooo that feels good. He really hurt my feelings, and angered me, Alex and Chris (our other friend) that night, as well as being physical." I remember what he was talking about. Patrick actually used to be a part of our friend group until shit went down. Patrick had this really hot girlfriend I had actually met a few times before and I thought they were a happy couple. Then it was her that ruined everything. 

Around two months ago we went to some party at Pat's campus that involved a lot of drugs and alcohol. Some people were so high and wasted they were performing public sex acts but no one seemed to care or notice (probably because they were too fucked up). I was on a couch getting some action from this sweet red head while Alex was fucking some chick while Chris was filming it and getting sucked by her in the other room. Alex and Chris had never met Patrick's girlfriend so they didn't know that the girl begging them to go harder was her. After I finished with my girl I overheard a girl shout "OH FUCK YEAH, FUCK ME HARDER WITH THOSE BIG COCKS. YOU TWO ARE SO MUCH BETTER AND BIGGER THAN MY SMALL DICKED BOYFRIEND. I NEVER WANNA STOP FUCKING COCK." That's when Patrick entered. 

"WHAT THE FUCKING FUCK IS GOING ON IN HERE!?!?!" I ran into the room to see what the commotion was. I saw Patrick punch Alex in the face and as he fell to the ground he kicked him in the balls. "How could you fuck my girlfriend you piece of shit! And you're filming!?!?" He shouted at Chris. "I thought you people were my friends but I guess not. You two can go fuck yourselves and fuck you Tiffany you cheating whore." Tiffany laughed. 

"You think that offends me Pat? I don't care what you call me. I'm going to go fuck real men with real cocks unlike you and your tiny pity penis. Bye motherfucker." Tiffany said. 

"Actually I think you mean brother fucker." Chris said mockingly while drunk, high and absent minded to Pat, whose brother died in Afghanistan. That set him off. Patrick leaped onto Chris and started beating the living daylights out of him. Chris tried defending himself but eventually passed out. His face was bleeding all over but Pat continued punching him. Dave decided to step in and try and help by pulling Pat off of him. 

Pat turned around and head butted Dave and then kicked him in the balls. "Don't fucking ever touch me again yOU FUCKING FAGGOT!" Pat shouted before kicking all of his ex friends in the balls and storming off past me. 

About an hour later after healing themselves Alex drove himself and Chris home while Dave told me that regardless of how wasted he was Patrick should not have said that to him. He said some time down the line karmas going to fuck him right in the ass. He started to cry about the pain and he hugged me goodbye (which is not something he normally does) and went home. I knew that none of tonight will reach the authorities ears since we were illegally drinking and doing drugs (for the record it was only LSD and weed). 

Before I left there was one more thing I had to do. Now before I go into this, please note that I was holding in a lot of anger and needed to do this because it felt right and they deserved it. I went right up to Tiffany who was in a room alone sucking another mans cock (slut) and with all the rage and energy I had, I brought her to a standing position and I fucking punched her right in her face and sent her flying into a bookshelf. 

"You fucking ruined a deep and meaningful friendship you fucking slut and what do you do?! Laugh about it and start sucking off other men you worthless whore! I hope your body gets used up as a cum dumpster and you lose everything in life you took for granted and then one day you'll look back on this night and cry about everything you did!" I shouted at her.

She smiled and flipped me off. "He deserved it. Also your friend Alex cummed inside me and I hope he gets hit by a car and dies." Tiffany said. 

"Fuck you bitch!" I said as I smacked her. I stood up and spat on her. "Trash."

I turned around and the naked guy who was getting sucked before tried throwing a punch at me but I ducked and fisted him in the balls. As he fell to the floor I kicked him in the head so that his hands would leave his injured crotch and when they did, I picked my foot up as high as I could and then with the rest of the rage I had I slammed my foot right onto his balls. I swear I heard a pop. As I left I could hear people running over to the room while the man shrieked in pain. I grabbed some rolled up joints and a bottle of rum off the table and left smiling with satisfaction. 

Back to the present. "Well Dave, what Pat said to you wasn't okay at all and while I'm sure he probably feels bad about what he did I agree he needs to be punished for that. What happened to Alex wasn't his fault but Patrick could have treated the situation better. And now that Alex is my boyfriend, I kinda want him to pay for hurting my precious boy." I said while rubbing Alex's (upper) head and kissing him. "Though after all of this is over we need him and Chris to work things out. That area is 100% Chris's fault."

"Agreed" They said in unison. 

"Perfect, now before I tell you guys about the plan, Alex needs to get on his knees and suck us off to completion." Alex looked at me and I bitch slapped him. "Knees now." He just smiled at me and shook his head no. I grabbed him and forced his head on my cock while I spanked him for misbehaving. I knew this is what he wanted but he loves playing hard to get. "Dave, get over here and finish in his ass." Like a more obedient slut, Dave obeyed and started fucking Al's ass. Without warning I held Alex's head down as I filled his throat with semen. He almost coughed some out but remembered who was fucking him and he drank it all. 

"Master, may I cum in your ass?" Dave asked. 

"No, you can no-" I slapped Alex for nearly not allowing our pet his satisfaction. 

"Don't you dare deny him of his right to cum. Dave, I want you to paint his hole white and when you're done unloading you're going to fuck his mouth until you cum again." 

"Yes sir. Here it comes." They both started moaning as Dave emptied himself and Alex was filled. Dave pulled out, turned Alex around and started face fucking him. I just sat back and watched the show. Eventually after 10 minutes of face fucking, Dave pulled out and jizzed on Alex's face. Even though I basically said cum in his mouth, I loved seeing my little pets cum drip down my boyfriends face. 

"Alright sluts, when you're ready meet me in the meeting room so we may discuss the plan. I need to go make an important phone call." I mentioned before walking off. 

Chapter Four: The Plan 

20 min later 

"Alright boys before I get into this, just know the way I was talking to you before is how I talk when I'm horny. When we're not having sexual activity I won't be acting like that. Okay, with that out of the way let's begin. Tomorrow night we are going to go to Patrick's house and we are going to induct him into our fuck group." I said. 

Dave replied "Okay, how are we going to do that? It's not like he'll want to see the guys who individually fucked his girlfriend and he had beaten up and called fags."

"Well David, through an elaborate scheme we're going to break in and force him to have sex with us." I told him. 

"Rob, what you're suggesting is a felony. If it doesn't go as planned he'll have us arrested for breaking and entering and rape. It's a stupid idea." Alex said. 

"Yes I thought about that. So when we do this he won't know it's us. I have called a dear friend who has equipment like ropes, bondage supplies, ski masks and other stuff. Tomorrow we're going to pay them a visit. I checked our clothes sizes and sent it to them. When we get there they'll have made us a special all black outfit that's perfect for our cause. Plus they are going to provide us with voice changers which will hide our identity and fit perfectly under some ski masks. Also we'll bring a blindfold. What do you guys think?" 
