 After a few times with Allan modelling the men's items at the lingerie and toy sales evenings, Carole, the one who hosted our first evening asked if she could have a private time with Allan and maybe more. I didn't understand 'more' but thought it might be fun to watch and see what would happen.

The day arrived and so did Carole. She is five feet four with blond hair and a full though not fat figure. Lovely sized breasts and child bearing hips. She doesn't wear a lot of makeup or perfume. On this occasion she had on a sheer white blouse over a lacy white bra and you could see a suggestion of her areolae. Her skirt was not too short and she had nylons on and you could see the bumps of her suspender belt fixings so at a guess they were stockings. The stockings were 'Barely Black' and 15 denier. They displayed her legs well.

I answered the door and said hello, she leaned in to give a kiss as women do, I was shocked when she kissed me full on the mouth and I pulled back at first but then found it quite appealing so returned the kiss and eventually it became a full heated kiss with tongues. As we broke apart I said "Wow!" Carole just smiled and asked if I had ever been with a woman. I answered that I hadn't and she said "Today it will happen." 

We went into the living room where Allan was waiting in a sheer thong with an obvious erection and Carole said to him "you'll have to wait for your turn, today is about Jean." She went on to explain that he would be included but she wanted to introduce me into the fun of female sex, just sheer enjoyment of each other. Allan would then be invited into the mix and we would all have fun. Meanwhile he should stay dressed as he was and watch without touching his cock.

I was a bit dumbfounded by all this but I had enjoyed the kiss and wasn't about to fight a new experience without at least giving it a chance. Allan's little submission at the first party had worked out well for us both.

I again found myself in Carole's arms and being expertly kissed while her hands explored me, just my back at first and then lower down and stroking my bum which was a very pleasant sensation. She started to touch more of me and was fondling my boobs until I was getting quite turned on and wet.

I started to caress Carole and was feeling her tits through the sexy clothes and quickly hiked her skirt up and started to stroke her pussy feeling the little nubbin of her clit under my finger. Carole moaned softly as she neared an orgasm and I slid my finger in past her knickers to her wet gash and inside, she came loudly and I was nearly in the same state.

We then started to undress each other kissing each part uncovered until we were both wearing just stockings and suspender belt. We lay down on the sofa and each started to excite the other by caressing, touching and kissing on areas we found pleasant when they are done to us.

Eventually after 20 minutes or so we got round to eating each other's pussies. Needless to say I wasn't that good at it as I hadn't done it before but I remembered what Allan does to me that excites me so I just did that, varying my technique depending on Carole's' reaction.

We both got very turned on and were coming over and over again. Ever the thoughtful husband, Allan got up and went to find some vibrators for us and I noticed his cock was rock hard so he must have been suffering. We hardly needed more stimulation as I was fucking myself on Carole's face and she was bucking all over the place. The vibes just sent us both into ecstasy and we came so hard we collapsed.

Allan then came over to us and gently stroked and caressed us on the back and neck until we calmed a little and could breathe again. When she had recovered Carole reached out for Allan's cock and stripped him of his thong. She just climbed onto him and sank the full length of his pole moving very slowly but Allan was too excited by the show so he came very quickly. We all relaxed and Allan went to get wine for us all. 

Later, when we had enough energy we played as a threesome all of us trying their best to excite whoever they were concentrating on. Allan had Carole bucking on his lips and fingers within minutes and she started to really come hard so I joined in licking and biting her nips until she came so hard that she collapsed in a sweaty heap.

Allan then started working on me and after five more orgasms he just slammed his cock in my pussy and after a short time came like an express train pumping hard into my pussy. I had one final orgasm at the same time and I then had to beg him to stop as I couldn't breathe. Allan loves to take me to those heights but knows he has to stop when I ask.

While cleaning up in the shower, a difficult thing to do with three people all soaping each other, we were chatting with more wine and Carole said that Allan could excite her as well as any woman ever had plus he had the cock when a hard pounding was required.

I said that he had actually studied how to turn women on, finding the erotic zones and where the g spot was and we practiced as often as we could.

We have had many sessions with Carole and other women including a whole group of women in what turned out to be an orgy, although it had not been planned. Just a get together with Wine and Allan serving, yes he was naked, but Carole told the group how he really paid attention to turning a woman on.

After they heard that they said that they'd like to see it, it didn't take much to convince Carole to be the subject... After half an hour Carole had come six times, they were all quite turned on and wanted Allan to help them out. I told them I wanted some of that later and they should help each other.

There were loads of protests and shouts of they weren't lesbians and they couldn't do that in front of all these women, but I just went over to Carole and licked her clit giving her another orgasm and told them it was easy, just do what you would like done to you. Soon the ten of them were into touching through clothes and as the inhibitions dropped they were everywhere, naked and eating, fingering using the vibes until there was a mass of heaving sweaty flesh all over the living room. For a change I rode Allan to victory in front of a group, something I don't do at the lingerie parties I hold. 

Many lasting friendships were made that evening and I know a lot more goes on than used to. The husbands are also getting more so encourage the girls' nights out, never thinking of why the ladies are so turned on.