 I awoke with an erection. This didn't surprise me much, as I could feel Lily's lips wrapped around my cock. Her head was bobbing with a practiced, easy motion, and I let my hands stray down to get tangled in her uncombed, reddish brown hair. I looked around and found that Molly was next to me, upside-down in the sleeping bag. I lifted the covers a bit and peeked inside. Lily's thighs were open, and her sister was greedily eating her out. 

I pulled Molly's shirt up and away from her hips. Clawing at her panties, I was desperate to get inside and taste the rich flavor I knew was hidden there. I pulled them down to mid-calf and inhaled deeply. She was already quite wet, with sticky fluids and sweat merging in the tangles of her dark red pubes. 

"Oh, my god," I said. I didn't say it because Lily was an expert at blow jobs, though she was, I said it because I loved these girls, and I loved giving them pleasure, and I loved the sight of Molly's delicate pink folds, quickly reddening in anticipation of my tongue. Without anymore hesitation, I placed my lips around her folds, covering her with my mouth. 

Molly moaned into her sister's quim at my insertion. I could feel Lily's lips tightening around me as she sucked harder, her tongue wiggling along the sensitive underside of my glans. I probed Molly with my tongue, stretching as far as I could to fill her deeper. Molly's thighs closed gently about my head, and I burrowed further into her enveloping warmth. 

I don't know how long the girls had been going at it before I awoke, but soon Lily was coming. She moaned and lifted her head off of my cock, so as not to risk accidentally biting down during her orgasm. It hit her solidly. She shuddered like a wave, first in her pelvis, rocking quickly against her sister's eager tongue, and then up her torso. Lily's generous breasts heaved quickly, and her hand jerked my cock faster as she tossed her head back, shoulder length hair falling like rain, her eyes closed tightly as she screamed in uncontrolled passion. 

This display was beauty in and of itself, and soon I was coming too. The first splash hit Lily on her cheek, and then she ducked her head back down, greedily sucking it all in. In several powerful spurts I was empty, but wonderful Lily kept sucking, working hard to pull any lingering remnants from inside. 

Fully drained, I attacked Molly's pussy with renewed zeal. I fastened my lips around her clit and pushed two fingers into her. I quickly, flicked her sensitive button with my tongue, and it wasn't long before I felt Molly's orgasm start. She pushed her face into her sister's stomach. Lily cradled her head and stroked her hair as Molly began to come. Molly moaned and thrashed, but I held her steady, speared deeply on two fingers. She came in a sudden gush, and I removed my fingers and formed a seal with my lips, accepting every lost drop her body provided, swallowing, drinking down what she had to offer. 

Molly pulled herself to her sister and kissed her, then licked the spurt of jizz off her cheek. 

"Mmm," Lily said, kissing her sister again, sharing the cum. "Liquid breakfast." 

When we were finished, we lay in a sweaty tangle. Temporarily placated, my girls snuggled together. Suddenly, the confines of the tent seemed more apparent as we were no longer concerned with only our bodies. I struggled out of the tent and slipped on some shorts and a shirt, then my hiking boots. I glanced back inside and saw that Molly had snuggled close between her twin's breasts, and they were both drifting off to sleep again. Moving a ways from the lake, I searched for a rock to pee against. 

It was cold in that early morning. Not as cold as I'd feared. Considering the time of year and altitude, it was, in fact, unseasonably warm. I found a spot against a large boulder and unzipped. There are two great pleasures in life: sex, and peeing after sex. I was shaking my dick afterwards when Lisa walked around the monolith. For a brief second I was embarrassed, but she was a lesbian, and I'm not a very self-conscious person, so I just finished and zipped up without hurrying. 

She smirked. "Geez," she said. "I seem to have a talent for finding you in compromising positions." 

I laughed, thinking of when she and her girlfriend had found Lily and I fucking Molly's brains out on the other side of the lake the day before. "Good morning to you too." 

Lisa was a tall girl, a few inches taller than me, but not big. She was lean, though deceptively so, as her smooth skin hid strong, but not bulging, muscles. She had a fine face with high cheekbones and long brunette hair. 

I turned and joined her as she followed the trail. "Where are your girls?" she asked. 

"They're falling back asleep. What about Sarah?" 

"Eh," Lisa said, shrugging. "She's a city girl. Not really a morning a person, y'know?" 

"But you are?" 

"Not naturally, but I got so used to getting up in the morning to exercise for soccer and track that I just got used to it." 

We wandered back, passing my tent, where I could hear Lily and Molly snoring quietly. I noticed that Lisa tried to be subtle, but it was clear that she was peaking into the tent. Looking at the half-open flap, I could see that she was rewarded with a view that revealed three out of four nipples and one bare buttock. 

We kept walking, heading around the point of the lake's interior peninsula and back towards the outer shore. "They looked tired," Lisa commented. 

"They ought to be." 

Lisa gave me a sidelong glance and smiled. "Yeah, we heard you across the lake last night. You three make quite a racket." 

"Us?" I retorted. "What about you and Sarah? It was like listening to an erotic radio play. You used words I've never heard before." 

I was surprised that Lisa blushed. It occurred to me that she may have never been able to be really open about her sexuality with anyone before. 

"Yeah, Sarah's, uh, Sarah likes to be controlled." 

"And insulted?" 

Lisa smiled. "Yeah, that too." 

When we reached the narrow point of the peninsula, Lisa and I stopped walking. "You were serious about swimming?" I asked her. "You invited us last night." 

Lisa looked out over the clear lake. "Yeah." 

"Isn't it a bit cold?" 

She looked back at me and smiled again. "It'll get a little warmer later on. Besides, the cold is what makes it fun." 

"No, the cold is what makes me turtle." 

Lisa laughed and turned, returning to her campsite. "Meet us on the north side of the lake at noon, okay?" 

---------------------------------

Lily, Molly and I went for a short hike later. The sun beat down and did work to warm up a bit, but it didn't get any warmer than 55 degrees or so, if I had to guess. 

We ended our hike at the north side of the lake, where we saw Lisa's tall, lean frame and Sarah's full, womanly figure coming in from the other direction. 

They waved a hello. When we all reached the same spot, we surveyed the area. It was great for swimming. There was a bit of a beach, though this high up it wasn't really sandy, just silt and small pebbles. There was also a large, broad rock for sunning on and jumping off of. 

None of us had brought swimsuits, so it was down to our underwear. Lisa, Lily and myself all ran quickly into the water, acclimating to the cold with 'rip-off a band aid' method. Molly and Sarah opted to slowly easy their way in, a plan that was ruined when Lisa splashed them mercilessly. 

We swam as best we could. The water was deathly cold, but that served as great impetus to keep moving. Lily eventually crawled out of the lake and lay flat on her back on the boulder, letting the sun warm her up. Lisa was doing great, long zig-zaggy laps in an impressive broad stroke. Sarah swam out to where she just couldn't stand anymore and tread water, watching her girlfriend working out. I took a moment to appreciate her figure. Sarah was almost as tall as me, and her body was retaining baby fat in her breasts and hips which had the contradicting effects of making her appear both younger and more womanly at the same time. Her shoulder-length black hair clung to her face and forehead in thick wet strands. Her white cotton panties were clinging to her, and the distorted view of them through the water was tantalizing. 

"I'm cold." 

I turned and followed the voice to Molly. She was huddled against the boulder. She was shivering a bit, and I swam over to her. Soon we were standing close, and I wrapped my arms around her. Molly snuggled in close to me, and we kissed. The mutual warmth of our mouths was intoxicating compared to the icy water. 

It was so easy to get involved with kissing her. Soon I was oblivious to everything else. The lake, the others, the cold water. I could only feel the warmth of her eager tongue, the pressure from her lips, her smooth skin against my chest. With my arms closed around her and the buoyancy of the water, I held Molly up as she clasped her legs around me. 

I walked her slowly out of the water. She stayed held up in my arms, her legs and arms wrapped around me for support as I carried her to the warm rock, laying her down next her sister. I lay down between them and let the sun hit my body. 

There was whistling. I looked up and saw Sarah standing knee-deep in the water. "Nice crotch rocket you got there." I looked down and saw that I had tented my boxers, and being soaked through with water, it wasn't concealing much. 

"You could hand me a towel..." I said. 

"Didn't bring any." 

Lily looked around. "Neither did we." 

We hiked back to Lisa and Sarah's campsite in our undies, carrying our clothes over our shoulders. The sun helped to dry us off. When we got back, the sun was beginning to set. Lisa worked to resurrect their fire from the night before while we gathered some food. When we were dry enough, we put our clothes back on. 

In the cold, Lisa and Sarah dragged out their sleeping bags. They'd also brought a couple of blankets. None of it was exactly top shelf camping gear, and I didn't envy them the heavy packs they must have lugged up the mountain to get here. Molly, Lily and I sat under one blanket while Lisa and Sarah sat on the other. 

As night set in we talked and poked at the fire, fixing a little food and drinking what was left of the Bailey's. 

"How long have you two been an item?" Lily asked Lisa and Sarah. 

"Since school started," Lisa said casually. 

Sarah snorted. "She's my roommate, and she basically had her way with me the first night." 

"That's lucky," Molly said. "Getting a lesbian roommate. What're the odds?" 

"I wasn't a lesbian before..." Sarah said. "Well, not really." 

"Conversion?" I asked. 

Lisa laughed. "Doesn't really happen. Frankly, I was stupid and horny, and it's a lucky thing that Sarah didn't freak out on me." 

"I guess I'm actually bi," Sarah said. "I haven't really thought about it much. I just haven't been with a guy since it started." 

"Do you miss it?" Molly asked. "I mean, Lily and I... well, for years... but there's something about sex with a guy. Now that I've had it, I'd hate to lose it." 

Sarah took a swig of the Bailey's and grinned. "Lisa has toys." 

When the laughter died down, Sarah was looking at me appraisingly. "You girls are lucky," she said. 

"They're lucky?" I replied. "I'm the lucky one. God, I don't know what I did to deserve to be so lucky." 

"Not exactly what she means," Lisa said. 

"Yeah," Sarah continued. "We were talking about it earlier. You must be pretty good to satisfy the both of them." 

It was hard to tell with the heat of the fire on my face, but I may have been blushing. "Aw, shucks," I said. 

"He's really good," Lily said. 

"Fantastic," Molly added. 

"How'd you like to be my last ever man?" Sarah asked. 

The fire grew quiet. "What?" I said. 

Her eyes looked straight at me. They were intent and mature, incongruous on her youthful, innocent face. "How would you like to be the last man I ever sleep with?" 

Under the blanket, I could feel Lily's hand tighten where it had been resting on my thigh. Slowly it slid up and into my shorts, then she was squeezing my cock, stroking it slowly and evenly. Molly rested her head on my shoulder. "What do we get?" Molly asked. 

"Me." Lisa looked at the twins hungrily. 

"I don't know," I said. I was looking at Sarah, her gorgeous body, curvy in all the right places. Lily's fingers were encouraging my growing erection. "We're faithful to each other." 

"It's not cheating if they know about it," Lisa said. 

"She's right," Lily agreed. 

Sarah stood up. The blanket fell from her shoulders, and I could see that her jeans were undone, her panties just visible beneath them. She came around to our side of the fire and knelt in front of me. Molly pulled the blanket away, and I felt cool air hit my exposed organ. Lily took her hand off of me and brushed the hair back from Sarah's face. Sarah inhaled, smelling me on her palm, then kissed Lily's fingers individually. Lily put her hand on the back of Sarah's head and pulled her forward, down onto my waiting cock. Her mouth was small and heart shaped, and she had to strain to get her lips around me. I could feel her tongue and teeth instantly. It was tight inside of her, and she looked up at me as she sucked. There was something daring in her eyes, a look that took all degradation from the act, and defied me to feel anything but respect for her. 

Molly stood and moved towards Lisa. Her clothes were quickly stripped from her, and Lisa lay her down on the ground next to the fire. I watched as Lisa put a hand between her legs and quickly dipped into her sex. Molly was still, her only movement the occasional small bucking of her hips. 

Lily stood up and walked over to them, and I replaced her hand on the back of Sarah's head with mine. Lily pulled Lisa's sweat pants and underwear down to mid-thigh. Soon she was bent over, letting her weight fall on Lisa's strong back. As Lisa pleasured Molly, Lily let her hand cover Lisa's quim from behind. 

Sarah's mouth suddenly tightened around me, and I began to come. She swallowed it effortlessly, but then, due to her small mouth, I hadn't even gotten halfway in. When my orgasm finished, Sarah stood up. As she did, I pulled her jeans and panties down, leaving her in socks and a sweatshirt. She lay down on the blanket and spread her legs. I lay between them, and she eagerly helped me take my shirt and pants off. Naked I lay on top of her. My cock pressed against her opening, and she smiled up at me. 

"Do it," she said. 

"Not yet," I replied. 

I looked across the fire and saw that Lisa and the twins had retreated into the tent, giving us some privacy. I slid down Sarah's body and inhaled the full aroma of her cunt. She was already dripping wet. It was running like honey from her, and I dipped my tongue to taste it. She squirmed happily beneath me, and I plunged in all the way. Her fingers ran through my hair as I attacked her, licking her up and down. I spread her juices all around with my tongue, carefully lubricating every interior surface, fold, and crevice. 

I crawled back up her body and planted a sticky kiss on her lips. Sarah reached down between us and took hold of my cock, guiding it into her pussy. She was burning hot inside, and much, much tighter than I'd expected. Comparatively, her small mouth had been positively spacious. I cried out as she put me in. It was one of the most exquisite first penetrations I'd ever experienced. In no time at all I was buried completely inside of her. Her legs were wrapped tight around me and her fingernails clawed desperately at my back. 

I began slow, even thrusts, and Sarah buried her face in my neck, kissing and biting sobbing with pleasure. I slid one hand under her sweatshirt, cradling a perfectly soft and bra less breast. I pinched her nipple lightly, and then harder. She put her hands on my cheeks and kissed my hungrily. I captured her wrists with my free hand and pined them above her head. 

Moving quicker, I took my hand out of her shirt and bunched it up at her neck, revealing her bountiful breasts and their pale, bubble-gum pink nipples. She brought her legs up and folded them against her chest. Soon I was braced on them, resting on her, trapping her beneath me, and moving quickly. The heat inside her only intensified as I thrust, building up with friction and tension, and soon I felt like I was plunging my cock into a furnace. She was crying out, her voice mingling with the muffled moans I heard coming from the girls in the tent. 

When he came, she arched her back, pushing her shins and knees against me in her passion. I felt a spray from inside her, and almost burning hot girl-cum splashed against me. She braced her hands on my neck and shoulders and cried out again and again. I continued thrusting as long as I was able, and then she was moaning. 

"It's too much," I kept pushing. "I'm too sensitive." 

I pushed one last time and she shuddered beneath me, and then some internal pressure within her was tightening, and I pulled out of her. Her legs flopped down limply, like a rag-doll dropped on the floor. I collapsed next to her, and we stared up at the stars, listening to our girlfriends going at it in the tent. 

When the fire started to die down, we got up and moved into the tent. It was small, designed for no more than three people, but we crammed five in anyway. Sarah had slipped out of her sweatshirt, and we lay naked together, watching the show. 

Molly was on her back. Lisa had the empty Bailey's bottle buried as far as it would go in her, and Lily was sucking her sister's clit through it all. Watching my innocent, tender girl defiled by a bottle stirred the feeling in my dick again, and I slipped silently into Sarah again. We fucked quietly, watching the girls we loved come over and over again. 

We drifted off to sleep sometime around three in the morning, crammed naked and satisfied in an overstuffed tent. We were pressed close to one another, Lisa and I were near the bottom, our girls pressed tight against us, all bundled under a chaotic pile of blankets and discarded undergarments.