 When I left college I had a long summer before I started university, eight weeks in total before moving away. I made it my goal to have a summer of drinking and spending time with my friends, knowing there was a possibility some of whom I was never to see again as our paths parted. Life at college had introduced me to social drinking and along with my friends after a few weeks we found ourselves moving away from our regular college bars and pubs, maybe due to growing out of them or maybe in order to preserve the memories from our college days. We found a great little pub a little out of our town that we found to be a known uni student haunt, and it ended up a good place to meet new people, listen to advice and stories and get acquainted with the different types that we were soon to spend the next three years of our life with.

After a few weeks of frequenting the student pub we ended up befriended by a close-knit group of soon to be second year uni students who were the complete opposite to us. We were generally known as Trendies; we wore designer gear, clubbed, and dabbled in coke and ecstasy, expensive a lifestyle as it was. OK, so to some we were poseurs and would be shunned or loathed, then again to others we were admired and imitated.

The group that we managed, bizarrely, to get acquainted with were Goths. The sort that dressed in dark clothing mainly blacks, pale faces, various piercing and crazy haircuts. The Goth students at college hated my group of friends and regular insults were often exchanged, as we would pass in corridors or in the common room. The group of Goths we met at our new pub however were different, they were a lot less hostile and as we got to know them more we found that a couple had been Trendies at one point in time. A horrific thought to more than one member of my group and to an extent me, but life's strange like that.

As our town was a stereotypical small town it turned out that they knew a few of our old college enemies, especially the Goths and there were awkward moments when sat at a table with someone you have called Morticia Adams and who has called you a pill head in class. Time however is a great healer and although a couple of them would not forgive and forget, the rest seemed to accept us as friends. As the summer went on we got closer as a group and there was no longer a feeling of us and them as our two groups simply merged, no more Trendies and Goths just a group of friends socialising.

Two of the girls I instantly remembered from around college, Sophie and Katherine who I always thought were sisters, due to their similar looks, dress sense and make up, however it turned out they were just friends. They were both just over 5 feet tall and appeared tiny among their friends who all had to be 6ft at least, especially in their doc martin boots. The girls both had jet-black hair, Sophie's was short and pixie like, Katherine wore hers shoulder length. I never really noticed it when at college, maybe due to previous preconceptions to dismiss them as Goths, up close and getting to know them they were really likeable and fun lasses and both absolutely stunning. Something that was probably hard to tell from a distance due to their initial appearance dressed as they did.

Sophie beneath all her make-up, had bronzed skin, brown eyes and a sexy cheeky smile that she was always showing, she was maybe the first to dispel my stereotype that all Goths were sullen and painfully serious as she was always laughing and joking around. Katherine was Sophie's opposite, with a milky white complexion, blue eyes, and freckles she was more towards the stereotype Sophie broke, but she could liven up, especially after a few drinks but Sophie was definitely the livelier more outgoing of the two.

We were regularly going out on nights into the town ending up in some of the clubs we used to frequent, our new friends finding themselves in places they would never have dreamed of going in when at college, the reason evident by the visible annoyance of our next generation Trendies who we found easy to ignore. It quickly became noticeable that Sophie and Katherine were very close, too close for just good friends and some of my old friends started to believe that they were lesbians; I also began to think along this way as well after observing them a few times.

On wilder nights they would hug and playfully peck each other on the lips or cheeks, dancing together they would put on a highly erotic show at the best of times, occasionally being outright blue on others. We had all asked them outright or tactfully at one point or another if they were lesbians but the girls would never give us a definite answer, leaving us to make up our own minds. It was common knowledge that their group at college was very incestuous in that they all had slept with each other at some time or another.

It was also rumoured they had all been known to experiment bi-sexually and seeing Sophie and Katherine dancing fuelled these rumours for me. Quizzing their closest friends would not get us any answers either; they would just laugh it off, saying that the two of them had always been like that and that they thought nothing of it. Interestingly I found out that none of them could say that they had been with either Sophie or Katherine in any kind of way sexual, male or female and could not recall either having mentioned a boyfriend.

This intrigued me, especially the thought of these two highly sexual and attractive females together and I was determined to find out some way or another. The moment that I did find out has to be one of the most memorable moments in my life.

It was the week before I was to leave for University, it had been a really hot day and we had all been drinking since early afternoon in a beer garden. By evening one by one people were leaving either to go home or go to another venue but I had decided to stay and get drunk where I was and by half ten there was only Sophie, Katherine and I left. We were all quite drunk and went inside to get a round at the bar, as I waited to get served I noticed the girls had begun their ritual heavy petting in front of the rest of the pub.

I was mesmerised as Sophie sat on Katherine's lap and thrust her chest into Katherine's face as she gyrated seductively on her lap to music from the jukebox. Katherine smiled mischievously and encouraged her, looking past her friend at me she laughed when she saw my facial expression and at the barmaid waiting patiently for me to pay.

As I came and sat at the table they had occupied handing out the drinks and shots I had bought I asked them for what must have been the one-hundredth time that summer, "are you two a couple?"

They both smiled in a horny way and looked at me with the usual wouldn't you like to know look before giggling. Knowing I was not going to get any straight answer from them I started the drinking games that had become a frequent ritual on nights out that were destined to get messy.

After another round the barmaid rang the bell for last orders. Sophie suggested we go on to a nightclub, although I didn't think we were dressed for it as we were all in casual clothes, jeans and trainers, the girls persuaded me by saying they were going to get the next round and it was going to be tequila slammers. From past experience this meant that they were going to sprawl out on the bar and drink it from each other's cleavage, something I didn't want to miss.

We headed for a local dance club and as we got close to the queue of half-dressed girls and smartly dressed guys I was convinced we would not get in, I was proven wrong when Sophie and Katherine took my hand in theirs and walked straight to the front. It turned out that the girls knew the doormen and they let all three of us in without paying, much to the vocal resentment of those still queuing outside.

No sooner had we got inside the club that I lost them in a bit of a crush to get into one of the rooms. After forging my way through the crowd I felt out of place in a haunt that I used to frequent at least twice a week and usually dressed in £100 shirts and designer shoes. I wandered around a little until I found them in the middle of the dance floor gyrating against each other taunting the groups of guys that stood ogling them. They were especially teasing one particular group, one guy kept coming up behind Sophie and trying to grab her and join in; the girls knew how to handle themselves and were shaking him off without a problem.

I went and stood by the bar and ordered a drink which I supped as I watched them looking into each other's eyes seductively dancing sexily, they would wrap a leg around each others waist's or hold onto each others sides as they ground into each other. And then I nearly spat my beer out as they embraced in a deep kiss that was not a platonic friendly kiss but one fit for lovers.

I instantly thought, I have my proof, and as if to punctuate the moment the group of guys began to cheer. This brought Sophie and Katherine out of the kiss, after a moment of coyness and hugging each other Katherine caught my eye and she whispered to Sophie who looked over at me smiling and waving me to come to them.

Who was I to decline the opportunity to make every guy in the club jealous I thought to myself as I reluctantly put my drink on the bar and started to make my way onto the dance floor. As I got close Sophie grabbed my arm and I was immediately pulled between the two girls and into the middle of the hottest, sexiest, gyrating sandwich of my life.

After a lot of dancing, several rounds and Tequila slammers (no body shots unfortunately) we left the club together at closing and happily staggering along the high street in a row arm in arm chatting and laughing.

"Some butch woman was hitting on me in the toilets" complained Katherine as we staggered along.

"Oh well that's nothing, I had a pack of bitches calling me a lesbo and dyke when I went in" Sophie responded sounding in disbelief.

They both sounded genuinely pissed off and I was about to add to the conversation when Katherine drunkenly announced, "I am going to get T-shirt printed saying that I am straight" gesturing across her chest as if writing the words.

Sophie laughed, agreeing adding, "Yeah, but it should just say We Suck Dicks! That would get the message across."

They both burst out laughing and I felt an instant stirring in my groin, I had always pictured these two tiny goddesses making out with each other, now I started to picture their pretty little mouths wrapped around a dick, my dick. I felt it getting hard in my pants. Now endless fantasies popped into my head and it was only when I realised Sophie speaking to me that I snapped out of them, we had reached their place.

"Are you coming in?" she asked

I managed a nod in response as my mind was still a buzz by what I had just heard and followed them both into the student flat. Katherine put some music on and Sophie went into the kitchen to get us all a drink, I sat watching her dancing in front of me, her eyes fixed on mine smiling. She had never teased me like this before; I had always known her to dance for Sophie in this way and no one else.

Sophie came back into the room, she handed me a glass of vodka, something I had no intention of drinking as I had had enough to drink already. She gave Katherine a glass and they both danced around whilst drinking and trying to stand up, sometimes failing and staggering about steadying themselves on each other.

A sexy song came on and they ended up in one of their usual teasing close dance embraces, after about five minutes of watching them bump and grind I decided to resurrect the T-shirt conversation.

"I think you are lying about the T-shirts" I said out loud and they quizzically looked at me while still dancing as I continued, "I think you were just saying it to throw me off, I think you are a couple and some of the attention tonight was emphasising it" 

They both stopped dancing and had looks of mock outrage; they were surprised at my comment and were pretending to be offended by it.

"We suck cocks" Katherine said.

Sophie repeated the words, "we suck dicks."

It was in this next moment, something came over me and I took an almighty chance, fuelled by drink and the horniness of the situation, I asked them; "prove it".

They both stared at me open mouthed, Katherine managed to stammer "what?"

I flashed her a grin, leaned back in the chair and asked again "prove it."

Then my heart started to race as Sophie dropped to her knees in front of me, looking straight at me with purpose announcing, "OK, I will"

I looked at Katherine my eyes wide; my brief moment of cockiness now gone as I was not sure if this was a joke or not I stammered, "What?"

Ignoring me Sophie turned to look up at Katherine, "come on help me prove it, we have to prove we are not dykes" she commanded.

I was now positively rock hard as Katherine slid to her knees beside her friend and they looked up at me, giggling in unison and my dick stirred at the sound and situation before positively tearing itself free when they simultaneously reached for my zipper.

My desperate to escape lurched a little; Sophie must have sensed this because she looked mischievously at Katherine and they both slowed their actions, Katherine rested her hands on my thighs and Sophie grabbed my zipper slowly sliding it down. When it was undone she gently probed around inside my shorts, her faintest touch on my member sent a spark through my body as she delicately eased my dick into the open. This is it I thought to myself, my perfect day. I was looking down at my raging hardon swaying close to two beautiful female faces.

Kneeling between my legs Sophie was slowly pumping my cock inches from her lovely lips and Katherine had her cheek pressed against her friends, they were both staring at me now with serious expressions.

"What do you want us to prove?" Sophie asked flatly, parting her lips and pointing the head of my dick towards her mouth.

I repeated the request that I had asked twice earlier, "Prove it."

"Prove what" Katherine innocuously asked as if naive.

I smiled down at them; knowing what was going to happen, all I had to do was ask them to do it, so I did, "Prove it, prove that you suck dick."

As soon as the words left my mouth Sophie took me into hers, sucking and feeding me into her welcoming throat, I was in heaven. I had received a few blowjobs in my time and this was one of the best. She took quite a bit of me in before slowly withdrawing using her saliva as lubricant she then started to wank me into her mouth while working my cock head with her tongue.

I could feel my orgasm building and Sophie must have noticed, she let my dick flop from her mouth, it was twitching and desperate for release.

She grinned up at me asking, "Have I proved it?"

I grinned down at her and nodded; grabbing my now wet throbbing cock and pointed it at Katherine asking, "Are you going to prove it as well?"

Katherine looked uneasy, moving her head slightly away smiling nervously, Sophie leaned in and gave the head of my cock a quick flick with her tongue, giggled and then moved back and pulled her top over her head revealing her amazing bronzed pert breasts, she started to whisper encouragement to her friend.

Katherine giggled a little; I briefly wondered what Sophie had been saying to her when Katherine looked straight at me, her lovely blue eyes showing determination. She gently brushed stray hair away from her face leaning in closer and I waggled my cock playfully which served as a prompt for her to act. She swiftly moved forward opening her mouth and enveloping most of my cock giving it one long leisurely suck.

I was having the time of my life; Sophie toyed with her breasts in front of me while Katherine gave me amazing head. She bobbed fervently in my lap, the work Sophie had done primed my trigger and Katherine was going to set it off.

As predicted it wasn't long before I could feel my orgasm building, not wanting to be inconsiderate I warned the bobbing Katherine, "I'm going to cum!"

She slowed down before releasing me from her mouth with an audible pop. Sophie scooted in closer her big brown eyes glazed and to my surprise she took hold of my cock again, this time wanking it towards her open mouth. This action was too much and I bucked and shot three huge loads, two straight into her mouth and the last over her breasts. Katherine looked on in awe as her friend licked the head of my dick while grinning and massaging my cum into her naked chest.

Sophie then turned to her looking lustily at her friend and pulled her close, they then looked at me with a glint before kissing, sharing my cum. The cum sharing embrace lasted almost a minute and as they parted Sophie rested her hands on my knees looking at me, her naked chest stuck out proud.

"Have we proved it, have we both proved that we suck dick?" she asked grinning.

"Yes, yes, you both proved it very well." I replied with much conviction and they both sexily giggled before resuming their kiss which I was content on simply watching.

The following days we acted normally towards each other not speaking of that night. Although I was eager for a repeat performance, maybe more even, nothing else happened between the three of us and it soon came close to the time for me to be heading off to university. I was sat with the rest of the group in our favoured pub and we were all sat idly chatting, speculating about next year and what university life was going to be like when Sophie and Katherine came and joined us, after they said their hellos they put their drinks on the table and stood and removed their jackets in unison.

I didn't notice until the other guys at the table burst out laughing and then I studied them, they were both stood with their hands on their hips grinning triumphant. Wearing printed T-shirts sporting the phrase We Suck Dicks! I laughed out loud and clapped my hands ceremoniously nodding my approval.

They definitely proved it to me.