 Robert looked up when his wife Rachel walked into the room and asked him one more time to go with her to the party.

Robert sighed, "Honey, it’s a costume party. I worked all week and I’m bushed. I really don’t feel like getting into some weird costume and parading around wringing wet with sweat.You go ahead with the girls and have a good time. I’m just going to sit back in my recliner and watch a ball game. I’m bushed really. Leave me out of this one please?"

Her big sigh told me she wasn’t happy with my answer, but she’d live with it. Turning around she headed back upstairs to get ready. She was going with our daughter Jenny and Jenny’s best friend Ashley. Twenty minutes later the girls walked back in so I could see them before they left. I’ll have to admit all 3 of them looked pretty damn hot. Don’t ask me why but they had decided weeks ago to all dress in the same costume. Geisha girls and I was going to be their master, if you can believe that. My wife Rachel was almost 5’8, long blonde hair and sparkling blue eyes. She had the longest legs that I loved feeling wrapped around my back when I was fucking her. God that woman loved to fuck. She was my dream girl from high school. My daughter Jenny was 5’5, honey blonde hair like her mother and big brown eyes, legs to die for and the cutest little ass I’d seen in a long time. Yeah I know she’s my daughter, but hey, I’m a guy and know when I see a beautiful woman, and Jenny was stunning. Since she hit puberty she’s had more boyfriends than I care to count. Jenny’s best friend since grade school is Ashley. Ashley is tiny and petite. Maybe 5’ tall, but I doubt it, black hair just below her shoulders and piercing green eyes. For a tiny girl, she had one hell of a set of tits. Big melons and the tightest ass you could imagine. A hot, hot girl. "I’ll say this much ladies, you all look absolutely steaming, the two girls blushed and my wife rolled her eyes as if to say, yeah right."

"We should be home by midnight my wife said."

"And then Ashley walked over and plopped a costume on the coffee table asking me if I would give it to her boyfriend Kenny when he got there. He’s gonna be late so we’re going and he’s going to meet us there. Batting her eyes and leaning down she asked again, you don’t mind do you Mr. Paulson?"

"My eyes riveted to her big tits, uh, huh, oh no, I don’t mind. You girls go ahead, I’ll see he gets the costume when he gets here."

I watched all three asses sashaying out the door and stared out the window until all 3 were in the car. Five minutes the doorbell rang. Fuck I muttered to myself, getting up and walking to open it.

"Hi Mr. Paulson. Have the girls left yet?"

"Yep, you just missed them but Ashley did leave your costume."

Kenny hung his head and said, "That’s the problem. Ashley had to send to New York for the costume. It’s a one of a kind and now I cant go. We just got a call from Denver and my great grandmother passed away. The family is all leaving immediately and flying out for the funeral. I hope she’ll understand. Ashley was really looking forward to this party and now I have to spoil it for her. Can you just tell her what happened and tell her I’m sorry about the costume she special ordered for me."

"I patted him on the back and told him she’d understand. Trust me young man, Ashley has a heart of gold and will certainly understand. Please tell your family for me they have my condolences." When he left I picked up the costume, held it in front of me and smiled. Yep, that kid is just about my size. He knew the hood would be hot covering his head, but couldn’t help but wonder if he could pull it off and everyone would think he was Kenny? What a charge that’ll be. At least the material was thin, and hopefully the party would be air conditioned, so what the hell. I’ve always wanted to be Batman anyway. The caped crusader. Ha. The mask was hooded so slipping into the costume and looking in the mirror and flexing my muscles, I chuckled and pulled the mask over my head and stared at my reflection. Oh hell yes. I can pull this off for sure.

I walked the 5 blocks where I knew the party was, getting a few cat calls and horn honking from the passing cars. The door opened when I reached the top step and with a wave of a hand I was inside and looking for my girls. I picked up a drink at the open bar, and walked through every room downstairs, not finding any of the three. Across the room I spied a spiral stair case heading up stairs and decided they must be up there. 

Holding the railing I made my way up, through the throng of people going up and coming down. Damn, this house was huge. I looked down a long hallway heading in both directions and went left. Room to room I walked. Hundreds of people were milling around in various stages of dress and undressed. Some kissing, some holding hands, some dancing, and just off to my right I saw one couple fucking right out in the open. The third room I walked in was a little dark and working the room slowly, I finally saw my wife, who thought I was Kenny by the costume. She waved and as I got closer could see she was laid across the arm of a huge sofa, putting her finger to her lips, telling Kenny to not say anything. Behind my wife with his great big black cock pounding in and out of her hungry cunt was a man I’d never seen before and my wife was grinding her cunt back at his stabbing thick meat, gasping as she begged Kenny to please not tell Robert. I made the lip zipper move and watched a few more minutes as my wife panted like a whore, stretching her own nipples out as the tall black man hammered her willing wet cunt again and again, until she almost screamed and rutted back on his spewing prick, Hot ropes of cum shooting deep inside my wifes honey hole. Her pussy muscles clamping around his churning prick cumming all over his bloated spitting black snake. 

I gave her the thumbs up sign and headed down the hall to another room, wondering how many men my innocent wife planned on fucking this night. Four rooms later I walked in a room and my daughter Jenny was on her hands and knees. One thick cock pounding her hot little honey cunt doggy style, and her lips forming a perfect circle around a monster prick face fucking her mouth. The thick fuck meat stabbing her cunt would go balls deep as my daughter ground her sloppy cunt at the base of its thickness, before it was pulled slowly out and slammed hard deep inside again. Her honey juices glistening along every thick inch of the fat prick burrowing in and out of her orgasmic young fuck hole. The man face fucking her tensed his body as Jenny slid his fat prick from her loud slurping mouth, pointed it at her face and pumped slowly, huge eruptions of cum spewing from the tip, hot ropes of thick sticky cum blasting her face. Landing in her hair, over her eye lid and into her open mouth as her tongue flicked at the tip, snatching the last drops dribbling from the big purple tip. She squealed as the long stabbing prick burrowed to the firey depths of her quaking young cunt and flooded her hungry hole with hot spurts of squirting cum. Her young cunt muscles gripping the fat man meat like a vise, milking every drop from the buried thick bone. Pulling her lips from the beautiful cock in her mouth, Jenny gasped, looked at me, pointed down the hall and in almost a whisper said, "Ashley is waiting for you down the hall in the next room."

Like I did with my wife, I gave Jenny a thumbs up and looking back over my shoulder as she took another thick bone in her slick cunt, I headed down the hall looking for Ashley. I could see her from across the room when I entered. Sweet little Ashley, kneeling between two men who were sitting on a sofa. Their thick hard cocks pointing straight in the air. Ashley had one hard cock in each hand, her tiny fingers curled around the steel hard bones, pumping up and down slowly, leaning her head from one stiff cock to the next, popping the huge purple heads just inside her mouth, sucking loudly, tasting each sweet drop of precum that she milked from the gorgeous pricks with her steady pumps and gentle squeezing along the lengths of each throbbing fuck stick. Her hot little cunt shaking behind her as she kneeled, ravishing those beautiful swollen members with her voracious wet mouth. She moaned when I kneeled behind her, running my hands over her delicious little ass, sliding her tiny panties down her legs and running my fingers through her hairless cunt lips. Her juices glistening on my fingertips when I moved three thick fingers deep in her willing little cunt and massaged her g-spot. 

Looking back over her shoulder but still pumping those magnificent cocks, Ashley smiled.

"Hi Kenny, Sorry I started without you honey, but as you can see, I couldn’t resist."

She moved her mouth back over one throbbing prick just before it exploded in her mouth, sending thick ropes of cum gushing down her throat. Swallowing hard, she slurped at the spewing tip, catching every drop with her talented tongue just as she felt Kenny’s very long cock slither to the bottom of her slick greedy cunt. Her cunt stretched wide as he pounded every hard thick inch in and out of Ashley’s slick quivering young cunt hole. She couldn’t remember Kenny being so hard, so long and oh so very thick before, but she rocked her tight little cunt back and forth on his magnificent thickness, moaning around the cock she had buried in her throat, and cum in hot gushes all over his stabbing plunging man prick. Folding his hands around Ashleys tiny waist, I hammered her hot hole, jack hammering my hips, driving the thickness of my fat prick to the very depths of her quaking young cunt. She shivered, pumped her tight cunt back against my buried bone and squealed again when she came, her cunt muscles snapping hard along every thick inch I rammed in and out of her. Slamming my thickness balls deep again and again, then burying it at the bottom of her hot young cunt and grunting like a wounded animal, flooding her tight honey hole with thick gobs of my cum. Her strong cunt muscles rippling up and down every thick inch of my man hood. Milking the last drop from my dwindling man prick. Pulling out and standing up to tuck my flacid prick back inside my costume, I turned and walked out, heading home as Ashley devoured the prick sliding to the back of her throat.

Two hours later I was awakened by the turn of the front door and 3 very tired girls stumbling inside and plopping down on the couch.

"I asked them all if they had a good time?"

"Oh it was so so, they all responded. Okay but nothing to brag about." 

"Oh by the way Ashley, your boyfriend stopped by and asked me to tell you he was sorry about not being able to make it but his great grandmother died and he and his family had to take an emergency flight to Denver for the funeral. He said he was awful sorry you had to special order his costume and he never got to use it." All 3 faces of the girls turned ashen.

"Uh, um you mean that costume has been sitting on the table all night, my wife asked hesitantly?"

"Yep, right there. You girls look like you seen a ghost or something. What went on at that silly party tonight anyway."

"Oh nothing they all chimed at the same time. Nothing at all."

Then they turned and headed upstairs, with me staring at those lushes tight little asses of each of them.

"I could hear them all asking each other, that had to be Kenny, didn’t it?"

Thinking to myself,chuckling, "next time I’m gonna nail that sweet little cunt of my daughters. Oh yeah, next time."