 I've just been part of an incredible classic FFM three-way. In college we called it being 'the meat in a fuck sandwich'. Unbelievable. And the best part is, this was not a one-time-only encounter but, to paraphrase Bogart at the end of Casablanca, the beginning of a beautiful relationship.

My name is Craig. Teri and I were married three months ago, so we still classify as newlyweds. We had planned our lives out to include home-ownership in about two years, the start of a family in another three, and a few decades of quiet happy middle-class life to follow. 

Then, everything changed about a month ago with a single phone call.

Emma was Teri's college dorm roommate for three years and they became very close. She was one of Teri's bridesmaids. Because a few hundred miles separated them now they saw each other infrequently (the last time was right after we'd returned from our honeymoon) but constantly emailed and instant-messaged each other and talked on the phone at least once a week. That Emma called wasn't of itself significant, but that she called at two in the morning and was crying hard enough I could hear her from across the bed was. 

Teri and I had gone the traditional route and married, all nice and legal. Emma was far too much the bohemian for any such conventionalities (her high school had voted her 'most likely to wind up in a commune') and had started living with a guy named Jim about two months before our wedding. I didn't particularly like Jim but he was her choice to make, not mine. Apparently my gut feelings about him proved correct.

At first I'd thought he'd beaten her, but that wasn't the case. Words can hurt more than weapons, however, because while physical cuts will heal, the wounds from spiteful speech fester permanently in places where bandages can't reach and ointments can't soothe. His abuse of her had grown and gotten to the point where she couldn't take any more, and she found herself on the street in the middle of the night with nowhere else to turn.

She turned to Teri.

We dressed and drove the few hundred miles to her, and brought her home with us. Teri called in a personal day (we are both teachers) and I went off to work to do as best I could, and to give the two of them a chance to calm down and get reacquainted.

In my absence they decided that Emma would stay with us until she figured out what her next move was. Her job obviously was gone (her BA degree in Liberal Arts sat collecting dust while she worked in an art gallery just to be surrounded by all those wonderfully creative people, one of whom had just broken her heart and her spirit) but she promised to find something locally and contribute to the rent and groceries. Our small town didn't have much in the way of art galleries, but I was certain her combination of academic degree and life experience could propel her comfortably into a position behind the counter at McDonalds.

The last thing I wanted was a house guest, but I couldn't be cruel and send her packing, and besides the decision had been made already, and so Emma came to live with us in our rented townhouse condo.

The first two years of a marriage are the magical time when you really get to know each other. It's just the two of you, building a life together, doing whatever pleases you, getting the most out of being young and in love before responsibilities begin to build up on your shoulders and life turns slowly into a routine. Now we had an intruder and it felt as if someone had slammed on the matrimonial brakes.

The first thing that suffered was the sex. Teri and I up till then enjoyed sex a lot, and would often just go at it in whatever part of the house we were in whenever the urge struck us. Now, we were restricted to bed, at night, and even then we held back so we didn't make too much noise and bother Emma. Plus, on many nights we'd hear Emma crying in the room downstairs (which was supposed to have been the office where I would write the Great American Novel, but instead, with a quick trip to Ikea, was converted into a guest room) and on those weepy nights Teri would go down to comfort her and I'd wind up sleeping alone and horny.

After two weeks the strain was obviously showing, because one morning while Teri was still upstairs getting ready for work and Emma and I were alone downstairs in the kitchen having coffee and toast Emma told me how much she appreciated our taking her in as we had, and assured me she was searching for a way to show her appreciation. I wanted to tell her she could show her appreciation by getting the hell out but instead I told her everything was fine and that she could take her time.

"No sense rushing into another disaster," I said, and regretted having said it for a number of reasons. Besides implying she could stay as long as she wanted with my blessing, I was also passing judgment on her relationship with Jim, sort of an 'I told you so' that I really had no right to say even though I would have been perfectly justified in doing so.

She came to me and kissed me on the cheek, very gently, and then kissed my lips very briefly and sweetly.

Teri came down the stairs. Emma went back to her coffee and I to mine. I just hoped Teri didn't notice the bulge pushing out the front of my pants.

Now, what the hell was that all about?

Emma was cute, but not my type. She was shorter than Teri and heavier although nowhere near overweight, just built differently, zaftig to Teri's petite. She had dark brown hair and deep eyes and thick fingers and while all that may be attractive to some men she'd never done a thing for me, not with Teri there anyway. Teri was my ideal. She was tall, slender, and naturally pretty, with reddish auburn hair that framed her oblong face very nicely. Her body made me crazy. She had small breasts with proportionately small deep red nipples that stood out so starkly against her creamy skin, and where her legs came together she had the briefest of red downy patches just above the most beautiful pussy I'd ever seen. 

Some men may say women are all alike down there, but they have no idea what they're talking about. I have seen some ugly pussy in my day. Teri was perfect.

So why had Emma's short-lived kiss caused such a reaction in me?

Looking back now I see it as an omen. At the time, it scared the crap out of me, and I was only able to function that day by telling myself the abrupt decrease in sexual contact had rendered me susceptible to almost any stimulation. Otherwise, was I falling out of love with Teri so easily?

My return home that afternoon was delayed by an impromptu faculty meeting at the high school where I tried to shove history into some of the most unyielding little minds I'd ever encountered. A supposed glitch in the testing schedule had become the local school board's newest jihad and if not resolved immediately would result in world-wide catastrophe, a massive death-toll, and rampant inflation crushing the fragile world economy. 

Teri, whose elementary school ran like relative clockwork, had gotten home at a reasonable hour and when I trudged in the door supper was already bubbling away aromatically on the stove and the two girls looked as happy as I'd ever seen them. Both gave me welcoming hugs and kisses, and after Emma's I shot a glance at Teri to see if she'd seen and objected but she was busy stirring something and wasn't paying attention. I went upstairs to change and relax a few minutes, and they seemed just as happy to have the kitchen to themselves again.

As I undressed I heard them laughing away down there and recall thinking sarcastically how glad I was that somebody had a good day. I also recall feeling incredibly guilty about being so petty and I resolved to try my best to, if not join their spirit when I went back down to eat, at least try and emulate it.

Supper was delicious, a spicy stew and roasted potatoes with cheese and garlic. We cracked open a bottle of wine and toasted our good fortune and friendship. Afterwards, I made a pot of coffee while the girls cleaned up. Teri sliced an apple pie and topped it with ice cream, and we all went to the front room to relax with our desserts.

Teri and Emma shared the couch, looking somewhat like bookends in their matching jeans and coordinating pullover tops. I took the recliner, and thought nothing of the arrangement until after the coffee and pie was gone and I saw the two girls sitting far closer together than could be explained accidentally. They were up to something. I felt like the birthday boy who's sixth sense had just reasoned out a surprise party seconds before the multitudes came spilling out of the broom closet.

Then Teri hit me with a question that struck me out of the blue. "What do you thin of our Emma?" she asked.

I thought it an inappropriate question at best. What was I to say with the girl sitting there, where I should have been and would have been had she not been present?

I said nothing. Teri smiled at me and I could not read her expression. Emma seemed to be in some distant plateau, removed from us altogether, but I could tell she was observing and waiting.

"We were roommates for three years," Teri said, and I knew that already. "We became very close."

I knew that, too.

Teri held Emma's hand.

"You never knew just how close," Teri added, and her meaning began to sink in. Where her inapt question moments before had stifled me to silence, her oblique declaration and all its potential implications froze me entirely. I stared -- quite stupidly I must admit -- at the two of them now practically in each other's laps on the couch.

To further demonstrate how close she meant, Teri turned Emma's face around and kissed her. It was not the kiss of a close friend. It was the kiss of a reunited lover.

I never suspected Teri was capable of such things. My head went dizzy imagining what the two must have been like, alone together night after night in their cozy dorm room. 

My god! My wife of three months had just confessed to being bisexual, and had, apparently, that very afternoon fallen back on her old ways while I was still at work, wrestling with the school board's latest dictum!

That explained their good moods. Perfectly understandable. But, where did that leave me?

I had long ago accepted that neither Teri nor I were virgins when we met. We had been nineteen at the time, college sophomores, and in this day and age nineteen year old virgins were not just the exception rather than the rule, they were the joke rather than the exception. That other guys had been where I was going before me was okay, and likewise that other girls had been with me was all right with her. I imagine if, at the time, she had told me of her dalliance on the wild side I might have accepted that with enthusiasm as well, but she'd never mentioned it and I'd never imagined such a thing possible. I was flabbergasted, thrilled, and turned on all at once. 

But, marriage is supposed to change one's reactions to such things. That legal document comes with the proviso that you are exclusively each other's, and while neither of us previously had been in the least bit possessive towards each other, now with that paper stuck between us it felt like I should have been outraged that she had fucked someone else, even if that someone else was another girl.

I wasn't, however, and I think it was because the ink was barely dry on our wedding certificate. The institutional formality had yet to cement itself into our psyches. I sat there, watching my wife kiss her girlfriend, and got such a raging erection I wanted to immediately join them on the couch, not sure if I'd be welcomed but determined to get my share of whatever was about to happen.

Teri stopped me with an upturned palm. "You're not upset?" she asked with a wide-eyed look that mocked innocence.

"Devastated," I told her.

"Disappointed?" she asked, and while she did, Emma kissed the side of my wife's face and her neck, and her hand rested on Teri's belly and then slid up to cup a demure breast.

"I may never recover," I said.

Indeed, in an instant my life had changed, gone squirrelly, been rendered insane and then reconstructed into a dreamscape interpretation of its former self. The future that Teri and I had plotted out together in easily digestible chunks was irretrievably vanished. The intrusion of disease or mishap couldn't have done so masterful a job of destroying a plan, and yet this new wrinkle in our relationship was not a hindrance to what we wanted but an exciting alteration of what 'wanting' actually meant. 

I had never realized until that moment, but the prospect of living out my life in bourgeois monotony had actually sat on me, Atlas-like, as twin boulders, one of immense security, the other of incalculable tedium. Watching that kiss had lifted a tremendous weight off me, had liberated me from living a mirror-image of my parents, who now sat languorously awaiting retirement, a few years on the golf course, and then death. 

"Do you want to see more?" Teri asked, as Emma massaged that breast roughly over her shirt and slid down to put her face in front of Teri's chest. The edge of Teri's shirt came up and by the motion of Emma's head I knew she was sucking on Teri's nipple.

"I want to see it all," I said, and rather than finish getting up to join them I sat back and watched.

They worked Teri's shirt up and off. She was not built big enough to warrant bras as a rule, and hadn't been wearing one that day, so she was now topless with her friend licking and sucking at her tits. I watched Teri's face go through the same emotions she experienced when it was me ministering to her body, and I wondered if, sometimes, when I was fucking her, did she close her eyes and imagine it was Emma instead. The prospect thrilled me, where most men would perhaps feel cheated, but I was not most men and this was certainly not typical of most men's wives. 

Emma's shirt went next, and she wore a skimpy black lacey bra that snapped in the front. Very shortly that was gone as well. The two moved on the couch to kiss some more and I had a perfect view of both their bodies.

What an amazing contrast they were. This may not be a welcomed analogy, but just as it is incomprehensible to me that mastiffs and Chihuahuas are both genetically identical dogs I have always been amazed at the immense variety of design that are all essentially 'woman'. 

Teri was small up top, pale skin with almost mannishly small nipples. Emma was huge by comparison, although in all fairness she was more of the grapefruit rather than cantaloupe size. Her skin was a deeper hue and her nipples were large, fingerlike protrusions a rich dried-blood color. I watched with fascination as my wife sucked on those nipples, bit them, and dragged her tongue over them as she might an ice-cream cone. 

My cock began to pulse in my pants and I wanted so terribly to let it loose and stroke it but I didn't dare. In my current state I would have made an incredible mess of myself in no time at all and this was a moment to savor, not crash into.

Emma slid to her knees on the floor and as Teri leaned back Emma opened the front of my wife's jeans. Teri lifted her hips up off the couch and the jeans came reluctantly down, leaving her in soft pink panties. Emma pulled Teri's shoes off, and her white ankle socks, and then proceeded to kiss her way up Teri's legs to her knees, which dutifully parted, and then kissed her way up Teri's marvelous thighs.

Teri turned her head to watch me as I watched Emma pull down the front of those panties and kiss the soft mound above Teri's clit. Her look asked me if I was really all right with this, and I smiled back as reassuringly as I could. 

It is conceivable that a man like myself, trapped in the moment, would agree to things he would later regret once the passion was spent, but I tried my best to let her know wordlessly that I loved her and adored the fact that she was confident enough in us to share her secret side with me.

About that time the panties were tugged off and discarded and Emma buried her face between my wife's legs, tonguing her cunt furiously, and Teri leaned her head back against the billowy cushions of the sofa and enjoyed being eaten. Whatever messages we had failed to convey by then would have to wait until some later time.

Teri draped her slender legs over Emma's shoulders and her body shook with the beginnings of a mighty orgasm. Having me as audience had excited her into a quick resolution, but certainly not the only or last climax she'd enjoy that night.

Emma stood up and Teri sat forward and opened Emma's jeans and tugged them down. Emma wore a black lace thong to match her bra, and her round ass cheeks shone brilliantly like polished olivine globes. Teri pulled the thong down and Emma stepped out of it, kicking off her sneakers as well, and now both girls were naked.

Teri kissed Emma's belly, and her hands reached around to hold her friend's ass. They moved together, slightly awkwardly, and Teri lay back while Emma climbed on her knees aboard the cushions, straddling Teri's face. She settled in over Teri's mouth and Teri at once had her tongue stuffed up inside Emma's pussy.

Emma looked at me, not for approval because we had already passed that bridge, but inviting me to join. Her breasts hung on her chest heavily and the temptation to have them was far more than I could resist. 

I got up and stood in front of the sofa, bent over slightly to kiss her breasts and hold those incredible nipples between my teeth. Teri's hand fumbled and found my crotch, inspected my erection, and tugged my zipper down. I helped her by holding the top of my jeans steady, and then further by undoing the button that joined the two flaps. 

Her hand went inside my boxers and latched on to my cock, and I felt myself ready to come if she'd so much as tugged on it once. I attacked Emma's chest as I waited to see what Teri would do, but she sensed my dilemma and let go of me, instead struggling to get my pants and shorts down past my knees. 

I momentarily straightened to pull my sweatshirt over my head and was, then, nearly as naked as they were. Emma, still riding my wife's face, reached over to explore my chest and belly. I moved down and kissed her lips, hard, while her hand slid around my ribs to my back and then down to my ass.

Her grip was rough, almost manly, and I found I liked it that way. She squeezed my cheek, and then brought that hand around to cup my balls, holding them as if checking their weight. About that time, she began to shudder with her first climax.

The couch had served its purpose and introduced us all. Now, we needed room. I stripped off the rest of my clothes and followed the two girls upstairs to our bedroom. 

Interesting turn of phrase; 'our bedroom'. Until that moment it had meant Teri and my bedroom. At that point it became the property of the three of us, and while I'm sure that not all three will sleep in it together all the time, and not all three will fuck in it together all the time, nevertheless the 'our' in 'our bedroom' will certainly change meanings.

We kept the lighting subdued, just the lamp on the desk instead of the garish overhead fixture. I thought about adding music, but it would have only been a distraction at that point. We didn't need candles or violins to put us in a mood we were already overwhelmed by.

Teri and Emma lay down together and began kissing. I stood beside them, watching, and then Emma reached up and took my hand and tugged. I lay down behind her. Teri and I kissed over her shoulder. As we did, Emma moved down between us and I suddenly felt her warm mouth on my cock.

She alternated between sucking me and licking Teri, and then she moved back up and I went down, and while she and my wife kissed some more I took turns kissing their pussies.
