 Note to the reader: In this diary I will tell the true stories of my sexual encounters that have come about thanks to the internet. Some more precise details such as names and places will be left out to protect mine and others' privacy, and also because they don't matter. Each entry in the diary can be read alone or as part of a series, but since I have a wide sexual appetite you may not find everything I've done to be such a turn on, so you may want to skip those chapters.

*

First I would like to apologise for the length of time it's taken me to write this story up. If you have read the other chapters of this diary, you will know that I went traveling after I finished university, intending to meet up with people from adult personal sites along the way. But although I kept a diary of the trip when I got back last May, I only had time to write up the first encounter before other events in my life took precedent (such as finding a job, moving out, working, and exploring my new found sexual confidence found on my travels). I can't promise to write up the other encounters and ones I've had since returning at any great speed, but I will at least try to post reports of the rest of my trip by the end of the year.

So, after St. Petersburg I went all the way through Russia and Mongolia without meeting anyone else from the internet. Of course, I met plenty of other travellers and locals many of whom were very attractive, but for various reasons I didn't end up sleeping with any of them.

By the time I reached Beijing though I was itching for some action, particularly as I was now surrounded by Asian girls, and for some reason, probably just because I grew up in a very white area so they still looked exotic to me, ever since I was a teenager I'd found Asian girls more attractive than any others. Luckily in a city only a few hours by train away lived another of my adult dating site contacts, so during my week in the capital I arranged to meet them on my way south.

This was a married couple I'd exchanged quite a few messages with on the dating site and chatted to on MSN a few times. I was eager to meet them from the start for two reasons. First, the guy was bisexual and after other meeting with a couple with a bi guy (see Chapter 3 of this series) I longed for more experiences like that. Second, the woman was Chinese so I would be able to realise at least a few of the thousands of fantasies I had involving Asian women. And third, they were within ten years of my own age: the guy, Patrick from Canada, being 32 and the woman, Ai Ling, being 29, both pretty good looking, so it didn't seem to be some lecherous old white guy forcing his Asian wife to do things against her will.

Once we began chatting (mostly with Patrick although he asured me Ai Ling was reading too sometimes) I discovered a whole host of other reasons. We had swapped photos of us in action so I knew they liked to take them, and when I mentioned it he told me they also had a video camera they could use if I liked (I said I certainly did!). In our conversations we had talked about our fantasies so it seemed we had alot in common, and although they had managed to realise a few of theirs with other people they'd met they didn't seem to mind the idea of repeating them with me. Gradually their initial suggestion that we meet up for one night became an invitation to stay with them for an entire weekend, during which we planned to go through a kind of checklist of different positions and combinations of two men and a woman that we had come up with online.

As soon as I let them know I was in China we finalised the details and I got my train tickets. Trains in China are pretty good and generally on time so they agreed to meet me at the station. It was not hard to find them as the city was not a major tourist destination except for Chinese tourists, so Patrick stood out as the only other person of European origin there with his thin, ginger hair, blue eyes and his height. He was a little taller than me, which although in England is about average in China it's tall. Ai Ling stood next to him, a little shorter, her shoulder-length, wavy hair dyed a kind of reddish brown framing her pretty face, which was a shape one of my Chinese friends has described as a "moon face" - quite wide with high cheekbones. Both were dressed in suits as they'd just come from work.

"Hi," I said when I reached them and shook hands. There was no need for introductions after the photos we'd seen of each other. "We meet at last."

"Hi," they answered smiling, things already starting out much less awkward than my previous meetings - my experience starting to bear fruit. "How was the journey?"

"Good thanks. Did you both have good days at work?"

"Yes thanks. Would you like to drop your bag at our place?" Patrick suggested indicating my huge backpack, which as I was not returning to Beijing I had had to bring with me. "Then we could go and eat if you like?"

"Sounds like a good idea."

I followed them on a ten minute walk, though it seemed a bit longer thanks to the weight of my bag, and then into an apartment block. From the brief glimpse I got of their apartment while dumping my bag it seemed quite nice, not huge but about the proportions of an average well-off Western home, certainly bigger than Annie's place in Russia and probably several times the size enjoyed by most Chinese people.

We didn't linger long there however, and went straight to a nice little restaurant that they knew. In China generally the more people you eat with the better the meal as everyone tucks into everything on the table, but having someone who speaks Chinese also helps as then you actually know what you're ordering. Patrick and Ai Ling were obviously regulars from the way they were greeted so knew what to get, and the food was great.

As we ate we chatted quite easily together - I told them of my travels so far, and they related what it was like to live in China. Then the conversation turned to sexual experience, and it felt a little odd discussing this in public even though none of the other people there spoke English. I gave a short account of my previous experience with a couple and they told me about the last guy they'd met with, a few months before, who was more their age. As this began to arouse me I found my self looking at Ai Ling more and more, but tried to hide it as I wasn't sure if this would be considered rude even if we would be fucking later.

"Well if Jack's going to shave before we start having fun, we'd better get going hadn't we?" Patrick said eventually, refering to a conversation we'd had online about oral sex and how much more pleasant it is when people are shaved down there. We paid and left, going straight back to their apartment where I got the shaving foam and new razor I had bought for the occasion, and retired to the bathroom. It took me about half an hour to shave off all my pubic hair, which had grown back completely since the last time I had done this many months before, as I had warned Patrick it would on the internet. Even when it isn't so thick shaving your genitals is not a job it is wise to rush, so I took my time and eventually was smooth from front to back. I washed off the excess foam, dried myself on a towel they'd given me, got dressed, cleaned up my hairs and was done.

On coming out of the bathroom I realised I needn't have bothered getting dressed. In the middle of the sitting room was a video camera on a tripod facing the couch on which Patrick and Ai Ling were sat totally naked kissing and stroking each other. I approached slowly, taking the opportunity to admire their bodies: both were pretty fit looking, Patrick's muscles well defined without being particularly large; Ai Ling's body was also fairly toned beneath her slightly tanned skin, not stick thin like many Chinese women, and her breasts were also a little larger than I'd generally noticed despite only being maybe C cups.

"I suppose I should get undressed again," I said to announce my presence, making them both jump, then laugh.

"We were just warming up while we waited," Patrick explained getting up and detaching the camera from its stand.

"But you should get undressed, yes," Ai Ling added also getting up. "I will help you."

While I hastily removed my jumper and t-shirt I could feel Ai Ling's fingers undoing my flies and within seconds I was standing naked like them, my clothes disgarded in a corner. Patrick filmed as his wife ran her fingers over my body, lingering on my now bald and already twitching genitals, giving me a gentle kiss on the lips, just flicking them with her tongue, and then sank to her knees before me.

"We thought that after so long a journey since St. Petersburg," Pat explained, handing me the camera to continue filming from my view point, "you might not last too long if we went straight to fucking, so you might need a bit of a release first. Plus we've both been looking forward to sucking that cock of yours since you sent us the photo so many months ago!"

Already Ai Ling was using her hands to play with my smooth balls, and as I arranged the camera so that it would record from a decent angle without me having to watch everything through the tiny viewing screen her husband knelt beside her, his face contrasting quite nicely with her pretty, Asian, feminine features, and peeled back my foreskin. So much attention could not fail to excite me and by the time soft female lips were kissing my balls I was fully erect. They continued to tease me for a couple of minutes, taking it in turns to kiss and lick the shaft or the skin below but ignoring the engorged head completely, until Ai Ling took pity and extending her tongue, giving the tip a lick. I gasped and she smiled before moving her tongue to the rest of it and then taking me inside her mouth.

It was ecstacy. Both gave excellent head and took it in turns, taking a break every time they swapped so that I wouldn't cum too soon. Frequently they also stopped to kiss each other, and that was as big a turn on as seeing either of them take my cock in their mouths. As a joke they began kissing through my cock, starting at the base, moving on either side and working their way up, thrashing their tongues around as if it was a barrier they were striving to get around.

I say as a joke but when they reached the head it was actually this that brought me over the edge - the touch of lips on each side, two tongues swirling over it, and the sight of my cock jammed between the lips of a beautiful Chinese woman and her Caucasian lover - it was even better than my wildest fantasies. So I ejaculated, taking them by surprise since they were kissing, the first couple of loads landing on their cheeks which were pressed together. Ai Ling was the first to react to my loud moan, locking her mouth to my spurting dick and sucking wildly, intensifying my orgasm so much I almost dropped the camera.

Patrick took over as it was fading away, drawing a few last shudders from me and the last of my cum, then he turned to his wife and they began kissing with some thorough tongue work. Well they'd told me they liked "cum play" so I wasn't surprised, but filmed the sexy sight of a spunked on couple snogging away and licking each other's faces clean. Then it turned even sexier, like something from the weirder bukkake porn I'd seen (where it was called "snowballing") but a bisexual version, as Ai Ling clamped her husbands mouth open and, holding her head a little above, possibly for the camera to get a better view, dribbled her mouthful of sperm into it. Patrick then returned the favour, and they did this several times until Patrick asked me if I wanted some.

Although rather dubious of tasting my own cum, since I was being given a weekend of unlimitted sex for free I agreed and got down with them, passing the camera to Patrick since Ai Ling had her mouth full. She took my head in her hands and I opened my mouth looking up to see her cute moon face spitting a mouthful of sperm into my mouth, the rest of my view blurred since it fell outside the lenses of my glasses.

I'd tasted other's sperm before, even a little of my own when I was still a stranger to giving blowjobs and wondered what it was like, but not as much as this. Diluted with two people's saliva it now really was a mouthful and more liquid than usual, but still warm at least and tasted OK as sperm goes. I passed it back to Ai Ling and it went back and forth between us until Patrick wanted it, then I did the same ritual with him. Finally, he passed it back to his wife and she swallowed it, along with all our saliva that had passed along with it. It sounds kind of disgusting perhaps, but at the time it seemed very sexy indeed.

"Thanks guys," I said with a sigh. "I can see I'm going to have a great weekend. I really needed that." I was still holding the camera so I focused it on Patrick's crotch. "I think it's Patrick's turn now though"

Sure enough Patrick had a throbbing erection, his dick also shaved though with a bit of stubble coming through above it, and was a decent size, about the same as mine we discovered later, maybe slightly smaller, but at the time I was eager to get my lips around it. Patrick seemed to be eager too for he stood up and took the camera from me, standing in front of me while I knelt up and began playing with it. It had been a good few months since my last cock, and this one was a beauty, so I didn't want to rush things. While I began playfully nibbling his ballsack with my lips, I felt Ai Ling's warm body move up next to me.

Together we began to lick his shaft just as I had experienced a few minutes before, until a little drop of precum leaked out the end. His wife lapped it up, then pulled back to let me have the first go. Eagerly I opened my mouth and took his head inside, touching it only lightly with my tongue at first, then suddenly sucking hard and fast. I did everything I normally did: swirling my tongue around the head, trying to deep throat him, and then passed it over to his wife. Pretending to be catching my breath I took a moment to watch up close as she gave him a blowjob, then ducked under her to lick his balls.

Sharing a cock is a bit more complicated than it seems as it gets quite crowded down there. More than once my glasses were knocked a little sidewise or steamed up, and several times if I was underneath I would be the target for streams of saliva dangling from Ai Ling's chin or running down Patrick's shaft. It was great fun though and I became emboldened, playing with Ai Ling's nipples, already erect, and when she didn't stop me, gently cupping and squeezing her breasts, which felt a little firmer than Annie's had.

All this was very arousing, so soon my body began to react. Ai Ling was the first to notice, bringing it to my attention by slipping her hand between my legs while I had my mouth full, and beginning to slowly jerk me off with my foreskin. By the time it was her turn to suck Pat's cock again, I was fully erect, though despite her continued massaging nowhere near a second orgasm yet. She drew me closer to it though, for once I had taken over licking her husband's dick rather than sucking his balls as before, she bent down further to suck on my cock.

Unfortunately, or so I thought at the time anyway, Patrick was near orgasm, which he announced loudly, pulling his cock from my mouth and grabbing it with his free hand, wanking furiously and telling me to get ready. Hearing this his wife came up to help in time to see him begin ejaculating into my open mouth. She pressed her cheek to mine, mouth open, and Patrick did his best to distribute his load on to both our tongues though a little missed its target, raining down on our faces, a few drops splattering my glasses. As the stream eased off he allowed me to suck the last few drops out, though taking care to keep it all in my mouth for I knew what was next. When he began to go limp I let him go and turned to Ai Ling who was waiting expectantly. We began kissing, slowly but passionately, our tongues pushing the salty-sweet cum back and forth between our mouths before we broke apart for a reprise of the earlier snowballing.

Once we'd had enough of swapping jism, Ai Ling again swallowed it, and I asked for a drink of water, as the aftertaste of cum, while quite erotic, was getting to me a bit, plus I was thirsty anyway. We all had a drink, then Ai Ling sat on the couch, looking at me expectantly.

I raised me eyebrows not entirely sure if she wanted what I thought, then decided not to ask verbally but rather to act, so I set my glass down and went over to her. Holding my body off hers I bent my head to kiss her, which she returned. As she didn't stop me I moved my mouth down on to her nipples, which were still erect. I began sucking and licking them, squeezing whichever breast I wasn't attending to with my hand and fingering the wet nipple, giving it all the attention I could, much as I had done with Annie in Russia, though Ai Ling's breasts were smaller and firmer. Ai Ling did not seem to be such a fan of having her breasts sucked as Annie though, for despite a few sighs and murmurs of encouragement Patrick had only come over to film for a minute before she began to push down on my head. Loving to eat pussy as I do, I did not resist.

Kissing down over her flat stomach I slid down to kneel between her spread legs to receive a wonderful view of her smooth, hairless, shaved pussy. Already I could see that the edges were wet, and as I watched I saw muscles contract slightly and more juice oozed out, but since my erection had already almost completely disappeared, I took my time, kissing her thighs and stroking them, teasing her as she and her husband had teased me, until she was straining her hips out to reach me. Deciding not to milk it any longer, at least this first time, I moved in.

At first, since I was being filmed, I used the technique of porn actors: extending and stiffening my tongue, I licked around the edge of her vulva with the very tip, making only very light contact with the area around her clitoris, which was easy to find with no hair in the way, and then back down again, circling a few times, teasing her even more before focusing the touch on her clit and the area around it. I kept my contact light as a feather, withdrawing every time she bucked her hips, and looking up to see with satisfaction that she was biting her lower lip with her eyes closed.

Feeling my tongue begin to ache, I relaxed it completely, and moved my mouth closer, changing to a technique I knew worked much better even if the details were hidden from the camera. I used the flat of my tongue to lap at her clit, which I could feel was nice and swollen, slowly at first, enjoying the abillity to lick her bare skin rather than a mass of hairs, despite my liking for a tasty hirsute cunt, but soon, in response to her bucking, a little faster, and she moaned, a long sexy moan. From then on it was all I could do to keep my mouth in place as she ground her crotch into my face, helped by her hands on my head, moaning and then crying out in pleasure.

Her thrusts subsided after a few minutes, so I decided to give her clitoris a rest and indulge my curiosity as to what she tasted like, as the subtle scent coming from her hole was so tempting. I thrust my tongue inside, just licking the edge to start with and then trying to stick it in further and further as she seemed to enjoy it. Sensing she was going to buck again, I moved my mouth back up to where it had been, but carefully inserted first my middle and then my ring finger, not so much thrusting in and out but doing a kind of beckoning motion as I had done with Annie, a technique that proved just as popular on this new woman.

While I was busy licking his wife's clitoris between the two fingers not jammed inside her cunt, Patrick had decided that a couple of minute of up close filming was enough and had replaced the camera on it's tripod. Now he climbed on to the sofa next to us, and after five minutes of helping me out by sucking her tits, he stood up, leaning against the back rest, and fed his semi-erect cock into her mouth. For another few minutes I continued to eat Ai Ling's pussy while she sucked her husband's cock, moaning into it whilst thrusting up towards me, until he was hard again. She pulled him out of her mouth and said, looking up at him with loving, lustful eyes: "I want it now."
