 For most of the next morning, I was awakened as the various people in our room got up, dressed and left the room.  By 11:00, it was just Dee and myself left in our room and I joined her on the bed with another raging erection.

"Hey orgy slut," I whispered in her ear as I positioned my cock between her ass cheeks since she was laying on her side.  I could feel heat radiating from her groin region obviously still turned on by the events of the previous night.

"Holy shit, didn't you get enough last night," she said groggily awakening from her slumber.  "All that pussy in the room and you still need to fuck more."

"I can feel you didn't get enough cock for yourself either," I said easily slipping my finger into her moist pussy.  "Anyway, I'm always up and ready to fuck my wife."

Without waiting for her reply, I slid my cock down and entered her pussy from the spooning position. With all of the sex we had been having, it took both of us a little bit to really get into, but after about five minutes, we were both giving it everything we had. 

We continued to fuck in various positions for another 30 or so minutes before I was able to release another orgasm deep inside my wife's pussy.  We collapsed into each other's arms and immediately drifted back to sleep.

It was 5:00 before we awoke.  After ordering room service since we were both famished, Dee jumped in the shower.  After we both ate, I showered and we both busied ourselves getting ready for a final night in Vegas.  The night we had both looked forward to since we arrived.  The party that Chelsea had promised would be nothing but pure sex with the hottest people, some of them professionals in the adult sex business.

We took our time since we did not need to be ready until 9:00.  At one point, Dee was bent over the bathroom vanity applying mascara when I moved behind her and began to fuck her.  That turned into about 45 minute romp as we talked about how hot the night before was and how much we were both looking forward to all of the fucking we would both be doing that night.

After that fuck session, I felt confident that I would not blow a load too quickly during the party.  We continued getting ready.  I checked to make sure that I still had no hair growing on my body.  As I looked in the mirror, I felt confident that my time in the gym would really pay off tonight.  I had solid size and definition in just about every muscle in my body, including a hint of a six-pack in my abs.

Of course, Dee looked fabulous.  Her body still as tight as the day I married her and her tits, although fake, drew the attention of every man, and a lot of women, that looked her way.  Her development recently from shy and conservative to swinging nymphomaniac turned me on every time it crossed my mind.

I slid a pair of thong briefs, khakis and a tight v-neck t-shirt that showed off my well-defined chest, arms and shoulders.  I had no idea what to expect at the party, so I tried to dress for anything that I might encounter.

I though I looked pretty good for the evening, but when Dee walked out of the dressing room I knew no one would be looking in my direction.

She wore a white dress with a couple of large red roses on it.  However, the very fine fishnet material of the dress made it completely see-through.  While the dress cut a v down the middle of her chest with string laced to keep it together, it took no effort to see her tits through the dress.  As I scanned down, I also had no problem seeing that she wore a lacy white g-string under the dress.   For effect only, the dress had two huge slits all the way up her leg that did not stop until the middle of her thighs.  She wore a pair of white stiletto heels that that had straps running to the middle of her calves.

When she turned around for me to see her from the rear view, she looked completely naked under the see-through dress except for two very small strings that disappeared into the crack of her ass.

"So what do you think," she asked turning back around.

"I think that dress is the sluttiest, skankiest and whorish dress I've ever seen on someone outside of a strip club," I told her.  "And I don't think that you've ever looked hotter than you do right now in that dress.  Where did you get it?"

She explained that she had gone shopping the other day to a store that specialized in stripper wear.  Chelsea had told what many of the girls would be wearing and she selected this dress for the evening.

We left the room and headed downstairs to the bar to meet Johnny and Chelsea.  We were alone on the elevator and I could not take my eyes off my wife.  When we exited the elevator, everyone we passed found they could not take their eyes off her either.  Even though we were in Vegas, Dee was turning everyone's head.

"You know everyone is looking at you in that dress, don't you," I asked her knowing the answer because I saw her nipples sticking out of the fishnet material.

"Yeah, I know," she answered in an unsteady voice.  "Its turning me on so much that I hope I don't soak through my panties."

"Well, be careful then," I said.  "Your nipples look like they might cut through the material and we still have a taxi ride to the Hard Rock."

We continued to walk through the casino and many eyes watched Dee's every step.  We finally got to the bar and I saw that our friends were already there.  

Chelsea wore a brown tank top that only covered her chest and a tight khaki skirt that barely covered her front and when she turned around I saw that the skirt covered only about three-quarters of her round and bare ass.  She wore a pair of clear platform heels that probably had a three-inch platform with a seven-inch block heel.  Definitely the second most slutty outfit I had seen tonight.

"Holy shit whore, you look hot," Chelsea said to my wife.  "You like someone who costs five-hundred-dollars-per-hour."

"One thousand dollars for you since you're such a fucking cock whore," my wife replied.  "Besides, at least I'm covering some skin. Why don't you just write on your bare ass, 'I'm a slut, bend me over and fuck me.'?"

They laughed, hugged and began to kiss, which gave everyone watching them because they were both practically naked even more of a show.

"Okay, let's go before we're late," Johnny interrupted them.

I could feel every eye in that part of Caesar's on Dee and Chelsea when we made our way to the front to get a taxi.  Once outside, same thing.

We got into the taxi and started to the Hard Rock.  I was sitting in the front seat next to the driver who seemed to spend more time staring in his rearview mirror than watching the road in front of him.

Once we got the new casino, they same thing happened.  Just about every guy's eyes jumped out of their heads when they caught a glimpse of the two hot, barely dressed women that walked through the casino.  Chelsea led us to the elevator.  Once on, she hit the button for the top floor.

On the way up, Chelsea called her sister to tell her that we were in the elevator and to meet us at the front door of the suite.  

The door opened after we had knocked on it and Missy Monroe was there to greet us.  I could hardly believe my eyes to see her in person.  Her outfit was just as amazing.  She wore a pair a black platform stilettos to match her black baby doll lingerie.  The top was see-through on her tits and then was a black flair material that was semi-transparent.  It stopped just above a small black thong and when she hugged Chelsea and Johnny, I noticed the back of it just tied in a high knot, exposing her entire backside, save for the thong.  

As I gazed at Missy, my attention was also drawn to the rest of the room.  All of the women were dressed like Missy, Chelsea and my wife.  However, my stomach turned over a few times when I noticed that every guy there was completely naked.  My suspicions were confirmed when Chelsea introduced Dee and I to Missy.

"I see you're dressed for the night," she said to my wife.  "You were right Chelsea, she's really fucking hot.  You'll be just fine tonight.

"But I see you're not properly attired," she said turning her attention to me, which caused my heart to jump slightly.  "Dudes have to be naked, cocks out.  So to the bathroom and strip down.  That is, if you want to stay."

Without saying a word, I walked over the bathroom by the door and went in.  I do not think I had ever been so nervous in my entire life.  I could feel my penis trying to suck back up into me.  I took my clothes off and folded them into a neat pile, placing them next to some of the other clothes that were stored in the bathroom.  Mustering up just about every ounce of courage I had, I opened the door and walked out of the bathroom.

"Very nice," Missy said, staring me down from top to bottom. "Chelsea said you were hot, but she didn't tell me you were completely shaven and well sculpted."

As she said this, she ran her hands over my chest, stomach and then my cock region.  Her compliments were doing the trick, because I felt a little more relaxed since this porn star told me that she found me attractive.  My cock no longer felt like it wanted to retreat into me and I felt it twitch to life just a little.

"Dee went with Chelsea, who is showing her around," Missy said to me.

"So I guess...you're...going to show...me around," I asked her stuttering from my still state of nervousness.

"You don't have to be so nervous," she said.  "I don't bite...Unless you ask me to."

She smiled as her hand grabbed hold of my cock.  She stroked me a few times before she moved in closer and pressed her lips against mine.  I could not believe I was actually kissing Missy Monroe when her tongue moved into my mouth.  I responded by using my tongue to dance with hers as I grabbed her ass cheeks to pull her in closer to me. 

She was the first to break the kiss and told me she wanted to show me around the suite.  Even though I could myself relax when I kissed her, my nervousness picked right back up again when we walked away from the door.  I felt as if my nakedness was on display as we walked into the suite where everyone else was hanging out.

Sure every other guy there was also naked, but every inadequacy I had felt in my life came racing through my head as we started walking.  I really felt every eye in the place was examining me, even though most people there were involved with their own actions to pay that much attention to me.

Sensing my nervousness, Missy again tried to relax my mind.  As we walked through the suite to where the bar was located, she pointed out some of the ladies there I might recognize.  While they looked different in person than onscreen, I recognized many of the adult cinema stars at the party when she told me their names as we walked by them.  Alana Evans, Julia Bond, Flower Tucci, Britney Madison, Sophie Dee, Melissa Lauren and a few others were names and faces I immediately recognized.  However, my wife was not to be found in this area of the suite.

We finally got to the bar and Missy made me a double scotch, which I immediately slammed down to try to take the edge off my nervousness.  She made me another, which I took and drank more slowly.

"You have nothing to be nervous about," Missy told me as walked away from the bar and toward the kitchen.  "Every slut in this place tonight would love to fuck you.  You have a great fucking sculpted body, completely shaved, and I bet a cock that would make any girl cum over and over. I think there probably jealous because I have first crack at you and they don't."

When she said that, I think my ego took a huge leap forward.  Here was a hot porn star bragging about getting to be the first one tonight to fuck me.  I do not know if it was her saying that, the scotch, or both that helped, but I felt most of my nervousness disappear and my cock began to come to life.  I was not anywhere near hard, but I felt my balls drop a little and my cock grow to its regular flaccid size.

When we went into the kitchen area I saw some pills spread out over the kitchen table.  From my novice understanding of drugs, they looked like pain pills..  

"You wanna try some," Missy whispered in my ear.

"I don't know," was my only reply.  "I've never done it before for just fun."

"That's okay.  But its fucking awesome.  The high is unbelievable and the sex during that fucking high is really un-fucking-believable.  Let's try just a little.  If you like it, we can do some more, and if you don't well, at least you can say you tried it."

I could not believe what I was doing, but I nodded yes.  I just a pill, while she took two of them.  It took about a minute, but I began to feel a high that I had never experienced before.  I could feel my blood rushing through my veins, which made the nerves in my skin feel as if I was in a stage of high alert.  In addition, my head began to feel as if I was floating, but still in complete control.  It was not a pain pill at all. Instead it was an amphetamine.

"Let's go fuck," Missy whispered in my ear and I definitely not inclined to argue about the proposition.

I followed her to the back of the suite where there was an empty room.  Once in the room, I was no longer nervous.  The combination of the ego trip and the drugs took over and I grabbed her by the shoulders, turned her around, and began to kiss her.  This time I took the lead.  My hands immediately went to her chest, and when I freed her huge natural tits, I mauled each nipple with my mouth and hands.

Meanwhile, her hands had found their place as well.  She had one hand running through my hair and her other hand began to stroke my cock.  After kissing her nipples, I returned to kiss her mouth and let my right hand move to massage her pussy through the fabric of her thong.

After a minute or so, this time she broke the kiss and began to kiss my neck, then my chest, and then my stomach.  She did not stop there and was soon kneeling down with my half-erect cock staring her directly in her face.  

After a few short kisses to the tip of my cock, she began to give me the blowjob of my life.  It took about one minute to get hard and she responded by deep throating me like no other woman had ever done before.  Her nose hit my pelvis as she put all the way down her throat.  

I could feel her throat muscles attempting to swallow my cock, which gave the tip of my cock a feeling I had never before experienced.  She gagged a few times before she pulled me out of her throat.

"We need to change this up a little," she said.  "I never gag this other way."

She laid down with her back on the bed and her head leaning over the edge.  She titled her head back.

"Now, just fuck my mouth," she said as she opened wide.

Her mouth was at the perfect angle and I entered her mouth and soon had my cock all the way back down her throat.  Following her directions, I began to rock my hips back and forth, rhythmically fucking her mouth as if it was her pussy.  Her throat muscles continued to massage the tip of my cock as her swallow reflex tried to swallow my entire cock.

As I fucked her face, I pulled her legs up and removed her thong.  She was completely shaven, just like in her movies.  With her thong out of the way, I began to finger her pussy, first with just my middle finger, but then adding my index finger to the finger fucking as well.

Her hips began rotating to the actions of my fingers and I could feel moans trying to escape her mouth.  Instead her attempts to moan only served as vocal vibrations for my cock, which only added to the sensation.

Before long, I told her I was ready to cum.  I expected her to pull my cock out of her mouth and having me cum somewhere it could be easily cleaned up.  However, she used her hands to pull my hips toward her, allowing me deeper than I though I could actually go.  This served as the icing on the cake and I was depositing my first load of cum deep down her throat.

"How's that," she asked me enthusiastically after she had milked me completely dry.

"That was the best fucking blowjob I've ever had in my life.  No wonder you are so fucking popular."

"If you think that was good, I'm an even better fuck.  But I guess we'll have to wait until that cock of yours gets hard again.  By the way, how's your high."

"It's sort of gone away."

"You want another pill? I grabbed some while you were doing your other line.  This time, if you want, we'll make it a real dose that'll last you the rest of the night."

I nodded and she got of the bed to prepare got two pills on the nightstand.  As I downed my pills, I realized I was now naked with Missy Monroe, also naked, doing uppers after she had given me the best blowjob of my life and we were waiting for me to get hard so we could fuck.  I could only imagine the number of guys that would have been willing to trade places with at that very moment.

This time, the buzz that hit me was immediate.  I felt the same heightened sense of awareness, only this time it seemed more relaxing.  After Missy had done her smaller line, she stood up and revealed her full nakedness to me for the first time. 

Now much bolder than I was when I arrived to the suite, I grabbed her by the arms and threw her onto the bed.  

"Let's see how well my pussy eating skills match up with the competition.  Open that fucking pussy of yours up."

She spread open her legs, revealing her beautiful bald pussy and I moved onto the bed.  I placed my face right at her pussy and began to lick slowly up the lips of her pussy from the bottom to the clit.  On my second teasing pass, I used my hands to open her pussy wide so that I could allow my tongue to tease her a little deeper.

There was not a third pass.  After finishing with a little tonguing of her clit on the second pass over, I pushed my lips against her pussy lips as far as I could and then darted my tongue into her as deep as I could push it in.

As I began to fuck her with my tongue, she began to tell me how good it felt, which only served to get more into eating her out.  In fact, she was vocal enough to let me know exactly what I was doing and how it was affecting her.  Sensing that she was enjoying my tongue in her pussy, I began to move my tongue to the little trick that I had learned years ago.  I started to write the letters of the alphabet with my tongue in her pussy.  First with the capital letter, then, if necessary, on to the lowercase letters, but never letting your lips leave contact with her pussy.

When I got to the letter 'D', I realized that I was rock hard again.  Not only that, I could feel my cock throbbing as blood rushed into it.  I wanted to fuck her, but my ego told me that I needed to make her cum, after all if you can make a porn star cum with just your mouth, you have to be considered very skilled when it comes to oral sex.

When I finished with the capital letters and started to move to lowercase, I really felt her hips begin to shake.  Her moaning suddenly became more intense and her hand was on the back of my head, pulling me into her as if I could get my tongue any deeper into her.

"Ohhh....ffuuuucckkkk, I'm cumming," I heard her yell out loud.

Her hips buckled and her body shivered as an orgasm came over her.  If I had any doubts as to whether or not she faked it, her pussy flooded with her juices.  So much so, that my mouth began to fill up with them.  I had made Dee cum, and even Chelsea, through oral sex and had felt them moistened when they did, but Missy flooded my mouth with her sweet juices, which I obligingly swallowed.  It was a first for me.

"Now it's time for me to fuck that pussy of yours," I said.  I surprised myself with my boldness, which must have come from the drugs.  "Roll over and get on your hands and knees like a fucking dog."

I grabbed a condom and rolled it onto my throbbing cock.  I knew I had to wear one.  Chelsea had told me that I had to wear protection because I was not tested for STD's that porn stars had to have at all times.
