 "So you liked watching your wife getting treated like such a cock whore," Cindy asked me.

"I think you could feel my cock twitching in you as I watched."

"Well that's good because your assistant is a huge cock whore. Let me show you something."

She got off me and walked over to her bag. I admired watching her naked body move smoothly across the room. She grabbed what looked like a CD or DVD jewel box and walked back across the room.

"This is something I did a few years ago. Are you familiar with the web site 'Cum On Her Face'?"

"Yeah, I'm familiar with it. It's one of my favorite gangbang sites. Why?"

Cindy did not answer right away. Instead, she put the disc into the drive of my laptop.

"Just watch. A few years ago, when I lived in L.A., I was their pizza girl a few times."

My hard cock, still hard from the unfinished fucking as we watched my wife online, twitched again when I saw my assistant on the screen.

She was about twenty pounds smaller, but I finally realized why Cindy had looked familiar to me when I interviewed her for the job as my assistant one year ago.

For the next twenty or so minutes, we sat in silence as I watched Cindy get fucked in all her holes simultaneously. My cock throbbed to the point that I thought it might dislodge from my body as I watched eight or nine guys drop their loads on her face. By the time they finished, she had a cum glaze on her face as some the cum began to drip down the rest of her body.

"Holy shit, I had no idea," I said when the screen went blank. "I've always felt that you looked familiar, but I had no idea that I had seen you getting fucked liked a rag doll online."

"Yeah that's me," she replied. "I did another scene for them not long after that one. But that brings me to the point here. I showed this to my boyfriend and he got an idea. He wants to tape me doing the same thing for him. To have two or three guys fuck me, while four other guys tape it and take pictures, and then all of them cum on my face for the camera."

"What's this got to do with me," I asked knowing the answer.

"Well, Jimmy, that's my boyfriend, wants you to be one of the guys to fuck me. I think he's lined up his boss and someone else to do the fucking and some of his friends to tape and take pictures of it all."

"First of all, lets start off these negotiations with you coming over here and helping me keep my cock from shooting off my body looking for relief."

Cindy walked over, straddled my lap, and lowered herself down onto my cock. She was very wet and I knew that my sex organ was not the only one burning with desire.

"So what are you conditions, Mr. Business Man," she said in a little bit of a mocking tone as she settled down onto my lap. We did not fuck, but instead just enjoyed the relief of being intertwined, which allowed my cock to twitch in something other than the air.

"Let's see, I need to know what you'd be willing to do to help me out," I asked. She had to know that I was going to gangbang her this Friday, but the game was fun anyway.

"The way I figure it, you need my help with your wife," she replied. I nodded. "You want her to either come clean about the internet thing and/or take that final step to becoming swingers like you want and I think she wants also."

Cindy slowly began to work up and down over my cock, but the fact that my cock was in her pussy was secondary to our little negotiations.

"And how do you propose you'll be more successful than I have in getting this accomplished," I asked, knowing that she had already worked out an answer.

"As you know, our convention in Vegas is next week," she started. "I've already arranged, with your credit card of course, for us to stay an extra two nights, through Sunday afternoon, because there is a party that we are going to on Saturday night."

"What party," I interrupted and asked, not for sure where this was going any longer.

"Don't interrupt," she snapped, squeezing her vagina muscles tightly around me, which sent shivers throughout my body. "The party is pretty much a sex party. But not just any sex party. There'll be porn stars, models, producers there. Probably about 150 people of the hottest people you'll be around in your life. I've got us invited to it. You and Dee will fit right in. If she won't open up and get slutty there, you have no chance of getting her to swing."

"How did you get us invited to this," I asked, not really sure what was being explained to me. I was not at all prepared for what Cindy said next.

"Are you familiar with Missy Monroe?"

""Yeah. She's a porn star. Great ass, huge tits and will do absolutely anything when it comes to sex. I think I've seen her in several gangbang scenes."

"She's my half-sister."

"No fucking way," I responded. "Missy Monroe is your half-sister. I don't...No shit."

"After my Dad left my Mom when we were in Hawaii, he moved to Vegas and later had Missy. Hell, I'm the one that got her started in porn."

"You got Missy Monroe started in porn" I asked incredulously. "How in the world did you do that?"

"After my little Cum On Her Face episodes," she said, still slowly rocking on my cock. "I got the itch to keep doing it on film. Even after I moved to the Midwest, I found a job that would bring me out here often.

"Well, you know how sometimes I take the rest of the week off after our business trips out here," I simply nodded. "Well, I've always told you that those days were for me to go see my family in L.A. That's only partially correct. I've also...used....Well, fuck, let me just tell you straight out. After all, you do have your cock in me. Do you know who Chelsea Zinn is?"

I shook my head no. I had never heard the name before, but I had a feeling Cindy was going to tell me who it was.

"Chelsea Zinn is my stage name when I'm on screen getting fucked to high heaven by the biggest cocks in the world. That's right, your assistant is a porn star. Hold on, let me correct myself. Your assistant that you have your cock buried in at this very moment is a porn star. So that's how I got us invited to that party. Missy has arranged the whole thing for me."

It slowly sunk in that Cindy, or Chelsea, or Cindy, my assistant was a porn star and that I had my cock buried in a porn star's pussy.

"I don't think Dee will go for it," I managed to say as my head swirled. "I don't think she'll be willing to go to a porn party."

"Leave that to me," Cindy replied. "That's what Friday night will be for. Hell, she's practically a porn star now, just an amateur one. Who knows, next week she might even get offered to become a professional one. DeAnna Emma Stanton as a porn star. You'd like that wouldn't you. Judging from the last few weeks on the internet, she'd like it too. So do we have a deal?"

"Let's see. Friday night I get to fuck you as part of a little gangbang. Next week, I get to have sex with porn stars, maybe even with your little sister. My wife, at the very least, will finally take the final step to being a swinger. I guess I only have one more thing I need answered."

"What's that."

"Roll off of me and onto her hands and knees so I can fuck that asshole of yours. Deal?"

Cindy did not even say a word. She rolled off of me and laid face down on the couch with her ass propped up in the air. I lined my cock up with her puckered little hole and eased the tip of my cock into her ass. I did not have to work my way into her, because with one quick rotation of her hips, Cindy pulled my entire length into her anal cavity.

The quick thrust quickly pushed her over the edge into an orgasm that had been slowly building. About 30 seconds later I was filling her ass full of my cum.

We fucked two more times that night as we discussed Vegas strategy before we fell asleep. The next morning, I headed home while Cindy went to L.A. to do a scene. As the plane took off, I could not wait for Friday night. And even more urgently, next week in Vegas.

-- - - - - - - -

When I got home, Dee and I fucked with more urgency than it seemed we had ever fucked before. We both were on fire and had more of a sexual appetite than I had ever though possible. I could not wait for everything to come out in the open. That would have to wait for at least another week, but I could not wait to share in even more passionate, lustful, animalistic sex with my wife.

I told Dee that I was going out with Cindy's new boyfriend. Dee told me that she had already made plans to go out with Tina and to have fun.

Since I knew that it was Tina that had been the one to film my wife getting doubled up on Wednesday, I wondered what the two of them would be up to, but I also knew that I was going to Cindy's house to gangbang her.

Friday evening finally arrived. I left the house with Dee dressed ready to kill as she went out with Tina. She was wearing a black flair skirt that stopped halfway down her thigh and a halter top that barely covered her ample tits either from the front or the side.

My mind did not stay on what my wife would be up to for very long. Instead, I focused on the fact that I was going to be a co-star in a porn scene with Cindy, or Chelsea. I could feel my cock twitch with excitement as I neared their house.

Once I arrived, Johnny greeted me at the door. We introduced ourselves and he showed me into the kitchen, which was serving as the waiting area. Four of the other guys were already there. They were drinking and talking amongst themselves when Johnny introduced me to them. I joined the conversation, which was about sports. Soon, two other guys showed up and Johnny was ready for everything to get started.

"Okay, guys thanks for agreeing to do this," he started. "First, I need all of you to sign this waiver saying that its okay to film you and post it either on the internet or on a film."

He handed out the paper. I signed it without hardly looking it over. I saw that it said that I would forfeit my rights to any money that would be made off the film and some other things.

"Okay, Mike, Pat and Steve," Johnny started after collecting the papers. "You guys will be filming with me. Tim, Larry, Eric, and Brad (me) you guys will be the one fucking Chelsea. Anything and everything goes. Since you guys haven't been STD tested, you have to use condoms. Be careful to keep from crossing up and going from ass to pussy with the same condom. Pussy to ass is okay, but we don't want to cause a yeast infection by crossing the other way.

"Also, since we want the facial cumshots, don't cum too soon. If you feel yourself getting close, pull out and let one of the other guys in. Once you guys start cumming on Chelsea's face, after you've finished, relieve one of the camera guys so that he can jerk off on her also. That'll give us eight cumshots to cover her up good.

"Any questions," he continued. We all shook our heads no. "Okay, camera guys come with me. You four go ahead and leave your clothes up here. Once your ready go downstairs and sit on the couch where we have set up a little filming studio."

Up to that point, my only emotion I had been feeling was excitement. Now I realized that not only was I going to be filmed fucking Chelsea, but I was now stripping naked in front of three other guys. Sure, I had been naked in the locker room at the gym, but this was different. I could feel my cock, which had been over half-erect, shrinking.

Larry had no problem getting naked and was the first one to strip off his clothes. His cock was completely limp. However, seeing it I was happy that I had trimmed my pubic hair very short and shaved my balls since Larry was completely bald.

The rest of us were naked shortly after Larry. All four of us were in great shape and each had prepared their cock regions slightly different, but we looked like we belonged in a porn movie. However, being naked in front of three other guys and forced my cock into stage fright. I was slightly relieved knowing that none of the other guys was able to have an erection at this point either.

We walked downstairs and I saw that Johnny and Cindy had set up a little studio. There were several shop lights set up, which lit up the basement and made it feel as if the sun were shining straight down onto the set.

I sat down on the right side of the couch. Eric sat next to me on the couch, while Tim sat on the armrest directly next to me while sat Larry on the armrest next to Eric. We continued to make small talk about baseball and the upcoming football season. I have to admit, while it felt strange to have such casual conversation with three naked guys, I was getting more comfortable.

About ten minutes later, Chelsea (Cindy) entered the room with Johnny and the three other guys that were to do the filming. She was dressed to kill. Except for the fact it was black, She had on a halter that was actually similar to the one that Dee was wearing to go out with Tina. She wore pants that were very tight around her waist and thighs, but flared out into a bell-bottom type of pant around her knees. The pants were very low cut and showed a lot of the silver g-string she was wearing underneath the pants. To top the outfit off, she wore a pair of jet black platform stilettos. 

She walked over the couch and sat directly down onto my lap, put her arm around me and threw her legs onto the couch over Eric's lap.

"I can't wait for you guys to start fucking me," she said as I felt her hips rotate in my lap.

Once the camera, both move and still, were ready, Johnny gave his final directions before the scene was to start.

"Okay, first we're gonna do a little interviewing with Chelsea. You guys just sit still while I ask her a some questions. Let her play with you and shit, but I don't want any action from you guys until I give the signal, which will be obvious when its time for it. Again, anything goes once the fucking begins, just remember what I said upstairs.

"Okay everyone ready, cameras, ready," he asked. "Okay let's begin."

"What's your name honey," he asked.

"I'm Chelsea Zinn."

"Hello Chelsea," Johnny said looking through the camera. "Welcome to our little studio here. How do you like it so far?"

"I think I love it here. Is this heaven? Four naked cocks surrounding me and they seem like they are here to satisfy me. I wish there were more places like this."

"So you like cock then. Tell me what you'd like those cocks to do tonight."

"Well, when I get around so many cocks, I just let them do whatever they want to me. I love have cock shoved down my throat. I love to have a cock slamming my pussy into submission. But I think my favorite thing is to have a cock spreading my asshole wide open."

"You seem to be a little bit of a cock whore. Are you a little cock slut whore?"

"If that means that I love to get the holy living shit fucked out of me and have men cum all over my face and body, then yes I guess I'm guilty as charged."

I could feel Chelsea getting excited and her hip rotations in my lap were growing more pronounced, which was, despite my nervousness, getting me somewhat hard.

"So are you really excited to be surrounded by four naked men with their cocks out and ready to pleasure you? Is your pussy ready for this sort of action?"

"My pussy is so fucking wet and hot right now just thinking of these guys fucking me every which way 'til Tuesday and then cumming all over my face. Holy shit, I'm about ready to cum just thinking about this."

"Well then let's get started. Gentlemen, this is Chelsea. Chelsea these are the guys I've arranged to gangbang you tonight. Let's fuck."

That was our cue to begin. Chelsea immediately rolled over and as she did, Tim's semi-erect cock was right in her face. She eagerly opened her mouth and began to suck him into her mouth. Eric began to rub her pussy through her pants since it was sticking up right in his face. 

I had her chest hovering over me, so I went to work on getting her blouse off. It took only two quick knot unties in order to get it off her. In the position she was in, her tits hung down over my cock. I grabbed my cock and began to run it over her nipples the best I could since I was not hard yet. However, it felt good to rub my cock over her naked chest.

Larry got off the end of the couch and was now in front of the couch. He had unzipped her pants and was working his hand into the front of them in order to massage her pussy more directly than Eric had been doing.

When Larry pulled Chelsea up to stand in front of the couch, I realized again that this was being filmed. I had almost gotten fully hard just playing with her tits, but again stage fright sat in as I saw the cameras rolling and clicking away. Larry moved in behind Chelsea and Tim was now off the couch and in front of her. 

Chelsea and Tim were kissing passionately while Larry was working to get her out of her pants. Once he accomplished this, he moved back up her body and began to kiss her neck and Tim had now moved to her licking her nipples. As this scene unfolded in front of me, my nervousness began to fade away.

Eric was now working his way into the mix. Not wanting to be left out, I got off the couch and moved in close to Chelsea as well. Once I did this, she immediately dropped to her knees and began to suck my cock while she stroked two of the others with her hands. She quickly alternated among cocks until she had the four us hard enough to fuck her.

Since Eric was behind her, he grabbed a condom and began to fuck her from behind as she sucked Larry, Tim and me. She clearly was loving every minutes of this and the moans she grunted as she had her lips wrapped around my cock sent shivers throughout my body.

Larry soon backed off and grabbed a condom. When he was ready, Eric withdrew and Larry moved behind her.

"Let's get that ass good and stretched for some dp later," Larry said.

He entered her ass. At that point, she was sucking my cock when he entered her and I could feel her gasp as he did began to thrust in her ass. Her moans were stifled by the cocks in her mouth, but it was easy to hear that she was loving every minutes of this. 

After a few minutes of this, Eric, who still had his condom on, replaced Larry. Meanwhile, she continued to suck Tim's cock as well as mine. The pace of Eric's ass fucking was much faster than Larry's pace had been. This pace forced Chelsea over the edge and I could feel her first orgasm shake through her body as she grabbed onto my cock for support. After her orgasm subsided, we switched positions.

I grabbed a condom as I laid back onto the couch. After I got it on, Larry positioned Chelsea's ass over my cock and lowered her down. I easily slid into her anal opening, which had been spread nicely by Larry and Eric. Once she sat down the rest of the way, I was completely in Chelsea's ass.

Once she was in position, Larry and Eric spread her legs so that Tim could enter her pussy. As he entered, I felt something that I had never felt before. I could feel his cock enter her pussy through the skin that separated her anal cavity from her vaginal cavity. 

Once he was all the way, he begun to thrust in and out of her. The force of the thrusts forced her to move on my cock, but the feeling of him fucking her pussy was the strongest sensation I felt. 

Eric had removed his condom and to my right he was offering her his cock. Once she had engulfed it into her mouth, all three of her openings were full with cocks. 

After about a minute or two, I felt Tim remove his cock from her pussy and Larry entered her. Eric soon put another condom on and joined the other two. Each would pound into her pussy ten or fifteen times before pulling out and letting one of the others have a go at her pussy. Meanwhile, I just laid back and enjoyed her asshole wrapped around my cock.

Chelsea had another orgasm, which almost caused me to come to close to one of my own. Before I screwed that up, I pulled her off my cock. Seeing that we were changing positions, Larry sat on the couch and pulled her over to him. She straddled his lap, facing him and lowered her pussy onto his cock.
