 It was around four thirty on Wednesday afternoon when I got the text from my wife. We had been discussing our fantasies the night before after fucking and I told her I would be incredibly turned on if I knew she was masturbating during the afternoon when I was still at work, even more so if I walked in and surprised her in the act. The text was a photo of my wife Nikki on our couch with a double ended dildo half way into her pussy and a caption that read "I needed a new playmate". 

I immediately responded saying I couldn't leave early but I was going to fuck her silly when I got home. As soon as I sent the text I walked into my boss's office and told him I had some personal business to attend to and that I was going home early. I lived only about three miles from work, so I sent my wife another text when I got to the parking lot to tell her to finish herself off and send me some more pics. I knew I was going to get home in time to surprise her while she was getting off but I had no idea how great this afternoon was going to be.

I pulled into the garage of our condo about four minutes later and on the way up stairs I ran into Beth who lived directly above us. She had taken the afternoon off to celebrate her divorce and she had obviously been drinking. She asked if my wife Nikiki and I would like to come upstairs and have a drink with her. I thanked her and insisted that instead she come have a drink in our place and of course she agreed. 

This was either going to be fantastic or go horribly wrong for me but I felt my chances were pretty good. My wife wasn't a prude but her fantasies were always about threesomes with another guy. She always said that other women just didn't do it for her. But she was horny and Beth was drunk so I thought why not go for it. 

Before I opened the door I told Beth that Nikki was in the living room relaxing and that we had to be quiet when we went in. I opened the door quietly and Beth headed for the living room while I went to the kitchen to make us some drinks. I listened for a startled scream but heard none – good sign. I grabbed some glasses and a bottle of Grey Goose from the freezer and made my way into the living room. 

I walked into a scene straight from my wildest fantasy. Beth was kneeling on the floor in front of the couch her right hand lay flat on Nikki's pubic mound while she slowly worked the dildo in and out of Nikki as she stared intently into her eyes. Nikki was holding Beth's wrist to help her work this huge dildo in and out of her. Nikki seemed in a trance, she wouldn't break her gaze from Beth who seemed equally transfixed. I set down the drinks and immediately took my clothes off. I moved in and kissed my wife deeply as Beth penetrated her in perfect rhythm. Nikki was definitely about to come. I kissed her and fondled her breasts as she came closer as Beth made my wife come in a deep shuddering orgasm.

By now I was of course rigid, Beth was still clothed and Nikki lay on the couch gasping in a post orgasmic high with no clothes on. Without speaking a word I reached out to Beth and I slipped her silky top to the side and exposed one of her beautiful silky white breasts and caressed her nipple until it was hard. She reached down and pulled the top over her head and threw it on the floor. By now Nikki was back and ready for more action. As I knelt there kissing and fondling Beth's' ample tits my wife was sliding her hands up under her skirt and pulling down her panties slowly. Beth was lost in ecstasy she moved to allow Nikki to remove the last of her clothing until all three of us were completely naked. 

We joined in a three way kiss someone was groping my cock but I didn't know who. I was busy kissing these women while my hands were rubbing gently on both of their beautiful asses. We rolled onto our sides in a lustful pile, hands and mouths never breaking contact with one another. My wife guided my hands to Beth's pussy and moaned softly as I plunged a finger into Beth. Nikki in turn grabbed the base of my cock with one hand and plunged a finger into my ass. She whispered to Beth that she wanted to see me cum in her face and I thought I would explode right there. Beth kissed her and then wrapped her hand around Nikki's and pushed her ass to the tip of my cock. Nikki lowered her wondrous lips to my cock and began to slurp and suck very quickly. As quickly as she started she stopped and positioned herself under Beth so she could get close up look at my cock entering Beth's perfect pink ass. 

I pushed in slowly; I could feel Beth pushing back to take my cock all the way in. When I was in all the way in Nikki was fondling my balls and rubbing her thumb over Beth's clit. We continued at an ever increasing pace until I was pounding my cock into Beth's ass in long powerful strokes. Each time I would pull almost all the way out and bury my cock in her ass again and each time she pushed back harder and harder until I couldn't take it any more. I told them I was going to cum and Beth quickly moved around to accept my load on her face. Nikki was still fingering Beth's clit while I jacked my cock in her face. I shot four huge ropes of sticky cum in Beth's face which she eagerly wiped on her face and tits before licking it from her fingers. Nikki alternated between licking my load off of Beth's face and sucking my cock dry.

We were spent; no one said a word as we lay there for several minutes. Beth seemed to be stunned by the turn of events; she gathered her clothes and got dressed. She thanked us for the drink we never had and left to her apartment. Nikki and I remained naked and lay there to discuss what just happened. My instinct was right; she was so caught up in the moment when Beth appeared in front of her as she pushed the big dildo in and out of her pussy she just gave in to lust and let go. She wasn't sure if anything like this would ever happen again and neither was I but I was hoping to get the chance to find out.Nikki and I continued to drink and we screwed a few more times, later when Nikki was asleep I lay awake in bed wondering about Beth. I was feeling remorse, had I taken advantage of this woman by putting her in such a position? I wasn't sure how she would feel about herself when she sobered up. 

About 3 in the morning there was a soft knock on our door. I rose form our bed and tiptoed down the hall. I looked through the peephole and there was Beth. I felt the tinge of regret at my earlier actions and I quietly opened the door to apologize. I was stunned to find Beth was wearing only a thong and a sheer robe. She grabbed my cock and kissed me deeply as she pulled me into the hallway. I didn't even have a chance to struggle and she had pulled off my boxers and was sucking me off at a furious pace. I looked around to see if we had wakened anybody but the hall was clear. I pulled Beth up from her knees and led her back into our apartment. We moved down the hallway toward our bedroom, I wasn't really sure what was going to happen. Earlier I knew my wife was in the throes of passion but not this time. This was going to be the ultimate test of her willingness. We slid into bed Beth ran her hands over the length of Nikki's body and Nikki began to stir and moan. I was behind Beth stroking my cock slowly as I watched her with my wife. Nikki awakened slowly to the feminine touch she unknowingly desired. Within a few moments they were kissing and sucking each others breasts and shoving their fingers into each other violently. I slid off the bed and stood there watching as they stepped up their pace. I told them to lie on their backs facing each other and use the double ended dildo and they didn't hesitate. First I watched as Nikki slid her end into her soaking wet cunt followed by Beth with the other end. Once they were set I began to work that thing back and forth at a pace that had both women writhing on the verge of orgasm in just moments.

I stopped and asked them if they wanted to finish in a sixty nine position and they both quickly arranged themselves with my wife on the bottom. I moved into position to fuck her while Beth got a front row seat. I moved back and forth from Nikki's perfect little slit to Beth's eager mouth. Nikki was on the edge when Beth snarled that she wanted to see me fuck my wife's ass. I pushed it in her mouth one more time and then I slowly sank my entire cock into Nikki's virgin asshole. Beth licked and fingered and spit on Nikki's pussy and she continued to give us commands. Beth was controlling the pace of this fuck as she brought Nikki and I to the edge and backed us off each time. Nikki grabbed the double dildo and bent it to fit both ends into Beth. She slid one in her glistening slit and one in her ass. Finally Beth was losing control as we were all groaning and fucking each other. I pulled my cock out of Nikki's ass and moved up to cum all over her face. She accepted my load as I spurted load after load onto her cheek and open mouth. She continued plowing Beth hard until she began to tremble and shake, she screamed as she came. Nikki pulled the dildo from her and playfully whacked Beth on the ass cheek with the massive rubber dong. We toweled off and Beth stayed the night. I went to sleep content that my decision was the right one after all. Beth stayed a special friend to us until she moved out of our building 6 months later.

Hopefully we will meet again.