 Jill was in the bridal suite of the church with her three brides maids. Her sister, Jane was her maid of honor. Kimmie was her oldest and best friend and Terry was her second oldest friend. They had three hours before the wedding to get ready. As they hung up their dresses, Kimmie turned and looked at Jill hard. 

Jill turned around and gave Kimmie a questioning look. Kimmie took a deep breath and asked, "Are you sure about this?"

"Kind of late to back out now," Jane said with a grin.

"It's never too late," Terry said.

Jill looked from one woman to the other and then sighed. "I'm as sure as I can be. I've dated Jack since high school and I think I know him very well."

Kimmie opened her mouth and Jane cut her off. "We all need to get showered and shaved and powdered and perfumed. We're wasting time."

Terry was looking back and forth between Kimmie and Jane. "What's going on here?" She asked suddenly.

"Nothing!" Jane said sharply and gave Terry a hard look that said shut up.

Terry grinned. "Bullshit. Someone knows something they don't want out in the open but are afraid will be a major problem in the future."

Jill looked at her sister and then at Kimmie. Neither one returned her look. She looked at Terry. "I think you're right."

"There is nothing that needs to be discussed," Jane said as she walked over to her sister and placed her hands on her shoulders. "Today is your day and your day alone."

Kimmie sighed and took a deep breath. Jane looked over her shoulder and shook her head. Terry chuckled. "Yeah, there's a secret here."

Jane whirled around and glared at Terry. "You've always been a shit stirrer but we don't need that today."

Jill looked at her sister and then at Kimmie. "What's going on?" She asked her best friend.

"I only know what I heard," Kimmie said softly.

"And what was that?" Terry asked quickly.

"Shut up Terry," Jane said sharply and turned back to her sister. "Lets get you in the shower first."

Jill ignored her sister and asked Kimmie, "What did you hear?"

"Only that the bachelor party got wild." Kimmie replied.

"So did the bachelorette party," Terry said with a big grin.

"Yeah but the bride didn't end up fucking someone on the banquet table," Kimmie whispered.

"What!" Jill said, as her eyes grew wide. 

Terry groaned and Jane blushed wildly. "Man, I missed the better party," Terry mumbled.

Kimmie grinned at Terry. "Not from the mouthful I saw you with several times."

"Uh, yeah," Terry said, grinning back. "Someone had to keep that thing occupied." She glanced in Jill's direction. "I'm not the only one with an oral fetish."

Jill shot a frown in Terry's direction and then looked at Kimmie. "Who got fucked and by whom?"

"I don't know the whom but the who was Jack," Kimmie said slowly.

"I... I don't believe that," Jane said sharply.

Jill ignored her sister and asked, "Where did you hear this and from who?"

Kimmie sighed and replied, "My brother and his buddy Fred were talking in the kitchen. You know how that place carries sound. They shut up quick when I came into the room."

"Just the usual bullshit between guys," Jane said.

Jill looked at her sister hard and frowned. "What do you know you don't want out?"

"Uh... nothing. Nothing at all." Jane replied quickly.

"She sure is acting strange," Terry said.

Jane glared at Terry. "Listen you little shit stirrer, I don't want my sister hurt."

Not letting Jane's comment phase her, Terry said, "If Jack was fucking someone else just two nights ago, wouldn't that hurt her and the chances of their marriage working?"

Looking at her sister, Jane said, "I don't believe a word of it. Jack is a great guy and loves you like crazy."

Jill took a deep breath and looked at Kimmie. "Go get your brother."

Kimmie shook her head. "Mark won't talk to you. He's Jack's best friend."

Terry giggled. "Maybe I can torture it out of him. I always did want to know what was under those baggy shorts he always wears."

Kimmie chuckled and looked at Terry. "I'd be careful what I'm volunteering for."

Terry's eyebrows went up. "You don't say."

Jill shook her head. "Now you've done it, Kimmie. Terry will be on point until she finds out what you're hinting at."

Kimmie held her fingers about ten inches apart and grinned. "I ain't hinting at anything."

Jane groaned and went over to sit on the bed. "It wasn't Jack getting fucked on the table, it was Mark."

"Uh... and how do you know this?" Kimmie asked quickly.

"Because I was fucking him," Jane said as she fell backwards on the bed. 

"What!" Kimmie, Terry, and Jill said at the same time.

Jane giggled and sat up. "He brought this little skinny stripper to entertain and she was terrible. No tits, no ass, and she couldn't dance to save her life."

"What the hell were you doing at Jack's bachelor party?" Jill asked.

"I... uh... I was checking on things," Jane said quickly. "You know, making sure Jack didn't do anything wrong."

"Uh huh," Kimmie said as she folded her arms under her breasts. "And exactly how did you end up with my brother's dick in you."

Jane shrugged. "Just one of those things," she said with a grin.

"Where was Jack while this was going on?" Terry asked.

"I'm, uh, not sure. I was kind of busy," Jane said with a blush.

"Kind of stuffed is more like it," Kimmie said with a frown.

"That too," Jane said and shivered hard.

Terry looked at Kimmie and asked, "How long have you known about your brother's big dick?"

"Since always," Kimmie said with a big grin.

"And you didn't think to tell any of us?" Terry asked folding her arms across her small breasts.

"She told me," Jill said offhanded and then asked her sister, "What happened to the skinny stripper?"

Terry's eyes grew wide, "And you didn't tell me?"

"She told me long before I knew you," Jill said still looking at her sister.

Jane chewed her bottom lip. "I... uh... put her in a cab after her first number."

"Then who was the entertainment?" Kimmie asked and then groaned as Jane blushed again. 

Terry laughed and said to Jane, "You? No way."

Jane gave her a hard look. "Yes, way. I'd had a few drinks before I arrived and a few more in the bar. Then there was the champagne..."

"She's never been able to hold her liquor," Jill said with a grin in her sister's direction.

"By the ears maybe," Kimmie said with a chuckle.

"That's what got me fucked," Jane whispered with a blush.

"Too much liquor or too many lickers?" Terry asked with a grin.

"Yes," Jane said and fell over backwards again. "Since I had gotten rid of the entertainment, Mark said I had to find a replacement and if I couldn't, I'd be the entertainment. With as much as I'd had to drink, I figured a few quick dances, a flash or two and that would be it."

"And?" Terry prompted.

"The two dances turned into four and the champagne kicked in and clothes started to fall off." Jane paused to groan. "Then there was a mouth on each nipple and a tongue in my pussy. The next thing I knew I was on the table and Mark was fucking the hell out of me. I was trying to get him off me one minute and coming my brains out the next. Then there was a dick in my mouth and one in each hand."

Jill, Terry, and Kimmie all three groaned softly. 

"I didn't know if I was coming, going, or had been there," Jane whispered. 

"Like I said, I was at the wrong party," Terry whispered.

"Where was Jack during all this?" Jill asked softly.

"Hell if I know. I wasn't even sure where I was," Jane said and giggled. "I had never been so turned on in my life."

Kimmie looked at Jill. "So it's possible that Jack saw your sister fucked by my brother and jack off half his friends and suck off several of them. That should make the holidays special." She ended the sentence with a grin.

Jill groaned and sat down in a chair. "This just gets better and better."

"Ok, Mark was fucking you but who did you have your hands and mouth on?" Terry asked.

Jane shook her head. "I don't have a clue. After that first orgasm everything is more or less a blur."

"So you could have given Jack a handjob or a blowjob and not even know it," Terry said and then glanced at Jill. "Or not," she added quickly.

Jill sighed deeply and stood up. She walked over to the side of the bed and held out her hand to her sister. "Come on."

Jane took her hand and sat up. "Uh... where are we going?"

Jill said, "To take a shower."

Jane looked at her funny as she stood up and Jill grinned. "You're going to scrub my back among other things."

"I... uh... we... uh... never..." Jane stammered.

"Anyone got a bottle of tequila?" Terry asked and then laughed.

"I don't think there'll be a need for tequila," Kimmie said with a grin as Jill led her sister away.

"The family that plays together keeps their mouth shut unless it's on each other," Terry said with a laugh.

"I know my brother sure keeps his mouth shut," Kimmie said with a wink. 

Terry's mouth dropped open for a moment and then she grinned. "Can I scrub your back?"

"Only if I can sit on your face when my brother fucks you."

Terry groaned and shivered. "That would be the only way to keep me from waking the dead."

"I said the same thing when Jill sat on my face," Kimmie said and wink again. 

Terry's eyes grew wide and her mouth dropped open. Her mouth moved to close several times and then she whispered, "Holy shit, this just gets better and better."

"Not really. She's never fucked Mark, His dick scares her. Anyway, other than me and now her sister, she's always been faithful to Jack."

Terry shook her head. "I wish you guys would have told me something. I've never really tried it but I've always had this fantasy about girl on girl sort of stuff."

Kimmie laughed. "What Jill doesn't know is that her sister and I have been going at each other from way back when. Long before you came along. Long before Jill and I tried things and Jane is damned good at eating pussy."

Terry's mouth hung open again. 

Kimmie laughed and walked over to lift her chin, closing her mouth. "After the reception I think the three of us will have a little party of our own. That is if you want to explore that fantasy for real."

Terry was nodding her head when there was a loud yelling moan from in the bathroom. Kimmie slipped an arm around her shoulders and grinned. "I think Jill just found out how long and flexible her sister's tongue really is."

Terry groaned softly. "Big dick, long tongue, pussy sitting on my face." She paused to groan again. "I'll die a very happy woman."

"Nope. You'll do like the rest of us and come your brains out and come back for more and more until you decide to marry some guy," Kimmie said with a chuckle.

"Marriage? I don't think so," Terry whispered and then grinned. "That is, unless I marry your brother and joined the family."

Kimmie laughed. "Now you're thinking right. I tried to explain that to Jill but she wasn't going for it."

There was a softer but longer yell from the bathroom. Terry looked at Kimmie. "Jane just found that her sister ate pussy almost as well as she did."

Terry groaned and fanned her face. "It's getting so hot in here."

Kimmie grinned at her. "Take off those jeans and I'll show you just how hot it can get in here."

"But... but... but... They'll be out of the shower anytime now," Terry whispered with panicky passion in her voice.

"The only thing getting those two apart anytime soon is the hot water running out. Anyway, if they do come in on us, they'll just pile into the bed and join in."

Terry groaned and reached for the buckle on her belt. "Just remember, I'm a slow learner," she whispered with a growing grin.

"The slower the better," Kimmie said as she led her third best friend over to the bed and pushed her down flat on her back. It only took her a moment to jerk Terry's shoes off and the jeans followed a few moments after that. 

Terry was laughing and then she was gasping for breath as Kimmie fell to her knees and attacked her opening and then sucked and licked her clit. Several short sharp orgasms later, Terry was still trying to do sit ups as jolt after jolt of sweet pleasure raced through her system. She kept trying to push Kimmie's head away but from her sex but it was only halfhearted attempts.

Through a haze of orgasmic pleasure, Terry became aware of someone unbuttoning her blouse. As it was pulled open, Kimmie quite licking her sex. Then there was a mouth on her right nipple and breast. A moment after that, a tongue started to snake its way into her vagina and just kept on going in. Her confusion of two mouths was blown away as another orgasm crashed in on her.

Terry's body was jerking as her hips fucked the long thick tongue in her pussy and a mouth sucked on each of her nipples. The orgasm was rolling on an on until she knew nothing more.

*****

With a groan, Terry opened her eyes to stare up at the ceiling. Her arms were sprawled out over her head and her legs were wide open. She groaned again as she tried to sit up. There was a chuckle from somewhere to her right. She turned her head to see Jill dressed in stockings and a garter belt. 

"So there is life after a hundred orgasms," Jill said softly.

"I think she had that many before we showed up," Jane said from the sofa.

Terry looked at Jane and then looked around the room as she finally got sat up. "Uh... where is Kimmie?"

"Washing her face, among other things," Jill said with a chuckle. "It was quite a mess."

Terry groaned and looked at Jane. Jane grinned at her and winked. "I had to wash mine too."

"Why don't you see if you have the energy to go wash Kimmie's back," Jill said as she walked over to give Terry a hand getting to her feet.

Terry groaned softly as she stood up. Muscles protested but her legs held her up. She started to say thank you but was interrupted by Jill kissing her full on the lips. Terry moaned softly as she kissed her best friend back.

"Welcome to the family," Jane said and then laughed. 

When Jill broke the soft kiss, Terry looked at Jane. Jane wink and said, "Kimmie told us about the conversation you two had. I think Mark is in for a surprise when all three of us show up next time."

Terry whimpered softly and nodded. "I just hope I can keep up."

"Mark is the one I'm worried about," Jill said with a laugh.

Jane laughed and took Terry's hand. She pulled her across the room to the bathroom door. "You need a shower but hurry, we've already wasted half our time."

*****

With Terry in the bathroom, Jane walked over to her sister and leaned over to lick her right nipple. Jill grinned and pushed her sister's head away. "You start up again and I'll be late to my own wedding."

Jane grinned and asked, "How are you going to break the news to Jack that you're bi?"

Jill groaned softly and shook her head. "Do I have too?"

"No secrets, remember."

Jill sighed and nodded. "We'll figure something out. Maybe we'll let him catch the four of us piled up in bed one Friday afternoon."

"Why Friday afternoon?"

Jill laughed. "That way we'll have the whole weekend to explain it too him in great detail."

Jane grinned. "I like your way of thinking."

I'm just not sure when to break it to him."

"Give him six months for the new to wear off and then... strap something new on him," Jane whispered. 

"If I do that every six months with each one of you, the poor darling will go nuts or blind."

"I'm betting on nuts," Jane said as she took her sister in her arms and kissed her soundly. 

As she stepped back she said, "Now we need to get your makeup on and your hair done. You have a wedding in an hour and a half."

Jill sighed as she turned toward the makeup table across the room. As she sat down, she said, "Why didn't we figure out we both ate pussy a long time ago. I don't know if I can wait six months to try that damned tongue of yours out again."

"Jack does work out of town sometime. I could come over and keep you company," Jane said with a wink. 

Jill groaned softly and nodded. "Secrets, remember."

"We'll worry about that later, now we get you married to Jack."

Jill nodded and then chuckled. "I could always give the three of you a lick before I walk down the aisle. The first kiss should give him a hint."

Jane laughed. "Go for it. What have you got to lose? Shit happens when you're single and we never did figure out where he was during my little stunt."

Jill shivered and picked up her makeup brush. "He does like to eat pussy," she whispered with a grin.

"Don't we all," her sister replied with a big grin of her own.