 I was in my camper making sure everything was in order for our camping trip. With our friends Gina and Wilt, we were heading up to the mountains and then using my camper as base we were planning to hike three mountains in three days. When Carol climbed in, I could see that something was up; I just looked at her and said, "So?" 

"I just got off the phone with Gina, her and Wilt had a big fight last night. Wilt got so mad he moved out this morning. Poor Gina, she seems all right now but after this sinks in, she's gonna' be a wreck. I really don't think she should be alone this weekend, so I insisted she come with us anyway."

"Gee, that's going to ruin the trip, you know she'll just mope the whole time."

"Baby don't be so upset, we'll still have fun."

"I know, but without Wilt, Gina's going to feel like a fifth wheel and you know she'll cut into our lovin time."

"Ed, it'll be alright and beside I'm not telling my best friend she can't come along just because her cruddy boyfriend bailed on her."

It wasn't too hard for me to see there was no way I could win this debate so I decided to give in before I pissed Carol off. We had planned this camping trip for weeks now and with two couples and two tents, I was hoping for lots of extra sex with my gal. Now that Sue and Wilt had their big fight and split up it would just be us three. Carol knew I was disappointed and that night as a treat she gave me a long slow sloppy blowjob and after cumming down her throat she gave me a smile of satisfaction. After that, she could have talked me into taking her priest with us. 

We ended up sleeping late and by the time we picked up Gina it was already afternoon. On the road it didn't take me long to find that it was I who was the fifth wheel. While I was driving, I could hear Carol and Gina just having a grand ol' time in the back. Soon I could hear glasses tinkling and knew they were into the wine all ready. Although I couldn't hear what they were saying I could hear the laughter getting louder by the mile, or maybe that was by the glass. 

Then all of a sudden, it got quiet and soon I began to wonder what the hell was going on. I said something like, what's happing back there but got no response. I heard someone come up behind me and turned to see Carol in her bra and panties holding a half empty wine glass.

"Hey baby, Gina, and I've been having a little wine..."

"Yeah I can see that but what happened to your clothes?"

"Mine are gone to,"

This time when I turned, I saw Gina in her bra and panties and I almost ran us off the road. Now Carol is a beautiful woman and all and I really love her but Gina. Gina has a sex goddess body all soft and cuddly with huge tits and a big round ass that makes you think obscene thoughts. I could tell both girls were buzzed from the wine and when Carol asked if I could find a place to park I began to get that 'every thing's gonna be all right' feeling. I got off the freeway and found a parking spot at a large box store. Carol practically drug me to the back of the camper.

"Sweetie, I've been telling Gina what a good pussy licker you are but she doesn't believe me so I want you to show her."

My cock was already hard and all this talk was making it harder, my sweat pants were sticking out like I had one of our tent poles in them. I went to Carol excited by the thought of eating her in front of Gina,

"Not me Edie I already know how well you eat me, I mean go eat Gina and you better make me proud boy."

What was going on, my girl was giving me permission to have oral with her friend, they had to be drunker than I thought. I went to Gina who was sitting demurely on the bed all of a sudden shy. If Carol wanted me to do this I was going to do it right. I leaned over and kissed her, long, and slow, as I wanted her to warm up to the idea of her and me. As I kissed her, I began rubbing her nipple through her bra and I could tell by her breathing she had sensitive nipples. I felt Carol on the bed beside us and I opened my eyes to see her taking Gina's bra off exposing those luscious tits of hers. Each of us took an exposed breast in our mouths, with our lips so close I next kissed Carol and as we kissed Gina began to rub and pull her nipples by herself. 

I started heading south on Gina's body with my tongue while Carol headed north until her their lips met. I then knelt on the floor in front of her and she automatically raised her legs putting her feet on the bed and spreading her thighs offering me her most valued treasures. I put my face in the middle of her teeny little panties pushing my nose between her labia. I looked to see my girl making out with this voluptuous woman, my Carol who had never mentioned to me anything to do with her and another girl. This was so hot and I could tell Gina liked it to as her panties were drenched. I pushed aside the panel covering her pussy and plunged my tongue deep inside her. She was so wet she had my face covered in her juices in seconds. I glanced up to see how they were doing and found that Gina was now on her back. I rooted my nose up her fur-covered slit searching for her clit like a pig hunting truffles. It was not hard to find as it was big and swollen and as soon as I put it in my mouth, Gina began grinding and humping. The next time I looked up I was staring into Carol little tittys and quickly realized that she must be sitting on Gina's face.

In the throes of yet another climax Gina grabbed my hair holding me tight against her sex. At the same time I could hearing Carol panting and knew she was ready to orgasm. I bit Gina's clit with just hard enough to force one more orgasm just as Carol came with a scream. Gina pushed my head away and slammed her thighs shut. Carol crawled forward and then taking my face in her hands, she licked all of Gina's nectar off. 

Carol urged me up on the bed where she and Gina combined to give me a blowjob like the ones I only dreamed of in fantasies. I think I lasted about five seconds and as I lay there drained, those two swapped my sperm back and force snowball style. Afterwards all of us spent, we napped until after dark. We didn't get to the campsite until almost midnight and we just slept in a group hug in our clothes.

The next day both girls were hung-over, plus no one wanted to talk about the elephant in the room so the tension in the camper was almost at bursting strength. Neither girl wanted to look one another in the eye and I could tell they were both embarrassed by their actions. At first, I only worried that it would mean the end of our little ménage but then I saw that it might also be the end of their friendship.

I decided I'd better do something about it so I sat them at the table. 

"Look I know you both are embarrassed about what went on yesterday, but you need to put it behind you. No one got hurt and everyone had a good time. Gina I think you needed this to help get Wilt out of your head and Carol I think you just went a little overboard in trying to help her. Let's just get on with our trip and not worry about yesterday."

I looked into Gina's eyes and as I did, I noticed she was pouting. I asked her what the matter was, 

"But I loved yesterday and I want to do it again today."

I looked to see what Carol thought about this just in time to see her lean over to kiss Gina; I knew right then we weren't going to be climbing many mountains. I also knew it would be the best camping trip ever.