 Selvam, a bachelor, was working as a sales executive in a huge IT company at Chennai in South India. He was drawing a considerable salary and lived an expensive life. He mostly partied his weekends with friends at resorts and other fun places. This weekend he had come to his favorite beach resort alone, not having had a chance to fix up with his friends earlier. There he met two lovely young girls, in the next cottage, who had come to the beach accompanied by their aunt.

Malliga the fairer beauty with long black hair, and with the prettiest of faces he had seen, had a smooth creamy skin, a nice ass, and perky breasts, which as he had suspected had big and brown nipples. But he was more taken up with Radha, the second girl, who was quite dark with lovely features, a very pretty face, short hair, and an unblemished complexion. She had smaller breasts, but it's her ass and legs that did her justice. He had a great time with both Radha and Malliga, both of whom were very out-going. Starting by touching and fondling them, while bathing in the sea; he ended up with them in bed. The girls gave him a night to remember in a 3-some fuck session, when their aunt, Jaya, another foxy lady, left for a short errand for her husband to the city, leaving them with him.

After the long and tiring night, they slept back in Selvam’s suite. Jaya on her arrival in the morning woke them up inviting them all back to her suite to meet her husband Ram and others who had come down with her to the beach. The girls excitedly ran down to their beach cottage to meet Ram. Jaya was content to walk down with him relating about her recent trip to the city.

Ram was a tall muscular guy. He was not just good-looking, but ruggedly handsome. He was about 6 feet tall, dark, with an extremely muscular chest, arms, and shoulders. He was a perfect match for his wife Jaya. She must have been in her late twenties. Fair and tall around 5’ 7”, she was quite shapely. Clad in a sari and with her hourglass figure she was slim and built like an athlete. Her legs never seemed to end and had a fabulous figure. She had long black hair, plaited and hanging down her back. Her deep brown eyes gave her a sultry look.

But who took his breath away was the other fabulous female who was introduced as Aruna, their neighbor in the city. She had come sans her husband, who was a businessman. She was quite fair and had long, curly black hair and a pretty face with a cute little upturned nose. She had the full lips, men associated with cock sucking. She appeared to be in her late twenties and a large diamond ring decorated one hand beside a gold bangle. Her large breasts, thin waist and hips gave her an almost perfect hourglass figure. She was almost a perfect female specimen though a bit on the short side, maybe 5'3". Ram was quite taken up with her as was evident from the way he was showering her with special attention. Aruna was also happily reciprocating his advances. However Jaya didn’t seem to mind Ram’s excesses with Aruna. She was happy to be with Selvam and the girls enjoying their harmless banter.

After having coffee with them, Selvam returned to his suite to get ready for the day. After a leisurely bath he was trying to choose his dress for the day when Jaya entered his suite. She was not flustered seeing him in his shorts. In fact she had always had her eyes on Selvam when he was making out with the girls, earlier the previous day. He had a trim and sleek body due to his regular workouts in the gym. Naturally endowed with a very handsome and smiling face, most girls were attracted to him.

Jaya was also partly dressed. She just had her dressing robe on, with her hair coiled on her head prior to be combed. She had come in to invite Selvam to have breakfast with them. Her half visible body under her robe was giving the hots to Selvam. The robe hung off her impressive tits, contributing to its shortness, and this further put her shapely legs on full display. To make it worse, she was tantalisingly moving in close to him. Her already short robe; rode up even higher, with the movement, giving him a clear view of her hips and her sheer lace panties. The seductive perfume she had on was driving him mad. He decided that he must have her now! and knew that she wasn’t averse to it either. 

Leaning down he pressed his mouth to hers. Their tongues met, as each was eager to explore the other's mouth. Her hand went to the back of his head mashing their mouths together. The kiss seemed to last an eternity. It started as a soft kiss, increasing in intensity slowly. Holding her face between his hands he kept on kissing her till she started gasping. Breaking the kiss he pulled out the comb she was using to hold her hair up. It fell down the front of her. He was slowly feeling its silky soft texture with his hands. He always was a sucker for silky female hair. He moved it from her chest and let his hands slide from her hair to the front of her robe. He reached for her mouth again. Their mouths met in another hungry kiss and his hand began exploring her back. Moments later, he slipped his hands down and reached for her buttons. She made no move to stop him. But giving him a sultry look, she was driving him to go on! He opened all of the buttons, so the robe hung open from her shoulders, and was stopped from opening fully only by her hard nipples.

Still kissing her, he put his hand gently around her, and pushed her back against the wall. He then slowly slid his hand down her front, and stopped between her breasts. Her breasts were small and perky. But he was surprised to note that, it was as firm as that of her nieces. He started moving his hand, until he felt the swelling of her right breast. Then he moved his hand beneath her robe and cupped her breast. She didn't object and he started to lightly stroke her breast while cupping it. He looked her right in the eyes, and held her very hard nipple between his index, and middle fingers. He squeezed his fingers together, and her eyes fluttered and closed. He started to move his hand over to her other breast, tugging on her nipple, drawing a small whimper from her. She moaned out loud as he gently massaged and toyed with her breast while still kissing her. He was sure that his manipulations on her breasts were far more pleasurable to her than the immense feeling he got while still kissing her. 

With her front totally exposed to him, he started to move his hand down her chest to her belly. As he reached the top of her sheer panties, his thumb went under the waistband, and traced across the swelling of her round belly. He then started his hand back up the inside of her thigh. As he reached her panties, he slid under it, and continued along the top of her thigh. She moved her hips slightly as he reached the top of her thigh, where it met her body. He pushed her legs apart and began caressing her inner thigh. Higher and higher his hand went, waiting for her to close her legs, trapping his hand. Instead, she seemed to spread her legs even further. His thumb brushed her crotch and felt both the heat and moisture already radiating from her heated pussy. Turning his hand, he cupped her love grotto. Jaya didn't try to stop him. As his hand exposed her open pussy to him, the air around him was filled with the scent of her. As eager as he was to cup her pussy and play with it again, he took the time to remove her panties. 

When she was naked below the waist, he spread her legs again. He, instead of pushing a finger into her pussy now, spread her juices over the little nub and began to gently caress it. The results were electrifying. She began to bounce all over the wall as wave after wave of pleasure shot through her body. His suite was filled with both her moans and the sweet smell of her arousal. Turning the back of his hand to her, he ran his bent knuckles over her cunt. She was so wet. Her come was coating his knuckles as he slid them from her clit to the bottom of her slit. He started moving up and down her. Every time he moved his knuckles across her clit, she jumped, and whimpered. Her ass was sliding down the wall and was opening her up to him. He straitened out two fingers, turned his palm up, and slowly started to enter her. Her hips rose, and opened her further to him. As his fingers entered her, he curved them up, and started to rub her inside. He felt for and found the nub up inside. Her hips shot up, and a slight squeal escaped her mouth in spite of him having covered it with his own. He added his thumb to her clit, squeezing together with the fingers inside, and felt her cunt spasm around his fingers, as she came for the first time. Her body shook and shivered, her eyes closed, and her head tilted back. His fingers were covered in her spend. He then pulled his fingers from her, and she slumped back against the wall.

Jaya in spite of the intense orgasm experienced by her, pulled Selvam to her and kissed him. She could feel his rock hard cock through his shorts. Pulling the shorts down to release his cock she slid down to her knees. His cock sprang out of his shorts and poked at her face. Jaya, gasped, and grabbed his cock in her hands, and started to stroke it. As she dropped down, Selvam lifted her robe off her quivering body. He stood there, his rock hard penis jutting out in to the hands of Jaya. Then she took Selvam’s cock in her mouth, and started sucking it. She almost choked on his massive cock. She then took Selvam’s thick cock in her hands and licked him from balls to tip. The more she licked, the bigger he grew and she could barely fit her fist around him. She sucked his balls into her mouth while pumping his shaft, her tongue washing them, then flicking up his shaft, slowing and working back toward the head, sucking her way up, tongue flickering. She reached his cockhead and stretched her lips over it, gradually getting it into her mouth. She could only swallow about half of him and when she reached her limit she bobbed up and down on his prick, the flat of her tongue against the underside. He ran his fingers through her hair in a soft gesture of love he felt for her. 

Selvam having had his pent-up desires bottled up so long knew he couldn’t last much longer. He began to moan in pleasure and holding her head between his hands he began to fuck her mouth. He moaned and kept on increasing his speed. She just about managed to keep on sucking it, as he pushed it all the way in, with out gagging. Slowly both of them felt the climax building up and he started to increase his tempo. Selvam raised one knee in the air and resting his feet on the wall for support began to slam into her at a break neck speed, and let out a wild roar as he erupted in her. He groaned and exploded cum, firing streams and streams of hot seed that filled her mouth. He groaned with his eyes shut with lights exploding in his head. He heard his cock pop out of her wet mouth and more come splashed onto her pretty face. Two long ropes of cum splashed into her eyebrows and into her hair. Jaya held on to his cock in spite of his high speed pistoning, and was not prepared for the deluge of come that suddenly spurted on to her face. Startled, she pulled away, just in time to get the second load splattered across her nose. He grabbed a handkerchief lying on the dresser in his suite and wiped her face, then pulled her close. He couldn't resist kissing the beautiful lips, though they still had traces of his cum.

Jaya pulled back her robe and wanted to return to her cottage for arranging breakfast for them. Selvam, still nude, pulled her back to him for a long kiss, after which, he reluctantly let her go. Jaya promised him that they’d have more time to themselves, later on, and left. Selvam hurried up with his dressing and left for their cottage. 

Soon as he entered, the girls ran down and hugged him. Ram and Aruna viewed their show of affection, with bemused grins. After breakfast each of them had a different plan for the day. Finally they decided on a dip in the sea for the morning and after lunch, at the insistence of the girls; to go to a distant amusement park and enjoy the water rides. The elders due to the travel involved agreed to the last one quite reluctantly. The girls were very thrilled with the plan and started hugging and kissing everyone quite shamelessly.

They left for the sea; and what a dip it was? Everyone had their heart’s fill of fingering and fondling each other. It was quite evident to Selvam that neither the girls nor the women had any inhibitions when it came to having fun. Especially the girls, Malliga and Radha couldn't keep their hands off Selvam and Ram. Underwater, they literally pulled down the shorts of Ram and took him in their mouths. Not to be left out Ram was concentrating more on Aruna, pulling and kneading her breasts whenever possible; and when he was not fingering the girl’s cunts. They spent the entire morning frolicking in the sea. Selvam not fully satisfied with Jaya in the morning, spent most of his time with her in the sea. He bent her down and tried to shove his prick in to her. But due to the buoyancy in the water he couldn’t fully succeed and had to satisfy himself with rubbing himself against her cunt, while kissing and fondling her.     

They then went in to the restaurant for their lunch, adjusting their skimpy cloths. The resort owner, a good friend of Selvam, offered them all drinks. Having wallowed around all day in the sun and sea they were only too thankful to their host for the chilled beer he offered them. Having a leisurely lunch they didn’t keep track of the beers that was consumed. When they got in to Ram’s SUV; it was with a very pleasant beer buzz, they started the long trip to the amusement park.

Both the girls got in to the single front seat with Ram at the wheel. Selvam had to share the rear bench seat with Jaya and Aruna. He was quite surprised when Aruna chose to sit in the middle nearer to him. After a few minutes of this seating arrangement Ram found it difficult to drive with both the girls up-front and had to stop to send Radha to the back seat. She insisted on the window seat and pushed both the women towards Selvam and sat near the door.

Aruna was practically on Selvam's lap, and Jaya was pushed in tight to their side. Aruna could only make room for her legs by spreading them, or shoving them at an unnatural angle towards the door, so she swung them over Jaya's, and asked if that was OK. To support herself this way, she had to put her left arm around Selvam's neck, and to keep her back from bumping against the door handle, she had to lean forward, and sit hunched up a bit. Both Selvam and Jaya had a good view of her breasts. They could see up to her nipples, which were quite hard due to all the excitement and beer. Aruna was aware of the view she was presenting to Selvam and Jaya; and she didn’t seem to mind it. In fact she was glad of all the attention she was getting.

A bump in the road made her lurch back to the door, but Selvam held her lower back to cushion it from hitting against the door. Her back felt icy hot, through the thin shirt she was wearing over her shorts. It was quite exciting to him. She was very daring, wriggling her ass on to his lap, and over his quickly hardening prick. He let his hand slip down to her cute little ass, and a couple of times he pushed his fingers in to the crack making her squirm on his lap. She could feel his crotch expand, and she felt naughty and was happy, that she could make a stud like Selvam want to have some fun with her.

Selvam had to undergo these pleasant teasing from Aruna for more than an hour till they reached the amusement park. Aruna would sometime rub her breasts on to his chest but couldn’t do much more, risking detection by the others. However Jaya was privy to the happenings and was smiling at the pleasant discomfiture on the part of Selvam.

Reaching the park, they had great fun. The girls persisted on entering all the rides and invariably it fell on Selvam to accompany them. But whenever the chance offered itself he did not fail to cuddle up with Aruna. He managed to keep her on a high pitch of sensuality, anticipating the ride back with her. While the girls were busy in the rides, Ram and the ladies kept them engaged with drinks and snacks available in the bar. Though Ram limited his drinks the ladies kept going and were quite smashed when they got in to the SUV for returning back. The same seating arrangements continued, to the great joy of Selvam

Due to the lateness of the hour, it was turning dark; doubling his joy. Once again she was on Selvam's lap, exactly where he most wanted her to be. In the fading light, she caught a smile from Jaya, as if she'd read her mind, or as if she knew Aruna was hoping for a little fun. Jaya wrapped her arms around her knees and said, “Have Fun”.

He already had his hand on her ass, and suddenly, she let go any reservations she had, to give way for this sexy feeling of hers. She wanted him to go at least one step further. She leaned in to him, to let him know. He took the hint, and began to stroke her back in slow soft circles, and sometimes harder when Ram lurched over another pothole in the bad road they were traveling on. She stretched up a couple of times, with her arm around the back of his head, wanting to touch her breasts to his chin. He saw how close he was, and sunk down low enough to touch his chin to her shirt. Then he managed to kiss along the upper line of her breasts above the shirt, and she started to wriggle them waiting for his full attention on them. She could feel his prick getting bigger than it had been before and knew he was in pain.

She could feel his hand shift away from her bottom, and felt him move beneath her for a moment. She realized that he must have been doing something to free himself from the pressure. Then, she could actually feel the length of Selvam’s prick beneath her ass and legs. It was long and hard. The SUV lurched forward, and she had to hold on with one hand on the headrest in front of her, and the other hand on Selvam's thighs. She was then suddenly stunned, for she had felt the tip of his prick between his thighs. He had somehow pulled his shorts down and pulled out his prick, and now was working his right hand under her shorts trying to open it. His left hand was on her waist, just below her breast. The SUV lurched again, and he flipped her top over her large breasts. She pretended not to think about it, and did nothing to cover herself. He started stroking them, pulling at her nipples just as she liked them to be played with, and when he started his tongue flicking and licking and sucking her other nipple, she began jerking with pleasure.

She was not satisfied with this and wanted more. She lifted herself off Selvam's thighs by an inch or two, hoping he would take the hint. In a flash, he was pushing her shorts down, and she could feel his impossibly long and hard cock between her thighs. She opened them an inch or two, and slid his cock over so that it was pushing between the outer lips of her cunt. She was so wet, and started to slowly move over him. Jaya had leaned over, and was rubbing her breasts on Aruna’s knees. She started to stroke Aruna’s thighs. Just then Ram was on a stretch of bad road that made the SUV jerk up and down steadily for about half a minute. Selvam held both of Aruna’s breasts in his hands now, and started a rough, pressure-filled rhythm going on her cuntlips and clitoris. When the jerks stopped on the smoother road, he withdrew his penis, pushed her forward a couple of inches, and then thrust up. She twisted to her right to help him. She felt two hands pushing her shorts past her knees and to the floor. She was positive it was Jaya. Now... Selvam was in her! She spread her legs in front, touching the outer sides of the seat in front of her. She was already panting. Putting both hands on her shoulders, he started pulling her body down onto his erection every time he pushed up. Almost at once, he could feel his balls tighten, and felt the pussy in which he was buried begin to spasm around the pole jammed hard and deep into its smooth, wet, slick depths.
