 My wife Lin and I got together in college after meeting through a mutual friend Matt. Matt and I had been roommates for a couple years and he his girlfriend, Jessica, had met Lin in a class. The two girls had become friends and, as women often do, Jessica decided to fix Lin and me up. Lin was a gorgeous Chinese-American woman with shoulder-length brown hair, smooth dark skin, and a trim figure. She was petite, just over five feet tall, and had nice firm B-cup breasts and a beautiful round ass. We hit it off immediately and soon became an item. 

After college, Lin and I moved to Wisconsin while Matt and Jessica stayed in Illinois. We kept in touch but, over the next several years drifted apart. I was happy, however, one Tuesday morning when Lin told me that she'd just received an invitation from Jessica to visit them in the new house that she and Matt had just purchased. We had a long weekend coming up and thought it would be a perfect time to make the trip and reconnect with our old friends. That Friday morning, we loaded up our car and headed south. 

We made it to Matt and Jessica's house mid-afternoon and were impressed. They were obviously doing well for themselves and had managed to buy a very comfortable house in a nice neighborhood. Jessica met us at the door in a University of Illinois sweatshirt and a pair of jeans, her blonde hair pulled back in a ponytail. She looked fantastic. Back in college I'd always considered her a little thin even though she seemed to have a nice body. Still, I'd always had a bit of a crush on her and been especially enamored with her pale blue eyes. In the several years since graduation, however, she'd filled out nicely. The 10-15 pounds she'd added seemed to have gone mostly to her breasts, ass and hips, and her curves now showed through her very casual outfit. I couldn't help noticing all of this as she gave both Lin and I big hugs and invited us in. 

Jessica told us that Matt would get off work in a couple hours and gave us a tour of their house. Having previously lived in an apartment, it was apparent that they didn't have enough furniture to fill the new house, but they would grow into it. Jessica led us around, showed us our bedroom, and then brought us back into the living room to hang out until Matt got home. The girls chatted while I zoned out, sneaking glances at Jessica and fantasizing about Lin, who was wearing a tight black sweater that showed off her slim figure and accentuated the curve of her breasts. The car ride had made me horny and the conversation was doing nothing to pull my mind toward more appropriate subjects. 

Matt returned home some time later and sat down with us to chat. He too seemed bored with the girls' conversation and offered to take me down and show me the basement. I gladly accepted and we headed downstairs. The basement was comfortable with a couple of nice couches, a bar, pool table, and a flat screen TV. We each grabbed a beer and flopped down on the couches. "Jess looks great," I told him.

"Thanks," he replied, " we're doing well. I'll tell you though, she can be a handful."

"How's that?" I asked.

"She's horny as hell since we bought this place," he laughed, "Something about nesting."

"I hear you, Lin's going through that too," I shot back. "You know they say a woman's sex drive peaks in her thirties, us guys peak at eighteen."

"Sure, but I'm still doing alright," patting his crotch.

Having lived together for two years in the dorms, I'd had a number of opportunities to see what Matt was referring to. Matt and I had gained a bit of a reputation back in those days, as two guys who were packing a substantial amount of meat. His dick was slightly larger at about eight inches, I was about seven and a half. We'd discovered this about three weeks into freshman year after both of us had refrained from jacking off for what was probably the longest stretch in our lives. Neither of us wanted to do it in front of another guy and the roommate situation put a damper on things. We also hadn't managed to hook up with any girls yet -- that would come soon -- and were both just about bursting with 21-days worth of unspent loads. It happened one night when we were watching some bad movie for the sole purpose of getting a glimpse of the lead actress's tits. 

"Shit this is a bad movie," I groaned about 45 minutes into it, "I wish she'd just take off her damn shirt." 

"Haha, I know, I haven't seen tits since I got here," Matt replied. 

"Fuck it, do you want to just watch a porno?" I asked.

"Hell yeah," Matt answered.

As it turned out we each had a couple DVDs and were soon watching a hot brunette chick get pounded by some European guy with a huge cock. This was clearly too much for me in my sex-deprived state and a started stroking my own dick underneath the covers. After a few minutes I heard a rustling from Matt's bed and looked over to see him doing the same. 

We continued like this for a while longer until he blurted out, "Look man, I don't want to get my sheets dirty so I hope you don't mind if I just whip it out."

I laughed, "No problem, I think we're in the same boat here."

We both pulled back the sheets to give rock hard dicks some fresh air and began pumping away. I caught Matt glancing over at me a couple minutes later and looked back. 

"Not bad dude," I laughed, "I thought mine was pretty big but it looks like you've got me beat by a little." 

"You got nothing to worry about man," Matt laughed back, "The girls back home couldn't handle all of mine and I bet they'd have a hard time with yours too."

We turned our attention back to the movie and our aching members. Within five more minutes had both shot massive loads over our stomachs. This became a regular ritual over the next couple weeks until both of us started getting laid. Even after that we would do it once in a while, always separately, in our own beds. After the second or third time it just became natural and we stopped thinking much about it. It made things easier coming back from the shower as well. 

"I'm sure you're doing alright," I laughed as we sat in Matt's basement talking about our wives and sipping our beers. "I don't think I'd have any trouble with Jessica either.

Matt laughed, "You wouldn't have to twist my arm to a few rounds with Lin." 

We finished up and headed upstairs where Jessica and Lin were still chatting away. It was getting close to dinner time and Matt suggested that we head out to a local bar for some drinks and food. The place was nice with a decent size crowd. We found a booth in the corner, ordered drinks, and began reminiscing about the old days. Jessica had changed into a low cut top that showed off her cleavage and I couldn't help sneaking a few glances when I got the chance. Her tits looked amazing and a kept a semi-hardon all night. The atmosphere of the bar and several rounds seemed to have gotten all four of us pretty loose and I caught Matt flirting a bit with Lin. The conversation gradually turned to a playful discussion of sex. Matt had purchased a vibrator for Jessica's last birthday and she was raving about how much fun she was having with it. 

"I'll show it to you when we get home," she told Lin, "Maybe even let you try it if you're lucky."

Lin laughed, "I don't think so, I'm a little too shy for that."

"You're husband's not shy," Jessica replied, obviously a little tipsy.

"What?" Lin asked, a confused smile on her face.

"Didn't he ever tell you about their dorm room back in the day? He and Matt used to jerk off together all the time back in college," Jessica giggled, "Matt told me."

Matt and I both laughed, a little embarrassed. Lin's eyes shot wide open and she leaned forward. 

"Seriously?" she asked.

"Yeah, they'd watch porn and stroke their dicks in the dark because neither was getting laid," Jessica laughed. "Then I came along."

Lin looked over at me and giggled, "I never knew that, you never told me. It's sort of hot."

"Your husband has a nice cock though," Jessica continued, apparently a bit more drunk than we realized, "I saw it once in the morning when he was sleeping. Looked just like Matt's," she laughed, "So you're a lucky girl like me!"

"Okay I think it's time to call it a night," Matt announced, wanting to rein in his drunken wife before she announced any other bedroom secrets to the bar. 

We paid the bill and headed home. In the short car ride home Lin -- who was a little drunk herself -- cuddled up to me and ran her hand over my crotch in the backseat. She was clearly horny and I was happy to oblige once we got home. Jessica still wanted to party, however, and she forced drinks into our hands as soon as we got back to their house. The air was still filled with tension from the conversation at the bar as we sat down for an awkward few minutes. 

"Okay guys, let's play a game," Jessica said bouncing in the couch next to Matt. "We have a really fun one that we play all the time with dice. My ex-boyfriend taught it to me," she laughed and winked at Matt. Matt rolled his eyes as Jessica hopped up to retrieve two pairs of dice, a piece of paper and a pen.

"Okay Lin, what's your favorite part of your husband's body?" Jessica asked.

Lin giggled, "Ummm, chest I guess."

Jessica rolled her eyes, "Yeah right, that's not it but I'll put it down anyways... that's a five. Now my favorite part is cock, that's a six! Okay, so one is hand, two is lips, three is thigh, four is ass, five is chest, and six is crotch," she giggled. "Now for the other die," she said picking it up, "this is for actions, and they have to be good! One is blow, two is tickle, three is rub, four is kiss, five is lick, six is fuck!" 

We laughed nervously, apparently Jessica had done this before. "Okay I'll show you, I'll go first," she said.

Jessica rolled the first die, which came up as a four. "Okay, that means Kiss," she rolled the second, which was a two. "Okay, Kiss lips." She leaned over and gave Matt a seductive kiss on the lips and told Lin that it was her turn. Lin rolled a 5 and a 1, which meant that she had to lick my hand. Everyone laughed as she ran her tongue up my palm and the back of my hand, around my thumb. Matt had the next turn and rolled two threes: rub thighs. Lin and I watched as he reached over to massage Jessica's thighs through her tight jeans, she wiggled and laughed, making her big melons giggle in her tight top. Next was my turn. I rolled a 1 and a 3, blow on thighs. I leaned down and blew over Lin's legs as the others laughed. As I did so, I caught a whiff of her pussy... she was obviously excited by the turn the evening had taken. 

"Okay, first round over," Jessica announced, "take off one piece of clothing."

I looked at Lin and shrugged, then turned to watch both Jessica and Matt pull off their shirts. Lin and I did the same. Jessica grabbed the dice and rolled a 4 and a 5, and leaned over to kiss Matt's chest. Lin then rolled a 6 and a 5. "Okay, lie down," she told me.

I leaned back and watched my wife, clad only jeans and a black bra begin to hump my chest. The others laughed and Matt grabbed the dice. He rolled a three and a two, Rub Lips, which seemed rather pointless. As he began to touch Jessica's lips, however, she laughed, making her large breasts jiggle in her white bra. My turn was next and I rolled a 4/5. I grabbed Lin, pulled her to me, and buried my face in her breasts, kissing each several times as Matt and Jessica watched. For the next turn Jessica -- still quite drunk -- demanded we remove our pants. My cock rose to half-mast as I watched the two girls slide their jeans over their round asses. They looked fantastic, Lin with her slim, athletic figure wearing a black bra and thong and Jessica with her voluptuous curves wearing white. I noticed a wet spot in Jessica's white underwear. Matt and I also pulled off our pants. The girls eyed our packages through our boxer-briefs. We were both half hard and I, like Jessica, had a wet spot. I caught my wife sneaking a peek at Matt's big bulge before the game started again.

Jessica rolled a 1/3, which led her to blow on Matt's thighs. Lin and I watched as the sensation caused his contained cock to throb in his briefs. I looked over at my wife eying his package and saw her hungrily bite her bottom lip. Lin rolled a 4/4, leading her to kiss my ass. Everyone laughed. Matt rolled a 1/1, and took Jessica's hand, blowing on it gently. I rolled a 2/4 and touched Lin's ass, playfully snapping the side of her thong.

"Alright guys," Jessica announced, "next round, one more piece of clothing!" She snapped off her bra letting her full breasts fall out. They were gorgeous, firm, and round, capped with perfect pink nipples. My dick throbbed to a full erection as I watched them bounce free, seeming to defy gravity. Lin slowly unfastened the clasp to her bra, sliding it off her chest to reveal her 32B breasts and pointy nipples. 

"Wait a minute," Matt said, ogling my wife, "this isn't fair. We only have one piece of clothing left."

"Sorry guys," Jessica said as she turned to yank Matt's underwear down to his ankles.

His cock shot up as it slid out over his waistband. Lin gasped as she looked at what was the largest dick she'd ever encountered in real life. Its thick veiny shaft supported a broad head. Matt's large balls hung down beneath, heavy with seed. 

"Your turn," Lin winked to me as she followed suit, ripping my briefs down to expose my own throbbing cock. 

"Look, he's drooling," Jessica giggled pointing at the tip of my penis which glistened with several drops of precum. "Now sit down, we have a game to play," she said as she pushed Matt back down on the sofa, his cock slapping against his stomach will a dull thwack. 

Jessica grabbed the dice and rolled a 4/5. She leaned over and kissed Matt's chest again, this time paying special attention to his nipples. Her hand lifted up as if it were about to touch his cock, but then pulled back, teasing him. Lin rolled a 5/5, and stretched over to lick my chest, swirling her tongue around my nipples. Frustrated, Matt rolled the dice again, getting a 6/2, fuck / lips. 

"Yes!" he yelled, standing up to move his hard cock to Jessica's lips. Lin and I watched Jessica parted her full lips to allow the thick head of Matt's cock into her mouth. Her left hand reached up to grab the base of his member, controlling his thrusts as she took him. Lin and I were mesmerized by the scene, but Jessica cut it short after 5 or 6 thrusts. It was my turn. I reached down, desperately hoping for a high roll and threw a 6/6. 

"Finally!" I said as I turned to Lin, leaning her back on the couch and raising my engorged cock to her pussy. My first thrusts coated her black thong with precum as my throbbing cock rubbed over her folds and clit. The friction after several thrusts pushed the side of her thong back allowing my moist cockhead to make contact with her clit. Lin moaned as I rubbed our juices together and traced my dick down toward the opening of her cunt. She clenched as a slid my girth into her, gripping my hardon with her wet folds. Jessica and Matt watched as I slowly fucked my wife in front of them.

"Okay, time for a break," Jessica exclaimed, pulling her panties off and climbing into Matt's lap. "But wait, the girls can cum but the boys can't. You got that, the boys aren't allowed to cum."

Here last words cut off as she slid down on Matt's thick rod. We fucked for a frenzied three minutes, the girls moaning in unison as Matt and I pumped them full of cock meat. Soon, both girls were cumming only seconds apart. 

"Okay that's it!" Jessica announced, hopping off Matt. "We have a game to play."

I reluctantly pulled out of Lin's tight pussy and turned to Jessica, my dripping cock pointing directly at her. "Come on, we won the game right? It's over."

"Nope," she said, "I made up a new round." She picked up a third die and began to explain, "The first two dice stay the same, the third one tells you who to do it with. 1-2 are your own spouse, 3-4 is the other's, 5-6 is both girls together."

Matt, Lin, and I all looked at each other....Jessica was upping the ante. It was one thing to mess around with our partners in the same room -- and we had gotten a bit carried away with the actual sex -- but this was something else entirely. Before we could say anything, however, Jessica rolled the dice and got a 4/3/2. We got a great view of Jessica's ass and pussy lips as she leaned over Matt and began kissing his thighs.

"Lin's turn," she then announced, pushing the dice into my wife's hands.

Lin looked at me, blushing and hot as hell, and rolled a 1/1/1. She took my hand and blew on it. Pretty tame. Things were about to change, however. Matt was next and rolled a 4/4/4. We all laughed as he walked over to Lin and planted a series of kisses on her tight round ass. I knew he could smell her pussy, hell, the whole room smelled like sex.

"Your turn man," he said, tossing me the dice. I closed my eyes and wished for triple sixes but instead rolled a 5/1/5. Lin and Jessica both giggled, stood up, walked over to each other, and began playfully licking and kissing each others' hands. Matt and I stared at this surprisingly erotic scene. 

"New round," Lin said looking at me and then Matt. She was clearly as excited about the prospects as the rest of us. 

Jessica grabbed the dice and rolled a 4/4/1. She kissed Matt's ass and handed the dice to Lin, who rolled a 3/2/3. Matt had his lips rubbed and then took the dice, rolling a 1/6/6. The girls laughed again and then moved over to Matt's couch. Lin laid down and Jessica crawled between her thighs, blowing softly on Lin's wet snatch. Lin cooed softly and squirmed. The girls then switched and Lin moved in between Jessica's thighs, pursing her lips and blowing on Jessica's shaved pussy lips. 

"Mmm that tickles," Jessica moaned, and moved her fingers down towards her clit. Lin grapped her hand, stopping her. 

Anxious to keep going, I grabbed the dice and rolled a 4/5/5.

"Nice," Matt and I both said at the same time. Lin crawled into Jessica's lap, lifted Jessica's soft breasts to her lips, and began kissing them. After 30 seconds Jessica lifted Lin's mouth and leaned down to kiss Lin's small eraser-point nipples. Lin cooed again, grinding her wet snatch into the sofa. Jessica was back up. She rolled a 4/1/4 and turned to me. Her full breasts bounced as she stood up, sauntered over to me, and took my hand and began kissing it. I could smell her perfume and the sweet musk of her wet pussy. My dick throbbed, hoping for more. The next few rolls were a disappointment with only a little foreplay exchanged between partners and the girls. 

It wasn't until Lin rolled the dice again a couple rounds later, that things started to heat up. She rolled a 3/6/4, meaning that she'd have to rub Matt's cock. This was the first significant sexual contact between non-spouses and everyone gasped a little. Lin turned to me as if to ask permission.

"I want this," she said softly, and I consented. Lin moved cautiously over to Matt and sat down between him and Jessica. She eyed Matt's dick, the closest she'd gotten to another man's penis since we'd started dating, and then looked back to me. The thought of my wife touching another man lit a fire of jealousy inside me, but also an even stronger feeling of excitement. Lin reached down with her left hand and circled Matt's thick shaft. He was still moist from a mixture of Jessica's juices and precum and her small fingers slid easily up to the rim of his head. Her right hand moved to cup his heavy balls as she slid back down, squeezing his hot meat in her delicate fingers.

"You're really big," she told him as she slid her hand back up. Matt groaned as Lin worked her magic. His thick meat throbbed as Lin continued stroking it. A trickle of moisture rolled down from the tip, over my wife's fingers and down toward the base of Matt's cock. 
