 Mike and Gail were hosting the neighborhood party for their small group of friends. Gail, a senior High teacher was finished for the year. She was happy to be home and know that on Monday when her other friends were on the way to work she would be able to sleep late and spend the day loafing around their back yard pool. She wanted to work on her summer tan.

The small group of friends worked in the area and lived in the same neighborhood. Gail's husband was a Civil engineer. His job paid quite well and they were able to buy a nice home out in the suburbs. The house was much like the other houses in the area. Large lots gave each of them a good amount of privacy, and they took advantages of it.

The group of friends met at one or the other of their homes twice a month. This happened to be their time to host it. They had been friends for at least five years. Some of them a little more than the others.

The group was made up of five couples. Four of them were married but one man was still single. He had a girlfriend that lived with him off and on for several years. She was always invited to the parties with him. It was a special group that got alone perfectly as the time flew by.

Along with Mike and Gail were Tom and Cindy, Bill and Alice, Ralph and Maxine, Albert and his girl friend Lois. They had several things in common. They were all in their twenties, they all had good jobs, and they were all very attractive. Neither family had any children to take up their time. All planed on waiting until later to start their families.

Mike was tall and dark with curly hair that always looked like it needed combing. He was about six feet two tall and in excellent shape. Golf and tennis kept him that way.

Gail was a petite blond with a figure that kept her male students dreaming of what she would look like out of her strict school clothes. When she wasn't in school the clothes she wore often reveled more of her than it should. She was pretty and didn't mind letting other men get a peek of her when she went out. Mike didn't mind her showing off in front of their friends.

Tom and Bill were a lot like Mike. Both of them attracted a lot of women's attention when they were out on the town.

Cindy and Alice were tall with long legs and nice firm tits and like Gail, didn't mind showing them off.

Ralph and Albert was both black. Ralph was short but his body was well muscled from the weight room he had in his basement.

Albert was the one that they all looked up to. Literally he was over six feet five and the others had to look up at him. Many women had looked at him over the years and though about going black at least one time.

Maxine was just slightly larger than Gail was but with her honey colored skin and firm tits she was an attraction that the men loved having around.

Lois was different from them all. She was really black. She stood at nearly six feet tall and weighed about a hundred and forty pounds. With her height she was really something to see. Her legs were long and muscular. Mike mentioned to Gail after one of their parties that Lois looked like she could squeeze a man to death while they were fucking with her legs. It was this that kept Al coming back to her. She liked sex almost as much as Al.

These ten made up the small group that partied every other Saturday night until the wee hours of the morning. Ten beautiful people that loved to be together and had established a close friendship over the years.

When they partied they partied hard. Usually a keg of beer was downed before the night was over. A lot of flirting went on between them all at the parties. That was all that ever really happened at one of the parties. No one had gone beyond the point that they established, without actually spelling it out in words. Not that all five men would have jumped at the chance to take any of the women to bed. It was the women that called a halt when things got a little out of hand.

None of the ten were jealous when they saw their spouse dancing a little close with another or when they might slip out to a dark corner to steal a kiss. All five women had all five men feeling of their tits at one time or another. They all liked to dance and the slow close dances were the best. Every woman in the group could tell you the size of the men's cocks just from all the close dancing. They all knew that it was Al that had the biggest package.

This night the party started much the same as them all. With a bar-b-que that afternoon and swimming and dancing on the pool deck as the sun went down. The summer sun had the water warm and they all took advantage of it. The women were bouncing around in their skimpy little bikinis and the men in their suits. A lot of grab ass had been going on since they started. By dark all the women had been squeezed and pinched on their ass and their tits had handprints all over them. It was the first pool party of the year and they all were having fun. 

The beer had been flowing quite regurlary and the men were getting a little high as well as a couple of women. Gail usually joined in with the beer drinking but since this party was at her house she tried to refrain from drinking too much.

Some one suggested playing war and the party really got started. Each woman got on the shoulders of one of the men and they met in the middle of the pool. The last one standing was declared the winner. It was a game they had played many times before and they all liked. It wasn't a rule but they never paired up with their own spouse. It was another way they had of enjoying others without going all the way.

Gail found her self on the broad shoulders of Al. She had been raised in the south and not had a lot to do with men of another color. Over the years she had come to like Ralph and Al and it no longer bothered her when she was around them. She had danced close with them and knew that they probably had larger cocks than the other men did. She was sure Al was much larger than any of them.

Gail and Al had an unfair advantage against the others. He was taller and he had the lightest woman on his back. Mike found Lois on his back and the weight difference between her and Gail was very different. He could feel her powerful legs as she squeezed them around his neck. Once again he thought about fucking the tall black women.

The first round didn't take long. Gail slid her cunt up close to the back of Al's neck. She liked this game because she could feel her pussy pressing against the hair on the back of his neck. Her legs squeezed him tight as the fun started. 

Gail wasn't the only one that liked to feel Al between her legs. All Al could think about was the little blond and her blond cunt rubbing the back of his neck. His hands slid up her legs and with the pretense of holding her on, his hands were on her bare thighs, not far from her cunt. This was perfectly all right with Gail. All this fun and games were going to lead to a night full of sex when she and Mike were in bed. A glance at Mike and she knew he was having just as much fun as she was.

Al, with his strength leaned in and Gail caught the arms of Cindy and gave a yank. Cindy came off and they were eliminated. It worked again on the others and soon she and Al were the only ones standing. He pulled her around and she slid off his shoulders and stood on the bottom of the pool. Al didn't miss a chance to let his hand slide between her legs as she slid down. His fingers touched her clit through the suit and Gail let out a shiver at the touch. They were both laughing as she slapped his hand away from her cunt. It wasn't the first time with him or any of the other that her cunt had felt the touch of a man's hand other than Mike. The other women were being touched the same way.

They paired up again and with the same results. Not that she won but her partner found a way to catch a feel of her cunt under the cover of water. The play continued until all of them had been aboard each man. Every one in the pool knew what was going on with each other. That was what they liked about their group, A lot of fun and no one was jealous of another.

The women left the men chatting around the pool and went inside to clean up the mess in the kitchen. Alice was laughing as she washed dishes. "I think every man out there had his hand on my cunt at least once."

Maxine said, "You know that is why we play the game."

Alice answered her, "I'm not complaining, I am glad to see summer is here again." The others all agreed.

The next thing they always did was bring out the music and the dancing started. Much like the war game they danced with all different partners.

The women were winding up in the kitchen when the men started calling the women to come on back out side. Only a little was left to do and Gail sent them on out. She was going to finish up in the kitchen and join them. 

She finished at the table and put the last of the dishes in the sink. She looked out the window and saw them now dancing on the pool deck. They still had on their swim suits so a lot of skin was touching a lot of skin.

Then the light in the kitchen went out. Gail jumped when she was plunged into darkness. It took a second before her eyes became use to the dim light coming from out side. It was then that arms reached around her and drew her back against his body. His hands were covering her tits as he gently squeezed them. "Al, behave yourself."

She heard him give a little laugh. "How did you know it was me?

"I saw the others out there dancing, that left only you." His hands had not released her tits and she reached up to take them from her body.

He didn't force her as she pulled his hands from her tits. He turned her and pulled her closer. His mouth came down and covered her in a deep kiss. It wasn't the first time for them. He had taken the opportunity before to kiss her. The kissing she didn't object to. He was good and she liked the feel of his mouth on hers. Her arms went around his neck and she pulled his mouth down tighter to hers. She could feel his hard cock pressing against her as he drew her tighter. 

It was his tongue entering her mouth that really set her off. She could feel the juice running down her legs. Gail was having a good time but she knew that it was getting close to getting out of hand. She pulled away. "Hold it big boy, this is about to get to good."

"It could get a lot better."

Gail knew what he was talking about. "I can't do that."

"Why not? We have come awful close over the years. I think if one couple made the move the others would fall right in."

"And what if they don't? We could end up in a broken marriage. I love Mike and I like what we do at these parties, but when it comes down to saying good night it will be Mike in my bed."

"Well, if you say so then what about another kiss before we join them out side?"

"Now that I don't mind doing." She knew that Mike had probably kissed the others by now and that they would kiss her before the night was over. Her arms went around his neck and she stood on her toes as she pulled his open mouth down over hers.

Her tongue was wrestling with his as they pull closer together. She didn't try to draw back as his hard cock pushed against her. She even moved her hips to rub against his hard cock. She knew it was teasing but they had been doing this for years. It only led to hot sex when the party was over.

She was so involved in the kiss that she didn't realize his hands were now down inside bikini bottoms. He squeezed her naked ass between his fingers. It was only when his hand slid around in her suit to touch her bare cunt that she realized what she was letting him do. 

She twisted her head aside and broke the kiss. "AL STOP!" She tried to push away from him and found that it only work to his advantage. With the extra room his hand covered her naked cunt. His finger found her opening and the juice that had been flowing most of the night let him slip a finger inside her cunt.

He had gone farther than anyone had before. Gail was twisting and turning trying to get away. All the time telling him to stop. Her movement only served to help him. He was working his finger in her blond cunt. 

Then it happened for her. His hand flicked over her clit and she was cumin. Gone was any attempt to stop him any more. Her hips were fucking back and forth on his fingers. She couldn't control her reaction any more. She was fucking his fingers as she reached up and pulled his mouth down to hers. "Kiss me you son of a bitch and make me cum. You started this now finish me."

Al had intended on doing just that from the first. His mouth was covering her and his tongue was half way down her throat. His other hand slid up under her bikini top and was pulling on her hard nipples. The only thing better would to have his cock deep in her white cunt.

Then it was over for her. She climaxed on his fingers. The scream she made was lost in his open mouth. She collapsed from the sheer pleasure he had given in her.

Al pulled his finger from her. He held her close until she regained her strength. His cock was still rock hard. Only Gail had been satisfied.

When she regained her strength she pushed him away. "Why did you do that?"

"I really couldn't help myself. I have wanted to do you so long."

"You know that this may ruin the friendship we all have together. No one has ever gone this far before."

"They don't have to know. I sure am not going out there and tell them I just brought you to a climax with my fingers."

"You go on back and I will be out in moment. I need to get myself back together."

She went to the bath and cleaned up. She looked at herself in the mirror. The woman looking back at her didn't look any different. She had expected to look different and they would all know what had happened. She finished and returned out to the pool.

She got her a beer and soon one of the men had her up dancing. When he pulled her closer she let him have his way. His hard cock was touching her just above her cunt where Al had been minutes ago. Before the dance was over she was back to her old self.

The night continued as they had all the other times. The men were taking every opportunity to touch the women and the women were making sure they didn't get in their way. All of them were ready for bed and they called it a night. Each one hurrying home to fuck their spouse.

Gail had recovered by the time the party was over. She and Mike headed to their room to finish up what had started earlier that afternoon. 

Gail pulled off her swimsuit on the way up the stairs. Mike did the same. By the time the bed was thrown back she was on it and reaching for her husband to come to her. No foreplay was needed for either of them. She spread her legs and he slid his cock home. The heat from her body was almost too much for him to handle. All the pussies he had come close to that night could not compare to his wife. 

Mike fucked her with all the power he had. She was giving just as good as she got. All their married life sex was one thing they never grew tired off. The first time could not last long and he drove deep and dumped his load of juice deep in her cunt. She climaxed as he filled her body with his hot cum. Soon he rolled over next to her and put his arm around her.

"You sure or hot tonight. What went on when Al came in the house?"

"You know Al, he wanted to kiss and I let him."

"Is that all? He has kissed you many times before."

Gail propped up on her elbow and looked down at her husband watching her. "Mike, if I ask you something will you tell me the truth?"

"I have never lied to you."

"Have you ever been with any of the other women?"

"What do you mean. You see me with them ever other week."

"You know what I mean. Have you ever slept with one of them?"

"No."

"How far have you been with them?"

"Oh a touch here and there. Letting them feel my cock rubbing against them while we dance."

"Have you ever had your hand in there panties?"

"Is this a trick question or do you have something else in mine?"

"Just answer me."

"Yes, a couple of them, out in the pool."

"What did they do?"

"I think they enjoyed it. At least I didn't get slapped for it. What is all this leading up to?"

"Al got his hand under my suit tonight. I tried to push him away but he got his fingers in me and I couldn't get him to stop. Then it was to late; he made me cum on his fingers. I couldn't help myself. It was the first time one of them has ever got under my clothes before." She looked over at him to see how he was taking it

"Gail, the way we all party together it is a wonder that we all don't end up in one big bed. Al has had a big crush on you for years. The entire group knows it. Even Lois, I think that is why he hasn't married her. I am not surprised that he did it. Do you want me to say anything to him about it?"

"No. Maybe I am making too much out of it. Since you did it to some others I don't feel so bad about it. He will probably be his old self the next time we have a party."

The talk had them both ready and he fucked her again. As she climaxed she thought about Al and his hand up her cunt. She screamed again as she climaxed.

The summer moved on. Each party was much like the others. Gail paid more attention to what the others were doing in and out of the water. She was pretty sure that most of the other women were getting more than just a quick feel. She wondered how long this had been going on. She got the opportunity later in the week when Cindy stopped by.

They were in the kitchen having a cup of coffee when Gail asked; "Can I ask you a personal question?"

"Sure, shoot."

"How far have you gone with the husbands in our group?"

Cindy blushed and Gail knew she had chosen the right one to ask. "What makes you think I have done anything other than what we see at the parties?"

"Cindy, don't get mad about me asking, but I have been watching you and Bill and I am sure something else is going on."

"Look Gail, this is just between you and me. If Tom found out I don't know what he would do. Bill and I have had sex several times the last month. Not on a regular basis but often enough. I know that Alice has been with Ralph before. She likes to brag about him having a big black cock. I am sure Tom has been with Maxine before."

Gail could not believe how blind she had been. "What about Mike?"

"I don't think Mike has been with any of us. If anyone could get to Mike it would be Lois. He spends a lot of time with her. I think you have been with another one or you would not be asking all these questions."

"I haven't but Al has sure been pushing me."

"He has told all the others that he is going to get you before the summer is over."

"Did he tell Mike that?"

"No, but I am sure Tom or Bill might have told Mike. You need to be careful, Mike might be watching closer than you think."

Each day was the same for Gail. She slept late and fixed a late breakfast. After the cleaning, which never took very long she was out by the pool. For a blond she tanned easy. She had to watch and make sure that she didn't over do it. The location of the house let her slip off her suit and tan in the nude. Mike liked the all over tan she was showing around the house. Each night was made up of sex, hot hot sex. Some mornings Mike had to struggle to get to work.

One afternoon after lunch she was sunning with her suit tossed over the back of her chair. The front door bell rang. She moved over to the remote and asked who it was. "Me Al."

"What are you doing home this time of day?"

"Let me in and I will tell you."

"Come on around the house. I am out by the pool." She quickly slipped on the bottoms and was tying up the top as he came around the corner.

AL knew that she must have been sunning naked when he rang. "You don't have to put that back on because of me." He had a smile on his face as he teased her. Gail couldn't help but like him because of his always-smiling face.
