 When we want a getaway weekend my husband and I take off for New York City: the arts are multi-dimensional, there are great restaurants, fantastic museums; and, unbelievable shopping. This time it also provided a once in a lifetime experience as a bonus.

When we arrived on Friday, we went to the hotel, unpacked and just had enough time to make our 6PM dinner reservation. At the restaurant I was seated on the banquette and my husband across from me. There was no table to the left and the hostess sat another couple at the table to the right of us. We ordered a drink and began to settle in for a nice evening of people watching and over-eating! We began to talk to the couple next to us and found that they were from Chicago and this was their first trip to New York. They had a million questions for us after learning that we previously lived in Manhattan and were quite familiar with the sights.

The couple, Nicky and Jamie were good fun. Jamie is in his late 40s-early 50s, an engineer and very attractive. He is about 6 feet, 190 pounds, rugged face and, obviously, spent time in the gym. Nicky was strikingly beautiful: auburn hair, green eyes, about 5'4", 110 pounds and white, porcelain, skin. Because of the clothes they were wearing it was hard to tell much else. They had 2 children and lived on the North Shore.

We had a fun time with them but had to leave early to get to the theater. In a city of 8 million people it's hard to believe but the next day I was trying on clothes in one of my favorite stores and when I came out of the dressing room my husband was standing there talking to Jamie and Nicky. The guys continued to talk and Nicky and I went back into the dressing room to do our "thing".

It was fun! What was also fun was getting the chance to see Nicky more closely- she was a real knockout! She had shapely legs, a small waist, a great butt and beautiful natural breasts. No wonder Jamie was always smiling!

By the time we emerged, my husband had invited the couple to join us for lunch at one of our favorite little Italian bistros on Madison Avenue. We once again had a lot of fun with our new "friends", found that we were both staying at the same hotel and were both leaving on Sunday morning. We also learned that they were going to a Saturday show on Broadway and we were off to a very special anniversary dinner at our favorite spot on E. 52nd. Street. So, we said our goodbyes:

The guys shook hands and the girls kissed the guys on the cheek and off we went. That evening I really wanted to wear something that would make my husband happy; so, I put on a little black silk halter top with shoestring shoulder straps and- something I almost never do- left my bra off. My husband was in his usual nicely tailored suit. We were celebrating 50 years since our first date and, if I admit it myself, we looked terrific!

My husband is 5'8", about 170 pounds, was an athlete most of his life and except for a little tummy he looks pretty good! Still the cutest guy I've ever met with a twinkle in his eye! He also thinks I'm still drop-dead gorgeous and, although I won't admit it out loud, I know that I still turn heads. I'm 5'4", 114 pounds, have almond shaped brown eyes, a cute little turned up nose, wonderful legs and thighs and a pretty solid round butt since I work out 3x a week. And my breasts, well, they're 36Ds and my vaginal area is always perfectly groomed with a V-patch of black pubic hair. My husband's a guy and always wants me to show off my body and wear sexy clothes and I, on the other hand, have always been ultra conservative and am almost always covered. In fact, I rarely think about sex, have never had a sex dream; and, as crazy as it sounds, have never fantasized about sex. All that was about to change!!

When my husband saw my halter top I thought he'd feint on the spot! He was what's called a "happy man"! I felt a little uneasy without my bra but when I saw how happy I made my husband, and knowing that I was 100 miles from home, I dealt with the circumstances. I actually felt sexy and naughty. We had a couple of glasses of champagne, a wonderful French meal, and topped the repast with a brandy souffle.

As we were walking back to the hotel we decided to go to a little piano bar on the Upper East Side. The place is relatively small with booths, a couple of tables and a long bar. The piano-man was at his spot and playing swing and Billy Joel songs. We were lucky to get a small table for two near the bar. The night, so far, had been perfect- little did I know that it would get better.

I ordered a Proseco and my husband got a Pinot Noir. Not 5 minutes passed when someone approached me from behind and whispered in my ear: "you look fantastic!". I turned and there were Jamie and Nicky. They read about the piano bar and wanted to get a nightcap. When they saw us walk in they had to say hello. They only stayed for a few minutes before we , once again, kissed them goodbye. We stayed to finish our drinks, sang a couple of songs and headed back to the hotel.

When we got back to our room, my husband went to take a shower and I began reading while waiting for him to finish. All of a sudden there was a knock at the door. I looked out the peep hole and there were Jamie and Nicky standing there waving bottles of champagne. I was shocked to see them and couldn't figure out how they found us. Turns out that we shared that we were staying in the same hotel and when we left lunch the waiter mentioned our last name when leaving the check; so, mystery solved. Anyway, I opened the door and let them into the living room of our suite.

I told my husband about our visitors and he came into the room in a robe and sat on one of the chairs. Nicky sat in another chair opposite and across the room while Jamie and I sat on one of the couches. Nicky got up and opened the first bottle of bubbly and we both began recapping our trip to the big city. On my second glass, Jamie leaned over and whispered that he would really like to kiss me. I thought it was a joke and started laughing while telling my husband and Nicky what he said.

My husband responded by saying, what the heck, let him kiss you- what's the big deal? We were all getting a little high from the drinks and I turned to Jamie and said "go ahead". Well, I thought it was going to be a little peck on the cheek or lips but he leaned into me and planted a full kiss on my lips- with tongue. I was completely taken aback but not in a bad way! I really enjoyed his kiss and let him touch my braless breast at the same time. I liked it, Jamie seemed to like it and my husband and Nicky were laughing and applauding; so, they thought it was good too. While all this was going on I noticed that Nicky, who was across from my husband, had slightly parted her legs and hiked up her dress just far enough to reveal that she was not wearing any panties. What the heck is going on here??!!

It was a little too much for me so I said that I was going to excuse myself and take a shower to cool down. I went into the bathroom, looked in the mirror, smiled, pinched my pussy and got into the shower. A couple of minutes later I heard the door open but the steam from the shower didn't allow me to see anything. All of a sudden, Jamie steps into the shower completely nude!

Aside from my husband (and the movies) I have never seen a nude man. I didn't know what to do so I just stood there looking at this person that I met just yesterday. I was so startled that I didn't even take the time to try to cover up my body—that's only been seen and touched by my husband. For me it was quite an eyeful. Without clothes,, I could see that Jamie was really well built. Broad shoulders, hairless chest, muscular arms and strong hands All that aside, my eyes went directly to his penis. It was so different than the one that I've loved for 50 years! 

First of all, Jamie was not circumcised and even in its semi-erect state was longer and much thinner than my husband's thick cock. Although I've never touched another penis, when Jamie asked me to put my hand on it I didn't hesitate. I really wanted to- I wanted to see what would happen with all the added skin and how it would affect his erection. 

It didn't take long to find out. My simple touch caused an immediate erection- it was a beautiful sight. We soaped each other and Jamie put his arms around me, his rock hard penis was pressing on my abdomen. He slowly turned me around and began to run his penis up and down the crack in my butt without ever attempting to enter. The upward stroke on my slick, soapy, wet butt felt great but it was the downward stroke that was unbelievable. He took his penis all the way down my butt and aimed it right at my vagina and clitoris. It was mind-blowing and I couldn't resist playing with myself as he did this. My legs were so weak I was shaking and my first orgasm started. I knew it wouldn't be the last as I'm blessed with the ability to have multiple orgasms.

We stayed in the shower only a few minutes longer. When we got out he sat on the edge of the sink and asked that I give him oral. I stood between Jamie's legs and began stroking, licking, sucking and fondling his penis. I was loving it, his penis was perfect for me and I really enjoy giving and getting oral. It didn't take long and Jamie began to cum. He came in my mouth, on my face and in my hair- it was quite the load. It was so plentiful that it trickled off my face and out of my mouth covering my breasts with his cum while some slid all the way to my pubic area. I asked if we should shower again and he said that he wanted the cum to stay wherever it landed on my body. We both put the hotel robes on and went to join my husband and Nicky.

To my surprise my husband had taken Nicky's blouse off to expose her very ample and lovely natural breasts and huge nipples and was now kneeling between her thighs kissing her pussy. She had absolutely no pubic hair and was completely clean shaven- it looked so enticing, even to me! I thought I might get angry or jealous but I didn't- I actually got even more turned on! When they saw us approaching we all agreed to adjourn to the bedroom.

The king sized bed was perfect. The men were on each end, Nicky was between me and my husband and I was between Nicky and Jamie. It was a party! Jamie started to give me oral- he went from my pussy to my tushy. He was superb. While this was going on, Nicky was completely undressed and my husband began to eagerly kiss her breasts, shoulders, stomach and pussy. Everyone was making noise and the scent in the room was pure sex.

When Jamie finished with my pussy he asked that I sit astride and face him. I knew that he wanted to enter me but since menopause I've been reluctant because of the pain that my husband's thick penis causes. I took another look at this "new" 8" penis and had to have it. So, I took my cum soaked pussy that had both his and my juices on full display and slowly sat down on his long, skinny cock. It was wonderful- he went deeper than my husband, hit spots that have never been hit before and there was no pain. Unbelievable!

Next to me I noticed a couple of things. While Jamie and I were entwined I saw him reach out his hand to hold Nicky's hand for a minute. It was a very sensitive thing to do and I thought it was great. While I was humping Jamie, my husband and Nicky were in the missionary position and he was on top of her and right next to me. He too did something I adored, he leaned over and kissed me. It was such a loving thing to do.

Shortly after both guys had their orgasms the two men fell sound to sleep leaving Nicky and me next to each other panting. Without warning or expectation, Nicky rolled over and started to lightly stroke the front of my body. Not knowing what to do since never being with another woman, I reluctantly reciprocated as the thought of any sex act with another woman always repulsed me. But this was different. Her breasts were much more sensitive than mine and I began kissing them. We then kissed each other on the lips- another first for me- and the sensations were so different than those of a man. We made love slowly in a soft, comforting and sensual way. We touched each other, masturbated each other, kissed each other's clitoris and vagina; and, caressed each others bodies. It was truly a wonderful way to conclude the evening's lovemaking session.

When I awoke the next morning, Jamie and Nicky had collected their clothes and had already left the room. My husband was in the bathroom. It was so quiet and peaceful and I was all by myself in a big comfortable bed. My pussy was still pulsating and moist from the night's activities. I had no alternative but to gently message my clitoris to another 3 or 4 orgasms- it was delightful. My how I love New York!!

*

Written and submitted by: sar1953

Categories: Group- Mature- First time