 With my still rock hard cock pointing the way, I got up refilled my coffee cup and stepped outside. I found myself scanning the fences, for places that neighbors could look over, something I'd never thought of while in a bathing suit. Dave was right. The back yard was pretty private. I plopped myself down in one of the patio chairs and let the suns warmth flow over me. It only took a few minutes to realize why people became nudists. It was very relaxing. 

The dull ache coming from my crotch, did remind me that one part of me was far from relaxed. Spying a bottle of suntan oil nearby, I gave serious consideration to taking care of it and getting myself off. However thoughts of the backyard being only "pretty private" ran through my head. The last thing I wanted was some neighbor to catch me whacking off in Dave and Connie's backyard. So once again, being the chicken, I sat back drank my coffee and tried not to think about it. 

After about 15 minutes, I heard noises from inside the house. I looked up, expecting Dave, but was mildly surprised to see Connie opening the door and coming out to the patio. She looked fantastic, in a short yellow sundress. It was obvious she was braless judging from the way her big boobs gently bounced and swayed with every step.

For a moment, I panic'd and tried to find something to cover myself with. I settled down, remembering that after the night before, it wasn't anything she hadn't seen before. 

"This is nice to come home to," she smiled as she made her way over. 

"Glad you like," I replied. "So where have you been all morning?"

"Day spa," she said sitting down across from me.

"Really? Which one?" I asked as if I would have had a clue about one from another.

"Seems like all of them?"

"Ok, I'll bite," I said. "What do you mean?"

"A little surprise for Dave," she smiled. "Wanna see?" 

"Sure."

Her smile got bigger as she reached down and started lifting the hem of her skirt. My eyes must have gotten as big as her smile as she slowly spread her knees apart and revealed a panty less and freshly waxed pussy.

Her pussy, much like the rest of her looked perfect. Smooth, slightly more pale than the rest of her with the sexiest pair of inner lips...just peeking out.

"Wow," I said, trying to sound calm and cool. I could feel my cock stirring and starting to stiffen. 

"I had to go to three different places this morning," she told me, leaving the skirt at her waist. "Before I found a etesian who could get me in on short notice."

"So how do you like it?"

"Fuck it hurt," as she said it her hand went down and gently rubbed the raw skin. "Surprisingly it hurt less when she got to my butt."

"I would have thought you would be a little sore there anyway," I said before thinking.

She looked at me seriously for a moment, her hand still down in her lap.

"I see how it is," she finally smiled. "While the cat's away the little mice will hang out and gloat about how they fucked the cat in the ass the night before."

I assured her that Dave and my conversation was not about him bragging. He was just trying to re assure me that he was ok with what had happened between Connie and me.

"Come on," she laughed. "I was just fucking with you. It seems only fair since I told Dave about you stroking that big old' cock in front of me. Making me all hot and bothered. I notice you seem to like Dave's present."

As she said it she moved her left leg over the armrest of the chair she was in. Giving me a perfect view of her now glistening pussy. All this teasing had made her incredibly wet. I could see a small trickle of pussy juice flowing from her pussy down to her hairless ass. 

"Oh that reminds me," she continued. "I got a little something else for you. I mean I didn't want poor Rick to feel left out."

I could feel my pulse crashing in my ears as she gently placed her perfect size 9 foot in my lap. The skin was soft, supple and smelled vaguely of coconut lotion. Her toenails were a little shorter than the night before and painted bright neon pink. My cock, which had been on the road to flaccid, shot up harder than ever as she wiggled her toes, tantalizingly close to it. 

"So I take it you approve?"

"God yes."

"Turn you on?"

"Yes."

She looked over her shoulder for a second, and then she asked:

"Want me to touch your cock with them?"

"More than anything."

I let out a groan as she shifted her foot until her toes were touching my balls. I watched her toes gently kneed them for a few seconds before she ran them up the length of my cock. My hips started to thrust when she brought up her other foot and wrapped them both around my now throbbing cock. 

"Oh my God," I exclaimed, my voice just above a whisper. "You have no idea how long I have fantasized about this happening."

"My guess is since the first time you saw me barefoot," she smiled. "To be honest, it's been a fantasy of mine ever since Tess told me about you and feet."

Connie went on to tell me how wet she'd become feeling the silky softness of her panties against her freshly waxed pussy. 

"Just before my pedicure," she told me, still slowly stroking my cock with her perfect toes. "I went into the ladies room. I didn't even bother with a stall. I stood there right in front of the mirror, my skirt up and my panties down around one ankle, watching as I fingered my bald little pussy. It was so hot, watching my finger swirling on my clit. Watching it go in and out of me. I didn't bother to even lock the door. The thought that another woman could walk in at any moment got me so wet.... I came so hard...I"

My eyes were closed. I was picturing it as if I had been there. I wanted to, no needed to, cum so badly it almost hurt. I wanted to spray my cum all over those tan, pumping toes.

"You know, if it was any other weekend," Dave's voice snapped me back to reality. I opened my eyes and saw him standing by us nude, his clean-shaven cock semi hard and getting harder by the second. "And I walked out here to find my wife giving a foot job to a naked guy, it would seem strange. This weekend it just turns me on."

"Glad you approve," she smiled; much to my chagrin pulled her feet away from my cock. She stood, pressed herself against Dave and gave him a kiss. 

"Where have you been all morning?" he asked.

"Getting you a present," she smiled. "Wanna see?"

He nodded. She once again reached down for the hem of her skirt, this time she didn't stop until she'd taken it completely off. 

After almost a decade of knowing her, this was the first time I'd seen her nude. Her body was even more incredible than I had imagined. Her boobs were an easy D cup, with big thick sun darkened nipples. Her ass, full and round with the slightest hint of ghetto booty going on. If I hadn't been hard before seeing her nude, I know I would rock solid in record time. 

"Holy shit," Dave exclaimed his unblinking eyes staring at her pussy. "You got it done." 

"Yes I did," she said running her hand down the front of her body. "Front and back."

She then bent over, showing Dave her ass. He reached out and ran his index finger from her tailbone, down between her cheeks. She sighed when his finger brushed her ass hole and let out an animalistic moan as he plunged two fingers into her sopping wet pussy. She backed into his hand a few times, forcing his fingers deeper and deeper into her.

"God that feels good to have someone else do that," she moaned. She added as an extra tease. "I've been doing it all day, my fingers just aren't big enough."

She pulled away after a few more thrusts of Dave's fingers and turned to me.

"Rick," she said, catching her breath. "I would have offered earlier, but I wanted Dave to be the first one to touch."

"Gee thanks Hon." Dave joked.

"Well, you waited so long for this," she said once again touching herself. She turned back to me and said: "So in all fairness, that is if you would like to take the next obvious step here, you more than welcome to touch me too."

"Anywhere you want," she added, running her hands over her big boobs.

I hesitated for a second and looked Dave's way.

"Go ahead," he said.

I stood, my hard cock sticking straight out from my body. I closed the gap between us, pulled her close to me until our bodies were touching, reached behind her and gently cupped the cheeks of her ass. 

"Is it ok for him to kiss you?" Dave asked. 

Her answer was to bring her hands up and pull my face into hers. Our lips met, then separated. The second time they touched, I felt her soft wet tongue parting my lips. I moaned into her mouth as she pressed against my rock hard cock that was wedged between us. Figuring that one good turn deserves another, I gently parted her ass cheeks and ran the tip of my middle finger over her tight little butt hole. I reached down further and slid my finger into her wet pussy. It was her turn to moan into mine. 

I pulled my mouth away and started kissing her neck. Working my way down to her magnificent tits. I took one nipple into my mouth while I continued to work two fingers in and out of her pussy. Her hips were thrusting forward to meet my hand, she was getting wetter and wetter each time I plunged my fingers inside of her. When I slowed my thrusting down, I could feel her pussy contracting around my fingers. I knew she was getting close to cumming. I pushed my two fingers deep, as far as they would go, inside of her. Connie started grinding her clit into the heel of her hand.

"Oh God," she moaned. "Rick you're going to make me cum. Oh fuck! Keep your hand still. I'm gonna cum all over your hand."

Her wet pussy clamped down on my fingers. She moaned, first quietly, but it soon got louder and louder. The louder she got, the tighter her pussy gripped my fingers. She humped her pussy against my hand one final time.

"Oh my God that was good." She said as she eased herself back down on the deck chair. "You and Dave are the only guys who have ever made me cum that hard."

"Only guys huh?" Dave joked. "That could be taken a couple of different ways."

"And well it should," Connie smiled.