 She is probably my closest friend. I have known Lynn for almost two decades now. We had the same circle of friends in college and would often call each other as fallback dates, strictly platonic of course. The two of us spent a lot of time together in those years. In fact, acquaintances often mistook us for a couple. All through school, I fielded the statements, "Too bad you two aren't really dating, you're perfect for each other" and "Josh, the two of you should just sleep together and get it over with."  

I did love Lynn. But, in a way it was like kissing my sister. It was an enjoyable experience the one time we kissed. But I enjoyed how we were with each other on a daily basis more. I didn't want to ruin it by getting all involved romantically. So, we never went any further than that one time, that one kiss. That, and maybe I just was not experienced enough then. I might have just been chicken.

Obviously, our history is long and detailed. We've kept in close contact since our college days despite living three hours away in separate cities and separate lives. Lynn was present for my wedding with Kate. She was also one of the first to visit when each of my kids were born. In fact, the kids now call her Auntie Lynn, which makes it even more of an ironic "sister-like" relationship. She made the trek to sit on the couch and watch football with me when I had my vasectomy. She and Kate would alternate fetching me the packages of peas and corn (the ice). I, in return, have been there to hear all the horrors of dating as a 30 and (now) 40 year-old, adult woman. And at every one of our friend's weddings we dance, laugh, and make the wedding bet that she can/won't take home the cute bartender boy. I usually lose that bet as she winks at me on her way out the door at the end of the evening arm-in-arm with said lucky bartender.

Kate and Lynn get along as well as can be expected. There was no way initially for them to be great friends. There was simply too much stuff in the way, namely me. In fact, for a time Kate believed I was having an affair with Lynn. I guess I can understand why she would say that, too. First, we are physically affectionate with each other. We greet each other with a peck on the lips. Second, when in business in Los Angeles, I often chose to stay with Lynn at her one bedroom apartment (although I have always slept on the couch). But, thirdly, Kate's concern came mainly from her own hormones during the pregnancy with our two kids. It just stuck in her head that way. She knows and understands now. I haven't ever and won't ever cheat on her. I love Kate and we have a great, healthy, growing relationship as husband and wife.

So last Friday, Kate took our kids to Los Angeles to board a plane. The kids are spending a few weeks with my parents at my family cottage on a lake in the mid-west. Kate was obviously apprehensive to have the kids fly alone. But we worked out all the details with the airline and my parents would be right there to pick them up at the gate. I was supposed to go with them to see them off, too. However, at the last minute I couldn't go. A work project started spiraling out of control and needed my immediate attention. Kate was not happy having to drive alone. But there was nothing either of us could do about it. 

Kate called me from the airport to confirm everything went just fine. The kids had been excited and had no issues with being alone for the next few hours. Kate was allowed to accompany them as far as the gate and talked with the flight attendant in charge who took the kids to their seats. Although Kate was still worried, she didn't show it to the kids and was comforted by the likeable, responsible attendant.

"I'm a nervous wreck right now," she said on her cell. "I won't be able to concentrate on anything until I hear their voices on your parent's cell phone in Chicago."

"Can you drive?" I inquired. I was concerned about L.A. traffic and the fact that Kate was not the world's best driver. She gets distracted easily and is not familiar with L.A. one bit. In fact, she hates the L.A. freeways with a passion.

"No. Not right now," she agreed. I was relieved to hear her admit it. "What should I do? I don't want to hang at Starbucks for the next four hours. The beach, maybe?"

My mind flashed to Lynn. It was a Saturday morning. She would most likely be home and she's only a couple of miles from the airport.

"Call Lynn. I'll bet she'd meet you somewhere. Or, you could just go hang at her place until my dad calls. Then you should feel more comfortable to drive." I wasn't real sure she'd go for it. Kate has never been to Lynn's place before. I figured she'd hedge that idea and go shopping or something.

"Hell yeah! That sounds great," she replied sounding much better all of sudden. I was happy to hear her so enthusiastic about it. I thought it interesting she was so open to the idea.

So, Kate got in touch with Lynn and drove over to her house. She was there in a few short minutes and spent the rest of the morning chatting away and drinking coffee. About four hours later, I got the call from my dad. The kids had a blast on the plane and they were now on their way to the cottage. I immediately called Kate.

When she answered her cell I could hear laughing and then music in the background. "Hello?" Kate sounded like she didn't know who was calling, although I know I was identified on her phone. But she was upbeat. 

"They arrived. You can stop worrying now," I informed her.

"Great. I actually haven't thought much about it since I got here," Kate replied. "Lynn is a fabulous host. We're having such a great time."

In the background I could hear familiar music from the '80s. But I couldn't put my finger on what band.

"Good, I'm glad," I said a bit too somberly. I was, no doubt a bit envious. "Tell her I said hi and ask her when she's going to come visit us again."

" 'K," was her only reply. There was a brief pause.

"I've got about an hour and this project can be put to bed," I continued. "You hittin' the road soon?" I was eager to have Kate at home alone sans kids.

"Yeah," she paused again sounding like she didn't want to leave. "Lynn wants to take me out to lunch. I'll make the trek home after that. I figure if traffic isn't bad I'll be home before dinner. Does that work for you?"

It was fine. I'd have a couple of hours at home to myself. I never mind that kind of quiet. So we finished up. And that was that. Kate arrived home later that evening. I had dinner ready and we had a wonderful evening without the kids around.

In fact, we had a wonderful week. Kate and I had more sex and fun in one week than just about any other week in our marriage. I'd venture to say the sex was better than our honeymoon, too. But if this week was good, it only added fuel to the fire and hinted toward even more fun on the upcoming weekend as Kate and I had plans to go to Las Vegas for a couple of nights. We wanted to take advantage of no kids and escape.

I got out of work at noon on Friday. We wanted to hit the road early enough to beat out the majority of the traffic. We were in Vegas and checking into TheHotel by 6 p.m. Now, TheHotel is one of my favorite places to stay. It is modern, stylish, and has one of the best views of the strip from the bar at the top. The suites are simply elegant with dark wood and black leather furniture. The suite I like to reserve has a separate living area with a wet bar and large, flat screen t.v. The bathrooms, yes, two of them, are marble and spacious. And the king bed is awesome.

Kate loves this place, too. Upon arriving she immediately kicked off her shoes, flopped on the couch, and turned on the large flat screen. Normally, I'd be slightly miffed. We didn't come all the way to Las Vegas to sit on a couch and watch t.v. But, you have to see this hotel. It is more comfortable than home and way more sleek, stylish, and fun. There is nothing like the luxury of a first class hotel suite. As much as we like to gamble, eat, drink, and play, just hanging out in this suite is a blast.

"So, what do you want to do for dinner?" I hinted, attempting to nudge us out and explore a bit.

"I don't know. I want to save Aureole or Red Square for another night. Let's just go to that burger place in the mall section. Remember?" she asked. Those are a few of our favorite places and we've enjoyed them so much we keep coming back. Creatures of habit, I guess. 

"The Burger Bar, yeah," I confirmed. "I'm up for that." I paused and watched a few minutes of the movie on the screen. It was The Banger Sisters. Goldie Hawn made a joke about a banana hammock. We both snorted at the reference. Kate can't resist this kind of movie. "Can I shower first? The drive...." I interrupted.

"Yeah. Go ahead," waving her hand, keeping her eyes on the screen, "I'm not starved right now anyway. I'm going to pull out one of the bottles of wine we packed in a few minutes. Oh, can you go get me some ice, honey? Before you get in the shower?" Her tone changed and became sweeter when she asked for the favor. And of course, I agreed.

I grabbed the bucket and headed down the hall. I filled it up and returned. I dumped the ice in the wet bar sink and pulled out a bottle from the wine carrier. I plunged it in the ice.

"You might need more ice in bit," I stated. "I'll get some more when I get out of the shower, 'kay"

"'Okay," was all I got from her.

I took off my shirt hoping to draw Kate's attention from the moving screen on the wall. Now, I'm no model, but I keep in fairly good shape. I've worked hard to get a decent body at 40 plus years of age. I eat well, go to the gym three times a week to lift weights, and do my fair share of aerobic activity to keep the fat content as minimal as possible. I have zero aspirations to be a body builder, but I'm toned and in the best shape of my life.

But, Kate ignored my moderate strip tease and I felt a little dejected. Granted, most people don't have sex the minute they walk into a hotel room, but some sort of playfulness would've been appreciated right now. We were in Las Vegas for heaven sakes.

"There's room for two in there," I said unbuckling my belt while simultaneously going heal to toe in an attempt to kick of my shoes. I still had hope.

"Josh," she turned and looked me straight in the eye, "we ARE going to have sex, maybe even a lot of sex. I promise. Right now I just want to zone out for a bit. Take your shower. Then we'll go eat, o.k.?"

I backed off. Pushing never works anyway. I picked up my shoes and walked into the bedroom area. I threw them next to my small suitcase. I flung my shirt onto the middle of the big bed as I walked into the bathroom.

There was a t.v. in the bathroom wall. I had forgotten about that fact. Banger Sisters or SportsCenter? I decided against more t.v. I dropped my jeans and pealed my black boxer-briefs to the floor. I picked them up and set them on the counter. My reflection didn't look too bad. My cock was slightly engorged 'cause I was horny. I was glad I did my manscaping a week ago. My pubic hair was minimal and trimmed. I don't have the six-pack abs I'd like, but there is some muscle definition there. I even looked a little tan from the weekend yard work. If I was going to have sex later, I figured I should shave off this stubble from my face. I pulled my razor and cream out of my kit. I unwrapped a bar of hotel soap and headed for the shower. Just before I turned the water on, I heard Kate's cell phone ring. She answered with a loud, "Hey. There you are!" I lost the rest to the white noise of the shower. I stepped in and moaned to myself in the relaxing warmth.

The shower was spacious. It had a seat and was surrounded with glass. I turned the nozzle on to the strongest, massager mode and let it beat up on my road weary back muscles. It's the lower back that gets tight. It felt good, but I really needed strong fingers. And as much as I love my wife, Kate doesn't posses good back massage technique. She has weak finger strength. I switched the shower back to a warm stream, lathered up to shave my face, and scraped away my stubble. I rinsed off and opened the door, grabbing one of those wonderful, thick hotel towels. 

I opened the door to let some of the steam out and wrapped the towel around my waist. 

"Kate," I inquired, "did you open the wine?"

"Yeah, want some?" she asked.

"Please," I said turning back toward the counter and the mirror in the bathroom. "That sounds great."

I pulled my deodorant and lotion out of my kit. This Vegas weather in July was already killing my skin and I'd only arrived less than an hour ago.

Kate walked in with a glass in either hand, "Josh?" She set my glass of Viognier down next to the sink. I looked at her through the mirror. She'd completely changed in attitude and had a look to her I couldn't identify. It was part apologetic maybe, part excitement, with a bit of mischief, but very sexy. She had let her dark brown hair down. It was no longer in the travel ponytail. So it cascaded around her face and tumbled on her shoulders.

"Yeah," I muttered. I picked up my glass, "thanks."

"You are very welcome," she said crisply. Kate leaned her hip against the countertop and faced me directly. I looked over my shoulder at her. She wanted my attention. "We are going to have a ... very ... good ... weekend."

I cocked my head, "Yeah?" I said slowly. Something was distinctly different right now. "What are you up to?"

"Well, for starters, I've changed my mind about dinner. I called and made a reservation at Red Square. I feel like dressing up a bit more now that I've relaxed," she explained. She stopped and took a sip of wine while looking at me over the to edge of the glass.

"And?" I continued. My hand motioned for the information I knew was still to come. But there was a knock at the hall door. Kate smiled wickedly and sort of giggled in her glass as she took another big sip. It was a bigger than normal sip.

"Go get the door," she laughed. It was a demand, not a request.

"I'm not dressed," I complained. I actually whined and my voice went up much too high for even my taste. I hate it when I lose a bit of vocal self-control. But, I was caught off guard and I wasn't in charge at the moment. There was another knock at the door.

"Which is so perfect," she continued her hand in the air, her fingers flicking me to go do it, "now GO! Get .... The.... Door." 

I sort of backed out of the bathroom with her following me, pushing me. She was up to something for sure now and I had the feeling if I just answered the door the mystery would be solved.

"I'm confused," I chuckled away my lack of control. I regained my composure enough so that I was no longer whimpering and uncomfortable. I tried to just play and laugh at my predicament. By now, I was already down the little entryway to the main door. I knew very well she wasn't going to tell me who was waiting in the hallway. I turned to open the door, but decided to take a peak in the little eyehole.

"Oh, just open the damn door," she said loud enough to be heard outside in the hallway. There was a familiar burst of laughter on the other side of the door. I hadn't really gotten a look anyway, so I just turned the handle and pulled the door open wide. I had to hold the towel together at my waist. It wasn't staying together on it's own.

I don't really know the order of thoughts that flew threw my mind at that very moment. I was simply stunned. If I had a few questions before, I had even more now.

Lynn looked beautiful standing in the hallway. She was wearing a white linen blouse and a pair of black shorts. She had a small, rolling suitcase with a coordinated black hat hanging on the long, suitcase handle. I noticed her red painted toes in black sandals.

"Hi," Lynn smiled brightly. No, she beamed. It was her big, toothy, white, clean, gracious smile and it was coupled with a knowing gleam in her eye.

"Um," I stammered and looked back to Kate.

"Let her in, Josh," Kate laughed. I moved out of the way for Lynn to enter. She glided through the door and kissed me on the cheek as she passed. Her suitcase made rhythmic clicks rolling over the tile. A suitcase?

"You didn't tell him I was coming yet," Lynn revealed as she and Kate hugged their hello.

"No, I was about to. But you got here too quickly," Kate laughed. "Wine?"

I let go of the door. It closed hard. I trailed them back into the living space and just stood there holding my towel together. Lynn looked back at me with that big grin on her face. She sat her ass back on the edge of the desk. Kate poured the wine.

"So. You two have cooked something up. What don't I know?" I pleaded for some understanding while still trying to sound masculine with some semblance of self-control. See, in the span of about two minutes, my mind raced through a ton of questions, logistics, and issues. I figured out immediately they must have worked this through last weekend. That was the 'when'. The 'who' and the 'where' parts were fairly obvious to me as they were both here at the same time in this hotel room. The questions I had centered mostly round the 'what' and the 'why'.

Now, if you've read the other stories I've posted on Literotica, you'll already know the recent trysts my wife and I have had with other women, two other women at two other times within the last year to be exact. We don't have threesomes often. Those previous two were it in the entire ten plus years of our marriage. Both times I felt were just a gift, a one time only deal. I was grateful, but have never insisted or asked for them again. So, you can understand my surprise and you can also understand why my mind jumped to the thought of another threesome.

Still, this was Lynn. I mean, this was Lynn. LYNN! The first two threesomes were with Kate's friends. Lynn was a close friend of mine. So, I was a bit confused with this idea. And I decided to let the 'what' and the 'why' play themselves out on their own. 

Kate handed the wine glass to Lynn. They 'clinked', took a sip, and turned to look at me standing there.

"Why don't you take Lynn's bag into the other room and get some clothes on," Kate suggested. "Oh," she thought of something and turned to Lynn, "I made a reservation at Red Square for the three of us. Have you ever been there?"

"No. I always stay up at Ceasars or Paris when I come to Vegas," Lynn answered as I moved across the room to get her suitcase.

Holding my towel tight to my waist, I leaned in to pick the suitcase up and whispered to both of them, "I'm a bit confused. But," I paused, "I'll wait."

They giggled. Lynn cocked her head sideways, "Auhhhh." She pitied me in my state. But she was still sort of giggly.

I took the case into the room. I didn't know where to put it. Was she really staying with us? Was she sleeping in the king bed with us? Or, might I be jumping to conclusions and would do the gentlemanly thing and sleep on the couch? That couldn't be the plan, could it? Kate said we'd have sex. 

I set the bag over by the window. I needed my wine and went in search of where I left it. It was still in the bathroom on the counter. I picked it up and took a swig. It was still cool. The outside of the glass was wet because of the humidity in the room. I could hear the girls talking. My head was foggy, too.

From the living room I heard, "This is an incredible suite," Lynn said admiringly. "Nice choice!"

"It is our favorite place. It's expensive, but worth every penny," Kate agreed.

"So, what do you think, Josh?" Lynn yelled from other room. "Is it ok with you? Can I crash this little party with you and Kate?" she was now walking into the bathroom.

"Absolutely," I said and turned back to face the door. I realized an upcoming erection was starting to tent the towel out a bit.

Kate appeared over Lynn's shoulder, "Some rules, first?" It wasn't really a question. "ONE," she paused, "One, the Las Vegas motto applies. What happens here stays here, right?" My penis swelled a bit as I realized the question of 'what' was just now being answered.
