 Last weekend, which was the hottest weekend of the year, I had to spend in work, so the plumbers could fix our toilet. I hadn't been looking forward to it, but actually turned out much better than expected. I have masturbated every day since, to the memories of fucking the two hot plumbers.

Today, exactly one week later, I was again up early and preparing to go into work on another Saturday. I'd asked Mark and Josh, that's the two plumbers, if they could come back to take a look at the dripping taps in the kitchen. My boss was pleased with my initiative and even gave me £10 to buy another bottle of wine, to keep my company.

I'd taken the time in the shower to make sure I was smooth in all the right places. I decided to wear a bright blue mini skirt, one that I usually only wear on the beach as it was so short. On top, I wore a loose fitting black vest top, which showed my breasts in full view when bending forwards. My breasts are a 32C, so enough for men to enjoy but small enough to forgo a bra every now and again, such as occasions like this.

I had a spring in my step as I walked to the office and, as soon as I got in, I took off my knickers, so the preparation was complete ahead of their visit.

Mark and Josh arrived promptly at 9.30am, as arranged. They were wearing jeans and a vest, as per last week, though this week they were sporting stubble on their faces.

"Sophie, hi!" Mark said as he walked in and smacked my bum.

"Hi boys," I replied.

"Nice," Josh said, as he eyed me up and, again smacked my bum, though harder than Mark, causing me to yelp a little.

"So, where's this leaky tap then? Or was that just a line?" Mark asked.

"No, no. There is a leaky tap!" I said as I brushed past them and walked in front of them to the kitchen. When I got to the kitchen sink, I leaned a little more than I really needed to, and turned on the tap. Though they would only see my bum cheeks, it would be enough for them to know I was commando.

"Ah I see the problem, it's easy to sort, babe," Josh said, as he saw the water spurting out of the bottom of the tap. Some of the water had splashed onto my chest and was beading its' way down my chest, underneath the vest, to my tits. I could see both plumbers had noticed this.

"I think there's also a problem with the pipes," I said, as I opened the doors underneath the sink and bent down. I was a lot more overt this time as I ensured they had full view of my ass and pussy as I bent down, before squatting on the floor. I felt their breath on the back of my neck as they squatted behind me and observed a small leak coming from the pipe. I then stood up, their heads being at the same level as my ass.

"Simple enough job that, Sophie. Shouldn't take too long," Mark told me, as he traced his hand up the back of my leg, stopping as he reached my ass.

"You can chill out while we work if you like, you seemed to enjoy that last week," Josh said, referring to when he had caught me drinking wine and reading my glossy magazines. 

"Good idea, do shout if you need me," I said.

"Will do, now you go enjoy yourself," Josh said. He then ran his hand up my leg, though unlike his friend he didn't stop, as reached my wetness and roughly rubbed my clit a little, before letting me go.

I sat on the same sofa that Mark and Josh had fucked me on only a week ago. All week, I had struggled to keep a straight face when seeing clients in the exact spot where I had, for the first time, experienced double penetration.

As last week, I poured the wine and sat on the sofa. This time, I hadn't bothered with magazines, so I browsed various social media sites and blogs that I follow. One of the blogs is a sex blog, where the writer shares stories of her sexual exploits and her latest update was of an encounter with a well hung window cleaner. It was pretty hot and I found myself becoming even wetter as I read it.

This was an ideal opportunity, I thought, to see how the plumbers were getting on. I walked in to Josh bent over and working on the tap, and Mark was knelt down working on the pipe. It could be a hugely erotic scene, for those with a dirty mind.

"Now there's a sight which could give a girl wet dreams," I said. The boys both turned round and grinned.

"I don't know what you mean love," Mark said, patting his mate's thigh as he did so.

"So, how's it going?" I asked. As I got to where they were working, I purposely chose to 'inspect' the pipe first, bending a little and leaning forward as I did so. I placed one hand on Mark's shoulder and the other on Josh's leg, to steady myself.

"You came just in the nick of time, as I've just finished the pipe work, see?" Mark said, pointing to the old pipe on the floor and the new one in situ. After running his right hand along the new pipe, he then reached across to where my hand was resting on his left shoulder, and ran his hand up my arm. By now, the strap had fallen down my right shoulder and on to my arm, which Mark noticed.

"I'm just finishing up babe," Josh said, not even looking round as he worked.

"No hurry, I'd rather you do a good job, than a quick job," I said, suggestively, as I ran my hand further up his thigh. He briefly turned round and winked, before he returned to the task at hand.

As Mark and I stood up, I instinctively went to adjust my vest strap. 

"What are you doing that for? I think it looks better as it is," Mark said, as he gripped my hand and observed as the strap fell back to its position on my arm. "In fact, I think it would look better if the other one was the same," he said, as he brushed the other strap, so it fell down my left arm. As it was loose fitting, it only took me to shift my weight a little, for it to fall down to my waist and expose my tits.

"Ooops!" I said, in fake surprise. After last week, I was no longer self-conscious at showing my breasts in front of these two men.

"As I said, looks better this way," Mark said. At first he just stood and watched, though his lust soon got the best of him, as he first kissed my lips and then cheek, followed by my neck, shoulders and finally breasts. I moaned as he did so. He then pulled the vest down over my hips and to the floor, so my midriff was showing. He then traced his tongue down to the waist line of my skirt. He ran his hands under my skirt and teased both my holes with his fingers, causing me to groan even more.

"Don't you two start without me," Josh pleaded "I'm just finishing now!"

"Too late," Mark told him, as he lifted up the front of my skirt and looked at me "Not much of a skirt this, is it Sophie? The kind of thing a whore would wear," he said as he proceeded to kiss and lick my clit. I loved the feel of his stubble against my smooth skin. Mark started gently, but then became more and more ferocious, as I audibly got closer to my first orgasm. My orgasm finally hit as he pushed a finger into my asshole and fucked it with the same rhythm as his tongue on my clit.

"She's in good slut form, pal!" Mark told his friend. He then kissed me so I had to taste my own juices on his tongue. He then smoothed my skirt back down so it covered my pussy, rather than taking it off.

"So I can see!" Josh said, who had finished the tap and was now touching himself over his jeans watching the scene in front of him.

Mark and Josh then told me that they wanted a tour of the office, and they would choose where they would fuck me next. It turned me on to know that they were in full control of my pleasure, so I willingly submitted.

"So you know the reception well..." I said. They both patted my ass before instructing me to continue.

"This is my office..." I said, as we went over the hallway.

"Oh yes, I remember this," Josh said. Last week, we'd had our first physical contact as I had passed him some keys. I half expected them to fuck me here so hovered a little. They told me to move on, and I was a little disappointed.

"Now we're in the secretaries' room," I said as we walked through the adjoining door in my office. 

"So, tell me about the girls who sit in here then," Mark instructed.

"Well, we have Mel, the PA, she works for the head of the practice," I said, pointing to the large desk directly in front of us, "then, on these smaller desks over there, we have Jane and Kelly, who are secretaries for the rest of the team."

"I didn't ask about their jobs, I asked about them," Mark said, slapping my ass hard as he did so. 

"Mel, she's tall, slim with long auburn hair. She's 31 and married," I said.

"And, the others?" Josh asked.

"Jane, she's 22, blonde and bubbly. Kelly, she's 35 - the same as me - and is quite plain looking," I told them. 

"Are their tits as good as yours?" Mark asked.

"Mel's are bigger than mine, and the others about the same. But I can't say if they are better than mine," I told them.

"Well, I think you have pretty great tits," Josh said, as he stood close behind me, and reached round to my front, to play with my nipples.

"What do you think Mel would think if you fucked on her desk?" Mark suggested, looking at the impossibly tidy desk.

"I think she'd be pretty appalled, she's a bit of a prude," I told him. 

"Mmmmmmmm well, that settles it then..." Josh said, as Mark moved the chair, and then he bent me over the desk, so my tits were pressed against the wood.

"Looks like you shaved for us, good preparation slut, I love a smooth pussy," Josh said, as he lifted my skirt and ran his hands over my ass and wet pussy. I then heard the sound of the zipper being undone and the sound of his jeans falling to the floor. He slapped his semi-hard penis against my ass cheek. On the third time, I could feel it was now harder, and it made me groan. Josh then grabbed my long hair and pulled my head back. As he did so, he roughly pushed his cock into my pussy. We both groaned with pleasure. The rougher he fucked me, the harder he pulled my hair, which caused me pain. This only served to make me moan harder and louder, which in turn made him fuck me harder...a kinky vicious circle, if you like.

"Arrrrggghhh!" he called out as he came in my pussy.

After he pulled out of me, I went to get up. "Not so fast, slut!" Mark said aggressively, as he pushed me back onto the desk. "It's my turn," he told me, as he began to finger my pussy, which still had his friend's load in it.

"Mmmmmmmm," I moaned, as I felt him move his fingers move to my ass, using Josh's cum as lubricant for my tight hole, which until last week, was virgin. I then felt his fingers replaced with the head of his cock, teasing me, before pushing into me. I was grateful that he started gently in this new hole. As his pleasure increased, he became less gentle, and he gripped my hips as he fucked me harder. I moaned - a little in pleasure and a little in pain - as he neared his orgasm, and he eventually spilled his load into my ass.

After taking a couple of minutes to recover, I was then instructed to continue the tour. I was told to keep my skirt on, though the two men remained naked. I really wanted to touch them, but they slapped my ass each time I tried.

When we reached my boss's office, which took up the whole of the top floor, with a private dining room for entertaining clients as well as a private bathrooms, it was obvious that the boys' imaginations were fired up as their soft penises began to stir.

The boss's chair was by a window, and as it was the weekend, the blinds were drawn. Mark adjusted them, so that whilst they were half open, and some daylight was shining into the plush office.

"Sit on the chair please, Sophie," Mark instructed.

As I did what I was told, Josh then took my hands and tied them behind the chair with one of my boss's ties, which was hanging on the coat stand next to his desk. Mark then spread my legs and tied each foot separately, but not too tightly, to the bottom of the chair with the two remaining ties. They then adjusted my skirt so my pussy was on show. I was exposed and fully under their control, which was such a turn on.

"I think she likes it," Mark told Josh as he ran his hand over my wetness.

"Do you remember what else she liked? Earlier I mean, when she came in to the kitchen," Josh said.

"Oh yes. She seemed to think it was dirty when I was kneeling next to you," he remembered.

"Do you like the idea of watching two guys?" Josh asked me.

"I've never really thought about it, well til today," I told them.

"I don't believe you, sluts like you always like kinky things like that" Mark said, grabbing a wooden ruler off my boss's desk. Being an architect, one thing you could always guarantee, was a ruler, for when he was working on client matters. He then slapped my clit with it, hardly, showing his displeasure at my answer. I yelped in pain, but then after being hit for a second time, I squirted a little, showing my pleasure.

"So, you wouldn't like if I touched my friend's cock then?" Josh asked. When I didn't respond, he looked at his mate, who nodded, and then proceeded to gently touch it. Mark then responded by reaching across to touch Josh's cock. They didn't exactly go hard at it, but it was enough to illicit another squirt as I watched this erotic scene, at which point they both stopped. From their body language, I think they enjoyed turning me on rather than actually touching each other, but still, it was pretty hot. 

"I told you I didn't believe you," Mark said. 

"Such a slut," Josh said as he knelt down on front of me. He then began to flick my clit with his tongue and tweak my nipples. An orgasm started to build in me, at which point, Josh stopped. 

Mark then stood in front of me, and stroked his large cock which was now standing to attention. He then moved closer, grabbed my hair, and then forced my mouth onto his cock. He proceeded to face fuck me, which I had never had done to me until last week, and this time was a real turn on having my hands tied behind my desk. The more forceful he became, the more my eyes watered and I felt my mascara run down my cheeks. This seemed to turn Mark on more, and he soon came, squirting his cum over my face.

Josh then repeated this, though he was a bit more considerate at first, that was until he got more and more excited, and then became rougher than Mark had. I had no make up left on my eyes by the time he reached his orgasm, and came over my tits. At this point, I felt my final orgasm wash over me.

"Well, this has been fun, Sophie," Mark said, as we made our way downstairs a few minutes later. I felt like quite the slut, with cum still dripping out of my holes as well as being all over my face and chest.

"It has...so, same time next week?" I asked.

"Sadly not babe, sorry, we've got a company night out next Friday, so I don't think either of us will be fit for anything next Saturday," Josh said.

"Oh, that's a shame," I was genuinely disappointed. The boys were putting their clothes on, though I was still stood there wearing only the skirt.

"Well, look, next time you need any plumbing doing, here or at home, give us a call directly," Mark said, giving me his direct number. I had a feeling I might use make use of that number.

"Thanks. Well, I hope you enjoy the night out," I said.

"It's in Bolton, I don't think 'enjoy' is the right word love," Josh joked, as they were leaving.

After they left, I tidied myself up, thanking myself for always carrying my make up with me. Though even after I was clean and fully dressed, I still looked like I had been fucked, particularly with the cum stain on my skirt, which I knew my friends would notice when I met them for lunch. I then tidied the kitchen up and checked the boys' work - which was perfect, and then left. It was only as my friends and I were starting on our first drink that I realised I hadn't tidied the boss's office...