 Wei came to the US full of the excitement and hope that many immigrants had felt before her. She came from China for her last semester of college on a scholarship. She planned to focus on her hotel management studies, but also knew she would need to scrimp and save and earn some money to get by. Upon graduation she hoped to start her own catering business so she could stay in America, a country she had dreamt of living in since she was a little girl. 

Wei had broken up with her Chinese boyfriend before she left and planned to remain single at school so that she could be sure to prioritize her studies. When she first arrived, however, there was one thing she wanted to do in the few days before school started. She very much wanted to try white cock. 

Wei had read online about a party at a neighboring school and decided this would be her chance. She dressed up sexy, in a tiny skirt, knowing nobody will turn away a hot looking girl. Wei was a petite cutie, 5'2", very slim with silky smooth skin, small tits and a tight ass. She had long brown hair, brown eyes and an innocent look.

The party was thrown by a frat and Wei was like blood in the water for sharks when she walked in. Many boys hit on her, and there were even some gropes. Wei had a couple of shots to settle her nerves. She got a lot of attention when she was dancing, at one point sandwiched between two guys. 

Wei was a little relieved when she met Jim, a guy who was shyer and sweeter. He was tall with light hair and blue eyes, very close to what she had hoped for. She told him that she liked him and suggested they could go back to his place. He seemed excited by the idea but noted he had a roommate. Wei assured him that was fine, but when they got there she realized that he did not even have his own room. There was a bed, which she learned was his roommate's and a couch which Jim slept in. The place was a tiny mess.

The roommate was nice enough, a bearded hipster, smoking some weed as he watched tv. A frustrated Wei soon found herself sitting with the two of them watching a movie. Wei had been determined to get fucked and now it looked like she was going to go home unsatisfied. Wei was anxious to get the experience of fucking a white guy out of the way so she could focus on more serious matters. Impulsively, she got more aggressive. 

Wei sat back in the couch, kicked off her shoes and raised her knees. She knew this would result in her short skirt riding up. Her bare legs and even her panties were now exposed to Jim, who was sitting close beside her. She saw both Jim and his roommate were very aware. 

Wei reached over and stroked Jim's leg through his pants while they watched. She was casual, but made sure her hand went high. At one point she thought she has brushed against his cock, and a quick glance confirmed he was hard, a tent pushing up in his pants. 

Wei smiled shyly at Jim and he took the cue to start stroking her bare leg. She leaned towards him just a little and he leaned in and gave her a long kiss. Wei was horny now, excited to kiss a white boy for the first time, and also a little aroused by another boy being there. 

When the kiss ended they went back to watching the movie a little, but the three of them were all quite distracted. Wei put her hand back on Jim's leg, but this time was not as subtle, quickly raising it and squeezing Jim's hard cock. Jim was clearly shy with his roommate there with them, but he leaned in for another kiss. This one was longer and when Jim moved in to kiss her harder, Wei managed to get him on top of her, almost like it was his idea. Jim seemed to forget about his roommate for a moment, kissing Wei aggressively, pushing against her. Wei made sure it was clear she was ready for him to take her, writhing against him.

At that moment Jim's roommate got up and mumbled that he should probably head out. Wei surprised the two of them, and even herself when she said he should stay, since it is his apartment. The roommate sat down, uncertainly. Jim seemed unsure how to proceed, but Wei pulled his face back down towards her and once again they were kissing and dry humping. Wei's skirt was pushed up above her waist, with her bare feet now pushing against Jim's roommate's leg. She saw from the corner of her eyes that he was only pretending to watch the movie now. 

Worried Jim might not make the next move Wei pushed her hand between them and deftly unzipped Jim's pants, releasing his hard cock. Jim groaned with her touch and she stroked it a little before putting her hand back around his neck. Jim reached down and pulled down her panties. Wei knew they should use a condom but she didn't want to chance ruining this. Jim was big, as she had hoped, and it felt like he went deeper into her than any of the three men she had fucked before. Wei made sure Jim heard how much she appreciated his thrusts, both of them for the moment forgetting the other man in the room. 

Jim became more aggressive, pulling out of Wei, then lifting her up and bending her over the couch. Wei looked to her right and saw the roommate looking at her from two feet away. She felt like a slut but that only excited her more. Jim pushed back into her and this time it felt deeper still. Wei moaned loudly, losing even more inhibitions. As Jim pushed into her again and again she shifted a little towards the roommate and she saw how desperately he was looking up at her. Without really thinking, she reached over and grabbed his cock through his pants. Not surprisingly he was hard and he smiled up at her. Shy for a moment she pulled her hand away, but he pulled it back. 

Wei was too caught up in the ecstasy of being fucked to think too much about what was happening as she instinctively, distractedly stroked the boy's cock. She did realize the escalation when he pulled his cock out of his pants, but she started stroking it again. She felt Jim come closer to cumming, and to her surprise felt an orgasm coming. She had never orgasmed while fucking before and she closed her eyes and lost herself in the moment. 

As she opened her eyes she heard the roommate telling her what a naughty girl she was, then telling her to 'suck it'. Wei realized that Jim had stopped pushing in to her, and she had stopped stroking. The roommate was now proffering his hard cock to her. She looked down at it, admiring how big and wide it was. She had given a good number of blow jobs, but suddenly very much wanted to try it with this larger one. She looked over her shoulder back at Jim who slapped her ass hard and smiled. 

Wei took this as an ok and did not resist as the roommate lowered her head on to his cock. Jim swatted her ass again, and the roommate told her what a 'good girl' she was being. 

Wei was tentative at first and she licked it, but when Jim pushed suddenly deeper inside she also gamely tried to take his friend's cock in her mouth. It was very challenging for her, especially as she was getting rocked back and forth with the much bigger Jim thrusting into her hard. Jim slowed as he finally started to cum and Wei also slowed her sucking while she felt his spasms inside her. When Jim pulled out the roommate made it clear she wasn't finished yet as he pushed her head down on his cock, forcing her to take it deeper. Now more focused she quickly got him to the point where she knew he was about to cum. 

The roommate surprised her by pulling out of her mouth, then grabbing her by the hair while he jacked off in front of her face. Wei had never had a facial before but she had seen videos. She closed her eyes, and opened her mouth like she had seen in the films and soon she felt the warm streams hit her face and fall on to her tongue. When she opened her eyes she saw the roommate looking at her smugly and then turned to see Jim, dressed and standing beside them, looking down at her with a combination of delight and judgement. Wei felt his cum drip down her leg and told herself that she could consider this itch well scratched.