 "Put on a party dress," you say. "Then come into the lounge when you're ready."

I think about that for a moment.

"Go on," you say, threateningly. Like my own scary-sexy controlling billionaire. 

You say it threateningly, but you won't actually do anything to me. I know you, I know how this works. You know I'll slap you back if you actually touch me like that. Before we start, I mean. Before we're playing out games.

I decide to anyway. It sounds like there's a lot of people in the lounge, and if you're talking to me like this there must be something sexy about to happen.

I put on a dress. I put on stay-ups and heels and makeup and see-through sexy undies, but no bra. Because small. And I guess we're housemates or something, or maybe a couple. I'm not sure, but apparently all my clothes are there, so it must be one or the other.

I go back downstairs, and there's people waiting. A lot of people. Men and women, different ages. Some I know, a lot I don't. Some I've already had sex with. I guess I've been fucking around a bit, since I met you.

"What's up?" I say to you.

"An auction. I'm selling you."

"Oh," I say, a bit surprised. "Seriously?"

"Seriously. Well, renting you out. Stand here."

There's a small dais, like what people stand on to make speeches. I'm short, so I guess they might need that to all see me. I get up on it, and the room goes quiet.

I decide they're actually serious.

"Um," I say to you.

You look at me. You're grinning, smug. You know I'll do this, and my hesitation is mostly just because I'm embarrassed that I will. 

"Want to pretend we're making you?" you say.

I nod, ever so slightly.

Two men grab my arms.

"Hey," I say, but then I whisper, "Thank you," to you.

"No worries," you say. "Have fun."

"I will."

"So," you say, looking around. "Ladies and gentlemen. You know Tess. You know she's up for anything." 

You reach over and pull the strap of my dress down. You tug, and my tit comes out. Everyone looks.

I bite my lip, slightly nervous.

You grin, and pull up the hem of the dress. You pull it right up to my hip, over my undies. They're kind of see through, and I'm kind of on display. Then you hook your fingers into them, and pull a little, so they stretch.

"So to start things off," you say. "Who'll give me something for these?"

"Hey," I say.

"Twenty dollars," a woman in the front row says. I look at her, surprised.

"Thirty," someone else says.

"Fifty," the first woman says, and no-one else bids.

Actual money changes hands. She hands over banknotes, and you grin, and show me. I look, a little unsure. Unsure what the money means about me.

"Ripped off her?" you say. "Or to keep for yourself."

"Ripped," the woman says.

You tug, and my underwear tears, and comes off. I gasp as it does. It pulls a little. You hand it to the woman who won, and she lifts it up, and puts it on her face, and breathes in. It must hardly smell of me, since I've only had it on a few minutes, but she smiles, and puts it in her bag, and that's flattering that she bothered to pretend. Or perhaps she liked feeling the warmth of my skin.

"Very good," you say. You look at me. The two guys holding my arms and how also holding my dress. Holding it up, so everyone can see me bare.

"Shift you feet a bit," you say. "Let everyone see."

"You're a dick," I say, but I move my feet.

They all look. They all look at me. It's flattering, and exciting, too. Apparently I'm nice to look at.

"Touch yourself," you say to me.

"What?" I say. "No."

"Do it."

"No. Not while everyone's watching."

You just grin. You look sure of yourself.

After a moment I do. I shake my right arm a bit, and the man on that side, holding it, lets go. I look at the crowd of people, and touch myself. I'm wet. My fingers are slippery on me. I slide, and rub. I close my eyes for a moment. I masturbate while a room full of people watch.

You must have known I would. You know I do all the time, anyway. I masturbate on my own, and I masturbate while I have sex, and sometimes I masturbate while I wait for other people to be ready to fuck me. I do all the time, and now I do while they all watch me.

"Second bid," you say. "To taste her fingers."

"Oh," I say, and take my hand away from myself. Then I put it back.

They bid. It's seventy dollars to taste me on my hand, and a man wins. He comes over, and I hold my hand out to him. He breathes in, smelling me, as if I'm perfume. Then he licks my fingers slowly, shiveringly.

I reach down, and make them wet again, and hold them out to him again.

He licks again.

"Well," you said. "She's getting into the spirit of this."

You're sounding more like an asshole auctioneer all the time, and I'm really not sure that's sexy.

"Next," you say. "A bid to come on her. This is the first such, so this is as she is now, standing. And I'm sorry ladies, this might only be for men. And this is an open bid, too, so we'll settle a price through the auction, and then as many as who wish to pay that, can."

I'm not sure about this, but they bid. Someone wins at ninety dollars. You ask who else will pay that, and three others will.

I'm not sure if I'm meant to get them off, or give handjobs, or something, but it seems not. It seems I'm meant to just stand there and watch, and it seems like they all know that. 

The two guys hold me, and hold up my dress, and then winning men come up one at a time, and wank, standing in front of me. Standing close, so occasionally they bump me, and so no-one else can see what's happening. They're fairly quick. When each comes it spurts onto me, onto my tummy and hip and knee, and drips down my legs.

"Now for the ladies," you say. "To sit on her face."

They bid, the woman with my undies wins, although someone up the back tries hard. It goes to two hundred dollars, and then the two guys holding me help me lie on my back.

I lie down, and the woman who won kneels over me, and slides up her skirt. Apparently everyone here is into getting off while other people watch. I lick her.

I'm wet and horny and licking someone out, and that turns me on. All of this turns me on. I'd started off flat on my back, with my legs down on the floor, and actually covered me up again, but licking this woman out is turning me on. I slip a hand down. I touch myself. I lift my knees up, and masturbate while I lick her. Like I usually would while I lick someone out from underneath, like this.

I masturbate, and people notice, and nudge each other, and whisper. They seem to like that. Some of them decide they want to pay the fixed price to come on me, and they do that too. They stand there, and wank, and I feel it land on me all sticky and hot. I feel it on my thighs, and tummy. It must be on my dress. I feel it on my hand, some stranger's semen splatting onto my fingers as I rub myself. That turns me on. I rub it in. I push my fingers inside myself, sticky with him, and then more people come on my hand.

When the woman I'm licking gets off, you help me up again. I'm a bit dishevelled now, my dress tangled, my hair a mess. I'm sticky and horny and breathing fast.

I'm so horny, so turned on a desperate for a fuck, for someone inside me other than my own fingers, that I whisper to you, "I need sex."

You nod.

"Now," I say. 

You grin. "Time to finish this up," you say. "The last auction. Anything you like. Tess fucks. She sucks. She likes giving head. She'll give anyone head. She likes being whipped, and flogged, and tied up, and beaten. And she can be yours. Anything you want to do to her, you can do. Just rent her for her night."

"Anything?" a man says.

"Anything."

"Anal?"

"Of course."

I sigh. They all look at me.

"What?" I say. "When has anyone not fucked someone's ass when it's offered?"

People laugh. 

"I still think you should prove that," the first man says.

There's a few nods. 

You grin, and take a tube of lube out your pocket. You squeeze some onto your fingers, and then reach down behind me. It's behind me, so no-one can see, but they can hear, and watch my face. Well, the two men holding my arms look down. No-one else can see. 

You slide your fingers into my ass. Both fingers, because you know you can. You slide, all cool and slippery, deep inside me, and I gasp and sigh and try to keep my face calm.

I can't. I'm being ass-fingered while a roomful of people watch, and I just want to push back into your hand.

I can't help myself. I do. It's embarrassing, but I do. I slide onto you, deeper, and moan a little too.

"See?" you say.

The man nods, satisfied. 

They bid. They bid quite a lot. Not all of them do, though. Looking around, I'm starting to realize some of them are here just to watch, not to fuck me. I don't care. They can watch. And those who want to bid, do, and one guy wins. 

I fuck him in the middle of the room, on the couch, while everyone else watches. I go a bit over the top, finally getting some. I fuck him all fancily, doing different stuff, riding him and taking him doggy, and going down on him too. I come, even though I hadn't really meant to. I come sitting on him, holding him against me, and because I'm on top of him, lots of people can smile at me and stroke my back.

Later, it gets a bit entrepreneurial. The guy who won starts sub-renting me to others.

I don't make a fuss. I fuck a lot of them.

I'm being sold, and that turns me on, and it's awful that it does, but it does.

I fuck them all, and get come all over me, and some of the women seemed to like that like I do, and lick it off me.

Then, when we're done, everyone goes home and you count up the money. It was raising money for some kind of worthy cause, but I forget which. We made a lot, although we won't tell them how. So that's nice too.