 The snow poured down around us and I shivered. We had been driving for 7 hours by the time the snow had begun to fall. With only about 5 more miles to go, I couldn’t wait to get there. The trip had been long in coming but I had still dreaded it. I was meeting my husbands family for the first time. Robert had decided it was time for me to meet them and said his parents were no longer upset. His family had not been too happy when they found out their second son had eloped with a stripper after only knowing her for 6 months. Robert’s parents are rich and very prominent. His father is a famous Criminal Prosecutor with a highly established Law firm and his mother inherited a small fortune from her father. Robert once told me that his family was well worth over 30 million dollars and that the number was growing everyday. This is why I was not looking forward to meeting them. 

Looking out the window, lost in my thoughts I watched as the houses we passed grew bigger and more sophisticated. I knew we were close. “ Are you O.K. Chrissy? “ Robert asked and began rubbing my hand. I assured him I was fine, just a little nervous. He smiled at me and said, “ Honey don’t worry. My parents are going to love you. They act like big snobs, but they are actually loving and friendly people. They will see how special you are and realize how it was I came to love you so fast.” Yeah right, I thought to myself and went back staring out the window. 

Soon we were pulling up to a tall gate that had an intricately carved gold sign that said Lavender Meadows. Oh great I thought to myself, these people name their houses. Rob got his wallet out and rolled his window down. He pulled out a card and swiped it through the machine next to the car. A few seconds later the big gate opened and we found ourselves driving towards a big circular driveway. The house was large with big columns framing the entrance to the house. It was beautiful and I could picture my husband growing up in this wonderful place. This eased my tension a bit and I was able to pull my self together as we walked into the foyer. The house was wonderfully big and everything in it sparkled. The hard work that the servants must have used to keep up on a house this size had to be exhausting. I turned in a big circle and took everything in. A big stair case leading up engulfed the foyer. The bannisters at the head of the stairs were made of marble and I thought that just the stairs alone were expensive. Crystal vases were placed all over the room with fresh roses in every one of them. The art work on the walls were from prominent painters. One painting caught my eye and I looked it over while my husband went to a intercom and buzzed someone on it. 

The painting was a picture of the family. Rob’s father, James was sitting in a big fancy high back chair with his wife positioned behind him. Rob was on one side and his brother was on the other. I could tell immediately where Rob got his good looks. His father was tall and handsome. He had dark brown hair with only the faintest touch of gray, and bright blue eyes that have that same devilish gleam as Robs. He was well built for his age and I could not help but be attracted to him immediately from his picture. Jonathan, Robs brother resembled their mother Nancy and was also attractive. He has very dark blond hair, but emerald green eyes and a very hard looking body. I stood there staring at the picture thinking I was in for a hell of a holiday weekend if I had to spend my time around these three sexy men. 

“ Rob! I am so glad that you came. We were not sure if you would make it or not. This makes your mother and I very happy.” At the sound of his voice I turned to the staircase to see Robs father and mother descending. He was dressed in a pair of black dockers and a nice sweater, while Robs mother was so dressy in her long red V-neck that I felt under dressed. She looked almost regal, with her blond hair in a french twist and diamond earrings gleaming on her ears. I nervously stepped back behind Rob a little, trying to cover myself. I felt like a litle poor girl in this big house dressed as I was. I glanced over at Robs father and saw that he could barely take his eyes from me. I realaxed a little as I realized that my father in law was checking me out, and to my amazement was liking what he saw. It amazed me that he was watching me when he had this fabulous woman at his side who I felt looked better than me. I am of average height, with long black hair and blue eyes. My body is hard and tight from years of dancing and my breasts are large, not those fake silicon things, but real tit. I always keep my nails nicely manicured and had just recently bought the cutest tounge ring that had a diamond for the top stud of the barbell. Today I was wearing a pair of low cut jeans and cute belly shirt under my large winter coat. I looked like nothing compared to the elegant woman who stood before me. 

“Honey, lets go put our stuff away and get ready for dinner” Rob said as he grabbed my hand and started to pull me up the stairs behind him. We made our way up the stairs and down a long hall before he came to our room. I should say a suite of rooms since there was a sitting room and then another door that led into the sleeping area. I walked into the bedroom and gasped when I saw the big canopy bed with the mounds of pink and white lace pillows and bed spread. Another door led to a big bathroom that I glanced at before jumping on the huge bed. “Wow honey!! I can’t believe this place. You actually grew up here? I can’t believe this! This place is beautiful!” I said. “Well yeah I did, but this wasn’t my room. I felt that you might have been uncomfortable in the room I grew up in. The last I looked my parents had left the room the same with Jon’s and my bunkbeds and everything” he laughed. 

“Well I am going to go get in the shower” he said “ Check out the T.V. and tell me what you think. 

I was a little uncertain as to what he meant but I turned on the television anyways and started flipping through the channels. It didnt take me but a minute to figure out what he meant. The T.V. was hooked up to the security system and you could view each room in the house except the bedrooms just by flipping through the channels. I was amazed as I saw room after room pop up on the screen. I heard the water come on in the shower as I flipped to a channel showing Robs fathers office. He sat at his desk and was talking on the phone. I turned the volume up to hear what he was saying but no sound came on. It took me a few minutes to realize that a certain button had to be pushed on the remote to tune in to the audio of the security system. 

“Yeah Jon, they have arrived. They are upstairs getting ready for dinner now. Yes I met her.....In my opinion she is very sexy....... Your brother sure knew what he was getting....... You should see her ass and incredible tits......Yeah she made my dick hard......No, dont worry about your mother, she still doesn’t know how to work the system so I don’t need to worry about her hearing. When do you think you will be home? Ok well I will see you then” he said before he hung up the phone. I watched for a few minutes until I saw my father in law begin to unzip his pants. I watched as he pulled his rock hard cock out of his pants and begin to stroke it up and down slowly at first and then started going faster. “ Ommmmmm Chrissy........” I heard him say. I couldnt believe it, my father in law was masterbating and fantasizing about me. I watched as he soon shot a load of cum into his hand and then looked right into the camera. Startled, I shut the T.V. off and sat on the bed shocked. Did he know I was watching? Is there a way to be able to tell if someone was watching? Realizing that it had to be  impossible for him to know that it was me watching, I was finally able to really think about what I saw. God James has a big dick. It was nice and shiny and the head was a pretty purplish pink. I started getting wet thinking about his dick in me, and how it would feel. I could feel the tingle in my clit and I knew that I needed to cum before I went to dinner or else I would just fantasize about my father in law all night. 

I got up off the bed and started to take my clothes off. I looked in the mirror and admired my big breasts and my shaved pussy. I ran my fingers down my tits all the way to my pussy and slowly massaged my clit. My head fell back and I could feel the tip of my hair graze my ass and it felt good. Rob had only been in the shower for about five minutes so I thought I would join him. I went into the bathroom, opened the shower door and got in with Rob. Water dripped off his flacid penis and his bush of hair around his cock and balls was soaked. I longed to get on my knees and suck it into my mouth. Soap suds were still lathered on his body and I pressed myself up against his hot body. “ Mmmm Baby. What are you doing in here? Did you come to help me get “clean”? “ he said. 

“ No honey, I came to get fucked” I said. With that said I got down on my knees and took his cock in my mouth. My hair was already getting wet when he grabbed my head and started fucking my mouth, moaning about how good it felt. His dick was soon hard and I continued to fuck his dick with my mouth as I reached down and played with my clit. 

“Oh baby, I am going to cum if you don’t stop. Mmmmm honey it feels so good”. 

I stopped sucking on his dick but continued to rub his balls in one hand while I played with my clit with the other hand. Soon he pulled me up to him and picked me up and slammed me against the shower wall. I wrapped my legs around his body as he slammed his dick into my throbbing pussy, pounding my love hole with all his might. The shower wall was cold but the warmth of his body and the water made me forget about the cold tiles. Rob was fucking me hard by then and I could feel myself nearing an orgasm. 

“ Oh God Baby, kkkeep fucking me baby , ummmmm yeah” I said as he thrust in and out of my pussy, until soon I felt his cum pouring into me. His body shook and he stopped fucking me and laid his head on my shoulder. I wanted to scream when he stopped. I was so close to cumming . After a few seconds he moved away from the wall and my legs came down. He kissed me on the cheek and continued to wash himself off while saying how good my pussy was. I stood back and watched him, upset that he took my feelings so lightly. He knew I didnt cum, and didnt even acknowledge it or anything. I knew it was a lost cause now, because from past experience , he wouldnt be able to get hard again for a while. He finished showering and got out, leaving me to hurry and wash so that I could get ready for dinner. 

He was already dressed by the time I emerged from the bathroom. I decided not to mention the fact that I didn’t cum , so to not start an argument. My clit was still throbbing and I didnt know how I was going to make it through the evening so horney while knowing his father had fantasized about me. The fact that I was attracted to James did not help either. I went to the closet to figure out what I was going to wear, realizing that Rob must have put the clothes away while I was showering and putting on my makeup. I opened the closet doors to see the most beautiful dress I had ever seen. It was a long white dress of silk that shimmered when the light hit it. I slowly pulled the dress from the closet in amazement. I knew that I would look incredible in the dress and it amazed me how good Robs taste was. It was so sweet of him to get this knowing how uncomfortable I would feel. 

I slipped into the dress and pulled the straps of the dress up to tie around my neck. The front of the dress plunged deeply down, revealing most of my breasts. It reached mid thigh and closely hugged my body. I slipped into my white heels and put on the gold necklace Rob got me. The single diamond laid nicely on my chest, and the matching diamond stud earrings completed my outfit. I stood staring into the mirror, admiring how sexy I looked. I knew the dress was a little sleazy, but imagining my father in law getting turned on by me tonight made my clit rock hard. Rob was down stairs alrady and I knew that I was already running late so I left my hair flowing down my back in soft curls. 

I could hear the voices from the hall and suddenly felt like turning around and going back to our room. I never got a chance to talk with Robs family today in the foyer so I knew that tonight I would have to. The butler slowly opened the door as I made my way near the door. It got quiet in the dining room so I knew they would all be looking at me and I was right. James was at his seat at the head of the table and Nancy was seat on the side next to him. Jonathan was on the other side of his mother and Rob was across from him, leaving me to have to sit across from her and right next to James. I could feel my stomache do flops as I realized how close I would be next to my father in law. He smiled when he saw my nervous look at the chair next to him and slowly leaned back. I sat down at the table and saw Nancy give me a scrutinizing look before finally smiling. 

Dinner was served in courses and the food was wonderful. Big slices of beef, slightly pink and roasted garlic potatoes and asparagus. As uncomfortable as I was at first, I actually enjoyed the dinner and even joined in the conversation a little. James watched me throughout the meal and even smirked a little when Nancy asked Rob and Jon to go shopping with her to get some last minute gifts the next day. Rob said sure but Jon declined saying he had to much to do. I was going to be alone with James and Jon at the house all day, and I already figured the servants would hardley be around. My pussy started to get wet thinking about being here all day with the two of them. Dinner soon came to an end and we got up from the table. We were tired from traveling all day and went straight to bed. 

When we got to our suite of rooms Rob closed the door and got undressed. I carefully took my beautiful dress off and hung it back in the closet before going to the bathroom. When I was done and came back into the bedroom Rob was already asleep. Disgusted, I put on my robe and left the bedroom. I wasnt sure why I was upset that he was asleep. He was tired from driving all day. I should have been tired myself, but I wasnt. I felt wired and every nerve ending was tingling. I wanted to be fucked, to have a mind blowing orgasm, and Rob being asleep meant that I wouldnt get that. The house was pretty dark and I figured that everyone must have went to bed until I saw a crack of light coming from a room down the hall. 

Slowly, so as not to be heard, I walked to the door and looked in. It appeared to be the office that I had saw James in earlier. To my amazement, bent over the desk was the maid that had served us dinner earlier in the evening. Her hair was down and she was half dressed. Her large tits hung down and jiggled as my father in law, thrust in and out of her sweet brown pussy. He was totally naked and I could see the sweat gleaming on his body. He moaned as fucked her and I could hear his balls slapping against her pussy. 

“ Ohhhhh, you cheap slut this feels so good.......tighten that pussy baby. Do you like it when I fuck you hard? Tell me what you want baby?” he moaned. She continued to grunt as he fucked her pussy hard. I stood in the dark hall watching him fuck her. Slowly I pulled my robe open and ran my hand down my body until I reached my throbbing clit. This was too much. I needed fucked and I needed it now. I began to rub my clit, enjoying the tingles that coursed through my body as he continued to moan. I looked back in the room and saw her now laying on his desk with her legs spread wide. I could see her juices dribbling down the crack of her ass and I watched as James slammed his dick into her. I leaned against the door jam and watched as he began to fuck her harder until he pulled his dick out and squirted his cum on her tits. I could feel my orgasm coming closer and rubbed my clit faster. I was almost there when I heard a door open and looked over to see my brother in law staring at me and smiling. He must have knew who I was watching and what I was doing. 

Embarrassed, I closed my robe and hurried down the hall away from him until I reached my room. After making sure the door was locked, I stood with my back to the door and tried to stop my body from trembling. I had been so close to cumming again, only to be stopped. Rob was still asleep in the bedroom, and I crawled into bed and cuddled next to him. The day had been overwhelming and soon I was asleep from frustration and exhaustion. 

The next morning I awoke to an empty bed. Rob was already up and gone from the room. I put my robe on and went into the sitting room to find a note scribbled saying he didnt want to wake me and loved me and would be back later on in the evening. I was a little upset that he didnt wake me but I soon got over it and went to take a shower. I turned the water on hot and climbed in, feeling the goosebumps spread over my body as I relaxed. It felt good to take a long hot shower and I washed my hair twice after soaping my body up. I ran my hand down to my pussy and felt my clit instantly harden. Moaning, I sat down on the shower step and let the water run over my body as I fingered my pussy. Sliding my finger in and out I started to moan loud. My pussy juices and the water mixed, making my finger slide smoothly in and out of my hole. My body was a mass of nerves and I was just about ready to explode when I heard a gasp and saw Lupita, the maid drop the clean towels she had brought into the bathroom. “ Oh Im sorry miss. I thought you had gone with your husband” she said. 

Lupita began to back out of the door when I had an idea. “ No! Dont go. Please?” I begged her. She stopped moving and looked startled for a moment when she realized I had told her not to leave. I got up from the step and got out of the shower. Water dripped from my body as I got closer to her and reached up my hand to pull her hair down. She shivered as her hair fell down her back and I began to unbutton her uniform. Slowly I slide her dress off of her, leaving her standing in just her skimpy panties. Her breasts were large and I remembered wanting to touch those perky tits when she was being fucked the night before by my father in law. The nipples were large and dark brown and already they were standing on end. I lowered my head down and licked her nipple while I began to pull her panties down. 

Shivering from the cold air after getting out of the shower, I stopped what I was doing and pulled her back into the shower with me. She got under the faucet and let the water flow down on her, while I resumed licking and sucking on her nipple. She moaned as I ran my hand down her hips to her thatch of bush. She was already moist and my finger entered her easily. I loved the feeling her pussy made on my finger as she contracted her pussy muscles. After a bit of finger fucking her I slowly removed my finger from her cunt. Both of our pussies were dripping wet and I could not take much more of it. I sat down on the step again and pulled her with me. Lupita got between my legs nad lowered her head down between my thighs. The jolt of her tounge on my clit sent spasms shooting through my body and she sent me over the edge when she shoved her finger in my hole. Grabbing her head, I pushed her face into my cunt and had a earth shattering orgasm. Juices shot out of my pussy, something that had never happened before and made me realize just how much I had needed to cum. 

Exhausted but not done, I got out of the shower and headed to the bedroom. Lupita followed me and we both dried each other off. Afterwards we both got on the bed with her laying spread eagle with me between her legs. Taking her pussy lips, I spread them apart to look at her rose bud. Her clit was hard and I didnt wait much longer before I took my tounge and licked her pink flower. Slowly I flicked her clit with my tounge, making her squirm and moan in pleasure. Her screams of pleasure made me want more and soon we had ourselves positioned with our legs wrapped around each other and our pussies rubbing together. We both pounded our pussies together, creating friction and delight. Our moans were loud and we didnt care until the bedroom door burst open. 
