 Upon entering my apartment I moaned with pleasure as the cold breeze from the air condition cooled my hot and sandy body. After the mind-numbing heat, the boat ride, and the beach sex my chilly room was a sanctuary. 

Angela, my roommate wasn't there. I wondered where she was. She shouldn't be out with a burned back.

I shut the door behind me and undressed inside the little kitchen, taking off my shorts, t-shirt, and bikini.

Standing in front of the air conditioner allowed every part of my body to cool off but between my butt cheeks, the sperm remained wet and sticky. I could smell it too and I was sure everyone else could too.

I walked in the shower and closed the bathroom door behind me, opening the red faucet to bring down the hot water. I balanced it with some cold and let it run down my face.

"Mahi, Is it you?" I heard my roommate asking from outside the shower.

"I just got in. I'm having a bath. Close the door, will you! You will let all the cold air escape". I screamed back at Angela and with some delay, I heard the front door closing with a thud.

She and her family were visiting from the USA and they invited me to join them on their vacation. We were best friends for the two years that she lived in Greece. She then followed her parents back to the U.S. but we remained friends on Facebook.

"I bought more moisturizing cream. Can you put it on my back?" Angela said.

She opened the door and I saw my friend's fair skinned blond baby face with a smile from ear to ear. Her athletic body was perfectly proportional just like mine but a head taller and with bigger breasts. Those differences and my dark olive complexion made as look like specimens from a different race. This was one of the many things that made us the wet dream of all the boys in high school.

"Ummm. You look hot!" she said teasing me.

"I'm not like you and your family!" I said.

"What do you mean?" She said following me in the shower undressing as she came closer. 

I let her have the shower head.

"So did you have a good time with my parents and Alex (her 24-year-old step brother)?" she said and I hesitated to answer.

"Well?" She insisted.

"Well Angela, you have a weird family".

"You mean Alex? He is a weirdo but a sweet one."

"No I mean your WHOLE family, Susan, John, and Alex," I said as I carefully rubbed her backside that was burned by the sun when she fell asleep in the beach.

"Don't everyone have a weird family?" She said and turned to face me.

"My turn to spoil you!" She squirted a big load of bath gel on my breast.

"Ooh. Angela, it almost caught me in the eye!" I said.

"Like this has never happened before," she said and winked at me before she continued.

"So what happened today?"

"First your stepfather drove the speedboat like a maniac. Alex was petrified, I almost went overboard a couple of times from the slamming and your mom was like she had no care in the world."

"That's my mom!" She said while focusing on my belly button.

"When we reached the beach we found it empty. Your parents lay under a tree. Me and Alex under another, five meters away from them."

"Was the beach as nice as John said."

"The beach was fine, it was your parents that had issues..."

"Did they had a fight in front of you kids...?"

"Fight? Not at all! They were very happy together. So much so that while I was reaching for my book I heard slurping sounds from them. Your mom sucked your stepdad's big dick like they were in their bedroom."

"Wow! And what did you do?" She said stopping rubbing me for a moment.

She looked curious about my reaction more than surprised about her parent's actions.

"When your mom was about to take his balls in her mouth, I got up; took my things and moved further away. Alex was staring at your parents with an erection and his hand under his bathing suit. He had a look like a whipped dog and I had to kick him to get up and move away."

"Did he?"

"Eventually... He followed me and he was pathetic. He told me that his father in his mid-forties was fucking a stunning woman and he couldn't get any even with an average woman."

"He begged me to let him fuck me. But I told him to jerk off. I may not be a tall blond like your mom but I am more than average."

"That's true," Angela said and spin me around to continue washing me.

"You have sand on your ass, even in your butt hole, why do you bother with sunscreen in there if you are wearing a bathing suit?" she said as she scrubbed the cum off me.

"That's not sunscr... Because UV beams can pass through clothes and I don't want to burn as you did. OK?"

"Don't get so upset miss health and safety! "What happened then?" She said and gave me a slap in the rear.

"He began to cry like his mother just died."

"His real mom is dead," Angela said seriously.

"She is...? I didn't know that. Anyway, he then said that he didn't want to come to Greece when he saw my pictures on Facebook. Because you had such a pretty girlfriend like me. He was shy and felt like a loser."

"I felt sorry for him the way he begged but I told him that I couldn't fuck him without a condom."

"And?"

"He one had in his bag."

"And?"

"I thought it couldn't do me any wrong and I was turned on by the sounds your parents were making. And sorry for Alex! So I told him to follow me behind the trees."

"And...?" she said turning me around again to face her.

I turned my blushing face away from her.

"Oh my God, my friend fucked my brother! Was he any good?"

"Yeah he was OK, at least he stopped crying like a baby," I said and we both laughed out loud.

"Would you do it with him again?" Said, Angela, while starting to wash off the soap from our bodies.

"NO! He is like your family, that's going to be weird."

"Family my ass, we aren't even blood-related."

"You fuck him then!" I yelled at her.

"I like girls better!" She said and tickled my pussy with her finger as she was dosing me with the shower head and kissed my lips.

"Really?" I asked with eyes wide open.

"No silly, I am just fucking with you. And I guess I have to send Alex away."

"Alex is here? When did he come? Did he said anything about me?" I asked her.

"He came in with me and he said that he is crazy over you. And now I can understand why! Why don't you fuck him again?" she said and turned me around and did my back.

"Because it is weird! I mean, what the fuck is wrong with your family anyway? Why is your mom is sucking your stepfather in front of his son?"

"Susan and John are happily married in an open relationship," Angela said 

"And you guys know that?" I asked.

"My mom had four failed marriages and two dozen boyfriends. I figured that she liked sex not commitment. John after his wife's death realized that he had to live life. So they found each other and are happy."

"It's not my lifestyle! I wouldn't do it but you and Alex should totally hook up for the summer!" she said.

"You think?" I said as I nervously played with my pubic hair.

"Definitely!" she said with a huge smile and then turned her head over her shoulder towards the bathroom door and yelled.

"Come in Alex! Mahi wants to fuck you again!"

"What are you saying you, stupid bitch?" I told her and tried to cover her mouth while my face caught fire from embarrassment.

She easily escaped my weak attempt to stop her.

"I washed her up and she is ready to ride you like a pro!" she yelled while giggling at the same time.

The bathroom door opened and Alex hesitantly entered and I was giggling too, hunching as I tried to cover my breast, vagina and my mouth with my hands.

"Hurry up Alex! Take your clothes off and get in the shower. Don't keep her waiting, she is melting for your cock," she said and pulled my hands away and groped my wet pussy.

"Oh my god Angela, I am going to die," I told her as her tall step brother stripped and entered in the shower with us.

The hot summer sun had colored his skin with a beautiful healthy brown. This contrasted with the dark blond hair that crowned his head. A big tan line interrupted from below his belly button down to his mid-thigh. There stood the best inheritance he got from his dad, a big cock.

Angela squirted a load of soap on his dick and his belly.

Alex washed his circumcised penis that was growing bigger until all of it along with his balls were hidden under the thick foam.

Angela targeted his package with water and cleaned it with her hand and at the same time, she was jerking him.

"No condom?" she asked and his face darkened.

"In the first drawer in the vanity, hurry up you dummy," she said and he jumped out of the shower and slid to the vanity where he found the condoms.

He ripped one open and covered his long swollen member with a pink rubber layer before coming back in the shower.

"Perfect! You can now fuck, you have my permission," she said and moved deeper in the shower without ever losing sight of us.

Alex kissed me with passion. The smell of the sea and the coconut still lingering on his skin sunscreen were intoxicating. Every touch was like a thunder strike of pleasure on my body. He lowered himself until his cock was in the same height as my pussy and slowly entered me.

It felt so good fucking him, with his hands on my waist and kisses raining down on my back and neck. I was moaning and he was too.

Then a couple of slaps on our bodies separated my pussy from his cock.

It was Angela that pulled us apart and walked between us smiling deviantly.

"Make way you perverts, you don't actually think that I will stand here and watch you two," she said and walked out of the bathroom.

When the door closed Alex kissed my neck and in a heartbeat he was inside me again with his throbbing cock and we fucked harder than before. We went on the floor with him on top of me plunging his hard dick in my cunt making me scream. Every time so often he would stop and take big licks of my cunt and fuck it with his tongue. It was in one of those times that I had my orgasm. It never happened like that before and I loved it.

He waited for me to come to my senses with his hands stroking his hard cock and huge balls.

Still sitting on the floor I rested my back on the bathroom wall looking at him.

"Can I cum on your face?" he asked with great hope and expectation.

"Mmmm," I didn't like the idea of that then I thought of something, smiled and chinned up.

"Sure baby! Give it to me." I said.

He walked up to me so close that his testicles hang over my head like big ripe fruits. He took the condom off and started jerking off. His face was so full of emotion and pleasure. I liked seeing that but I wasn't sure if I should keep watching or close my eyes for the incoming sperm.

It was my first time taking a facial.

Alex suddenly tensed up, gave a big groan and his cock touched the middle of my forehead and released streams of hot cum. Lots of it. Most of the hot and creamy stuff remained on my face but some heavy chunks run down my cheeks and landed on my tits.

I got up and wanted a kiss. His lips touched every part of my face that hadn't had cum on them. He had to try hard to find such a place.

He left to go to his room and I would text him to meet me and Angela in one of the many seafront taverns.

When the outside door closed behind him I walked out of the bathroom naked and with a face full of wet thick jizz.

Angela was on the bed, belly down, wearing headphones and with her eyes glued to her laptop screen. 

"The perfect opportunity!" I thought as I casually walked up to my friend and sat next to her. She turned and looked at me. It took her few seconds to realize that it was her step Brothers sperm that hangs from my cum covered face.

She cringed and I smiled as I licked some of the creams around the mouth.

I initially thought of kissing her like "revenge" for letting her brother in. But seeing how grossed out she was of the cum on my cute face and how much fun I had with Alex... I couldn't do that to her.

"Thanks for inviting me to spend the summer with your weirdo family," I said.

"You fitted right in. I am glad you are here," she said and gave me a hug.

"Me too", I said and disappeared in the bathroom to eat more of her stepbrothers cream. 

It tasted great!