 Karyn was excited. She and Joe had just flown to Vegas where they were having a reunion with some old friends that had moved out of town. After a casual dinner, the three couples planned to meet in a suite rented by Holly and Chuck. Joe knocked on the door at exactly 9pm as instructed by their other friends Liz and Mike. Karyn looked incredible in her red lace up dress, red push up bra and black panties with thigh highs. Part of the cups of the bra showed, but this also gave her incredible visible cleavage. The black panties could be seen through parts of the dress and set off the red nicely. 

It was Liz who opened the door. Holy Crap! Joe thought when he saw her. She had on a similar lace up dress as Karyn's, but in black. She had decided against a bra, so her perky c-cup tits were visible except the nipples. Some of her areolas popped through. She was wearing black fishnet stockings and 6 inch heels. "Welcome! Come in." She said. "Holly and Chuck are already here." 

Holly had managed to turn her lean, girl next store vibe into hot-as-hell vixen. She wore a tight leather dress. It accentuated her hips, and pushed her small tits together to reveal more cleavage than she probably ever had before. The dress was so short, you could see her thong when she sat. She topped off the look with a pair of leather thigh high boots with about 4 inch heels, laced from toe to thigh. 

The suite was incredible with a large living room, with a fireplace and leather furniture. There was an outside deck with an eight person hot tub and its own pool. There was a fully stocked bar just outside the sliding glass doors. Lounge chairs with soft cushions were set up around the pool and hot tub. Liz told us a little of how the evening would go. Generally, Mike was in charge. However, Liz wanted to take a 'field trip' first, Mike would take over once we returned to the room. 

Liz explained that she wanted to show off a little. We were, as a group, going to walk around the resort, order drinks at the pool bar and return. I was surprised and happy to show off my sexy bride, the excitement visible as a tent formed in my tux pants. 

We took the elevator to the lobby where I noticed the woman behind the desk watching intently. When she licked her lips, Joe knew she was clearly enjoying the view. We next walked past the resort hot tub and the pool. It was a bit more crowded than the lobby. Here, there was quite a bit of attention. All of the men were staring, and Joe saw a few women smacking their men, but many seemed as interested as the woman behind the front desk. 

We ordered our drinks and continued inside to the nightclub. We listened to a couple of songs, but everyone's thoughts were really focused on Mike's plans once we returned to the suite. Soon, we basically retraced our steps and headed back upstairs, Liz looking quite satisfied. 

So let's get on with then, shall we?" Mike began. "Tonight, the women will be blind folded. The men are not to ever disclose who they choose as a partner - agreed?" There was a muttered assent. "Fine, then. The first thing we're going to do, after our sexy brides are blindfolded is to auction them off. Not a real auction, this is just a way for us to decide who'll be going with whom. See the raised area by the bar, we can have the ladies pose for us there."

Each of the men took the blindfold kits provided to his wife. The wives closed their eyes and the men then taped cotton balls over their eyelids so that even if they tried to open their eyes, they would be unable to do so. Joe was careful to avoid putting any tape over Karyn's eyebrows. Then the black blindfolds were carefully placed over their eyes to rule out any possible peeking. They were good blindfolds, blocking out the light entirely. 

Karyn felt her other senses heighten as her sight faded too dark. She listened to the others, was she already hearing some revealing moans? Joe took his time with the blindfold and then ran his hands all over her body. Was he putting his stamp on her, marking her as his, she wondered? She wasn't sure if this was just a silly thought given what we were about to be engaged in, or perhaps he wanted to give her something to think about for later.

All of the men started the same type of touching, rubbing and stroking before they were to disrobe their wives. Joe continued to touch Karyn's body in ways he knew would get her motor running hot. From the sounds coming from either side, she assumed that the others were doing the same. It seemed that they were a very long time about it. It was Karyn's understanding that it each woman's husband would disrobe their wives before the 'auction' began. However, from a few overheard whispers and giggles, Karyn wasn't sure the guys were going to hold to that plan. Of course, how would she know without taking off the blindfolds and spoiling the whole evening? Actually, things were going so well for her that she didn't care whether they'd decided to trash that rule or not. Joe was playing her body like an instrument being played by a master. She was so hot, so horny, she could feel her panties getting wetter and wetter. Adding to her excitement was the uncertainty of the events unfolding.

Joe stepped away for a minute and Karyn heard the men whispering nearby. Now, he returned, or someone did and began stroking her with his hands up and down her body, she could feel the heat within warm her, then heating her up into a lustful vixen. Next, he extended his thumbs inward enough to brush across her bra. She hissed with the anticipation of pleasure. Her tormentor gave a satisfied sigh, apparently pleased at Karyn's excitement. He stroked back down her curves and sent his hands around to cup her ass, kneading her cheeks momentarily. He lifted the dress slightly, slipping his fingers under her panties, pinching her ass again. Karyn's exhilaration was compounded by not knowing which of three men was in front of her, slowly worshipping her body.

He slid his hands back out, leaving tingles behind, while he stroked upward to cup her 

breasts, bouncing them slightly in her bra, then fondling them, sliding his thumb across each to target Karyn's achy, rock hard nipples. Each time a thumb caressed a nipple a shot of fire sped through Karyn's body, landing like a lightning strike in her pussy. This man knew how to give her pleasure. Rather than dawdle solely over her tits, her lover dropped one hand into her panties again slipping into the core between her legs. He cupped Karyn's mound in his hand. Karyn thought it must have felt like she was on fire. His other hand gave up on stroking her breast through the bra as he slipped his fingers under the fabric, caressing her bare flesh. When the man in charge of her body at the moment grasped her nipple lightly, a longing moan escaped Karyn's lips. 

Simultaneously, He stroked forward and back across her pussy. He stroked up and down the inside of her thighs, stroking upward on the sensitive skin until he met the fabric of Karyn's now soaked panties. He slipped his other hand all the way inside her other bra cup, to hold and squeeze her exposed tit. Karyn felt the nipple pressing back against his palm. He was stoking the fire that threatening to make her cry out. Karyn moaned loudly this time.

He slid his lower hand into the black silky panties and started sliding his fingers up and down Karyn's swollen, wet lips. Karyn felt them swell with excitement. Not wanting to be completely selfish, Karyn reached into his trousers, took his erection and stroked it slowly and lightly, running a fingertip around the helmet and rubbing the drop of pre-ejaculate that had formed to the underside of his rod. The man stepped back, tearing himself from Karyn's hands, moaning with arousal. Karyn moaned again, pleased with the effect she was having on her lover. She knew that just one more touch, a flick of her clit, and she'd be over the top. He must have known too. 

He stepped forward again, was it the same man? His fingers circled her wet slit, then flicked three times over her clit and she was over the top, orgasming spectacularly with a short scream followed by moans as her body yielded to the pleasure and her mind blanked. Karyn might have fallen, her knees completely unreliable, but the man caught her and settled her on one of the couches. Karyn felt embarrassed by her complete lack of control in front of the others but soon realized from the sounds in the air that all three women had been pleasured to completion. Even Holly, who had told them that she was slow to climax, screamed out a passionate series of moans. Perhaps the blindness had robbed Holly of that self-control before her man pushed her over the edge. Maybe not knowing who was pleasuring her opened her up. Karyn smiled, happy for her old friend. 

Karyn wondered if the men had changed plans. She was brought to a climax before losing her clothes, were the husbands still going to do the undressing? 

After she recovered, which took some time due to number of aftershocks her lover was encouraging, Karyn was helped to her feet where she stood in front of her unknown beau. Once again, he began running his hands up her legs, enjoying the feel of the silky stockings. Karyn enjoyed his strong, firm touch, causing the fire within her reignite. 

He slipped his hands inside of her thighs and stroked all the way up to her panties. Her legs trembled and her breath hissed out from between her teeth. His thumb caressing her mound through the material. Karyn couldn't stop herself from pressing down onto his thumb, meeting its pressure on her vulva. The muscles in her belly quivered as his hand traced a path up to the navel. He inserted a finger-tip tickled. He trailed that finger upwards to her bra, between her breasts. His other hand was continuing to pay attention to her pussy through the panties. Karyn was clearly getting worked up again.

Karyn felt the hand slide under her panties. He then inserted two fingers past her dripping wet slit and into her hungry pussy. She pressed upwards as if it had been a hard cock. He pulled aside one cup of her bra and latched onto my nipple with his lips and pulled. Karyn gasped and moaned, ready to lose herself again. He fluttered his tongue on the tip of the nipple and started pinching and pulling the other with one hand while continuing his attentions to her pussy with the other. Karyn was quickly on the edge, another ten seconds, or maybe the feel of his tongue would have done it. She was so close, she was trembling.

Then, in a flash, the man pulled off her soaked panties and jammed his face between her legs. His tongue struck its target immediately, flashing lightly over Karyn's swollen clit, shocks of lightning swirled through the sensitized flesh. Karyn's orgasm jumped through her, hard and loud. She collapsed on the couch. This time it seemed that she had come alone. The man with her held her panties to her face, she could smell the evidence of her lust on them before he slipped them back on her, having achieved his objective. Karyn wondered if he was proud of himself, he certainly deserved to be.

He soon climbed onto the couch next to Karyn, having lost his clothes somewhere along the way. Karyn reached down and finding her partner's cock, gave it a quick stroke and squeeze. She hadn't recovered her strength just yet to do any more. Karyn pressed against his body, her thick, firm nipples pressing into his chest. She managed to pin his cock against his belly, the feel of that rock hard member making her let out a gasp of air. Maybe he thought Karyn wasn't playing the game right, but she was desperate to get off again even after two great orgasms. She'd been driven to the edge and over twice now and was entering her insatiable phase. She thought it wouldn't take more than another quick lick and a promise to send her over again. Karyn felt his hands roaming across her body, still in no hurry to pull off the dress.

Karyn's partner stroked his fingers up and down her again, reveling in the smooth skin and soft curves. He ran them across her upper thighs and caressed her hips and ass. She was writhing against him, trying to convey her continuing need. When she began to tremble with the intensity of her arousal, he finally untied the halter straps on her dress. She let out a soft, encouraging moan. Next, he slipped a finger in either side of her panties and wiggled them back and forth. Karyn subconsciously pressed her body into every touch. 

Once again, Karyn's panties were pulled off. This time his explorations were faster, nearing frantic when he finally reached for her bra, unhooking it in the back. As he pulled the fabric freeing her tits, he buried his face between them before turning to capture her left nipple in his mouth. Fire shot through Karyn's core again, hotter and more urgent than before. He let go of the nipple just long enough to lick his way across to the other side where he latched onto the other nipple, sucking and fluttering his tongue across the sensitive tip. Hastily, her lover slid the dress and bra over her hips and to the floor. 

Supposedly, Karyn remembered, this was the end of this stage of the evening, but clearly her stud was not going to stop now. Even if the plans had been altered, Karyn wanted this man, whichever of the three. His cock was fully engorged, ready and willing to explore her dripping wet tunnel and fuck her senseless. He moved over her and proceeded to do just that. He was breathing hard as he inserted his cock into her scorching hot cunt. It almost sucked him in, it was so ready. He shuddered and tensed as he began. Karyn was happy to realize the arousal was working both ways. Karyn knew she was ready, tight from the finger fuck, but wet and silky smooth with her musky, sexy lubrication. He slowly drove himself into her. She felt its warmth, its girth and hardness. He pushed in all the way the first time. Then he patiently started a rhythm of long, slow strokes, hitting Karyn's most sensitive spots with each stroke. She pushed back, rubbing herself against him with their hips met. She could still feel small tremors in her pussy, leftover from her prior orgasm. Each tremor meant feeling that warm hardness inside in a slightly different, delicious way with each insertion. Karyn relaxed into the pleasure.

After a short, more and more intense heavy fuck, Karyn could feel him growing inside her. She was thinking he was trying to put off coming when she heard him gasp out "I'm not going to last long" in a sort of strangled whisper. She grinned to herself at the effect she was having on him, bringing this unknown man to such an intense orgasm. His fantasies must have been working overtime. She squeezed her sugar walls upon him, and he groaned. Karyn's moans were letting him know that she was near as well. Suddenly and simultaneously, they were both over the top, their minds spiraling away to another place for a time, while their bodies quivered through long, intense orgasms. 

As Karyn's mind recovered, she heard her two friends screaming in ecstasy and a couple of telltale grunts from the guys releasing their hot white fluid into their lovers. Mike decided to let everyone recover for a while. Rather than decide the play for the night was over, he was determined to play out the script they'd developed. Of course that hadn't worked so far that evening. After a couple of minutes of shuffling, whispering and hesitation, Mike told the ladies that the auction was now concluded and that they had now been chosen. He instructed the men to get up and to walk to their new prize.

One of the guys took Karyn's hand and led her towards a couch. He held her hand high and she felt very much the princess, a naked, sweaty horny princess. This time, there would be no lengthy seduction as before. He simply bent Karyn over one arm of the oversized couch. Her excitement barely lessened, Karyn was certainly ready for him, despite the energy expended so far. She suddenly felt there was someone close when she realized it was one of the other ladies' heads, she must have been bent over the other side of the sofa. 

Karyn's new man went at it with vigor once he slid inside. While she was not always up for hard, forceful sex, she must have been still floating somewhere in orgasm heaven because her body reacted quickly to the attention and hard pounding. Without a word, her prince stopped and began filling her with his hot load. As soon as the second spurt filled her, Karyn climaxed from out of nowhere, her body bucking, fucking itself on the still hard cock within. She continued to cum repeatedly until she had drained this wonderful cock and had wrung out every drop of her fantastic orgasm, the best of the night.

Remarkably, Karyn thought, this guy wasn't finished. He began his own version of seduction, and after a great deal of teasing and caressing, he made another go of it. This time, he was much slower, more loving. They both kind of eased over the top. Tired and satisfied, they snuggled up together for a few minutes before being separated to bring the evening to a close.

While she lay on the couch, Karyn wondered, how did the guys sort out who was going to be with each woman? Did each have someone other than their wife? One thing Karyn had noticed was that whoever she was with had shaved around their cock. However, she hadn't sorted out whether she was the same guy each time. She was also impressed with the stamina and multiple fucks.

Mike called the men away. After they were dressed, each husband took the blindfolds off their wives and helped them get dressed. After several hugs, kisses and goodbyes, everyone headed to their own rooms. 

As they stepped into their room, Karyn asked Joe who she was with. Joe reminded her of the pact. She pouted and said, "all I know is that each person I was with was shaved down below, but that's about all I figured out." With that, Joe grinned and slipped his pants and underwear off so she could see that he had completely shaved before the party. Joe then fessed up that Karyn's entire evening had been with him. In fact, each husband took his own wife for the entire time.