 We grabbed our clothes and went inside. The girls led the way while Dave and I followed. 

"Bedroom or Living room?" Dave asked.

"Living room," Connie answered. "To start."

I was sent to the kitchen with instructions to bring back drinks for everyone. I quickly made a pitcher of margaritas and bolted for the living room. The first thing I saw when I got there was Connie and Tess, sitting side by side on the couch with their feet up on the coffee table. Connie's right hand was in Tess's lap rubbing her pussy. Tess was returning the favor with her left. 

Dave, instead of watching the girls, was busy moving the two chairs that sat opposite the couch. Clearing a spot across from the coffee table. 

"Rick," Connie said as I set the drinks down on the table. "Tess would like you guys do something for her."

"Sure," I said automatically. 

Dave immediately dropped to his knees and took my cock in his mouth. Once it was wet enough, he started gliding his hand up and down my shaft each time swirling his hand over the head, the same way Connie did when she sucked me. His mouth felt fantastic. He pulled away and flicked his tongue over the head, then licked his way down to my balls. Gently, he took one then the other into his mouth. It felt incredible. 

"Rick," I heard Tess's voice above my own moaning. "Why don't you lay down?"

Dave didn't stop sucking for even a second while I eased my self down on the floor. I looked over and saw the girls watching the action intently. Connie was pinching her thick nipples with one hand, while with the other; she was rubbing circles on Tess's clit. Tess was watching through half lidded eyes. Her hand was still down in Connie's crotch, with what looked like at least two fingers sliding in and out of Connie's pussy. 

I peered down and watched my cock sliding between Dave's lips. He looked up and our eyes met. He took my cock out of his mouth. 

"I'll be right back," he said. He gave the head one last lick and left. 

While I waited for his return, I sat back and listened to the wet sounds of both girls' pussies and stroked my hard cock. Dave returned moments later with the bottle of coconut oil; I'd used to jack off in front of Connie two nights before. He poured a generous amount of the oil onto my hand, cock and balls. While I continued to stroke my cock, he reached down and massaged my balls and my ass. My stroking got more intense when I felt his fingertip, first teasing then slipping into me. Not wanting to cum too quickly, I stopped stroking myself, reached out and started stroking his cock with my oil slick hand. My hand pumped up and down on him as he eased a second finger into my ass. 

Up until that moment, all of my bi fantasies revolved around me either having my cock sucked or sucking another guy's cock, I had never entertained the idea of actually getting fucked by one. However, with Dave pumping two fingers in my ass, I wanted more. I was just about to make the offer, when he pulled his fingers out and moved to straddle my body. 

"Mmmmm," I heard Connie moan. "This is going to be so hot."

Dave rubbed my oily cock against his own ass for a few strokes, then lifted himself up just enough to press the head against his hole and eased himself back down. I watched his cock throb as he started raising and lowering himself on my cock. I placed my hands on his hips and started driving myself up and into him. The girls got up from the couch. Connie came over to us and positioned herself behind Dave. She pushed her huge tits against his back while reaching around his body, rubbing his stomach, chest and nipples.

"Isn't this better than my vibe?" she whispered. 

"God yes," he moaned. 

Tess blocked my view of her hand running down his torso, towards his cock, suddenly as she squatted over my face. I watched her rub her clit a scant few inches above my eyes before she lowered her pussy onto my mouth.

"Lick my pussy Rick," she cried out as my tongue flicked across her swollen clit. "Make me cum."

I started at her clit, and then parted her wet pussy lip with my tongue. I fucked her with my mouth for a few moments, then slid my now pussy coated mouth to her butt. I fucked her ass with my tongue, until she pulled up and moved her clit back to my mouth.

"I want to cum," she moaned. 

"Do you like his big cock in your ass?" Connie whispered to Dave. "Do you like watching him eat my best friends pussy? Does it turn you on to know that I have eaten her pussy, just like that? Did you like watching me lick Ricks cum out of her? Or when she licked your cum out of me?"

Dave riding my cock while I ate Tess's pussy was too much for me to handle. I reached down to Daves hips and got him moving at just the right pace. With a groan, I let loose with my biggest load of the day. My cock kept throbbing and pumping into his ass. I never thought I would stop cumming. Tess's pussy gushed over my face as I sucked on her clit, making her cum just as hard as I did.

I was only given a few seconds to catch my breath when Dave hooked his arms under my legs and brought them up to my shoulder. Connie reached down and stroked his still oily cock against my ass.

"You ready for this?" she asked me. 

I only had the strength to nod. 

It hurt for a few seconds when Dave pressed his hips forward. Slowly my asshole stretched to accommodate the big head of his cock. Once inside, he gently started pumping back and forth, each time going a little deeper. It seemed to take forever, but after a couple of minutes he had his entire cock buried in my ass. The most surprising thing was I really loved the way it felt.

"Fuck me," I moaned.

"I don't know what makes me hotter," Connie told Tess, who was sitting on the sidelines watching. "Watching my husband get fucked by another guy or watching him fuck one."

I had a flash of pride on how drained Tess was. She was only able to manage a weak smile. Connie noticed it too. 

"Well since you did such a good job on Tess," she told me as Dave continued to slam into my ass. 

She quickly lifted her leg and pushed her bald wet pussy against my face. Her clit felt like the tip of a finger, it was so hard. I clamped my lips around it and sucked hard. Then I slid my tongue between her lips. She raised and lowered her body, fucking herself with my tongue. Sitting on my face it was easy for her to reach around my legs and pull them back even further than they were, making Daves cock drive even deeper in my ass. My cock, started to stiffen again as the huge head of Daves cock brushed against my prostate. 

Connie ground her clit against the flat of my tongue, her juices flowing freely out of her bald pussy. 

"I'm going to cum," she moaned. Her body started the now very familiar shaking. From underneath her, I could see her butt hole clench and relax in sync with her orgasm. The muffled moaning coming from her, told me she had her mouth pressed against Daves.  

"I'm cumming," Dave announced loudly. 

The feeling of his cock swelling and shooting off in my ass was like nothing I'd ever experienced. He never let up fucking me as he just kept squirting filling my ass with his cum. Connie pulled herself off of my face after Dave finally finished cumming. 

"I think we all need a shower," Connie stated as she stood up. The four of us were very sweaty and disheveled. "Connie, why don't you and Dave use the master bath? Rick and I will use the guest one."

Tess and Dave walked towards the back of the house. Connie stepped over to me and offered me her hand to help me up. When I stood, I found that my legs were quite wobbly.