 (A huge thanks to Angel Love for the great help in editing this story)

(This story follows my prior three: Amber Conquers, Sandi & Ashley are Great Teachers, and Lessons for Jessica)

One of my most recent adventures was only a few months ago. It involved my old buddy Sid, his wife Amy and Emily, which was a new romance of mine. Sid called me up and wanted to "double date" for the weekend and go to his cabin. He thought it would be a great time for the girls to get to know each other better. 

The cabin was great. It was exactly like you would picture a cabin that overlooked a small lake with mountains all around it. I had been there many times but mostly with just the guys. We would often go to the bar down the road and across the busy highway to pick up local girls. It was usually just a drunkfest though.

I liked Amy. She was a pretty hot red head. She was around five seven with nice tits, and a nice ass. She was also a tease, which is something I loved. We were all in our mid thirties and maybe I wasn't as picky as I used to be, but she really had it all. Emily too. I am pretty shallow so if I'm going to invite a girl to spend the weekend with me she'd better meet my requirements. She had a major rack on her. They were D cups and gravity still hadn't affected her all too negatively. Her ass was as firm as it had ever been. I think she knew what I wanted in a woman and was determined to please.

I usually do not like getting tied down, but Emily seemed pretty cool and we had been hitting it off for the last few months prior to our trip. We could hold down conversation as good as anyone and the sex was great. She was always willing to try new things and seemed to appreciate my knowledge of the female body.

We all drove together in Sid's four door Ford pickup. The drive up was only about one hour and twenty minutes but I was ready to get out and have a smoke when we pulled into the driveway. 

Sid lit up with me.

"So what are the plans tonight?" I asked. "A little different with the old ladies with us."

Sid laughed as he responded, "Well we just had an eight person spa installed and I know it'll get cold enough outside to try it tonight."

"Well I do not think I want to be swimming in that after your seedlings are let loose in there," I said jokingly. "Ready for a beer?" I pulled down his tailgate to get the ice chest.

He nodded as I handed him one. "Nothing like a cold beer with no worries in the world."

Thinking of some of the other visits to this place I asked him, "So are we going to screw our girls in the same room like we did those girls from the Mountain Top Inn? What were their names?"

He grinned and was racking his brain. "I don't remember . . . I guess we'll just have to see what happens. Let's get dinner on before it gets dark."

We all sat outside for dinner and to no surprise, Amy started teasing everyone. She even seemed to be flirting with Emily. 'I wonder if she has ever eaten pussy,' I thought to myself. 'That would be a nice sight to see.'

The girls grabbed the plates and silverware as Sid and I went to go have a smoke.

"So what's with Amy?" I asked. "She seems to be flirting with Emily."

Sid laughed. "That's just Amy. Not shy around anyone."

I chuckled. "So has she ever munched on carpet?"

"No comment," was all Sid could say.

"Hold on a second. Are you telling me that you have had threesomes with your wife?" I asked in disbelief? 

"I have nothing to say about that," Sid answered.

"You little devil! You lucky SOB. That's why I haven't wanted to get married. I always thought that my wife would be all I could screw. That changes everything."

Sid was laughing at me. "She's one wild chick. Tell you what; let us have the hot tub tonight and you'll hear how wild she is. The bears will come out of hibernation."

We put out our smokes and headed inside. I could hear giggling and loud talking. The girls must've had a little too much beer at dinner. But at least they were hitting it off.

As we made our way inside, I noticed Amy was missing her shirt and was just in her pretty black bra. "Whoa," I said.

"Sorry, I spilled beer on my shirt and haven't had a chance to change," she laughed.

"Well I think you got it on your bra too," I said looking over at Sid who didn't seem surprised at her at all.

She looked down. "Awe shit I did." She started taking it off. 

I was pleasantly surprised at the firmness of Amy's tits. She was nice and fit as well and her tits just fit her body great. They had to be a C cup.

I was surprised but Sid just laughed. "Emily now be a good friend and help her out of it," he pleaded. "While your at it, you should probably take yours off too so she doesn't feel out of place." 

Emily looked at me as if to ask, 'What have you gotten me into here?'

I nodded at her approving of it. "Alright . . . only for Amy," Emily responded. "Amy, I might need your help."

Usually nothing surprises me anymore but I was a little excited right about now. I felt my dick harden a bit in my pants.

I walked over to Emily as she was finishing the dishes topless and grabbed her melons from behind. Those huge tits felt great in my hands. She reached back and rubbed my erection. "I would love to ride this thing tonight but I'm just beat. Would you hate me if I turned in early tonight?" she asked.

Frustrated I thought I would let her have her way but I was hornier than hell by now. "I'd rather fuck you when you are at your prime anyway," I said.

The night went on after Emily went to bed. Amy was still walking around topless and my dick wanted some attention. I think Amy noticed because after staring at my crotch several times she asked if I wanted to join her and Sid in the hot tub.

I looked over at Sid and he didn't seem too bothered at the question. "It depends if it's alright with Sid. He might want to spend some time with you in there if you know what I mean."

"Oh he will,"she said with a sexy grin. "Well I'm going to go hop in."

"Me too," Sid said. And they both started walking that way. "You coming?"

"I'll be there in a bit. I want to go have another smoke," I answered.

I made my way out and around the house and behind the shrubs that would hide me from the hot tub. I wanted to see if I could figure out what I was getting myself into. I made it there before they both came out of the house. I figured that they were going to get their bathing suits on but I was wrong.

They both walked out of the back sliding door completely naked. Sid pinched her ass as she walked up the steps to get in. Dang she was hot. What an ass! They both got in and immediately embraced. I figured I'd give them a chance to knock one out but they left the embrace and sat down.

"Do you think he'll do it?" Amy asked Sid.

"I think you can convince him. I just don't want anything weird between all of us if he does. I am not worried about you at all, but I think it could really change things for him and I," Sid answered. "Shortly after high school I found out that he screwed Amber which was my girlfriend at the time. It was his ex so I wasn't super mad, but I did kind of feel like he betrayed my trust. I never told him that I knew though."

I stopped dead. I had no idea that he knew about Amber and me. He never showed any anger or anything. Maybe he realized that by going after Amber he essentially did the same thing to me. Oh well, that was over eighteen years ago and we have been great friends ever since.

Amy kissed him. "It all worked out didn't it?" "Oh heck yeah," Sid answered as he kissed her on the forehead.

I decided that I might as well hop in because I didn't want to let them down and my balls were starting to turn blue. I made my way back to the front door and quietly changed into my swim shorts while Emily slept. I was trying to figure out what she was supposed to convince me to do. I figured I would find out soon enough.

I walked out the sliding door and Amy immediately stood up. "No way. Take the shorts off bud or you can't come in." 

I figured that would be the case but since they didn't know I was watching them get in naked, I figured it would look strange for me to come out of the house with nothing on.

Though it was kind of dark with only the deck light shining down, I could see Amy's nicely trimmed reddish beaver and it impressed me. I would expect nothing less from her by now.

I took off my shorts and looked up. Amy was watching intently. Her eyebrows went up when my dick flopped out of my pants.

"Sid told me that you were pretty big. Now why would Sid know that?" she asked.

"Gym class for sure," I answered as I flashed back to the mountain chicks we screwed up here not long ago on the living room couch and floor. I stepped into the tub.

Amy reached up and grabbed my ass. "Hey now!" I exclaimed. I looked up at Sid as he laughed. "What's going on here buddy?" I asked unsure of how to act.

"I'm really sorry about this. She has had a lot to drink," he answered.

Amy splashed him. "No I haven't asshole. Tell him."

"Tell me what?" I asked.

"Well . . . ," Sid seemed to think about it. "Amy made a deal with me that if she let a girl join us, then she could chose whomever she wanted to fuck of my friends. At the time, I thought it was a great idea. Now I'm not so sure."

"Don't I have a choice in this?" I asked. "Emily is right inside the cabin. I'm actually getting along great with her! I don't want to screw that up."

"She doesn't need to know . . . or she can join us!" Amy laughed.

Sid splashed her back. "Well I'll leave it up to you man. I know Amy loves me and won't stray. Besides, I'd rather her be doing you then some of our other friends. I'm going to go to bed and try to squash it from my memory."

He got up from the tub as I was saying, "I'm not too comfortable being your little experiment." She reached over toward me and grabbed my dick. It was hard keeping it at bay while we were talking about this. It started to harden at her touch. I started to think that Sid was right when he told Amy that she could convince me. She continued to stroke it and all thinking went from my head, which usually could make decent decisions to my dickhead, which was usually pretty selfish.

"And it keeps getting bigger," she said in a seductive voice.

I picked her up and sat her ass on the edge of the hot tub. I spread her legs and started licking her thighs just far enough away from her pussy to tease her good. She grabbed my head and tried to pull it toward her crotch but I fought it. I reached up to fondle her beautiful tits. I continued to tease her vagina while playing with her nipples. She moaned in approval and I could see her lower lips just wanting to be sucked. Finally after about three minutes of teasing her I dove in. I started by licking the outside of her lips. 

"Ummm," I could hear the delight in her voice. "That feels so good."

I gave a nice lick up and down the slit and finally started to focus on her swollen clit. I sucked on it and flicked it with my tongue. She kept pulling my head toward her.

"You are a master!" she exclaimed.

I could tell she was ready to cum. I shoved a few fingers in her and continued to suck on her sweet swollen clit. Her legs fell over my shoulders and put my head in a vice grip. They started shaking pretty wildly and she gasped in pure pleasure. The dam had opened its gates and juices were flowing around my goatee. I continued to fuck her with my tongue until she had her second big 'O' of the night. She finally made me stop.

"I can't take it anymore," she gasped. "I won't be able to walk to bed if you keep it up."

My dick was throbbing and I was hoping that she wasn't going to just settle for the best licking of her life. I pulled her back into the hot tub and she immediately went for my pole. All of a sudden she went under water and I figured I knew why. She started sucking me and stroking me at the same time. In the water my sensitivity wasn't the greatest but it sure felt good.

She finally came up for air. "Why don't you have a seat on the edge now?" she asked.

I happily complied and couldn't believe I was doing my best friend's wife while he was sleeping.

Amy was sucking my big cock and doing her best to deep throat me. She couldn't but was giving it all she had until she gagged. "Sorry," she said as she laughed.

I pushed her head down again not wanting her to take her eye off the goal.

She rubbed my balls with her left hand and continued to stroke me with her right. I was getting worked up. I heard what sounded like some leaves being crunched about twenty yards from where we were. I looked over to the area where I was smoking earlier but couldn't see anything.

I was getting ready to spew my seed into her mouth so I started thrusting my hips to match her strokes. I warned her, "I'm about ready to cum."

Seconds later she gagged as I spewed everything I had to give. She was doing all she could to swallow but some of my seed started spilling out of the corners of her mouth. She swallowed again and using her fingers, wiped the cum from her cheeks and then licked her fingers clean. She licked the tip of my dick getting all the rest. I swear not a single seedling landed in the water.

I hopped down from the edge of the tub. After we settled down a bit, she asked, "Do you have anything left for me? That was pure bliss and all but I would love that massive dick of yours in my pussy."

"Let's find out," I answered as I bent over to kiss her. I tasted remnants of my own cum in her mouth. I went down to suck on her inviting nipples. I really wanted to titty fuck her but decided to leave it for another day.

I started to harden again and she reached down to grab on once she felt it brush against her leg. "I guess you do have more," she smiled.

I sat down on one of the seats and turned her away from me. Instinctively she moved to sit on my dick. She grabbed my cock and glided her pussy onto it. My mushroom tip entered her with no resistance and she slowly made her way all the way down on my little man.

"Awe. Man that feels like heaven!" she exclaimed. She started her rhythm going up and down.

I reached around to grab her beautiful tits. I loved this position because it always allowed me to fondle lovely tits in their natural unhindered position. "Shhh," I whispered to her. "I heard something in the bushes over there."

"Don't worry about it. It's probably just a raccoon or something," she said as she started moving faster. "Oh. Oh yeah," She was going to wake up Emily and Sid if she kept it up.

I knew that we were both about to cum so I reached my right hand down to her crotch. Finding her clit I started to massage it with my middle finger. It had the affect on her that I anticipated and she started moaning louder and louder. 

"Oh . . . Oh! Uuuunnnhhh! Ooooohhhh! Ooooohhhh!"

She started bouncing up and down faster and faster and my dick almost fell out a few times. Her body started moving convulsively and I just couldn't take it anymore. We both came at the same time. She slowed down milking everything out of me. As I let out a sigh, she stopped. With me still inside of her, she turned her upper body around and gave me a huge wet kiss. We locked tongues for a while. I still couldn't believe that I just fucked my best friend's wife.

We just sat there for what seemed like forever. I continued to fondle her tits. I couldn't get enough of them. My dick finally fell out of her and I think we both realized it was time to head in. We were both starting to look like prunes. We both got out of the hot tub and I put my shorts back on. She stopped me and hugged me. "That was great!" she said. "I hope it wasn't the last time either."

I was used to that response with most women but she was married to my best friend. She was a wild gal that's for sure. 

As I headed into the house I noticed Sid was walking in the front door. "Where were you?" I asked.

"Where do you think I was?" he responded. "You looked right at me twice while you were banging my wife," he smiled. "Well now her and I are even and I hope this doesn't change anything between you and I."

"If you promise then I'll promise," I said. I still felt uncomfortable though. This free love thing is great but emotions are hard to hide.

Sid and I went outside to have a smoke. When we were done shooting the shit, I headed in for some well-needed sleep.

"How was it?" asked Emily.

"Holy shit I thought you were asleep," I blurted. "How was what?"

"Don't worry Amy talked to me about it the other day. I gave her my blessing. After all you and I aren't married, you are great in the sack, and Sid made her a deal. Who am I to deny her of that? So how was it?"

"Honestly it was awesome but you are much hotter. And you are better in the sack. I was thinking of you the entire time," I lied.

The next morning we all sat around the table for the breakfast that the girls made for us. I was feeling a little awkward at first because everyone sitting at the table knew what happened between the two of us. Sid started the conversation and my awkwardness left shortly thereafter.

I asked Sid, "So what are we doing today?"

"I was thinking of renting a pontoon boat from the marina. Would that be ok with everyone?" he asked.

The girls both giggled. I saw trouble. "What am I missing?" I asked.

"Oh nothing. I just pictured the other boats passing us on the lake checking out our tits," Amy replied.

"Yeah they are going to get a show," Emily piped in.

I felt my bulge start to harden. "I'm in," I announced and everyone had a laugh.

We finished clearing the breakfast table and packing our ice chests. The sun was getting pretty hot today so it appeared as though it would be a great day for sun and beer on the lake.

We finished with details at the rental desk and walked down the dock to find our boat. The girls were already threatening to get topless right there on the dock. Sid and I both called their bluff but they didn't bite.

We found our boat and got situated. We untied the ropes from the dock and made our way out onto the lake. It didn't take long for the girls to take their tops off. I wasn't sure if it was to get a tan or to get us horny.

The girls laid down. As Sid and I were shooting the shit, I saw Amy start rubbing sun tan lotion over Emily's back. It appeared as though she was enjoying herself immensely. It was obvious that they were getting along great as they were laughing and flirting with each other. It appeared as though Amy was spending an extra amount of time around Emily's lower butt and inner thigh area. Emily turned over onto her back and Amy started on the front!

"This is too much," I said to Sid. "What have we gotten ourselves into here?"

"I say we just enjoy ourselves and let them be," he replied.

The girls kept on having a good time with each other but they never seemed to pass the point of no return. Boats were driving past us and whistling and would often come back around for another peek. We finally made our way into a secluded cove about halfway down the south side of the lake and pulled in. We threw the anchor in the water about fifteen feet from the beach. The girls decided to take their tops off and jump in.

"Take your's off too!" Emily yelled as she looked at Sid and me.

"I don't think so sweetheart," Sid replied.

"Come on you pussy," Amy laughed. "What are you scared of?"

"Burning my dick off!" he answered.

"I'll put lotion on you honey," Amy was persistent.

Sid looked at me wondering what I thought. I shrugged my shoulders as if to say 'whatever.'

Amy swam up to the side of the boat and motioned Sid to sit down hanging his feet off the edge. "Take your shorts down," she demanded.

To my surprise Sid complied and took his swim shorts off. He grabbed the lotion and threw his shorts on the seat and quickly sat down on the edge of the boat. 
