 Monday seemed to come around fairly quickly. After my morning fucking the plumbers in the office, my lunch with the girls had turned into a pretty wild night out, and I had ended up dirty dancing with and kissing a guy on the dance floor of the salsa bar we ended up in. I felt pretty slutty doing that only 12 hours after the threesome.

I was a bit glum as I started on with my work, when Mel, the PA whose desk I'd been fucked on, knocked on the connecting door and popped her head round the door. "Sophie, can I have a word please?" she asked.

"Sure, take a seat," I said.

"I think we might need new cleaners. The ones we have aren't that great. Last week, I noticed the cushions on the reception sofa all messed up, which isn't that bad, but then this morning my desk was messy. And you know I always pride myself on a spotless desk," she complained. 

Mel is a prude, so I hadn't lied to the plumbers, but she's a hard worker and I should have been more careful to tidy up. "Sorry about this Mel, I should have told you all, the cleaning company sent different staff the past two Fridays as our usual ladies have been off. I will speak to them though and ask for the normal staff or at least different ones. If we're still in the same boat next week, then we'll review," I said, knowing that the plumbers would not be paying another visit and therefore the office would be as spotless as when the cleaners leave. I felt a little bad blaming them, but I could hardly tell her that I'd had my pussy and ass roughly fucked on her desk.

The week then proceeded without note, until Thursday afternoon, when the boss called me to his office. "Sophie, how are you?" he asked. I felt guilty for thinking this, but my boss was quite an attractive guy and in his early 40s, which was young to run such a successful practice. He was also a considerate, gentle man, or so I thought.

"Well thanks Simon. Is everything ok?" I asked.

"Yes, it's just this major project we're working on, I need to come in at the weekend. I need support," he said.

"OK, I can speak to Mel when I get downstairs," I said, helpfully. I was relieved that he was talking about work. He'd hardly talked to me all week, and the guilty part of me thought it was because of leaving his office in such a mess last weekend.

"No, I can't ask Mel, it's her step son's birthday this weekend," he said.

"So how about..." I started saying, about to offer one of the sectaries.

"I know what you're going to say. But no, their work is a bit hit and miss and I need someone reliable. Soooo, I was wondering, can you make it in? I know you've been in the last two Saturdays but I'd really appreciate it and you'd get a bonus," he asked.

I was hesitant, but after a bit more convincing from Simon, I gave in and agreed. I was kicking myself. If it was a Saturday with the plumbers, I would have willingly volunteered. But working with the boss didn't have the same appeal, even if he was attractive.

So, here I was again, another Saturday up early and getting ready. This time I dressed much more conservatively, though causally, in dark blue summer dress, this time with bra and knickers. As it was raining, I tied my hair back and put my jacket on, and made my way across town. Being back to the usual Mancunian weather made it slightly easier to be inside working.

When I arrived in to the office, Simon was just making his way upstairs with a cup of tea. "Hi, Sophie. Make yourself a drink and come up, so I can tell you what needs doing," he called down to me.

As I was making my tea in the kitchen, my mind wandered to Mark bringing me to orgasm in this very room a week ago. And again, when I first walked in to Simon's office, I thought back to the face fucking last week.

"Sophie, let me be straight with you," he said, after we'd talked about our Friday evenings - his spent in the office, mine spent having dinner with my sister.

"OK..." I said, feeling nervous.

"I finished the project last night," he admitted.

"Oh, so..." I said, my heart racing.

"Mel was moaning to me last week about the cleaners. I'd noticed it too, as when I came into my office last Monday, it was in a bit of a mess. My ties were on the floor, the blinds open, my ruler was not exactly where I had left it," he said. One reason Mel and Simon worked well together is that they were just as particular as to how they ordered their desks.

"I did speak to Mel about that," I said. My heart was almost jumping out of my chest it was racing so hard.

"Yes, she said. But you know, I also wondered, why you had to come in last Saturday. Why didn't you get them to look at the kitchen whilst they were here for the loos?" he asked. 

"Well, er, I thought it would be better, for them I mean," I stuttered. I had a feeling I'd been found out.

"That's what you told me last week. But then when I had coffee with Jeff, you know who works in the building across the way," he said, pointing to the building directly opposite. I nodded as Simon continued, "he said that he thought he had seen you in my office with two guys, which I said was odd and must have been mistaken, but then I noticed this on the window,"

As Simon pointed to what was clearly some dried cum, assuming from Josh when he came on my tits, I finished the rest of my tea in one big gulp and didn't look at Simon. He then continued, "So then last night, as I was finishing, I was going to text you to tell you not to come in, when I saw Layla, you know our usual cleaning lady, and asked her if she'd enjoyed her last two long weekends off. Do you know what she said?"

"Erm, no..." I said, struggling to look at him in the eye and wishing I had more tea.

"She said she'd not been off and that she'd been working. So, do you want to be straight with me?" he asked, pretty sternly. By now, he'd moved from his seat and was perched on the desk in front of me. He had the three ties, which had been used to restrain me, in his hand.

"Erm, so, I can explain..." I said.

"Can you not look at me?" he asked, even more sternly than before.

I looked directly at him. His eyebrows were raised and he looked pretty cross. After being dominated last weekend, this look caused my pussy to twitch and I shifted uncomfortably in the chair.

"Uncomfortable, are we?" he asked, with a heavy hint of sarcasm in his voice. Before I had chance to answer, I heard the bell downstairs ring. I moved as though to go get it, when Simon told me to stay where I was. I was confused, until he appeared with Mark and Josh, who were wearing looser fitting jeans and t-shirts, though they still looked hot and completely fuckable.

"So, lads, I was just talking to Sophie here about the last two weekends," he said, before he filled them in with exactly what he'd found out. They looked as guilty as I did.

"Sophie is unusually stuck for words, so can you tell me, exactly what went on?" Simon asked.

"Exactly?" Mark asked.

"Yes." Simon said, and he again perched on the desk in front of me with his arms crossed. He'd left the ties on the corner of the desk.

"This is what you called us in for?" Josh asked.

"Yep," was the curt response from my boss.They looked at each other, then me, and shrugged their shoulders. Mark then proceeded to tell Simon about it. I looked at them, and Josh smirked at me. Was this the plan all along? Or are they just getting a kick out of being caught and telling my boss what a slut I have been?

"So, Mark, how exactly did you restrain her with my ties?" Simon asked. He listened intently as Mark described it.

"Can you show me?" he asked, handing the ties to Mark. I looked at them and shook my head. "Don't listen to her, show me!" Simon said. 

So Mark came over, and motioned for me to stand up. He whispered 'slut' in my ear as he began to kiss down my neck and undo the zip on my summer dress. "I guess you want her naked too?" he asked Simon.

"Yes, of course," he replied, watching as Mark undressed me. Firstly to my underwear. Simon told him to stop for a moment and he clearly took in the view. Simon then stood up, his pleasure clearly showing in his trousers, and came over and snapped open my bra. Mark then continued by taking off my knickers and pinching my nipples, causing me to yelp in pain.

He then led me over to the chair, where Josh took over, and tied me to Simon's chair. The blinds were shut this time, though Simon had adjusted the slats so that daylight seeped in to the office.

By now, Simon was perched on the side of his desk next to his chair, admiring the view in front of him. "I want you two to give her an orgasm, but no fucking," Simon ordered them.

Mark then knelt in front of me, no questions asked, and began to lick me and finger my pussy until I came. I felt humiliated, having an orgasm in front of my boss, but in the moment it felt so good, I temporarily forgot that he was watching.

"Your turn," Simon said, turning to Josh.

Josh, again, licked and fingered me, but this time, instead of my clit and pussy, he went to my ass. He had to move me forward slightly so I was at the edge of the chair, to get good access, which made it more uncomfortable, with my arms still tied behind the chair. Soon the pleasure of having my ass licked and finger fucked over took and I had another, more powerful, orgasm.

"God, you really like anal don't you, slut," Simon said to me. I could only look at him, as I was still panting from the orgasm.

Mark and Josh were clearly aroused, which didn't go unnoticed by Simon. "Look, you boys have had fun the past two weeks, so I'm not going to let you fuck her, but I will let you pleasure yourselves over her," he instructed.

They then pulled their trousers down and both stood over me, Mark slightly to my left and Josh to the right. At first they seemed self-conscious wanking in front of Simon, but after they were told to get on with it, they started stroking themselves, first in long slow strokes but then, almost in time with each other, gave way to more frantic wanking as they reached their orgasm. I loved the feel of their cum on my body.

"That ok lads?" Simon asked.

"Yeah, thanks mate," Mark answered, as the two plumbers began to get dressed.

"Not so fast. I want you to lick your cum off her body. I don't want to fuck her in this state," Simon said, sounding disgusted. Both Josh and Mark hesitated for a moment, but then after Simon told them again, they knelt at either side of me. Whether they were licking their own cum or each others, I don't know. Every now and again, their tongues would meet, which Simon took pleasure in pointing out. After the plumbers finished cleaning me with their tongues, my boss made them kiss each other, which they seemed to enjoy more than I expected. It was such a turn on, I nearly came to orgasm.

"Good, well you two can go now, and you'll never come here again, understand?" Simon said, forcefully, after they had finished kissing. They nodded and then left, after pulling their jeans back up.

After they had left, he went downstairs to lock the front door and came up. He was undoing his tie as he entered. I was still sat in the same position, with the cum on my body. Simon came over, looking at me up and down, his erection growing again.

"Look at the state of your face, your mascara is all down your face," Simon said, "you look like quite the slut."

He disappeared into his bathroom and brought out a damp towel, which he used to clean my face up. "That's better!" he said, discarding the towel. He then reached behind the chair and undid the hand tie. The feel of his shirt on my naked body felt really good and my nipples immediately became erect. Simon noticed this and bit them, before kneeling down in front of me to undo the leg ties. As my hands were free, I instinctively stroked his head, as if to signal what I wanted.

"Slut, don't touch me unless I tell you do!" he said, forcefully removing my hand. "I was going to pleasure you but now, as punishment, I won't!" he said, then he took my clit between his thumb and finger and roughly twisted it until I yelped in pain. He then ordered me to sit on the sofa.

Simon was now stood in front of me and he looked at me, with disdain and lust in equal parts. By now, he had unbuttoned his shirt, unbuckled his belt and unzipped his trousers, showing enough of his body and every hardening cock to tease me. I had always thought he was attractive but never imagined his body would be so toned, a 21 year old would have been proud of it.

"I would be well within my rights to sack you. But where would the fun be in that, for me, when I can punish you? " he said, before ordering me to stand up and then grabbing my hair. He pulled my head back, and then traced his tongue down from my chin, down the front of my neck til he reached the area in between my two breasts.

"I mean, I get to torture you when I like and any time I need you to do over time or anything out of the ordinary, I know you'll do exactly as I say," he said, with an authoritative tone to his voice. One I'd not heard before.

"Yes, boss," was my gut response. I kicked myself mentally for that, but it just came out.

"That's what I am to you," he told me, before he sucked and bit my left nipple, causing me to cry in pain and pleasure. He laughed to himself, before turning to the next nipple. He then let go of my hair as he ran his hands all over my body, exploring every inch. 

"Your pussy is so wet for me...were you this wet for those two boys?" Simon asked as he fingered me, more expertly than the plumbers. 

I was barely able to stand because of intense pleasure, let alone think back to last week or speak. "Boss, I can't remember, your fingers are..." was all I could manage.

"You're liking what I'm doing?" he asked, though he knew very well that I was.

"Uh huh!" I said. He then pulled his fingers out and put them in my mouth, ordering me to lick them clean.

"Now bend over the desk," he ordered. I did as I was told, and went over to his desk, and bent over, so I was on full display to my boss.

"Arms stretched out," he ordered again. Again, I did as I was told. I then heard him undressing himself. I turned to look, as I wanted to see him in all his glory.

"Now now slut, I'll decide when you get to watch anything," he told me, and forced my head so I was looking forward. I heard him remove his shirt and the sound of his belt as he took off his trousers and stepped out of them. I also heard him talking the belt off his trousers. I was expecting the next sound to be that of his underpants coming off.

Instead, it wasn't a sound, but a feeling. Of leather. Hitting my ass, hardly. It was sharp enough to make me open my eyes and yell "Ohmygod!" at the top of my voice. I heard him snigger to himself and then felt the belt again and again and again, each time alternating cheek. As I got used to the sting, I found it more pleasurable. I'd never been spanked like this before and I loved it.

"I think you're starting to enjoy this too much, no more," he told me. He then ran his hand over my red raw ass, as if soothing it slightly. 

He then stopped and removed his underpants. The next feeling was of the tip of his penis rubbing against my smooth labia, which I'd kept hair free since last week, and felt like he was teasing me forever before finally resting against the entrance to my pussy.

"Do you want this?" he asked.

"Yes," I responded.

"How much?" he asked.

"More than anything," I said. Right now, there was nothing more in the world that could satisfy me.

"Really?" he enquired.

"Yes, please fuck me!" I said.

"Hmmm, I'm so sure," he said. He then appeared in front of me. I looked up and could see him naked - his fine body, and his erect cock, which was large but not too large. I moved my hand, as I wanted to touch him. 

"No touching, hands back where they were," he instructed. I did as I was told, and he just stood there, for what seemed like forever, letting me look at his cock. This made my pussy wetter and wetter and I was tingling all over with anticipation.

Simon then returned to his previous position behind me, and instead of teasing me, his own lust got the better of him, and he plunged his cock hardly into my pussy. It felt absolutely fucking amazing, and I told him that.

His hands gripped my still red raw ass as he pumped harder and harder into me, as he got rougher, he slapped my red raw cheeks to heighten my pleasure/pain feeling. My pleasure was building to orgasm, and when I told Simon, he stopped and withdrew.

"No orgasm yet, for you or for me," he said.

Simon then proceeded to lubricate my ass hole with the juices from my pussy. He also spat onto it, to make sure it was really ready, as he said. He then pushed his penis back into my pussy, but only briefly, as though to lubricate himself, and then took his cock out of my pussy and straight into my ass. No gentle entry into my hole, as Josh had last week, but one, long hard push. I yelled out, mainly in pain but I didn't want him to stop. 

After resting for a few moments in one position, he began to fuck my ass hardly. I loved the feel of his smooth balls hitting my smooth skin - Josh had hairy balls, but Simon was well groomed, and it felt really good. 

As Simon's orgasm neared, he pulled my hair with one hand and slapped my red arse with the other. He was so fucking athletic the way he kept pumping away at my ass like this and I was impressed with how long he could fuck before coming. But, eventually he did and it felt spectacular, especially as it coincided with my own orgasm.

Simon and I stayed where we were for a few moments, until his cock became soft.

"So..."I said, as moved from the position I'd been in for some time, and saw Simon flaked on his sofa.

"Yeah, so..." he said, "let's not tell anyone. We'll tell Mel that the cleaners are ok and you, well, no more fucking the workmen."

"Understood, boss," I said, as I re-dressed. 

"Don't call me that..." he said.

"You liked it...?"

"Yes, a bit too much!" he smirked.

"So, can I go home?" I asked

"Yes, sure," he said. I thanked him and then started towards the door.

"Just one more thing," he said, as I opened his office door, "I said no more fucking the workmen because the only person you'll fuck is me, unless I say otherwise. I meant what I said before. You'll do as I say, and that means anything."

"Anything?" I asked, raising my eyebrows.

"Have a good weekend, Sophie, see you early on Monday," was all he said in response to my question.

As I walked home, I wondered what he meant by 'anything' and it made me moist just to think of the possibilities.