 AUTHOR'S NOTE: At the conclusion of the story Tennis Club Swingers, members of the club went on a cruise. Also joining the cruise were characters from the series "And Mother Makes Four." I received a number of e-mails requesting that I write about the cruise and how the two groups got along for seven days at sea. If you have read the other stories you know that it is non-stop sex and this story is no different. If a lot of sex is not to your liking then I suggest you pass on this story. Enjoy! 

*

INTRODUCTION

Dana & Steve, Denise & Dick, John & Judy, Tom & Carla, Jimmy & Kimmy, Vince & Mary, Mike & Shirley, Walt & Trudy and Peggy and Sharon tennis club swingers were aboard the clothing optional cruise. Also taking the cruise were Marla, Joannie, Jerry, Biff, Sondra, Boris, Ivan and Carrie. Both parties had arrived on the cruise ship and were receiving their orientation, instructions and cabin assignments. As it turned out all the swingers from the tennis club and Marla's party were on the same cabin deck. That evening they dined together and then moved around from room to room sharing cocktails and making introductions. Marla's group took notice of all the beautiful people from the tennis club. Likewise Dana and the others were enthralled with Marla and her guests.

The tennis club members revealed their relationships to Marla and her guests and in turn Marla shared the family secrets with Dana's party. The tennis club members were especially turned on when they learned that Marla, Jerry and Joannie were related and that Boris, Ivan and Sondra were brothers and sister. Marla and Joannie bragged about Biff's big dick and in turn, Dana and Denise bragged about Walt's impressive cock. Tom was thrilled to learn that Jerry, Boris and Ivan were bi-sexual and Peggy was thrilled to learn that Marla, Joannie, Sondra and Carrie were also bi-sexual. Many secrets were shared that night before everyone retired to their own room. The first night everyone stayed in their room with their partner but they all knew that beginning the next day that would change. It would be like musical rooms for the next seven days.

DAY ONE AT SEA -- THE LATE MORNING

The next morning everyone met at breakfast. The food was served buffet style and it was fresh and delicious. The two groups chatted idly as they ate but what was really on their minds was what they others looked like naked. They would all find out soon enough.

After breakfast the two groups headed for the sun deck and swimming pool. They all wore bathing suits until they got to the deck then the clothing came off and beautiful bodies were on display. The tennis club group and Marla's group took over the deck and other people on the cruise found other locations to hang out. Many of the other vacationers were embarrassed by the two group's behavior.

Biff wasted no time seeking out Trudy who was lying naked on her stomach. Walt was cool with Biff hitting on Trudy as he had already set his sights on Joannie and Sondra. Walt took the lounge vacated by Biff next to Joannie. Biff introduced himself to Trudy who seemed put out that Walt had left her so quickly.

"Hi, my name's Biff and I'm with Marla's group. You're Trudy right? We met last night," Biff began.

"Yes, I remember," Trudy replied curtly.

"Hey you know this sun can be brutal. Let me put some lotion on you," Biff offered.

"No that's okay, I'm fine," Trudy answered not wanting strange hands on her body.

"It's no problem," Biff said assuredly and then began to apply the lotion to Trudy's shoulders and back.

"Please don't I really don't want you to do that," Trudy asked.

"Listen doll with that body of yours there are going to be a lot of hands on you before this cruise is over. Look at your boyfriend he is already putting lotion on Joannie's hot ass," Biff leaned in and whispered to her.

Trudy turned her head to locate Walt and sure enough he was rubbing lotion on the blonde's ass. Trudy watched as Walt rubbed the lotion in and Joannie wiggled her ass in response. Then Trudy saw Walt's hands slide between Joannie's legs and touch her pussy. He then moved his hand back up between Joannie's buttocks and appeared to be probing her asshole.

Trudy had momentarily forgotten about Biff but then she felt his hands on her ass cheeks. Trudy turned to look at Biff and tell him to stop. When she did she saw his huge cock standing straight up and she gasped. My God he's bigger than Walt," she thought to herself. 

While Biff and Walt were putting the moves on Trudy and Joannie, Carrie was sitting on the edge of the Jacuzzi telling others about her experience with five guys at one time. Mike, Dick and Steve were all over this and then they recruited Vince and Jimmy to join them. Within minutes Carrie was headed to her cabin with the five guys close behind. 

Marla, Sondra, Boris, Ivan, Jerry, Dana, Denise, Sharon, Mary, Kimmy, Shirley, Peggy, John, Judy and Tom were all still on the deck sun bathing and talking. John clearly had eyes for the beautiful blonde Sondra while Boris and Ivan were dialed in on the pretty oriental Kimmy. Peggy was all ears listening to Marla tell the story about the all girl orgy at her house. Then Marla invited all the women back to her cabin to see all the neat sex toys that she and Joannie had brought along. 

Sondra went with John to his cabin. Ivan and Boris took Kimmy to their cabin and all the women went with Marla to her cabin. That left Tom and Jerry to enjoy themselves so Tom joined Jerry in his cabin and the two of them discussed their bi-sexual experiences. In the meantime Walt enthusiastically went with Joannie to her cabin while Biff continued to work on Trudy. Once Trudy saw Walt leave with Joannie, she somewhat reluctantly agreed to invite Biff to her cabin since the cabin that Biff and Marla shared was occupied with by women. 

The deck was cleared as everyone from the two groups headed for the cabins. The ship's captain, Rocco Bruni, and the cruise social director Julie Morgan along with the second in command Clark Morton watched with interest as the two groups left the sun deck. 

"I have a feeling that there will be plenty of action going in that row of cabins this cruise." Rocco stated.

"I would love to be a fly on the wall in those cabins right now," Julie added.

"Who are you kidding? You know you would like to be in one of those cabin beds with one of those big cocks in your pussy," Clark said with a chuckle as he grabbed one of Julie's ass cheeks.

DAY ONE AT SEA -- BIFF AND TRUDY

In Trudy and Walt's cabin, Biff quickly had Trudy on the bed and he was fondling and kissing her beautiful tits. Trudy like the attention he paid to her breasts as it made her feel so feminine. He gently massaged them in his big meaty hands and he gently nibbled on her erect nipples. Trudy actually had a mild orgasm and he pussy was dripping wet by the time Biff made his way down her body. He trailed kisses from Trudy's tits over her abs and around her pubes. Then he by passed her pussy and kissed her inner thighs working his way back up to her pubes.

In a reflex action Trudy lifted her hips toward Biff's mouth but he continued to tease her and prolonged her desire. Finally his tongue flicked over her wet pussy and Trudy jumped in response. It was like a static charge had touched her body. Trudy reached for Biff's head and he let her guide it to her pussy. Biff tongued Trudy's pussy and probed her passage with his thick tongue. Trudy gasped aloud as the tongue wormed its way into her vagina and grazed over her clit. Once Biff found her clit he sucked it into hardness and then gently nibbled it sending Trudy over the edge.

Trudy screamed into her forearm muffling the sound as her hips rose of the bed and humped Biff's face. Biff reached under her and held her by her firm shapely ass as she reached her crescendo. Trudy thrust her hips several times as she orgasmed and then collapsed on the bed. Biff moved up her body and kissed her tenderly probing her mouth with his tongue and letting her taste her own love juice. Then he eased Trudy's legs apart and slowly penetrated her with his big throbbing cock. 

Trudy felt the massive shaft enter her slowly and she realized that Biff's cock was longer and thicker than Walt's cock; not by much but by enough to feel the difference. Once Biff was all the way in he stopped for a few seconds and let Trudy feel how full she was. Then he began to fuck her slowly keeping his cock in constant contact with her clit. Trudy had several more orgasms before Biff finally ejaculated in her womb. She felt the force of his cum shoot into her and it seemed as if he would never stop cumming. Trudy had an intense orgasm and then she collapsed on the bed. Biff eased his cock from her pussy and she good feel the wetness trickle across her inner thighs. Trudy felt a huge void in her pussy when Biff pulled out of her.

Biff rolled the almost lifeless body of Trudy over on her belly. Then he began to massage her gorgeous ass cheeks. Biff spent a long time on Trudy's ass as he loved massaging it and looking at it. Biff then pulled Trudy up by her hips so that her curvy ass was in the air. Trudy kept her head down on the bed and she looked so fuckable in that position. Biff dipped his head down between Trudy's buttocks and flicked his tongue over her anus. Trudy's ass clenched in response but Biff continued to rim her. Trudy tried to relax as Biff continued to lick and probe her anus but she knew that she was being prepared to be butt fucked and she wasn't sure she could take Biff's cock.

Biff found some cream and then he began to lubricate Trudy's asshole. Biff was pleased that his finger went in easily as it told him she had been butt fucked before. Biff silently hoped that it had been Walt that fucked Trudy's ass and had stretched her opening. Satisfied that her asshole was well lubed, Biff applied a liberal amount of cream to his huge cock and then added his saliva to make it as slippery as possible. He then put the head of his cock at the entrance to Trudy's ass and pushed it in slowly. 

Trudy groaned when she felt he anal penetration and she reached back and placed a hand on Biff's thigh. Trudy was resolved to be butt fucked again but she didn't want Biff to move to fast and too deep at first. Slowly inch by inch Biff's cock entered her ass until it was buried in her. Trudy had never felt so full in her life and she was afraid to move. Biff eased his cock back leaving just the head in and then slowly filled her ass again. He did this several times and Trudy loosened up. Biff then picked up the pace fucking her ass. He massaged her shapely globes as he watched his cock slide in and out of her magnificent ass. Trudy moaned and groaned as the big shaft slid in and out of her.

Biff then pushed forward with one final thrust and unloaded in her rectum. Trudy felt the massive cum shot jet into her and she felt Biff's cock pulsating as it fired round after round into her. Trudy instinctively clenched and unclenched her anal muscles around the thick shaft as if her ass acted on its own. She milked every drop from Biff's cock as her muscles involuntarily massaged the big thick shaft. Biff stayed deep in his ass as Trudy's muscles did their thing and he continued to fondle her shapely ass. 

Biff's cock eventually softened and slipped from Trudy's ass. A trail of semen oozed out of her anus and trickled down between her inner thighs. Trudy fell forward on the bed and let out a deep sigh. Biff played with her ass a little bit more, fondling the cheeks and teasing her anus leaking cum. Biff playfully pushed cum back into her ass and watched as Trudy contracted her muscles and forced it back out. Biff then got out of bed and washed his cock. He put his bathing suit back on and then left Trudy's cabin. He left Trudy on the bed and neither of them spoke when he left.

DAY ONE AT SEA -- WALT AND JOANNIE

The scene between Walt and Joannie was different but the results were the same as they were with Biff and Trudy. Once in the cabin they both stripped quickly and Walt's cock stood out like a flag pole displaying his obvious desire. Joannie walked over to him and took a hold of his cock. Walt felt like he would cum any second as Joannie toyed with his dick. It was clear that Joannie was in complete control. Joannie pushed Walt back on the bed and then she knelt before him. 

You have a beautiful cock and I am going to enjoy sucking it," Joannie said in a very sultry tone.

Walt was speechless as he watched Joannie lower her head and engulf his cock in her warm sensuous mouth. He gasped as she closed her lips around it and then began to bob up and down. Joannie deep throated him and he felt her lips touch his pubic hair as she swallowed his entire cock. Walt loved being deep-throated and he almost lost it at that moment.

Joannie continued to suck his cock and she swirled her tongue around and nibbled the head driving Walt crazy. Joannie sensed that he was close to blowing his load and she cupped his tight balls and massaged them as she tightened her mouth around his cock. That did it and Walt could feel his cum travel from his balls through his scrotum as he started to cum.

"Oh here it is Joannie. I'm cumming," he gasped but it was more of announcement than a warning.

Joannie stayed glued to his cock and swallowed every drop of his seed as it rushed into her mouth. Walt came in droves and Joannie had to swallow quickly to keep his seed from running out of her mouth. Walt loved how Joannie worked his cock and swallowed every drop. Joannie was pleased with Walt's discharge and she knew that she would have him hard again in no time so that he could fuck her. Walt shot quite a load in her mouth almost as much as Biff does.

Joannie sucked and nibbled and teased Walt to no end. Finally he begged her to stop and he slid back onto the bed to rest and recover. Joannie sat next to him and turned his face toward hers. She kissed him deeply plunging her tongue into his mouth allowing him to sample the after taste of cum. Walt reached for her and took her in his arms. Walt fondled her tits, thighs and ass as they kissed. He could feel himself getting erect again as they cuddled, petted and kissed on the sofa.

"Do you like to eat pussy?" she asked.

"Of course," Walt confessed.

"Good, I want you to eat me now," Joannie told him.

Joannie got on back on her bed and spread her legs. Her hands went down to her pussy and she stroked her quim and opened it for Walt to see. Walt just stared at her in all her beauty lying on the bed. Her blonde hair spread across the bed, her firm tits and hard nipples stuck up in the air and her voluptuous tanned body was splayed before him. Joannie held her arms open to him and then guided him to her body as he leaned in toward her.

Joannie coached him through every move as if it was his first pussy eating experience. Walt buried his tongue in Joannie's pussy shoving it in as if he was fucking her. Joannie directed the action and she soon had him nibbling on her clit while he fingered her pussy. Walt was really getting into the action particularly because of the way he had Joannie squirming and tossing on the bed. Joannie moved her legs over Walt's shoulders and pulled his head closer to her pussy. Walt held on to Joannie's shapely buttocks and squeezed and fondled her firm ass cheeks as he ate her pussy.

"Oh, oh, yes right there. You got it. Suck it, chew on it eat me, oh!" Joannie cried out.

Walt continued to eat her pussy as he held her ass tightly in his hands. He then moved his hands up to her tits and found her hard nipples. Walt massaged her boobs and twirled her nipples in his fingertips as he continued to munch on her pussy and clit. Joannie was tossing and thrusting her pussy into Walt's face and calling for him to eat her.

"Stick your finger in my ass," screamed Joannie.

Walt loved to finger a girl's asshole while he ate her pussy so he honored Joannie's request. He snuck one hand behind Joannie's bottom and toyed with her asshole tickling the tight nether hole.

"Wet your finger in my pussy and shove it in my ass," Joannie pleaded.

Walt stuck his middle finger in Joannie's pussy and got it good and wet with her juices. He then positioned it at Joannie's asshole and shoved it in. Joannie gasped with the abrupt anal penetration but soon had Walt's finger buried in her ass. Walt pumped his finger in and out of Joannie's ass as he continued to maul her pussy with his mouth. Walt loved the feel of his finger in the warm recess of Joannie's ass.

Joannie stiffened and gasped aloud as she came on Walt's face. Walt held on to her with his finger still buried in her ass and his mouth glued to her cunt. He felt the waves of orgasm rock Joannie's body and his face was flooded with her cunt juice. Joannie kept humping his face until the last of her orgasms passed and she flopped back on the bed.

Walt slipped his finger from her ass and his hands found her breasts again. He stroked her tits and nipples as he gently licked her pussy dry of all her juices. Walt finished eating her and then sat up kneeling between Joannie legs. Walt followed Joannie's eyes to his cock and then he realized that he was hard again.

Joannie smiled at him and said, "I love that, you really know how to eat pussy. Now get that big cock in my cunt and fuck me!"

Walt leaned forward and aimed his cock at Joannie's pussy. He slid in easily to the hilt and reveled in the warmth of her cunt. Walt began to pump his cock in and out of Joannie's pussy as she wrapped her shapely legs around his back. Joannie pulled him in with her legs and positioned herself so that her clit was in constant contact with his cock. Walt began to pound Joannie's pussy and Joannie humped her hips back at him just as hard. The two of them fucked each other frantically breathing heavy and grunting and moaning. Joannie had another orgasm but continued to fuck Walt toward his. Joannie lost count of her orgasms before Walt finally filled her pussy with his spunk. 

Walt stiffened and then thrust into her each time he felt his cum ejaculate. Joannie rocked with him and she clenched her cunt muscles squeezing every drop of cum from his cock. Walt collapsed on her body as he felt the last surge of cum leave his cock. Joannie held him tight as he relaxed his body. Walt loved fucking Joannie and he was glad that he came on the cruise.

Joannie rolled to her side and Walt rolled with her. They held to each other and gently caressed each other's sweaty body. Joannie pushed Walt on his back and then she kissed her way down his chest passed his stomach to his cock. Walt gasped with delight when Joannie took his cock in her mouth and sucked it clean of their combined juices. Then she moved up his body and kissed him deeply shoving her tongue in his mouth again. Joannie wanted to be sure that he got to taste both of them and that he shed any inhibitions that he previously had.

"I can see that you are still ready for action. Do you like to butt fuck?" Joannie quizzed him as she looked at his erect cock.

"I love to fuck girls in the ass," Walt admitted. 

"I love it in the ass. Will you fuck me in the ass?" Joannie asked sexily.

"You know I will," Walt replied obviously pleased with the request. 

Joannie smiled at him and then got off the bed. She retrieved some lubricant and handed it to Walt. Joannie then got on all fours and directed Walt to lube her ass. Walt got turned on by putting the lube in her asshole. He enjoyed fingering her hole and caressing her curvy ass. Joannie rotated her ass in arousal as Walt inserted a second finger into her bung hole.

"Okay I'm ready for your cock Walt, fuck me in the ass," ordered Joannie.

Walt knelt behind her and eased his hard cock into her ass. He worked it in slowly and reveled in the methodical penetration of her luscious ass. Joannie's ass was a warm tight receptacle. Joannie used her anal muscles to perfection as she massaged Walt's cock in her anal sheath. Walt caressed both of Joannie's gorgeous ass cheeks as he fucked her ass deeply. They both sensed he was about to cum again and Walt picked up his pace as Joannie squeezed his cock with more intensity.
