 Sunday, November 28, 2004

Michael called from the airport earlier than when he was expected in so we sent Simone, Monica and Katrina to retrieve him from curbside.

It's about a 20 minute drive from where we are to the airport so it would be a quick trip there, but a longer drive coming back as Monica and Katrina had a special gift to give to him for the ride home.

In speaking with Simone, who was the driver of the truck. We had along with the help of Tyson and Bart removed the middle seats of the Suburban so that all there was, was the wide-open middle with the back seats. We laid out a blanket on the floor.

Simone had told me that when they pulled up alongside Michael who was standing at the curb, Simone got out in her short miniskirt and heels and helped Michael load his bags into the back of the truck then told him to get into the back seat were a surprise was waiting.

Michael climbed up inside as Simone closed the door behind him. She came around and got into the drivers seat. Once situated, she put it in gear and told Michael that they were going to take the long way home.

As they pulled onto the highway, both Monica and Katrina welcomed him home with a kiss on him then with each other. As they settled on the blanket. They slowly peeled away each others clothes and climbed on each other.

As Michael sat there, they proceeded to climb into a 69 and pleasure each other. Simone said she heard lots of licking and slurping sounds, moans and hums.

She looked in the rear view mirror and saw Michael sitting there watching the two of them. She couldn't tell if his cock was hard or not but I'm sure it was. 

Simone took her time driving around as the lesbian show took place on the floor behind her. She said that she had to slip her fingers under her skirt and between her thighs to rub herself as the sounds were incredibly erotic. 

She said after Monica and Katrina had their respective orgasms, they moved up to Michael and pulled his pants down and went to work on his stiff cock. They took turns sucking him or both tonguing his shaft at the same time. 

Simone said she pulled over into a rest stop overlooking the highway. She said she turned around in her seat to watch Monica with his cock in her mouth as Simone was tonguing his balls. Simone was already turned listening to the sounds and fingered her pussy to her own climatic orgasm. 

She wanted to be back there sucking on him too but knew she was there to drive and that she would get her turn at him when they came back to my house.

Simone said she started up the truck and took off towards home. She could hear Michael moaning as 2 sexy women took turns sucking his shaft. 

As Simone neared the house, she said that Michael moaned out as she heard Monica telling him to cum for them. She said Michael was telling them to suck his cock just as he started to cum. 

She heard Katrina saying 'oh yeah, that's it, coat her face' as Michael exploded in Monica's mouth making her swallow the first stream of sperm before Katrina pulled his cock from her mouth and jerked it onto her face. 

She looked back and saw Katrina cover his head with her mouth to take her share and began bobbing on him. Monica was pumping his shaft in her hand milking what she could from his balls as Katrina sucked him down.

Simone pulled up to the driveway and opened the gates. As she pulled up in front of the house. The girls were licking his cum from each others faces and their hands. Sucking his cock clean, they turned to him and told him that a surprise was waiting for him.

But that they were to blindfold him first and cuff his hands behind his back. He agreed knowing that something was up as he had read the postings in the group prior to leaving the mainland.

They helped him out of the truck and to the front door. Once inside the door, I walked up to him and kissed him on the lips and welcomed him home. Each girl after me gave him a kiss and a hug.

Tyson and Bart remained silent as they sat on the sofa. Monica led him to the recliner and set him in it. She then went to work on unbuttoning his jeans and pulling his pants off him. She grabbed the base of his cock and held it up saying he fired off one load already.

With that, Simone knelt between his thighs and took his cock into her mouth and began sucking him. She never used her hands as she only used her tongue, lips and mouth to engulf his cock. His cock was rock hard in no time. 

Simone licked the head like a lollipop before covering half his length with her mouth. She pulled up off his cock slow then when he was out of her mouth she moved away.

Rachel then moved over and took her place and began kissing the head before taking him into her mouth and sucking him. Again, she didn't use her hands. She moved her tongue over the head, around and licking the underside. Tonguing his ball sac then engulfing him again.

Sucking him hard as air would get between her lips and his shaft and a loud suction sound would echo the room. She sucked him for about 5 minutes before moving off him.

Lourdes turn but she held onto his cock as she lowered her pussy onto him. She was facing me as she pumped up and down on his cock. Never moving completely down on him but taking half his length into her as she worked her legs up and down.

She rode him for about 4-5 minutes before moving off him. I asked him if he wanted to cum yet or should the tease continue. He said whatever happens and that he was enjoying the various sensations.

His cock was so hard that the head was a deep purplish red. I knew he wanted to cum but I also knew he was enjoying himself. 

Next up were the twins, Shayla and Sharla. 2 sexy as hell blondes who look alike but aren't related. Shayla began sucking his cock as Sharla positioned herself off to the side. She took his head in her hands and turned his head towards her.

She moved in close to him and she told him to stick his tongue out. As he did so, she pressed her shaven pussy against his mouth. She moved her body so that her pussy lips rubbed across his tongue as he held it out. Sharla kept moving her hips over and over his tongue giving her some pleasure.

Shayla and Sharla then changed positions with the other taking over for the other. They both worked him over pretty good before moving off of him. 

Simone then moved to him and slid her pussy down onto his cock, Michael asked who is riding him now but nobody said anything. I told him there would be a quiz after and he had to say who did what to him and that he had to get at least 3 right in order for the handcuffs to come off.

Tyson got Katrina's attention and had her crawl over to him. Seeing her crawl across the floor with her heels pointing back looked very erotic. She crawled up between his thighs and took his long thick cock between her lips and began sucking him slowly.

Watching Katrina doing this, Bart motioned for Rachel who was busy fingering herself while watching the twins devouring Michael. She strolled over to Bart and knelt between his thighs and took his cock into her mouth and began sucking while she continued rubbing her pussy.

She brought herself to orgasm then really began bobbing up and down on Bart's cock. He was watching her mouth clasp around his shaft as she pumped him in her hand while sucking the head. Bart looking around seeing everything going groaned out and filled her mouth with his seed.

Rachel swallowed it all never pulling off his cock once until he had given her everything she could draw from him. She pulled his cock out of her mouth as clean as when she put him in.

Katrina was taking her time on Tyson though, he was watching her sucking him then would turn his attention to Michael whom being eaten by both Sharla and Shayla.

I was sitting in the recliner rubbing my pussy when Lourdes came over and knelt between my opened thighs and began licking my wet pussy. She tongued my entrance then sucked hard on my clit. Biting at the hard nub as she brought me to orgasm. 

Michael who at this time was thrusting his hips wanted to cum himself as his body movements indicated. I told the twins to take him as they would alternate between themselves. Sharla had his cock in her mouth just as Michael began to cum.

Sharla took the first couple of bursts before Shayla pulling his cock into her mouth to catch the remaining bursts. Both shared his hot seed and sucked down what they could. After pulling off his glistening cock, they locked into a kiss and you could see them pushing his cum from one to the other.

When they broke the kiss, a string of cum connected them. Sharla sucked in and took it back into her mouth then swallowed. It was quite a sight to see. I looked over at Michael and he was sitting there happy.

I then asked him if he remembered who did what to him. He said he'd give it his best guess but had an idea. He proceeded to say that it was Monica and Katrina in the truck. That is was Simone who started on him once in the house. Then it was either Lourdes or Rachel after Simone.

I said choose one or the other, he said Rachel and went to explain that Lourdes usually will clamp her teeth around the middle of his shaft and that this one didn't do that. I told him he was right that it was Simone then Rachel.

Lastly he said that it was Sharla and Shayla who finished him off. I asked him how he knew that and he said that he had inhaled one of them while they were rubbing his tongue and that he smelled the perfume they usually wear of 'Beautiful'.

He was right so we uncuffed him. He asked about the blindfold but I told him that it needed to remain on him until the next quiz. He said ok. 

I told him the next quiz would be to guess who was getting the hard one just by the sounds. Who was participating and who came first. He said it wouldn't be a problem as he's heard everyone at some point or another. So ahead we went with the schedule.

I walked over to him and planted a huge wet kiss onto his lips. I've been wanting to kiss him since he first walked in but I was too busy looking around the room to see if everything was set up right.

Michael told me he loved me and I told him as well. I then asked him if my story turned him on about taking on Tyson. He said it did and hoped that I would give him a repeat performance of the first night I returned back here. I told him only after he fucked me when it was our turn. He told me it wouldn't be a problem and that he couldn't wait to get a hold of me.

I sat next to him on a small stand. I told everyone to take his or her places and to start the next session. With that said, Katrina laid down on the floor while spreading her legs wide. Rachel and Simone began to suck each of her nipples before Rachel moved between her thighs.

Simone, lowered her pussy onto Katrina's tongue while facing Rachel. Rachel reached up and tweaked Simone's nipples while Katrina licked and sucked away on her pussy. Tyson came up alongside of Katrina and fed her his cock. She licked his head then took him into her mouth.

Ty's hips were moving back and forth as if fucking her mouth. Simone clamped tightly around his shaft. Katrina was close to her orgasm from Rachel's expert tonguing. She had slipped a finger up inside her ass and was pumping while flicking the tip of her tongue over her clit.

Simone was also close to her orgasm as she was moving up and down on Katrina's tongue. Her eyes closed as she sucked Tyson's cockhead. 

Bart moved behind Rachel and slid his cock that he had been stroking in his hand into Rachel's pussy. He held onto her hips and pumped like there was no tomorrow. It didn't take long for Bart to shoot his cum into her pussy. He pulled his cock from her and jerked the remaining streams of cum onto her back.

He pulled away and took his seat once more, his cock dripping with cum as he continued stroking himself. Simone was the next to orgasm as she ground herself on Katrina's tongue. Her orgasm was quick but intense as she moaned out and lowered herself completely onto Katrina's face.

Tyson followed next pulling his cock from Simone's mouth and jerking himself onto her face and down onto Katrina. He came a lot as Simone tried to capture some on her tongue but missed every time she tried. She finally clamped her mouth over his head and swallowed what she could but the majority of seed landed on her chin, breasts and down onto Katrina.

Katrina finally came from Rachel's tongue. Rachel pumping her ass and sucking her clit while Katrina moaned out and thrust her hips into Rachel's face.

Everybody pulled back from each other. I knelt down on the floor as Lourdes moved behind me with her strap-on, she entered my pussy as I moved forward. I was close enough to Michael to take his cock into my mouth as she pumped the thick dildo into me. She held tightly to my hips as I tried not to move from her thrusts and kept my on focus on Michael's cock. 

Lourdes, then pulled the dildo from my pussy and pushed it into my ass. I gulped Michael's cock down and had him hard and deep in my throat. Lourdes pumped away as I felt my orgasm building. Watching everyone else had me on the edge several times as I rubbed my clit.

I moved my lips over Michael's cock as he reached down and held onto my head. Again he told me he loved me as he knew it was I sucking him. I murmured I loved him too just as he began to fill my mouth with his sperm. I sucked it down as fast as I could as he kept coming inside my mouth. 

He tasted so sweet that I couldn't get enough of him. I sucked him till his balls could give no more. I then focused on Lourdes pumping my backside and as soon as I reached between my thighs to touch my clit I began to orgasm. It was such a great feeling to have that release. It came in multiples to which I was exhausted by the time I had stopped. Lourdes pulled the dildo from my ass in one quick movement leaving me empty suddenly.

Sharla then asked Michael the big question, who was involved.

Michael calmly began with Katrina, Bart, Tyson and Simone from the way they moaned. He wasn't sure about anyone else as no other familiar moans were heard other than mine. Off came his blindfold.

Once the blindfold was removed and his eyes adjusted. He thanked everyone for the welcome home party. I grabbed him by the hand and lead him to the sofa chasing Tyson and Bart off it. I had him sit down with his legs out and mounted him facing everyone.

I lowered my wet pussy onto his semi hard cock, maneuvering him into me so I can feel his girth grow inside me. I sat atop of him feeling his shaft filling with blood. I began a slow pumping, moving my body up and down on him. He felt great inside my walls.

Michael reached under my arms and cupped and pinched my nipples. He lifted my boobs up tight as I worked my muscles on his shaft. He whispered to me that he really wanted to cum but wanted something really tight. I then lifted up off his manhood and positioned his cockhead just slightly back then lowered myself back down on him.

I relaxed myself and felt the thick head slip into my backside. The initial insertion of his cock in me always lights me and today was no different. I relaxed my knees and slid right down his shaft till my ass was fully engulfed by him. I remained on top of him as I felt his cock throbbing inside me.

Oh he was so hard, I began lifting up and down his shaft tightening my sphincter with each pull. He moaned out and placed his hands on my hips. I let him control me as I rode him with long deep strokes. At times, pulling almost completely off his cock before slamming myself back down on him making him moan.

Monica came over and began licking my pussy and the underside of his cock as I would lift myself up. The combination of the deep sensations and the tongue flicks of Monica had me coming in no time. Michael at one point held me up so that only the head of his cock was in my ass as Monica licked and sucked on his balls.

I rode him slow at times then speeding up, my legs began to tire out though and Michael sensing a change in the tempo, wrapped his hands around my waist, lifted me up and set me down on the sofa, he was still buried inside me and began his own brand of pumping.

He had my back arched in such a way that his cock felt huge as it moved in and out of me. I felt his thickness as he pulled out one time and I used all the strength I had left to tighten up my sphincter as he pushed inside me. I felt his cock twitch up inside me then a wave of hot seed filling my bowels.

I tried meeting his thrusts but he was moving too fast in me. All I could do was hold on to the cushions and the back of the sofa. He rode me deep and fast as his seed spilled inside. I could feel the warmth filling me, milking him the best I could he kept on pumping. I had felt another orgasm coming and groaned out loud, he sensed it and kept right on plugging away on me.

My orgasm was strong as always and I felt my legs grow weaker and my entire body just relax. My nipples were hard as my inner body spasmed. As I was coming down from my orgasm, Michael began to cum again. He thrusted even deeper this time as all I was at this point was a receptor for his hot sperm.

He pumped me till he was satisfied. He pushed himself so deep into my anus then wrapped his arms around me. He whispered how much he loved me as I replied back. He hugged me from behind with his still hard cock buried in my ass up to his balls.

He finally broke he embrace, kissed me on the shoulders and slipped back out of my open dazed ass. I fell forward across the arm of the sofa. He sat down behind me saying that on the way here he wasn't in the mood for all this when he arrived but after seeing Simone then Monica and Katrina that he felt a little better.

But after their show in the truck, he said he was looking forward to it all. He commented on how everyone looked and thanked everyone. Just then Katrina spoke up and said that he still needed to take Monica and her anyway he wanted.

Michael said it wouldn't be necessary, but Katrina pushed the subject until Michael broke down and said fine and pointed to the floor while looking at Katrina.

As Katrina settled herself on the floor, she asked Michael in what position did he want her in. Michael told her on all fours. He called Monica over and without saying a word, Monica got down on the floor next to Katrina and they started kissing.

I had gotten up and grab a warmed towel for Michael and cleaned off his cock and wiped him down abit. I gave him a kiss then told him to go have fun. As he stood over the girls, Monica reeled up on her heels and reached for his cock and began sucking him. Katrina joined her in that task sharing him between them.

After awhile of suction, Michael pulled away from them and told Monica to go get the strap on and put it on. He then slid himself into Katrina's pussy and began pumping her hard. Katrina was already moaning and coming by the time Michael was even warmed up.

Michael then pulled his rigid cock from Katrina's pussy and aimed straight up her ass. Katrina was begging just as Michael pulled himself out of her pussy to take her up the ass. So Michael not needing to be told twice did just that.

Katrina wailed out as Michael slid his length right up inside her rectum. She moved back on him before he was in a comfortable position. Monica walked over and asked Michael were he wanted her.

Michael wrapped his arms around Katrina's waist and lifted her up so she was on her knees. Michael then pulled her all the way back so that Michael was on the floor on his back. With some assistance from Tyson, Michael accomplished that task.

So now the position was reversed. Michael on his back with Katrina on top of him, his cock buried in her ass with her legs spread wide. Monica took the position between Katrina's thighs and eased the head of the strap on into her upturned pussy and pushed in deep.
