 It had been a month since their last threesome, sandy was getting eager for another and kept telling Robert. 

Well tonight he had a surprise for her. 

Luckily it was his day off and he had been planning this for 2 weeks, everything had to be perfect.

Looking at the time, it was 7 pm she would be here in a few minutes. So he sat on his favorite couch as normal and waited for his lovely wife.



The door opened and in walked his beauty. 

"Hi baby!" she yelled.

"Hi love, how was your day?"

"You lucky bastard, you got to stay home all day while I slaved at work." she said teasingly.

"Come here love, let me rub those aching shoulders." he said.

Slowly and seductively she walked over to her husband and sat between his legs.

"Mmm." she moaned as he rubbed her shoulders through the thin material of her white blouse.

Kissing her neck gently he rubbed those aching shoulders, his cock springing up, "damn I can never get enough of this woman!" he thought.

Sandy felt his growing erection and moved back against it, rubbing her little bottom teasingly on it.

"Sandy baby, you are making me ache." growled Robert into her ear.

"So let's go to the bedroom baby and I'll make the ache go away." she giggled.



She stood up before him, her white blouse clinging to her flesh, and her skirt showing off her beautiful set of legs..

"Mmm baby let's go." he said and took her hand as he walked her up to the bedroom.



Once inside Robert laid her back onto the bed and kissed her neck, opening her blouse revealing her lacy white bra, kissing down between he tugged it out of her skirt.

Quickly he sat on her middle taking her wrists, he produced a set of cuffs he had hidden under the pillow and cuffed her hands then raised them and cuffed them to the headboard.

"Baby!! Kinky!" she exclaimed.

"You have no idea." he smirked, then produced a black blindfold, he covered her eyes, now all she could see was dark.

He slipped off her and slowly tracing each thigh with his fingers, he grabbed her ankles and "click" the cold metal made her shiver as he cuffed her legs open to each side of the bed.

Then he gently slid off, looking at the time he noticed it was 7:25 pm...it was nearly time. 

He kissed each thigh keeping her in anticipation, each kiss inching the skirt higher till it was way up just below her covered undies, and then the doorbell rang!

"Oh my god! Robert let me up!" she screeched.

"No baby, don't worry whoever it is, I'll get rid of them." he said as he walked out of the room.



Sandy shifted nervously in the bed as she heard male voices, not quite capable of understanding what was being said. Then she heard the front door close, and Roberts's footsteps coming back up.

As the bedroom door creaked open, she tried to lift her head and asked, "baby, who was it?"



The bed creaked as she felt him kneel on the bed and once again began to kiss her thighs; "shhhh." was all she heard.

Then he started caressing her nipples through the lace fabric covering her breasts, kneading them lightly, and as his lips closed over the aching nipple her body shot up instinctively, little whimpers escaping her.

His hands running down her sides, over her naked legs and up as he tortured her aching nipples.

"Oh God! Robert!" was all she could manage.

Suddenly she felt a second pair of hands, running through her hair and a finger over her lips. 

"Robert, oh my god Robert who is there?" alarm and shock ran through her.

The hands and lips upon her body didn't stop yet a familiar whisper in her ear relaxed her,

"It's me love, relax baby, Scott is here to help out a little." he whispered in her ear.



The she felt it, a cool blade running down her tummy and the lips at her erect and pained nipples had stopped, the blade ran down till it reached the top of her skirt and with a quick tug it was ripped open. Sandy's body jerked in surprise. 

Then warm fingers were moving down to her panties stroking her mound then lower, till he was stroking her wet warm folds from above. Sandy moaned in pleasure.

Suddenly she felt lips sucking her wet panties and the cold metal tugging the side of the panties and in a sec they were ripped off revealing her middle section all naked to whoever was there.

Hands stroking her covered nipples again and kisses upon her lips, she guessed it was Robert. Kissing him back as Scott began to lick and trace her pussy with his tongue.

Then suddenly he inserted two fingers in her and her whole body shook, she wiggled and squirmed and he licked and fingered her amazingly.



Then Robert stopped kissing her and as she tried to talk she felt his cock being shoved into her mouth, eagerly she sucked at it, her tongue and lips tracing his tip, then down the shaft as he guided it. Then with one swift moment he held her head still as he plunged deep into her mouth, gagging her, yet he knew she was experienced and could adapt to this easily. Relaxing her throat she got over the gagging and braced herself to be mouth fucked by Robert. 

While Scott was now too eager to slip his cock into that amazing pussy he had been eating, he stood back and pushed down his pants and threw his shirt aside, his hard cock standing at full attention now and begging to be satisfied. He knelt in between her open thighs and dove deep into her, sending her body into a frenzy, his cock buried so deep in her she couldn't move she was impaled at both ends.

Then slowly he began moving faster and faster.



Robert however had other things in mind. He uncuffed her hands and slid himself from her mouth, ordering Robert to sit her upon his lap.

He grabbed the lotion he had set aside and squeezed some onto his palm, then rubbing it over his hard cock, stroking a few time as he watched his wife being fucked by Scott.

He then knelt in behind her, and added more lotion yet this time onto that little hole left untouched, he probed her tight hole gently with the lotion , one finger penetrating her gently, she tensed a little and then relaxed as he probed her further.



"God!" Scott groaned. 

He could feel her muscles tensing around him gripping him tighter and he was going mad.

Then she went wild in his arms as Robert slowly pushed the tip of his cock into her tight hole, she screamed.

Then pain was soon forgotten as he was now deep inside her, he could feel Scott moving in and out of her through the light membrane.

This made it even tighter for Scott.

They both started moving together in union one would side in one would slide out meeting in the middle.

Sandy in between screaming and bucking, beads of sweat running down her chest, her hair wild and her whole body filled.

Then both men picked up their pace, their grunt and growls filling the room as things sped up, the tightness was sure to make them explode soon.

Scott felt it coming and Robert and sandy could feel it too, the expansion of his cock as he swelled up inside of her and then the hot semen shot deep into her. Sandy screamed as her first orgasm took over her.

Yet he didn't stop moving inside her, he kept moving.

Robert's cock was soon to explode, she is soo fucking tight he felt like a hard grip was stroking him, he picked up his pace and his hand snuck down to her clit, he massaged her clit fast, as his cock pounded in and out of her forcefully, Scott felt her tighten knew she was near, and was amazed and his cock started shooting more cum deep inside her.

Sandy's hands ripped at Scotts shoulders as her third orgasm washed over her and she screamed, not caring who could hear, she felt both men cum deep in her and bucked wildly until she laid there spent, impaled by two cocks.



Robert slowly slid himself from his wife and laid back pulling her off Scotts spent cock and into his arms; he removed her blindfold and kissed her lips gently.

Scott too out of breath turned and snuggled in behind her limp body.

She turned over to Scott and kiss his lips, then whispered, "thank you!" 

Turned to her husband who now said, "welcome home baby."

Sandy broke out in laughter and said, "thank you love."