 After the 3 of us finished sharing Matt's and my cum we lay back on the bed to catch our breath. Matt and I were on either side of Angela running our hands lightly over her face and breasts. Her nipples were still hard. I looked down at her shaved pussy and saw her juices glistening on it. I just had to have a taste. I trailed kisses down her belly until I came to her slit. She spread her legs slightly and I flicked my tongue up and down. She tasted great! I started licking up and down pushing my tongue into her pussy. She let out a low moan and spread her legs wider. Her clit was red and puffy. I licked it lightly with my tongue. She shuddered. I moved down so that I could get a better angle. I lifted her legs up with my arms and pulled her down and up a little so that I could lick all the way from her clit to her ass. I circled her puckered rosebud with my tongue and then pushed my tongue inside. I jabbed quickly with my tongue as her ass opened up to me. The juices from her pussy were flowing down into her ass providing even more lubrication. 

"Please fuck me," she cried. "I need your cock in my ass right now."

"Do it now please!!!"

I didn't need to be asked twice. I quickly got into a kneeling position with her legs up in the air and placed my hard cock at the entrance to her ass. I entered her slowly but with all the lubrication it didn't take long until my cock was buried in her ass. Her ass was so hot and tight. Thank goodness I had just come otherwise I would be lasting long. She really knew how to use her ass muscles to milk my cock. 

"Oh yessss, that's it. Nothing like a nice hard cock in your ass. C'mon give it to me harder"

"Matt come on over here it is my turn to suck your cock," said Angela. 

Matt had been stroking his cock and watching the action. He wasted no time in bringing his cock to Angela's mouth. She took his cock in her mouth and immediately began going up and down on it. 

"How do you like the feel of your cock in my ass, baby" said Angela"

"It feels nice, doesn't it, nice and hot and tight."

"Just like your ass is going to feel when Matt puts his cock in you"

"As soon as I get his cock nice and wet I am going to have him put it in you"

"He is going to fuck you in the ass while you fuck me"

"What do you think of that?" 

Matt and I both looked at each other with lust. "C'mon Matt, you know I want it" I said. "Get over here with that hard cock of yours and put it into me. "It will be my first real cock and I can't wait any longer to have it in me" 

"Oh Yesssss Matt," said Angela, as she thrust her hips up to take my cock deeper into her ass, "Put your cock in his ass now. I want him to feel what it is like to be really fucked in the ass" Angela reached around behind me to hold my ass cheeks open for Matt. "C'mon Matt, he is all ready for you, put your hard cock into his ass while I hold him open for you. 

Matt came around behind me. He reached for the bottle of lube and put a generous amount on his 8-inch cock and them some more on his fingers. He brought his fingers up to my ass and pushed two fingers inside me. I relaxed my muscles and pushed back against them. They went in easily. He took his fingers out and then I felt the tip of his cock. It was so hot! I pushed back against his cock as he slid forward. I could feel the muscles of Angela's ass trying to keep my cock inside her. She didn't want to lose my cock. She didn't need to worry. Matt pressed forward with his cock and he was in me. The feeling was incredible. I had never felt so full. It was so different from the strap on. It felt so hot. He started to slide in and out of me. I could feel it hit my prostate on the down stroke. As he pulled back I couldn't wait for the next stroke. I was pushing back against him. I could feel Angela start to shake underneath me. Her fingers were playing with her clit as my cock went in and out of her ass. We were all wrapped up in a frenzy of sexual abandon. 

"Oh Baby, his cock feels so good inside me, I said. "I can tell you are enjoying it," Angela said. "Every time he thrusts into you he pushes you deeper into my ass"

"I am watching him fuck you in the mirror on the closet doors"

"It looks so hot to see his cock sliding in and out of your ass" I looked over and sure enough there was Matt, both hands on my hips, sliding forward and back. And there was Angela with her legs in the air, almost doubled over tight against me with my cock going in and out of her ass. 

"How does it feel Matt," I asked. "Your ass feels great, nice and hot and tight for me"

"I love fucking your ass"

"I am just about ready to shoot another load of cum right up your ass too"

"OHHHHH, He is going to cum in your ass, baby," said Angela. "When he does I want you to cum in mine."

"Don't worry," I said, "I am almost there myself" 

I couldn't believe how good it felt. My cock was as hard as a rock in Angela's ass, sliding in and out in the same rhythm as Matt's was in my ass. My ass had never felt so full. There was only a little pain and a whole lot of pleasure. Matt started to quicken his pace. I could tell he was close. So was I. Then I felt it. His whole cock seemed to expand and then I felt the first spurt of hot cum in my ass. It was followed by another and another. It set off a chain reaction in my cock and the cum flew out of my cock into Angela's ass. And then Angela started to shake as her orgasm hit her. 

"Here it CUMMMMMMS," yelled Matt as he unloaded into my ass. "All the way up into your ass"

"OOOHHHHHH BABY," I said, "I can feel his hot cum shooting in my ass"

"OHHHHHH it feels so hot, I am going to CUMMMMMMM too"

"Yesssssss, yessssss do it baby, CUM IN MY ASS,JUST LIKE HE IS CUMMING IN YOURS," screamed Angela as she came again and again. 

We all collapsed on the bed in a heap. We were literally drained. And this was only the first night. We kissed and hugged each other for a while, took turns in the shower and then drifted off to sleep. After all tomorrow was another day. 

I was awakened the next morning with a nice hot tongue licking the underside of my cock. A soft hand soon joined in playing with my balls. I looked down at Angela's bobbing head as she went up and down on my rapidly hardening cock. What a beautiful sight! I immediately wanted to taste her. I swung around so that I was underneath her and lifted my tongue to her pussy. She was already wet. My tongue licked up and down her wet slit drinking up her juices. Boy, did she taste great. I stuck my tongue out further and licked all the way up to her clit. I fluttered my tongue across her clit and then took it between my lips and lightly sucked on it. She moaned and took my cock deeper into her mouth. I felt Matt stir on the bed beside us. Angela looked up from my cock and smiled at him. 

"Good Morning Matt, I hope you don't mind. We started without you, but you are more than welcome to join in now. I think my pussy could use a good pounding with that 8-inch cock of yours," said Angela. 

"Bring your cock down here and let me lick it a little before you put it in her," I said. 

Matt's cock was already it's full 8 inches. I licked up one side and down the other and then took the whole tip into my mouth and sucked on it. I was just about to get carried away when I remembered that Angela's pussy needed some attention. I took Matt's cock out of my mouth and guided it to Angela's pussy. It slid right in and she let out a low moan. Matt started to slowly slide it all the way in and then slowly pull it out. I was licking his shaft as he did it and playing with his balls with the other hand. As he starting moving in and out faster I moved up and concentrated my efforts on Angela's clit. She was having a hard time keeping my cock in her mouth. I didn't really mind. I was so turned on watching Matt's cock going in and out of her pussy. 

Angela was really into it now. "Oh Baby, he is in me so deep. Keep licking my clit baby. That feels so good. Fuck me deep and hard, Matt. I love your hard cock in my pussy" 

I reached forward and started to pull on her nipples. She had stopped sucking my cock now. Her head was raised and her eyes were closed as she concentrated on all different sensations. Matt was really giving it to her hard now, his balls slapping her ass with each stroke. Her tits were shaking and I was having a hard time holding them and keeping my tongue on her clit. I could tell she was about to have an incredible orgasm. I took her clit in my mouth and sucked wildly on while pinching and pulling on her nipples. 

OHHHHHH, YESSSSSSSS, FUCK ME DEEP AND HARD MATT, IT IS SO GOOOOOOOOOD. I AM CUMMMMMIIINNNNNNNNGGGGGGGGGGGGG.!!!!!!!!! 

"Me too!!!" said Matt as he lunged deep into Angela. "OHHHHHHHHH YESSSSSSSSSS!!

My face was flooded with her juices and Matt's cum as it overflowed her pussy. I licked and swallowed it all as Angela continued to shudder and shake. Matt slid his cock out of her pussy and she rolled over on her side still breathing heavily and shuddering with after shocks. She looked over at me and smiled. Matt was leaning back on his knees, his limp cock glistening with cum. I leaned over and took it in my mouth and licked off all the cum. 

"What a way to start the day," he said. We all laughed and hugged again. Angela got up to make us some coffee and we all lay around the bed drinking the coffee. I put a robe on and stepped out the door to pick up the tray of croissants and fruit that room service had left for us outside the door. It was delicious. Amazing how that much sex in the morning can work up an appetite. 

"Wow, that was an incredible orgasm," Angela said as she sipped her second cup of coffee. "I was getting it from so many directions I could hardly concentrate"

"I completely forgot about sucking your cock, Baby." 

"You were the only one that did not get to cum."

"We are going to have to take care of you next." Why don't you tell us what you would like us to do." 

"I knew patience would pay off for me," I said as I smiled at the thought of having these two "take care" of me. 

"Well, let's see, I said. "You know, your strap on has not got into the action yet this weekend. And if it wasn't for that I might never have discovered the joy of having my ass filled with a hard cock." 

"And you have always said that you wished you could suck my cock while you are fucking me with the strap on."

"Maybe I could ask Matt to do that" 

As I was describing my desires my cock was getting hard. By the time I had finished it was a full 7 inches and already leaking precum. 

"Oh, look what we have here," said Angela. "It looks like our boy is ready for you Matt" 

"Why don't you start showing him what you can do while I get his ass ready for fucking." 

The lady certainly had a way with words. Angela lifted my legs up and brought her tongue down to my eager asshole. She licked all around it and then started sliding her tongue in and out of me. I was in heaven. Meanwhile, Matt had leaned forward to take my cock into his mouth. I could see his semi-hard cock dangling just inches from my face but I decided to just lay back and enjoy the attention my two lovers were giving me. My ass was really opening up to Angela now. She had replaced her tongue with first one, then two fingers. I kept thrusting my hips forward to get her deeper inside me. She paused and reached under the bed for her strap on. She stood up and slipped the harness on and adjusted it so that the part that went inside her was comfortable. She took the bottle of wet lube and generously coated the strap on with it. Then she climbed back up on the bed and got on her knees in front of me. 

She lifted my legs again and had me slide forward to get the right angle. I felt the tip of the strap on at the entrance to my ass. And then it slid right into me. It went all the way in on the first stroke. The combination of the lube and the fucking I had received the night before from Matt's 8-incher had really opened up my ass. It felt so good inside me. Of course that could also have been because my cock was deep inside Matt's mouth. He was doing a very good job of deep throating me, matching his stroke with Angela's as she plunged the strap on in and out of my ass. The look of lust on her face was incredible as she watched Matt's head bobbing up and down on my cock and her strap on going in and out of my ass. 

"This is what you want, isn't it baby," said Angela. Me fucking you hard and deep with my strap on and Matt sucking your cock"

"It is just how I imagined it" 

"Tell us when you are going to cum, baby" said Angela. " I want Matt to take you out of his mouth and finish you with his hand. I want to see the cum shoot out of you." 

"Ohhhhh yessss baby, it is so goooooood," I said. "I love being on my back with your strap on buried in my ass. "Your nipples look so hard"

"Pinch them for me while you fuck me."

"And Matt, you are doing a great job sucking my cock. I am having a hard time not just cumming with the way you are taking it all in your mouth. I can feel it hitting the back of your throat on the down stroke." 

"Are you ready to cum for us, Baby," asked Angela. "Uh – uh," I moaned. "I am so close." 

Matt backed off a little and started to slide his hand up and down my shaft, just sucking on the tip of my cock. Angela picked up the pace and started to slam her strap on deep into my ass, the fake balls hitting mine on each stroke. 

"I AM GOING TO CUM, MATT," I yelled out just in time. 

He took his mouth off my cock and continued to stroke me with his hand. I lifted my hips up to take Angela's strap on deep into my ass and I came like I had never cum before. 

"HERE IT CUUUUMMMMMMSSSSSS!!!! OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH, YESSSSSSSS, FUCK ME HARD AND DEEP BABY. I LOVE IT IN MY ASS. MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM. 

The cum shot straight up into the air and landed on my face. It kept spurting out. Once, twice, three times, each more than the previous. There was cum all over me. Angela took the strap on out of my ass and covered by face with kisses licking up the cum and sharing it with me. Matt came down to get his share too and we all kissed, sharing my cum. 

It was quite a weekend. Thank you Angela and Matt. I can't wait to do it again!