 "And that's your workout," Jan said, sliding the paper over to Fiona

Fiona looked it over, it seemed do-able

"Hubba Hubba," Jan half whispered.

Fiona looked in the direction of Jan's gaze

Frank was walking by, headed to the cardio room.

"I'd like a few minutes with that."

"Which one?" asked Fiona

"Blue shorts, white shirt, nice legs."

Yep, thought Fiona, that's Frank

Jan continued, "I'd like to tie him up in the private office upstairs and see how many ways I could use him to have orgasms."

"Really," replied Fiona, somewhat intrigued.

"Oh yea, I'd sit on his face, ride his cock.... I can't believe I am saying this."

"You know, I might be able to help you out."

"Do you know him?"

"That's Frank he and I are kind of an item."

Jan blushed. "I'm so embarrassed."

"Don't be, Frank and I have a, uh, flexible relationship. Let's just say I am willing to share."

Jan let out a sigh, "My husband sold me on an open relationship. Now he is on an overseas business trip for a month with two of his fuck buddies, and the only action I am getting is from this," She reached into her purse and produced and odd shaped dildo. It looked like a cock, but had a second protrusion.

Fiona had a questioning look on her face.

"The short in fits inside you, and I have this fantasy of watching a guy give me a blowjob..."

"Do you want me to go get Frank?"

"Right now?"

"Some of the best things we have done are things we decided on in like 30 seconds," Fiona replied, try to encourage Jan. 

"So you and me doing Frank."

"Yea, just Frank. I'm not into the girl girl stuff. I'm pretty sure Frank is trying to use the Jedi mind trick to persuade me otherwise. I touched another woman's breast once, I thought Frank was going to explode."

"So if we undressed each other?"

"He'd go nuts."

"Sounds fun. Get him and meet me upstairs, door at the end of the hall. The one marked private."

Jan and Fiona split up, each on a mission. Fiona found Frank waiting for his spin class to begin.

"Frank, come with me."

"What's up?"

"It's game time, boy toy."

Frank looked at Fiona

she continued, "Let me explain. Wait, there is too much. Let me sum up. My trainer wants to tie you to a chair and use you like a sex toy to get off as many times as she can..."

"Oh, is that all," Frank replied, a grin spreading across his face and a bulge forming in his shorts.

"Well, I will be there trying to get off too."

"Interesting."

"And at some point she might put on a strap on dildo and have you blow her, I'm not sure I understood that part. She just told me about her fantasy about 5 minutes ago."

"And you volunteered me?"

"What are friends for?"

Frank followed Fiona through a maze of hallways until they passed through a door marked Private. Jan was standing there. Frank had never met her, but had seen her working with Fiona at the gym

Jan stepped in front of Frank and began to feel his chest. 

"You will do nicely."

She stripped his shirt off, pulling it over his head and tossing it to the floor. Without pause, she pulled his shorts down to his ankles, and he stepped out of them. Frank felt Jan's hands on his cock. 

"This will do very, very nicely. Frank, are you ready to do as you are told?"

He nodded. 

"Very well," Jan said with a smile, "Sit down Frank."

Frank sat down in an overstuffed chair. Jan and Fiona began to tie his wrists and ankles to the chair with some kind of exercise bands. Once he was tied up, Jan and Fiona stood in front of him.

"We should probably get undressed," said Fiona.

"Let me help you with that," replied Jan.

Jan slowly unzipped Fiona's sports bra and slid it off her shoulders. Frank could see that Jan was staring at Fiona's breasts. 

"You've got some nice tits."

Jan ran her finger between them. 

"I can't wait to see his cock right there." 

Fiona's nipples started to swell as Jan touched her. Jan squatted and pulled Fiona's shorts down, letting her hands slip over Fiona's ass. She was staring right at Fiona's pussy. She looked at Frank and smiled.

Fiona stepped out of her shorts, and pulled down on the shoulder straps of Jan's leotard. As the fabric peeled away, revealing her breasts, Fiona paused. She looked at Frank. 

"Are you thinking of putting this in your mouth?"

Fiona's finger circled Jan's fully erect nipple. She pulled the leotard the rest of the way down, bending at the waist instead of squatting, showing off her ass.

Frank strained against the straps. Watching Jan and Fiona touch each other was an unbelievable turn on. Jan turned toward him, climbing onto the chair and settling in his lap.

"Are you ready to be my fuck toy?"

He felt her finger trace along his lips. 

"I'm going to start here, it looks like a perfect fit for this."

Frank watched as she used her other hand to caress her breast, finishing by pinching her nipple. 

"Then this."

She leaned over and picked something up. Frank watched as she lifted a realistic looking dildo off the floor. She brushed it against his lips. 

"You know what I want you to do with this?"

She pressed it to her lips, and slid it into her mouth. She pulled it out, and wiped it across his lips again before setting it down. 

"But that will be later."

She leaned in and whispered in his ear.

" Maybe you can watch me fuck Fiona with it too "

Frank felt her hand on his cock now. 

"And this. I'm going to fuck this with my mouth, I'm going to fuck it with my pussy, and I might even fuck it with my ass. I'm sure Fiona's going to want to fuck it too, and I want to watch that. I want to see her pussy stretched around your cock as she bounces up and down on you."

Fiona watch Jan climb on top of Frank. She was touching him and talking dirty. Fiona imagined each act Jan described. She watched as Jan rubbed the dildo on Frank's lips. She leaned forward and whispered something to Frank, but could not hear it. Whatever it was made him look even happier. Fiona realized she should probably be doing something, but was so mesmerized by Jan's dirty talk, she was still standing where Jan had undressed her. She walked over to Frank and leaned down him. 

"I can't wait to see what Jan is going to do to you."

Fiona walked around and knelt between Franks legs. With just her fingertips she stroked Franks cock.

Frank felt Fiona's fingers on his dick. She was just barely touching him. It was about all he could stand and still stay in control. Jan leaned down and kissed him on the lips, her tongue thrust into his mouth. He could feel her hands on his head, pulling him towards her. She lurched upward, putting her breast in his mouth, and pulled him in tight. 

"That's it, suck my tits, and bite my nipples."

Frank did just what she told him to. He opened his mouth wide, taking in most of her breast. His tongue circled around her nipple, finally pressing right against it. He closed his teeth, gently pinching it. Jan was going wild, he could feel her grinding her pussy against him. She pushed his head over to the other breast, and he repeated his performance, biting her a little harder this time. His arms strained against the straps. He wanted to grab her ass and push her down onto his cock. Instead he felt Fiona's gentle touch. She started to stroke his balls as well, and he could feel her warm breath on the head of his dick. Had she put her lips on it he would exploded in her mouth.

Fiona continued to toy with Frank's cock as Jan pushed her breasts into his mouth. She was squirming all over him, the wetness between her legs mixing with the sweat on his abs. Fiona continued to be entranced by the dirty talk coming out of Jan's mouth. It all sounded so good. She put one her hands on her own breast, gently pinching it. It sent a jolt of pleasure through her

"Time for my little friend."

Jan picked up her dildo and stood up in the chair. She shoved the short end between her legs, gripping it with the muscles inside her vagina. She put her hand on her toy and pressed it to Frank's lips. 

"Suck my dick frank, and make me come."

Frank could see the lips of her pussy holding the toy in place, it pressed right against her clit. He was pretty sure the part inside her pressed against her G spot. He parted his lips and let it slide into his mouth. Once it was inside, he gripped it tightly and began to work it back and forth. He could see it rubbing on her clit, she started moaning with pleasure.

Fiona moved to the side a bit to watch. She wanted to see if this was going to be as big a turn on as the threesome with Joe had been. Frank had Jan's cock pretty far into his mouth, and whatever he was doing with it sure turned Jan on. Fiona stood up on the chair with Jan, putting her feet on the arms of the chair so she could see over Jan's shoulder, and watch Frank. Jan had both hands on her toy, one holding it in, the other guiding it in and out of Frank's mouth. Fiona put her arms around Jan and lightly

touched her nipples. They were stiff and hot. She leaned forward so her breasts pressed against Jan. The feeling of Jan sliding against her sent another wave of pleasure through her. Franks eye widened at the sight of Fiona touching Jan's tits.

"Oh, oh oh, don't stop,' moaned Jan, "You going to make me come."

She started to thrust her hips forward. 

"Oh yes, oh yes," she cried out. Then her knees buckled. Fiona caught Jan, and lowered her into Franks lap. Jan tossed her toy to the floor. 

"I've never come like that before." She said as she climbed onto the floor.

Fiona needed more. Her pussy ached to be touched. She climbed onto the chair, putting her vagina in Frank's face. He wasted no time putting his head between her legs.Frank began licking and sucking on her.

Jan crawled between Frank's legs. Frank felt her lips on the tip of his dick. She cupped his balls in her hand, and with one finger reached back for the soft skin behind them. Frank sensed she was watching him go down on Fiona. He felt more of her mouth covering his penis, and her hand began to stroke the shaft. Her lips moved up and down. Between the Fiona's hot, wet pussy on his lips, and Jan's mouth on his cock, he was nearing sensory overload.

Fiona began gasping and crying out. She had been so turned on by watching and listening to Jan that it did not take long for her orgasm to arrive. As it faded Frank felt Fiona sliding down his body until her pussy rested on the tip of his cock. Jan climbed onto the chair and straddled Franks face. 

"I want you to go down on me," Jan said.

Frank craned his neck forward until he could reach Jan, and began licking and sucking on her. As he did Fiona sunk down onto his cock. She slowly rode him, keeping him on the edge of orgasm. Jan, however, was a woman possessed. She rocked her hips against Frank, pressing forward, pinning his head to the chair. 

"Yes, yes, yes. Fuck me with your tongue!" she screamed. 

Frank could see she had her own hands on her breasts, squeezing and pinching them. Frank slid his tongue inside her as far as he could. He could feel her muscles contracting around it. Fiona's hand found its way to his chin, pushing him against Jan. Fiona was sitting in Franks lap, grinding against him, and squeezing his cock. Frank could feel her breathing pick up. She put her hands on his knees, and leaned back. Her moans of pleasure mixed with Jan's and both women climaxed. As soon and Fiona climbed out of Franks lap, Jan moved in. She turned around, so she was facing away from Frank. She pressed back against his cock, clamping it between the cheeks of her ass. She reached back and guided Frank inside her pussy. Fiona had moved around and was leaning over the chair, her lips next to Frank's ear.

"Do you like watching her fuck you? "Fiona asked.

Frank managed an Uh huh.

"I like it to."

Jan pounded up and down on Frank, her ass slapping against him. Her hands were between her legs, stroking herself, pushing herself towards one more orgasm. She turned and looked back at Frank

"I want you to come inside me, Frank. I'm ready for you to come. Your cock feels so good. "

She closed her eyes and started moaning again.

Fiona whispered in Frank's ear again. 

"Seeing her pussy take you in like that is really turning me on. It makes me so wet to watch you fuck her. I want to see you come inside her. Fuck her, Frank, Fuck her hard. "

Fiona reached over Franks shoulders and pinched his nipples.

It was the nipple pinch that drove him over the edge. Frank felt a rush has his orgasm exploded. Jan must have sensed it, because she gasped again and a yelp of delight escaped her lips. She pushed back one more time and settle in Frank's lap. She crawled up beside the chair and kissed Frank on the lips. Fiona kissed him from the other side. Frank tried his best Jedi mind trick to get them to kiss each other, but they didn't.

Jan picked up her toy again.

"Fiona, want to give it a try. I've never fucked a woman with it."

Fiona looked at Frank, and smiled

"Maybe next time, I don't think Frank can take any more stimulation."

Jan looked at Frank, the leaned over and kissed Fiona on the lips

"Something to remember, until next time. "

She looked at Frank and smiled, then picked up her leotard and walked out of the room.

Fiona began to untie Frank

"Would you really do that? With the dildo?" he asked.

"I'm not saying never, but certainly not today. Let's go hit the showers, I think we got our cardio in today."