 We never did prepare that other room for Li. We were all quite content to share the big bed. We had some great nights, and mornings and afternoons. Sometimes I would just sit in my big chair and watch Katie and Li get on in the bed as I pleasured myself. Those two were a joy to watch. 

Other times Li would wear Katie out and still want more. She would creep over to my chair, pull my pants down and suck my throbbing cock, or climb on top of me and fuck me. Li liked to fuck me in the big chair until I shot a hot load of cum into her tight little snatch, then scamper over to the bed and sit on Katie's face and have her suck my cum from her pussy. Katie loved to suck all my cream out then lick Li's hot little box until the juices flowed and Li came all over her face, moaning and squealing all the while.

My dick usually got hard again as I watched and I would often walk over and let Li lick and suck me clean, while Katie finished her off. 

Other nights Katie would doze off and Li would curl up in my lap in the big chair. We would kiss and fondle one another until she either went down on me, climbed on top of me or dragged me to the bed. When she took me to the bed, Kate would usually wake up. Often she would lie there, quietly and watch us fuck. Katie loved to watch me fuck Li as much as I loved to watch her fuck Li. It was a thing of beauty. Li, on the other hand, couldn't stand to just watch. She had to get involved, which didn't bother Kate or me a bit.

It was probably three weeks after Li arrived that Katie went to town to stay with her mom for a few days. She did that from time to time. Li and I enjoyed those days we had together. We took long walks. We had a pic-nick down by the river, and had sex on the blanket. I showed Li the old covered bridge I loved it when Li curled up in my lap in that big old chair. We would make out like teen-agers, I would massage those cute little titties of hers and finger that tight little snatch. Then we would dive in the bed and fuck like rabbits.

We had some very intimate, tender times as well. The night before Katie returned, Li and I made out in the big chair, then I carried her to the bed, laid her down gently and we made love slowly and sweetly. We lay there afterward and talked for hours. We really opened up to each other. I poured my heart out to her that night. I realized that I was falling for her. I couldn't help myself. I could only hope it wouldn't cause problems for Katie and me.

Katie came back the next morning and that afternoon, Li announced that she would be leaving for a few days. She was going to the city, but she would be back by the week end, with her ol' man, Adam. She asked if it was cool for him to crash with us for a while and Annie said it would be fine.

Li had never mentioned Adam before and Kate and I were a little surprised. Li assured us that Adam was a "cool fuckin' dude" and that we would love him. Li packed a little bag and split.

We got the room next to ours ready for Li and Adam. Katie and I missed having Li in the big bed with us, but it was great being alone, together.

The first night that Kate was back, we crawled into bed and began to kiss. Then Katie asked, "So, did you guys ever get out of bed while I was gone."

"We had to eat."

"You didn't eat each other?"

"That was just desert."

"Very funny. Really, did you guys screw a lot while I was gone?"

"No more than usual."

"Tell me what you guys did."

"The whole time you were gone?"

"No, just tell about last night. I want details too."

"OK," I began, "I was sitting in my big chair and Li curled up in my lap."

"You love that don't ya?"

"Its nice."

"What was she wearing?"

"That pink nightie that buttons up the front."

"God, she looks good in that."

"She kissed me and I slowly unbuttoned her nightie. I took her breast in my hand and began to massage it. We kept kissing and I slid my hand down to her pussy. She was getting pretty wet by then"

"She does get wet."

" I slid my finger into her twat and started to stroke it. She had her hand around my dick and was jacking me off. I picked her up and carried her to the bed."

"You carried her to the bed? How romantic."

"You don't have to get sarcastic."

"I'm sorry, go on."

"I laid her on the bed and crawled between her legs. She wrapped her legs around my waist and I slowly slid my dick into her pussy."

"Then?"

"Then we made love."

"You made love?"

"We had sex."

"You didn't ball her, or fuck her, or screw her. You made love to her."

"Yeah, it was a bit more gentle than usual. It was more like...making love."

"OK, how long did you make love to her."

"Fifteen minutes or so."

"Then what?"

"We talked."

"About what?"

"We talked a long time. We talked about a lot of stuff."

"You really like her a lot, don't you?"

"Don't you?"

"I see the way you two look at each other."

"Don't start that shit. I thought we had an understanding."

"We do. But it bothers me when I go away and I know you've had another girl in my bed."

"Li's been sleeping in your bed for weeks. What did you think was going to happen."

"I knew exactly what would happen. I knew that you would fall in love with her."

"I didn't fall in love with her."

"You made love to her."

"Big difference."

"Promise me that you won't."

"If and when I fall in love, with Li or any one, you will be the first to know."

"That wasn't a promise."

"I promise, OK?"

There was a long awkward silence, then Katie finally whispered, "OK, now shut up and make love to me."

I moved in between her knees and bent down to gently kiss my Katie's sweet lips. She wrapped her legs around my waist, just as I had told her Li had done. She'd never done that before, but I loved it. I slowly slid my hard dick into her hot, wet pussy and made sweet passionate love to my Katie.