 Chris laid back on Brandi's bed, reveling in his new manhood. Brandi was lying next to him, slowly rubbing her hand up and down his hard cock. "This is going to work out well," she said. 

"What do you mean?" he asked.

"You'll see," she said with a smile, leaning over to kiss his chest. 

"Brandi! We're here!" Chris heard a female voice yell.

Brandi turned to him with a smile. "Looks like the party's about to start," she said. She got out of the bed and started for the door. Chris got up and started to put on his clothes. "No need for that," Brandi said. "Here, wrap this around you and follow me," she said as she handed him a large beach towel. Chris looked at her with a quizzical look. What's going on here? He thought. But then he looked at her, standing there completely naked, those huge perfect tits staring at him proudly on her chest and traces of his cum in her hair. He took the towel and wrapped it around his waist. He followed her downstairs and into the den, where he stopped in his tracks. Sitting in the den were Shelly, Heather, Julie, April, and Terri – all cheerleaders. 

"No fair, Brandi! You started without us!" Terri cried with a smile. 

"I couldn't wait, Terr. But don't worry. Everything you've heard is true," Brandi laughed. She took Chris's hand and led him to the center of the room. "Chris, I didn't tell you what kind of party I was having. After hearing about what you have to, uh, offer, we decided to get together and have a Cum Party. And we figured you would provide the main ingredients," she laughed. "Ladies, I'd like to present your Main Attraction!" With that she reached over and pulled Chris's towel from his waist, leaving him standing in front of the girls naked, hard, and growing harder. He heard some gasps as all eyes were on his cock. "Oh, wow."

"Good heavens."

"Ohhhhh."

"It's even bigger than she said."

"It's beautiful." Chris, still somewhat shocked at the turn of events, started to get embarrased, but then he realized what he had just stepped into. Brandi reached over and stoked his cock. "This thing, girls, is amazing. And, I think I can speak for Chris, tonight, it's all ours!" The girls shrieked, clapped, cheered and giggled. "Come on Chris, you sit here."

Brandi led Chris over to the middle of the couch, and he sat down. Brandi sat next to him and continued to lazily stroke his cock. "Girls?" she said.

Shelly stood up first. She walked over and stood in front of Chris. Terri walked over to the stereo and turned the music up and then brought a beer over for Brandi and Chris. Chris took a sip as he watched Shelly start swaying her hips in front of him. She was blond, about 5'4. Although she was petite, she had a great ass and medium sized tits that looked pretty big on her body. She reached up and pulled her sweater over her head. She wasn't wearing a bra, and her tits stood proudly on her chest, perky, full and round. The girls cheered, as Shelly unzipped her jeans and slid them over her hips. She stepped out of them and turned around, showing off her green thong and tight ass. She leaned all the way over until she touched her toes, letting Chris take in an eye-full of her ass before she slid her panties off as well. She stood up, twirled her panties over her head and then tossed them at Heather. She then sat down on the other side of Chris. She leaned over and gave him a long kiss, full of tongue. Then she reached down and let a hand join Brandi's on Chris's long, hard cock. The panties got passed around, and each girl performed a strip tease in front of Chris before finding a place somewhere around him, kissing him sexily, and finding free parts of his body to run their hands over. Heather, the brunette with full, medium sized tits and a shaved pussy. Julie, blonde, with tits almost as big as Brandi's and a tight stomach which showed off the hint of a six-pack. April, a brunette with medium to small tits, but the best ass in the room, high, round, and perfect. And Terri, a redhead with perky, medium-sized, creamy white tits with light freckles over her body. 

Now they were all naked and caressing each other. Chris couldn't have been any harder, and he thought he would cum right there, as he randomly kissed tit after incredible tit as they were placed into his mouth, the girls shifting and climbing all over him. 

"I think it's time for our first Cum Shower!" Brandi said. The girls all cheered. "Alright, Chris. This is how we'll start. You sit here and lean your head back and close your eyes. We're going to take turns giving you the best blow jobs we can. Whoever the lucky girl is to be sucking your cock when you cum gets your whole load. How's that sound?" Chris couldn't believe what she'd just said. "Sounds good to me," he laughed.

Chris leaned his head back and closed his eyes. He had barely done so when he felt a pair of velvety lips surround his cockhead and a warm mouth slide over and down his cock. "Oh, god," Chris moaned. The girl's mouth slid up and down his shaft, taking a little more each time. Finally, he felt her lips around the base of his cock, he cockhead deep in her throat. She moaned around his dick, and he shuddered from the sensations this caused. Her mouth slowly slid up his shaft and then off. It was quickly replaced by another mouth, even softer and hotter than the first. Chris was breathing heavily. He felt someone shift around him and then felt smooth legs straddling his chest. As Chris leaned his head back against the couch, one of the girls lowered her pussy onto his face. Chris reached up and squeezed her ass and began eating her out with abandon. The girl moaned above him and began grounding her cunt over his face. "Oh, yeah! Eat me, Chris! Eat me! Yeah, suck my clit! Oh, god, you're going to make me cum!" she screamed. Another mouth was on his cock and this one was a pro. She was sloppily sucking his cock, bobbing her head quickly up and down his cock. The girl he was eating out began shaking and quivering. "I'M CUMMMMINNG!!" she screamed. Chris greedily sucked up her sweet pussy juices as they poured into his mouth. The girl climbed off of him and he groaned. 

"Oh, yeah! Here it cums!!!" Chris moaned. The girls started cheering. Chris couldn't take it anymore. He sat up and looked down in time to see Julie pull her full lips from his cock just as the first blast of cum blasted from his cock. The girls continued to shriek and cheer as Chris unloaded an enormous amount of cum, blast after blast all over Julie's face. It soon began dripping down onto her tits. Eight, Nine, Ten, Eleven blasts of cum and he was still cumming. 

"Holy shit! He's still cumming!" one of the girls gasped. Finally, Chris's orgasm subsided. Julie sat, covered in his cum. The other girls quickly moved in to help lick the cum off of her body as she leaned back onto the floor. Terri turned around. "Girls, look! He's still hard!"