 My first and only threesome took place during my junior year in college. I did not have a girlfriend but my roommate, Mark, was dating a girl named Susan. They met at the university dining center where they both worked. They had been dating for a few months and seemed pretty happy.

Since they have been going out they kept trying to set me up with one of her friends. I kept refusing because I was so focused on my grades. I tended to spend most of my time studying, usually in the campus library so Mark and Susan could be alone when she came over in the evenings. I knew they had sex when I was gone but pretended not to notice when I would get back. 

Isolating myself like this did result in good grades but it also resulted in me being terribly horny. Naturally I masturbated a lot. As much as I could anyway with a roommate who never seemed to leave. One time he left to take a shower at the communal bathroom down the hall. He usually took long showers so I thought I would take the time to relieve the ever present pressure in my balls. 

My roommate my freshman year had introduced me to erotica and I had been hooked ever since. I still got off to pictures and movies but erotica was, and still is, my favorite. I found a good story and was going at it when Mark came back! It did not seem like he had been gone that long but there I was, fumbling to get my pants back on as I heard his key in the door. 

I was not quite fast enough. When he entered he saw me standing there with my pants on but opened. He had a surprised look on his face and then looked down. 

But then he smiled when he looked back up and said, "Okay. Sorry. I guess I'll go back to the shower for a minute." I tried to explain that I wasn't doing anything and that was not necessary. I never was a good liar. Especially this time since after he left I looked down and saw the top of my erection sticking out of my briefs and realized what he saw when he looked down.

I was too embarrassed to finish so I just finished getting dressed and went to the library as usual. He made a crack about it the next day but then never said anything about it afterward.

A couple of weeks later I was preparing to head out to the library again when Mark was telling me that Susan thought I was cute. He said she was coming over and maybe I could stick around tonight, for a while anyway. I mumbled something about having a lot of studying to do and declined. Just as I was about to leave Susan came in. 

She smiled and said, "Hi, Steve! Oh, are you leaving? I just got here." 

I said, "Yeah, I got a lot of work to finish for a paper that's due next week. Maybe some other time."

I left and began walking downstairs. Just as I was walking out the door I realized I had forgotten one my textbooks. I turned around and went back upstairs to our dorm room. I unlocked the door and walked in. Susan had a surprised look on her face and had frozen with her denim shorts halfway down her legs. Mark was sitting in front of her on the couch with his shirt off.

They both looked at me and I quickly replied, "I'm sorry. I just forgot my book. I'm so sorry. I'm going."

As I turned to leave, Susan, who had pulled her shorts back on, said, "Wait!" I froze. She continued, "I don't mind. You don't have to go. You can stay and watch if you want." 

Mark said, "Yeah, actually we'd kind of like an audience. We've been talking about it for a while. "

"Are you serious?" I asked, incredulous. 

"Yes", they both said. 

Susan pointed out, "We'll fuck and you can watch. Jack off if you want. Mark told me how horney you always are." I blushed fiercely at this and knew I should just leave. But they were right. At that point my twenty year old hormones took over and I put my backpack on my desk and sat down. 

Susan smiled and turned back to Mark and began to slowly pull down her shorts. She was wearing white string bikini style panties. I could not stop looking at her beautiful ass, which was pointed right at me. She then took off her shirt and began kissing Mark. At this point I was already hard and began massaging myself through my jeans. Mark stood up and let Susan undo his pants, which fell to the ground. His erection was very prominent in his boxers. Susan rubbed Mark's erection through his boxers for a while before slowly pulling them down. She then pushed Mark back down on the couch and began sucking him. 

After about a minute or two of sucking on Mark's cock Susan stopped and looked up at him. 

"Can I?" she asked. 

"Can you what?" Mark asked. 

"You know what. What we talked about. Are you okay with it?" Susan asked. 

Mark looked at me and thought for a few seconds then looked back at her and said, "Sure. If you think he'll do it". 

"How much you wanna bet?" she snickered.

Susan turned to me and told me to stand up. I must have had a confused look on my face because she laughed and repeated, though in a more commanding tone, "You heard me. I said stand up." I stood up still confused and increasingly nervous. She put her hand on my erection and rubbed me through my jeans. I started to pull away at first but she pulled me back. 

She looked me in the eyes for several seconds while rubbing me and then said, "I 'm going to take your shirt off. Just relax." I allowed her to pull my t-shirt over my head. I was now more nervous and exited than I had been in a long time. 

It must have showed because she then said, "I'm going to take off your pants. Don't freak out." She unsnapped my jeans and pulled them down, leaving me in just my briefs, which were obscenely tented out. 

She began rubbing me through my briefs and asked, "Are you okay?" All I could do was nod my head and keep breathing. 

Susan smiled and, snapping my briefs elastic waistband against me, said, "I'm going to take these off. And then I want you to fuck me from behind while I finish sucking off Mark, okay?" Again, all I could do was nod my head. Susan then pulled down my briefs, making my erection snap back against my stomach. She pulled out a condom and put it me, then turned back to Mark.

Susan began sucking off Mark again while I seemed to be frozen in place. She turned back to me and said, "Steve, are you going to fuck me or not?" I approached her and, after a brief hesitation, pulled down her panties and entered her from behind. I was in pure heaven. I could not believe how good I felt. I began getting a rhythm going while Susan went back to sucking off Mark. Susan, an accomplished multi tasker, fondled Marks balls with her right hand while reaching behind her to fondle my balls with her left.

Susan began to moan. Her moaning only increased my pleasure and I knew I would not last long. Sure enough, just as Mark announced he was about to cum, I came. Within seconds, Mark came as well.

I told Susan I felt bad for her not cumming. She just smiled and assured me, "That's okay. We're not done yet. You're going to go down on me while I make out with Mark." For the next few minutes Mark and Susan kissed while Mark rubbed Susan's breasts and I went down on her until she came. 

Afterward as Susan was about to leave she asked if would like to join them again later that week. I looked at Mark, who just smiled and shrugged.

I turned back to Susan with a smile of my own and said, "Yes."