 The Mediterranean sun was reaching its noon heat when the resort owners finally left their rooms on the top tier of the three floors surrounding the pool centred courtyard. As they stood looking down on the men, women, and teenage girls below they couldn't resist a thrill of excitement.

Although the majority were regular visitors, some had brought daughters or nieces who hadn't previously been exposed to the depravity that this resort embraced. Educating them was what the couple looked forward to.

Clothing optional was the dress code, and most people took advantage of it. Those who did not wore swimsuits so small that they might as well have been naked. The few who wore conventional bikinis were the aforementioned new guests and they probably already felt overdressed. Tomorrow they would have joined the rest; the couple had seen the pattern before.

The woman led her husband down their steps. A mane of copper ringlets fell almost to her waist framing a green-eyed face possessing an imperious beauty. Nine inches over the five foot mark, her body curved in all the right ways. Full heavy breasts were tipped with large pink nipples. Her narrow waist flared out to full hips and buttocks. Despite her sun-loving lifestyle her skin was still pale, resisting tanning, and every inch was waxed smooth. Her legs were long and shapely. As if to add a touch of frivolity her toenails were painted blood red.

Her husband was to men as she to women. Three inches taller he moved with the light tread of the jungle cat. Dark hair, sun faded, crowned his head. Blue eyes shone within his bronzed face. Dark curls covered his broad chest, ran down his thick arms and legs, and were concentrated above the fleshy length of his manhood. Tanned by the same elements that left her untouched he followed her down to the recent arrivals. Their guests had arrived that morning, and had of course made themselves at home.

As they joined the crowd they were greeted as the friends and lovers that they were. A buxom blonde kissed them both, squeezing one breast as she cupped the man's heavy sack and shaft. It must be said that everyone invited to this resort was in fine physical condition. "Hello Celeste." The man smiled as he returned her kiss with interest. His wife was equally enthusiastic. Celeste's husband Mark also kissed the redhead, but merely shook hands with her husband. The regulars gathered round, lips pressed, hands caressed breasts, buttocks and genitals. More than one shaft was at full attention by the time the greetings were finished.

The new girls stood apart, not entirely sure what to do, until the man and woman extricated themselves from the crowd. Although they knew what this resort involved, no one was brought in without being completely aware of that, they lacked the easy familiarity that came with experience. The man stood before the five bikini clad girls.

He extended a hand to them. "Welcome, I'm John Prester, this is my wife Sophia." They took his hand gingerly in turn, trying to look into his eyes, aware that the dampness of his fingers may have come from their female relatives. He in turn examined them in undisguised admiration. One was Oriental in pink; another was a dusky skinned Latina wearing a bikini in green and gold. The third was a brunette, her large breasts almost bursting out of her black bikini top. The last two were...

"Twins," He stated, the two blondes wearing identical styles but in yellow and red. "You're going to be popular." The two blushed slightly at his words. "You would be Celeste's daughters. She talked about you last year." Celeste, who had been hovering, nodded in agreement.

"Lisa is wearing red, Monica is wearing yellow." John smiled broadly. Celeste continued, "I've told them about everything here. They were quite eager to join in. Oh, they're nineteen."

Martin and his wife Yoko joined them. He was Caucasian, she was Japanese. Both were toned and waxed smooth. "This is our daughter Anna," said Yoko, taking the Oriental's hand, "She's just turned eighteen." John could sense Sophia's interest. She had a special love of Asian women, the younger the better.

"I'm Isabella, I'm twenty," the Latina introduced herself. "My aunt brought me, but she seems to be occupied." She nodded in the direction of a Latin woman in her early thirties who was kneeling a few metres away, engrossed in the oral pleasuring of a sandy haired man with a bodybuilder's physique. The girl didn't seem at all embarrassed by her aunt's activities.

"Evita, Scott." John's voice called attention of the two his way. The woman waved, and then returned to sucking what was a very nicely sized cock. The two regularly paired up. Scott's wife preferring the company of other women at these events. Evita was single, but although she'd eat pussy, she preferred men. The arrangement worked for them. In general men were expected to bring partners to the resort, but women could come alone. It meant that there was always an excess of women, but nobody complained.

"I'm Josie, Josephine, also nineteen." The busty brunette added. "My dad and my step-mum are over there." Over there was a tall balding man with a blonde woman about five months pregnant. He was standing a little protectively beside her, and her small hand slid up and down his hard shaft. Justin and Mary, he remembered their names. He also remembered how wild she was with three cocks inside her. Josie turned her head away so she wasn't watching their sex play. He knew she wouldn't care before the week was out. The resort booked parties for two weeks at a time, although staying longer was always an option.

"Lisa, Monica, Anna, Isabella and Josie," John smiled at them all once more. "Sophia and I handle the introduction of all new members personally, as you would have been told." All the girls except Isabella displayed a mix of interest and awkwardness. She just looked interested. "All people here are disease free, regularly checked, and all women are on the pill to prevent pregnancy." He grinned, "Well, except for those who are already pregnant." Josie giggled. "You have the free run of the facilities here. The pool, saunas, massage therapists, the restaurant, obviously the bedrooms. Male and female staff are specifically employed to satisfy your needs." He paused, "Speaking of which."

He looked at Sophia and she clapped her hands over her head twice. From out of nowhere a bevy of attendants joined the thirty odd visitors, carrying drinks, nibbles, toys and lubricant. They themselves wore only small white swimsuits, briefs for the men and thong bikinis for the women, which contrasted nicely with their Latin dark skin. Reunions existed here too, the attendants providing a full service when required. A brunette, another Mary he remembered, instantly seized two of the male attendants, friends from the previous year, sandwiching herself between them. She drew out their hardening organs and, with the help of some lubricant, was soon moaning in a standing double-penetration.

"Now ladies," John indicated a door in the nearest wall. The five followed him, and Sophia brought up the rear. The door led down a short corridor, and then John turned right into a large well lit room. He ran a hand down the light control, dimming the lights.

The girls looked around the room. It would be described as comfortably furnished. A giant four poster bed was against one wall, a sumptuously padded couch against another, a dining table with chairs nestled in a tiled area next to the kitchen units. Through another door they could see a tiled bathroom. The colour scheme was a rich burgundy mixed with cream.

"You can undress now." John instructed them as they entered the room. The girls looked at him, at each other, and then started to remove their few scraps of clothing. Watching, John could see that Anna, Lisa and Monica followed their mothers' lead in waxing their bikini area, while Isabella and Josie had trimmed and shaped pubic mounds, Isabella a small triangle of hair, Josie a landing strip. "Turn and spread your buttocks." Not without a bit of blushing the girls complied. He stepped closer and ran his fingers between their cheeks and over their labia. All were waxed smooth. Good.

Although embarrassed he could detect a hint of moisture between their nether lips, and all the girls were displaying an initial flush of arousal. He nodded thoughtfully. They would fit nicely in the resort.

"Now, as you all have been told, this resort provides an arena for men and women to engage in sexual relations with people other than their regular partners..."

"Swingers..." Lisa (or was it Monica) interrupted. "Swingers," nodded John. "You have been told what is involved and all of you have volunteered to come here." He paused, "however the first question I have to ask is, what is your previous sexual experience like?"

Anna hesitated, and then half raised her hand. "I don't really have any." The other girls looked at her; Monica (or was it Lisa) put an arm around her.

"I'm sure that won't last long around here." She giggled. Anna blushed prettily and giggled too. Isabella spoke, "I've done a fair bit, guys and girls, anal too." Now she was the centre of attention. "I did my Aunt Evita one time. We were both bored and horny."

John nodded again, "and you other three?"

Josie looked around and said, "I've had one boyfriend. We've done, you know, straight sex." She hesitated. "It wasn't that good to be honest."

The twins looked at each other. "We've had a couple of boyfriends each, we switched a couple of times, they didn't know." Lisa continued, "We've fooled around together, just kissing and stuff, nothing too serious. Mum's told us how much she likes anal, but we've never tried it." 

John nodded again. Celeste's anal appetite almost rivalled Sophia's. Even his own tireless tool would occasionally wilt after satisfying his wife's demands.

Anna looked over at them, "I always thought it would hurt too much. It's a very small hole." Sophia, standing behind her, curled her arms around the girl and drew her back against her luscious body.

"It can hurt dear, but if you're doing it right it only hurts in a very good way." Her hands caressed the girl's breasts and then dropped to stroke her bald pussy. "You should ask your mother, my man's big cock has spent a lot of time in her sweet ass." Anna leaned back, purring softly.

"Well," John observed. "It looks like the physical introduction is starting. Do we have any volunteers to go first?" Isabella was the first with her hand raised. John took that hand and placed it against his crotch. As he leaned down and kissed her, his organ began to harden. She stroked the shaft, and when at full growth realised that her fingers could not meet around it. She stepped back and looked down...

"Shit!" She exclaimed, "I was told you were big, but that's huge. How big is it?"

"Just over eight inches long, six and a half around." John answered her. "There are a couple longer in the group, but none thicker." Isabella continued to stroke.

"Then if I can take this up my ass I should be able to handle anything right?" She sank to her knees and began to lick the swollen tip. The other three stood around her, watching her tongue dart over his head. John had to admit the girl had excellent technique. Sophia had turned Anna, and was kissing her deeply as her fingers stroked the young girl's clitoris. The three unengaged girls were beginning to touch themselves.

John placed a hand on Isabelle's head, stopping her. "On the subject of anal, every woman here, and some of the men, has an enema every morning to keep themselves prepared. Lubricant is never far away. Just ask an attendant. The bathrooms in your rooms have enema equipment, just fill them with warm water, wash and empty."

Isabelle smiled up at him. "When I saw the stuff in my bathroom I made sure to use it. Want to fuck my ass?"

John bent down and picked her up. "Let's do it on the couch." He looked at the other girls. "The bathroom through the door has the equipment; you can take it in turns or go together." Lisa stood up. 

"I think there are some things I don't want to share, even with my sister. I'll be a few minutes." She went into the bathroom and shut the door. They soon heard the sound of running water.

John carried Isabella to the couch, sitting down beside her. He took her face in his strong hand and began to kiss her once more. She pressed into him, running her fingers through the hair on his chest. When he moved back her face was flushed and her breathing heavier.

Sophia had guided Anna to the other end of the couch. The two kissed and caressed, almost oblivious to the other pairing. Anna was fascinated by the woman's heavy breasts, so different from her own smaller pair. For herself Sophia devoured the exotic beauty, taking every opportunity to stroke her delicate features. Sliding to her knees on the floor Sophia kissed and licked her way down the girl's body, lingering long on her chest. Although small busted, Anna had lovely long nipples and Sophia paid appropriate homage to them before licking her way down the girl's belly to her virgin pussy.

The first brush of Sophia's tongue on her clitoris had Anna almost leaping from her seat. She closed her eyes, twisting fingers in copper hair as Sophia applied her immense experience to pleasing the girl. It wasn't long until the virgin was experiencing her first orgasm at the hands of another. She looked down into the woman's green eyes and smiled contentedly. Sophia slid back up her body and kissed her.

John too knelt between Isabella's legs. With his hands lifting her ankles high his tongue danced between her nether lips. If he was less talented than his wife it would have been a small difference, and bringing the Latina to her first orgasm took him no longer. As her juices flowed freely he lapped lower, caressing her anus. Isabella whimpered, bucking against him. "Hold your ankles," he told her and she did, pulling her legs out and back, presenting her intimate depths to him.

Reaching under the couch he slid out a plastic tray. From it he took a tube of lubricant and squeezed a generous amount onto his fingers. He pressed a finger against her tight pucker, waiting until it relaxed and swallowed him in.

The bathroom door opened, and Lisa returned to the group chorused by the sound of flushing water. Monica took her turn using the facilities. Josie fingered her juicy cunt, squeezing her breasts and pinching her nipples as she watched John and the other girl.

Isabella took a single finger easily, and John added a second, and then a third. That was his limit though; he didn't want her too prepared when he slid into her for the first time. He finger-fucked her ass for a few minutes with his thumb caressing her clit as he did so. The expression on her beautiful face was one of complete concentration mingled with naked desire. John leaned back, squeezing out more lubricant he slathered it over his manhood. 

His was not a tapered shaft, gradually introducing itself to a woman's body. His was a blunt battering ram, the head of similar girth to the shaft. It was a brutal tool of domination, insatiable in its appetite for tender pussy and tight ass. It was one of the things Sophia so loved about him.

He placed the purple head against the puckered hole between Isabella's cheeks. Even after the stretch that his fingers had provided the contrast seemed ridiculous. There was no way something so small could take something so large.

He pushed, and her body resisted. She whimpered, trying to relax. He pushed harder, and her body began to yield. He drove the head inside and she screamed. He looked into her face, there was pain there certainly as her body was stretched beyond her previous limits, but there was also raw animalistic lust and that was definitely in ascendance. "Slowly," she groaned, and slowly he drove the shaft into her body. His fingers brushed her clitoris and the pain faded, the lust increased. "Fuck me," she grunted.

He drove in to the hilt, every inch buried in her perfect posterior. He drew all the way out, emptying her and, seeing the look of protest on her face, sheathed himself in her once more. Her voice rose, incoherent as she expressed her appreciation.

Primed by her previous orgasm it took only a few minutes before she reached her peak once more. This time, with her muscles clamping down on the huge invader, she came harder, screaming until she was breathless.

Monica returned just in time to catch the last gasp. "Oh my God!" was her ejaculation as she watched the full length of John's cock slide from the Latina's asshole. "How the fuck did you get it in there?"

John looked up and grinned at her. "Apply enough force and anything is possible." John excused himself for a minute, taking time to clean completely before returning. He looked at Josie, who had cum at the same time as Isabella. "You should get cleaned up. I think it's the twins' turn now." Josie nodded and headed to the bathroom. She was determined to feel his monster deep in her bowels before the afternoon was over.

"Monica, Lisa," he spoke to them. "We can use the bed, its big enough for three... actually I'm sure we've managed six at once." The bed was indeed huge, custom made, much larger than even a king-size. They joined him on the bed with the other three remaining on the couch. Isabella was sitting a little gingerly now, but her fingers toyed with her clit. Sophia and Anna toyed with each other.

"Now," said he. "You've said you've fooled around a little, I'd like to see that." The girls looked at him, at each other, back at him, and then leaned into each other. Their lips met in a gentle kiss, pressing together. They began to kiss a little deeper, more boldly, tongues meeting in intimate caress. Hands found hair and the kiss became a lover's embrace.

Josie returned to the room, enthralled watching the sisters. She slid onto the couch beside Isabelle, and ran her fingers up the other's thighs until they nestled between her moist folds. The Latina rested her head back against the brunette's enormous rack, relaxing into her ministrations. Sophia whispered in Anna's ear, and the two of them went into the bathroom together.

John separated the twins, who were aroused to the point where they were rubbing themselves against the other's thigh. "Very nice," he commented. "We'll introduce you to Michelle and Heather later. They're twins too." He continued. "Monica, lie back. Lisa you lie along her right side, I'll take the left. Follow my lead."

In position he began to kiss the blonde girl, and then he released her lips and turned her face to Lisa. The two kissed, and then he turned her back to him. He licked his way down her neck, making his way to her breast. Lisa echoed every move. He licked his fingers running them down Monica's flat belly, circling her navel then tracing fine lines over her bald mons. Lisa matched him move for move.

The two slid lower placing themselves between Monica's wide spread legs. John sharpened his tongue, using it to caress the girl's labia and clitoris. He moved back, Lisa hesitated then replicated the motion, licking her sister's pussy for the first time. Her technique was awkward, unsure, but John knew that practise would make perfect. Monica's hand grasped her twin's head, her hips bucking as Lisa hit the right spot. John rested his head on Monica's thigh, rubbing Lisa's back as she ate out her sister.

Monica was a vocal performer, and she was almost screaming when she finally came. Lisa was rewarded for her efforts with a gush of her sister's juices. Quickly recovering she licked the other girl's cunt clean. John was aware that on the couch, Isabella and Josie also came as they watched the bedded trio.

"Oh God, that was... oh God I've never... oh God!" Monica kissed her sister deeply. John rolled them over until Lisa lay back against the pillow and Monica was between her legs.
