 "Oh c'mon Tracey - Tom's a professional, or at least he could have been. He was well on his way to being a Certified Physical Therapist/Sports Trainer until I got a hold of him. That's how we met. He's very good with legs and hips. Besides George doesn't mind - do you?" Kim chided her friends husband.

Tracey looked at her husband who tentatively nodded his head. "OK - Tom can do it. It's been bugging me for weeks and it's been difficult for George and me to...to be together since I hurt it."

'It' was an inner thigh injury acquired during a ferocious tennis match between Kim and Tracey. Tracey was unable to spread her legs laterally which pretty much eliminated her favorite positions for sex; namely, missionary, woman on top, and she was tired of just doing it doggy style. It wasn't that she didn't enjoy sex that way, but her body had become trained to responding to George's long, upwardly curving cock from a variety of face to face positions. If his cock wasn't rubbing across her G-spot, then she wasn't cumming. Add to this sad situation the fact that husband George had never been known for his oral skills (other then his enjoyment of receiving it) and Tracey had become a tight bundle of frustrated sexual need.

Tom watched as his wife of four years convinced the couple to let him try and massage out the injury. Tom was a little concerned because Tracey was very good looking and he had a good idea how his own body might react. While Kim gathered some materials for the massage Tom told George and Tracey what he would be doing. He described the muscles involved in the type of injury Tracey had and the type of massage he would be doing to alleviate her pain and restore functionality.

"You'll have to take off the dress Tracey; otherwise the massage oils will stain it." Kim said this in a way so seemingly practical that Tracey didn't even balked at removing her dress. She pointed out that George had seen all she had, that Kim had seen her at the gym and finally that she probably wore more to the beach in the summer time. Tom and George were both surprise when Kim, exclaiming her solidarity with Kim, removed her dress also.

Then both women chided the men that they were overdressed and to join them in their underwear. The two women made chicken wing movements and clucked at the guys. George and Tom looked at each other, shrugged, and stripped to their boxers.

As Tom began to massage Tracey he announced to her and the two spouses sitting on the couch whenever he had to push deep to the top of her inner thigh. Time and again Tom found the edge of his hand pushing into the hollow between Tracey's inner thigh and the swell of her cunt. He couldn't avoid the fact that there was a growing wet spot in the crotch of Tracey's panties that was turning them transparent nor could he avoid inhaling her scent. The result was inevitable and he felt himself getting hard.

George watched the massage with a mixture of arousal and just a little bit of jealousy. One thing was certain though, arousal was winning out over jealousy, his legs were crossed to hide his own hard on. What surprised him was the recurring thought that he wanted Tom to take some liberties with his wife, to let fingers slide past where they should have stopped, he finally had to admit to himself that he wanted to see another man make his wife come - not fuck her, no - just make her come. He was glad his boxers were a dark blue; the growing wet spot in the front of them would not be so easily seen.

Kim watched the others for signs of their arousal. Tracey was obvious, even Kim could smell her from the couch; George had his legs crossed to shield his crotch from her - so he was probably hard. What about Tom, was he also hard or was he being too damn professional? The room was thick with sexual tension until George broke it with a raunchy dirty joke. Then Tom told one, George top it and when Tracey asked what it meant - the other three busted up as Tom explained it. George laughed so hard his leg moved causing his cock to poke up through his fly. Kim noticed and couldn't stop herself from blurting out.

"Oh my God I've never seen one with a turtleneck before." She pointed directly at George's uncut and very exposed erect cock. George struggled to tuck it back in while sitting and was completely unsuccessful. He apologized as he tried to cover it up until his wife spoke out.

"Oh don't worry about it George, I've seen it, others have too. Besides your not the only guy in the room with a woody - is he Tom?" The two women began to chant "Show us. Show us. Show us." Tom continued the massage as he tried to ignore the taunts which only served to make him harder. Kim solved the dilemma by walking around behind him and pulling his boxers down to his knees. His protests fell on deaf ears when Kim saw and pointed out how transparent Tracey's panties had become - as in her cunt was now completely visible.

Within minutes four pairs of underwear were removed, two bras followed quickly. Tom thought that the massage should end but Tracey was adamant that he finish, she said that the muscles were really starting to relax and by way of demonstration spread her knees apart. Tom was transfixed by the swollen bare lips of her cunt; a thick waft of her arousal caused his cock to twitch and a large drop of precum to ooze forth. Once again he suggested that he stop, although this time his wife urged him to finish with Tracey and George enthusiastically agreed.

As he began to massage her upper thigh every time he pushed deep into the muscle Tracey's cunt winked open and her clit became more prominent. If the sexual jokes would just stop for a while he thought he might be able to make it. Mercifully the jokes did stop but Kim didn't. She proceeded to tell George and Tracey how she and Tom first met. Tom was in training then and she was referred to him for a similar sports injury and that during the massage he had seduced her into a "complete" release. Tracey asked what that was and Kim described the first time she had experienced a G-spot orgasm and that she and Tom had ended up fucking that night.

George and Tracey got really interested and asked for more details on this 'G-spot' orgasm. Kim tried to explain but finally said that the only way to know was to have someone who knew how to do it - just do it. Three heads turned to Tom. 

"You're joking. Oh c'mon guys, would you listen to what you're saying. You want me to stick my fingers into Tracey's vagina and stimulated her to orgasm. Do you hear what you're asking me? Are you nuts?" 

George spoke first. "No, I trust you. We're all adults here...together, nobody is sneaking around. Tracey's always had a tough time cumming, if this will help then I'm all for it." He leaned over Tracey and gave her a gentle kiss. "I love you Trace. I want this for you - I really do."

"I love you too George." Tracey turned to Tom and with an expression of true sincerity asked, "Please Tom, at least try - it's true you know. It's really hard for me to come. Please." Tracey bent her knees and spread her legs wide apart. 

Kim sealed the agreement. She knelt beside Tom and took his hand in hers. She rubbed his finger tips up and down Tracey's wet slit. She took his index finger and placed it at the entrance of Tracey's cunt - she gently pulled on Tom's wrist causing his finger to disappear inside Tracey.

Tom began to slowly finger fuck Tracey. She was soon moaning. He glanced up at Kim and George and was surprised to see them sitting right next to each other thigh to thigh and shoulder to shoulder looking intently at the activity on the floor. George asked Tom about what it felt like to find the right spot inside of a woman. Tom explained as best he could but George didn't seem to be getting it. What happened next blew Tom's mind.

"Here George try it with me!" Tom heard his wife say those very words and then saw her swing her leg over the back of the couch offering her open cunt to George. Tom blinked as George asked politely if it was OK. Tom wanted to say 'no it was not OK', which was difficult given the fact that he was finger deep in George's wife, so he just nodded.

"Turn you hand up -yeah that's it. Oh! You have thick fingers. Oh yeah, a little deeper, deeper - right there. Now hook your finger like you want me to come over - OHHHHH. You got it. OHHHH. You're a fast learner." George began to rub Kim's clit with his other hand and soon had her trashing quickly to orgasm. 

"You came that quickly?" Tracey sounded envious and somewhat pissed. Kim realized what had just happened and blushed. "Sorry I guess I was being too helpful." She looked sheepishly at her husband who glared back at her. Tom then directed his glare at George. 

Kim had wanted Tracey to come, now she was desperate to have her come. Tom's glare was a clear indication that he was not happy with what had just occurred. "Tom, why don't you try some direct stimulation to her clit -maybe if you licked her it might help?" Tom wondered at the uncomfortable situation they found themselves in. Tom was just about to call the evening's activities over with when Tracey mentioned that George didn't really do oral - other then receive it. 

George sought to reestablish some degree of, of ...whatever. He sheepishly looked a Kim who looked back at him with undisguised disbelief. Finally he nodded at Tom and Tracey and silently encouraged them on. 

Tom was becoming very suspicious of the motives of those around him. He loved Kim with all his heart but there was a deviousness about her that often served to piss him off. Tracey seemed sincere enough but what was George up to. The guy had purposefully diddled Kim to an orgasm. 

Fuck 'em - Tom was suddenly determined to make Tracey cum like never before. Tom lowered his head and began to lick and suck at Tracey's cunt. He started with a slow circling of Tracey's clit until she tried to move her hips for more direct contact. Tracey was finally beginning to trash about and she was definitely getting wet. Tom slowly wiped his other middle finger in Tracey's wetness then began to slowly circle her anus with it. As he circled closer to the center he applied slightly more pressure until he felt her sphincter release allowing his finger to slide into her ass. She cried out "Oh fuck - that's feels so damn good - your finger is so deep." He pushed his index finger into the bottom of her cunt as his second knuckle rubbed back and forth at her sphincter. The two fingers of his left hand sawed back and forth in her cunt and ass with the bundle of nerves of her perineum trapped between them.

George was surprised to hear that Tom had stuck a finger in his wife's ass. It was certainly something that he would have never done himself yet the proof was there before him - Tracey was writhing in ecstasy like he had never seen before. He hadn't been aware that he was stroking himself until he noticed that Kim was looking at his crotch and not at what was going on in front of them. George got her attention and nodded at his cock, "I could us a little help here." Kim's orgasm had left her highly aroused; she was desperate for some cock. She was entranced when she saw that George was jacking off next to her. Tom had never done that in front of her and she found it fascinating. George didn't have to ask twice before Kim was soon stroking him diligently.

Tracey was simply beside herself, or more accurately outside of herself. She felt as if she was floating near the ceiling. She could clearly feel Tom's tongue licking across her clit. She felt a finger rubbing, no stroking across the roof of her vagina, and those two other fingers - oh my God. She smiled, she KNEW she was going to come and it was going to be huge, and there was no doubt in her mind. She watched her hand reach out and move through Tom's hair. God he was doing her sooooo good.

At the touch of Tracey's hand to his head Tom glanced up and could hardly believe his eyes. Kim was jacking off George who was slowly pushing her head down to his cock. Tom kept tonguing Tracey as he watched his wife open her mouth and slowly begin to suck George's cock. Tom was pissed at Kim but he was really angry with George. First he finger fucks Kim and now he's got her blowing him! Fine - if that's the way they want to play - fine.

Tracey felt the need to pee all of a sudden as pressure built quickly in her pelvis. It felt as if ever nerve cell in her body was suddenly clamoring for her attention. She didn't know if she was screaming or writhing about silently, what she did know was that her orgasm was here - now. Her body went so rigid she couldn't breath. Wave after wave of pleasure crashed through her. Yet within this incredible joy she felt emptiness - a neediness. She heard her voice quietly plead to be filled, she needed him inside her.

Tom didn't know if Tracey meant George and Tom didn't care. What he did care about was the fact that George's formerly hard cock was now hanging limp and wet. Kim was wiping her mouth with the back of her hand and looking at Tom with guilty eyes. Tom move forward and easily sunk his cock into Tracey's cunt. He fucked her as hard and as fast as he could. If Tracey had any objections when she felt Tom's cock they were quickly swept aside. She could feel another orgasm building as her cunt was filled and emptied, filled and emptied. She'd never known sex could be this good - George had some serious catching up to do here. George? Tracey blinked at the realization that Tom was fucking her - fucking her well and thoroughly. She hooked her legs around him and matched him thrust for thrust.

Kim was in a state of shock. Shock that she had allowed even encouraged George to finger fuck her until she had an orgasm. Shocked that she had just finished blowing George and swallowed his come which was something she rarely did with Tom. Shocked that she had watched her husband plunge his cock into another woman and was at his very moment fucking her for all he was worth. Shocked that the woman was now clearly fucking him right back!

George stared up at the ceiling, as much to hide the smile on his face as anything else. He had finger fucked another woman and then compelled her to blow him. She even let him come in her mouth and then she swallowed it. Tracey always jacked him to the finish and usually had a towel or tissues ready. Plus Tom was getting his wife off while he sat back and enjoyed the show.

George's reverie was disturbed by the unmistakable sounds of bodies slapping together - bodies having sex - fucking. He raised his head off the back of the couch and looked down to she Tracey's legs locked tight around Tom's waist. Red scratch marks were visible across Tom's back and his ass flexed with each thrust into Tracey. Their fucking! Tom and Tracey are fucking. George opened his mouth to protest - it was too late. Oh shit their cumming.

Tom roared his release as he pumped his seed into Tracey's already spasming cunt. She continued to hump against his softening cock until he pulled it out. His cum flowed out of her. Her cunt was red and swollen; his cock was long and spent. As he kneeled between her legs the reality of what he'd just done washed over him. Oh shit!

"You fucked her?! You fucked my wife?! How could you do that? Who the fuck said said you could fuck my wife? Who?" George was pissed.

Tom looked at him, "Who said you could have my wife blow you?" 

"No...no. That's different. I did not fuck your wife. Besides Kim wanted it; she was practically drooling over my cock. She wanted it so bad that she swallowed it. Didn't you Kim, you swallowed my cum, tell him."

Kim looked at Tom with pleading in her eyes. The situation was beginning to spiral out of control. She wanted to be mad at Tom for fucking Tracey but she knew most of this was her fault.

Tracey's voice cut the arguments off. "I wanted it George. I needed Tom to fuck me."

"Oh." George felt the wind go out of his sails. "Maybe we'd better be going then."

Tracey struggled to her feet and looked down between her legs. Cum was running down the inside of both thighs. "Damn Tom look what you did to me?"

Tom looked at Tracey as an unspoken communication passed between them. He looked at George and Kim, "Look I think we all got a little carried away. And I guess nobody did anything that they didn't want to do." Tom looked up at his wife. "Maybe we need to finish this." Tracey smiled up at Tom and nodded her head. "Maybe you two should fuck. I think Tracey and I are OK with it."

"Oh we don't need to do that." George could hardly believe his own ears as he heard himself turn down the opportunity to fuck Kim.

George looked at his wife's messy cunt, then at Tom. The sight of Kim's fucked cunt was strangely arousing to him. When he turned to Kim she nodded slightly. George pulled Kim into an all fours position and rubbed his cock along the seam of her cunt. Kim's cunt opened and George pushed into her.

It was late in the morning when Tom and Kim finally awoke. Kim stretched her body against Tom's, her naked breasts grazing his back. A back covered with red scratches, scratches she had not put there. A twinge of jealousy rippled through her, was Tracey a better lover than she was? She forced the question from her mind and planted soft kisses on the marks.

Tom felt his wife's kisses and felt his body respond. He quickly rolled over and settled between her legs. He knew they both needed this. He pushed inside her and slowly fucked her. He had no intention of cumming, or of making her cum - he was simply reclaiming what was his.

Tom's movement had surprised Kim and while the moment of entry was uncomfortable the easy pace of his fucking was soon very pleasurable. Kim searched Tom's face for a clue as to what he was thinking - she found nothing. She stroked his face and whispered words of love.

"I love you too Kim - I always will." Tom pulled out of her and lay beside her. "I guess we should talk about last night."

"Well, it was certainly unexpected."

"Was it really Kim? Looking back it seem pretty well planned out to me." Kim rolled to the side and tried to leave the bed but Tom was too quick. He pulled her to him. "Tell me Kim, was Tracey in on it too, or was this just your little game?"

Kim swallowed. "Promise me you won't be angry."

Tom straddled her, pinning her to the bed. He crossed his arms over his chest.

"Ok. Do you remember the party at the Henderson's? The first time we met Tracey and George. Tracey and I hit it off and we just started to talk - about everything. We got on the subject of sex and well you know how I get when I'm a little drunk..."