 After Jim and Melissa had cleaned up and put on robes, they went out to sit on the balcony to watch the waves break on the beach.

The moon shown brightly over the ocean and the sound of the ocean relaxed them. Melissa sat in Jim's lap and ran her fingers through his hair. 

"I can't believe we met in Charlotte and then ran into each other again in Miami! I guess this is my lucky week." said Melissa.

Jim looked down sheepishly before replying "Well, it was not an accident. After we talked in Charlotte I could not stop thinking about you. I remembered you said something about a girl's week in Miami so I decided to play detective. My jet was waiting for me anyway so I told the pilot to fly to Miami. Once I got to the airport, it didn't take much work to find out a bunch of crazy chicks rented a hot Mustang and were staying in this hotel. It's amazing what you can find out if you throw around $100 dollar bills."

Melissa was in shock. He flew down to Miami to find her? He had a jet? She felt her head spinning at the news.

Jim kissed her again and said "You were so cute and nervous it really caught my attention. I was afraid I would never see you again. I'm glad things are working out."

Melissa kissed him hard with tears in her eyes. "No one has ever done something like this for me. I don't know what to say." she replied.

"Don't say anything. Let's just have a good time." Jim answered with a smile.

After a while, the door of the penthouse opened and Melissa's girlfriends stumbled in laughing loudly. Lori had man on her arm that looked like a tanned, well built surfer. The other girls kept grabbing the surfer's ass and giving each other playful spankings as they came in.

Melissa and Jim came in from the balcony to greet the group.

"Wow, look at the hottie Melissa brought home! I guess you have been busy while were out!" Lori hooted.

"Jim and I met in Charlotte. He flew down to find me. Isn't that romantic?" Melissa cooed.

Lori walked over to Jim and said "Nice. He looks like a big one. Mind if I have a taste?" With that Lori opened Jim's robe and began stroking his cock.

Melissa was shocked. "What are you doing? You shouldn't be doing that!" she cried.

"It looks like Jim doesn't mind" Lori replied as she popped the growing cock into her mouth.

Melissa watched in wonder as Jim's cock grew and grew in Lori's mouth. The view of her friend sucking and licking Jim's cock began to turn her on.

"Hey! You're going to have to fight me for it!" Melissa said as she got down and pulled Jim's cock from Lori's mouth with a pop.

Melissa greedily took Jim's now hard cock into her mouth. The earlier session had loosened her up and now she did not have as much of a problem sucking him deeply. She felt Lori's hands on her breasts under the robe as she continued to suck Jim.

"Don't be greedy..." Lori said as she pulled the cock from Melissa's mouth and returned it to her own. After a few minutes of swapping the fat cock, Lori said "Come on everyone, lets take this somewhere more comfortable."

The other girls had been entertaining themselves by stripping the surfer for better access to his cock and left their own clothes in the living room.

The master bedroom was massive with its own bathroom and its own California King bed. Even with the huge bed, the room remained spacious.

The surfer had a squealing girl over each shoulder as he entered and tossed them casually on the big bed with a grin. Melissa and Lori each had one of Jim's hands as they eagerly led him into the room.

Jim smiled as the girls removed his robe and threw it to the side. The others were already naked and had begun an impromptu pillow fight with the surfer.

Jim kissed Melissa and then Lori before saying "I must be the luckiest guy in Miami tonight. I have not one but four hot women all to myself."

"No way stud! Melissa and I get first dibs on that beautiful cock!" Lori said with a leer as she tugged on his fat cock.

Melissa was a bit jealous that Lori was getting all the attention. "Well, Jim thinks my pussy is the tightest he has ever felt!" Melissa said.

"Let Jim decide what he likes, baby." purred Lori as she pulled Jim to the bed.

Melissa was not about to be outdone. She jumped on the bed and kissed Jim as hotly as she could. The kiss went on and on before Melissa broke away.

"Wow! That was some kiss!" Jim said.

"That's nothing!" Lori replied as she took his fat cock into her mouth and to the base in one gulp. Jim moaned as he felt his cock slide into Lori throat.

The others had settled down now and the surfer was licking one woman's pussy while the other was sucking his cock.

Melissa, Jim and Lori were on the other side of the bed. Jim was licking Melissa's pussy while Lori continued sucking his cock. The sound of moaning and wet smacking filled the room.

Lori pulled Jim's cock from her mouth with a loud pop and said "Wow that's good but I have another idea!" She straddled Jim and held his rock hard cock up positioning it at the entrance to her dripping pussy.

She lowered herself on the fat cock and moaned as she felt it stretching her pussy wider and wider. Jim groaned into Melissa's pussy as he continued to lick and suck.

After a while Lori felt the tickle of his pubic hair against her pussy and knew she had taken is all in.

"God! It feels like a tree inside me! I can't believe how full I am!" Lori said. She ground her hips down and felt the big cock inside her throb.

After trying to relax her pussy, she started to lift up and felt Jim's cock start to slide inside her. Before the head could escape from her now loosening pussy, she pushed back down driving it deeply back inside. Her pace began to pick up as her orgasm built. With a loud moan Lori came with Jim deep inside and fell forward almost in a faint.

Melissa pouted at the fun Lori had been having even though having her pussy being eaten was fun and all.

"Jim really knows what to do with is tongue." she though "But I want some of that cock again!"

Melissa climbed off Jim against his protests. She kissed him and tasted her own juices.

"I want you to fuck me...in the ass" she whispered in his ear.

Melissa could not believe these words came from her mouth. It was one thing to show up Lori's skill but taking Jim's big dick in her virgin asshole was crazy!

Lori rolled off Jim with a satisfied sigh as he moved on the bed. He kissed Melissa and she felt his tongue slipping and sliding in her mouth. She held him tightly and could feel the hair on his chest tickling her nipples.

"Are you sure you want to do this?" Jim asked.

Melissa replied with a quick smile and a nod.

Jim asked "Do you have any lube?"

Melissa jumped off the bed and quickly searched Lori's suitcase. She returned to the bed with a large bottle of lubricating jelly.

Jim piled up pillows and positioned Melissa face down on top of them. Her ass was high in the air and a cool breeze gave her goose bumps. She jumped as she felt the cool gel on Jim's finger touch her asshole.

Jim rubbed gel around the girl's puckered hole and enjoyed the feel of her skin and the trembling this produced.

Lori had recovered from her own powerful orgasm and was now watching the action between Jim and Melissa with interest.

"Let me help..." she said as she spread Melissa's cheeks wider for Jim. The sight of Melissa's glistening asshole was starting to make Lori wet again.

Jim added more lube to his finger and began to push it into the quivering girl's ass. At first he felt resistance but as she relaxed he felt the tip of his finger begin to slide inside.

He kept up steady pressure until his finger was buried up to the second knuckle. The heat inside Melissa's ass made Jim's cock throb with anticipation.

He began to slowly withdraw the digit until just the tip was inside before pushing inside her again. After a few minutes he added lube to the digit while continuing to finger fuck her ass. When the lube was completely inside, he added another finger to stretch her open more.

Melissa groaned as she felt her exposed asshole winking open under Jim's attentions. The fact that Lori was helping made the act even more exciting. She reached down and her fingers found her clit and she began to rub it. Jim added a third finger as he watched Melissa play with her pussy and thrust into the pillows.

Lori took the bottle of gel and squirted a large dollop onto her hand. She gently began coating Jim's throbbing cock with the cool lube. She also could not help giving it a few strokes and sighed in pleasure at the feel of it.

By now Jim was able to easily slide his fingers in Melissa's relaxed asshole.

"I think you're ready." he said and moved closer to the trembling girl.

Lori pulled his fat cock closer to Melissa's now relaxed asshole. She rubbed the head of the member around the rim of her friend's ass before encouraging Jim to push forward with a hand on his hip.

Jim held his cock by the base and aimed it into Melissa's hole. He gently pushed forward and was rewarded when the head of his cock slowly began to slide inside. He kept up the pressure as the head and an inch of his cock slid into Melissa with a pop.

Melissa reached back and put a hand on Jim's stomach to make him wait for her to adjust to this new sensation. The feeling of Jim's cock stretching her asshole wider began as pain but was quickly building into a new pleasure.

After a few minutes, she told him it was OK and he began sliding his cock deeper into her. It almost surprised Melissa when she felt Jim's balls against the back of her hand while she was rubbing her clit.

"I can't believe how deep he is. I never knew how great this could feel!" Melissa moaned to herself.

When Jim felt his balls rest against the trembling girl he paused with his cock deep inside. He wanted her first experience to be a good one and knew a cock like his took time to get used to.

Lori was now rubbing her own clit as she kissed Melissa's ass cheeks. "That looks so hot, baby. I love getting fucked in the ass and it looks like you are really in for a treat!" she said lustily.

Jim held Melissa's hips as he slowly began to thrust. His cock slid smoothly in and out of Melissa's now relaxed ass as she continued to play with her pussy.

Lori rubbed Jim's balls as they moved back and forth and licked his nipples as he fucked her friend.

After a few minutes Lori said "Hold on a second. I want to get in here!" and encouraged Melissa to get up on her hands and knees.

Lori removed the pillows as Jim held his cock in Melissa's ass. Lori slithered under the girl with her head under Melissa's pussy. She had a front row seat as Jim began stroking his cock into Melissa's ass again.

Lori began licking Melissa's pussy and clit and spread her legs wide while pulling Melissa's face to her crotch. Melissa got the hint and started licking and sucking Lori's pussy. Jim could not help but smile at the sexy scene he had found himself in.

Jim could feel his balls tightening and knew he was going to come quickly. Lori was licking his balls as they slapped against Melissa and it was driving him over the edge.

With a groan he felt himself emptying load after load of cum into Melissa's willing asshole. 

Melissa could feel Jim's cock twitching and spurting. This made her moan and groan before it triggered the largest orgasm she had ever had!

Jim pulled his cock out of Melissa's ass and continued cumming on Lori's face. The woman eagerly licked the tip of Jim's cock trying to get every drop. Between this and Melissa licking her clit, Lori had an explosive orgasm of her own.

The others had also finished and were relaxing after their own orgasms as Jim, Melissa and Lori fell back on the bed with a sigh.

Jim kissed Melissa and said "I never thought this would end up the way it did when I decided to fly down from Charlotte to find you. I'm glad I did!"

Melissa smiled and kissed him again. "I'm glad you found me too. It's going to suck having to go home but there's always the next vacation!" she said with a grin.