 If you have read Well…4 you will know that Ann had tempted me to try something new, and boy did I enjoy it. But that had all taken place in the en-suite and I had lost track of Mary and James after the little light bondage session.

It was about two hours later when Mary crept into bed alongside Ann and I that I heard the full story of what they had been up to.

Apparently when Ann and I went into the shower Mary and James had dozed and then on waking decided a small stroll in the beautiful cool night air would be a good idea.

They put on robes, went down to the garden and walked down to the river discussing James’s boat and the garden as they made their way to the summerhouse on the edge of the water.

It was a fabulous moonlit night and they settled into a large settee, cuddling and whispering about the night’s events as they looked over the water.

James’s hands where not long in seeking out Mary’s abundant chest and the robes where soon on the floor as he rubbed her crotch and she stroked his thickening cock.

James moved to the floor and spreading Mary’s thighs began to lick her from the knee upwards, very gently and in little swirls that took his tongue closer and closer to her pussy as the time went by.

His fingers pinched her nipples gently and then Mary could stand it no longer, grabbing his thick hair she pulled him to her sex demanding, ‘Lick me you teasing sod, lick me, suck me and make me cum!’

James was only too pleased to oblige and set to with a will, bringing forth huge sobs from Mary as she got closer and closer to orgasm.

All of a sudden Mary was there! She clamped her thighs together and wouldn’t let James stop as an enormous shudder took over her body and juices flooded from her all over James’s face and upper chest.

Then pushing him away from her she bent across the arm of the settee and told James, ‘Fuck me now and hard please, as hard as you can’.

James’s prick was already for this and as he pushed into Mary he thought he saw a movement out of the corner of his eye.

Taking no notice at first he pressed home his invasion of Mary’s flooded pussy and started a slow but insistent battering of her flesh, pushing in to make her groan with delight and pulling out only to feel Mary’s pussy walls trying to keep him in.

It was while this was going on that he did see a face watching them, a face he recognised as belonging to the neighbour’s son.

His name was Dan and he was about 18 and from the look on his face this was something he had never seen before!

James put his hand around Mary’s chest bringing her flopping body back towards him and whispered in her ear, ‘Don’t look now but we are being watched’. James was surprised at the reaction. ‘Let them watch then, perhaps they will pick up some hints’ was the rasped reply from Mary as she continued to thrust her arse back to meet James’s onslaught.

James didn’t stop but told Mary who was there and how old he was only to be told ‘ Well I hope he isn’t getting too excited out there because he may be needed in here soon!’

At that they both exploded into a mutual climax that felt like the end of the world. Mary locked her hands around James’s neck and arched her body, thrusting her buttocks back so he couldn’t go anywhere while James pushed his jerking prick into her cunt, filling her to overflowing with the juices pouring from his balls.

They collapsed to the floor and lay there for a moment or two before Mary went to the window where the face had been and looked out.

Sure enough, sat on the ground with his back to the summerhouse was a young man, wearing only shorts, which must have been uncomfortable because there was a considerable bulge in the front!

Mary tapped on the glass and when his head jerked around she gestured for him to come in and join them.

She turned and walked back to the settee, watching the boy as he approached the door and then she sat down, motioning for James to join her.

Dan’s gaze was fixed on Mary’s wonderful body; her full breasts, her erect nipples and the pussy still pulsing from its recent orgasm, which was very evident between her slightly spread thighs.

‘Did you enjoy what you saw Dan?’ she asked.’ Very much’ was all he could say as, mesmerized, he fell to his knees and like a baby began to suck at Mary’s left breast. The nipple was hard and very sensitive as she cradled his head to her and with her other hand began to caress the bulge seemingly growing ever bigger in his shorts.

Mary knew however what young boys could be like and she didn’t want to waste anything this beautiful young man could give her! She pushed him back and made him stand up, all the while looking into his eyes as she put her hands on his slim hips and started to pull the shorts down his thighs.

For a second it seemed that he wanted to stop her but then his lust took over and Mary was allowed to continue slowly letting his rampant cock and balls come into view.

‘Hasn’t he got a lovely cock’ Mary remarked to James who was sitting next to her sporting a now semi erect prick. ‘If you say so Darling’ he replied,’ although I am much more an expert on women than I am on men!’

They all laughed at that but it was short lived as Mary wrapped her lips around Dan’s hard cock and she started to suck him in and out of her very educated mouth.

James eased a finger into Mary’s pussy and found a very aroused clitoris waiting for some attention while Dan watched himself being taken backwards and forwards into what felt to him like a furnace so hot it was.

Then it happened and before Mary could even move he was cumming! The first 2 or 3 spurts hit the back of Mary’s throat, instantly making her want to gag as she had never let anyone cum in her mouth before, and the remainder splashing onto her face and throat. 

Dan couldn’t help himself and as a roar sprang from his throat he grabbed his cock and continued to milk it all over Mary’s heaving body.

Seconds only had passed and Mary by this time had come to a decision. She swallowed! The slightly salty taste was a new experience, as I have said, but then she decided it wasn’t all that bad and that perhaps she would like some more at another time.

Dan was still hard! A hardness that was silly to waste thought Mary as she guided him towards her waiting pussy.

James removed his hand to allow Mary to guide Dan inside her and then as the young man started to push in and out he returned to caressing her clit and nibbling on her right breast and nipple.

Mary was in heaven. A prick in her pussy and her hand wrapped around James’s huge prick, stroking it, teasing it and gently enticing from him another orgasm.

It would take a while she mused but then she was in no hurry, wanting to be pleasured by these two men for a good long time. Climax after climax were making her moan almost continuously as the delicious feelings generated by the two men kept coming. It wasn’t that they were multiple orgasms just very frequent and all the time words of encouragement were being whispered into Dan and James’s ears. Dan was asked to go faster and James to put another finger into Mary’s sopping pussy as she built towards another enormous climax and then she was there, her pussy walls rippling around Dan’s prick which started him off and James as well when he saw the terrific lunge that Dan made at Mary’s cunt, almost as if he were trying to get even more of himself into her.

Dan’s climax was earth shattering for him and for Mary and James shot his juices into the air, the first two or three spurts hitting him on the upper chest and then leaving a trail of minor explosions down his stomach and around his balls.

They all slumped: the sexual tension relaxed and all three fell into easy casual conversation, with Mary finding out about Dan, and both her and James wanting to know more of his sexual experiences so far. These turned out to be the usual, groping in the dark at the cinema with pretty local girls, ‘self help’ to magazines carefully hidden so parents couldn’t find them, the odd ‘educational’ video and then tonight!

Dan was therefore very pleased when James invited him to a ‘special’ party that was to be held on that Saturday evening and he promised he would be there about 8 o/clock.

He slipped quietly away then, kissing Mary and thanking them both for a wonderful evening, so the other two put their robes on and made their way back to the house.

James escorted Mary to her room and then took himself to bed and that was when the events of the evening were related to Ann and I.

The effect of the story on both of us was predictable with the girls stroking my cock as I played with their pussys. Ann wanted to know what Dan felt like inside Mary and she was told with no details left out.

My cock was now like a steel bar and I tried to slip in between Mary’s thighs only to be told she wanted a little rest, at which Ann told me a suitable alternative was only on the other side of the bed!

I rolled Ann onto her other side and with Mary still telling us the story of this evening I slid my cock into Ann’s velvet smooth pussy from the rear and started a gentle in and out movement accompanied by nipple tweaking and clitoris rubbing.

She came very quickly but asked me to continue;’Don’t stop Darling keep fucking me, this story has got me so hot, I must have Dan as soon as possible!’ That was when Mary told us that Dan had been invited to a party that night and Ann exploded again all over my cock and signalling the start of my orgasm.

Again I seemed to go on for ages and then kept pushing in and out gently until my prick, fully deflated, slipped from Ann and we both fell onto our backs with a huge sigh of release.

Mary wanted to know about the party and Ann told her, ‘It’s a little gathering for some like minded friends, only about twenty of us, but between now and when the party starts you have to keep away from each others bodies. You don’t want to be too tired to enjoy yourselves do you!

With that she rose and took herself off to her room and James, giving both of us a look as she left that filled me with a terrific feeling of lust that was difficult to control.

Mary felt the same but said, ‘Down Tiger, you heard what Ann said so keep yourself to yourself and the time will pass very quickly’.

She was right of course, [then when in our marriage hasn’t she been?] time did fly and after a late breakfast and light lunch by the river another balmy day had gone by and all our minds were turning to the evenings revels.

Ann suggested we return to our rooms about four for a doze and then to meet them both in the lounge about seven dressing in the clothes that had been laid out for us.

Back to the house we went and sure enough our clothes were on the bed. Clothes, well that could be appropriate but not much!

We were both supplied with thongs and I had a short ‘Romanesque’ tunic with Mary being left a long piece of material with a hole in the middle for her head to go through and a satin belt to tie it together at the waist! Again very ‘Romanesque’ and stimulating.

This evening at seven, we couldn’t wait! 

17.10.2002