 Sunday morning was really beautiful. The sea was wonderfully calm and the sun shone in a cloudless sky as Mary and I lay in bed cuddling and talking about the weekend so far and what today was to hold for us.

We hadn’t made any arrangements with Ann and James but we knew we would probably see them so that we could swap addresses and telephone numbers. The only things we had swapped so far were sexual juices!!

Mary’s hand was playing gently with my prick as we chatted and that, and the conversation about the events of the last two days, soon had it as stiff as a board.

Mary was interested to know how I felt about seeing James fucking her and I admitted it had been a terrific thrill to see her doing with him a lot of the things that she had never or rarely ever done with me. She suggested it must have been something to do with the atmosphere and the relaxed way everything had gone that made the difference and I certainly had no problems at all with that.

By now regrettably my erection was getting a little anxious for some real action so I got out of bed and taking Mary by the hand I led her to the shower and in we got.

As I said before it was very large, so plenty of room for the two of us, and as we soaped each other under the water we both got more and more excited. 

My fingers sought out Mary’s pussy and were soon pushing in and out of her sopping hole as I rubbed her clitoris with my thumb. Her moans were getting louder and louder with this and when I rubbed a finger across her anus she wailed, ‘Put your finger in me, but gently please’. 

I obliged naturally and very carefully inserted a finger, taking my time and not going too far. The gentle rotating motion at the back and, as I had now moved to the side of her, the insistent rubbing of her clit had an orgasm pulsing from Mary in no time and she shuddered and wept little happy tears until the rush passed.

How I didn’t cum with the shear excitement of it all I don’t know but Mary was not going to leave me for long, and taking my cock in her hand she knelt down and began stroking up and down it, all the time looking up at me with imploring eyes.

Occasionally she licked the end of my prick and squeezed my balls but that look she was giving me was doing all the damage and then I was spurting 4 great gobs of cum on her tits, a low growl coming from my throat as she continued to pump my flesh, getting all the juices from me and spreading them all over her magnificent chest.

What a great way to start the day! We finished off our shower as soon as we had recovered a little, dressed and wandered off to James and Ann’s room to see if they were about.

There was no sign of them and when we checked at reception we were advised there was a note for us.

‘Dear George and Mary, sorry we missed you this morning but a small problem has arisen and we have had to rush off. Have had a superb weekend and hope you can both join us next weekend at our house. See you Friday as soon as you can make it. James and Ann’.

They left the address and telephone number and we decided there and then we would be going.

The rest of the day was spent exploring and travelling home but the rest of the week was spent in a tense sexual atmosphere as we both were looking forward to Friday evening and the promise of more adventures.

I don’t think that Mary and I had been as attentive to each other since the days after our wedding: there were unexpected little gropes as we passed each other, chests being offered for adoration before bra’s were put on, penises being ‘adjusted’ in briefs by Mary and all sorts of other little ‘touches’ which had been absent for a long time.

But no sex! It seemed that we were both waiting, and that way Friday came around very quickly.

I picked Mary up from her school on Friday afternoon and having packed the evening before we were soon on our way to James and Ann’s house.

When we arrived we were very impressed: the house was enormous, on a large plot of land leading down to the River Thames and having a very big boat moored at the bottom of the garden. Both Mary and I approved of this as we had our own boat but of course hadn’t even talked about this last weekend because of all the other things we had been doing!

James and Ann welcomed us in and apologised enormously about not seeing us last Sunday as they showed us to our room next door to theirs.

Mary noticed it first, although I wasn’t much further behind, the wedding ring that is, and said to Ann,’ Did you two get married in the week? ‘. Ann and James laughed, ‘ Certainly not, we’ve been married for nearly 27 years, the fact that I was James’s secretary last week is a little game we play, servant and master stuff, you know the sort of thing!’

Yes we did know and so we all trooped off for a guided tour ending up in the huge kitchen so we could all chat, drink and help prepare the evening meal. Ann was a tremendous cook and we were very quickly sharing a lovely meal and plenty of wine, and the conversation soon turned ‘naughty’ with plenty of knowing looks and lingering touches.

When we had all finished Ann took Mary aside telling us boys to load the dishwasher, have a brandy and join them upstairs in fifteen minutes!

We did as we were told and then I followed James upstairs with my heart beating frantically at the thought of what was going to happen.

James told me to go and get undressed in our room and then to put on a gown and come into their room as soon a possible. This must have taken me about 5 seconds ands when I entered their room the lights were very dim and James and Ann were stood either side of the bed were Mary was laying. 

She had four silk scarves tied to her ankles and thence to the corners of the bed and one over her eyes. Both our hosts were gesturing to me not to say anything and that would have been difficult anyway as I was dumbfounded by the scene in front of me!

James removed his robe to reveal his magnificent cock trying desperately to get out of a black posing pouch and Ann removed hers to reveal a black thong and platform bra that showed off her amazing chest to perfection. James removed my robe for me and Ann dropped to her knees in front of me to help me get into another posing pouch, which presented her with some difficulty in view of the size of my erection. Still she managed eventually and we all stood and looked at Mary lying there defenceless on the bed.

Ann slipped between Mary’s thighs as James and I took up position on either side of Mary and as one we all started kissing and licking her at the same time. Ann was taking great delight in running her tongue up and down Mary’s pussy as James and I commenced to devour her breasts and nipples.

Mary was soon moaning and writhing about on the bed as her clitoris came in for special attention from Ann and her nipples hardened as us boys sucked and tugged at them gently.

At a signal from Ann we all moved around and although Mary whimpered ‘Don’t stop’ as we moved it wasn’t long before we were all in full swing again and I could tell Mary was very, very excited from the torrent of juices flowing from her pussy as I licked and sucked at her.

Ann moved away from the bed for a moment going into a room off the bedroom and coming back with a short handled whip in her hand. Now don’t be alarmed! it had silk tassels, about a dozen of them coming from the end and Ann started to play these across Mary’s heaving tits as James and I continued our oral ministrations.

My face became covered in Mary’s juices as Ann started on her chest and while I was tonguing and fingering her, her pussy was opening so wide it was unbelievable.

I was handed a dildo, a pretty large one at that by James, and when I put that in contact with Mary she nearly broke all the silk scarves in one easy go! ‘Push it in me, whoever you are’ Mary hissed and so as I pressed it in and out she threw her hips up and down to get the maximum penetration.

Orgasm after orgasm was wrenched from Mary as we continued our onslaught and then we were told, ‘Someone has got to fuck me soon or I will go out of my mind’.

I was the nearest so I stripped of my pouch and rammed my aching cock into Mary’s soaking pussy for all I was worth. She immediately responded to me.’ Fuck me harder George, fuck me harder! I want to come again’. My prick was pistoning in and out and Ann was positioning herself so she could sit on Mary’s face, while James continued with the gentle lashing off her tits and pinching of Mary’s nipples. 

What was Mary to do! Only one thing, she came again like a kettle blowing off steam. It was as much as I could do to stay in place she was writhing in ecstasy so much and it must have taken several minutes for the trembling to die down.

I slid from her pussy as easily as I had pushed in and as Ann and James released the scarves she grabbed my prick and sucked it all the way down into her throat, something she had never down before. 

I knew I wouldn’t last long and not wanting to cum in Mary’s mouth I pulled away and as James shoved his large dick into her I threw Ann onto her back and, straddling her stomach, pushed my cock towards her. She understood immediately and cradled my hard flesh with her incredible tits, allowing me just enough leeway so I could slide in and out.

I was furiously rubbing her clit as I fucked her tits and my first ejaculation of the night was splendid! Huge amounts of cum jerked from my dick, covering her chin and throat, the remainder issuing forth between her tits and being spread all over by her hands as she came with the intensity of my caresses.

James was grunting and Mary moaning as they continued in earnest, James thrusting in and out smoothly, one minute staying at the entrance to her pussy for a tantalising second and then thrusting in until his balls slapped against her arse. Whilst I knew his control was good even James couldn’t keep this going for long, and as Mary came to yet another huge climax, James seemed to stop and then threw himself into her pulsating cunt.

From the expression on both their faces and the twitching of James’s backside it was obvious his climax was mind-blowing and Mary kept pulling on his buttocks to get him ever deeper into her as she milked his prick for all the juice she could get.

Ann and I both looked on with smiles on our faces as the other two came down from a terrific high and as we all snuggled up together Ann asked Mary’ How did you enjoy being helpless?’ Mary replied very quickly,’ Wonderful, not knowing who was doing what until George stuck his cock in me, was astounding. The little whip was OK but I don’t think I would want anything heavier though’, and we all thought that was fair enough.

A shower was called for and Ann and I made our way to the en-suite leaving James and Mary dozing in each other’s arms.

The shower was the usual excuse for chest rubbing, dick pulling and clitty kissing but getting done first I left the shower so Ann could get cleaned up properly.

I sat on the loo watching this magnificent creature wash herself and she knew it! It took an inordinate amount of time for her left breast to get really clean, her nipple was soaped and tugged and pinched and all the time she was looking at me with the sexiest look on her face!

What effect was this having on me? You’re right, there was I sporting another erection within minutes of this show being started.

Now I have told you before that I need a little time to get ‘rejuvenated’, which just goes to show what an effect this beautiful creature had on me.

Ann exited the shower and still dripping wet stood in front of me, turned and slid herself in one easy movement down my engorged prick.

I was in heaven! As she moved up and down on me I could play with her nipples and succulent breasts as well as rub her clit gently with my other hand. Also I had the benefit of knowing that I was not going to cum quickly and thus spoil it for her and me.

She was so graceful in her movements, gliding up and down and then she released me and swung round impaling herself on my prick so I could suck her tits and play with her arse.

I slid a finger between her buttocks and tantalised her rose bud bringing forth louder moans and more wetness from her pussy.

‘Are you going to fuck me in the arse?’ she said gently, knowing that this was something I had never done before, ‘ You’ll like it, honest’. 

A hoarse sort of growl of lust came out of my throat and I heard myself say ‘Show me’.

She drew herself away from me with a squelching sound and reached for some Vaseline on the vanity unit; opening it she took a good finger full and spread it all over my aching dick.

She turned around again and gently lowered herself onto my thighs, pulling her buttocks apart and telling me ‘Hold your prick up straight so I can get onto you’. 

I did as I was told and was rewarded with a feeling I find it difficult to describe, suffice it to say I enjoyed it. It would appear that Ann was enjoying it as well! Slowly allowing me entrance and then getting quicker as I became more used to it and could think about her clitoris and tits as well as the incredible feeling in my loins!

The tightness of her caused my climax quicker than I would have liked but by now she was going up and down at a fair old rate, all the time telling me things like ‘Fuck my arse bastard, harder, harder’ and other little endearments like that! I came in gallons! We all say that don’t we but that is exactly what it felt like. My cock jerked and twitched for what seemed like hours and I could tell from the pulsing of Anna’s pussy around my fingers that she was coming at the same time.

She eventually stood and taking me by the hand took me into my bedroom where she cuddled up next to me ‘spoon fashion’ and she fell into an exhausted sleep.

What were Mary and James doing I thought as I drifted off. 

I found out the following day and will let you know in my next submission.