 I had made two round trips where the guys had enjoyed seeing my bound, teased and aroused body while I delivered beer and snacks and then returned to service Rebecca's pussy. I was horny as hell and prayed she would take mercy on me and make me cum, but keeping me on the edge apparently was more fun for everyone involved except for me. Although I hated the feeling of the ball gag in my mouth I loved the taste of Rebecca's pussy coating it. This only served to increase my lust as her pussy became the focus of my world.

On my third trip to the game I felt a hand sliding up under the micro-mini skirt I was wearing and a squeeze on my butt cheek. Surprisingly it wasn't Jim or Steve who became so bold but one of the other men I had not been introduced to yet. His fingers were certainly courageous however as he drifted from my ass to my labia and along my slit finding how wet I had been for the past hour or so. But before I could get any real satisfaction, he withdrew his hand. I moved on to my next delivery, another man I didn't know. He was even bolder with his fingers in that he didn't try to hide what he was doing under my skirt. He simply reached behind my apron and squeezed my left breast taking time to fondle my erect nipple as well. That brought a deep breath through my nose and a moan through my gag which was noticed by everyone at the table. After that every man took his turn fondling my body as I delivered their drinks. Nipple pinching, ass squeezing and finger fucking was on tap for the rest of the first round of their game. Of course as soon as my tray was empty a buzzing in my ass signaled my need to return to Rebecca and her seemingly never satisfied pussy.

The first round of the game went on for about an hour before the first player lost all his money. They were playing Texas Hold-Em' and each guy started with $2,000 in chips. They explained that each round lasted about 2 hours as they kept upping the minimum bet to keep the game flowing. Once the first player was out, the short stacks would begin to fall quickly. Steve was the first one out. I expected him to go take care of his wife but instead he waved at me and brought me over to one of the couches on the other side of the game room. He unhooked my tray and unclipped my wrist cuffs. He left the cuffs on but at least I could pull my arms forward in front of me relieving the pressure on my shoulders. He then turned on some music, sat down and told me to give him a lap dance. I wasn't thrilled with that prospect and a buzz in my ass gave me the excuse to return to the kitchen. Rebecca was surprised I didn't have my tray anymore and my hands were loose.

"So was my husband the first one out again?" she asked me.

I nodded.

"He probably does that on purpose, although usually I'm the one dancing for him. Let's go."

She took me by the hand and led me back to the game room. Steve was still sitting on the couch although another one of the unknown men had now joined him. Rebecca sat down next to her husband and then looked at me.

"What are you waiting for?" she asked. "Dance for us or you will not be cumming tonight."

I watched as she held up the remote and turned both my vibrators on. My hips began to move on their own at first, but I quickly gave way to their lustful desires and began swaying in concert with the music.

"Come closer slut," Rebecca ordered and I obeyed.

Steve sat in the middle and I stood in front of him trying to put on as seductive a show as I could. I felt Rebecca's hand grab my wrist and spin me around so my ass was in his face. I then felt two hands (I assume they were Steve's) grab my hips and pull me down onto his lap. I felt his cock begin to harden as I did a slow bump and grind on his crotch. The unknown man had busied his hand under my apron tweaking my nipples and Rebecca had her fingers busy in my pussy while the butterfly and plug worked their magic. Finally I had the stimulation I was going to need to get off.

I could feel my arousal building and there was no way my three partners could miss what I was feeling. I was about to cum and cum hard when I felt the gag being removed. I then felt Rebecca's hot breath on my ear as she whispered to me, "Cum now baby girl. Cum hard and cum loud." 

Her permission was all I needed as hours of sexual tension drained from my body in a matter of seconds. With a scream of pleasure, my orgasm hit like a tidal wave. Steve grabbed my hips and held me tight against his pants covered hard cock as I shook and bounced against him. The man to my left pinched my nipple hard and a bolt of pain rocked through my body, but that only served to extend my orgasm. Rebecca continued to finger fuck me although I wished I was getting attention from something larger and longer than her fingers. All three of them seemed to enjoy my show almost as much as I enjoyed the shattering climax that tore through me. I didn't notice as I was looking the other way, but I assumed the game stopped for the duration of my show as well.

After I calmed down I was repositioned off of Steve's lap onto the lap of the other guy. Apparently the rules of the first round were when you get knocked out of the game you get a free lap dance. I did my best to give him a good grind on his groin, although now that my lust had been temporarily sated, I didn't do quite as good a job as I had on Steve. Speaking of Steve, Rebecca seemed concerned that his hard cock from my dance was causing him discomfort because he had unzipped his pants and was giving him a hand job as they both watched me. I wondered if that was part of the usual events or whether that was something special due to my "great dancing skills" but either way watching her slow deliberate stroking of his cock inspired me to give my new partner a bit extra. I could feel his cock beneath me and I wondered if I could get him to cum in his pants. 

A third guy was now out of the game and he took up residence on the love seat apparently waiting his turn. I didn't know how long I was supposed to grind on player number two so I just kept rubbing against his crotch until I was told to switch. I figured Rebecca would let me know when it was time. Before I switched a fourth guy joined number three on the loveseat. I could see that Steve was close to cumming with all the attention his wife was giving him. I guessed that would be my signal to move on and I was right. However, before I did Rebecca told me to get on my knees in front of him. I immediately dropped to the floor and opened my mouth assuming she wanted me to suck him off or at least drink his load. But that wasn't her plan. With her free hand she raised my apron exposing my pretty titties. She then aimed his cock at my chest and told him to "let the slut have it." And have it I did. Steve's cock exploded a torrent of cum leaving a high speed splatter trail across my chest. I was coated in his juice. Rebecca then stood up and removed the apron to prevent it from soaking up his cum and told me to continue dancing pointing at guys three and four. 

I walked over to the love seat and both men seemed happy to share my dance passing me back and forth. I'm sure some of Steve's cum dripped off my tits onto their pants but neither seemed to care. With the blinds in the game reaching a peak, the rest of the players started to drop out quickly and I was passed around between them. They seemed to enjoy having me sit reverse cowgirl on them so they could grab my tits while I dry humped their legs. I was quickly ready for them to do much more, but they all seemed to know the schedule of events and were happy to just feel me up. I expected to be forced to my knees and made to suck them off, but apart from some fondling, they all seemed satisfied to have me just dance for them and hump their crotches.

Finally there were only two players were remaining, Jim and Tony. I wondered if there was anything special I got to do for the winning player. As it turns out Tony won. All of the other guys left the room and Jim told me to dance for Tony and then to give him his victory hand job. I expected to give him a victory blowjob, but he didn't seem concerned that I was only going to tug him until like Steve he hosed down my boobs. I never did dance for Jim, although after I was done with Tony he told me to follow him to the bathroom to clean up. And by clean up it meant he would lick all the cum off my chest. He then removed the butterfly and told me to sit up on the bathroom counter while he ate me to orgasm number two. He told me I was doing great and that I would enjoy round two even more. Since round one had given me two orgasms and had taught me a new appreciation for eating Rebecca's pussy, I could only imagine what was yet to happen.

The guys were sitting at the table again by the time we returned. Each had a new stack of chips before them and the timer had been reset to the low starting limits. Rebecca brought me back to the kitchen. I expected she would order me to service her again but she didn't. She just wanted to explain my new duties.

"During round two you are going to crawl under the table. You will notice the guys have all removed their pants. Whoever wins a hand will wave at you indicating you should suck their cock but don't let them cum. The winner gets to finish as his reward, but the losers only get teased. How does that sound?"

"It doesn't sound fair. What if I want them to finish?" I replied with a devilish smile.

"Don't worry, they will eventually. This is an incentive to try to win. In round one some of the guys want to lose early to get the lap dance," she said smiling.

I nodded my agreement and walked back to the game room. Steve, sitting at the head of the table, stood up, moved his chair and let me climb underneath the table. He was pretty flaccid after cumming earlier, but several of the guys were already hard. The game began and about 30 seconds later I got the first taste of cock in my mouth. I had to admit I hated to tease the guys and not try to get them off. At first there were not too many quick repeat customers so most of the guys would lose their erections before I would get back to them unless they won several hands in quick succession. My knees and jaws were getting sore as I spend the first hour crawling back and forth serving all the guys. Whenever Jim, Steve or Tony won a hand I didn't take it easy on them. The mischievous side of me wanted to make them cum before they were supposed to. I imagined the look on their faces as all the other guys watched them blast off before the agenda allowed. But unfortunately the quick movement to another guy and all three guy's staying power denied me the thrill of making them spurt. Finally players started to drop out.

As a result, the remaining players more frequently won two or three hands in a row. Steve, Jim and Tony all dropped out early so I wasn't sure whose cocks I was sucking. This didn't really matter, although I would have liked Jim to stay in until the end again. In the end only two guys remained. They were sitting on opposite sides of the table. The hands were moving so quickly that I struggled to switch cocks in time. Jim stuck his head under the table and just told me to stroke them both. I was happy to get a break and sat between them and gave them both long slow hand jobs. I expected them both to explode on me, but apparently one of the players got beat on a cooler and the game was over.

Both men pushed my hands away from their cocks and stood up. I figured I should crawl out from under the table so I did. Jim told me the winner's prize was a blowjob to completion from me. This was fine by me. After all the sucking I did it was time for me to get some man juice. The winner, Ralph I later found out, sat down on the loveseat and I knelt between his legs. I don't know if I had sucked him most of all during the tournament, but I recognized his nice thick cock as I slid it past my lips until he hit the back of my throat. Then I began sucking like my life depended on it. Since he was the victor I wanted to be sure he got his reward. And my reward for being such a good little slut.

Ralph was content to sit back and enjoy himself and the other guys seemed to be enjoying watching. I don't know if that made Ralph try to hold back or if he was just a little nervous about having 9 other guys plus Rebecca watching him get blown, but he certainly had staying power. I was tired of being on my knees and wanted him to cum quickly so I began stroking his cock along with my oral service. I made sure I was giving him a sloppy, spit covered blowjob allowing my hand to easily slide up and down his shaft. Based on his breathing I knew he was enjoying the change in style. His friends also took notice and began cheering him on. Hell, I was the one doing all the work. They should have been cheering me on, but I guess the call to "blow a load down her throat" would have to do as my inspiration.

I redoubled my efforts to get him to shoot and eventually he did. It wasn't a huge load filling my mouth, but his jizz was nice and creamy. I popped my mouth off his deflating dick to the applause of the assembled throng. I looked up at Jim wondering if he was going to escort me to the bathroom so we could French kiss Ralph's essence but he didn't. After seeing Jim wasn't making a move toward me I looked to Rebecca who was sitting on the couch with a couple of other guys. She was in the middle and had a hard cock in each hand. She paused long enough to point to the center of the room indicating I should take a new position. As I did I noticed the other guys unzipping their pants and Rebecca beginning to stand up. 

She bent back over and grabbed both of the cocks and gave them a couple more strokes before both guys began to stand up. She then led them over to me and knelt in front of me. Rebecca spit on her hand and grabbed the first guy and began stroking him again. It didn't take him long to swell in her hand leading her to exclaim "here it comes" before she aimed his cock at my face. I put up my hand to block the stream of cum shooting at me, but I felt somebody grab my wrists from behind. Cum was dripping off my face down to my chest as I felt my wrists being clipped together behind me again. Rebecca then repeated the process with the second guy. This time I didn't have a way to defend myself and he unleashed a torrent of jizz all over my face. When I finally felt the cum dripping enough off my eyes to feel I was safe to open them, I saw the other guys standing around me in a semi-circle all jerking their cocks furiously. 

Rebecca seemed to relish helping the guys finish and especially seemed to enjoy helping them aim at me. The third guy hit my face as well but numbers four and five chose just to paint my tits. Numbers six through nine took a mixed approach starting on my face (I learned to open my mouth for a tasty treat) before finishing on my breasts. In the end I had one load in my belly, a little splatter also in my mouth and a whole lot of cum dripping of my face and chest. And we still had one round of cards to go.

It was late so a couple of the guys left after round two's bukkake. I was not allowed to wash off but Rebecca did disappear while the guys setup the chips and took bathroom breaks. By the time they were ready to begin, Rebecca had returned sporting a thick strap-on around her waist. It looked funny around her formal gown, but then I realized the progression taking place and knew the winner of this round was going to fuck me. My pussy gushed in anticipation. The boys sat back down and Rebecca sat on the couch. I was still standing in the between the couches waiting to be told what to do. Rebecca waved me to her. "Mount up cowgirl," she said. "Face the guys and let them watch those cum covered tits bounce."

I didn't need to be told twice. I needed to get fucked, even if it was by her dildo. I straddled her lap just like I had done to the guys after round one but in the process impaled myself on her fake cock. I looked down at her as she filled me stretching my pussy. It felt great and I was ready for more.

"Grind me like you did the guys when you did their lap dances baby girl," she hissed at me. And grind her I did. The remaining cum from the guys began to fly from my chest dripping down on our erotic hostess. She didn't seem to mind. My tits were bouncing wildly and the guys seemed more intent on watching me instead of playing their game. 

"Ride it baby, ride it," Rebecca cheered me on. I heard one guy call "all in" on about the fourth hand and Jim called him. Jim won the hand, but the loser didn't seem to care. He jumped up and sprinted toward the couch. His cock was hard already and flopping wildly side to side as he ran. I started to slow down on Rebecca in anticipation of dismounting, but she grabbed my hips and held me tight. I had not noticed before but she had a jar to lube sitting next to her. The "loser" grabbed the lube and began to slather it over his cock. I looked down to Rebecca who smiled a dirty smile and said "well you didn't think that plug was just so I could signal you, did you?"

I was still impaled on her as the guy pulled the plug out none to gently. Then with a single thrust he buried his cock up my ass. At least he was small of stature I thought as he and Rebecca began to work on getting a rhythm to my double penetration. The guy was grunting as he relished getting first crack at my ass. The game stopped to watch the carnal show as I was split roasted between them. My tight ass must have appealed to him as he quickly stopped thrusting and then shot a tiny load into my butt. He had shot one of the larger loads onto me just 15 minutes before so I guess he didn't have much left in his balls. I didn't care. I felt him pull out and then he unceremonially pushed the plug back in my ass. As I had learned to do I looked down to Rebecca for clarification.

"The guys don't have much left so they are taking up a collection," she instructed me.

The game continued in a frenzy with chips flying around and guys dropping out at a furious pace ready to take my ass and leave their own contribution to the cum soup collecting in my ass. Jim won the round and added his spray last to my now very stretched backdoor. Rebecca had stayed under me the entire time (about 40 minutes) letting me rut on her femcock. I came three more times when Tony, Steve and Jim took their turns. By the time Jim finished I was spent. I had no to energy to resist when Steve produced a much larger plug which he pushed into me after Jim pulled out "to make sure I didn't lose any of their gift to me" on the way home. Tony and the other guys had all left by this time. Steve started clearing the poker table and putting the chips away. Rebecca escorted Jim and I back toward the front door. I had lost the micro-mini by this point so other than the stockings, heels and the butt plug I was naked. I didn't get the impression Jim cared much that he was going to take me home that way and in truth, I didn't care either. Used as I had been I really didn't worry if Steve's neighbors saw me in that condition.

"I hope you will loan this little vixen to us for a weekend sometime?" Rebecca asked Jim.

"I think arrangements can be made as long as Steve gives me you sometime," he replied.

Rebecca blushed. "I'd like that," she said. "I'd really like her to make me cum one more time right now as well."

"That's not a problem. All you had to do was ask. Isn't that right Wendy?"

I was totally worn out after blowing and fucking the ten guys not to mention having serviced Rebecca several times already and riding her cock, but I couldn't resist either of them. I nodded and Rebecca took my hand. She led me back upstairs to the guest room where my lust filled decent began several hours earlier. She stripped off her gown and I finally got a good look at her beautiful body. She was magnificent. She lay down on the bed with her legs draped over the edge and spread wide. She spread her labia with two fingers and told me to "come and get it."
