 Bondage...Now there's a subject about which I know very little. Don't get me wrong, I have seen some very mild, well I assume it's mild, stuff on video and shall we say I have been a little 'intrigued', nothing heavy you understand but a little 'restraint' possibly never hurt anyone!

'If you don't ask you don't get' has always been one of my sayings and so I thought, as I lay one bright morning with Mary on our boat, that I might as well say something.

Mary was lying, as she often did, just cuddling me and every now and again brushing my dick when I told her 'I think I would like to be heavily teased'. 'What is that supposed to mean?' she said 'how heavy is heavy?'.

'You know, stopped from fully taking part but being part of the whole experience despite being... hampered'.

'Can I assume this means some good friends being in on this?' she queried and immediately got her answer in the way my dick started to stiffen. 'Oh, I think I see' she mused, and then started to work my burgeoning cock for all she was worth.

'I will talk to our lovely friends Ann and James' she said 'I am sure they will have some interesting ideas!!!'

And I came; I came like a geyser, spraying my white juice all over Mary's hand and arm, draining my balls so deep I thought I would never stop twitching. 'Who's a naughty boy then?' said Mary. 'Thinking nasty thoughts about beautiful women and well endowed men!' I had to agree.' I am' I moaned, 'so make sure you do something about it!'

A couple of weeks later on a Friday morning Mary was getting ready to go to work and as I put her briefcase in the car she said to me, 'We have to go out tonight so make sure you have showered and tidied up by the time I get home. I will be home after meetings about 5pm and we will be off'. 'Will we need to take anything?' I asked,' Only a toothbrush and a thong!' she quipped as the car door shut and she reversed and drove off.

I packed two toothbrushes, or is that toothbrushi, and two thongs, well if she is going to be difficult so can I!! and I was ready when she pulled onto the drive later in the afternoon.

As soon as we were 5 minutes into the journey I knew where we were going, or I thought I did, as we were heading in the direction of Ann and James's house, but then we went past their place and stopped a mile or so down the road at another house. The gates opened when Mary flashed a remote control at them and we proceeded down a long drive past the river and up to a large house covered in ivy and obviously very old.

I was escorted from the car and taken into the hallway where a blindfold was put on me.' This will make you think!' Mary told me 'Don't worry, you are perfectly safe, nothing horrible will happen to you, I just want you to remember this for the rest of your life'.

The house was very quiet as Mary led me down a flight of stairs and along a corridor, it was very warm but that was all I could detect, along with the silence, until Mary opened what I could tell was a heavy door and we entered a room.

Mary sat me down in a chair which had a partially reclining back, a little like a deck chair but not quite so extreme, no arms and very comfortable. She tied my arms lightly to something, with something quite soft and told me,'You must not move until I tell you, in fact you must ONLY DO what I tell you'.

Then it went quiet. I couldn't tell if Mary was still there or not and it was then that I started to wonder if this was the right thing to do.

A few minutes passed and I started to hear movements. Mary was there because she said 'I am going to untie your bonds and I want you to take all your clothes off and sit down again'. I happily did as I was told and was not surprised to find that my cock was beginning to stir. 'You are getting a little ahead of yourself' I was told and a soft 'something' was flicked across my dick. That did nothing to soften me, in fact it increased the size of my erection so I wasn't 'flicked' again and I gained full strength when the ties were put back around my arms.

That was when the hands arrived. Four hands to be precise. They started on my shoulders and worked their way down my chest, arms, thighs and legs before finally settling their wanderings in the area of my crutch. 'Spread your thighs wide' came the command and as I did so I felt a body settle itself between them and commence a slow licking of my shaft from head to balls. I sensed at the same time another body straddle my thighs without sitting on me and a nipple was thrust against my drying lips. They were not dry for long as I licked them and the nipple, which was being offered to me.

Then the other noises started. A sigh, a slight groan, low whimperings, all so intriguing, and as the mouth continued to work on my genitals and the nipples continued to be thrust into my welcoming mouth my dick stretched to proportions I didn't think were possible.

I was close to cumming down the heavenly throat working on me and then it all stopped. Both bodies moved away from me and I was left 'on the verge'

The blindfold was removed and the sight that greeted my eyes was truly beautiful.

I was in a room all draped in lush maroon hangings, with a huge fire burning in an immense fireplace and, on the sheepskin rug in front of me, was a low table.

Laid on it completely naked was Mary, her feet on the floor on either side of the table, her hands also on the floor and her head supported on a small cushion on one end of the table.

The light of the fire made her body glow with the thin film of sweat that covered her and she moved slightly against the ties that were holding her arms and legs to the table legs.

Between her thighs was James, again naked and sporting his usual large erection and brushing her pussy against Mary's lips was Ann, rocking gently back and forwards against Mary's tongue and pinching her nipples in a silent, lust ridden trance.

God it was amazing, and my cock, which had begun to wilt, after the disappointment of not cumming started to rise again with the sight of the slow eroticism before my eyes.

I heard soft footfalls on the thick carpet of the room from behind me and a well-manicured pair of hands started again to play with my prick. Tanya was there! I couldn't mistake those lovely slim fingers and as she knelt beside me and played with me Brian stood behind her stroking his enormous cock to full size. The lust in his eyes was very evident as he gazed at her slightly spread thighs and the pink, moist pussy lips that appeared between them. She was also displaying her puckered little 'back door' and Brian was not oblivious to that spectacle either.

Tanya's mouth engulfed me as the sight for Brian became too much and he pushed his 10 inch long cock into Tanya's pussy in one easy motion. She gurgled around my cock and settled into a wonderful rhythm of licking and sucking as Brian surged slowly and deeply into her welcoming sex.

All the time Ann and James were administering to Mary. She was struggling a bit more now that they had aroused her lust a little more and she was tonguing Ann and sucking on her clitoris as much as possible while James did the same to Mary's throbbing vagina.

Urgency arose in my balls again and as I prayed for release. Tanya and Brian disengaged themselves and I was left. Brian moved to Mary's head and offered her his cock while Tanya straddled Mary and turning Ann around to face her started to stroke and finger her dripping pussy. Ann's fingers returned the compliment in Tanya's drenched slit and James moved himself so that his rampant tool could thrust in and out of my fabulous wife.

The scene before me was extraordinary, highlighted by the firelight, the hands were roaming everywhere and Mary started to climax as Brian and James worked on her. One of Tanya's hands snaked down to Mary's pussy and stroked her clit while James thrust his prodigious cock in and out, all the time moving Mary's prone body so that Brian's even bigger monster was going, seemingly, ever deeper into Mary's stretched mouth.

All in front of me now were deeply into this communal fucking and the moans, gasps and squealing were making me want to join in and not just watch.

The ties however were still in place and nobody showed any sign of releasing me. I had to endure this for what seemed ages as James and Brian changed places. Ann started to play with Mary's constantly spasaming sex whilst all the time squashing her tits against Tanya's huge orbs. 

Heaven! Ann and Tanya both left their positions over my lovely wife and dropped to their knees on either side of me. With one hand they started to play with my prick and with their other hand they released the ties around my arms.

At last I could use my hands and use them I did. Ann and Tanya's magnificent chests came in for a lot of attention as they continued to stroke me.

'Are you ready to come yet?' whispered Ann huskily in my ear as Tanya wrapped her lips round my dick. 'It looks like the boys are ready to fill your wife with their juices' and that made those old familiar stirrings in the balls return again.

I was helped up by the two fabulous women and led to stand over Mary as Brian and James continued to fuck her mouth and pussy. She saw me and took James's cock from her mouth. He continued to wipe it slowly up and down her face, coating it with her juices and his as she told us all 'I want you girls to make my husband come at the same time as James and Brian give me their 'presents'. Will you do that girls, please?'

Ann and Tanya replied 'Yes, we would be delighted to' and started concerted stroking of my rock hard prick.

Brian and James resumed their thrusting and as Mary's eyes positively lit up with lust and she strained against the restraints holding her to the table they came in her. They banged into her mouth and pussy as if this was to be their last fuck and Mary responded by thrusting back at Brian and taking down every drop that James gave her.

I was lost. I unlocked my tongue from the depths of Ann's mouth and with a cry that sounded more animal than anything I have ever uttered before I sprayed white cum all over my wife's delicious breasts. Ann and Tanya milked every last drop from me and as Ann suckled at me to clean me up Tanya dropped to her knees and licked my entire offering off of Mary.

I slumped back into the chair as Brian and James released Mary from the table. She sat up and looking at both of them standing in front of her she said 'Thank you so much' and then started to clean their softening cocks with her agile tongue.

When everyone had come down from his or her own sexual high, they all got comfortable on the floor and sitting on the table and we started chatting about this 'bondage' session. We all agreed it had been great fun and both Ann and Tanya stated they wanted to have their turn on the table, but that was as far as we all wanted to go.

Not strictly 'bondage' for the purist I suspect but to us all it was a different experience.

Ann and Tanya got their wish a little later on. Ann was literally hosed with cum by James and Brian as I drained myself in her throbbing slit and then James proved how good his staying powers were by making it 'three in a row', taking Tanya from behind with such force that I really thought he would do her some damage.

My fears were groundless of course as that experienced lady took all he had to give and even begged him to give her more!!

What a wonderful night we all had and as I drifted off to sleep with Mary cuddling me I wondered what tomorrow would bring.

Well...