 A basque is 'just' an item of underwear isn't it? Apparently not I am told by those in the know!

"She wants it as a surprise for James," huffed Mary, "and I promised I would go with her, but now this thing has come up at work, which I can't get out of, and I don't like to let her down."

"So you are volunteering me to go shopping with Ann instead then, doing something I don't really like for something I know nothing about!"

"You will only be there to give your opinions, it won't be that difficult!"

So that was it. Saturday rolled around and at 9.30 I picked up Ann and off we went.

I can hear your minds working. Where do you go to get a Basque? A High Street retailer like Ann Summers, posh department store, I didn't know but Ann did.

The trip to a nearby town didn't take long and soon we were parked in front of a lovely detached house in a tree lined avenue on the outskirts of town and I was being walked up the drive to the front door.

We were welcomed in by a stunning woman of indeterminate years. Brunette, slim bodied and nicely busted, she swayed before us as she took us into a large comfortable lounge, the site of her backside moving so beautifully in her very tailored slacks had a certain part of me getting a little agitated.

The ladies discussed requirements as we sat and drank tea, which had been brought in by another beautiful brunette.

Then the fun really started. Six women, all brunettes, filed into the room wearing different Basques! Different styles, different colours, different everything except the beauty of the presenters.

This was great! Ann and the hostess, Pamela, were discussing the whys and wherefores of the garments and I was being treated to a beauty parade.

However my discomfort was becoming a bit of a problem and the ever-knowing Ann whispered something to Pamela who rang a bell and the 'tea lady' returned.

"Would you mind helping out George?" she said, and with that I was lead away.

I was taken to an adjoining room where one of the walls was completely glass and looked into another room where all the girls were changing into and out of all these different items.

My guide pushed me down on the settee and immediately dropped to the floor between my legs and started to unzip me.

She drew my burgeoning prick from my underpants and started to suck at me with gusto.

No preliminaries, no name exchange, nothing but an exquisite blowjob performed by an expert. Her cheeks hollowed as she sucked me like a vacuum cleaner and all the time she was stroking my cock and tickling my balls while moaning and mewing slightly.

The inevitable was too soon. She sensed my closeness and taking me from her warm mouth and looking me straight in the eye she said "My turn to drink now."

With that I exploded. Several streams of thick cum jetted towards her waiting mouth and she collected them all. She made a fine display of rolling it all around before swallowing my discharge and then she took my slowly relaxing dick back to her mouth and gave it a thorough cleaning. 

She replaced me in my pants, took me back to the lounge and disappeared without another word. To this day I do not know her name, but I will never forget her technique!

Ann squeezed my hand, smiled and told me we were down to four she liked and I was to advise her about colour and style.

And that was it. We left with very dark red and very dark blue items ordered, to be delivered to Ann within the week.

"Did you enjoy that?" Ann asked me as we started for home. 

"What part," I asked, "the choosing or the 'extra services'?"

"All of it you silly," she replied as her hand crept up my thigh.

" It was all delightful, being with you always is," I gallantly told her as I tried desperately hard to concentrate on driving with her running her artful fingers over my crutch.

"Get me home George, as quick as you can," she whispered, "all those beautiful women, what the 'tea lady' did to you has all made me very horny and I want you right away."

I tried not to break speed limits but it was a close run thing and as I pulled onto the drive Ann was opening the door and trying to get out before I stopped. She threw the front door open and I slammed it shut behind me as she pulled me up to the bedroom.

Her clothes came off in an instant and so did mine as she practically ripped them off me, and sat me down on the edge of the bed.

"I think I can taste her on you," she moaned as she engulfed my hardness. "Am I as good as her?"

"Don't talk, just do," I begged as I let myself respond to this amazing female. 

Sucking me wasn't enough though for Ann and after a few minutes she lay on the bed and invited me to 'fill me with your beautiful prick'

She was so wet. I pushed in with ease and was soon thrusting in and out with considerable force. I knew another climax would take a while after my blowjob of earlier, and I knew Ann liked it 'harder' some times so this suited both of us.

It obviously suited James as well because all of a sudden his rampant cock came into view, heading in the direction of Ann's mouth. 

"You two look a little excited," he said as Ann took him in, "do you mind if I join in?"

"Certainly not, old friend," I replied as Ann groaned her agreement and James and I set to satisfying this incredible woman.

Ann climaxed quickly and told us, "I want to taste you both." 

So when we knew the time was right we both withdrew and, settling ourselves either side of her head, we pointed our bulging pricks at her wide open mouth and stroked ourselves to release.

James's discharge was as prodigious as usual with mine being somewhat insignificant in proportion but Ann lapped it all up, even wiping those drops that had missed her mouth and landed on her chin or cheeks and popping them in her full mouth before swallowing the lot with a wicked grin and a huge sigh of contentment.

"You boys sure know how to look after a girl," she giggled as we all relaxed and then she told James all about what had happened when we were out. She managed not to let him know what we were buying and although his curiosity was piqued he let it go.

I left them after a while, cuddled up on the bed, chatting and laughing, and made my way home.

Mary was very understanding when I told her of today's events and let me recover a whole three hours before insisting I let her try her 'oral' skills on me, just so she wasn't left out!!

The following weekend we all met for dinner at Ann and James's and after a terrific meal the girls went off as James and talked about current events and when they returned they were both dressed alike.

Ann was in the red Basque and Mary in the blue, Ann had taken Mary's measurements with her to Pamela and a total of four items had been made!

They both looked stunning, a beautiful complement to each other. Mary slightly shorter than Ann but both with superb figures for their age and both looking incredible in their basques.

Their breasts were curving splendidly from the top of the costume, as the girls had had them made a touch small, but not cut too high on the thigh, which made their legs look incredible.

"We know you have had a busy day in the garden today George," said Mary as I sat with my mouth agape at the lovely sight before me, "so you are going to watch for a little, while Ann and I play."

She was right of course; cutting the grass at the end of the season can be a real chore so just to watch was a good idea.

The girls settled down on the rug in front of the fire and kissed. Not a brief peck or a butterfly kiss but a full on kiss, which, within a very short time, developed into a tongue and teeth scenario and the concerted movement of hands.

James and I were mesmerised as their hands roamed freely over the new garments and over the fabulous bodies that they encased.

Ann's hands were the first to move lower and begin to search languidly between Mary's thighs. Mary of course made no objection to Ann's caresses, spreading her legs slightly to allow Ann better access first as one finger slid under the crutch of the basque and then a little further still as another snaked it's way in as well.

As Ann played with Mary's pussy lips a small groan escaped my wife's mouth and her eyes met with mine telling me in no uncertain terms how much she enjoyed the pleasure this majestic woman gave her.

James by now was eager, as always, to get involved and was slowly removing his clothes. Throwing his shirt aside he stood and slowly removed his trousers to reveal a very small thong struggling manfully to contain the growing erection inside it.

He went and stood behind Ann and, kneeling down, commenced running his hands over the breasts flowing ever so gently out of the top of her basque.

The sight was incredible; Mary's look of bliss as Ann fingered her soaking pussy and Ann's gathering glow as James played with her. His erection threatened to destroy his thong so Mary, ever the practical one, moved around so she could release him and very slowly started licking the tip of his cock. James sprang to full attention and rose to stand there with his hands on his hips as Mary ran her tongue up and down the underside of his magnificent prick, his eyes never leaving the two beautiful women below him.

Ann moved. I didn't think she would be able to contain herself for long. She moved next to Mary and knelt up as well so they could both play with James's manhood. I heard the snap of the crutch poppers of both basques as the girls released themselves fully and each started to play with themselves as they paid full homage to James with their tongues and fingers.

His hand slowly and languorously started to move up and down his shaft, not enough to cause him to cum but enough to keep him 'hovering' on the brink and all the time the girls drooled over his prodigious tool, covering it with saliva and kissing each other as they kissed him.

James however wanted more and he lay down and moving Ann so that she was astride his thighs whispered to Mary, "Sit on my face." Mary complied with alacrity as Ann grasped James's meat and slowly descended on him with a look of utter rapture on her face.

The trio moved into a rhythm very swiftly, each one knowing what the other wanted. James's tongue darted between Mary's pussy and 'secret place' making occasional forays to her clit, while Ann pushed her pubic bone forward to get maximum penetration for her and increased sensation for James.

Erotic, yes it was, but the word really doesn't do the sight justice as they slowly but surely brought themselves to their climaxes.

Mary was first, literally soaking James's face with her juices and he followed quickly, spurred on, no doubt, by the way Mary was grinding her sopping wet crutch onto his tongue. Ann's back arched as James pumped his cum into her and the fingers she had been using on her pulsing clit brought forward the desired result, a crashing orgasm that left her, like the other two, glowing slightly with sweat and utterly drained.

Me, I was breathless! I am sure my mouth was hanging open with the sheer splendour of their coupling and yes, I was hard and yes, I was stroking myself and yes, I did cum; spurting a copious amount onto my stomach and then a flow which covered my hand and balls.

Can it get any better than this?

Well...