 Brent knocked lightly on the white door. Brooke and Ryla said they would be home, so how come no one was answering? He knocked a bit harder and sighed in exasperation. “Damn those two bitches…maybe they’re in the back.” He listened for a moment, and heard laughing from the backyard. “Yup! Well then…I’ll just let myself in! When nature calls, who am I to keep her waiting?” He tried the doorknob and the door opened. He couldn’t say she was surprised as they often left their door unlocked, but usually only close friends knew about that.

He entered the house and closed the door behind him, kicking his shoes off. He lightly ran up the stairs and into the bathroom, desperate to get to the toilet. He sighed loudly as his bladder began to empty. A few minutes later he came out of the bathroom and descended the stairs. He didn’t have his trunks with him but he could easily swim in his boxers, or he could swim in the buff, he was sure the girls wouldn’t mind. It was a hot day after all.

As he neared the ground floor he heard noises from the direction of the kitchen. Then he heard grunting. Curious, he quietly walked to the kitchen doorway, and peered in. Nothing could have shocked him more than seeing what was on the kitchen floor. Both Brooke and Ryla were naked and fucking! Brent gasped as he watched his friends rut on the kitchen tiles. 

As he watched he could feel his body responding to this erotic display. It was like watching a live porno. Brent could hear Ryla groan as Brooke forced a strap on dildo into her cunt. He could hear Ryla panting and see her chest heaving up and down. Brent watched, transfixed as Brooke mashed her heaving tits against Ryla’s, their nipples and flesh sliding against each other. Their slick bodies rubbed against each other and their groins ground against one another. 

Brent steadily grew harder and harder. He leaned against the doorway and quietly unzipped his pants, shoving his hands inside his boxers and rubbing the hardening prick, without taking his eyes off the scene before him. He could feel her tank top tighten as her breasts swelled and her nipples became erect. He fondled his balls as he watched Brooke bring Ryla to a climax.

Brent’s cock hardened like a brick as he heard her wail and saw her body spasm as she orgasmed. Brooke moaned and collapsed on top of her. Brent gasped and moaned softly to himself. He was so turned on. His eyes widened in shock as Brooke pulled out of Ryla and he saw the size of the massive dildo that she had impaled Ryla with – it was monstrous. He groaned and wished he could have stuffed Ryla with the real thing instead.

He continued to rub his cock and watched as Brooke dragged herself between Ryla’s legs and began to lick at her sopping cunt. Ryla flinched as Brooke’s rough tongue touched her sore aching cunt. Brent couldn’t handle it any longer, he had to be pleasured; he wanted some cunt. He was too turned on to care that they were his friends, they were so damn sexy lying there, with their hot bodies covered in sweat and water. The scent of pussy in the air was making him hornier. He pulled his hand from his pants and fastened them, trying to make it seem like he hadn’t been watching them, and had just walked in.

“Does that taste good Brooke?” 

Brooke’s head snapped up, and her eyes widened in shock as she lay between Ryla’s legs, her face inches from her sopping pussy. She stared at Brent. “How’d you get in?” was all she could ask. 

“Door was unlocked. Thought I’d let myself in and use your pool. Seems that I walked in on something much more interesting though, don’t you?” He folded his arms across his well-muscled chest and stepped into the kitchen. 

Ryla’s eyes had snapped open and she stared upside down at Brent. Instead of denying anything or trying to come up with a lame excuse, she startled him by asking, “Why don’t you come and join us? There’s more than enough room. It seems like you could use some help with that.” She eyed his obvious hard on. 

Brent grinned. “I’ve always wanted to see two chicks in action.” He pulled off his shirt and undid his pants, letting both his pants and boxers fall to the ground along with his shirt. He stood there naked and watched as Brooke whistled then went back to eating out Ryla’s juicy cunt. He could hear the squelchy went sounds as her tongue lapped up the fluids. 

Ryla’s eyes were staring at his cock and her breathing was ragged. He walked around them, kneeled behind Brooke and unfastened the large strap on. She groaned as the rest of the dildo slid out of her hot cunt. Juices gushed out and splattered onto the tile between her legs as Brent pulled the strap on out of the way and tossed it to the side. He fingered her stretched and aching cunt, feeling the wetness and the warmth of her juices coat his fingers. A muffled moan from Ryla’s cunt could scarcely be heard. 

Brent admired Brooke’s tight ass and rubbed it, his finger sliding down her crack and rubbing lighting against the puckered anus. She sighed and continued to lap at Ryla’s pussy. Brent’s swollen dick was pulsing and it ached to be shoved into a warm, wet hole. Brooke looked so damn hot and he needed to fuck something. Her cunt was dripping juices onto the floor as he played with it. 

“I need to fuck something Brooke, and your ass is the nicest thing I’ve seen all day. Besides, you’re fucking hot and your cunt smells so good.” Before she could utter a word or lap at Ryla’s pussy one more time, Brent had lifted her up and bent her over the stool by the counter. Her ass jutted up enticingly. He kicked her legs so that they opened further and her steaming pussy opened up to him as well. Juices slid down her taut thighs. Her breasts hung down in front of the stool, the nipples swollen and erect. 

Brent placed his palm against her open snatch and rubbed it, using his fingers to stroke her clit. It wasn’t long before juices soaked his hand and dripped to the floor. “Oh Brooke, your cunt is so hot, it’s got me so hard.” The only reply he got was a loud moan. He grinned and mashed his palm into her cunt harder.

He chanced a glance at Ryla on the floor. She had positioned herself so that she could watch him play with Brooke, while still lying on the floor. Panting and moaning mixed with wet squelches as she stuffed four fingers into her hot wet pussy. Her moans were loud and her breathing was ragged. 

Brent was turned on even more at the sight of petite Ryla ramming herself with her fingers. He turned back to Brooke’s ass and withdrew his hand, he lined up his cock and shoved it into her pussy. He watched as his large cock (not as big as the strap on but still an admirable 9 inches long and 2 inches wide) stretched open her pussy and pushed into her molten depths. 

Brooke’s juices spilled out as she was filled up. Her hot juices slid down her trembling sweaty thighs, as her body was jolted with each thrust Brent made. “Unnh Brooke, your cunt is so wet. Unnnh…yess….” Brent groaned as Brooke’s pussy clenched around his rigid cock. 

Ryla’s hand was a blur between her legs as she struggled towards a climax. She wanted to come so badly but her hand wasn’t enough. Crying out in frustration, Ryla caught sight of the monstrous strap on lying on the kitchen floor. She scrambled over to it and snatched up the slippery object. She leaned back on an elbow and splayed her legs open, positioning the hard device at her hungry, juicy pussy. 

Ryla looked up and watched Brent fuck Brooke. They both had their heads turned towards her, watching her. Brooke looked painfully sexy with her hair mussed and hanging down, framing her beautiful, radiant face on one side. Brent’s muscles bulged as he drove deeper into Brooke, eliciting a mew from her. One hand was on her hip and the other one had wound its way underneath her body to her clit. 

Ryla had never been so horny before in her life. She shoved the dildo deep into her open pussy. It slid in easily, filling her up. She fucked herself with wild abandon, her body shaking. Her cunt ached but she couldn’t stop herself – the need was so great. She rammed her tight pussy with it over and over. Steaming juices spilled out onto the tile floor. 

She scooted backwards and propped herself up against the cupboard behind her and used both hands to drive the massive phallus into herself. One hand snaked over to her clit and began rubbing it. She couldn’t contain herself anymore, she slammed the huge dildo into her little hot snatch while she mauled her clit. Her body began to twitch as her orgasm exploded inside her. 

“ANNNNNNHHHH!!!!! OH GOD YESS!!! UNNNHHH!!!” Ryla’s head tossed from side to side as her body convulsed, her pussy clenching around the dildo that was buried deep inside her. She orgasmed again and again, until finally they subsided, leaving a heaving, sweaty wreck on the floor. The dildo was still lodged deep inside her aching cunt but Ryla was too exhausted to care. Her juices puddled onto the floor. 

“You like that don’t you Ryla? Feels good doesn’t it? That’s right baby, fuck yourself harder.” Brent and Brooke both watched Ryla as she impaled herself with the dildo. Brent was so excited by her, he rhythmically pumped into Brooke faster and harder. They both watched as Ryla’s orgasm slammed into her trembling body. They were both incredibly aroused by it. 

Brent could feel his balls tighten as his orgasm built. “Fuck Brooke, you’re so tight. You’re a slutty whore aren’t you? You like being fucked like this don’t you?” He thrust harder into Brooke’s wet fiery hot pussy and mashed her clit with the palm of his hand.

Brooke howled and slammed her body back onto his cock. Brent drove deep into her as she shouted for him to fuck her. “FUCK ME BRENT!!! FUCK MY DIRTY SLUT CUNT!!! GOD YES!!! FUCK ME FUCK ME HARDER!!! UnhhHH!!! Annhhh yess….oh yess…annnhh…unh…unh…unhh….FUCK YEEEEESSSSSSSSS!!!!” Brooke screamed and came, squeezing Brent’s cock and milking it with her sweet wet pussy. Her body shook as he continued to slam into her. Her pussy convulsed around his cock, tightening around it as she came. Wave after fiery wave crashed through her body. 

Brent moaned and gasped as he shoved his cock deep into her tight moist depths, then came. He spurted a hot creamy load deep into her pussy. “AH so good!!! Fuck you’re a slut Brooke but you’re a fucking hot slut with a tight cunt!” Brooke was still shaking as the last of her orgasms died away, leaving her feeling drained. 

Both their bodies were soaked with sweat and a viscous milky fluid oozed from Brooke’s pussy. Brent pulled his softening cock out of her hole and groaned, sliding to the floor. Brooke tried to straighten up and collapsed to the floor, her legs spread and her pussy still oozing hot fluid. 

All three of them gasped the hot steamy sex-redolent air. The room stank of pussy and sex. Brent couldn’t believe his luck. He glanced at Brooke who was leaning against the counter with her eyes closed, her ample chest heaving. He turned and looked at Ryla who was leaning against the cupboard. She had her eyes closed as well. His mind was muzzy from the sex but he suddenly had an idea…