 This story is the first in a series, "West of Boston."

Wayne woke up dreaming of sex again. But when it registered that his cock really was being sucked, he tried to sit up. Between his knees, Jessie was busily working him with her mouth.

She smiled up at him and said: "Happy Birthday, honey."

Keeping her eyes on his, she returned to his cock. Wayne sighed and smiled sleepily as he lowered his head back to the pillow. Jessie did this for him each birthday morning, and she improved on it almost every year. 

Most years she added something new. So he paid attention to each sensation, eager to see what Jessie planned this time. She licked and swirled her tongue around him, and she sucked and moved her mouth up and down his cock, and she jacked him slowly with her hand. As his orgasm started to gather, she used the trick introduced two years ago, fondling his balls with the backs of her fingers. He forgot about everything but the feelings she was offering him.

Her hands left his balls and his cock. She kept her mouth working him, knowing he was near coming. But something scraped against his legs and they spasmed. He understood that it was her fingernails, and that she was scratching them slowly up from his knees to the top of his thighs. Then she did it again. This was the new thing. 

The timing and surprise of it rocketed him into orgasm. He came hard into Jessie's mouth. When the intensity receded, she slid up his body and looked into his eyes. In her look he saw tenderness and lust. There was a little of his come at one side of her mouth and he knew there was a little more inside. Several years back she mastered the trick of sharing the taste with him in a passionate kiss.

When she drew back from the kiss, again she said "Happy Birthday."

"Thank you. That was great this year."

A few minutes later he said: "On your back, I'll return the favor."

"Nope," she said. "Maybe tonight. But if you're getting energy back, it's time to get ready to head into Boston."

"Ohhhh..." he groaned. They were going to spend the Saturday in Boston and then pick up Jessie's sister at the airport in the evening. The heavy traffic in Boston was always a hassle.

She hurried him through a shower and breakfast and into the car. Her sister ran a university exchange program in Rome for US students. Jessie hadn't seen her little sister since before they married, five years earlier, although she emailed and spoke often by phone.

"What are we hurrying for? It's only a half hour," he asked. "Doesn't her plane get in late afternoon?"

She said: "I'm sorry. I know hanging out and waiting isn't much fun on your birthday, and I know Kerry will be with us for a week.

"You haven't met her, but I'm anxious to see her. I think you'll really like her."

"What's she like?" Wayne didn't remember Kerry from the family photos.

"Oh, she's funny, and pretty, but she looks a lot different from me. She's shorter, and has ash blond hair, and she claims she's gained weight."

"It'll be good to meet her," Wayne said. He didn't know that anyone in Jessie's family wasn't brunette.

Jessie continued: "And by getting there extra early on your birthday I can make it up to you." 

"What do you mean?" he asked.

"Well, we're checking into the new hotel at Copley Place and we can have a nice dinner with Kerry in town tonight. My treat. I packed an overnight bag, and ..." she paused suggestively.

"That sounds great," he said. "Did you get a room for Kerry, too?"

"No, there's plenty of room in the suite for three of us," she said, "...but you didn't hear the rest of my idea. 

"I want you to take me shopping."

"Shopping?" he asked. He tried to hide his moan.

"I think you're going to like it," she was laughing.

"Couldn't I just go to the dentist?" he asked.

"Oh, I don't think you'll want to. I heard there's a new store in town, and they have private rooms ..."

"Oh?" he said, curious.

"...where I can try on lingerie for you." A big grin spread across her face.

"Oh yeah," he said. His day had gone from blah to Yeah in a minute.

After they parked in the hotel lot, they checked in and arranged for a cab to the shop she had heard about. The suite had a view of the skyline and the Charles River and the traffic on the Mass Pike. In the bedroom there was a king size bed. But there was only one bed in the suite.

"Oh, I wanted two bedrooms," Jessie said. "Kerry will have jet lag. She'll need sleep." 

"That's okay," Wayne told her. "If you want, ask them to change the room, or I'll take the sofa. You'll be up most of the night talking anyway." 

"Are you sure you don't mind?" she asked. "If the sofa is really okay, I like this room."

A cab took them to a little shop on the first floor of an old house on one of the back streets off of Newbury Street, the posh shopping district. The shop itself was toney, not just the awning and wrought iron outside but the oriental furniture and carpets inside.

A sales woman told Jessie to pick out what she wanted, then list it with the clerk. Jessie could have one of the fitting rooms for an hour. If she wanted Wayne's opinions, he could go with her. She showed them the closest room. It looked like a room of the original house had been split into two sections, one area for changing and the other for a seating area. The seating area had a small round table with two chairs, a sofa, and a stuffed chair with more oriental rugs and velvet wallpaper and drapes.

The deal was that whatever you took in to try, you owned, unless you returned it within five minutes because of sizing or other problems. Otherwise you were left alone. The clerk said she'd let them know when the hour was up. When they began to browse the racks and shelves, they saw that the lingerie was beautiful and, of course, high-priced. 

"Do you mind, hon?" Jessie asked Wayne.

"Hell, it's my birthday present," he said.

There were baby doll sets Wayne found intriguing. He could imagine Jessie's body in any of them. Jessie was looking at bra and panty sets. Another woman came into the room and began to look through the same rack as Jessie.

Wayne looked twice, not just because she was beautiful, but because Jessie looked so much like her, though they were very different in style. They both had shiny, raven black hair, but Jessie's was long and the other customer's was cut short like a man's, with the back of her neck shaved, and longer hair on top. 

But they were the same coloring and height; both had full lips and lipstick; they carried themselves the same; most of all, they both had intense blue eyes. They should have been related. They were chatting as they looked at items in the same section of the rack so they must have been nearly the same size, too. The woman wore a long leather coat with a gray wool skirt and a turtleneck sweater with a big collar. She looked perhaps ten years younger than Jessie.

Jessie looked up and asked Wayne what he liked. He showed her a sheer pink baby doll. It had lace trim on the bra cups and around the bottom. There was a matching g-string on the hanger with it. "That really is nice," she said, but took a different size.  

"Would you like me to try it on?" she smiled.

"That's what I'm here for," he said.

On the way to their dressing room she showed it to the other customer who nodded approvingly, then looked at Wayne and winked.

Wayne felt himself blushing.

He waited in one of the changing room chairs. While he had been looking over the baby dolls and handling the smooth, light fabrics, imagining what Jessie would look like in them, he had been on the verge of arousal. When he recalled she had not wanted to come this morning, he guessed she was saving it for now. When she came out of the changing room, he was already hard.

"You like?" she asked and twirled around.

He gaped. Her nipples were barely beneath the fabric, and the part that was covered was still mostly visible through the sheer pink lace. The g-string did more to show her mound and the neat trim beneath it than it did to hide her. It was a frame for her sex.

The outfit made her look even more curvy, her Italian skin and black hair and dark eyes more alive. Through the pink sheer mesh, her nipples were hard. She liked it too.

"I'm not sure," he said, "you'd better come closer." He feigned concern.

He slid his hands over her skin, up over her abdomen, and carefully slid his hands beneath the elastic that ran beneath her breasts. He fondled her nipples.

"You'd better not keep doing that unless you want to keep this lingerie," she said in a low, quiet voice.

"I still want to help you come this morning," he said.

He moved his hands over the g-string and slid them down the front of her legs, then up the inside and around her thighs to her ass cheeks where he cupped her and pulled her closer. 

Her eyes were closed when he slid a finger beneath the g-string and softly parted her lips. He slicked the moisture that was gathering there up to her clitoris, then took the little hard spot between his thumb and his forefinger and rotated his fingers around it.

"I can't take this, Wayne," she breathed. "Don't make me come now. Please."

He didn't stop touching her but lowered his hand and easily pushed two fingers inside of her. She moaned. He thrust them in and out twice, then stopped. 

"Yeah," he said, "I like it.

"Would you like something else?" 

She looked at him. "You know what I want now. Wait till I get myself together here."

She came out of the changing room with only her denims and her blouse on. "I'd like to try on one of those bra and panty sets I was looking at. Is that alright?"

"Great," he said. 

She went to the rack where she had begun. The other woman was still there. She had a hanger in her hand. It was the same baby doll that Jessie tried on.

Jessie picked up a pale green bra and panty set. 

"I guess we have the same taste," the other woman said. "I liked the baby doll your husband picked out so much I'm going to get one, too. And I think I like the same bra and panties, too. 

"I'm just not sure my boyfriend will like them, so I guess I should try them on."

"Do you have a changing room?" Jessie asked.

"No, they're all busy," she said. "One will open up soon, I'm sure." Her voice had a slight European lilt to it.

Then Jessie surprised Wayne again. "Would you like to share ours with me? I don't mind, do you Wayne?" 

He was disappointed. He liked the chance to see Jessie's body in a semi-public store. But he said, "No, that's fine, I can wait out here." He was hoping the woman would understand his desire and decide to wait for the next opening.

"Oh no," the woman said, "I won't have that." But she was walking toward the changing room. She looked back over her shoulder. "Wayne, you come with us." Her eyes made her smile sultry. 

He heard Jessie call back. "How is she going to know what her boyfriend will think, if you don't give an opinion?"

Wayne remembered to close his mouth. Jessie was already around the corner and Wayne followed behind the customer. He was so surprised that he didn't think of what might lie ahead. He sat in the chair and waited while the two women whispered and, once, laughed in the changing room. He could feel sweat on his palms. When the door opened, they came out together. 

They could have been twins except for the age difference. Their eyes, their posture, and their figures were distinguished only by their haircuts. The lingerie was identical and amazingly seductive. It was very feminine and nearly plain, but the cut showed off all their curves and amazing amounts of skin. The bra uncovered cleavage that revealed nearly half of each breast. The cup was lacy and he could see the little closure between Jessie's breasts. During one memorable night she had made him try to remove such a bra from her with his teeth. 

She said: "The lace isn't lined either," and leaned forward for him to notice the dark shadow of her nipples beneath the cups. He felt himself straining, very erect and hard.

The other woman pirouetted in front of him. "Do you think he'll like these panties?" she asked.

"Only if he's alive," Wayne said. The panty was a pale green to match the color of the bra with lace around the edges and a ruffled little skirt which cut high up on her ass cheeks. Jessie told him they were called ruffled tap panties. 

As she moved, the panty skirt fluttered. The woman came closer and bent over so he could see the fabric running between her legs. Then she turned and bent toward him so her breasts were within inches of his eyes. "Do you think this is my size, or should I be looking at something different, Wayne?" She licked her lips.

Wayne looked to the side for Jessie. "What do you think, hon?" he asked. He was in way over his head here. One wrong word or move and at least the next month was ruined. But Jessie had one hand inside of her bra cup and the other under her own panties. Her eyes were half-closed and watching him. 

"She wants your opinion. You'd better help her out. She's waiting."

"I don't know." He looked back into eyes nearly as beautiful as Jessie's. She looked disappointed. He could feel himself sweating beneath his shirt.

Jessie said, "Why don't I help you, dear?" She came behind his chair. "Just do what I tell you, alright?"

"To be comfortable a bra has to provide support." The woman moved closer to him again. "Lift her breasts and move them around to see if the bra seems loose." He could feel her soft breasts give to his touch and the hard nipples pressed against his palms through the lace cups.

"That looks good," she said. Now the sweat was a faint sheen on his forehead. "Now put your hand into a cup. Make sure that there is enough room for her breast and that it won't feel tight." Wayne followed her instructions and began to enjoy himself. 

He was trying to maintain something like a professional bra-fitter's look on his face but knew that Jessie had somehow cooked this routine up and involved this woman, and he intended to enjoy it as much as possible without getting arrested.

"Be sure to check around the nipples on both sides very carefully." The woman's eyes were now closed and her breathing had quickened. There was not a lot of freedom for his fingers, but since she was bending over and he was sitting, he was able to move the backs of his fingers across her hard nipples and feel the pucker of her arousal. He "checked" each by spreading his fingers so the nipple was between them and then he closed his fingers tightly and heard her moan softly.

"Yep, sounds good," he said. Jessie laughed.

She said: "Now the panties." The woman turned around and presented her lovely ass cheeks to him. 

"You know how to check panties, Wayne. You don't want them binding, but in pretty things like this you want them tight enough to climb up in her crack and feel sexy to her."

He put his hands on the backs of her legs and caressed the bottom of her ass cheeks.

"The panties, Wayne. The panties," Jessie said, laughing.

He slid his hands up beneath the fabric and caressed her cheeks. He slid a finger of each hand into her crack and gently ran it up and down. The woman bent over a little more to make herself more available to him. The panties became tighter.

"I think they're okay," he said. The woman turned around. She stepped toward him even closer.

This time Jessie didn't have to say anything. He slid his hands beneath the little skirt and under the elastic of the legs. He slid his fingers out of the top of the fabric, and then he moved them down over her mound. She was entirely smooth and he felt his cock jerk with appreciation. 

He turned one hand so he could go between her legs. She spread her legs and put her hand on his shoulder for balance. He looked up. Her eyes were closed, her lips slightly parted. He slid a finger along her cleft and was able to easily slide his finger into her slit. Her moisture had prepared her for more than he could do sitting in a store, but he slid a finger to her clit. When he touched her she was firm, and he heard a sharp inhalation of breath.

Jessie said, "They look really good to me."

"Oh well," he thought, "that's the end of that."

"But it looks like you have a problem, Wayne," she said, looking at his pants bulging.

The woman went to her knees and placed her hands on his thighs.

Jessie asked: "Would you like to help him ... what is your name anyway?"

"Who would you like me to be?" the woman purred, looking up into Wayne's eyes.

"All I know is you're unbelievably hot," said Wayne feeling his erection intensely now.

Jessie said: "Alright, we'll call you 'Hottie.' Would you like to help Wayne, Hottie?"

"Yes, to thank him for helping me pick out my panties and bra," she said, looking at his erection, "I mean, if it's okay."

Hottie unbuckled, unbuttoned, unzipped and pulled his pants beneath his hips as she moved him forward on the chair. She brought his pants and shorts down to his ankles. She leaned forward and grasped his cock in her hand, sliding her other hand on the soft skin inside of his thighs. She leaned forward and took him in her mouth. 

He was almost immediately ready to come and he started to warn her, but Jessie said, "He's going to come, Hottie. Get ready."

Jessie had moved behind Hottie and was lifting her breasts for him. "How do my new things fit, Wayne? Do you like them, too?"

Hottie's lips were over the crown of his penis. She was swirling her tongue around the top and pistoning her hand up and down the shaft quickly with a firm grip. 

"I don't know. I'm ... unnhh ... busy right .... now." Wayne exploded. She held him in her mouth until she had squeezed the last of his come from him. 

"Thank you," Wayne said.

"You're welcome," Hottie said, "but you have made your wife very horny and I'm just as bad off." 

"I wish we could do something about that right here," said Wayne. 

"Our hour with the room is just about up," Jessie said, "but we have quite a bit of time before the plane comes in. I wonder if Hottie would like to go back to the hotel with us until we have to go to the airport."

"Yeah, can you!?" Wayne jumped at the chance.

Hottie nodded. "I just need to dress and pay for my stuff," she said. "Thanks for helping me, Wayne." 

"Oh, my pleasure," he said, "and I'll take care of your bill for you."

When Hottie was in the changing room, Jessie bent over the back of Wayne's chair. 

"Don't forget," she said in a low voice, "I'm the one you fuck."

By the time Wayne paid for the matching baby dolls, bras, and panties, the women were ready and a cab was waiting. Jessie had him sit in the middle. He didn't have room to move. The women began to run their hands up and down his thighs and over his chest. 

The customer turned his chin and held his gaze for a long, sultry second, then kissed Wayne and held him with her lips and tongue while Jessie lightly stroked his cock through his clothing. 

When Hottie freed him from the kiss, Jessie said, "My turn." She put her cool hand on his cheek and held his eyes with her lust for another long second before kissing him. She used her tongue to tease at his lips.

Wayne said, "You two are so hot. You look so much alike, you should be related." 

The two women looked at one another. "We do, don't we," said Hottie. 

Wayne said, "I really look forward to helping you two beautiful women."

"Maybe we can all help," Hottie said, and licked at his lips.

The cab driver was listening with great interest. "Sure, we can do that," Jessie said.

At the hotel, they took the elevator to their room. Inside, the women excused themselves to the bathroom. Hottie and Jessie had left on the pale green bra and panties from the lingerie shop. When they came out, they sat on opposite sides of the king-sized bed, looking intensely at one another.
