 We are in a dungeon. It is literally a dungeon; it is the basement of Carl's friend's house, Paul, who is another Dom. They are both tall, muscular men. Although Carl is my master, he is not really into anything too heavy; but Paul is a little darker than my master, and his dungeon is much more fully equipped.

I am dressed in something really feminine, a thin lacy white dress with nothing underneath. Paul has invited eight other guys over. None of them are into S/M or bondage, but Paul told them they could all get laid if they came to his party. The guys are all sitting around upstairs drinking Jack and Coke, and I am nervously sitting on a hard wood chair in the middle of the room.

Paul eventually leads his friends downstairs into the dungeon. They look around at all the strange equipment; shackles, paddles, leather outfits, whips, ropes, chains. There is a table in the middle of the room with all sorts of elaborate restraints. My master Carl has already told me the scenario; I will be restrained on the table, naked, and everyone will be able to have their way with me. Any way they want to take me.

The guys end up staring at me as soon as their initial shock at being in a dungeon wears off. I blush as they look at my figure from head to toe. I begin to sweat a little.

Carl takes my hand. "Guys, this is my slave, Miranda. She has confided to me that she wants to be in a gang-bang. When I pressed her for details, she said she wanted to be fucked by three or four guys. Well, there's eight of you, plus my friend Paul and myself, so I guess she will be more than fulfilled tonight."

I wonder if my body will be able to handle that much sex.

"Paul has graciously allowed me the use of his dungeon. As you can see, there is a big table in the middle of the room. This is were slave Miranda will be restrained."

With no warning, Carl stands behind me and rips off my dress. I don't mean he takes it off fast; I mean he just tears it apart. I am horrified to be stripped naked so suddenly in front of everyone; I guess I imagined disrobing at my own pace. The dress falls to the floor in tatters. The guys look at me, full frontal nudity and all. They look right at my neatly trimmed red bush, and at my large bare tits.

Paul leads me to his custom built table. He and Carl lift me off of my feet and position my torso on the table. I am on my stomach, but my feet are on the ground. There are holes in the table for my breasts, which I have to squeeze them through. It feels strange to have my breasts dangling under the table. My legs are spread wide apart, and my ankles are restrained to the floor. Ropes are tied around my legs to the legs of the table. I am basically being exposed for doggy style sex, but standing up, with my ass sticking out. The table is at a slight angle, so my ass is higher than the level of my head. I realize that this positions my ass so the guys can access both my pussy and asshole as they stand behind me.

Then the two masters take my arms and lock my wrists into metal cuffs on the side of the front legs of the table. Ropes are tied around my arms to the front legs of the table, further restraining me. Even more ropes go around my back and under the table.

To add to the excitement, Carl tells me they have set up video cameras from both behind and on the side. He tells me he's going to make me watch the whole thing later.

It all starts right away; there is no foreplay in this. They do have the courtesy to lube up my holes from behind; I feel some cold gel being squirt all over my asshole and pussy. The gel drips down my thighs. Quickly, I feel the first dick of the night penetrating me. It slips right in, and I'm instantly being pounded hard.

My eyes closed, I don't notice another dick being shoved in my face. I open my eyes and realize I'm supposed to give this guy a blowjob. I eagerly swallow his cock; he moans as I suck him off. The guy behind me is pounding hard into my cunt; he comes a minute or too later. I feel the first load of cum inside me. He slips out of me, satisfied. I continue to blow the other guy.

Another cock is inside my pussy immediately; I suck the guy in front of me faster. Saliva drips down my chin. "Yeah. Suck it, babe!" he yells. I can tell he's about to come; he grabs my head and face fucks me. The tip of his dick rams the back of my throat; I can barely take it all! Then he shoots a load into my mouth. I was ready, I slurp it all down as fast as I can. I taste the salty cum, and feel it slide down my throat.

The guy behind me grabs my butt as he fucks me like an animal. "You can spank her; you know!" Carl tells the guy. Oh, fuck, I forgot that I was in a dungeon with two masters.

The guy thinks this is a great idea, so he gives my ass some playful little spanks. "Hey, you can spank Miranda WAY harder than that if you want! Remember, she's a slave, she can take it, this isn't some foreplay with your girlfriend!" The guys all laugh, and the guy fucking me from behind smacks my ass really fucking sharply. The sudden blow startles me, and I yelp. He gives me a few more, but then gets bored; he is more interested in fucking me.

Another guy has stepped up to my mouth for some sucking. He sticks his cock into my mouth, and he is more gentle than the first guy. He just wants to be pleased by my oral skills; I bob my head up and down and pleasure him. Another guy thinks I deserve rougher treatment, though, and he pulls me by the hair to force my head up and down faster on his friend.

I had no way of knowing what was going on outside of my field of vision, and was surprised to suddenly feel a load of hot cum land on my back. One of the guys must have jacked off while standing beside me; it wasn't the guy behind me, because he was still fucking my pussy from behind.

The guy I was sucking off pulls out of me a minute later and starts to rapidly stroke his cock. I knew what was coming, and was not surprised to get my first facial of the night. Cum shoots all over my face; he was only a few inches away, so I feel the force right up close. It gets all over my forehead, my nose and cheeks, and my lips and chin. It would have gotten into my eyes if I hadn't closed them quickly.

The guy behind me decides to follow suit, and when I feel him pull his dick out of me before he shoots a load inside, I know what he wants to do; he wants to shoot the cum on my body. Of course he does, and I feel more hot cum all over my ass and the back of my legs. I know I'm getting really messy.

The next guy behind me decides to break in my ass for the first time that night. I hadn't been fucked up the ass for a few weeks, so I was tight. It hurts a bit as he shoves his cock deep inside, but the lube helped, and eventually my asshole stretches out wide for him. He spanks my ass as well; this is a new dimension, being filled up inside my ass and spanked on the outside at the same time.

I close my eyes and feel the sensation of being spanked hard while fucked up the ass hard. It is quite overwhelming. I can feel my body dripping with sweat; my stomach slides around the table a bit. I am startled with pain when I feel nipple clamps clipped to my nipples! Forgetting that my breasts were dangling under the table through the two holes, I feel the sharp sting of tight metal clamps applied to my nipples. I can't see who does this, but I assume it is Paul or Carl. They torment me, tugging the clamps. They encourage the other guys to play with my tits, and some of them experiment with the nipple clamps while some just squeeze my tits or kiss them. A few guys get under me because they want to suck my tits; they remove the clamps, which causes even more pain than having them applied!

It soon becomes a blur; I give blowjob after blowjob. Some guys shoot cum all over my face; a lot gets in my hair. They rub it in my long red hair too. My face is a total mess, I can hardly even see with all the cum dripping down my face. I actually begin to prefer the facials, though...I can barely keep up with all the cum swallowing! I gulp down load after load of hot cum; it is hard to keep up with, because all the guys who want me to swallow expect me to swallow every last drop, and the guys who shoot loads on my face end up getting a lot in my mouth anyway.

It is very unnerving to not know what is coming from behind me or under me. At any given moment, a guy may clamp my nipples, or spank my ass. Carl introduces a new element of torment when he gets some of Paul's paddles and hands them out to the guys. Most of the guys had no experience with them, so they don't hurt me too much, but then Carl grabs a paddle and really nails my poor ass! My ass has been fucked over and over too, so it is getting sore inside as well. Not to mention my pussy; it has been stretched beyond belief by this one guy who had a much larger than average dick! He really pushed my pussy to the limits; thank God he didn't fuck my ass.

I am also subjected to cum anywhere on my body at any time. I feel it get squirted all over my body throughout the night, from head to toe. The guys also notice my exposed underarms and feet, and tickle me sometimes, causing me to laugh and shake my body in the restraints.

"What are you, Miranda?" Carl asks me.

I don't know what he's talking about.

"Yell out dirty things, Miranda. Describe your actions. Tell me what a cum slut you are, what a dirty whore you are to let ten guys fuck you're brains out!"

Carl spanks me hard until I come up with something to say.

I yell out "I'm a total fuck slut, Carl. I'm a slut in heat, and I can't get enough dick shoved into my three holes. I love getting fucked like a bitch in heat! Bring it on, motherfuckers. I can take it! C'mon, guys, give me more hard cock! Treat me like the filthy slut whore that I am..."

This seems to please him.

The action goes on and on till the guys are nearly spent. I have no idea what time it is. Then I feel some pubic hair brushing up against my face; to my surprise, I look up and see a blonde woman!

"Eat my cunt, bitch!" the woman demands. The guys go nuts when this mysterious woman rubs her pussy into my face. I lap up her pussy, and zero in on her hard clit. She grinds into me, eager to prove she can be just as abusive as the guys.

"By the way, Miranda, that's my wife Julie!" Paul introduces me to his wife as I eat her out. I see her pussy tighten up and she lets out a moan as she grabs my head and pushes my face into her crotch. I work my tongue like crazy until I bring her to orgasm; she holds the back of my head as she comes on my mouth.

They give me a short break, but then Julie comes up to me again. She begins to go down on my master Carl right in front of my face! Meanwhile, I feel a large anal vibrator shoved up my ass; at first I assumed it was another cock, but then I feel it begin to vibrate. Yet another hard cock enters my cunt from behind as well. My tits are roughly squeezed from underneath the table.

I watch my master get sucked off by Julie right in front of me. Soon he comes inside her mouth; Julie holds his cum in her mouth and then begins to French kiss me, forcing me to swallow my master's cum from her mouth! This feels rather strange. I am getting fucked really hard from behind; my pussy gets yet another load of come as I attempt to swallow more cum from Julie's mouth. Another load of hot jizz lands on my back from some guy jacking off.

I yell out to Carl that I really have to pee. "Do you think we are going to untie all these elaborate restraints and then tie them back up again just so you can piss, Miranda?" he asks me. 

"But I really have to go!" I protest.

"So go!" he says.

I know there is no point in arguing this point, but the thought of peeing in front of everyone makes me blush. Still, I really have to go badly. I try to fight it for a minute, but I just really am feeling uncomfortable. So I let my muscles relax, and am still horrified when I feel my own hot pee running down my leg in front of everyone. Most of them laugh, but they give me my space as I pee in front of them. I feel totally humiliated as the last few hot drops drip down my thighs.

For the grand finale, they take the buzzing vibrator out of my ass. I feel yet another dick penetrate me, and I freak out when I realize it is that one guy with the enormous dick entering my ass! Oh my God, I can't take him in that hole, I think. He impales me, stretching my poor asshole to the limit. Then two guys come up to my face. Carl helps them by physically opening my mouth for them, and somehow, two dicks are inside my mouth at the same time! A monster vibrator is shoved into my cunt without warning, and I feel utterly stuffed now.

Eventually, the guy with the monster cock shoots a load of cream deeper into my butt than I imagined possible. One of the guys in my mouth pulls out and shoot his load all over my messy hair, and the other one really shoves his dick into my throat and makes me swallow his cum. The vibrator is taken out of my pussy, and for the first time in hours, none of my holes are being penetrated.

Paul and Carl untie all of my restraints. I need help standing up after being tied in that position for such a long time. My knees wobble. They bring me too a full length mirror, and I look at myself in awe. My body is a total mess! Cum is matted into my messy hair, it is dripping all over my body, and leaking out of my pussy and asshole. My face is dripping with cum as well. My holes all feel so violated and stretched out. The guys all applaud me as I walk around the room to get my muscles back to normal. To top it all off, my body is absolutely drenched in sweat.

For my final humiliation, I am led upstairs and to the car stark naked. It is the crack of dawn, so nobody sees me, but this is still quite shocking to me. I ride in the passenger seat naked, praying we don't get pulled over, and finally I am led naked from the car to Carl's house. He makes me sleep naked and dirty, even thought I desperately need a shower. He promises me a nice long hot shower in the morning, but not until after I've been forced to sleep on a mattress on the floor, cum all over my body and leaking out of my holes.

I am utterly exhausted, physically drained beyond belief, and feeling filthy. This doesn't stop me from masturbating though. All that sex made me very horny, and I start to rub my cunt. There is no need for lubrication; there is so much cum still dripping out of me. I rub the cum all over my clit, and remember all the fucking I received that evening. I wonder how many times I got fucked, counting the blowjobs. I imagine that each of the ten guys must have fucked at least two of my holes, so I've probably been fucked twenty times in less than eight hours. Because I hadn't been able to do anything about my own horniness, I come very rapidly. My pussy explodes like a hot volcano, and the hard physical contractions force some of the men's cum out of my pussy. 

This hard orgasm causes me to sweat even more, and I feel even dirtier now, both physically and mentally. But my fantasy had been fulfilled; I had the most intense group sex I could imagine anyone ever having. Already laying down, I collapse instantly. I drift off to sleep, dirty and sweaty, cum all over my body and hair, my asshole and pussy feeling sore and leaking fluids still. But I fall asleep with a smile on my face...I truly feel like the dirty gang bang slut of my fantasies, and that is how I wanted to feel.