 As my wife finished jerking off our new friend Bob onto her tits while I filmed it; the thought occurred to me how our lives changed so drastically so fast. It was only a few days ago that Fiona and I were talking about how our love life had gotten so boring.

"Dave we need to spice things up a little in the sack."

"What do you want to do about that? Want to try some toys or dirty movies?"

"Yeah I like the idea of toys but the movies don't thrill me. I'd rather see it live it has more impact when I see strangers making love."

"Ok let's go to the adult store tomorrow and see what we find, that sound alright?"

Snuggling closer to me on the couch she kissed my cheek smiled with raised eyebrows and slipped her hand into my shorts fondling my semi-hard cock, "Ok, just thinking about it has me excited!"

Apparently it turned her on a bunch. We ended up doing some things we only save for birthdays and special occasions.

The next afternoon we went to the Adult Sex Shop out by the mall. I felt a little nervous about being there with her, but when I saw her enthusiasm and how she didn't even giggle picking up different types of dildos, butt plugs or cock rings.

"Dave, look at the size of this rubber cock! It must be twelve inches long!" She moved over to the shelves with sex lubes and flavored gels, "Hum, I'm going to get the flavors I like first. Pick some out you like and we'll have a feast later!" she pressed against me and grinned.

I decided to get into it too so I picked out some flavors like Mango, Pineapple, chocolate and cherry. Fiona got Peach, Apple, Strawberry and Peanut Butter. I started to count the cost then stopped. No way was I going to complain about of the expense today.

Following behind her as she went down the toy aisle she got a ten inch vibrator with another part that went inside the anus, it was called a rabbit. Looking at me she smiled, "Let's try this one baby. At least it's the size I'm used to, and with this other thing it should add something different."

She wasn't kidding either; I was privileged to have a ten inch long and thick shafted cock. When we fist started dating five years ago she couldn't get enough of it and I was only glad enough to let her. Now we just fell into a routine of work, home and twice a month sex, usually in the same positions and duration.

A little further down she motioned me over. Holding a vibrating butt plug up she said, "What the hell is this for?"

Taking it from her I held it next to her breast rubbing her nipple and whispered, "This end goes in your ass," turning it on she smiled, "I think you can figure out the rest," I smiled and kissed her ear sticking my tongue in quickly.

"Oh my, well we need to get one of these definitely!" her nipples were rock hard and her face was flushed.

Almost to the end of the aisle she found a strap on dildo. With it still in her hand she turned, looked me in the eye with a big smile and placed it in the basket, "I think we may need to have one of these too!"

She knew I liked to have her finger in my ass to stimulate my prostate while I ejaculated so this was a huge turn on for me. Looking around to make sure no one was close I reached down and adjusted my erection to make it more comfortable.

Watching me she giggled, "I would help but they might kick us out," she slipped by me and rubbed my hard cock.

Next we looked at some clothing, which is a loose term more like pieces of clothing. She didn't think any of it was sexy at all until she found a bustier in black silk with matching silk stockings and garter belt. Holding it up against her she said, "Oh yeah baby, this is sexy!" throwing it in the basket we made our way to the check-out counter.

The young girl behind the counter smiled at us and asked if we found everything ok.

Fiona said, "Oh yes and then some!"

The girl laughed, "Usually when women come in here the husband checks out while she stands back looking embarrassed. It's very refreshing to see a woman who knows what she wants. Is it the first time you guys have been in here?"

Fiona nods her head, "Yes, at first I felt a little weird but decided to just take it all in and the hell with it."

Stacking their purchase on the counter she separated the fake cocks from the lotions and lubes. Ringing up the sex lubes first she bagged them up commenting on her favorites. Picking up the rabbit she opened the battery compartment and reached down pulling out the batteries for it from a box under the counter, "This is a good choice I have one too and let me tell you, honey, wow! You'll have an orgasm that will curl your toes. My girlfriend and I used it on each other and I think we both fell in love with it; she keeps stealing it from me."

Fiona laughed, "Well I don't have a girl friend to share it with only my husband. I'm sure he won't steal it."

When the girl mentioned her girlfriend my cock twitched.

The young lady introduced her self, "I'm Traci by the way," she stuck out her hand.

"Hi Traci, I'm Fiona and this is Dave," she shook her hand and stepped aside.

"Nice to meet you Traci," I tell her trying not to stare at her large breasts, green eyes and trim figure.

She looks me over and says hi, "Fiona you better hold onto Dave, not many men come in here trying to buy this kind of stuff with their wives. Usually it's gay guys or some guys buying gag gifts. Are you trying to spice things up? If you don't mind my asking."

Fiona is definitely not shy around this girl, "Yes we are, you see we've been married for several years and both felt it was time to get the juices flowing again, in a manner of speaking," she laughed.

Traci grinned at her and giggled, "I like you guys, your honesty is amazing. I wish I could find someone to be that way with me!"

Fiona reached over and patted her hand, "Did your girl friend leave you?"

Traci laughed out loud and slapped her thigh, "No you don't understand she's just a friend. Actually I'm bi-sexual, but I lean more to guys that girls. There's just something about a flesh and blood hard cock that a fake one will never replace," she held the strap on up and glanced at me but didn't say a word.

Fiona and I paid for our toys and thanked her. As we were walking out she called to us then ran over handing Fiona a slip of paper, "If you two ever want to add someone to your life call me. I'd love to get to know the two of you better, much better."

Fiona put the number in her pocket, "Why thank you Traci! We never really discussed it, but from the look on his face I'm sure we will now!"

We said our goodbye and got in the car with the bags. I was enjoying the thought of adding Traci to our bed, but didn't really think anything would come of it.

Fiona had the rabbit out and was watching me while she turned it on and off.

Looking at her I could see she had something on her mind, "What are you thinking sweetie? I hope its dirty thoughts," I told her then turned to pay attention to my driving.

Because we were driving my old model custom truck we were on a wide bench seat. It was as long as some couches. She slid back to the door and as I glanced at her she reached under her skirt and slipped off her panties then threw them in my lap. Pulling the skirt up bunching it around her waist she gave me a great view of her shaved pussy. 

Reaching in the bag of goodies she pulled out the strawberry sex lube and used her fingers to rub some on her pussy lips and on the rabbit. Using slow strokes she rubbed it up and down her slit until her lips engulfed the head then she slowly slid it in and turned it on making her gasp.

"Oh shit baby, Traci was right it does feel good! Oh God damn! You better hurry home lover or I'll cum before we get there. Hummm," she was slowly fucking her cunt with the dildo and I could hear it as she got wetter and wetter.

The ride to our house was only ten minutes, but it seemed to take an hour. Pulling in the drive I hit the remote for the garage door. The door hadn't hit the floor as I ran around the truck and pulled her out. Picking Fiona up I sat her on my work bench unbuttoned her blouse and pulled her bra up to get at those big tits. Sucking her nipple in my mouth I took the dildo in my hand and started to fuck her with it. Getting deeper I could feel the little anal probe section hitting her opening. Using her juices I wiped some on the little dick and slipped it in her asshole.

"Yes, yes fuck me baby, fuck me. Harder Dave, harder!" she had her legs open holding them back while I pumped our new toy deep in her openings. Soon she was grunting and moaning and I knew from experience her orgasm was near.

I stopped fucking her with it and held the dildo deep in her holes letting the vibrator do it's thing while I moved it back and forth. Bending down I sucked her nipple in my mouth hard then did the other.

Fiona lost it then with a scream she bore down on the invading rubber cock as she came. Quivering and moaning she whimpered as her throbbing cunt muscles squeezed the rabbit deep in her holes.

As she calmed down I slowly slid the rabbit out of her then bent down to kiss her pussy lips, "Shit baby doll, you still cum like a freight train!" 

She laughed and dropped to the floor threw her arms around me kissed me and said, "I'm so glad we went to that store today baby. Come on upstairs and I'll get a protein shake out of that snake in your pants!"

She grabbed my hand and pulled me from the garage to our bedroom. By the time I got my shirt pulled off and my shoes kicked off Fiona was beautifully naked. I didn't even have a chance to undo my belt because she had it undone and my pants down around my knees. 

Stripping off my boxers she grabbed my dick before it hit her in the chin. Looking up in my eyes she licked the head then sucked the pre-cum coming out of the slit, "Yummy! Sit down on the bed Dave and let me take care of you now."

Backpedaling I sat down and lay back on the bed grabbing a pillow, I put it under my head because I liked to watch her suck me off.

Fiona ran out saying she would be right back. A few seconds later she came in carrying the sacks of stuff we had just bought, "I wanted to try some of the flavors on my meat stick!" she giggled and opened one smelled it, smiled, then dripping some in her hand she got on her knees between my legs and lathered my throbbing cock from the head to my balls. 

Dropping her face down she sucked my balls, one at a time in her mouth while her hand stroked my shaft. Putting both my balls in her wet mouth she started to hum and moan sending the sensations across them and into my ass. She had an extraordinary tongue that when she had as much of my dick down her throat she could take it would snake out and lick my sack. She still couldn't swallow all of me, but it was enough to send me into overdrive.

While her mouth held my balls in she stuck her tongue out and licked my asshole penetrating just a little making me moan, "Yeah baby that feels good!" She let my testicles drop out and got further down to lick my asshole. After just a few licks she stuck her tongue in as far as she could corn holing me with it. "That's it Fiona fuck my ass honey!"

When she heard me say that her tongue started to fuck me faster as her hand jerked me off. We've always been able to tell when the other is ready to cum. Fiona stopped me just short of orgasm stood up and dug in the bag of goodies to pull out the strap-on dildo. With a giggle she put it on lubed the cock with the gel and while standing there stroking it said, "Still want me to fuck your ass sweetie? You want mommy to put her cock in your asshole and fuck it?"

Shit! The more she talked dirty the more I was getting turned on, my cock was hard as a steel rod. Wrapping my hand around it I slowly stroked myself and nodded, "Yeah baby fuck me in the ass, make me cum."

Bending over she sucked me in her mouth as she used her fingers to stretch my anus so the cock would fit. Using the gel she probed deep as her fingers would, go pumping my hole and opening me up.

Standing back she smiled as she fed the rubber cock slowly in my bowels. When she bumped against my ass she stopped and held it in me, "Does that feel good baby? Do you like my cock deep in your asshole?" she started to gently pump it in and out dripping the gel on the shaft to keep it lubed.

I was in heaven; my cock had never been harder. The pre-cum was dripping off the head onto my hand while I stroked it.

Because Fiona was smaller than me she could bend over and suck the head in her mouth while fucking me. When her mouth made a seal around the head she gently sucked on it.

I knew I wasn't going to last very long so after a few minutes I felt my balls tighten, "Oh shit baby I'm going to cum, faster, go faster!"

She pulled her mouth off me with a loud pop and pushed my hand away so she could jerk me off. Fiona loved to watch me shoot my load; sometimes I would hit the wall behind the bed. This time was a lot different, she pumped my ass faster until I started to shoot my cum. The first long thick rope of my cock cream shot out and hit the wall above the headboard. The second was just as large and did the same thing, the third hit my chest and the rest dropped on my stomach.

"Holy shit Dave! I bet that would go across the room!" Fiona said pulling the fake dick out of my ass. Bending her head down she licked my spunk off of me and smiled. "I wish I had that on film; that was amazing!"

Climbing up next to me we snuggled for a while to calm down. We must have fallen asleep, the next thing I know its dark and I'm cold, "Wake up sweetie," I said to her, "Come on lets get a shower then get supper, I'm starving!"

The two of us stood under the spray getting warm then soaped each other off, which got both of us hot again.

Fiona leaned back against me and sighed as my hands rubbed the soap around her stomach and tits. Lathering her hands she reached between my legs and rubbed my sack and dick with her soapy hands.

"Dave, have you given any thought about what that girl Traci said, you know about joining us?" she turned around and scrubbed my chest, shoulders and arms.

I kissed her forehead, "I think it would be fun to have her join us. We talked about having another person before remember? Maybe this is the opportunity to do it."

"Good, I'll call her tomorrow and set it up for this weekend, ok?" when I nodded she smiled and kissed me.

The next few days went by slowly until Friday. Traci came with a guy which I wasn't expecting. We introduced ourselves and asked if they wanted a drink. After they sat down I grabbed Fiona's arm and dragged her in the kitchen to make the drinks.

"Dear would you mind letting me in on what's going on here? We don't even know this guy! Did you and Traci set this up?" I poured the drinks placing them on a tray then stood there watching her.

Sheepishly she smiled, "Well actually yes, she and I set it up. I hope you aren't to mad. His names is Bob and he and Traci get together once and a while for sex so they have no commitment to each other. I just thought it would be nice to have another man here too, that way we can swap." Fiona was standing there waiting for me to say something.

Hesitating for a moment I sighed, "I guess its ok, but if it turns bad they both go, ok"

She nodded and kissed my cheek, "Thanks sweetie."

We went back in the living room with snacks and drinks. Sitting down we got to know each other. Traci of course we already knew from the store, but only from the store. Bob we didn't know at all so while I talked to Traci, Fiona sat next to him on the couch.

I could tell he was interested in her by the way his eyes traveled down her body. Fiona had on a thin silky top that showed off her large firm breasts and the fact she wasn't wearing a bra. Her short skirt revealed her shapely legs and if he sat where I was the fact she wasn't wearing any panties had firmed my cock up.

I had on a pair of my favorite trousers, they fit the best of all I have, but leave the crotch loose for growth and comfort. Fiona likes them so she can fondle me in the movies or going down the road.

Traci was several years younger than us but she acted very mature; wearing the sexiest loose top I have ever seen, her breasts would sway every time she would laugh or reach for her drink and her nipples stayed hard. Her jeans looked painted on leaving her camel toed pussy revealed when she would stand up.

Bob had on a designer tee shirt and loose jeans. He was a good looking guy of the same age as us with brown eyes and hair. Fiona liked his dimpled smile and the way he laughed. 

Traci and I were flirting and teasing each other for several minutes. I kept my arm on the back of the couch and ran my fingers through her hair while we talked.

She got up for some more Margarita then sat down very close to me putting her hand on my thigh. Every so often she would glance down at my hardening cock that had snaked down my pants leg. With her full breast pressing against my arm I was soon at attention and pressing up my pants leg giving her a good view of the swollen head.

She looked down in my lap and stopped talking. A second or two went by then she looked in my eyes and grinned downing the rest of her drink in one swallow.

Meanwhile Bob and Fiona were kissing passionately and his hand was up inside her blouse squeezing her tits making her moan in his mouth. She had her hand in his crotch rubbing him to make him hard.

When I turned around to Traci she had pulled her top off and was unsnapping her jeans. Her breasts weren't as large as Fiona's but her nipples looked like hard pink erasures sticking out almost an inch. I bent my head down and sucked one in my mouth, rubbing around the hard button with my tongue making her gasp. She had only managed to unzip her jeans and put her hands behind my head pulling me closer as I nursed on her breast.

Slobbering over her titty I reached down to the waist of her jeans and with her help pulled them down and off her feet. Pulling my mouth of her I got up and pulled off my shirt then unbuckled my pants. 

Traci pulled her knees up and stripped her pants and panties off quickly. Bending forward she smiled at me and unsnapped my pants, "Here let me help Dave." She cupped my balls with one hand and slowly unzipped my pants. Reaching in she wrapped her hand around me, "Oh my God! I just love a big cock," not waiting she pulled my pants down over my erection letting it pop up and point straight at her face the pre-cum coating the slit.

I reached down and stroked my cock coating the head with my juices, "Here it is Traci. Do what you want with it baby."

She slipped down on her knees and while I jerked off she licked my sack then sucked one of my balls in her mouth. Moving her tongue around my balls made me even harder. She started to lick the base of my cock moving slowly up the shaft. 

I removed my hand so she could lick some more, her tongue felt fantastic. Using small sucking kisses she watched my face as she moved along the length of my cock until the head was the only part she hadn't touched. With both hands she milked the length of the shaft until a long stream of clear juice came out onto her tongue. "Uhmmm, yummy!" she said then pursing her lips kissed the head sucking on the hole getting more juice out as she milked me some more.

Traci kept this action up for several minutes, just sucking the head in her mouth then licking off the clear juice from the slit. I looked over at Fiona and Bob; he had his face buried between her legs and she was watching Traci suck my cock. Bob was slurping and grunting as he got Fiona close to cumming.

Traci must have heard him, turning to where they were going at it she grinned at Fiona, "The man can eat some pussy can't he? He loves to feel you cum on his face while he licks you too." 
