 Note: For this chapter, I have switched to a first-person narrative.

*

I wasn't quite ready for the kiss that Stacey landed on me when I showed up for work again. She wasn't bashful at all. In fact, she made a point of tongue-kissing me in front of any of the mall staff, shop staff, and customers present. She wanted the entire shopping center to know that we were involved with each other. 

"Hi, lover. I got lucky last night, since Patrice was actually home for a change. How did things go with your sexy wife?" she blurted in front of everyone. 

"If you're trying to make me jealous, it won't work. I am not like that. Speaking of which, I got some from the missus, if you must know," I teased her back, relaxing now that the damage was done. 

"Yeah, but did you catch her doing anything?" 

"I'll tell you about it at lunch, babe. Just be there," I instructed my new companion. 

"Your wish is my command, Otto. I belong to you," she assured me, swaying her hips as she walked back to the bath shop. 

Lunch didn't arrive as soon as I would have liked, but that was a given, since I was in a hurry to see Stacey. Oddly enough, en route to the food court, I got a cell call from Katie. I had to wonder why, since she rarely phoned me at work. 

"Honey, I can't help but think of you, me, and Stacey together. We might even add Desmond and Carla, if you'd like. Think of the orgy that we could have together. It would be even hotter if her husband participated. Think that you can set up a date for at least the three of us, and then make room for others to tag along? Is she that hot? I would love to eat a MILF's pussy and ass. Just please do me a favor and tell her the bit about the incest. If she gets disgusted, I think that we can bring her around. What do you think?" Katie rambled. 

"Babe, if I know Stacey as well as I think that I do, few things will shock or upset. I'll tell her everything, since she's dying to know about last night. Oh, and her hubby might be more into Desmond than anyone else. He's bi, from what she's told me. How's that for a kink?" I teased my slutty wife. 

"Hey, that sounds yummy. The more, the merrier, as they say. Seriously, thanks for not leaving me over this," Katie giggled. 

"What kind of a fool do you take me for, dear? I'm certainly no hypocrite, and since I'm lucky enough to have such a wild wife, I want to share my good fortune. You know, between you, Stacey, and Carla, I might never need another girl. Don't quote me on that, because I might be wrong about that. Still, that's a lot of tail," I grinned. 

"No more than you deserve, my Prussian stud. Oh, and I baked more cookies. I hope that you don't mind. There's a reason that I work on a phone sex line. I like cooking and fucking too much for a regular career," my wife pointed out. 

"Tell me about it. You, Stacey, and Carla should all go into porn together. You'd make millions," I dryly commented.

"It's a thought. I really do love you, Otto," Katie declared for the record. 

"I love you, too, Katie. You're something else. I'll discuss what you said with Stacey, never fear. The idea of an orgy in the privacy of my own home holds a certain appeal to it," I agreed, as I hung up the phone. 

There was Stacey, eating her hoagie as usual. She saw me and gestured for me to join her. Since that was already my plan, I didn't take it as anything but a reassurance that our lunch date was still on. What did catch my attention was the fact that she had taken the liberty to buy my food for me. 

"How did you know what I like?" I quizzed her, a bit pleased that she knew my preferences.

"Well, to be honest, I've asked around where you are concerned. I wanted to know everything that I could about you, so I could surprise you like this," Stacey explained with a saucy smile. 

"Hey, I'm not one to complain," I thanked her, taking a bit out of my meatball sub. 

"I'm falling in love with you. I just thought that I should clear that up. I don't mind sharing you. In fact, as I said, I want to hear about last night. My kind of love embraces many things, but they don't include monogamy. Even so, I wanted to make it clear that I'm yours in every sense. If Patrice ever kicks me out, I'll be on your doorstep, and Katie bar the door!" she didn't realize the pun until after she said it. 

"Oh, I doubt that she would do that. She'd probably ask you what took you so long and drag you to bed for a threesome with her and me," I remarked with a certain satisfaction at the recent turn in my life. Clearly, I had found not one Ms. Right, but two (and possibly three, if Carla proved amenable). 

"So, whatever happened to not wanting this to turn serious?" I inquired, remembering what she said the day before. 

"Okay, so that was a lie. One that I told myself, even. The truth is that I realized that the way I have obsessed over you lately indicates that my feelings are more than purely carnal. I need a man who wants me more than Patrice does. I'm just there to cleanse his palate between boyfriends. If he caught me with a man, he'd be more likely to do the guy than help him to DP me. That's not bad sometimes, but you're better. Still, I won't give up his cock, any more than I'd give up yours. That's funny, since we haven't fucked yet. That doesn't keep me from wanting you as much as I want my own husband," Stacey clarified. 

"Oh, and if she greeted me that way, I'd rock both of your worlds so much that you'd fear cardiac arrest," she quickly added to her previous statement. 

"You know, so far, I've heard a lot of talk, but no action. When does this great sex begin?" I taunted my new mistress. 

"Don't worry, you won't have to wait much longer. So, just what did happen last night? Speaking of teases, you've evaded that question all day long," Stacey pouted. 

"Well, if you must know, I caught Katie with another man and we had a brief talk. After that, we shared her in a sandwich and she clearly loved it as much as both of us. She also urged me to talk to you about we discussed about the three of us. She even brought up the idea of adding still more people to the group," I elaborated. 

"Really? Who would the lucky gals be? Or are they guys?" she pressed me. 

"One guy and one girl, actually, at the very least. The woman is Carla, our delectable Latina of a neighbor. The man is my brother-in-law, Desmond. Yes, that's the real scandal. My dear wife is screwing her own brother, and has been for a while now. Personally, I don't object, but if you don't want to watch....." I explained, until Stacey interrupted me. 

"Are you kidding? That's extremely wild, lover! I would really enjoy taking part in such an orgy. So, the man with whom Katie and you had a threesome was her bro? Wow! That's the kind of thing that turns me on," she reacted with excitement. 

"Oh, and she even suggested that Patrice might be welcome to participate," I remembered. 

"Well, if he does, watch out for your ass. Other than that, I have no problem with that idea. Any excuse or chance to bed my dear hubby is delicious, if you ask me. He really is great in the sack, when I get to fuck him. As it stands, you have better odds than me in that sense," she spoke up, and then French-kissed me again. 

"I gather that you have no hang-ups about public displays of affection," I observed with a wink. 

"Honey, if it's legal and doesn't involve human waste or serious bodily harm, I'm game for it," she grinned seductively. 

"How about tonight? Katie is very eager to meet you, I think," I raised the stakes.

"I wish that it was yesterday, so tonight is perfectly fine. Do you want to just give me a lift from work, and head straight over to your place? If Patrice calls, I can then direct him to an intervention of sorts. Well, if you call having to watch one's spouse fuck around an intervention, that is," Stacey proposed.

"I would love that. I'll take off a little early, since I have plenty of hours saved up, and drive you to my house," I agreed, certain that Katie would be up for such fun. 

"Oh, now, I'm very aroused. Our first tryst will include your wife! That sounds awesome!" Stacey beamed, clearly meaning what she said. 

"My sentiments exactly. However, I must now return to work, my dear. Oh, what will be the hourly rate, since you planned to charge me?" I demanded. 

"Actually, I think it better that you compensate me in the traditional currency of a mistress. Jewelry and such, at your leisure. I can sell precious things and no one would be the wiser. Cash would make others suspicious. Don't worry, I'm not that greedy," she specified, wanting me to understand her proposition better. 

"Yeah, that sounds nicer. You'll be a kept woman of sorts, then?" I probed. 

"You got it, babe. Alright, I must clock back in, too," she reminded me, tossing in another kiss to make it clear that she was sincere about her affection and lust for me. 

I breezed through my work that day, quite eager to pick Stacey up for our date with Katie. If I seemed to be a trance, that wasn't far off from reality, since my desire to finally screw that MILF distracted me with anticipation. I did my job, for sure, but I didn't overwhelm myself with many projects. 

When time was up, I met Stacey at the front entrance to the mall, and she proved to be as eager as I was. She practically shoved her tongue down my throat again, not that I was about to complain. One couldn't accuse her of shyness. 

"So, are you ready?" I inquired, though I already knew the answer. 

"Well, duh! I just hope that your wife is as much of a slut as you paint her to be. Speaking of which, have you called her to confirm our rendezvous?" Stacey responded happily. 

"I plan to surprise her with the details, but she'll find out very soon. It won't take long to get there, I promise," I informed my new girlfriend. 

"Hey, whatever you wish, my dear. It's your household and your wife. I'm just your paramour," she giggled, as we approached my place as rapidly as I planned. 

When we arrived, Katie was at home, of course. Carla and Desmond were also present. They were all naked, and evidently waiting for us. The look on my wife's face indicated that she had decided to assert her control over both of them by compelling them to refrain from any action and await our arrival. This fact reinforced the idea that she had sensed that tonight would witness the initiation of Stacey into our now truly open marriage. 

"I see that we were expected," I greeted my mate, as I played "tonsil hockey" with her. 

"Naturally, hon. I knew that you would get Stacey to join us. Speaking of which, let me give her a kiss, too," Katie implored. 

"Please do," Stacey gave my spouse a lip lock, while Carla did me the same favor. 

"I see that you missed me, my very friendly neighbor," I chuckled, as the spicy Mexican babe made it apparent that she was still mine. 

"If I could, I would move in with the two of you," Mrs. Hernandez declared with shameless need. 

"Tell me about it, Carla. If Patrice doesn't get his act together soon, I just might do that," Stacey punctuated the Latina's announcement with her own strong feelings. 

"Well, you are getting a divorce, Carlita. You need a place to stay, anyway. As for Patrice, he's welcome to visit anytime he likes, as long as Otto doesn't mind. I think that Desmond will keep him busy and happy, won't ya, bro?" Katie encouraged their fantasies. 

"Does that mean that you want the ladies to live with us? Won't it get crowded here? Otherwise, I don't object, but I just want to consider the logistics," I queried with some shock. This was radical, even for my slutty wife. 

"Perhaps, but at least Desmond won't move in. I think that if he lives with Patrice, everyone here will be satisfied. It would be a great way for you to take care of all of your women. Mind you, my brother might complain a bit after getting sodomized a few times, but he'll cooperate if I reward him with enough pussy. He's as much under my thumb as I am under Otto's. Aren't you, Dessie?" Katie offered. 

"Well, I could go for that," Stacey seconded my wife's motion. 

"Count me in. Enrique might be upset, but that's his problem," Carla chimed in, referring to her estranged husband, who was recently sent to prison for felony murder. 

"Fair enough, but when do we get to fuck?" Desmond asked out of frustration. 

"Relax, my silly sex slave. You will get the chance to service me whenever Otto wishes it. He decides this, since he's the boss here," Katie put her brother back in his place. 

"Yes, dear," Desmond complied, accepting that his fate was in my hands. Mein Gott, he truly was a wimp!

"Well, now that we are all agreed that I am in charge and that Stacey and Carla are going to move in with us, let's actually do some screwing," I insisted. 

"Certainly. Who's first?" Stacey wondered openly. 

"You, of course. I haven't gotten to sample more than your kisses yet," I told her, as I undressed. 

She reacted to this by stripping off her clothes in a major hurry, making it obvious that she wanted the waiting to end as well. In five minutes, her mouth covered my dick, while Carla threw caution to the wind and tasted Stacey for the first time. 

"That's a great idea, Carlita! Eat Stacey out while she sucks my cock!" I urged the Latin hussy. 

"What about me, hon? I'm not jealous, but I want to fuck someone!" Katie pleaded with me. 

"I know what you want, so do it. Have your way with Desmond. Commit incest in front of everyone here!" I told my perky blonde wife. 

"Yes, sir!" Katie gave me a playful salute in response to my order. 

"Thank you, Otto!" Desmond groaned, as his sister attacked him. 

While Katie straddled her brother and pinned him to the living room floor, I proceeded to spread Stacey's legs and finger her cunt. Carla clearly resolved not to be left out, as demonstrated by the manner in which she continued to devour her new friend's pussy. She was even more pleased when I joined her in licking my whore's gash. We went so far as to tangle our tongues inside Stacey's hole. 

When Carla withdrew her mouth for a moment to catch her breath, I slid my dick into my new partner at last. Instead of griping, my Mexican hottie simply transferred her oral focus to Stacey's labia and clit. She also stuck her tongue inside Mrs. Larue whenever my cock pulled out enough before returning to that sweet orifice. Consequently, there were several times that she licked my hard member and intensified the joy for all three of us. 

"Oh, fuck me, that's sensational!" Stacey squealed happily, as both Carla and I invaded her sex. 

"I think that I am fucking you, babe," I teased her, as our sizzling hot threesome continued. 

"Yes, at last, you are!" she moaned as the Latina and I pleasured the MILF. 

I couldn't disagree with that statement, since it was true. I had long desired to fuck Stacey, so I found her sentiments to be in excellent accord with my own. Evidently, she really had craved me for a while herself. 

I then turned Stacey over, after gesturing my intentions to Carlita, so she could be prepared for the change and not suffer any injuries while munching on our new lover's twat. She responded to this switch to the "doggie" position by sliding her tongue from Mrs. Larue's taint to her tailbone. 

Stacey instantly tensed up for a moment, and then gasped with delight, indicating that this new activity brought her even more pleasure. Not even Patrice had rimmed her that well in her lifetime, and he loved analingus. As great as that was (and at the risk of boasting), Stacey seemed to enjoy my prick in her cunt even more. I certainly made a point of giving her as much as fun as possible, even as I had some of my own by taking her sweet cunt with my hard cock. 

"Oh, God, Otto, that's so damned good!" she yelled as I took her. 

Meanwhile, Carla tossed Stacey's salad with a degree of gusto that would put a porn starlet to shame. I had to admit to that this sight was another exciting factor for me as I plundered the woman underneath me. Her ass was already quite exquisite in its own right, but the view of a lovely Mexican tonguing her butt-crack just made things even better for me. Of course, neither of the girls complained, for their part. 

Finally, the sweet whore beneath came on my dick. Instead of giving me a breather, Carla and Stacey winked at each other and knelt before me. They knew that I wouldn't object to a longer threesome, especially after they shared my dick between their mouths. The ladies also French-kissed each other at various points, signaling that the Sapphic delights would resume shortly. 

"You know, Carla, you're an even better ass-licker than my husband. I'll have no choice but to return the favor. I imagine that your bottom is rather tasty, too. I've never rimmed a Latina before, but I've always thought that you have some of the sexiest butts in the world. It will be my pleasure," Stacey promised the Hispanic babe. 

"Thank you, sweetie, but please call me Carlita. I don't take offense to such diminutives. On the contrary, it's a sign of affection among my friends and lovers. I am rather petite, after all," Carla urged her as they shared me. 

"I'll bear that in mind, babe," she answered, as she lowered herself and began eating my neighbor's pussy. 

As for Katie and Desmond, they were still busy, as my wife hadn't let her brother get up for more than the occasional gasp of air. She mounted him and rode him as if she really were a cowgirl, minus the saddle and stirrups. I think that she may watched that Big and Rich video a few too many times, but Des didn't seem to mind. In fact, he had already cum twice by this point. Obviously, she was determined to have his love child, or at least the possibility of it. 

I had to admit that Katie's body, thrashing and gliding on top of my brother-in-law, had a definite appeal to it. She was a slut par excellence, and I meant that as a compliment. More to the point, she had a definite infatuation with her flesh and blood. For all of her stated disdain for Desmond, my wife really cared about him. The domineering and scornful tone that she used with him was part of their D/s affair. 

In the meantime, I slammed my cock into Carlita, while Stacey eagerly sampled her ass. My new MILF certainly made the most of the second act of her initiation into our sexual network. She also kept her word in every sense, as evidenced by the way that the Mexican shivered in ecstasy. While Mrs. Hernandez definitely relished my dick inside her, I knew that I couldn't take all of the credit for her imminent and approaching climax. I could see that Stacey knew how to rim our mutual girlfriend, which made me suspect that she had some experience of analingus. 

Naturally, this encounter had to come to an end, as with all good things, which happened when Carla came while we ravished her. I immediately enjoyed my own release, spilling my spunk in the Mexican lady's depths. Stacey promptly cleaned their juices off my cock, and then slid underneath her future roommate for a spontaneous 69. 

Unable to resist the impulse, I joined them in their oral endeavor, rimming both of my new women. Their slick and sweaty asses rewarded me for that decision, as did the ladies' groans of sexual bliss as I alternated between them. They soon orgasmed again from the combined tasting, after which they thanked me with merciless kissing. 

"Damn, I really must live with you now! I just hope that Carlita here will move in as well," Stacey exclaimed with joy as we locked lips with each other and Carla. 

"Oh, count on it, babe. I just hope that Katie doesn't change her mind and kick us out! I would miss all of you too much to be happy in such a case," the Latina agreed with a smile. 

"Don't worry about that, ladies. I still haven't fucked Stacey, and I already know how delicious Carlita is! Besides, I would never deprive my loving hubby of your obvious affection and attention," Katie interrupted them with a flirtatious grin. 
