 Lark lived in the woods, although there were roads; and, on these roads, she walked her dog daily. She was a sleek 5'7" with long red hair that, when she wore it down, would reach past her ass cheeks. She wore baggy clothes all the time because she was embarrassed by her body...she used to be hugely fat and wore sweat pants and baggy shirts only, and now that she had reduced herself down to 120 lbs., she still felt big. Her breasts, which were always the first place to go, when she dieted, remained quite large...34D, and better still, her nipples were large and dusky pink in colour and, when erect, looked like little Devil's Towers, and were SO sensitive, even whatever she wore made them come hard and ready to touch; and she had pared her waist and hips down to 24" and 37", respectively. 

Although she was fairly new to the area, the long-time residents grew used to the sight of seeing her and her dog on their daily walks. She was cheerful and greeted people she saw. at one house, along the road, a young man lived with his brother and his very young son. The young man, whose name was Peter, saw her quite often and either waved or struck up a conversation. 

Peter's house was right on the lake and he'd often invited Lark down for a swim. Of course she could not!! in her mind, Lark was still an overweight woman and she'd NEVER put on a bathing suit. So, time after time, Lark refused the invitation, without explaining why. 

One late summer day, Lark realised she was quite late in awakening and her dog was anxiously pulling at her bedcovers to get her out of the bed. She was still so tired and not quite awakened that she put on her sandals and went out of her house with the dog wearing only her sheer nighty. The nighty went only to her upper thighs (it was, after all, summer) and had an empire type waistline (that is to say her breasts were well outlined and hugged by the material). 

Lark allowed the dog to pull her along, lost in her thoughts of the previous night. She lived alone and, at times, the loneliness threatened to strangle her; especially her desires. At times, she was so horny she would thrum her clit and stick various items up her cunt...whatever was handy, she thought with a smile. Last night it had been a japanese eggplant and a yellow zucchini squash. She used the eggplant to stick up her ass, because it was softer and was able to go in without lubrication; and she used the squash in her pussy because it was hard and long. but afterwards, as always, she felt her loneliness even more keenly, wishing she had a real lover who would stay with her and pet her and kiss her. She sighed. 

Suddenly, she felt tugging at her hand, and looking down, she discovered her dog's leash had intertwined with a low-growing shrub. without thinking about it, she bent over, from the waist, to disengage the lead. all of a sudden, she felt a warm and hard thing press against her ass cheeks. Turning her head, she recognised Peter and stood up to greet him. before she could stand upright, Peter was pressing against her ass and holding one of her wonderful sensitive tits from behind. 

"My god, Lark, I was watching you from my window and I got such a hard-on I could barely stand up and I knew, although we're not "familiar" with each other that I just had to come out and feel if you felt as good as you look...and YOU DO!!" 

While he was talking, Lark had an orgasm. Just feeling a REAL other person touching her in places she'd been touching herself the night before was enough to make her clit stand erect and her pussy juices to start running. Before she could really examine all the feelings rushing through her body, she heard her dog begin to growl. She pushed Peter away from her and told him her dog would probably attack him if he didn't release her. Reluctant to let her step away from him but not willing to sport holes from the dog's gleaming fangs, Peter released her, but not before licking his fingers with his warm and moist tongue and pinching her nipple with those same fingers. Lark gasped with the sudden pleasure and at the same time realised her pussy juices were flowing down her left leg. Peter noticed the wetness too and applied one of his fingers to the juices and then licked his own finger. He groaned. 

"Lark, I know we don't know each other and I know this will sound strange, but I REALLY need to feel you inside me." 

"Don't you mean you want me to feel you inside me??" queried Lark. 

"No! I need to feel you in me...you'll understand what I mean if you let me fuck you." 

"Well, I've got my dog here and your brother may not want to have him inside the house." 

"I'll tell you what...we'll put your dog inside the fenced yard and you and I will go down to the lake and we can fuck each others' brains out on the beach. C'mon! I promise it'll be really good." 

Lark knew she needed this...she'd been more than 5 yrs. without another real person touching her and her insides melted at the idea. she nodded to Peter and he took her by the hand and led her and the dog down to the house and its yard. 

After petting the dog and telling him to be good, Lark allowed herself to be led down to the beach by the lake. Peter had grabbed a sheet from the clothesline in the yard and shook it out and lay it flat on the warm sand. Lark looked around, noticing there wasn't much privacy from the other houses on the beachfront, but, Peter, correctly determining her reluctance, sat down on the sheet and started kissing and tonguing her legs from the ankles, working his way upward. Then, suddenly, he yanked on her nighty, pulling her lower and stuck his tongue in her twat as far as he could. Holding Lark by her hips, he was able to tongue fuck her pussy until she came to orgasm yet again, the juices filling his mouth. 

"Oh god, you taste good, Lark. I can see I'm gonna have to make you cum often in order to taste you more and more. Now, come down here!" 

And with another pull on her nightdress, Peter pulled her down on top of him. With one twitch, he had the nighty off her body and had her squarely on his cock with her tits dangling above him. He didn't move...he just lay there and let Lark fuck him, which she did. she impaled herself deeply, moaning and groaning that his cock was so big, which it was. Peter's cock measured 9" long and 4" around when fully hard, which he was now. Peter was much bigger than any squash Lark had ever rammed up her twat, but she was enjoying the feeling of Peter's cock banging against the walls of her pussy. 

Suddenly, she felt a pressure on her ass cheeks and managing to look around, she saw Peter's brother, Andre half leaning against her and holding his cock in his other hand. Lark was very excited! This would be like the eggplant and squash treatment of the night before but with REAL, WARM, and very EXCITING human parts!! Looking at Andre's cock, Lark was relieved to see he was not as big as Peter. Lark was afraid of a monster cock like Peter's ramming her anus. 

Having spit some saliva onto his cock and getting no notion of refusal from Lark, Andre rammed his 6" cock up her ass. The second his cock penetrated her sweet nether hole, Lark had an orgasm equalling 9.5 on the richter scale. In fact, if her body had been San Francisco, it would undoubtedly have sunk into the pacific!! 

Andre, feeling the contractions and the other cock through the thin walls separating ass from pussy, got harder and thicker and continued to pump his cock into Lark's back hole. Two minutes later, he took a deep breath and pumped his hot seed into her bowels. Pulling out from her, he plopped down onto the sand and massaged his softening cock. A minute later, Lark lifted herself off Peter's hard-as-rock cock and got on her knees on the sheet and started licking his cock and balls. Peter started moaning and he released Lark's long hair from the band which held it and pulled her hair and head closer to his cock. Lark was very excited...this was her very first suck job on a real cock and it was NOTHING like sucking a squash!! After 5 minutes of intense vacuum sucking and fingering, she got back up and lowered her cunt onto Peter's cock again...which, if possible, was bigger and harder than it had been before!! She turned her head to see Andre's cock had risen once more and ordered him to fuck her ass again, but Andre decided he needed to be inside her pussy and went into the lake, rinsed off his cock and pulled Lark off Peter and lay himself down on the sheet for her to fuck him. Peter wasn't put off by this state of affairs and positioned himself so he could lick Lark's clit as she fucked his brother. After only a few minutes of this, Lark, torn between the excitement of being fucked and licked, came to orgasm and yet again, her pussy juices flowed down her leg, some falling on Andre's groin. Peter scooped up some juice and put it in his mouth and then he used some of Lark's hot juice to lubricate her ass because he knew it was going to be a tight fit, unlike Andre. Lark wasn't sure what was going on because she couldn't look behind her, but suddenly she felt a big hard thing at the entrance to her ass. She moaned, knowing how big Peter's cock was and was afraid he would hurt her; but, Peter knew he just had to go slowly until the point Lark's nether hole accommodated his mammoth cock. First, he just played with the hole with the head of his cock...sliding it in and out slowly until Lark groaned and told him firmly to fuck her deep. taking her at her word, Peter then slid the entire length of his 9" cock all the way into that hot dark hole. Now, he too, could feel his brother's cock fucking Lark through the thin membrane and this excited him even more. 

Within moments, Andre filled Lark's cunt with hot cum, but lay where he was so Peter could finish fucking her ass. It didn't take very long for Peter to finish...Lark's ass hole was SO tight, the friction on his cock was almost more than he could bear. Peter reached around Lark and started rubbing her clit and Lark, already in such a state of excitement, orgasmed so hard she contracted her sphincter muscles, too, provoking Peter's cock even more. Suddenly, before he could stop himself, Peter dumped his load of hot seed into Lark. 

Although Peter had shot a huge amount of cum into Lark's bowels, he was still semi-hard; so, he walked to the lake, rinsed his cock off and came back and started fucking Lark doggy-style. Lark was still having spasms from her last group of orgasms but was ready for more of Peter's massive cock. She bucked back and forth, trying to get Peter's cock to touch her cervix and when it did, she felt like she was going to black out for the pleasure was that great. Reaching around so Peter could touch her tits, he went for her nipples. Suddenly, his hand was moved aside and Andre got underneath Lark and started sucking on her nipples. This was too much for Lark and she DID pass out for a few moments, coming back to the sensation, still, of Andre sucking her nipples and Peter fucking her almost hard enough she swore she could feel his cock in her stomach. 

Because Peter had already cum inside Lark's ass, he was able to fuck her cunt a longer time without cumming, but eventually, too excited by the feeling of Lark squeezing her cunt muscles continually, he ejaculated yet again. Peter pulled out of Lark and fell, with a groan, to the sheet. Lark was having too many orgasms to even think of moving, so she stayed on her hands and knees, besides, Andre was still sucking on her nipples and she didn't want it to end. 

All of a sudden, one of Peter's fingers joined his tongue inside her pussy. Then two fingers! Just when Lark was sure she would surely die, Andre gave her right nipple a final twist and then moved away. Lark fell flat on her face and cuddled with the warm sand thru the sheet. She felt truly and well fucked.