  "Of course, I'm going to clean up your dick so that I can have some, too." That was my wife explaining how she was going to finish me after she let me fuck our friend Diane again.

She fell back on the bed and I collapsed beside her. I was exhausted and couldn't wait for next week.



The next week didn't happen as planned. Diane had some things that had come up with respect to her kids, so she was too busy and going out of town. Of course, my wife Cindy was not too upset. She continued to egg on this fantasy of both of ours. I had fulfilled my first part already by Cindy telling me to fuck our friend. But the second part was Cindy watching me fuck her, and this was a fantasy of both of ours. 

Finally, about three weeks later, I came home a little late from work to find that Cindy and Diane were finishing off a blender of margaritas. It was obvious that they had planned for tonight to be the night. They were both tipsy and giggling and I could see the lust in both their eyes. They had discussed it and now were ready to put it into action. And I was not going to resist!

I smiled and just made another blender of margaritas for the ladies. They kept smirking and laughing and I finally finished with the blender. I poured myself one, topped off theirs, and sat down. It wasn't until then that they addressed me. 

Cindy smiled, looked at Diane and then back at me. "Honey, go ahead upstairs and get in bed... naked of course." That set off another round of giggles. It made me laugh, too. "We'll be right up once you are ready."

I agreed and took my margarita upstairs. I was stripped and in bed in a minute. I couldn't wait for another chance with Diane while my wife watched. My dick was already hard, just thinking of what was happening. About ten minutes later the two of them came in, carrying full margaritas. I was guessing they needed some liquid courage. They sat the margaritas down and then Cindy came over to me. 

"Honey, I have a request." She smelled like a mix of the margaritas and strawberries from her shampoo. "I want you to put your hands under your head like you are leaning back relaxing and close your eyes. We want to play a little game."

I looked at her and she was grinning mischievously. "Okay." I put my head on my hands and lay there with my eyes closed. I could hear them getting undressed and then felt the sheet that was over me ripped back.

"Don't peek now. We are going to each take a turn sucking this delicious cock here and you have to guess who was whom when we're done, okay?"

Her speech was a little slurred, and I smiled at that. "Okay, honey. Just tell me how it's going to work."

I felt them each get on one side of my legs and then I felt a warm mouth descend over my cock. It was wonderful. I could feel the woman's hair lightly swishing over my stomach and hip as she leaned over from my right side. She tickled my head and licked up and down a few times. Then she took the entire thing into her mouth and bobbed up and down, her tongue dancing against the underside. Finally, she came off my dick with a pop. I heard the giggles, but kept my eyes closed. I was evaluating the mouth. It didn't feel like my wife's and there was no real indication that I could focus on. My wife does some things that I have only felt her do and was trying to feel that. It was just the way she swirled her tongue as she sucked. It always drove me wild. This tongue was not doing that. I was just hoping that it wasn't a set up. 

"Okay, honey. That was mouth number 1. Now for mouth number 2. After this, you have to guess. If you guess correctly, you get a prize."

I wondered what the hell the prize could be since I was already living one of my greatest fantasies. In any case, I felt the second mouth take my dick into its mouth. This one was from the left and I could feel the same kind of hair tickling me. Not a good clue since they both wore their hair about the same length. This mouth worked a little harder and really swirled a tongue around my dick. This was exactly what my wife loved to do. I was really enjoying this one, too, and the idea that they were on either side of me watching each other just added to the excitement. This one also came off with a pop.

"So." A hand grabbed my dick. "Which mouth was which?" 

I smiled. "Diane was number 1 and you were number 2."

I heard giggling. "Correct. Open your eyes."

I opened my eyes and the two beauties were lying there, naked, draped over my thighs. 

"Do you want to know anything about your prize? You can't have it until later." Cindy looked at me with a gleam in her eye. Diane blushed. I wondered what that was about.

I took the 'be good to your wife' road. "Honey, if there is any greater prize than what you two just gave me, then I surely can't think of it right now. I'm just so amazed that I have two gorgeous naked babes in bed with me that I can't believe it."

My wife smiled. She knew me too well and grinned. "Good answer, smartass. In any case, you can't have it now. You'll get it later, so there." She squeezed my dick and stuck her tongue out at me.

I had to laugh. "Well, I'm trying to be on my best behavior."

"Well, you'd better be, buster." She teased me and then held my cock straight up. "Well, Diane, I think it's about time that you climbed aboard the Dennis express." 

Diane wasted no time and climbed over me, avoiding Cindy who continued to hold my dick up for her. I was surprised by this since Cindy had made it clear that she was only going to watch. When Diane got over the top of my dick, she took control of it. I wondered how wet she was, but it turned out to not be a problem. She rubbed my cock head around her opening and it was very wet. Once she got the head lubricated, she lowered herself and bounced three times, each time getting a little more. By the third bounce she had my dick buried in her and only then did my wife release the bottom of my dick. Diane felt hot, tight, and wonderful. She was a gorgeous woman. Her auburn was spilling about her face; her nice tits, with just a bit of sag, were like ripe fruits hanging here, and over it all was this smiling face, eyes closed, as she enjoyed the moment of full penetration. 

My wife, who's a beautiful brunette in her own right, crawled up around Diane and lay next to me. She looked at me. "So what do you think?"

"I think I'm in heaven having two beautiful mature women taking care of me."

My wife rose up a little. "Mature?"

I backpedaled quickly, knowing she was sensitive about her age. "I meant that I'm not dealing with sexual novices. You two really know now to please a man."

She grinned and lay back down. "Okay, I'll let that slide."

Diane started bouncing up and down a little and rocking back and forth. She was murmuring and moaning so that it came out like a cat purring. Cindy looked up at her. "She really is a beautiful woman. I wish I had her tits."

I reached over and grabbed one of my wife's B-cup tits. My wife was a small woman, she was about 5'4", 105 pounds with a small tight ass and B-cup breasts. She was still a perfect package in my mind. "I have no idea what you are talking about. You have the most beautiful tits in the world. Diane's are just different. And remember, variety is the spice of life."

Cindy smiled as I rolled her nipple. "Mmmm. You mean it's the spice of fucking!"

"What do you think about her piercing?"

I smiled. "I like it. It looks like its pretty stimulating."

Diane smiled at us. "It is. It enhances my nipple erections."

I laughed. "High beams!" I tweaked the left nipple with the little barbell.

Diane squeaked and giggled, but didn't stop riding me. My wife watched closely.

Diane started rocking and my wife leaned over and kissed me. We kissed for a minute and when we stopped and looked up, Diane was watching closely. "That looks so hot, you kissing him while I fuck him." I know that it made my dick as hard as it's been in a while.

Cindy smiled. "Just keep fucking." Then she did something that really surprised me. She reached up and tweaked Diane's left nipple with the piercing.

Diane squealed. "Oh, fuck, that went right to my pussy! Keep tweaking."

My wife looked at me and I gave her my 'go for it' look. She looked hesitant at first and then sat up next to me. Diane was slowly rocking back and forth and we were both enjoying a slow fucking. Cindy then reached up and put both hands under Diane's tits, lifting them and judging their weight. "Wow! Those feel heavy! I don't think I could carry those around all day." Diane looked like she was going to say something, but Cindy then tweaked her other nipple and Diane jerked at the sensation. Cindy looked back at me. "I think she loves the attention of a man's wife while she is fucking him." Diane groaned at the dirty talk. It seemed that they both loved that.

I put my hands on her hips and started moving her around, rubbing my pubic bone up against her clit and rotating my hips. Diane moaned again.

"Shit. That's so good. Oh, god. Thank you Cindy."

Cindy turned to me and smiled. "Thank you for what?" Cindy pushed Diane to talk dirty. 

"Thank you for letting me fuck your husband's big, hard dick!" She groaned again.

Cindy winked at me and laughed. "You're welcome, my slutty friend."

Diane kept moaning and grinned while she rocked. "Fuck you, slut. It was your idea. Ohhh."

Cindy smiled. "I am a slut. Dennis' personal slut."

"Mmmm. Can I be Dennis' personal slut, too?"

Cindy tweaked her nipple again, causing Diane to start rocking harder. "You already are, bitch, now cum on that dick so that I can get some."

Cindy sat up while Diane worked toward her orgasm. I was doing well and was not in danger of cumming too soon. Cindy looked at me and then up at Diane. "Can I try something?"

We both nodded as I think we knew where this was going. Cindy leaned forward on her knees and stared at Diane's big tits wobbling there. She was holding the left one in her hand, watching closely. I thought that was all she was going to do, but then she leaned over and gave it a quick suck, nipping at the barbell and erect nipple. Diane was watching closely and trying to hold her upper body still, but when Cindy sucked on a nipple, Diane started cumming. "Oh, fuck! Oh, shit! That's so good. Fuck... ugh... oh... ugh...." She finally quieted down and lay over on my chest.

Cindy watched closely until Diane sat up and rolled off me. "Was that okay? I didn't mean to startle you, but they looked so wonderful and inviting. I always see it in porn where one woman licks the others tits while she's riding a guy, so I was just curious."

Diane was laying there gathering herself. A smile slowly came across her face and then she looked over at Cindy. "Once you touched them, I was dying for you to do that. I wanted to see what it was like, too. It was amazing."

Cindy looked up at me questioningly and then over at Diane. "Do you want to do it to me while I'm fucking Dennis?"

Diane stared at her. "Yeah, I think I would like that."

Cindy rose up over me and started to insert my still hard dick into her. 

"Wait!" Diane held up her hand and scrambled behind Cindy. "I've always wanted to see this. Okay, I'm in position."

I could see Diane's face thru Cindy's legs. She was about 2 feet from my balls and staring up at Cindy's pussy. Slowly Cindy started working my dick into her pussy. It was always a tight fit and tonight was no exception. As she sank down, her pussy slowly engulfed my dick and Diane disappeared from sight. When Cindy got all the way down and then rose back up and down a couple of times, Diane was overjoyed.

"Wow! That's so fucking cool! I always see that on porn, but never have I seen it in real life and up so close. I can see exactly how your lips part to let him in and then how they cling to his dick as it tries to pull out. It's like your pussy doesn't want to let it go."

Cindy groaned. "It doesn't. I want him in there all the time."

Diane rose up and came around and sat on the bed to my right. She looked up at Cindy, who was now gyrating on my dick, working toward her orgasm. "Can I try sucking your nipple now?"

Cindy groaned. "Yes! Suck my tit, slut. Help me cum or you won't get any more of this... fucking... dick!" Cindy was having a hard time talking as she bounced on my dick. 

Diane reached up and felt Cindy's left tit. "Wow, it's so firm." Cindy just watched. Diane leaned over and studied the nipple up close for a second and then looked up at Cindy. They were staring at each other and Cindy watched intently as Diane leaned over. The instant her mouth touched Cindy's nipple, Cindy's eyes went wide and she moaned. Diane just started licking and sucking, trying to hold on as Cindy started bucking on me. I helped by grabbing her hips and slamming up against her. Cindy started grunting, working it on top of me. 

"Keep sucking my tit, slut. I'm going to cum all over this big dick!" Cindy was bouncing on me now and I was surprisingly not ready to cum. I was paying more attention to the ladies reaction to each other than I was to my own orgasm. Finally, Cindy jerked and held steady and I rotated my hips against her clit. At the same time she grabbed Diane's head, pinning it to her tit. Diane never stopped sucking. "Fuuuuuuuccckkkk!" Cindy finished cumming and started trying to catch her breath. Diane released her tit and sat back.

"Wow, that was so cool. My first time sucking a woman's nipple and I felt her orgasm while I was doing so."

Cindy opened her eyes, panting. "I think it was the same for me. The fact that it has supposedly been a forbidden act for all these years really heightened the sensation in our minds."

Diane agreed. "That's true. I have never played around with a woman, but just doing that while you were fucking him was great. Mind you, I'm not sure I could do any more than that."

Cindy looked at her. "No, I don't think so either... right now. But that part was great."

My eyebrows went up at that comment about 'right now'. I was going to have to keep an eye on this. Did Cindy have some bisexual tendencies? Did she want to have sex with a woman, or at least try? She winked at me when she saw my look. Very interesting!

Cindy rolled off me. "Oh, sorry honey. I forgot that you were still hard and waiting to cum. Is that what you are waiting for?" She teasingly ran her left hand up my balls and soaking wet dick.

"Yes. I'm waiting for my personal sluts to suck my dick and get me off."

Cindy grinned. "Okay, Diane, let's get this dick to erupt." Diane also grinned up at me and all I could do is put my head back and moan as they went to work.

They lay down next to each other in their original positions on either side of me. I watched. Cindy held up my dick for Diane. "You first."

Diane leaned over and licked up the side and took it all the way down once. She came back up quickly and I looked at her quizzically. "Hey!" She looked at Cindy. "You just wanted me to go first to make me taste your pussy on his dick!"

Cindy giggled. "Yep!"

Diane grinned and took hold of my dick. She smacked her lips. "Not bad. I think I like the taste of pussy on a man's dick."

Cindy looked at her. "You never went down on your husband or anyone else after fucking them? You never tasted even yourself like this?"

Diane licked my dick and shook her head. "No, never. But I kind of like it."

"Uh, ladies?" I was getting impatient. "My dick looks a little lonely there." They both giggled. "Ummm. If I could make a suggestion, I would really like to imitate that porn scene where the two women are on either side of the dick and they both run their mouths up and down the shaft. Can we try that?"

Cindy looked over at Diane and Diane nodded. I watched intently as they leaned over and acted like they were kissing either side of my dick. They started in the middle and tried to synchronize their actions so that they were running up and down my dick, jacking it with their lips. Wow! It was quite a sight! It didn't feel better than a blow job, but the image was hard to beat. I wondered what they thought as they had not even kissed yet, but their lips had to touch several times as they ran their mouths up and down my dick. I watched closely as the two brunettes moved up and down. I had been close to an orgasm for a while and this view was going to do it.

"Oh, baby... here I cum!" I announced and the two of them pulled back and Cindy jacked me off the last couple of strokes. I grunted and my cum flew up a couple of feet. She was holding it straight up and it splashed back down on my stomach. The next three spurts did the same and as each came out, they both squealed like little kids seeing fireworks going off. After four or five sports, my dick just pumped out a few more little spurts and it ran over Cindy's hand. 

"Wow!" Diane looked up and me and then back down at Cindy. "I've never watched that close up like that. It was amazing to just watch it happen." She leaned over and licked up a spot on my stomach. "Yum. Just as yummy as I remember."

Cindy smiled. "Well, then get to work, slut. My husband doesn't want to sleep with all that cum on him!" She licked the cum off her own hand.

Diane leaned over and starting licking me clean. She got almost all of it and sat up, smiling. "Yum. I think I'll like being Dennis' other personal slut."

Cindy was looking at her closely. She pointed to her own mouth. "You have some cum over on the side of your mouth."

"Where?" Diane licked around her lips.

Cindy stared at her friend and slowly leaned toward her. I don't think Diane or I were sure she was going to do it until the last second. Cindy just leaned closer and closer while the two women stared at each other. Finally, Cindy's lips met Diane's off to the right side and Cindy licked Diane's upper lip where there was some cum on it. They hesitated as she did that and stayed like that, with just their lips touching. They stared... and stared... and then Cindy moved her mouth over Diane's more directly and edged her tongue out a little. Diane opened her mouth and they went into a light exploratory kiss. It only lasted about 10 seconds, but I was enthralled with it. When they pulled back, Cindy was still starting at Diane.

Cindy finally said one word. "Wow!"

Diane actually appeared to blush a little. "Yeah, it was kind of nice. Strange, but nice."

Cindy looked at her friend. "Your mouth was so soft. The kiss was so tender. It was very different."

Diane looked away. "Yeah."

Cindy put her chin under Diane's face. "Hey, it's okay between us, right? I didn't mean to freak you out."

Diane finally looked up at Cindy. "No... I mean... well, I wasn't freaked out... well... maybe a little... but I kind of liked it. Is that okay?"

Cindy smiled. She leaned over and hugged Diane and then sat back. I could feel the tension between the two. "It's okay. You are my best friend and have been for years. I don't want to lose that for any reason. If that made you uncomfortable, I'm sorry. I guess I just got caught up in the moment, the three of us naked, in bed, our first group fuck just completed. I ...."

Diane put her hand out and up to Cindy's mouth to stop her. "Please don't apologize. I think... well, I mean... I wanted to kiss you, too. Is that weird?"

Cindy smiled and relaxed. "No, it's not weird. I've never kissed a woman before, either. I liked it with you though. Okay?"

Diane smiled. "Okay." She looked at the clock on the nightstand. "I think I'd better get going. It's after 11 and I have to go to work tomorrow. No telling how the margaritas are going to feel."

We all laughed and Diane got up, got dressed and left. Cindy and I got ready for bed and I didn't mention the kiss until Cindy brought it up when the lights were out.

"Honey, what did you think about me kissing Diane?"
