 It was around noon, my husband was at work; the kids were away for the week. I had researched on a website regarding being bi-curious, I even placed an ad. An ad for another bi-curious woman together to experience what they desire. I decided to take this golden opportunity since I was alone to call Sara a woman that had answered my ad. 

The woman who answered was perky and glad to hear from me... "Well I'm alone and I think this would be a great opportunity for me to try...can you come over now?" 

"Sure," she said..."give me an hour."

"OK," so I gave her directions and hung up the phone.

I took a shower and changed the bed-sheets and lit some scented candles that were around the bed, put on some real soft romantic music, unplugged the phones and sprayed the air with perfume.... 

There was a knock on the door... I checked myself in the mirror and went to answer the door... I was so nervous. I opened the door in walked a woman in her early 30's, shoulder length brown hair, hazel eyes and a cute smile and nice figure. I showed her to the couch and I offered her a drink - then poured us each a glass of wine. 

"So have you ever done this before?" I asked.

"No, actually I'm very nervous but yet excited." she said shyly.

We had agreed previously that we did not want to get into our private lives at this time. 

We started to hug and give soft tender kisses. We were both nervous and trembling. 

I got up and took her hand and we went to our bedroom. I put our wineglasses on the cupboard. 

"I've never done this before either... but I'd like to lead if you don't mind, I have this fantasy." 

She responded, "Its okay go ahead, I'm yours"

I stepped towards her... & starting at her top... I undid her buttons on her silky blouse.... Removed from it off her shoulders and dropped it to the floor.... I undid her skirt and pushed it to the ground. I moved closer to her, kissing her shoulders as I undid her black lacy bra...out bounced this pair of firm.... breasts, not huge but nice handfuls. Her nipples grew hard as I licked them.... I gently sucked on the left one then the right one. I held the left one and twiddled her nipple in between my thumb and finger.... 

I pulled down her panties. She was shaven...no hair at all, as I was kissing her - I gently pressed my finger against her clit and pushed it in ever so gently, just a couple times, as I continued to twiddle her nipple. I could feel her getting wet. I stopped I stepped towards her... & starting at her top... I undid her buttons on her silky blouse.... Removed from it off her shoulders and dropped it to the floor.... 

I undid her skirt and pushed it to the ground. I moved closer to her, kissing her shoulders as I undid her black lacy bra...out bounced this pair of firm.... breasts, not huge but nice handfuls. Her nipples grew hard as I licked them.... I gently sucked on the left one then the right one. I held the left one and twiddled her nipple in between my thumb and finger.... 

I pulled down her panties. She was shaven...no hair at all, as I was kissing her - I gently pressed my finger against her clit and pushed it in ever so gently, just a couple times, as I continued to twiddle her nipple. I could feel her getting wet. I stopped and moved back so she could undress me.

She took off my pants and sweater - I had no underwear on at all.... also nicely shaven by my hubby and it showed her the design he made of a heart. She smiled and told me that is so nice. She immediately leaned forward and started to suck on my large breasts. She commented that she loved the size of my breasts; she took my nipple in-between her teeth and bit hard enough for me to make a sensual noise. I could feel her tongue moving all over my nipple so the pain of her teeth was just a memory. As I was enjoying this she then slid a finger in my pussy and made me wet. 

We moved apart and smiled, "I must admit so far this is very exciting, just as I imagined it would be, and you have such a great body. Come!".... We climbed up on the bed, began to hug each other very passionately and she rested her head on my boobs while playing with my clit. 

I asked her to lie down; I kissed her neck as I slowly moved down...stopping to suck on each hard nipple, and licking her tummy. I moved her leg apart so I could lick the inside of her milky white legs; the part right up near her pussy. With one hand I opened her up exposing her pink vulnerable pussy so I could suck on her clit. 

Moving my tongue hard at the top...where I know it turns me on, I took her clit lip and nibbled on it gently and sucked hard on it as my tongue continued to play at the special spot. I licked inside her pussy, pushing in a finger, licking and sucking away... I was enjoying watching her thrash her head side to side and her eyes disappearing in her head.... Now I knew what hubby was talking about.... He often said this is what I do...! 

I dipped my other fingers into my pussy, and then moving them under her, I made small circles around her anus, I had some hand lotion ready and lubricated the tender love spot and very carefully I pushed one finger into her hole. 

I began pumping it in and out moving it around inside her then I pushed another inside her butt. I did all this as I continued to lick and suck her pussy... watching her the whole time. She placed her hand on my head and kept me in this sensual position and I knew she was enjoying herself and about to explode.

I felt her shake then suddenly a warm stream of her cum flowed onto my tongue... it was so sweet and salty...my god it was delicious... I wanted more. I reach over and grab my vibrator, I manage to put some baby lotion on it and then gently push it into her butt where my fingers were. I pump it in and out of her, slow at first then getting fast and faster.... 

And just as I had hoped I got more and more of her sweet sex juice in my mouth... I suck it up quickly and hoped for more. But she moved - sitting up and saying it's her turn. She did the same things to me...I was so relaxed I held her head in-between my legs as she fucked my pussy with her tongue.

We took turns and passionately kissing one another, this I had never imagined to be so erotic. 

We completely forgot where we were at the moment.

{Note to Reader: Now at the same time I was licking and sucking her this was going on. This is my husband's point of view.}

Due to many ongoing problems at work and the resent troubles in the US; our shipments were delayed and we were send home early. I returned home from work thinking to myself, 'great the kids are away for the whole Week, just Jackie and I at home.... And I'm so horny.' 

But as I drove into the newly paved driveway, I saw a car parked, "Hummm who could this be? The Avon man or the furnace man?" I park the car and went inside, taking off my boots and coat; I could hear soft music coming from the end of the hall - from my bedroom!!!! 

Thinking that I may have caught Jackie in the middle of an affair... I moved quietly down the hall keeping to the sides by the wall, so I could see who the man was, I needed to walk softly because the floorboards would creek giving me away. 

As I neared the door, I could hear giggling and soft-spoken moans. I peeked through the door, what I saw quickly turned my anger into sheer excitement. I saw two lovely bodies going at it, Jackie licking and sucking this other woman's pussy. 

What's that my little sex nymph is now doing... my god the vibrator...up the woman's butt...? And looks like they're loving it. 

Hmmmmmmmm I take a deep breath and slowly back up to the living room. Locking and chaining the door, the women did not see or hear me, because the music is loud enough to muffle any noise outside the bedroom. This is going to be a great show I thought to myself so proceeded to watch them 

Going back to the bedroom I took another look through the crack of the door and saw my lovely Jackie with her nipples hard as a rock and a smile on her face to die for she truly was enjoying herself. The other woman looked to be about 10 years younger around 33, firm breasts, nice ass and seemed to know how to please a woman. 

Their hands and tongues are all over the place and their moans ever so sweet like they were singing to one and other. Oh it looks like the girls were now going to trade positions and Jackie was going to get the royal treatment now. Boy that girl will not let any spot be untouched and Jackie is lickety clean. 

This woman's tongue goes in and out faster and faster her hands are holding Jackie's big boobs and her nipples were still as hard as a rock. 

I'm getting a hard on just watching them should I go in and spoil their fun? 

I realized that I was getting so hard I wanted to sit into the room and get a front row seat. ... It was more than I could bear. I went back to the living room and placed my car keys on the table, this noise startled the ladies. 

As I walked up to the bedroom I could hear the two of you hurrying under the sheets. As I opened the door both of you looked like little schoolgirls caught in the act; shy and innocent.

I said "hi!" and pretended that all was fine. Jackie started to apologize and said "I didn't expected you home so early," and I interrupted her right away by saying, "I tried to call, but the lines were busy." Jackie looked at Sara and said, "Oh shit that's right, I unplugged the phones!" 

"How long have you been home?" Jackie asked me.

I said, "Long enough to see that you ladies were having a good time, and I'm sorry I interrupted you! Is there anything I can do? Can I fill up the wine or get you something else?"

You felt relieved and said, "No thanks, we are almost done."

Looking at Sara you both knew that you were almost at your peeks and that I had interrupted the sexual height you were both looking for. 

Jackie suddenly said "You can help by arousing us so we can reach our peek" Looking at Sara for a response.

Sara's eyes lit up and a smile came across her lips.

She whispered to Jackie, "Can we make him do anything so our hands are free? Part of my fantasy is to have my sexual desires fully reached.... being by a man and a woman." 

I told hubby to get cleaned and dressed appropriately. He got cleaned and returned to the room with his fancy thong on and matching red bow tie....and awaited his instructions by the two horny lovely woman.

{NOTE to Reader: Now I'll finish my story.}

This could be a lot of fun. But we need some rules!" 

And since this becoming our fantasy coming true we set some rules, "No Cumming inside her pussy!" 

Hubby started by putting lotion on both woman and massaging them both as they were holding hands and whispering instructions to each other. Deciding how they wanted this to continue.

He climbed up on the bed we had him lay down. She wanted to be so different to how she is with her own hubby, so we decided to tie up his hands and feet... to start anyway...

She moved his thong aside, and started to suck his balls as I sat my pussy, which was dripping wet on his face for him to eat.... Her tongue moved up and down on his cock pressing hard along his major blood vein that is solid and throbbing within moments she had him hard... I asked her to turn around so her ass and pussy are closer for me, I then leaned forward my tongue diving into her sweet ass and I also fingered her pussy.

As his hard-on grew and began to pulsate she stopped, I moved to the end of the bed turned around to face hubby sliding his cock inside me and she moved to sit on his face so he could taste her sweet pussy. I squatted on his cock, moving up and down on his cock. She leaned towards and we embraced and kissed.

Our tongues touching as we both could feel ourselves Cumming. She then moved further but downwards and began licking my clit and hubby's penis as I moved faster and faster on it. This was very erotic feeling - a tongue on my clit as a cock moved in and out and hubby too said the same thing.... hubby then came. 

I climbed off of his cock but she continued to lick your cock sucking all the cum that dripped out of it, 

Sara said, "Its been a long time since I tasted man's cum...My hubby won't let me do this. And with this its mixed with her juices is so delicious." She moved over to me and licked the juices that dripped out of me.... Enjoying every drop. 

We rested a bit...but she still licked my pussy clean commenting again on the beautiful taste. She turned her body around and as she licked me clean I licked her pussy.... Again I started to finger her lovely tight ass, and grabbing the vibrator putting lotion on it... I slid it into her ass I felt her move abruptly. 

Sara asks us to stop; she needed to tell us something. "I want you both to know that my hubby and I don't have sex very often. Although I love him very much, I don't know why. But when we do, it's done and over with so fast I don't even have an orgasm. It seems that you two really know how to please each other. And well....... I was wondering......mmmmmm can you two please me?"

My hubby and I smile at each other, and tell her, that we'd be delighted. 

I untied hubby's feet and hands so he's able to give Sara the full treatment.

We make her get on all fours with me underneath her I suck on her breasts. As hubby pushes his cock into her pussy quickly he began to pump her in and out fast and faster, and I move to where the action is and lick his cock and her pussy, as he moves in and out. Then I start to finger her ass.

I now am behind them pushing the vibrator into her ass as hubby continues to pump. I start to lick his ass and finger it ... He moves and pulls his cock out of her.... Looks at me and said, "Fuck baby, keep that up and I could have broken your rule!" 

Then she looks at us and begs to have my hubby's cock in her ass... "Please Jackie, I've never had my ass fucked, my man won't do it, but I want to feel a cock there, I want to feel his cum, the burning heat inside me."

"Alright honey!" I lean towards and kiss her. My tongue prying her mouth open, suck gently on her tongue...rubbing her breasts.... I look into her eyes and say "Sara... I want you to enjoy this!"

I first start to lick her pussy and then push the vibrator deep inside her moving it in and out, as hubby pours lotion on his cock and rubs some into her ass. Making soft gentle rubs...he pushes his finger in and moves it around making room I guess. Then he pushes softly his cock into her tight ass.... Her muscles tighten right away around his firm cock, he thought it felt like they were choking him but he managed to pump it in her ass. 

As we both pumped into her two holes - I fingered her G-spot and with the tight muscles it isn't long before hubby explodes his load into her and with the vibrator in her pussy she began Cumming like Niagara Falls.

I pulled out the vibrator and licked her clean... Hubby got up and left the room to get cleaned up.

Sara and I embrace..... Holding each other very close she places her head on my breasts -- she looks up at me.... "Jackie this so wonderful... I never imagined any of this would really ever happen to me. I've experienced more today than I could ever imagine. I really want to experience this with my hubby. I want us to be closer than we are. So I'm going to try some of this tonight with him. And hopefully it will work. I just want to thank you both for this most wonderful day. You two are so amazing!"

I took her to the shower and as the warm water washed over our bodies, we embraced and our wet bodies felt like one - we kissed and sucked each others nipples and Sara says, "Could start this all over again but the kids would be home with in the hour."

I look into her hazel eyes...."Sara... I'm glad it was you that answered my ad, I don't think anyone else would have made it this beautiful...thank you for being my first woman... I do hope we can do this again...soon!"

We both laugh...then kiss again.....

Hubby looks in the room, sees the tender moments and doesn't join us.. he goes to the living room and pours another glass of wine....

As Sara leaves...we hug.....she smiles and says....."Can we meet again next week, I'm off on Thursday...." "Sure, maybe we can go shopping or something, you know a GIRL DAY".... "Sure!"

Sara gets in her car and drives away..... I turn to hubby and embrace him...saying "I love you"