 RECOVERING: ROUND TWO

MaryJane Huffman sat up at the side of the bed. Her legs dangled off the edge. 

She tried to focus. Why did she feel so glowing, so thoroughly at ease? 

To reconstruct things she went to first principles: she was a slut. Okay, that part was easy. It explained why she was naked, fully fucked and dripping cum from her cunt. That was what, ideally, would be a slut's condition. 

That explained that. But how? How had she come to be where she was. A very recent (within the past five minutes) fucking had left her dazed and disoriented. She concentrated

and 

It all came back.

The stage, the fuck, the orgasm.....oh, yes, the orgasm. It had shaken her to her roots, a full fledged totally completed orgasm. She remembered it now. And she remembered that she was on a stage and that she was surrounded by an audience.

And then she remembered Naria Surbin-Annela's announcement. Yes, that she, MaryJane Huffman—ta ta. .. was at the center of a Surbin-Annela Art Performance piece. It was titled "How Many Ways Can A Slut be Fucked? And she was the slut. And her orgasm, that magnificent cum, was the result of Way One. 

She sat up a little bit straighter. Well, Way One was one good way for a slut to be fucked, for sure. The way she had just been fucked. On a stage. In front of a crowd. By a former basketball player named Franklin Delan. Oh it had been good. A straight suck and fuck. But it had been a great suck and fuck. The good vibrations from the orgasm that had travelled up and down her body were finally fading. But MaryJane knew there was more to come. 

The lights on the stage where she was sitting dimmed. 

The lights in the bowl which surrounded the stage and where the audience was seated were gradually getting brighter. 

The assembled multitude who had witnessed MaryJane's fucking were now standing, stretching, and murmuring their thoughts to each other about what they had just witnessed and about what they guessed the second way to fuck a slut would be.

From the pool of darkness in which she was now sitting, MaryJane discerned someone approaching her. It was Ray, Ray Massey. He was carrying a heavy handful of towels, obviously to get her ready for round two. He began the task of readying her. The towels he was carrying were thick and warm. He dried her and rubbed her shoulder muscles. He gave her a sip of sweet tasting tea to drink. She felt like a fighter between rounds. 

Then she heard Naria's voice in her ear. Naria wasn't on stage with her, but her voice was as clear as could be. "Good," Naria's voice said. "Ready for "The Second Way to fuck a slut?"

MaryJane Huffman smiled, "I sure am."

############

WAY TWO

It was already wonderful. Way Two been underway for only a few minutes, but it seemed as every nerve of MaryJane Huffman's body was alive and on fire. Three men were engaged over her as she lay on the platform. 

MaryJane could only tell that they were large men and that they were well hung. And she knew that, whatever else, they were expert at what they were doing. 

Gentle hands were oiling her body. The men were nude, as she was, and she watched their swinging cocks as they moved around the platform in a well choreographed series of movements. A man moved from her leg to begin oiling her side from hip to neck. As that man moved, one of the other men took his place at MaryJane's leg and massaged it, gripping and squeezing and then each hand compressing the skin and muscles, his hands emollient, restorative. Her breasts were being kneaded. Their nipples touched. One of the men was rubbing her stomach.

She was feeling rested, good. And, of course, she was feeling libidinous, hungry to be fed a cock into her cunt.

MaryJane reached out to touch one of the men's cocks. It was just hanging there, not hard yet, flaccid, but still heavy and inviting. As she touched it, she felt its smooth shaft begin to harden. The thought that if she was able to get it fully erect, he would start to fuck her, give her what her body was beginning to so badly need.

But, the man gripped her hand and put it down on the table. "We do the work. You relax," the man said. "Wait." He added, smiling. 

Apparently, she thought, she would have no control of the situation. What the heck, MaryJane decided, she would just 'go with the flow.' First, she really had no choice in the matter. And, secondly, last time she had been without control things had worked out very well. 

The men were doing their work with what MaryJane Huffman could only regard as a well practiced expertise, so she heeded the man's advice. 

She relaxed, stopped thinking, and let the three well hung men continue their manipulation of her body, and, you know, it felt pretty good, pretty good indeed.

They were working wonderfully. One of them was standing behind her, massaging her shoulders. His hands squeezed, held and pulled. They pressed and massaged. She felt her shoulders completely at ease. And then the feeling spread to her neck. It moved up to her jaw line. It spread down to her upper chest and upper arms. She could feel her breasts flush and her nipples harden. All of that from one guy standing behind her with his prick hanging down. She could turn her face and catch a glance of the heavy organ as it hung loosely, swinging easily behind her ear, looking so delicious.

This was beginning to feel hot, very hot. MaryJane could feel her pussy getting wet. She felt her clit getting hard again.

Meanwhile, the second man was pushing the palm of one hand hard against her stomach. The heel of his hand, pulled the stomach upwards towards her chest, the pull reaching all the way to her groin area. The steady pull was drawing her sheath up, away from and freeing her clit. At the same time his other hand cupped her vaginal area but stayed still, didn't move at all. His hand just remained there, doing nothing but protecting her bush, her vulva, her cunt from view, from other stimulation, keeping her groin area separate from anywhere, anyplace else.

MaryJane was unable to stop her breathing from becoming deeper, faster, oh my god, louder. She thought that the gasping sounds she made as she inhaled could be heard at the top rows of the arena. 

The third man's hands gripped her calves. The flats of her feet were braced against his bare thighs. As he pulled her calves, she felt her thighs stretch taut from where they met her torso. She felt the tautness all the way to her toes. 

While her body was being pulled, pushed, stretched and relaxed, MaryJane fell into a feeling of calm and surrender. She was ready for whatever these wonderful men would do to her body!

Then, the man whose hand had been cupping her groin area moved the hand up towards her face. She was shocked, shocked, as, suddenly, she began to inhale an odor. Oh, my god, she thought, It was the odor of sex, her sex. The sharp, fulsome smell drifted into her nostrils; it invaded her being and added to the excitement that was permeating her body, that was swelling her breasts, wetting her cunt, causing the firm finger of her tingling clit to throb and ache for a touch. 

MaryJane Huffman, for certain, recognized the smell of her sex. But this odor was something more. She wondered if the men's pheromones were floating from them and mixing with her own smell to get her this excited. Pheromones. She remembered those days when she was still a teacher at Holy Mother of God High and how, in a small crowded classroom, with the male seniors dressed in their cadet uniforms she would walk the room's narrow aisles only to be assailed by the smells of those aroused young men. It was more than pheromones though. The smells then were so mixed.....sweat, deodorant, soap, dried cum, hair spray, shampoo and, of course, those powerful pheromones. And, of course, those amazing erections they all seemed to be showing all the time and that she couldn't stop from seeing. 

She hadn't as yet , those days, come to terms with her own slutishness, but her body had reacted, she remembered, by throwing out its own wet effluvium, her sweet, fulsome smell of sex and mixing it with that of the boys', and turning the classroom into a box of restrained sexual energy. She recalled her wild masturbating between classes, after classes, in her car, at home.

Those memories invaded her consciousness now. Her chest began heaving up and down and her being felt itself centered at her cunt. She tried desperately to move her hand to touch her shivering clit, but, once again, the man massaging her stomach held her hand and kept her from touching the tender, swollen, unsheathed, upright, throbbing clitoris which needed so much to be touched.. 

"Wait," he lowered his face close to hers and whispered into her ear.

She was not in pain, rather, she felt an exalted sense of excitement. Her body was rabid for relief. She was so in need of release from the sexual tension that she wanted to scream. 

Her vision blurred; her thinking became scattered; her nerves were on fire. She couldn't think a coherent thought. She was able to think only in images. Pictures of cocks were rampant around her. The cocks were tumescent and stunted, large and small, thick and thin. Pictures of her own cunt covered by her thick bush, images of her cunt lips opened, a likeness of her glistening pink vagina exposed, pictures of her tits, of her mouth sucking on a cock, pictures of cum splashing from a cock and onto her stomach---all of those pictures flashed through her mind. 

Then she felt the man's face closer to hers. His mouth was just brushing against her lips. She felt his tongue between the closed lips of his mouth just touch her lips and wet them.

She needed his cock, ANY COCK!!!!!

But all that was forthcoming was his tongue, now out from between his lips and intruding into her mouth.

Suddenly, his hand pressed down onto the simmering mound that was her cunt. 

His finger entered her soaking wet cunt. The heel of his palm pushed down against her clit. He kissed her on the lips. She felt his fingers curve inside of her cunt finding her G spot as the knuckles of his hand followed the fingers inside her cunt, filling her there. She felt hands all over her body, everywhere, squeezing and touching. She was being kissed on her lips, in her mouth, at her breasts and at her thighs.

And then:

And then:

She was coming!!!! And......

She let out an ear splitting scream of pure release, an exhaled expression of pleasure! 

Her scream increased its decibel volume so that it filled the stage and the auditorium. 

And it didn't lessen. It grew in strength as she shuddered, shook and trembled, yelling out a homage to the orgasm that was going on and on and on and on and on. 

She yelled more. Her scream lasted, it must have been half a minute before its intensity weakened and it lowered in decibels.

And, as her out outcry eased itself into a low, throaty groan and then a deep moan of pleasure, the witnesses to her pleasure, the men and mostly women sitting in their seats in the oval surrounding the stage, began to clap and shout themselves, applauding in a wave of exuberance that continued past even the time it took MaryJane to return to a near normality from the volcanic eruption of her orgasm.

Then MaryJane Huffman had just enough strength left to lift her knees and spread her thighs as she felt one of the men approach between her spread legs and begin to slide his enormous cock into her cunt and begin to fuck her. 

The crowd in the auditorium began a rhythmic clapping. Each of the three men who had massaged her to orgasm now took a turn sliding his cock deep into her vagina as she moaned and growled in profound delectability. The crowd's applause continued as the men went on with their deep penetration of MaryJane's cunt and as she uninterruptedly came and came and came some more. 

#########

MORE

WAY THREE

MaryJane Huffman had been as satisfied as a person could be after she had experienced WAY TWO. Her body was tinged pink and glowing as only a well-fucked young lady's body could be. Her mind was quiet and easy. Her muscles were relaxed and rested. Her soul, or whatever ineffable human condition one could describe as a soul, was content and at peace..

Way Three, which was now underway in the little theatre, was absolutely nothing like the previous sex. At the moment, MaryJane Huffman lay on the platform. She was surrounded by five men. She held the large cock of two of the men, one in her left and the other in her right hand and was maniacally pulling on each. At the same time she sucked on the large cock that filled her mouth. One other cock stuffed her cunt and pummeled its way in and out. The fifth cock was buried in her ass, a squishing sound accompanying its piston like movement into and outof of her ass.

(The next chapter of "What Am I Doing Here" is pending. Its submission to Literotica by next week is dependent on demand.) Please Vote.