 The following story is split into three chapters as it describes three separate events that I was lucky enough to be a part of. The first two do also contain some mild male bisexual activities during mmf 3sum sex and if you are bigoted enough to be outraged by this please do not read any more and get offended. This is the last chapter and describes an orgy that I was invited to. I do not have the imagination to make things up and this is an absolutely true account of what happened that week and was written to remind me of how good life can be. 



Saturday evening came, and despite not having a Toga (as my entire luggage had been packed), I drove to meet Peter and Tina. With them was Dee, a bubbly blond forty something. I had never met Dee before but knew that she was an old swing friend of Peter and Tina. Both Dee and Tina were in full toga gear. Long white robes elegantly tied round their midriff with a purple sash in Dee's case and a pink one for Tina. Each wore a crown of laurel leaves, or if I am to be honest, the leaves from the garden hedge! Both were bright eyed and very animated and obviously looking forward to the evenings activities. Peter had a tunic, sandals with a leather cord that wrapped up to his mid thigh and short leather tunic and he looked the part of a roman centurion. I have described Tina before and she looked fabulous and this was mainly due to her dazzling smile and her obvious zest for life. It lights up her whole personality and I couldn't wait to bask in her sunshine. Dee, their friend, was also in a great mood. She was easy to chat to as we had a quick glass of chilled Cabernet Sauvignon and were introduced to each other. It may seem odd, but prior to having sex with a stranger, the last thing people talk about is anything sexual. I suppose there is no need to try to arouse or tease your partner as everyone knows what is going to happen. No, at the first initial meeting we chat about mundane matters almost as you would at any cocktail party, so as to get to know each other and I found Dee easy to chat to. 

Also, as I explained earlier, it was not as though Dee and I were expected to start off having sex at the party. Peter, Tina's husband was taking Dee, and I was partnering Tina. Soon it was time to go, and rather than take 3 cars, we all piled into Pete's BMW, which solved the drink drive issue for 3 of us.

A quick drive up the motorway brought us to a small, exclusive, very luxurious estate. Although each house was on a fairly large lot, about half to an acre in size, the parking outside on the road was limited. This was a very busy do, and there were obviously lots of cars parked along the road leading to their house and we had to park some way away, so as not to block anybody's driveway. Grabbing the bottles of wine that we had bought we locked the car and set off to the party.

The hostess welcomed us at the door and greeted Peter and Tina like long lost friends. I suppose as she was back and forth to the door she was not dressed too provocatively unlike the scene that awaited inside. 

The first impression was that this was very elegant. Classical music was playing softly. It provided an atmosphere that was both sophisticated and stylish. It was not too loud and so the guests were able to chat easily without having to raise voices. There was an air of opulence and it was easy to imagine that we were joining a roman orgy. Everyone, (except me) was dressed up and some of the outfits were fabulous. One couple shared a Toga, it was cut vertically down the middle of the toga front and back. He wore the left hand side and she wore the right. Neither had anything else on and the effect when they stood side by side was amazing. Another woman was dressed up immaculately except she had nothing on below her belt. Unusually she was unshaved and had a mass of pubic curls that hid her sex but the effect was very erotic, as she unashamedly displayed herself.

The house and gardens were stunning. Tina wanted to have a cigarette and so I took her outside into the manicured garden. Groups of people were chatting and laughing and some were obviously friends getting reacquainted. A path led past a small waterfall through some trees to a tributary of the Thames where a small motor yacht was moored to a jetty. Concealed lighting lit everything and even the music was playing outside. Our host was a nuclear physicist and obviously was doing very well for himself.

People go to a lot of effort to organise these sorts of parties and there are obviously rules of the house. Here, in keeping with the refined ambiance, all the rules had been written in Latin (and mock Latin) and posted on the walls so there were things like "Non fumigans intus", "Non Imbibe altus", "Succurre tibi ad bibit" and "Non vestes thalamus". Helpfully, for the peasants among us, the English translation was provided below. (No smoking inside please, No drinking upstairs, Help yourself to drinks, No clothes in this bedroom).

After Tina had her cigarette by the river, we returned to the house through the large open French doors that led into the main open plan kitchen garden room. Soon after we entered, our host, to facilitate the start of the evening's action, announced that the upstairs bedrooms were now ready and open for those that wanted to play. (Previously the stairs had been roped off). While everyone who attends the evening knows what they are there for, there are also very strict rules governing behaviour. The main one is that "No means No", so although there may be a naked woman in front of you, you should not touch her at all until some sort of agreement is given. A nod, a smile or any indication is acceptable but even the slightest shake of the head, or negative sign with the eyes means "No" and men must back off without making any sort of comment or protest. Having said this I have yet to come across any incident where this has been an issue.

Couples started to make their way upstairs, and as Tina and I were towards the back of the room, we sat down and shared a glass of ice cold wine as the others sorted themselves out. Soon we were almost the only ones downstairs and so made our way upstairs discarding our shoes downstairs as requested by our hosts.

The sights and sounds that greeted us would arouse the most frigid of people. Piles of clothing were discarded randomly and couples and groups of people were everywhere. Tina and I made our way to the main bedroom and there was really no room for us. The oversized main bed had one group of four and another couple on it. At the bottom of the bed was a large padded ottoman and a woman was stretched out on top of it on her back. She was totally naked and her head was thrown back over the end and her partner had his cock in her mouth. Peter and Dee were on the floor, side by side spooning, Peter was naked but Dee still had her toga on, although it was bunched up under her breasts and Peter was already inside Dee and they were moving with a familiarity that showed they were not new lovers. Tina went across and kissed her husband and we moved to the other side of the room as it was the only part of the room that was free. 

Tina and I were standing up and she moved into my arms. We did not need to rush and I revelled in the feel of her body pressed against mine. She hung her arms around my neck as I ran my hands down her back and moved in to kiss and nuzzle her neck. Nibbling her ears sent shivers through her and I undid the two clasps on her shoulders that held her toga on. 

We separated slightly so her toga could drop and pool around her ankles. She was totally naked now in a room full of naked people and it was very erotic. I held her tight, pressing my hands aside her body and moved my hands up and down the side of her body. As I got higher, I moved to caress her breasts and at the same time she pressed herself against me, squashing my hands between us. I could feel her nipples hard and firm, showing she was a woman in the mood for sex.

Tina then took my hands and placed them by my side. I was the only person who was not in a state of undress and Tina slowly undid my shirt buttons while playfully slapping my hands if I moved them. She eased my shirt off and then cast it aside. She sank to her knees and started to unbuckle me. With my belt undone, she very so slowly unzipped me and then she eased my trousers down and motioned me to step out of them. Standing in just my white boxers, in a room full of naked people having sex and a gorgeous women keeling in front of me with her face inches from me, I defy anyone not to be rampant. I certainly was and my erection was jutting out of the top of my boxers and leaking copious amount of precum. Without removing my boxers, and holding my hands at my sides, Tina leaned forward and with the tip of her tongue she teased that most sensitive of spots on the underside of my cock just below the helmet and then ever so slowly she moved her tongue to the dribbles of clear precum leaking from me. 

With a sample on her tongue, she stood up, pressing herself against me as she did so, and then kissed me, swirling her tongue around my mouth, coating me with my juice. Oh god this was erotic. She still wouldn't let me move my hands from my side, and after our kiss, she held onto the sides of my boxers and sank down again. As she descended she lowered my pants and on her way to kneeling she swallowed me on her way down. The sensations coursed through me as she sucked me and my senses were almost on overload. It was like watching a live porn show with everything going on around me and here I had, a wonderful woman, pleasuring me in the most exquisite way possible. Life does not get much better than this!

I moved to caress her head as she sucked me and I withdrew her and tilted her head back so I could look into her eyes. They were wide open and shining with desire and she looked so beautiful and I knelt so I could kiss her again. I could taste myself as we kissed and she shuddered as I eased her back onto the floor.

This was the first time this evening that I really had a chance to look at her in all her naked glory and I revelled in the view. On her back, her breasts stood proudly on her chest and her nipples were like two sharp points. Kneeling between her legs I prised them open a little more, to make her display of nakedness even more wanton, and I could easily see she was aroused. Her lips were engorged and there was a glistening on them as though she had been oiled. 

I moved forward so that my erection was vertical, along the length of her sex. She immediately reached to grab me and feed me into her, but this time I withdrew and removed her hands. I placed them over her head, which had the added advantage of displaying her breast more. I told Tina to keep her hands there and I resumed my position. As I placed my erection outside, along the length of her pussy, I could feel the heat emanating from her and I was immediately coated in that delicious slippery liquid that only comes from a woman at the peak of sexual desire. I moved up and down along the length of her and she again tried to grab me and guide me into her, but again I moved her insistent hands away and back over her head. 

With Tina lying on her back, I moved her legs so they folded up. Her knees near her chest. She was quite open in this position and her pussy was just in the right position for me to rub my helmet up and down the length of her. As I moved my cock down, I would press it into her so that over half my girth was inside her. She would be moving to try and sheathe me but gripping my erection I was able not to let that happen. Tina does get very aroused and by using my hand to move my cock, I was able to stimulate her vagina by massaging all around her pussy and as I used it to rub her clit, she came for the first time. It was very sudden and I know Tina squirts sometimes and this was one of those times. She screamed as though she was in pain and a forceful jet of her liquid covered me. I love when this happens, as it does marvels for my moral, but we were on the carpet and I did not want to make a mess, so I had to stop. 

One couple was getting up from the bed, and so, I suggested to Tina we join the others there. There were two couples on the bed now and still the ottoman was occupied by the woman lying supine on her back but with her partner standing and his cock in her mouth and her arms over her head gripping his buttocks. As we moved from the floor a man stopped to look at her and she did look desirable. Her breasts were thrust up and her nipples were pert and her legs were slightly open, giving him a view of her pussy. She was unaware of this man's presence but her partner indicated with a gesture of his hand, his palm upwards and waving over her body, she was that available to be used. There was no finesse, but as he moved between her legs and she spread her legs wider, opening herself. He pointed his cock down and put it at the entrance to her pussy and then in one movement sank himself into her. She let out a long grown and continued to fellate her partner and gripped him closer as the new man moved inside her. 

The whole scene was very erotic to watch but my focus was really on Tina and she was settling down on her back next to another couple. We had come down from the height of our coupling on the carpet and as she lay back she smiled her dazzling smile and invited me on top of her. We fit together quite well and as I lay on top of her, I entered her smoothly and it was a moment of intimacy as we kissed and just revelled in the feeling of each other. For me, it was the contrast of her soft breasts against her hard nipples pressing against my chest. The sublime feeling of being sheathed deep inside her warm, very wet and tight pussy and her muscles pulsing as she gripped me intermittently, and her soft mouth against mine. 

We moved around to get a little more comfortable. The other couple that was next to us was in a missionary type position, but the man was holding his whole body above hers, and the only point of contact was where their genitals met. He was moving smoothly in and out of her and she had her eyes closed and an expression that looked like the cat that had got the cream. 

Tina is bisexual and as we settled next to this couple I took her hand and guided it to the woman's breast. The woman opened her eyes and I swear she purred as she saw Tina caressing her. It was not that easy for Tina, as she was on her back, so she said "doggie" to me. I withdrew from her....oh that sweet denial....and Tina turned over. As I re-entered her she leaned forward and started to suckle the woman on the bed. 

Her partner obviously approved of this and began to move faster, positioning the whole length of his erection into her. I on the other hand was still inside Tina, enjoying the sensations of being fully inserted and with the extra stimulation of watching what was going on around us.

Tina continued to lick and suck the woman's breasts, and then, with one hand, she caressed her body and moved her hand down to the union of the couple. As Tina approached her mons, she spread her fingers and the man stopped. Tina felt him and caressed her, dipping a finger into her and then spreading her juices along him. He obviously approved and started to move again, with Tina gripping him as he fucked his partner. It looked as though he lost control, and he started to pump faster and he threw his head back and bellowed and orgasmed deep in her cunt.

Tina stopped paying attention to the woman's breasts and still gripping the man, she milked the last of his essence from him as he softened. As she pulled him out she leant forward and took his cock in her mouth to clean him. God it looked so sexy as she cleaned the traces of their juices off him. When satisfied that he was clean, she released him and he got up off the bed. The woman remained, a glow of satisfaction on her, and she said thank you to Tina and Tina leant and kissed her. She threw her arms round Tina's neck and as they were busy, I withdrew again from her and moved round the bed to the woman. I caressed her legs and she spread them a little. I kissed her calves and then licked up the inside of her legs and she opened them wider. 

She was shaved and her pussy looked divine. She was still on a sexual high as was obvious by the state of her pussy, her lips engorged with blood and sheen of her juices all around her sex, as though she had been oiled. There was only a small pearl of cum visible between her lips but this has to be the most erotic view in the world, a woman on heat and enjoying her body.

I continued to lick up her legs and as I approached her pussy my intentions were obvious. She broke free from the kiss with Tina to look at me. I looked up to see her watching, and she said "Oh sweet Jesus ....oh that's nasty....oh no....oh please....ohhhhhh". As I parted her lips with my tongue she threw her head back and forced her pussy up to meet my mouth. I love the taste of a woman post orgasm and this one was no different. I pointed my tongue between her lips and as I moved to her clit, I collected that pearl of cum and using the tip of my tongue I massaged it around her nub. She went off like a rocket and again, for a man, this makes it all worthwhile. She bucked and writhed on the bed and I had to grip her tightly to keep in contact and she hollered and yelled out. I kept going until she pleaded for me to stop and she caught her breath.

"It is not often that I get to do something new" she said, "but that was just so nasty....I loved that."

I chuckled, "Well, there is still a little left if you want me to finish the job." I replied.

"Ummmm" she moaned, "OK, but I am very sensitive there at the moment, let me straddle you."

Who can refuse an offer like that and I lay down on my back, and she straddled my chest and then moved so that her pussy was just above my mouth. She looked divine and she lowered herself so I could lick her, and if it got too sensitive she could raise herself up to slow things down. I feasted on her and licked as far as I was able inside her. Gravity meant a little more of the cum dripped out and I cleaned that too, her taste was delicious and she seemed to be in a world of her own as I performed for her.

In this position, I could not see Tina, but I felt someone grasp my erection and then felt that unmistakable sensation of being taken orally and I assumed that it was her. We three stayed in this position for a while and I certainly felt I was the lucky one being the centre of a sandwich. 

Before long, the woman above me (and I never got to know her name), lifted off me. As she dismounted she bent down and kissed me and said "Thank you, that was wonderful." But in reality the pleasure was all mine. I looked up and I got a shock as I saw Tina was with the other couple on the bed and it was not Tina sucking me but Anna. 

Now I have always wanted to play with Anna. She is in her 40's and I have seen her a few times at other parties. She is tiny. She is immaculate with very feminine shoulder length blond hair framing her elfin like face. She has an all over tan and her body is with doubt her best feature. She has not an ounce of fat on her and her body is taut and lithe. She has tiny breasts, which happen to be my favourite, and she is almost flat chested. I doubt she has ever worn a bra unless it is to cover her nipples which poke out from tiny aureole. Her nipples when aroused stand proud. She is shaved and mons seems to obtrude and that highlights her sex, which, like her body, is tiny. The lips are neat and hardly protrude and there is a hint of her clitoris under her covering hood.

I have desired Anna from the first moment I had seen her at another party. The closest I had come to her was at one party where Tina wanted to watch her husband Peter with Anna. We moved onto the dais they were on and cuddled each other while Tina watched them. Following Peter's orgasm, before Anna went to clean up, Anna reached across and took hold of me and took me in her mouth. "Ummmm" she said, "I will come back for more of this." However, as happens at these do's, it never happened.
