 "You really want to do this?" Robert asked his wife of four years. As he looked at her with some doubt in his mind. 

They were laying in their king size bed, relaxing after a great love making session. They made love almost every evening, some times in the morning also. She would wake him with her hot, moist lips wrapped around his stiffening cock. Sucking and encouraging it large enough to have it fill her hungry pussy. Both of them were gluttons when it came to sex. Both very, very oral. The only thing better than fucking is sucking, then fucking more.

Snuggling close to him, she whispered. "Yes, I know you love me as much as I love you and we wouldn't cheat on each other but seeing you dancing with Sue while I was dancing close with Jim got me slightly excited. Later when Sue joked about us four having sex together I started thinking that it might be a bit of fun."

"You know I think she is a doll, lots of fun, sexy I know they both flirt and carry on a bit but I don't know about having sex with them."

"Well, I have to confess that while we were dancing Jim pulled me in close and I could feel his hard cock against my leg. That got me excited and then he slowly moved his hand up and caressed my breast. That really got my juices flowing."

"He did that? And you let him? Why?"

"Hell honey, we both have fooled around a little bit. Remember the evening I caught you and Sue kissing in the kitchen and you with your hands down between her legs. I went back to Jim and kissed him and felt his cock to get even. We both enjoyed that. Right? And we always flirt and tease with them. You always stare at her big tits as if you want to grab them."

"OK, I know that we have often fantasized about a three-some or more-some a few times while we were screwing. Or pretended you were getting fucked by a stranger, but I never thought you would be interested for real. Are you? You want to have another man fuck you? Would you really want to see me fuck another woman?"

"Yes, I would love to watch you fuck some other woman, at least once. Just to find out if group sex is as good as some say. Sue told me her and Jim switched with another couple once and it was a do-again. They both had lots and lots of sexy fun. We have been good friends for a long time haven't we?" Then she added. "What are friends for."

"You talked about swapping with her? She really told you they have been having sex with another couple? WOW!"

"Sue stopped in this morning and while we had coffee she asked if we ever fucked around on each other or ever thought about doing it. I told her no, we both had a few different sex partners before we met but none since. That we were mostly satisfied with our sex life. Then she dropped the bombshell."

"Jim would like to have sex with you." She said. "And I would like to have Rob fuck me. We would like to swap partners with you two. I ‘ve had the hots for Rob for a long time and Jim wants to fuck with you. I know this surprises you but I think you both would enjoy some sexy playing around."

"WHAT? You and Jim? You really mean this?" June asked Sue. "What makes you think that we would be interested in something like that?"

"Well, we have been good friends for a long time, have flirted and teased about sex a lot. I think we could enjoy sex together, all at once. You and Jim and me with Rob."

"Rob and I tease about things like that but never really considered it for real. Have you and Jim ever done it before? Have sex with others?"

"Yes." Sue told me. "Once with a couple we both know. We spent a few days at their house and had sex all weekend. Never got dressed the whole time, stayed naked and fucked and sucked in every room in the house. It was fantastic. I never had quite so much sex in one night or enjoyed it more. After that time with them Jim and I talked about finding another couple to be with and we thought of you."

"Somebody we both know? Who?" Rob asked.

" I asked her but she wouldn't tell. She said that we might someday find out."

At first Rob was shocked but as they talked he got to thinking about some of their fantasies about watching each other get fucked and really wondering if they could do this. It might be fun. It's been a long time since he had been with another woman. His cock started rising as he thought about fucking Sue. He knew he really would like to see June suck a strange cock or get fucked. His cock was hard now.

"I told Sue that I would discuss it with you and let her know. You would like to fuck her? Wouldn't you? Would you like to watch me suck Jim's cock and swallow his hot cum. You want to kiss her nice titties?"

Would he dare tell her the truth. That he would love to have Sue in bed. To eat her pussy and fuck her half the night. And that he would even like to watch her take Jim's cock deep in her hot pussy while he fucked his wife Sue. Thinking about some of the possibilities his cock hardened "OK hun, I'm game if you are, set things up for this weekend if you can and we can have a small orgy."

"Wonderful, I'll call her." Saying that June took hold of his throbbing, hard cock, wrapped her lips around and started sucking it. He had cum just a short time ago but their talk had gotten Rob's cock stiff again. Especially with thoughts of fucking Sue. 

June stopped sucking long enough to say. "Just pretend I'm Sue sucking your cock." Then went back to giving a fantastic blow job. 

June sucked and licked on his cock, pretending It was Jim's. Sucking and sucking, using her tongue skillfully. She tasted pre-cum and soon was rewarded with a mouth full of savory, hot love juice. Holding a mouth full, then slowly swallowed most of his seed.  Slowly licking her way up Robs body, kissing his stomach, nipples, neck, chin. June finally reached his mouth and kissed his parted lips. Swapping tongues she shared the taste of his cum with her man as they had done so many times before. Finally done they said good nite and slept to dream of sex with their friends.