 This is the penultimate chapter of "What Am I Doing Here?"

The Next Morning, 7 a.m.

MaryJane Huffman woke up ready to be fucked. Better, to be fucked by guys pulling a train on her. Better yet, the guys would all be black and well hung.

Up until three months ago, the only sex she had enjoyed for over three years was with her dildo and vibrator. Now, here she was happily thinking about seven cocks fucking her one at time. And they were big fat black cocks. 

It would happen a few hours from now. She could feel that her body preparing itself for the fucking. Her tits were tight, her nipples hard, her clit swollen and her cunt wet..

Mrs. MaryJane Huffman, slut, felt gooooooood. Mary Jane, slut, felt very good. Mrs. Huffman, slut, felt extremely good. Yes, Mrs. Huffman, who taught English to the students in the all-male Holy Mother of God High School, was a slut and she was ready!

She stood naked in front of her bathroom's full length mirror and admired her body. It was a body worth admiring. 31 years old, but her body was still as hard as it had been when she had run track in college. Her legs were long and trim, her thighs muscled, just heavy enough, but sleek. Her labia were just visible behind her thick bush of brown pubic hair, and the cunt lips swelled to show their fleshy pink color. She could see the hint of dewy wetness that glistened in the pink and that signaled her arousal. Her abdominals were taut and trim. Her pert round breasts were dainty but solid. 

She turned and looked over her shoulder, the better to inspect her behind in the mirror. Nice. Her ass was saucy enough, presenting two rounded globes of sweet and lush feasts

for staring eyes. Her ass curved out from her slim waist so that a man walking behind her and watching its saucy bounce was guaranteed to get a hard on. 

Yes, things were good. She was feeling well rested, well refreshed, and well fucked. The sex she had experienced the past days and weeks had left not even the slightest trace on her body or on her appearance. 

If anything, it had imparted a healthy glow to her skin.

But, best of all, her modesty, the trepidation she had felt about succumbing to her libidinous urges had all but disappeared. Her need to deny the lust she felt was gone. She had finally accepted that she was a horny person, more, that she was in need of and that she looooved good sex from anyone and anywhere------that she was an out and out total slut

Still looking at the mirror, she stretched her arms out over her head in a V for victory sign, just as she had after winning a 1500 meter race in college and smiled a wide smile that illuminated her beautiful face.

It was amazing what two nights of sound sleep did for her. Fresh, rested, ready, she was prepared for the fucking of her life later this morning. 

She was, finally, all alone in her condo apartment. After they had practiced for a while to get her more comfortable with anal fucking, she sent Harold McCarthy on his way last night, locked her door, showered, and slept the sleep of the just. Although she had set her alarm for eight a.m., she had been awake, lying in bed hours before, eyes closed as she imagined scenes from the fuck train she would be pulling later today, big fat cocks in her cunt, her mouth, her ass, her hands, big fat black cocks. 

Mary Jane Huffman was going to do it. She was going to show up at Leroy and Marquise's house for her royal gangbang. It would be the final confirmation of her sluthood. 

Harold McCarthy had described for her last night while they had fucked everything that would happen after she got to Leroy and Marquise's place. Harold, her former student was her mentor about matters of sex. At least he had been last night. He had, while his cock rested in her cunt, explained what would happen at the gangbang. He told her that the guys would fuck her one by one, pull a train, he called it. Harold had lied to her many times in the past, but she chose to believe him last night. While his prick was in her cunt or in her mouth or in her ass, he told her about the guys who would be there. He said that the guys did it because they thought that sluts were the reason the Earth was round. They loved sluts and wanted to welcome them into sluthood. So had Harold told her.

Mrs. Huffman hadn't been sure until last night, until, after some practice anal and, actually, while she and Harold had been engaged in a mutual satisfying sixty-nine, that she would go ahead and do it!

Doing the gangbang would initiate her into the world of sluthood, the world of those women who loved sex and loved getting fucked and who weren't afraid to admit to themselves their need and their happy acceptance of that need. 

For so many years, ever since her divorce, she had denied her sluthood, refused to admit even to herself how much she craved fucking. Last night, while debating in her mind whether to accept the proposal for a train pulling gang bang, she had realized how her previous refusal to accept her slutty nature had caused her, at the end, to fall into the snare set by her former students, become a victim of their blackmail and end up as their unwilling, cum bucket. Now, Mrs, Huffman thought, she would never have to get involved in the stupid games of saying no when she should have been saying yes, of denying when she should have been affirming.If she decided to become a cum bucket, it was because she wanted to do it, not some 18-year-old students who had richparents. 

She realized that acknowledging her sluthood to herself would let her control her urges. 

Three eggs, two slices of bacon, toast, and a big mug of coffee were in front of her on the table and she dug in, ate with relish. As she ate, she considered how she should dress for the event.

She wanted to look good wasn't the right word. She wanted to look bad, but good. The last time she had been to the house, she had been wearing her cum splattered, creased dress and hadn't washed in nearly two days. Today, at least she would be washed and clean.

What she wore would have to be perfect. No underwear, that went without saying. Her tailored white tee shirt was it, that was what she would wear. She had bought it several years ago on impulse, but had not worn it except to try it on in her apartment. It was made of knitted silk and clung to her body. Her nipple and aureole were clearly outlined through the material. It would hug tightly to the curve of her ass. It was long enough to reach down only two or maybe three inches below her crotch, revealing nearly all of her long legs. Of course, for shoes her four inch stiletto heels. They were, after all, her fuck me shoes and would perfectly set off the curve of her ass.

Yes, acknowledging to her self that she was a slut sure made getting dressed easy.

    ***************

It had taken her way too long to admit her slutiness to herself. 

Harold had recognized that she was a slut the first time he had seen her, as soon as she had walked into his junior year high school English class. Still, it had taken more than a year in a half for him and his pals to get her in a situation where they could fuck her. But, even as she had cum and cum again while they were fucking her she had refused to admit to her self that she wanted their cocks.

Her pussy had begun to get wet the second she smiled at them, her four students sitting on the porch outside their motel room and waving at her as she ran by. She was wet and she was horny. She had stopped and walked over to speak with them. Hell, the reason she had walked over was that she wanted to prove to herself that this group of 18year-old boys in military uniforms could never get her horny enough for her to lose control. That's what she told herself.

When she had walked over to them, that was the first step on her trip to later this morning and her going to get fucked by seven big black cocks. 

She remembered that night at the motel. She remembered that it had been a mardi gras celebration. She had held her back out straight so as to push her breasts forward. She walked by placing the heel of her foot after each step she took directly in front of where the toe of her last step had trod, accentuating the undulating curve of her ass as she walked. She told herself that it would make them respect her more if they saw her as a hot mama. 

She had been assigned as a chaperone for the class's trip to the state capital mardi gras celebration. Somehow she had been separated from the other chaperones. She ended up at a room in another wing of the motel. The guys had a room in a separate wing. She had been out for her regular evening run when she had seen them and they had waved to her and she had taken those steps. 

They had been so polite and respectful. Even that jerk, Harold McCarthy, was being polite and respectful. She mused that because she was looking nice and sexy the boys were being nice and respectful. She was wearing basketball style shorts and a loose tee shirt and sneakers. It was an innocent outfit (what else to wear while out on a run), but it sure was sexy. Anyway, first there had been some polite banter about the trip and the weather and the school's chance in the State tournament. After a few minutes of that she had asked what they were doing. They told her that they had gone to the convenience store across the street but had been carded and weren't able to buy any beer. Yeah, they were old enough to get in the army to fight for their country, but they weren't old enough to buy beer, they told her. Mrs. Huffman had had a couple of glasses of wine before going out on her run. Maybe that was why the boy's story had touched her heart. At any rate, she, determined to show them that their teacher was no fuddy-duddy, offered to go to the store and buy the beer for them. She was feeling so good that she even offered to pay for the beer with her own money because they were so nice and polite.

When she came out of the store with two six packs of beer for them and a wine decanter for her self, they were waiting for her. They wanted to help her carry her purchase to their room. It was so nice of them. She was thrilled at how polite they were being as she handed over the beer and wine for them to carry. All the while as they crossed the street walking together, she in the middle, two boys on either side, they joked about how cool she was for a teacher. When they got to the porch in front of their room, they all sat down, she and the boys, on the stairs and continued their friendly joking.

They opened a beer each. One of them went inside to open her wine decanter and came out with the decanter opened. He had also managed to secure a glass into which he had poured some of the wine. She finished her glass of wine and started on a second glass while they drank their beer. She was beginning to feel very good. She even smiled at their off color jokes even though she didn't think the jokes were appropriate to be told to a teacher. She shouldn't really have had another glass of wine, but they were being so agreeable and respectful and she didn't want to ruin the moment, so she did, just one more glass and it wasn't even a full glass. 

By the time she had finished her wine and the boys had finished their beer, the talk turned to the subject of marijuana. Efforts to legalize the weed "for medicinal purposes" were underway in the state so it seemed an alright subject for discussion. Mrs. Huffman had impressed the boys with her candor when she had admitted to smoking pot when she was in college, even a few times in high school. The boys were thinking she was so cool, so a invited her in to just take one puff, that was all.

It was a cozy little room, two beds, a dresser a couch, a chair and a tv set. The boys took the couch and the chair, so she sat on the bed. She was sort of.....she felt a tremor at her clit, a glow warming her cunt, but the boys were real gentlemen. 

She was feeling a little bit woozy by the time they passed the joint to her, but, not wanting to seem too "square", she took a toke. She washed the toke down with another sip of wine, this time from the bottle. She was having some trouble focusing when they passed her the roach again, but she turned her head no and laid down on the bed. Her head was spinning.

She heard one of the lads asking her if she was ok. 

She told him that she was, she just needed to lie down for a second. She asked for a glass of water. The decanter of wine was all empty and she was thirsty. When the boy came back with the water, he had to help her sit up so she could hold it in her hands. Somehow, he ended up with her breasts pushing against his body and he holding her in his arms. She was so grateful to him for bringing the water that she wanted to reward him for the gesture. She gave him a little kiss on the lips. Immediately, she recognized that it wasn't proper for a teacher to be kissing a student on the lips, so she apologized. But the boys were so polite and nice, They told her not to worry, that it was nothing. And to show her that it was really nothing, each came over to her on the bed and gave her a kiss on the lips too.

So far things had not gone too far, so she told them that she was feeling better and that she thought she had better leave. They agreed, but asked for one last kiss before she left. She wasn't sure that another kiss was too good an idea, but the boys had been so nice and respectful so far that she thought one last kiss wouldn't do any harm. When the kiss from one of the boys, she thought it was Harold, but she wasn't sure, lasted too long and then, when he tried to put his tongue into her mouth, she realized that things had indeed gone too far, so she pushed him away.

The effort it took to push him away made Mrs. Huffman more dizzy. Her head fell back onto the pillow. She smiled up at the boys who were now looking down at her. Everything had been going so well, she didn't want to harm the pleasant camaradie she had shared with the boys. She smiled to let them know she was ok. She tried to sit up once more but, again, her head fell back onto the pillow. This was so embarrassing, but the boys were no nice about it all. She felt one of them lift her legs onto the bed and cover her with the blanket that had been folded at the foot of the bed. So nice. She was so comfortable. 

And then one of them picked up her foot, unlaced her sneaker and took it off. He took off her other sneaker and then reached down and took off both her socks. It was such a nice thing for him to do. She smiled up at him. The other boys stood by him looking down at her, seeing if they could do anything to help. She heard one of them ask if she was ok. She smiled up at him. She was fine. Everything was ok. "You are being so kind. You are so nice," she said. 

It was then that she heard one of them tell her that she would be more comfortable if they loosened the training bra she was wearing beneath her tee shirt, that it was probably too tight. Off course, they had to take the tee shirt off first. She said ok because she had the bra on and anyway they would cover her with the blanket after they took the bra off. She wasn't sure if she should say anything when they said that the elastic of her basketball shorts was too tight and they removed her shorts. She wasn't wearing panties. She was a bit concerned because they would see the hairy bush of dark hair that covered her cunt and think she was too careless to shave down there. But none of them said anything nasty. One of them said that it looked nice and sexy. She smiled at the compliment. She also thought the thick thatch of hair around her pubic mound looked sexy. Right at that moment, right then and there, she should have stopped everything. She knew what was going on. She felt that maybe things were going too far. But she hadn't done anything. It was so nice and comfortable under the blanket. And they really hadn't done anything. They had just made her comfortable. She was still too dizzy.

When the kissing started, that was when she really tried to stop things. One of them was on top of her, the blanket was between them, but she could feel his hard cock pressing against her pudendum through the blanket, and he was kissing her. Oh, his tongue was in her mouth. She raised her arms, attempting to push him off of her, but she didn't have the strength to do that. Instead, her hands remained lightly resting at his shoulder.

She knew that things had really, really gone too far when she realized that whichever of them it was, she thought it was Jeff Bannon but wasn't sure, was all naked too and was on top of her and was underneath the blanket with her. This was for sure going too far, much too far. And when she felt his cock push against the lips of her vagina, she absolutely knew positively that this had gone much, much, much too far. She tried to say something, tried to ask him to stop, but she was too woozy to get any words out. She tried to get him to stop but didn't know the words to say. And when she felt his cock enter into her vagina she thought that things had gone so far that they weren't going to stop.

And they didn't stop.

Things were blurry from that point on, but Mrs. Huffman knew that she was being fucked. She knew that her pussy was wet from the boy's cum or her own pussy juice, probably from both, and that the boys were taking turns fucking her. She knew that at least one of them had tried to put his cock into her mouth. At least one of them, possibly two, maybe three of them, probably all four of them had put their cocks against her mouth. She didn't think any of them had succeeded in getting his organ into her mouth, but she wasn't sure. Well, one, or was it two, had and she thought she had sucked their cocks. 

Somewhere along the way, maybe after the second or third of her former students had fucked her, she had had an orgasm. It had not been the greatest orgasm of her life, her vibrator had accomplished better orgasms for her, but it was definitely an orgasm, her clit twitching madly, her vagina contracting and sparks of heat flying from her cunt all the way up to her stomach. And she had had a couple more, maybe more than a couple more of orgasms as they continued their fucking.

Later, after they had all finished and after she had sobered up, they had sort of apologized. She wasn't sure if the whole thing hadn't been her fault. But they told her they had two pictures of the event. They showed her the pictures and promised that the pictures would never be shown to anyone.

Of course, later the pictures had been used to blackmail her into having sex with them. The blackmail for sex lasted for a period of two months until she had retrieved the picture two weeks ago. But by the time she had destroyed the pictures, it was too late. Her slut nature had been revealed. 

   *************************

But that was then. Now was now. And as the slut she now knew she was, she didn't need any wine to get her ready to fuck. It was nearly time to go to Leroy and Marquise's house to pull the train. 

Fuck it, she wouldn't wear the tee shirt she had planned on wearing. Mrs. Huffman had a better idea. She went to her bureau and retrieved the basketball style shorts she had worn that night at the motel. She also found the tee shirt she had worn that day. The tee shirt with the words, WHAT NOW decorating her chest. The outfit was the right one for her to wear today. She didn't put on either a bra or panties. Why would she?

Before she got to their house, MaryJane Huffman stopped at the drive through and bought two six packs of beer and a gallon of wine for the guys who would be taking care of her. 

She was feeling very good. No victim she. She was here to get not to give. She was free at last. MaryJane didn't think it inappropriate to quote Dr. King. Sluts were a minority too.
