 It was a cool evening in a suburb of Detroit. Many of the local bars and restaurants were starting to fill up along the strip with the usual after hour's power drinkers. We found our usual place. We were out celebrating John's recent promotion.

"Damn, it looks like it's going to rain again," said John with a grin on his face that could only be described as pure blissful sarcasm. "I love it when it rains," said I giggling "it always makes me so horny."

We chose a table in the back of the restaurant were we would have some privacy for some teasing and naughty talk as well as showing John what I could do with a carrot stick or a stalk of celery. I had worn a short black skirt, red top. I had also included one of my sexy bras so that my boobs were pushed upwards and enough cleavage to make Valentino turn over in his grave. When I entered the restaurant at first the maitre'd seemed to enjoy the view I gave him as I removed my coat.

As he led us to the table and pulled my chair from the table to seat me, I made sure my skirt rode up my thighs. It's such a turn on for me knowing I excited him

John sat down across from me with his back to the rest of the room as I was facing it so I could scan the room and see that I could make squirm. As I sat, instead of keeping my thighs together I parted them with my heels flat on the floor. I told John that I would do anything he wanted to see as well as what I had already planned for him. As we sat there, our waitress, Alexa, a young, sexy college student had caught our attention. She came over and offered us a bottle of red wine, which we accepted. She popped the cork and laid it down next to John. She then poured a small amount into his glass as a taste and John approved of the taste. As the waitress came over to my side of the table to pour some into my glass as I had pulled my glass to the other side so he would have to move to my side to pour the wine. As she moved over my left shoulder I could feel his gaze on my cleavage.

She said she'd be right back to take our order. As she moved away I commented to John that I thought she was cute, he agreed. When the waitress came back to take our order John asked me if I wanted to go first or let him order for us. I told John that I would order for the both of us, which sent the waitress to coming back over to my side. As I looked over the menu, I could feel her eyes on my cleavage as John was watching her. I adjusted my chair a bit and pulled away from the table. As I did so, my skirt had rode high on my thigh showing off my bare thighs. I knew she was looking as I took my time ordering. I finally gave her my order and dropped my hands into my lap and began rubbing my fingertips over my bare thighs, inching up higher with each minute that passed.

The waitress left the table and walked away. John laughed and told me to behave, he didn't want us to be thrown out of this place, and he enjoyed eating there too much. When she returned I had been slowly teasing my lips with my fingers. As she set my salad down she saw my fingers stroking my lips. I looked up at her and smiled. 

I told John I was going to excuse myself and go to the restroom, he said ok and told me to take my time as he knew I was going to see if I could lure the waitress with me. On my way there I stopped our waitress and asked her were the restrooms were. She pointed the way. Alexa was dressed in a black short skirt black knee high boots and a tight black top that really accentuate her cleavage. While in the restroom I thought I'd give John a trill so I removed my panties. As I got back to our table I discretely dropped the panties in his lap. The smile on his face was priceless.

The rest of dinner came I was being my regular naughty self, John was loving it. 

"Is everything satisfactory?" Alexa asked with a smile.

"Satisfactory? You are giving us so much attention that her other customers were getting jealous."

Each time Alexa came by to top up our wine glass or to ask us if we needed anything else I flirted with her. I could tell this was really turning John on.

When dinner was done Alexa brought us the bill. I told John I'd take care of it. I place the credit card in the pouch as well as on a small piece of paper my cell number. When Alexa came to collect it. I told her that my cell number was on the piece of paper, and that after she got off work tonight she might call us so that we could go for a drink together. She smiled at me and said, "Let's see how the rest of my shift goes. I don't get off till midnight". I told we were just going to a local club. With that we left and headed to a local club for some dancing and a few drinks.

The club wasn't happening, it was almost 11:30 so suggested to John that we leave and go back to the restaurant for a last drink before we headed home. John smiled, "you really liked our waitress didn't you." Blushing I nodded yes. It had been a while since John and I had shared another woman. I was hoping that tonight we would do it again.

The restaurant had a bar so we grabbed a table. We ordered 2 drinks and were checking out the scenery. Mostly looking to see if Alexa was still there. I hadn't noticed her until she tapped me on the shoulder and said" Hello, back so soon. Guess the club wasn't fun" I said something like "too many kids there tonight, not our scene". I asked her if she could join us for a drink. She said she was off in another 15 minutes, and if we met her outside then we could go somewhere else for a drink.

The expression on John's face told it all, he knew we were in for some fun tonight.

15 Minutes never took so long.

We met Alexa outside; she had changed into some jeans and a t-shirt with a jacket and running shoes. She also had her hair up in a ponytail. John had suggested a few places to grab a drink Alexa turned them all down, then I suggested going back to our place for a nightcap. Alexa agreed. Alexa said her car was our there and that she could follow us, I comments that John always drives to fast and that I would go with her just in case.

Alexa's car was not much of a ride, but for a college student is was clean and reliable. Alexa she smiled at me, she faced forward and put the key in the ignition. "Where are we going?" she asked. "5555 Roseville Terrace" We chatted the whole way to our place. Once we got there we pulled into the driveway, John had left the garage door open so we went into the house. As we were taking off our shoes John asked if we wanted some wine to drink, we both agreed. John met us in the living with 3 glasses of wine. Our house is tastefully decorated, and dimly lit. It looked like every man's fantasy of a seduction pad.

John handed me and Alexa, a 5'2" blonde a glass then me Sara a 5'6" brunette the other glass. Alexa commented on how she liked our place, that it was really nice. She lived in a one-bedroom apartment while she was going to school. We continue to chat. John noticed Alexa's glass empty and got up and asked if we needed a refill. She said yes. As he left the room Alexa whispered to me that she's never done this before. I jokily said "Had drinks with a couple", she laughed and said "no gone home with a couple"

I laughed saying" it's just a glass of wine, did you expect something else."

Alexa got all defensive saying" I just thought that you were flirting with me in the restaurant and got really turned on by it"

With that I leaned in to kiss her, she kissed back. Alexa had such soft lips. 

John from the doorway holding more wine said jokingly" I leave you 2 for 2 minutes and this is what you 2 do." This startled Alexa and she pulled back. I looked over at John and said" She a very good kisser" Alexa was at a lose for words. I looked at Alexa and said," we will only do what you are comfortable with" and with that I grabbed her hand and instructed her to "Follow me" as we headed for the bedroom. 

I slid myself up onto the bed and leaned back against the pillows; I patted the space beside me and asked Alexa to join me. The king size bed barely fit in the small room, but tonight I was glad to have it. Alexa came to lie down beside me, and I wrapped an arm around her affectionately. She reached up and caressed my breast, softly tweaking the nipple with the palm of her hand. John groaned as he watched her play, Alexa reaching across to do the same to my other tit. I knew if it was up to him, he'd be on top of her right now. The teasing and waiting was never his favorite part. Tonight he seemed content to sit on the opposite side of the bed and watch. 

Alexa leaned against me and found my mouth with hers. She kissed me passionately and probed gently with her tongue. When I met hers with mine, it was electric; we both started getting into the kiss and forgetting our audience. My hands wandered down her body, resting gently on her hips before leaving the kiss and stroking her thighs. I asked her to hold on a minute while I removed her top; I helped her undo her bra releasing her lovely breasts. I lay her down again and I kissed my way down her chest, stopping to suck her nipples into my mouth and lightly nibble before releasing and moving further down. Alexa closed her eyes and followed the soft kisses by touch, a hand instinctively running through my hair. The closer I got to her wet, waiting slit, the harder she started breathing. The anticipation alone was going to make me climax. I undid her jeans to slid them off Alexa to discovered she was wearing no panties. When I lifted up my shirt to show her that I wasn't wearing any either, we all laughed about it

Gently, so gently, I spread her lower lips and lightly put a finger on her clit. She moaned, and heard John echo my moan. 

I looked up at Alexa and asked if it was ok with her if John joined us. She looked and me and then over at John and nodded yes. He leaned over me and kissed me deeply. He walked over to Alexa and kissed her. I started teasing Alexa's clit with my fingers. The feelings caused by all the attention she was getting made very wet.

I felt John shift his weight on the bed, but lost track of what he was doing as I touched my tongue onto her wet slit. I teased the edges of her lips and licked from her hole to her clit very slowly. 

Just as I settled in to working her clit with my mouth, I heard John zipper being undone. John's dick edged its way across her face. I looked up to watch Alexa open her eyes and take him in; She licked and sucked in the same way I was on her. Alexa reached up and fondled his balls with one hand while stroking the shaft into her mouth with the other. He groaned and twitched, I knew that he was enjoying the show. I pushed a finger into Alexa, still sucking her clit, then a second. 

She took his dick out of her mouth. She didn't want gentle play, she was too close to her own climax for that, and she took my hand in hers to masturbate with. As she rubbed my fingers against her clit, John started pinching and tugging at her nipples. She was appreciating this much more, and quickly released on my hand. She sighed and fell back onto John, who softly deposited her back on her pillow.

Alexa moaned and sat up on the bed, looking at us with intense, needy lust. I moved my hand slowly down up side, to her tits, and pulled her close to me. I touched her gently with my tongue. She was so wet, that without even spreading her lips, my fingers were coated in her juices. John continued massaged her breasts as I fingered her gently

I licked at my fingers and John watched closely. I decided I liked Alexa's taste and cleaned my fingers with my tongue, giving John a suggestive show. He groaned, and I could see he was wanted more. He climbed off Alexa's side of the bed and came up behind me onto the bed and rubbed his dick against my pussy. John slides a finger in me I was so wet, he then slid his dick in me easily, and began a slow, deep rhythm.

Alexa, still recovering from her orgasm, leaned forward and took my head in her hands and pulled it towards her face. We kissed while John slid in and out of me, groaning, "That's so hot."

John's pace picked up a little as our kiss became more passionate. Alexa stopped and asked if it would be okay for John to do that to her. I smiled and told her we kept condoms in the nightstand drawer. She giggled and pulled one out, unwrapping it while John watched, still moving in and out of my wet pussy. When Alexa was ready, John pulled out of me and let her roll the latex up his shaft. Alexa spread herself for my husband, and with one final look of reassurance from me, he pushed into her.

Alexa had not been with anyone for a while, and was very tight around John's dick. I could see the skin, though slick with her cum, pull on his dick as he pulled out. As he settled into a rhythm with her, I played with myself, watching closely as they moved together. I sat up and reached around John's leg to play with his balls as he fucked Alexa. He moaned his appreciation and suggested that Alexa get up on her hands and knees so that I could lick them both from underneath.

Alexa agreed and John pushed back into her doggie-style. I crawled around on the bed, and put my head beneath where they were joined. I leaned up carefully and took John's balls into my mouth, sucking briefly. Their combined groans where definitely getting to me. I moved around for a better angle, and Alexa grabbed my hips, pulling me into a sixty-nine position. I started licking her clit and John's shaft as they rocked back and forth, and Alexa went down on me again. John was enjoying banging Alexa while I was licking at them both. John pulled out of her saying he didn't want to cum yet.

Alexa and I weren't done yet, so as John moved away to watch and relax a bit, we moved into a more comfortable one-on-one. At first, the latex taste John had left in her distracted me, but it wasn't so bad. Sucking and licking at each other's pussies, we came a few moments later, Alexa collapsing on top of me as her juices soaked my face. 

Pretty well spent for a few minutes, we lay together in a sticky puddle of afterglow. John got up from the bed to get the wine glasses.

After a quick drink I suggested to Alexa that we take care of John some more. John's dick was hard as a rock in no time. At 7" it was longer than usual, and about average length. John lay between us. The 2 of us took turns stroking and admiring the dick before us. Alexa was the first to take it in her mouth, and she could only get about half of it in. She pulled back and left the dick all warm and slippery with her juice. John rolled his eyes and I knew he was enjoying this as a guttural moan escaped his lips. I moved in, and told Alexa to watch and learn and took the entire erection, all the way down to his balls. I was an expert with this dick, and even hummed while his dick was deep in my throat. I took his dick out and Alexa took over I started sucking on his balls again I knew he loved that. Alexa was becoming a pro, and the dick never left her mouth as she swallowed ever inch of his dick. Alexa's ass was in the air so I repositioned my self-back there tonguing away at her slit. "Mmmmm, oooooh, ohhhhh," she moaned as she sucking John's dick. "Fuck me now from behind" said Alexa as she return herself around." I want to lick you pussy while John fucks me from behind" John eyes soaked in the sight as the woman lowered herself onto my pussy and slowly worked her tongue up and down. 

John now put a finger to my mouth, wet it, and lubed up Alexa. Her eyes opened wide as he thrusted into her and started pounding into her pussy while her face was in my pussy 

She panted as he fucked her, I made sure her head wasn't leave my pussy so I cupped her head down onto me. First she teased the pussy lips, which drew moans and coos from me. "Ahhhhhhhhhh, yeaaaaahhhh" was the reaction as his thick tool split Alexa wide in two. A slow rhythm ensued as we searched for the ménage-a-trios groove that many men dream about. Within seconds we 2 women were cumming again, and the action was getting louder. John pounded away at Alexa's pussy, as he watched me lean over and grab a vibrator from under the night table drawer. "She'll loves this, and boy what a show does she put on" I said as I moved in rhythm to her lover's pussy licks and John pounding. 

"Uh, uh, uh, uh. Go slow, but go deep. I want to really enjoy this one," said Alexa as John slowed his pace. To tease her, I asked John to pulled out of Alexa's pussy, so I could sucked it. The juice was sweet and thick, and tasted so good. He quickly inserted the dick back into Alexa as I moved the vibrator to make contact with Alexa's pussy. "Oh, shit. That feels incredible. Hit my spot, pleeeeeease." 

The pace picked up, as John was surprised at how long he was lasting with his dick buried in the woman's pussy. He pounded hard, hard, hard, deep, deep, deep and tried to split her open with each thrust. Grunts of pleasure from in front mixed with squeals of delight from underneath. "Oh, oh, I'm going to cummmmmmmmm," screamed Alexa as John moved aside. We could now see Alex's pussy as it shot a stream of wet pussy juice into the air. Alexa let her hand go to her own pussy, and spanked it as she came again, this time just dribbling juice on the bed. 

Overwhelmed by this scene, John felt the suddenness of an orgasm as he shot his load deep into Alexa. She sighed heavily with delight and satisfaction as the goo sent chills up and down her spine and the throbbing dick sent her too over the edge. 

Spent and out of breath, the three of us collapsed in a heap. Panting like dogs in August, the three of us put our heads on the pillows and held each other awhile. We all fell a sleep.