 FRIDAY A NIGHT OF DEBAUCHERY

It was a Friday evening in May 1960 and the eight of us were at Dave's apartment drinking and playing teenage games. All of us were 18 years old except Dave who was 20. High School graduation was just a few weeks way. Susan and I had been dating and having sex for six months and I knew the others were as well. Frank and Shirley had dated their entire senior year. Jay and Sandy had been dating for a couple of months and Jay bragged about fucking her. Dave had been banging Karen for several months after she turned 18. Dave worked during the day and attended college at night.

We had gone out for something to eat before Dave invited all of us to his place. We played the popular spin the bottle for awhile and it was fun watching the girls try to out do each other when they kissed the guys. Everyone was drinking and getting very loose. At one point Shirley got pissed off at Frank and they began arguing which actually happened a lot with them. Frank had told me that she was a real bitch at times but because she was a good lay he put up with her.

Shirley decided that she wanted to leave Dave's place but Frank said he was staying. Then Sandy, Shirley's best friend told Jay that it was time to leave. Shirley asked Jay to drop her off at home and the three of them left. Frank, Dave, Susan, Karen and I continued to drink and tell jokes. Susan clearly had a little too much to drink and I told her to cool it. Dave also cautioned Karen.

Susan became silly and got on the floor and began crawling around on all fours acting like a cat. Karen giggled and then joined Susan and mimicked her. I watched the two girls act silly but at the same time they looked very sexy. Susan was wearing a tight fitting black and white checkered skirt that hugged her lovely curves. She was 5'5" tall and weighed about 110 pounds. She was basically flat chested but had shapely legs and a very nice ass. Her ass was clearly her best feature and at that moment it was prominently displayed. Susan had brown hair that she kept in a DA style which was popular then.

Karen was a cute blonde who was 5'3" tall and weighed about 100 pounds. She had pretty blue eyes, smallish firm tits and a nice bottom. That evening Karen was wearing a light blue loose fitting skirt that hid her curvy bottom. Both girls were wearing stockings and garters. I didn't know about Karen but Susan always wore her panties over her garters so that I could take them off her. Susan loved to have me take her panties off when we were together.

Since we began dating six months ago Susan had come a long way. It started with hand jobs and pussy fingering but moved quickly to oral sex. Then one day we were alone in her house and she had intercourse for the first time. Susan loved it and from that day on we fucked all the time whenever we could. I began playing with her ass and I learned that she was very sensitive there. One day we bathed together and I was so turned on by her ass that I had to urge to kiss it. I not only kissed it but I tongued her anus and she went wild. Soon I was fingering her ass when I ate her pussy and eventually we tired anal intercourse.

Susan loved anal sex and she particularly liked the sensation of my cumming in her rectum. Our sex would start out orally and I would cum in her mouth as she juiced mine. Next I would fuck her pussy until I came a second time and she had multiple orgasms. Then I moved her to all fours and began the anal foreplay. She would get so excited that she begged me to fuck her in the ass. Susan also loved to play with my 7+" cock and she would stroke it and suck it for hours in my car.

I was an athlete in high school and in good shape. I was 6'1" tall and weighed 185 pounds. My eyes were hazel colored and I had short brown hair. Susan and I made an attractive couple and we loved being naked together.

Frank was a good looking guy, 6"0" and 180 pounds and his girlfriend Shirley was a knock out. Too bad she was such a bitch. Jay was short at 5'5" but he and Sandy made a cute couple. Dave was 6'1" and very slender but a good looking guy with brown hair and brown eyes. Now as the two girls crawled around on the floor the three of us watched with interest as we had no idea what would happen next and the five of us were unprepared for the way things developed.

Susan crawled over by me, looked up with glazed eyes and whispered, "Frank and Dave are trying to take my panties down." 

I chuckled and patted her on the ass. Susan wiggled her ass and crawled away from me. As she passed by Dave he patted her on the ass too and then he looked at me for my reaction. I just nodded my approval and then Dave goosed her. Susan squealed and crawled quickly away from Dave and passed where Frank was sitting. Frank also goosed her and Susan squealed again. Karen had crawled over by me and watched the guys play with Susan's ass. Karen had her back to me and I raised her skirt to look at her sweet ass. She too giggled and moved away quickly.

Karen and Susan met in the center of the room and they were both giggling and being silly. Susan said out loud to Karen, "Frank and Dave are trying to pull my panties down." Karen giggled and responded, "Walt was trying to pull my panties down."

That seemed to set the mood and the next thing was Dave got on the floor behind Susan. He pushed her tight skirt up to her waist baring her panty covered ass. Dave caressed Susan's ass and she moved it around under his hands. Next he pulled her panties down to her knees and bared her lovely ass. 

"Walt, Dave pulled my panties down," Susan called out to me.

"I can see that. I know how much you like to have someone else pull your panties down," I replied.

My response served as permission for Dave to continue. He began fingering Susan's pussy from behind and he quickly learned how wet she got when she was excited. Dave unbuckled his belt, unfastened his pants and pushed them along with his underwear down to his knees. I saw his erection for the first time and noticed that he was not as long or as thick as me. He moved in behind Susan and slipped his cock into her pussy from behind much to the shock of his girlfriend Karen. Frank was not to be left out and he lowered his pants and underwear freeing his 6" erection which he offered to Susan. She spotted Frank's cock in front of her face and she willingly took him in her mouth. I was watching my girlfriend have sex with my two friends and I actually found it to be a turn on.

Karen was still on the floor on all fours and she was mesmerized by the scene taking place. I moved over to her and got behind her. She froze when she felt my hands on her hips but she did not protest. Instead Karen kept watching Susan take two cocks at the same time. I lifted Karen's skirt and draped it over her back. I stared at her lovely panty covered bottom and then I caressed her shapely buttocks. Karen moaned softly as I fondled her bottom. She didn't move as I slowly peeled her panties down her legs. Her panties were under her garters so I lowered them to the top of her stockings.

I ran my fingers along Karen's pussy and found her sopping wet. I played with the folds of her labia and then inserted my fingers in her pussy. I found her hard clit and rolled it between my fingers as I continued to stroke her ass with my other hand. As Karen got turned on I had her lean forward with her head resting on her arms presenting her shapely ass to me. Her ass was beautiful and it looked so sensual. I leaned over and licked Karen's pussy from behind driving her wild. My nose inhaled her odor and she smelled sweet.

Convinced that she was clean, I had the urge to tongue her beautiful ass so I swiped my tongue from her pussy up and over her bung hole and back to her pussy. She gasped out loud when my tongue touched her asshole. I really got into it and grasped both of her curvy ass cheeks and pulled them slightly apart so that I could get my tongue in deeper. I probed her pink aperture with my tongue as I inserted three fingers in her pussy. She started whimpering, gasping and directing the action. 

"Oh my God, do it again. Lick me there; stick your tongue in there. Eat my pussy, tongue my bottom, oh yessssss," she cried out.

I saw Dave look over at me and I said to him. "Susan loves it in the ass. There is lotion in her purse if you need it."

Dave looked surprised and then I suspected that he was not into anal. However Frank had that look of lust on his face and I knew that he would end up in Susan's ass before the night was done. I returned my attention to Karen. I placed my mouth on her, swabbing her pussy and ass. I repeated this several more times until Karen seemed to go into convulsions with another orgasm. She went limp and I stroked her aroused ass as she recovered from the intensity of her orgasm. It was time to fuck her.

I lowered my pants and underwear and eased my cock into her pussy from behind. Karen gasped at the penetration but she remained still as she adjusted to a bigger cock than she was used to. I began to fuck her slowly and she uttered soft moans. I looked back over at the threesome and I saw Dave and Frank stiffen as they ejaculated into my girlfriend. Susan swallowed Frank's load and received Dave's in her pussy. Frank then stood up and got the lotion from Susan's purse. His cock remained hard as he removed the rest of his clothes. Dave pulled Susan's panties all the way off and then Frank moved behind her.

I watched Frank lubricate Susan's asshole and prepare her for his cock. I knew he would easily fit in her as mine had stretched her out. Frank lined up his cock and slipped it in to Susan's ass much to the shock of Karen. Dave moved in front of Susan and offered her his cock to suck which she did. I continued to fuck Karen but she wanted to feel me against her clit so she rolled over on her back. I reentered her and fucked her through multiple orgasms before I ejaculated in her pussy. Karen went wild and held me tightly to her as our juices comingled in her womb.

"Walt, I need your cock in my pussy," Susan screamed. 

I pulled out of Karen and shed my clothes. I was still hard and good for another round. Frank and Dave pulled out of Susan and she quickly shed her dress. I got on my back so that Susan could straddle me and she lowered her pussy on my throbbing cock. She looked so sexy wearing just her stockings and garters. Once I was in her cunt, Frank pushed his cock back in her ass and she took Dave in her mouth. Never in my wildest dreams did I ever think that I would be sharing Susan with two other guys or that she would love it.

Susan went wild with three cocks in her and she seemed to have a continuous string of orgasms. I spotted Karen who was now sitting in a chair fingering her pussy as she watched Susan get her holes drilled. Frank was the first to cum and Susan squealed when she felt him shoot in her ass. Dave then filled her mouth and Susan drank down every drop. Frank and Dave moved away and then Susan got off me and told me to fuck her ass. She got on all fours with her head on the floor turned toward Karen. I knelt behind her and I heard someone gasp as I eased my big dick into Susan's ass.

I looked over at Karen and her eyes were as big as saucers. I knew she was in disbelief that Susan could take my cock in the ass as easy as she did. Frank and Dave seemed to be in awe also as they watched my cock move in and out of her ass. Susan was going wild as she always did with anal sex and her fingers were buried in her pussy. I was getting close and Susan seemed to sense it as she squeezed my cock with her sphincter. When she reached between her legs and cupped my balls I lost it and I fired streams of cum into her rectum.

I remained buried in Susan's ass as she milked me with her sphincter muscle. When I pulled out of her my cock was still hard and looked menacing around her asshole. Karen gasped again when she saw my cock slide out of Susan. All of a sudden everyone seemed to come to their senses and we were all in disbelief about how things got so out of control. Susan grabbed her clothes and scrambled for Dave's bathroom. Karen was the only one still dressed and she simply had to pull up her panties and lower her dress. Dave, Frank and I dressed in a hurry. Not a word was spoken as we dressed and left. Dave drove Karen home and I drove Susan home. At least we had the weekend before we saw each other again at school.

A SURPRISE PHONE CALL

On the way to her house Friday evening after the unexpected orgy Susan expressed her concern that it would get around that she took on three guys. I assured her that I would not say anything and that I would make sure that Frank and Dave kept their mouths shut. Karen wouldn't say anything as she would implicate herself. I drove home after dropping Susan off and went right to bed. It took me awhile to get to sleep as I kept replaying the scene in my mind. I was also glad to have fucked Karen and I kept seeing her cute body naked from the waist down.

I didn't hear from Susan on Saturday and I didn't expect to. I decided not to call her and let things die down. However I received a surprise phone call from Karen and she asked me to come over to her house. She told me her parents were going to a wedding and they would be gone all day. She asked me to park a few blocks from her house so that my car was not out front. I assumed that she wanted to speak with me about Friday night. I agreed to stop over and subconsciously I hoped that I would get to fuck Karen again. Later that day I arrived at Karen's house.

"Come on in. My folks are in the city so I have the place to myself," she told me. 

I sat next to her on the sofa in the family room. We talked about Friday night and I assured her that everyone would keep their mouths shut. She turned toward me and smiled as I put my arm around her and drew her to me. I gently pulled her toward me and our mouths locked in a kiss. I pushed my tongue into her mouth and it took her breath away. Karen kissed me back and her body relaxed. I lifted her tank top up over her head as she held her arms up for me to remove it and as I removed it her firm titties stood straight out from her chest. I pushed her shoulders back causing her tits to look bigger and firmer. Karen moaned as I leaned over and kissed her breasts and sucked on her rock hard nipples. I kissed and sucked her tits for several minutes. Her nipples got so long and so hard that they were like little dicks sticking out. She loved to have her tits fondled and kissed for hours.

I moved off the bed and knelt between her legs. I undid her shorts and she lifted her hips as I pulled them down and off her body. Karen looked very sexy clad only in her robin blue panties with her aroused tits standing straight out. Hooking my fingers in the waistband of her panties I slowly peeled them down her legs. As I removed her panties I stared directly at her snatch and gently pushed her legs apart. Her body was well tanned except for the tan lines from her bikini. Karen groaned as I ran my finger over her well trimmed pussy mound and tickled her labia. Her hips jerked involuntarily when I probed her sopping wet pussy with my finger and kissed her inner thighs. Karen gasped aloud when my tongue finally touched her quim.

I raised Karen's legs up and placed them on my shoulders which brought her pussy even closer to my mouth. Then I reached up and fondled her tits with both hands, tweaked her nipples and plunged my tongue into the depths of her pussy. I rubbed her g-spot as I licked her cunt and located her erect clit with my tongue. As I sucked on her clit and played her tits and nipples, Karen moaned loudly as her body thrashed around. I struggled to keep my mouth glued to her pussy as her body jumped all over the sofa. Karen grabbed my head with both hands and held me to her gushing pussy.

"Oh Walt, this is going to be a quick one, a big one," she cried out and then she screamed, "I'm cumming, oh God I'm cumming, hold me, hold me tight, please hold me."

Karen's body seemed to go through convulsions as her orgasm rocked her and sent tremors through her body. She continued to hold my head to her mound as her sweet nectar gushed into my mouth. I licked her dry and nibbled on her clit which caused her body to quake again. Karen collapsed on the sofa. 

"Oh I loved that. No one has eaten me before you have and it's wonderful," she sighed.

I was surprised that Dave wasn't all over that sweet tasting pussy but it was his loss. I stood up and looked down at her hot body as I peeled off my shirt. Unbuckling my belt and unzipping my pants, I pushed my trousers down to my ankles. My large erection was covered by my underwear but my state of desire was obvious. I pushed my underwear down and my cock caught in the waistband and bobbed in front of Karen. She stared at my erect cock as it dangled inches from her face. Karen stared at it as if she was looking at the first cock she had ever seen in person. I reached down and pulled her closer to me so that her mouth was now on a level with my cock.

"Your turn," I said as I pushed my cock toward her mouth.

Karen slowly moved her head forward and kissed the head of my cock. Then she licked up and down the shaft and all around it. Eventually she took about four inches of my cock into her mouth. Karen was a good cocksucker. As I looked at her beautiful face sucking my cock I thought about cumming in her mouth. Karen released my cock from her mouth and I knew that she wanted it in her pussy.

"Let's go to the bedroom," she whispered as if other people would hear.

I followed her to what appeared to be a guest room. Karen pulled down the bed covers and got in bed on her back. She spread her legs slightly and looked seductively at my erect cock. I got on the bed between her thighs and nestled my cock at the opening to her pussy. I moved the head of my cock around her vulva and gently prodded her outer cunt lips. Karen moaned softly as her pussy got increasingly wetter. Satisfied that she was wet enough I eased my dick in a little parting her labia and finding the entrance to her pussy. I pushed more of my cock into her and in spite of her wetness she was still very snug. For the next several minutes I pushed in and pulled out, each time pushing a little more of my shaft into her sopping wet hole. Finally my cock sank all the way into her snatch causing Karen to gasp aloud. Then as I began to saw my dick in and out of her, Karen wrapped her legs around my lower body and humped her hips up at me. As I picked up the pace I made sure that my cock stayed in constant contact with her clit.

Karen surprised herself with another quick orgasm but I kept right on fucking her and she came multiple times in succession. Her pussy was flooded with her cunt juice and I could feel my cock soaking in her nectar as I pushed it all the way in. Karen was experiencing a continuous string of orgasms which had her body thrashing and jerking about as they led up to her final crescendo. Her body stiffened and she grabbed my shoulders as she wrapped her legs even tighter around my torso squeezing my lower body.

"Oh God, I'm cumming again, hold me, please hold me, oh, oh, please," she cried out as a thunderous climax ripped through her body.

Karen stiffened at first pushing her hips toward mine and the she went out of control. Her hips humped rapidly up and down as her body thrashed about. She was grunting and groaning and gasping for air as she reached her crescendo. All her fanatic actions accelerated my own orgasm and I flooded her womb with barrage after barrage of semen. I plowed my cock into her as far as I could as I released a steady flow of spunk into her pussy. We both humped each other furiously until our orgasms subsided. I kept my weight on my elbows as I lay on top of her so as not to crush her body with my weight. Karen's vaginal muscles clenched and unclenched around my shaft milking my cock dry.
