 Tumbling around on the bed, I am lost in the moment. My face buried in between her legs, fingers tugging on her pussy lips, lapping up the flowing juices. Her moans muffled by her legs wrapped around my head. My face covered by her juices. Her wriggling body moved up the bed, giving me a slight chase for her pussy. Teasing her clit with my tongue, mini orgasms were constantly shuttering through her body. Dipping my tongue into her pussy, she screamed out. 

"God your pussy tastes amazing. I can feel my pussy juices running down my legs...." as I scoop some on to a finger and shove into her mouth. 

As she starts to lick my finger, I resume my work on her pussy. Up and down with my tongue on her pussy lips and clit, teasing her asshole with my finger, I am filled with great joy. Working her into a second orgasm, I don't hear you enter the room. You survey the situation, one Jane wrapped up in an orgasm, me, face down in Jane's pussy, ass wagging in the air. 

You don't want to interrupt us, but you can feel your cock growing against your pants. Sliding them off, you stand stroking your cock through your boxers. You contemplate the best way to join in without stopping us. Moving toward the bed, you grab the bottle of lube that is lying next to the dildo on the table. 

Lathering up your cock with the lube, your prepare to join in. You line yourself up with my exposed asshole, and begin to push. A moan escapes from my lips, but I don't miss a beat, I just keep licking Jane's pussy. The three of us are moving in unison, you thrust into my ass, driving my nose and tongue into Jane's pussy. 

Jane starts the orgasm chain, cumming hard all over my face, she wraps her legs around me and rides my face. Screaming her brains out, digging at the sheets with her nails, she can't contain herself. 

The crushing of my head, the pounding of my ass, your balls brushing up against my clit, I can't help myself. I need to cum. I start shaking, my orgasm ripples through my body, overwhelming me. My body gives up, I can't hold myself up any more. Collapsing to the bed, I am stopped by your cock plowing my ass. My ass tightens around your cock, trying to squeeze out your cum.

Looking down at me I hear you say, "No, not yet. You're not getting my cum yet." 

Removing your cock from my ass, I collapse on the bed. Ass gaping, pussy juice running down my legs, covering my face, and running down Jane's legs, we are a mess. We are a mess and we want more. Turning to you with lust in our eyes, we start crawling to your cock. 

"Cleaning, Slut Jane." Bent over at the waist, Jane begins to clean my ass juices off your cock. Licking every inch of your cock, running her tongue along the underside, tugging gently at your balls, removing all of my ass juice. Making your cock grow and throb even more. 

As Jane is cleaning your cock, I begin to rim her ass. Letting my tongue first trace her asshole, followed by shoving my tongue into her. Back and forth, I fuck her ass with my tongue. She's moaning on your cock, moaning and sucking hard on your cock. 

Before you get a chance to cum, you remove your cock from Jane's mouth. The shock sends her tipping back onto my face. Rolling around, Jane and I manage to move ourselves into a 69 position, she laying on top of me. Moving from her ass to her pussy, I am greeted with an abundance of juice flowing out of her. 

Seizing your opportunity, you decided to fill Jane's asshole with your cock. It was stretched and slick from my tongue, and sliding to your cock in to her ass is easy. As you thrust in and out of Jane's ass, I hold my hand up so your balls brush up against my hands. 

Jane's face is buried between my legs, tongue dancing around my folds, in and out of my pussy. Lapping up the juices that are gushing out. Her eating me out doesn't last long, she becomes overcome by your growing cock in her ass. The feeling of your cock working her ass and my tongue teasing her pussy creates a giant orgasm which rocks her body leaves her in a state of shock. 

Rolling her off of me, she lays on the bed curled up in her post orgasmic bliss. Turning to you, I want a turn with your cock in my pussy. Straddling you, I impale myself on your cock. I ride you, you laying on your back. Me working myself ups and down on your cock. Working myself to another orgasm, bouncing up and down on your cock, bodies slapping together. Grabbing up at my tits, you hold on and flip me over on to my back. 

With you on top of me, your drive your cock in and out. I can feel your cock twitching within me.. Working your way to and orgasm, you want to fill my pussy with your cum. I feel the ropes, spurting into my pussy. I feel your cock driving into my pussy and stirring your cum about. When you're done, you pull your deflating cock and lie back.

Dragging myself up to your cock, I slowly begin to gingerly lick your cock clean. Feeling your cum drip from my pussy, I'm saddened that it will be wasted as it rolls towards the bed. Before I can reach around to scoop it out, I feel a tongue at my pussy lapping up my juices and cum. Jane is cleaning up my pussy. I am cleaning your cock. You are laying back enjoying the moment.