 Authors note: 

All characters in this story are over the age of 18. Feel free to send me feedback privately, or comment. Don't be shy ;) enjoy my newest story! 

*****

I know for a fact that I'm not the only girl that ended up doing this, hell, I'm sure even some guys probably did something similar as well. College tuition is very expensive. I could easily have taken the standard route, work some shitty retail job, and still be broke as textbook rentals and fees ate my money up. Another option though is to find a better paying job that can still work well with your school hours. Now though this was more of a risky option, I quite frankly didn't give a fuck, I needed the money. I wanted more than just cheap clothes and frozen meals in my life. So I did the obvious, and used my good looks and young, tight body to my advantage. I became a stripper! 

Now I know what you're thinking, how typical right? Well exactly, lots of girls end up caving in to their money desires. The job was perfect though! Twirl on a pole, and give a few lap dances to some idiots, and you can make seriously good money. Lots of strippers even end up doing more, if the price is right. I tried to play it proper and make sure nothing ever got out of control, but one night I just couldn't help myself! Here is what happened. 

It was a typical Friday night as I stood in my little dressing room that I shared with one other stripper. I checked myself over in the mirror to make sure I was presentable, which I certainly was. My black hair was tied into a braid over my shoulder, I had my makeup done, but not to heavy, I did however have on a shiny and glossy red lipstick, my signature look. My outfit was supposed to look like a schoolgirl uniform; a very short plaid skirt that barely covered my thong, and a white blouse tied up a bit under my chest, to show my flat stomach, and my little pink heart belly button piercing. I was 21 years old, but I felt I definitely looked younger, which was great for tonight's look. 

I stepped out of my dressing room and peeked into the main room of the club. It was already filling up quite well, and I was glad as that meant the opportunity to earn lots of money! Right before I turned back to use the restroom though, my heart stopped! No, no! This couldn't be happening. What were they doing here!

I slid back behind the wall to cover myself a bit more, as I spotted my mother's boyfriend, and his son enter the club. No one other than my sorority house and a few other friends knew what my job was. If they saw me, I'd be doomed! What was that swine even doing here! He was dating my mother, and yet coming in here? I was steaming mad, but I wasn't surprised as I had met many other men in here, that weren't single. I quickly slinked back into my dressing room. 

"Hey Kat, you won't believe who's here! I could have sworn I saw your soon to be step dad and brother!" 

I looked up as my very best friend and coworker, Stacy, was talking to me. She looked like she was about to burst into laughter! 

"Get that grin off your face Stacy! If they see me in here I'll be in deep shit!" I said, panic rising in my voice. 

Stacy shook her head, a smirk still on her face as she shut and locked our door, walking over to me. "You still haven't told your mom and them what you do?" 

"Are you crazy! My mom would kill me if she found out! Did they see you? Oh god what if they remembered you from a few months ago when they met you briefly ."I said, rubbing my forehead. 

Stacy just laughed as she stood in the mirror, doing some touching up on her makeup. "Who cares! He's not dating my mother, and they obviously came in here for fun. Wasn't it his son's birthday or something this weekend?"

I groaned as I remembered that it was indeed Cory's birthday weekend. So they decided to go to a strip club? What's wrong with dinner or paint ball, or whatever father's and sons do together? This was a nightmare. 

"What am I going to do! If I say I'm sick and need to leave, the bosses will be pissed!" 

Stacy turned to me and gave me one of her devilish grins, I knew she had some sort of trick up her sleeve! "Have you forgotten where you work, Kat? This room is like one big dress up corner! Find something to disguise yourself, and it'll be just fine. I'll be sure to keep the pair of them entertained, if that's OK with you of course." 

I nodded my head and gave her a hug to show my gratitude. "Do whatever you can to keep them busy Stacy." 

Stacy patted my back and looked at me with a smile, then she walked out of the room, leaving me to find a new outfit and disguise! 

The night had actually been going pretty well! I had changed from my school girl attire, into a more sexy disguise. I changed into a red bra and panties, with a red cape swung over to give me some amount of coverage. I also had on a glittery red mask, the type you'd see at a Mardi gras event. The look was very she-devil to me and I loved it. 

I had no idea where Stacy had gone, but I assumed she was doing a good job keeping my mother's boyfriend Paul, and his son Cory occupied, which I was definitely grateful for! I hadn't seen them at all through the night, so I was focusing on doing my job and earning tons of cash for the night. 

At the moment I was sitting in a private booth, giving a man a special lap dance. 

"Hmm, oh my." I moaned out sexually. "The big bulge in your pants is making my little cunt tingle, sir." 

The man chuckled as he began grinding his crotch into me as I sat on his lap. His hands were holding tightly onto my little ass. That whole rule of making the man keep his hands at his sides? I definitely didn't follow it, this was more fun! I was grinding my hips in hard circles, making sure my little panty covered cunt was right on top of his erect cock. He was wearing dark slacks which I was glad for, I intended to get this one to cum! 

I slid one of his hands up from my ass and placed it on my breast, whimpering as I felt his strong hand begin to squeeze and tickle the sensitive area. His fingers even slipped down into my bra, and were pinching my rock hard nipple! 

"Ohh you are a very naughty man sir! What would your wife say if she found out you like to grope and play with stripper's nipples and tits?" I asked, whispering into his ear as I felt him bouncing his hips up faster and harder. 

The man said nothing but only tightened his grip on me, I could hear his breathing getting heavier, and he began to grunt softly as well. 

"Mmm, do you have to cum, sir? I'd feel very good knowing I made a handsome, strong guy like you bust a load from my work." 

I barely even had to grind or move much at this point, as the man was bouncing me and moving me around to his liking. My little cunt was tingling in pleasure, and my body was quivering. It all ended too soon though as I heard a final grunt, and I could feel a bit of wetness and warmth coming from his crotch. He had definitely busted a nut in his pants. 

"Thanks." The man said to me, giving me more money as he stood up, putting his sports coat on. 

I smirked as I watched him leave quickly, no doubt running back home to his girlfriend. I wondered how I was so infuriated seeing Paul here, but I could have cared less about being the temptress to someone else's man. Oh well! I giggled as I skipped back to my dressing room to freshen up a bit. 

I walked out of the bathroom, popping my mask back on as I headed into the area with the water cooler and snacks for us girls. Right before I did though, I thought I could hear a giggle! This area was for workers only and not really a hangout, what was going on? I shrugged and was about to ignore it, when I could hear male laughter. My curiosity got the better of me, and I went to investigate! 

I slowly walked down the long walkway, trying to keep my heels as quiet as I could as I walked along. I could hear more and more noise coming, and it definitely sounded like more than a couple voices! 

I heard a squeal and more giggling, followed by someone saying, "Ooh, you're so naughty!" Definitely a female's voice. 

The music from the club was getting more and more faint, as I finally reached the room that I was positive the noise was coming from. It just looked like a storage room or a spare room to me, who could be in here laughing, like a skanky hyena? I touched the doorknob gently, sucking in my breath. I was actually nervous! I twisted it ever so slightly and gently, realizing it wasn't locked. I opened the door slowly, and peaked inside. My eyes narrowed as I scanned the room though the crack.

"Are you fucking kidding me!" I mouthed silently to myself as I looked in. 

Inside the room I saw three people; Stacy, Paul, and Cory! Paul was in a plastic chair leaned back looking over at Cory who was sitting as well, with a huge grin on his face. There between his legs, was Stacy, sucking his dick! I pulled away from the door and pressed my back against the wall, my hand covering my mouth. I couldn't believe what was going on! I told Stacy to keep those swines entertained and busy, but I never knew she'd go this far! 

"Ohh, yeah, that's it... suck it baby." I heard Cory say, with a low groan.

I peeked back into the room and saw Corey with his hands on Stacy's head now, pumping his hips a bit while he had his eyes closed. Paul was watching, idly stroking his dick through his pants. 

"Make sure you deep throat that birthday boy!" Paul said with a laugh. 

Another groan told me that Stacy had obeyed his instructions. As much as I was shocked and just a tad bit disgusted, I could feel my cunt start to get excited as I watched the spectacle in front of me. 

Stacy giggled and I heard her give out a little whimper as she spoke. "Oh of course! I always treat birthday boys the best." 

I watched as Stacy slid her tongue up the shaft of Cory's thick cock and kissed the tip of it, before sliding her mouth all the way down on it, burying her nose into the open fly of his pants as she sucked him. 

Meanwhile on the other side of the door, my little pussy was on fire watching this! I had never seen Cory in such a position before, and I had no clue how thick and wonderful his cock looked. All this time I had just thought of him as a pest, someone to tolerate for my mother's sake. My hand darted into my thong as I slowly slid one of my fingers over my pink and puffy cunt lips, this was the sexiest thing I ever witnessed! 

"Fuck yeah, get it all in their deep slut." Cory said, spreading his legs out wider. 

I looked over at Paul and still saw him rubbing the crotch of his pants. He too had a very impressive bulge showing in his clothes. My fingers were working more quickly now, and I had to bite my lip not to start moaning from outside. I pulled my hand out and sucked on my own sweet juices, then dived my wet fingers back into my panties to continue molesting myself. 

Next I saw Stacy pull Cory's cock out of her mouth, and tap it against her tongue a few times, causing him to groan more. 

"Mmm, I've never had so much fun with a guy in this club before. Do you like me sucking your fat, hard dick Cory?" She asked, and I saw her kiss his thigh as she laid her cheek on it. 

Cory just nodded his head and grinned, as he shoved his prick back into my friends mouth, clearly not caring about the chit chat! 

My cunt was begging me to do something at this point, and I felt my knees tremble as I masturbated right outside the door. They had no idea i was watching it all. I couldn't take it anymore though! I made sure my mask was on good, and pushed open the door, praying silently that this wouldn't blow up on me. 

"Well well well! What on earth is going on in here?" I asked, making my voice pitch a bit higher, hoping the two men wouldn't be able to tell who I was.

Everyone looked over at me fast as I stood in the doorway, a hand placed on my hip as I watched them with a smirk. Stacy looked at me and cocked her head to the side in confusion, but when I winked at her, a smirk instantly formed on her face. 

"Well isn't this a treat! It looks like my friend here wants to join in on our fun. Two pairs of mouths do work better than one." Stacy said, looking at me and licking her lips. 

I laughed and walked into the room, swaying my hips sexily and standing above Paul and Cory. 

"So what's the story, who are these men and why should we keep giving them special treatment?" 

As I talked I slid my hands up to my firm breasts and began caressing them, pinching my nipples gently as I looked between Paul and Cory. Their eyes looked like they were about to bug out of their heads. 

"They're a father and son team, this one is a birthday boy." Stacy said, pointing at Cory. "So I figured I'd give him a special treat, but now his daddy looks lonely!" 

I looked back over at Paul who stared at me with pure lust, rubbing his full blown erection through his pants still. 

"Well then, it's a good thing I arrived. Why don't you handle the dad, while I say happy birthday to this handsome man myself. What are your names, gentlemen?" 

"I'm Cory." 

"Paul." 

I nodded gently with a smirk on my mouth, watching as Stacy stood up and came over to me and leaned in close to my ear to whisper. 

"Are you sure about this? We don't have to do this." She asked me. The sparkle in her eye proved to me though that she desperately wanted this. 

"We have to keep them busy, remember?" I whispered back, before raising my tone so the men could hear us again. "Now why don't you slap my little ass for good luck so I can join in." 

Stacy giggled as I bent over in front of her, my side facing the men as I looked at them both, biting my lip and letting out a whimper. I squealed out as I felt Stacy slap my ass hard, giving it a good squeeze after with every firm slap. 

'Yeah, do you like this? You little whore." She said to me, obviously adding more dramatics to give the men a great show. 

I squealed out and giggled as I felt another firm slap on my ass, I could feel my face turning red as I got more and more excited. I just loved being spanked! 

"Oh my goodness! What is this! Your cunt is soaking right through your panties! The nerve of you, you're a very bad girl!" She said to me rubbing her hand gently on my clothed mound. 

I glanced over at the men as they stared at us, mouths dropped. Cory still had his cock out of his pants and was stroking it gently as he watched us. 

"Well it was wet the moment I saw what was going on in here! When I saw the birthday boy's fat cock being sucked on by a pretty girl like you, I just couldn't help it!" I said with a giggle, wiggling my ass.

I felt another firm slap, and then Stacy's hand rub my cunt through my panties some more. "So you were spying on us! You little voyeur whore, that does it! Get over there and suck that man's cock!" 

I crawled on my knees slowly and got in between Cory's legs, taking his cock in my hand and stroking it gently, it was already wet from Stacy sucking on it, and I could feel it pulse in my hand. The noise of a zipper to the side of me made my little cunt tingle, oh how I loved that sound. I glanced over and saw Stacy begin to suck on the cock of my mother's very own boyfriend, I wasn't even upset! I looked back at Cory, who was still grinning down at me. 

"Happy birthday to you, happy birthday to you, happy birthday dear Cory, happy birthday..." I stopped my song and ran my tongue up the shaft of his swollen member. "To, you..." I said, as I slowed down the words, then I slid his cock deep down my throat, and began to suck. 

"Ohh, fuck yes! That feels great!" Cory said to me in a low groan, sliding his strong hand to the back of my head.

His cock felt very warm and solid in my mouth as I happily sucked on it. This was one of the best cocks I ever sucked in my life! I glanced over and saw Stacy slapping Paul's cock against her tongue, before sliding him back inside and sucking, Paul letting out quiet grunts and groans also. I couldn't believe I was actually doing this, and even allowing all of this, I felt a pang of guilt but it quickly vanished as I felt Cory push my head further down onto his dick. 

The father and son team were laughing and giving each other high fives as they both got serviced by us little sluts. I was sucking on Cory's cock faster now enjoying the feeling of it pulsing in my mouth, and feeling the warmth come off from his pubic hair. I reached into his fly and began to massage his heavy ball sack as well, giving it a little tickle. 

"Yeah that's it, you like this dick, don't you baby girl?" Cory asked me with a groan, pumping his hips a bit faster. 

All I could do was nod my head slightly and moan out in pleasure as my mouth was stuffed full of his cock. 

"Ohh shit, Cory, that bitch girlfriend of mine never sucks me off like this. We need to do father son bonding more often! Not just for birthdays!" I heard Paul say, as he pushed Stacy's head down onto his cock and held her there for a few seconds. 

I heard both guys laugh again, followed by more grunts and moans. Had he just called my mother a bitch! I felt a flood anger start to boil, but then I thought about it. Men need to be serviced and pleasured! If she wasn't going to do it then he'd find somebody else, it was practically her fault. 

I heard Paul's cock slide out of Stacy's mouth with a wet pop, and she giggled and stood up. 

"Alright, I don't know about my little she-devil friend here, but my wet pussy is begging to be filled up! Are you done sucking that guys dick, my little slut?" 

I slid Cory's cock out of my mouth and laughed, looking up at Stacy. We had worked together for a bit now, and this was the most wild and fun thing we had ever done together! I stood up as well. 

"Oh I am definitely feeling the same way! My little snatch is just begging for something warm and thick to ravage it!" I said, looking between both men and giving my cunt a rub over my panties. 

"Alright, so it's settled then. You boys are going to get the time of your lives now. Say, friend, how about we do a little switch again? I ride the birthday boy, and you ride the daddy?" Stacy said to me, with a devilish grin and look on her face. 

My mouth dropped wide open at the suggestion. Ride Paul, my mother's boyfriend! I had never thought of this ever. I glanced back at him and saw his cock, ready for action. Suddenly the idea became very appealing. I nodded my head and turned back to the men.

"Sounds good to me! Make sure the door is locked, and you two better pull your pants down a bit more. It would be a shame if they got stained with sex juices." I said, licking my lips and looking at them, biting my finger lightly. 

As Stacy walked over to lock the door, I watched as Paul and Cory gave each other a fist bump and began to undo their belts, pushing their pants and underwear further down their thighs. Oh boy, I still couldn't believe what I had gotten myself into! I checked again to make sure my mask was firmly in place. 

After Stacy had locked the door, she walked back and we both straddled our men, me on Paul, and Stacy on Cory. The two of them just looked at each other with a grin and moved our panties to the side, before slamming their hips up, and shoving their cocks deep into our little cunts. 

Pretty soon the room was silent and all that could be heard was the sound of grunting and belts clinking as we were fucked. Paul had his hands tightly clasped onto my ass as he bounced me on his cock, grunting with every push. His cock was bigger than I expected, and it did hurt a bit. My quiet whimpers of pain let him know that. 

Paul just let out a chuckle and kept stabbing into me. "You know what you were getting into when you saw my cock missy, you can't quit now, even if it hurts!" He said, giving my ass a firm slap.
