 It all started when Megan came home to find Mike fucking her little sister. Megan had been burned before, but this was her fiancé and it was the last straw. After a huge blow-up Mike was gone and Megan had sworn off men forever. Now I'd known Megan for close to seven years at the time, and in those seven years she'd been with as many men as women. So, Megan going completely lesbian wasn't that big of a deal. The problem was that she chose her women as poorly she chose her men. More than once in the next few months bitchy, deceptive women hurt Megan. 

It wasn't long before she decided that a dildo was all she needed in the bedroom, and her old friends were all she needed for relationships. Now we've all made choices like that before, but they seldom last past the next lonely, horny night. Not Megan though, she held fast for fourteen months. Fourteen months, dozens of vibrators and hundreds of batteries later, we decided something had to be done. Megan was serious, and solo sex was not healthy when it was the only kind of sex you ever had. We took it upon ourselves to show Megan what fun sex could be and how important partners were when we were all on vacation in North Carolina.

Matt, Jenn, Megan, Amy and I met in college, and we've been fast friends ever since. Only two of us have paired up, me and Jenn, aside from that, the normal sexual banter, and a couple lesbian experiments in the dorms none of us had been sexually active with each other. But desperate times call for desperate measures, as you'll soon see. Matt and I are both about six feet tall and weigh in at about 185. Matt is dark skinned and swarthy being of Greek descent, while I'm the classic Californian blonde. Matt and I have both done some acting, and I've done a little modeling as well. Matt is also very bisexual; I love to tease him by walking around naked or brushing against him when we're out. Megan is 5'9", blonde and stunning, with long legs and beautiful hands and feet. Amy and Jenn are both about 5'5", petite and brunette. 

Jenn has the classic hourglass figure, curvy in all the right places with great tits and an ass you just have to grab. Amy on the other hand is an athletic icon. Trim and sleek with muscles that, while not bulgy and masculine, are clearly visible with every move she makes. All three girls are well built and favor clothing that shows this fact. Mini, leather, backless, clingy and strapless are some of their favorite words when it comes to clothing. Megan and Jenn both have a thing for feet as well. They collect shoes, favor sandals and love to fuck in stilettos. Jenn especially loves to foot jack me into her shoes before we go out so she can spend the night with my cum squishing between her toes, every now and then she'll remove a shoe and lick my cum from the shoe or her foot, it's sexy as hell.

We had rented a beach house for a week as we do almost every summer. It was one of our favorites in the area with a large private pool, two hot tubs and a whirlpool bath in every room. On the first morning, Megan went shopping, Matt and Amy went for a swim, and Jenn and I were in our room. She had her toes firmly clamped around the base of my cock, the head was as far down her throat as she could push it, my balls were in her hand, and we each had a finger or two in the other's ass when I came. Jenn gagged on my load and spilled some onto her toes before she slurped up the cum and swallowed.

"I love your jizz, baby!" she cooed as she spun on my finger and rubbed my cum between her toes. She reached for a pair of vintage pink jelly shoes and caught the last of my ejaculation in the heel of her left shoe and transferred some the right. I lay back and sighed as she slipped her jizz covered feet into cum filled jellies and pulled on a pink bikini. "What do you think, semen, sandals and swimwear for the day?"

"Sounds perfect to me." I paused and groaned, "What should we do about Megan? This solo gig has got to stop. It's not healthy, you have to fuck other people, not just rubber dongs."

"I'm wearing your sperm and you're thinking of Megan?" she laughed. Bending down she stuck a finger between her big and second toes and licked the cum from the tip. "Mmm. Seriously though, I agree. She's literally terrified of being in a relationship again. But she won't fuck a stranger, anyway how is that any better than masturbating to a porn, there's still no real interaction. Aside from fucking her ourselves what can we do?"

Now Jenn was not the type to share her lover, neither was I really, but the idea just seemed so perfect. "That's it, but not just you and me, all of us, a sort of friendly orgy."

"No, I don't-

"Just think of it as an intervention. Besides, I know you and Amy and Megan have pulled a threesome before, and you can't tell me you haven't thought about Matt's meat in your cunt."

"Thought about it yes, but actually doing it..."

"If you don't want to we won't even mention it, but how else can we show Megan that sex with people you care about is worth the risk of being hurt?" I was as surprised as Jenn about what I was suggesting. She finally agreed, and I walked to the kitchen, balls in the wind, to find Matt and Amy. They were both at the table, "Come upstairs, we need to talk to you." I said.

"Should I bring the pussy or are you providing it?" Matt gestured to Amy and grinned.

"Amy, why don't you bring the dick, we may need a spare." I replied with a smile of my own. They followed me upstairs; needless to say they took very little convincing. We called Megan on her cell phone to find out that she wouldn't be back until dinner. We set to work.

After preparing a great dinner and setting it to cook, we set to work on wardrobe. The girls put me in tight low-rise leather pants, and Matt in his Speedo. Matt's cock crept over the top of his suit as he took in my shirtless body. "Easy there, Tiger. You'll probably get your chance tonight." I flicked the tip of his cock, and went into the bathroom where Jenn had told me to meet her.

On the floor she had set a pair of strappy, silver stilettos. She took her still slightly moist feet from her jellies and set them next to her stilettos. She pulled my cock from my pants looked at me and said, " I need a lot of cum." And proceeded to fuck me with her throat. After about a minute of this I noticed Amy standing in the doorway watching, at the same time Jenn started yelling "Cum!" which sounded more like "Guhhm!" as she yelled around the meat in her mouth.

She did this five or six times and I obliged her. What she caught in her mouth she drooled into one jelly, and caught what was still coming from my spasming dick in the other. Amy watched in fascination as Jenn poured my cream all over her stilettos, leaving ample amount in the jellies. Jenn then removed Amy's thongs and placed the spunk filled shoes on her feet. Amy giggled as my juices covered her heels, soles and toes. I wiped myself off as Jenn strapped on her cummy sandals, kissed me and left with Amy.

We met on the back deck, the one facing the beach, to eat dinner and await Megan's return. Matt and I were setting the table when Amy and Jenn reappeared, their feet still glistening with jizz. Jenn had traded her pink bikini for silver crotch-less panties and a silver bikini top. She had an inch long diamond chain dangling from her cilt piercing. Amy had opted for a shiny pink, backless napkin top and blue leather miniskirt. We were a fuck ready group.

Megan missed dinner and showed-up just as we were finishing. She was wearing a red bikini top, black and red sarong, and black thong sandals that wrapped around her foot and laced around her ankle. She took in our states of undress, and the bewildered question died on her lips.

Jenn crossed behind Megan and shut the sliding door, clit chain tinkling between her thighs. Amy stood, lifted her shirt and started massaging her pert little breasts. She looked Megan in the eye and said, "You have got to stop this masturbatory madness. You can't stay afraid of relationships and sexual encounters for the rest of your life. So, as your friends we're going to have ourselves a little orgy, and you are going to watch until you join in and have you brains fucked out, or we die of exhaustion. Your choice."

With that Amy tore my pants off and told Matt to suck me off. Matt jumped willingly at the chance and was soon giving me one of the best blowjobs I've ever had. Amy continued massaging her breasts and took a seat directly across from Megan. Jenn kneeled in front of Amy, put Amy's jelly clad foot in her mouth and proceeded to suck my drying cum from between her toes.

Jenn eased back and started to grind her bare pussy against Megan's sandaled foot. Megan had started to masturbate her self when Amy told her to stop. I took my cue, and my penis from Matt's mouth, removed her sarong and bikini bottom and started to eat Megan out. Jenn rolled onto her back and jammed Megan's foot, sandal and all, deep into her pussy, she reached up and took my cock into her hungry mouth.

Amy saw the way both Megan and Jenn shuddered when Megan's foot plunged into Jenn's hole, and decided she needed a foot fucking too. She took Megan's other foot and eased just the toes and tip of sandal into her pussy. As her lips parted in ecstasy, Matt filled her mouth and throat with his 9 inches of meat. Amy gagged but pushed her face harder toward Matt's pelvis. Matt viciously fucked her face; Amy choked and gagged but kept Matt balls deep in her face.

Amy came first, she was a squirter. In between gags and coughs, she came and sprayed Megan's foot, sandal, and leg with her juices. Jenn "Oohed" at the sight and went to lick Amy's cum from Megan's foot. Almost immediately after Amy, Matt exploded in Amy's mouth. Her head fell back and she took a shot in the face. Jizz burbled out of her mouth and she croaked, "More, more cum." She pushed Matt away and reached for me. She pulled my cock from Jenn's mouth and rammed her face onto my meat.

She gagged repeatedly on my shaft and I pushed deep into her throat, I had to reciprocate. I pulled my face from between Megan's legs and watched Jenn move in. As I licked Amy to orgasm again, I heard Jenn yell, "Yes!" Amy and I both paused to see Matt ramming into Jenn from behind. Jenn yelled again, "Yes! Your best friend is fucking your wife in the ass! Yes!" Jenn continued to scream her way to orgasm.

As Jenn came I came massively into Amy's throat and pulled out trailing semen across Amy's face and breasts. As I moved toward Megan, Jenn ripped off Megan's Bikini top and moaned, "My husband is going to fuck you like a cheap whore!" I pulled Megan to the ground, put her legs in the air and buried myself in her pussy. Megan yelped and Amy came to sit on her face. As I pounded Megan and she tongued Amy, Jenn licked the spunk from Amy's face and chest. In between Jenn's grunting caused by Matt's anal abuse, she and Amy exchanged snowballs, Amy even lifted herself to drool some cum into Megan's mouth.

Jenn and Amy swapped places, although Amy didn't want anal so Matt settled for doggie style. Jenn turned toward me on Megan's face and we took turns kissing and licking Megan's feet and sandals.

Eventually Matt and I retired to let the girls work on each other. Jenn asked Amy to fuck her and Megan with her feet; Jenn insisted that Amy leave her jellies on. Amy did both gladly. At one point Amy went inside. Jenn got up went to get two pairs of red pumps, then jerked me and Matt off into them. She and Megan both donned a pair, our spunk squishing over the top and onto the deck, and Jenn then disappeared onto the beach. Megan went inside to find Amy

I thought we were done, but within minutes Jenn had returned with fifteen or twenty guys from the beach. "What's going on?" I asked. She just smiled. Amy and Megan returned to the deck, Amy looking slightly nervous. Jenn took Amy's hand, led her to the table and bent her over the table so that Amy's cunt and asshole were clearly visible. The group of guys cheered.

"Here's the deal," announced Jenn and licked her finger. "Amy's going to pull a train." The guys cheered "You can fuck her here," Jenn pushed her finger in to Amy's pussy, "or here." Jenn moved her finger to Amy's ass. 

Amy jumped and yelled, "No!" the group of guys just laughed. 

Jenn continued, "She's an anal virgin," again cheering and Jenn pushing Amy back over the table. "But you have to cum here." Jenn passed a hand over Megan's face who was kneeling beside Amy and rubbing her leg. "Once you cum, you leave. Deal?" more cheering.

A large black man removed himself from the crowd. He pulled out what must have been a twelve inch cock and pressed it into Amy's wet slit, she groaned with joy. As this happened Jenn came over to me and Matt and said, "Matt, fuck my husband in the ass while I watch and fuck him with my feet." Matt lubed his dick with spit and I spread my legs while Jenn lay on her back and grabbed my dick with her toes. It hurt at first but Matt was gentle, and Jenn kept egging us on saying things like "Fuck my husband til he cums" and "I want you to cover me with your cum". Eventually I got into it, watching Amy and Megan was a perk.

The black man moved from Amy and shot a huge load all over Megan's face. She laughed and licked her lips. The next guy in the line pressed into Amy's virgin ass. She screamed and cried, but she didn't try to stop him. In fact she pushed toward him, the next two or three guys used her ass as well, when they moved to Megan she finished them with her mouth, hands or feet, which were still soaked in spunk. The fifth guy tried to use Amy's pussy, but she insisted on anal, by the eighth guy she was screaming, "Fuck my ass! Oh yeah! Just my ass, my pussy's been fucked for years, my ass has to catch up!" Each guy left after cumming on Megan. 

After Matt pulled out of me and blew his load on Jenn, she finished me with her mouth then moved under the table to watch Amy. Jenn pushed the pointy toe of her punp into Amy's cunt and savagely fucked Amy with her shoe as guy after guy had his way with Amy's ass. The last two were Matt and me. By this time I could've fisted Amy's ass, and Megan was covered with jizz. Her hair was soaked, there wasn't a dry spot on her body, and there looked to be enough semen on the deck around her to fill a kiddie pool. Jenn and Amy curled up with Megan in the pool of cum and proceeded to clean her with their tongues. Megan looked at all of us and whispered, "Thank you."

"Hey," I spoke, "What are friends for?"