 Late in life, our four protagonists discover group sex. Like a hungry person at a feast, they gorge themselves!

My name is Joel Vincent. My wife's name is Claire. We are high school sweethearts, married 34 years. Our longtime friends are John and Amy Bolt. We attend the same church and live just down the street from each other. Over the years, we shared babysitting and hosted sleepovers for our kids.

Years ago, when the stars aligned and either set of grandparents were available, we even managed to squeeze in vacations without the kids. Early on, when money was tight, we shared rooms to keep the cost down. Nothing kinky happened.

Last night we went out for dinner and drinks to celebrate my 54th birthday. And we all ended up fucking. We are in our fifties, for chrissake! Let me get this out of the way right up front. Nobody, I mean nobody is a svelte, exercise crazy, pre seniors.

I'm 5' 11", 230 and Claire is 5' 2", 170. John is as least as heavy as I am and just as tall. Amy is a big ruddy woman who jiggles all over when she walks. So you get the picture. Neither of us is model material. Unless you are looking for plus size teddy bear models!

I need to back up. My mind is still reeling. Let's start at the beginning.

It was a few mornings ago, Saturday. Claire and I were sitting on the patio having our second coffee of the morning. Our house backs up to a large forest preserve. It's a bitch in the summer with mosquitos and such. However, the payoff is the occasional deer standing in our yard nibbling on the acacias.

You get the picture. It is quiet and private. Our nearest neighbors, the Bolts, are 200 feet away behind chest high shrubs. It was already sultry, promising an unusual steamy day in central California. I was barefoot in my pajama bottoms. Claire wore one of my old t-shirts. It hung off her like an ill-fitting nightgown, emphasizing her big ass.

I stopped keeping track of Claire's bra size when she went into E cups. Her breasts are huge but not obscenely so. They sag comfortable on her chest in all of their pink glory. Her nipples sit about two thirds up that sag and protrude prominently. She has always had large sensitive nipple. Back in the day, I loved to fuck her breasts while pulling on her nipples. We both had hard messy orgasms. Me all over her face. I loved watching her first lasciviously lick her lips then use her hands to clear her eyes. I thought then and still do now that cumming on a woman's face was the height of eroticism. For her part, Claire could squirt a stream a couple of feet down the bed.

I liked her in my t-shirt though. It showed off the bottom of her broad ass. We are not the Energizer bunnies we were earlier in life. However, we have our moments.

"The Bolts are going to dinner with us tonight to celebrate your birthday."

"Claire! I told you I didn't want any fuss this year."

"Darling there won't be any fuss. Besides, Amy and I need an excuse for a shopping trip."

Exasperated, I reached down, grabbed my foot and rammed it deep in my mouth...figuratively.

"So where does Amy shop? Omar the tentmaker?"

The look I got would have frozen white-hot lava spewing from an active volcano.

"Amy and I are the same size"

Claire stood and flounced into the house. I turned my face to the sky with my arms out stretched in supplication to the gods. I had fucked up big time. I watched her broad ass shift from side to side as she stomped into the kitchen. Her back was an exclamation point.

I am not going to describe the next few hours of ass kissing. And that is figurative ass kissing. Our sex life is pretty vanilla.

Suffice it to say, that later I was sitting in an incredibly expensive restaurant in the city. Across from me, Amy is on her second Tequila Sunrise. I lost count of John's Jack and Cokes. And I may as well fess up. I had my share of gin and tonics. Claire was on her third glass of white wine.

The waiter was clearing the remains of an excellent dinner. I blanched as I saw the size of the bill. Thank god, John grabbed it and paid the waiter. The tip must have been substantial. He bowed so deep I thought he was going to give John a blowjob.

It was a fun evening, despite my original reluctance. The Bolts are good friends and I was comfortable with them. So when we crawled into the cab outside the restaurant, I was in a good mood. And so was everyone else. It was alcohol fueled, but what the hell, a good time is a good time!

John and Amy sat across from us in the cab on the way home. She was slumped on John's shoulder, her legs crossed at the ankles with her legs spread at the knees. She was dead to world. I could see her pink thighs well up her dress.

Next to me, Claire was not in much better shape. She curled up on the seat with her head in my lap. Her feet extended out on the bench seat. Her dress had ridden up exposing her stocking tops. I caught John leering drunkenly at my wife's stocking clad legs.

"Take a picture of Amy," he slurred, "she'll be pissed in the morning but I want a picture of her passed out drunk."

I read somewhere that alcohol does not make you do what you would not normally do. It suppresses your inhibitions allowing you to do what you really wanted to anyway. I do not know about all that shit! A fucking drunk is a fucking drunk. They do silly shit!

With some effort, Claire was snoring loudly in my lap, I retrieved my cell phone from my suit pants pocket.

John was trying unsuccessfully to suppress a case of the giggles. I scooted down in the seat. The alcohol said the best picture would be up her skirt. The flash of camera blinded me briefly. When I recovered, I reviewed my handiwork.

Thanks to modern technology and all the anti-shake, autofocus, etc., etc. gizmos, I had an excellent picture up Amy's skirt. It showed her bare pink legs and white panties. I thought I could see the faintest hint of a wet spot.

"Gimmee! Gimmee!" I handed the camera to John. Bleary eyed, he extended his arms to let his old folks eyes focus. "She always gets a little wet when she has been drinking. Now let me take one of you two."

Did I mentioned we had been drinking? Claire is a prude. Oh, we have had our moments in bed. Admittedly, not as often as we used to. Claire was raised in a deeply religious family. She had all of the teachings and hang-ups that entails. For the first two or three years of our marriage, a blowjob was the height of eroticism. We were five years in before she let me cum on her face the first time. It must have been around twenty years before we had our first anal. Still, I rested my hand on her rump and smiled weakly.

"Could you pull her skirt up a little?"

I over did it! I intended to just grab the front of her skirt and pull it up. Somehow I pulled up above her crotch. I blinked as the flash went off.

Giggling insanely, John handed me the camera phone. Through the beige crotch of my wife's pantyhose, you could make out the mingled grey and black of her pubic hair.

The cab arriving at our door saved us from further juvenile behavior. Little did I know it was only the beginning.

John and I woke our wives and pointed them at our front door. With the false dignity of drunks, they tried to walk up our driveway. They were both a little broad across the beam. However, Amy's seemed to jiggle more.

After several collisions and a near tumble, they wrapped their arms around each other's waist and completed the journey.

Once inside we had the obligatory argument about john and Amy being too drunk to drive even the short distance to their home. Finally, they agreed to spend the night in our guest room as they had many times before. Claire surprised me by offering everyone a glass of wine before we retired. We all agreed.

As we sat sipping our wine, the title of the conversation was incoherency. In the midst of our disjointed rambling punctuated by spontaneous giggles, John asked for my phone. Without thinking, I handed it to him. He promptly showed the ladies the pictures we took. Surprisingly there were no blasts of outrage. They tittered and commented about boys being boys.

Then John made the suggestion that accelerated our slide into perversion.

"Why don't the three of you get against that wall over there and I'll take a picture of the birthday boy."

I was the only one who was reluctant. Maybe it was a moment of prescience where I saw where this would lead. Claire and Amy drug me to my feet and pulled me to the wall. I recall feeling uncomfortable.

"Wait," Claire slurred, "this isn't a hanging. Smile and put your arms around us."

"Yes, here," Amy said. With that, she snuggled close, wrapped her arm around my waist and then drew my arm around hers. The bottom of her large breasts covered my hand.

"Wait! Wait!" Claire said. She repeated Amy's posing but placed my hand on her breast.

"Hold on! Now we are out of balance. Joel, move your hand up on Amy's breast."

With the lowered inhibitions brought on by alcohol, I palmed both women's breast. When John said say 'cheese', I squeezed both of their tits. From Amy's side there was a startled titter. Claire moaned and leaned in to me.

Amy gave me a quick glance as we separated and moved back toward the divans.

"We need to get a photo with John in the middle." I'm not sure why I said that.

However, I got no resistance. I recall having mixed feelings as John cupped Claire's breast. At one level was a touch of jealousy. Another man was touching my wife. At another level was arousal. I had never seen another man touch Claire in such an intimate fashion.

As the camera flashed, John squeezed her breast. Her hand shot up and covered his. Confusion played across her face. Neither of us was sure if the hand was attempting to push John's away or hold it tighter. I could see she was flushed. A faint sheen of perspiration covered her forehead.

"John, why don't you fix us a nightcap and we'll call it a night. Amy, I have a gown that will fit you. Come on and we can change."

Amy was balancing herself against the wall with one hand. During our photo shoot we consumed all of the Chablis.

"Look, girl, I can sleep in whatever you sleep in."

I watched as Claire and Amy staggered down the hall. Again, I watched Amy's large ass sway as she weaved down the hall. She and Claire may have worn the same size, but Amy's ass was more of a bubble while Claire was all hips.

I decided on Drambuie for the nightcap. I was too drunk to do more than pour the snifters to a decent level. I set one balloon on the coffee table in front of John. The other two I placed on the end tables adjacent to the divan. I flopped down on the divan opposite John. The room swam disturbingly.

I must have dozed. When I woke up, Claire was sitting next to me stroking my thigh. Across from us, Amy was trying to figure out the intricacies of a camera phone. As my eyes focused, I realized both women were wearing my t-shirts.

"Here, Joel, take a picture of John passed out. I'll show him about taking pictures of me while I'm sleep!"

She passed me the phone. Amy rose to her knees on the divan with John in front of her. John's head was even with her pussy. She grabbed his head and pulled it toward her. She leaned forward so that his lips were just touching her hairy bush.

"Take the picture!"

I pressed the button. The camera flashed. Grinning like she had a mouthful of hornets, Amy attempted to step from the divan to the floor. She slipped and fell on her behind. Her legs flew into the air

Reflexively, I pressed the button. The camera flashed. My wife began to titter uncontrollably.

Amy lay on the floor with her legs akimbo. I could see the forest of her hairy pussy. In the cab, John said she got wet when she drank. I saw the evidence in front of me. Her black pubic hair gleamed with wetness. It matted her thatch to her butterfly pussy lips.

Her vaginal lips were thick and meaty. Her puffy slit was swollen and open. Her clit extended pinkly from her hood. I could see the opening of her inner lips pulsing wetly. Amy's hand idly rubbed her mons. The other arm was across her belly. She joined my wife giggling.

The Bolts were 30 year friends. I have watched her breast feed her kids. I have caught glimpses of her topless and/or nude on our many shared vacations. Aside from getting a chubby, I never had any sexual thoughts about her. Somehow, she now looked like a plus size version of a porn star.

She lay not 4 feet from me with her legs spread and all I could think of was licking her fat pussy. I shot my wife a guilty look. She too seemed entranced by Amy's display.

"Okay! Your turn, Claire!"

"What? I can't...!"

"Well, your husband took a picture of my pussy. Somebody needs to take a picture of yours."

"This is getting out of hand! Come on, Amy, I'll help you turn down the bed. Joel, get John up."

Amy rolled to her knees with her ass pointing at me as she tried to stand.

"Amy! Cover yourself! Joel can see your lady parts"

Still on her knees, Amy used one hand and pulled ineffectually at the hem of my t-shirt.

Amy looked back over her shoulder, grinned and wiggled her ass at us. It jiggled.

"Either I got too much ass or too little shirt," she said, "Cuz I can't cover it."

"Amy," Claire slurred, "you have really had too much to drink."

Amy rolled to her back, again giving Claire and I an unobstructed view of the vista between her thighs. I could see where the wetness of her pussy transferred to her chubby pink thighs.

"God yes," she said with an airy wave of her hand, "but I haven't had this much fun in years." She set up, tried to cross her legs as she sat on the floor, realized it was a futile action and leaned back against the couch. John lay on the divan on his side facing us snoring loudly.

Claire stood, wobbled and walked over to our friend. "Here, let me help you up."

"Wait! Let me show you something first."

Claire stood above her with her hand extended weaving slightly. From my position on the divan, her ass looked positively delectable. I struggled to my feet and took a few unsteady steps toward her. I wrapped my arms around her waist and blew into her ear.

Claire had few erogenous zones. However, blowing in her ear was an absolute turn on for her. She moaned, lay her head on my shoulder and crossed her hands over mine. She began to rotate her ass against me.

"Look!" Amy's voice was muffled. We looked down to see that she had unzipped John's suit pants, extracted his cock and was licking it with long strokes. She held it in one hand and turned to us. "He loves it when I do this." She turned back, took his sizable tool in her mouth and began bobbing slowly on it.

Claire and I watched in an alcohol induced trance as our friend sucked her husband's cock in our living room. I felt Claire's hands tighten on mine. She pressed back harder against me. I heard a stifled moan.

Even passed out, John's cock reacted to Amy's sucking. It grew and his hips pumped slowly in the rhythm with his wife. Amy had the other hand between her thighs, slowly fingering her pussy.

We were all shitfaced. Nevertheless, it was one of the most erotic scenes we ever witnessed. However, Claire and I had never witnessed a blowjob so our experience was limited. I pulled my t-shirt up, exposing my wife's hairy pussy. I used my other hand to slowly palm and squeeze her large tit. She groaned. Her ass' pressure against my cock increased.

I managed to unbuckle my pants and let them drop to the floor. I bent my knees slightly, pushed forward and slid effortlessly into my wife's pussy. She moaned and leaned forward to provide better access. I grasped her hips and began pounding her from behind. It was the first time we fucked like this.

On the floor, Amy was multi-tasking. She was vigorously sucking John's cock making loud slurping sounds, fingering her pussy causing it to make wet sloshing sounds and watching Claire and I fuck.

John's eyes fluttered open. One hand went down to stroke his wife's hair. As his eyes focused, he watched Claire and me fuck standing up. We were lost in the moment.

"Fuck! Aw fuck!" She groaned as I slid slowly in and out of her.

On the floor, Amy stopped sucking John and stared wide eyed at us fucking. John sat up on the couch and shook his head to clear it. His cock poked wetly through his open pants. He pulled Amy to her feet then pulled her down on his cock in a reverse cowboy. Amy began to bounce on his tool. She alternated between closed eyed ecstasy and open eyed curiosity as she watched Claire and I fuck.

Claire's legs gave way and she fell to all fours. My cock popped out and hung wetly. I saw Amy lick her lips. I sank down behind my wife, grasped her big sweaty hips and slid easily back in.

Amy leaned forward, slid off John's cock to all fours next to Claire. John slid to his knees behind his wife. I could not see him enter her but her deep lustful groan signaled it.

He looked at me and gave me a drunken grin. I felt Claire tighten as her first small orgasm hit her. My wife was not exactly multi orgasmic. She had a series of mini orgasms before she had the big soul shaking one.

I looked down to see Amy pumping away on her husband's cock. However, she was watching me. Then it happened.

Amy slid forward off John's cock. He collapsed back against the couch, breathing heavily. She crawled over to me, head to toe with Claire. At that moment, Claire had her soul shaking orgasm and fell to the floor on her belly.

With an agility that belied her size and alcohol deadened reflexes, Amy turned her ass toward me. I looked at John sitting semi-conscious against the couch. I looked down at my wife's heaving back. I walked sideways on my knees, held my cock with one hand and slid it into the pussy of my friend of 30 years.

Even in my inebriated state, I knew she was unusually wet. The thought swam into my mind that John had cum and I was sliding around in his seed as I fucked his wife doggy. The feeling was incredible. Amy's big ass slammed violently against my crotch. She sounded like an old car trying to start.

Several times in the next few minutes, I lost track of time, I felt her pussy spasm. Each time she let out a little scream almost like the yip of a dog. I could tell she wanted to stop but I was a man possessed. I pounded her unmercifully.

Sometime during this, John crawled over. I watched as he knelt above my comatose wife and kissed her ass. While I plumbed the depths of Amy's amazing pussy, I watched him pull my wife's ass cheeks apart and tongue her anus.

The effect on Claire was electric. Her substantial ass shot into the air, she raised herself on all fours and tried to crawl away. She looked back at him desperately. Her eyes widened as she witnessed Amy and I fucking like animals.

As she opened her mouth to say something, John rolled her to her side. He forced his head between her fat thighs and began either licking her pussy or her ass, I could not tell from my vantage point. Whatever it was, she liked it. Her hips pumped against his head. Then my wife of 30 years scooted forward and took another man's cock in her mouth.

It was too much! I slammed hard into Amy several times pushing her up the carpet. She gave a primal scream, her back began to undulate as though she had no spine. As I pumped my seed into her, I felt wet squirt against my crotch. I collapsed on top of Amy and passed out.

Sometime during the night, I woke to see Amy and Claire in a 69 position. John lay on his side looking away from them passed out.

We awoke in the morning in a puppy pile. Amy lay across my legs, her head near my shriveled cock. John spooned her. Claire lay against me her head cradled in my shoulder.

My head was pounding to the tune of the Anvil Chorus. My mouth was dry and gummy.

"Oh Jesus! What happened?" It was Amy raising up, staring first at my cock laying inches from her mouth and then up to where Claire lay cuddled up with me.
