 And then there were four

 This story follows on from "And then . . . . ", which features the first meeting of a highly sexual couple who live 5000 miles apart. Their respective partners are aware of the attraction, and have encouraged them to meet. 

 The second chapter "And next" followed on from their first time together in Tucson, Arizona, and the shower afterwards to clean up, when Tom took great pleasure from Karly's full yet tight ass, and gave her pleasure aplenty in return before both fell deeply asleep.

 Chapter three "And so" detailed how Karly performed a superb blow job on Tom, then after a wonderful day together Tom was finally introduced to Karly's husband Stuart. 

 Chapter four "And now" involved introducing Stuart to Tom socially, then sexually, both men satisfying Karly more than ever before, Tom sleeping on his own afterwards to prepare for the arrival the following day of his long-term lover, and love, Susan. Here we go . . . 





I woke late once again, the clock telling me it was nearly 10a.m. as I fought my eyes open. Susan's flight was due in just before 3, which gave us a few hours to wake up and get ready to go and collect her from the airport. As much as I had thoroughly and completely enjoyed the past few days with you, and latterly Stuart, revelling in the amazing connection we had made and, of course, the mind-blowing sex, I really had missed Sue terribly since I had only seen her physically twice in the past 7-8 months due to her caring for her sick aunt. 

 Once I had taken care of my morning ablutions I returned to lay on my bed again for a few minutes, opening the photo app on my phone and drinking in some of the sexy photos of Sue I'd used to help me 'relieve' myself when I hadn't been looking at pictures of you. 

 I know I'm a bit biased, but she really is gorgeous. At 5'5" she isn't particularly small by UK standards, though in comparison to your statuesque 5'10" and both Stuart and me at over 6 feet, she would be by far the smallest of us all. Shoulder-length black hair topped a full-breasted, curvaceous body, lovely round buttocks and well-muscled legs. Sue's preference was usually to have her pubic mound and pussy lips shaved smooth, though I wasn't sure if she'd have had the time or inclination to keep that up during the time she had been taking care of her aunt. 

 It's probably germane to point out that Sue is originally from an island called Great Inagua, in the Bahamas. Her father was a Scottish merchant navy skipper who'd sailed round the Caribbean as a young man, met Luana (Sue's mother) who was just finishing her college degree at the time, and married her in what they still called a whirlwind of lust and love. Luana herself was half Bahamian and half Cuban Spanish, and had a fiery temper matched only by her huge capacity for loving and caring for, other people, her family first and foremost. I think that's where Sue got her own compassionate nature from, in addition to her great enjoyment of life and loving in all its forms. 

 I had met Sue in a city called Leicester, in England, when I was working there nearly 20 years ago now, her parents having retired there when her dad finally gave up the sea. She had just ended a bad marriage to a guy who had beaten her often in the final years of their marriage, before she'd finally had enough and left him; he had made her wait two whole years until she could divorce him, thankfully they'd had no kids or it would have been FIVE years - such were the UK divorce laws at the time. So, for her to meet, like and finally fall in love with me, a white guy no less, was (I later found out) something of a miracle. 

 Oh, did I not mention it before? Sue is what society calls 'black' though, in fact, she is a lovely dark chocolate brown all over. Apart from - the lower half of her breasts and small triangles covering her pudenda and buttocks, where the occasions she gets out in what sun we ever get in a bikini tans the rest of her, and the inner lips of her vagina, which are a beautiful shade of pink that contrasts incredibly sexily with her dark skin. 

 This then was my partner of 15 years, joint sexiest woman I've ever known (the other being you, in case no-one realised!) love of my life and the woman who could hardly wait to meet you and Stuart before exploring every nook and cranny of your bodies.

 As I slowly scrolled through the picture roll, my penis thickened and stiffened without any touch or help from me, though when I touched the head it still felt a bit tender from the exertions of the past few days. Rather than take care of things in the normal way, I figured I'd wait until Sue got here and we could be together; I was keen to be with her, for hugs, kisses and loving, and I knew she felt the same way. 

 ~   

 As we approached the airport car park with less than half an hour to landing time, I found that all of a sudden I was really nervous! I had no idea why; it wasn't like Sue didn't know about me and you - or, indeed, about me you and Stuart - as I had kept her up to date with our activities at her own request. These stories of our lust-filled time together had made our calls much more exciting than they usually were, with Sue asking all sorts of questions about what you liked, what she'd like you to do to her (!) but mostly her telling me she wanted me to fuck her at least as hard and deep as I had been doing to you. 

 And maybe that was it, some sort of "performance anxiety" with Sue after 15 years with no issues; then I decided that no, that was ridiculous, it must be simply having not physically seen her for so long. 

 Car parked we headed into the terminal, you in the middle of Stu and me with your arms linked through one each of ours, the back of our hands squashed firmly against the fullness of your breasts. You had dressed in a reprise of an earlier outfit, namely what I had been informed was called a gypsy skirt, full and flowing, with an embroidered denim shirt keeping your upper half decent! From the feel of your breast against my hand it felt like you had foregone the services of a bra today, which led me to ponder whether or not you were wearing any panties . . . . 

 We reached the arrival gate just as the tannoy announced the arrival of Sue's flight. For once, it seemed immigration went easy on her and within ten minutes, there she was. My lady. My heart skipped when I caught my first glimpse of her, dressed simply in snugly-fitting yellow jeans topped by a white v-necked t-shirt, and I saw the huge smile across her face a she spotted me, then you two, before running towards me and hurling herself into my arms from about 10 feet away!

 The first kiss allayed any fears or worries I thought I had. Sue almost devoured me in that first couple of minutes, covering my whole face in kisses, concentrating on my mouth and lips as she thrust her tongue deep inside my mouth. My hands were grasping her gorgeously round butt cheeks as her legs wrapped round my waist to keep her from falling, her firm tits pressing hard against my chest, all of it causing my cock to tent out the front of my jeans again the lower curve of her arse. 

 Eventually she let her legs straighten out and slide down the outside of my legs, which meant her arms tightened round my neck and her boobs pressed even harder against my chest. With one last kiss she pulled back to look at me, noticing then that you and Stuart were waiting patiently on either side of me. 

 I pulled Sue close to me as I turned towards you both and introduced her to you both. Ladies first; Sue took your proffered hand and shook it politely before letting go to move close into you and hug you tightly, your tightly-packed mounds in their denim covering pretty much level with her face. Sue had obviously spotted what I had also seen earlier, namely that you had left at least three of the buttons on your shirt undone to let your cleavage show. I knew what was coming before Sue did it; she placed her face between your tits and hugged you tightly, her hands pressing your full breast flesh firmly against her face. 

 Laughing, she stood back and said, 

 "Thank you Karly, for looking after my man! I love you already, and I hope we can get to know each other a lot better!" 

 Before you could regain your composure and reply, she turned to Stuart and hugged him too, her hands reaching round to squeeze his buns much to his surprise.

 "And I've heard a lot about you, too, mister," she went on, "I hope to make your acquaintance soon . . . and your friend!" said as she patted Stu's crotch even as she reached up to kiss him on the mouth. 

 I couldn't help but laugh at the shocked expression on your faces; I guess I hadn't really quite prepared you for the part-time whirlwind that is my lover and best friend! We collected her baggage trolley and headed out for the car, Susan hanging on to me and chatting away non-stop about the past 8 months, how she'd missed me terribly and been upset about both her aunt dying and the likelihood of not getting to visit the U.S. and you in particular. 

 When we got to the car Sue insisted that she sit in the back with me and you, starting off by sitting between us on the "bump" of the back seat, still able to reach forward enough to stroke Stuart's head or shoulders if she wished, while you were sitting directly behind him. As he started the drive home she left him to concentrate on the road, turning her attentions to me - and you. 

 "So Karly," she began her interrogation gently, "how have you enjoyed playing with Tom?"

 You were a bit better prepared now for Sue's questions and answered casually,

 "Well, sweetie, Tom and I have had a LOT of fun together; and some with Stu as well. Speaking for Stu and me," you went on, "we can hardly wait to have you join us!"

 Sue smiled widely at that answer and, turning towards you, she slipped her arms round your shoulders then leant over to kiss you square on the lips! That shook you for a second I could see, but you quickly reciprocated while wrapping your own arms round Sue's petite frame. She quickly moved her body until she was facing you and sitting half on your lap, her legs stretched out over mine as the two of you made out. 

 Ever since I've known Sue and we started discussing our sexual tastes she told me she was attracted to women, even though up til that point she had never acted on it other than an occasional kissing session. Since then she had incorporated her desires into our sex life as part of the role play scenarios we engaged in from time to time, but it seemed she had now decided that as she knew you had, in fact, enjoyed the company of other women in the past, that you were the woman she intended to lose her feminine virginity to!

 I surmised this when, to complement the heavy-duty kissing that was going on, Sue slipped her left hand – the one freer to move – inside the open neck of your shirt, the movement causing a further button to pop open and allowing me to see her hand stroke your breast softly until she was cupping the full weight in her palm, her finger and thumb gently nipping the flesh of your already stiff, naked nipple; the moan of delight that escaped from between your still-locked lips almost caused Stuart to swerve off the road, so sexually charged did it sound. 

 From my close proximity to you I could smell your arousal, so I half-turned towards you both and slipped my right hand under the hem of your skirt and ran it up the length of your smooth leg, easing your thighs apart just enough to reach your pussy – which was bereft of covering, just as I had suspected! The flood of juices flowing from your honeypot was greater than anything I'd felt from you up to this point, a fact I lost no time in telling Sue. 

 "Karly is SO wet from you darling," I whispered in Sue's ear, "She just loves what you're doing. If you want to make her cum," I went on, knowing that she would, "She adores having her nipples squeezed, nipped and sucked deep into your mouth. I'm going to finger her pussy for you . . . . "

 You obviously could hear every word I said too, as the increased flood of pussy fluid over my fingers demonstrated all too well. Sue used her other hand to unfasten all but one of remaining buttons on your shirt, shifting her left hand on to your left breast and lifting it out of the confining denim towards her face. She now released your lips from their oral embrace and instead lowered her mouth to your nipple, the flesh dark pink and swollen in anticipation of what was about to happen. 

 I now had my forefinger bent and pressing firmly against your clitoris while the other three were slowly sliding in and out of your soaking cunt. I felt your inner muscles tighten around my digits in time with Sue taking your turgid nipple between her lips, tongue flicking the very tip before sucking hard and virtually inhaling a good-sized part of your breast into her mouth. I watched avidly as she suckled on your firm mound, then thought you might enjoy both your tits being sucked at the same time, as you had with Stu and me so recently. Keeping my fingers in the same rhythm I lowered my head to your right breast, seeking and finding the rigid peak easily, sucking it deep between my lips. 

 "Oh, you dirty fuckers!" you breathed, "Yes! Keep doing it to me! ALL of it!" snapping your thighs tightly together on my arm just in case I might have had any thought of removing it – which, of course, I did not. Now I was face to face with my love, her eyes gleaming in excitement and lust much as I surmised my own were, both of us suckling hard on your fulsome breasts. I managed to impart to Sue by a slight nod and some, presumably a bit bizarre, eye movements, that she should slide her left hand down to join my hand between your thighs; not only did she quickly glean my meaning, her hand was moving even before I had finished so keen was she to touch the centre of you. 

 Your own eyes were closed by now, all the better to relish the strong sexual feelings coursing through your body, your arms now spread wide and resting lightly on my and Sue's shoulders as we ministered to you; somehow you were now sitting in the centre of the rear seat, and Stuart was able to get a good view of everything – or nearly everything! – that was going on. What he couldn't see was your fingers slipping alongside mine, using your copious amounts of lubrication to easily slip them inside your slick hole and cause you to clamp down on two sets of fingers as you edged nearer to your climax. What he DID see was the effect me removing my fingers from your slit had, while Sue folded hers into a sort of pointed shape which she used to slide virtually all her fingers and thumb inside you like some sort of thick, fake cock. 

 Your back arched as your orgasm erupted inside you, Sue and I still sucking crazily on your tits with my now redundant right hand squeezing the firm flesh tightly as I tried to cram even more of your right breast inside my mouth as I sucked it hard. Sue had released her thumb from the mini pyramid she had created and was rubbing it furiously against your clit, fingers buried deep inside your hot pussy, trapped by your thighs clamped tightly together. 

 One nice thing about your car – as with many I had seen during my time in Arizona – was the heavily tinted rear windows, which prevented other drivers/passengers from seeing what we were doing. Unfortunately for Stuart, that preventative measure did not apply to him and he was having an increasingly difficult time trying to concentrate on the road ahead. Somehow he managed it and by the time we arrived back at the house, sadly for Stuart your orgasm had abated, Sue and I had finally let go of your somewhat abused tits and Sue was quietly licking the remainder of your juices from her fingers. He was able to see the still rock-hard, very red nipples which adorned your swollen boobs and Sue had very kindly lifted your skirt above your waist to allow him – and us – a clear view of your sodden, ravaged pussy. 

 When we finally managed to exit from the car both you and Susan were somewhat unsteady on your feet, you much more so than Sue for fairly obvious reasons! Stuart put his arm round you to "help" you inside, taking advantage of his proximity to let his hand fall onto your boob and give it a gentle, squeeze as he walked you indoors, his other hand carrying one of Sue's cases despite my objections. 

 I carried Sue's other, bigger case inside, my own 'empty' hand landing on Sue's swaying plump derriere, squeezing it firmly as we walked to what was now our bedroom. As you and Stuart went into your own room, you looked over to us and said,

 "Give her Hell from me, sweetie; make her cum even harder than she made me!" Laughing, you took Stu by the hand and practically dragged him through the door, obviously revitalised and ready for some more lovin'!

 Sue replied quickly, with laughter in her own voice.

 "If he doesn't, there WILL be Hell to pay!" before mirroring your actions by dragging me through the door. 

 Once we'd dumped her case, Sue fell into my arms and we kissed for a long time. When we came up for air, I held her face in my hands and told her how much I loved her and missed her, taking my hands off her face one at a time to stroke her bum, her sides, her boobs, reacquainting myself with her unique feel, taste and smell. I bent down to kiss her again, only this time I first tugged her t-shirt from the waistband of her jeans and pulled it over her head, revealing the gleaming chocolate skin of her wonderful cleavage to my gaze, covered only by the gauziest, laciest bra she had ever worn. I could clearly see the darkness of her thick nipples and areolas through the material, and my hand immediately went to the cross strap where I deftly unhooked the clip to release her womanly treasures. 

 Sue kept her arms by her sides for a few seconds, keeping her beauties covered longer just to tease me some more! With a low growl I slid the straps down her arms, pulling the cups of the bra from her breasts and revealing them in all their glory to my hungry eyes. And hands. And mouth. 

 Sinking to my knees meant my head was at just the right height for me to take her gloriously round tits in both hands, push them together so her thick nipples were almost touching then suck them both together between my lips, feeling the exquisitely formed nubs harden even more against my probing tongue. Sue moaned as she pressed my face into her flesh, my hands roaming down to cup her buttocks and press her groin against my ribs as she gyrated slowly to and fro on my body. I couldn't maintain the double lip-lock on her nipples, so let her left breast fall free while I concentrated for now on the right one. 

 We read so much about men's inability to multi-task. Let me tell you something; we can! I was quite easily able to stimulate my lady's nipple and breast while simultaneously teasing her other with my right hand and undoing the snap of her jeans, unzipping them and sliding them down her slim legs, all at the same time. My returning left hand found that Sue had elected to wear fairly robust, comfortable panties on her trip, perhaps in anticipation of what had happened in the car; they were completely soaked, to the point where later closer inspection showed her jeans were also quite damp! Panties too were slipped down Sue's thighs and legs, where she then stepped delicately out of the bunched garments with no loss of contact to her body by me. 

 It had been many months since I had held my lady naked; though I had seen very occasional skyped glimpses of her sexy body, it could never be as wonderful as seeing and touching the real thing. I sat back on my folded legs to take in the full and complete image of my lover, noting immediately that she had indeed found the time, and inclination, to shave her pussy smooth except for a small, closely-trimmed landing strip just above the top of her cleft. Her inner labia were already swollen and glistening, the inner pink clearly visible between her slightly spread thighs. 
