 My thanks to Mike Black for graciously editing for me.

I was an attractive 19-year old female with an above-average sex drive. I lived in the San Francisco Bay area and loved the freedom that was accepted as the norm there. I lived in a modest apartment in a complex right on the bay. I met a couple there. He was a marine from Indiana and had been stationed there for several months when I met them. She worked at the same department store I did. 

Veronica was a very attractive young woman, about three years older than me, with black hair, the cutest freckles and a drop-dead gorgeous body! I frequented her place and she mine. We got to be close friends. Her hubby Mike was a "strong, silent type." A very handsome man, who rarely spoke. He would watch TV or work on his Harley when I was over there, so there was very little conversation between us. 

One day at work, Veronica asked me to come over that night after I'd gotten cleaned up to go out. I asked her where were we going. But she shushed me and sent me on. I was somewhat intrigued by her mysterious approach at getting me over that night -I came over there often- but I prepared to go out like she asked, as if it were any other night out. 

When I arrived at her apartment, Mike wasn't there and Veronica was waltzing about the place in her matching lilac bra and panties. Her hair and makeup were perfect. I was struck at how beautiful her body was and how nice she looked and I told her so, but still didn't think much of it -girls are so much more intimate that way than men, so it didn't bother me in the least to tell her how nice her figure looked in the set. We were in the kitchen and when I said it, she sauntered over to me, put her arms around me and kissed me deep on the lips. I was shocked, but immediately turned on, and returned her kiss, gladly. My hands were unsure where to go, with all the soft exposed skin. I still wasn't sure of her intentions, this being my first time being kissed by another woman and all. She pulled me in close to her and then wriggled her tongue into my mouth. She was frenching me! My best friend was dueling tongues with me right there in the kitchen! I was thrilled, if not a little confused. She pulled back and looked me in the eyes and said she'd wanted to do that for weeks. 

Just as I was about to reply -with something lame I'm sure, Mike came into the kitchen. His response was a surprised "DAMN!" and an instant hard-on. Veronica told him she'd only just kissed me and I tasted really good, and would he like some? He said "Sure honey" and took her place in front of me, deeply kissing me. I was in heaven. He was so handsome and she was a beautiful woman. Mike kissed me and pulled me into him as I responded eagerly to his touch. I could feel his cock bulging into my belly, and I was instantly wet. 

He suggested we take it to the bedroom, if I was willing, so we all three giggled into their room, where I'd sat innocently on the bed countless times before, waiting on her to get ready to go out. What had once been familiar territory was now new and exciting. Veronica came to me at the side of the bed and started undressing me while her tongue roamed all over my neck and chest. Behind her, Mike was pulling his clothes off and I got to see his thick, veiny uncut cock for the first time. It sprang up as he pulled his boxers down. He was fisting his cock as he stepped out of them, showing me what lay in store. 

By this time, Veronica had me down to my white lace bra and cotton bikinis, licking and kissing me all over. She knelt down and began sucking my clit through my panties and I thought I'd come out of my skin. Mike lay down on the bed, cock still in hand, and told Veronica to bring it over there. She and I both moved over and began licking and sucking his cock and balls as he lay back rolling Veronicas tits and fingering my pussy through the wet, white fabric. He was so turned on he nearly came right then, but we stopped and started taking off our underthings. When she removed her bra, I could feel my jaw drop, and wanted more than anything to suck and play her perfect breasts. She could've won awards with those magnificent orbs. 

Once I was naked, I reached out my hand and started rubbing, kneading and lifting them. They were truly perfect. Her nipples were large, brown and erect. I leaned over and sucked a nipple into my mouth. It was hard, yet soft and palatable. While I sucked her tits, Mike directed my ass to his face and began licking and slurping my pussy and clit. I came in minutes and he licked every drop of cum from me, then kissed Veronica deeply, sharing my cum with her. I then moved to sit on his cock, compelled by an urge to be fucked deep and hard, as Veronica now took my place on his face. I was bouncing up and down on his cock immediately, needing no further direction. 

I was about to cum again, and I leaned toward Veronica and got her to meet me in a deep kiss while we explored each others' tits. I could hear the breathy moans emanating from her as her orgasm rose. Mike was a master at cunnilingus, knowing just when, where and how to bring a woman to orgasm, I found that out early, so I pulled back from her just as she went over the top, and watched her eyes roll back and her body writhe and shudder at the onset of her explosive orgasm. She was moaning, and breathing in short gasps with the convulsions in her pussy. As she quivered, I felt the same intensity welling up in me, and the jerking and contracting within my pussy, bucking his cock wildly.

When I had finally finished convulsing on his cock, he redirected us, moving me onto my back with my feet at the head of the bed, with Veronica sitting on my face, facing my feet, and he slowly entered her ass from behind. I licked and sucked her pussy lips and clit, occasionally stopping to suck and lick at his ball sac, pulling it with my teeth and lips. He was bent over her pushing her head down toward my pussy as he slowly began pumping his large meat into her. Once he gave her time to adjust to his cock, he started pumping into her ass furiously, fucking her ass wildly, with abandon, almost animalistically. Then, as I neared another orgasm, I could feel her start to shiver and his balls tighten. When I began spasming, they both let out moans and I felt the warm juices flow from both of them all over my face! It was so intense, I'd never cum so hard before! 

We all three sank onto the bed, and snuggled together, Veronica and I flanking Mike. We talked about it, going over everything we felt and did, and then we found ourselves doing it all over again, spending the entire night tangled in a host of positions and combinations. What a night to remember! I dressed and as I was leaving kissed her and thanked them both for the wonderful night. She smiled sexily and said, "What are best friends for?"