 My story is what I suspect may seem unlikely but true nonetheless. My wife Sammie and I are both fifty and fifty two, respectively. Our relationship has been one of being open to each other's needs and doing our best to fulfill them for almost twenty years now. I like all things sexual and it has been my good fortune to have had a woman such as she. Sam has always been on the slim side with pencil eraser nipples adorning thirty four inch C-cup breasts, and at five feet, six inches and 118 pounds, she is rather petite. I am just an ordinary joe of five feet, eleven inches, 185 pounds and beginning to grey at the temples. 

I do think myself adequate in the meat department, sporting seven inches.

Other than an occasional morning blow job, full sex has remained a rather consistent four times a week. Vacation and a change of scenery are the exception, then for a few days we will fuck twice and even three times a day. Go figure. No complaints on my side of things anyway.

One year ago last month a mutual friend that Sammie had lived next to as a child and I had come to know almost twenty years ago was sued for divorce by his wife of twenty five years. She also obtained a restraining order putting him out of his home and emptying their savings.

Bob's wife Rhonda was a small woman who dressed rather boyishly, even carrying herself as would a man. On the other hand Bob was five feet, ten inches, 165 pounds, barrel chested, with a mop of blond unruly hair, good looking and athletic. Sam and I live in a rather large home that has an extra bedroom downstairs so he gratefully accepted our invitation to stay with us until things were settled between he and his wife. He contested the divorce and a year later they are still a couple of months away from court.

Now is where there occurs a twist of sorts in my story. Five years earlier Bob had cancer and it necessitated removal of his prostate which left him with impotency and an unsympathetic wife. She moved him out of their bedroom and into the other end of the house. His doctor had told him that the type of procedure he had should, in time, allow him to resume sexual activity. I also had another friend with the same surgery who, after almost a year, regained his ability to perform but with dry orgasms. Except for no ejaculate everything became the same and I told Bob and his wife Rhonda this. Sadly Rhonda wasn't interested. Soon Bob was thrown out and left with his bank account frozen and unable to return to the home built with his own hands because of a restraining order.

You couldn't help but feel sorry for Bob as he joined us for dinner and a drink before retiring for the night. Though we encouraged Bob to go out and have fun with one of the many available girls he knew, it was of no use. Toward the end of the evening a dark cloud would come over Bob and he would head for his bedroom. This continued over several months.

Sam and I slept upstairs on the main floor of our home and at times she and I would become rather vocal in our lovemaking. From time to time Bob would bring up the subject of sex and how fortunate I was to have a willing wife that met my needs and I thought nothing of it. We spoke freely to each other and I had learned long ago that Rhonda had shown little interest in sex their whole time together.

I now know that Bob had, by his own admission on occasion, "Quietly listened outside our bedroom to Sam and I getting it on." This was news that strangely excited me as I felt a stirring in my pants.

One night just as I had buried my face in Sam's sweet pussy Bob's knock on the door gave me a start. Rising from between Sammies legs, I wiped my mouth and answered it.

Bob stood there with a grin on his face and said, "Sorry to bother you guys but I am out of towels downstairs." 

Turning around I could see the reason he smiled. Sam had only partially covered herself and was laying there with breasts exposed to Bob's gaze.

I retrieved a towel as Bob waited, no doubt enjoying the sight. Sam giggled as he left and I went back to the task at hand but noticed her wetness seemed unusually wet. I licked and as I am endowed with a rather long tongue, began to probe deep into her love hole. Then with mouth open wide to probe her depths, I felt the little rough spot a couple of inches inside her vagina. The spot seemed to harden with the stroking my tongue provided. I was rewarded when intense contractions shook her body. I feasted on her sweetness as cum wet my mouth and covered my chin and cheeks as well.

I mounted and penetrated her pussy still full of her own cum. Sam responded with another orgasm just as my dick touched bottom and my nuts rested on her little puckered asshole. Soon I too came deep inside, pushing it as deep as possible, holding it there, allowing her to feel my dick throbbing out its load while savoring the sensation of the moment.

Afterward we lay talking of our day and I said, "I believe Bob would have joined us in bed with just a little encouragement."

To this she agreed it may have been so.

"I don't know if he can get it hard or not but if anyone could help it would be you, Sam." To my knowledge she had not been with anyone else since her teen years but her silence told me she was thinking--really thinking.

Sam is one of the most sympathetic persons I have ever known. If she has feelings for someone then she will do whatever she can to help them. Bob was definitely someone she had feelings for; cooking especially for him and generally watching over his welfare. Bob was also someone with a need. Until now though nothing sexual had been spoken of. 

A few nights later just after penetrating her I asked, "What would you have done if Bob had gotten into bed with us?"

To my surprise she had an orgasm. 

I seized the opportunity. "Pretend he is now and has an erection, ask him to fuck you." 

"Fuck me Bob," said she, "fuck me," and she came again. 

The next week over a glass of Port and with Sammie out of the room I said, "Bob, I believe Sam would love to have you in bed with us. I certainly don't mind, after all what are friends for?" 

"But I am not a whole man," replied Bob. "Just let happen whatever will," I said confessing my fantasy.

Bob said, "All this is surprising and truthfully just plain scary." I then reassured Bob, "If nothing happens Sam and I will think no less of you and nothing will change in our arrangement." 

This night Sam comes to bed in just panties which I quickly remove and lie holding her, feeling the hardness of her nipples against me and the triangle of hair between her legs mingling with mine. Her back is toward the door as Bob softly enters and I feel her tense, sensing the movement behind her.

I say, "Let it be," and kiss her mouth open in protest or perhaps surprise. Taking her by the shoulders I turn her away from me and toward him. In his arms they kiss, deeply lost in the passionate embrace. The sounds of their ragged breathing excites me. The sight of Sam open mouth kissing Bob with tongues intertwining brings my excitement to a fever pitch. A gentle push by Sam and Bob lies back with eyes wide. Sam slowly rises mounting the still flacid cock of Bob. 

I can't resist massaging her ass and marvel at the wet sounds her pussy lips are making opening then closing as I release her creamy white ass cheeks. She loves to suckle my tits and now she takes first one and then the other of Bob's into her mouth. I knew Sam's tongue was snaking over and around his nipples. He flinches and I know her teeth have found a tender place, having felt the sensation many times myself. Giving them room I draw back to watch. 

She kisses her way down his body and takes the dick that couldn't get hard into her mouth. Burying her face in his cock hair I know he feels her hot breath on his body. His dick pops from the suction of Sam's mouth. She hungrily receives it again. Repeating again and again, something is happening! Bob's dick is growing longer and harder. He groans deeply as Sam deep throats the once flaccid but now engorged prick. Again popping it out she licks down the shaft and singularly takes his balls into the heat of her mouth, taking time to lovingly kiss and caress--worshipping his manhood--lost in lust.

"Fuck him Sam, let him see what he has been missing." I barely recognize my own voice!

She elevates to ride the magic pole. As she comes down he rises, meeting her thrust for thrust. I see her wetness glisten on his shaft and estimate him perhaps an inch shorter but much greater in girth than myself. I sit mesmerized with the beauty of this lovemaking pair. Her pussy is no doubt being stretched farther than ever before as he rams his big cock home.

Bob, now with both hands full of Sam's breasts, says, "I am cummin, oh am I cummin but I don't have anything to give you, Sam."

"Bobby your dick is all I need, it's so FUCKING BIG and it's jerking inside my belly, making me cum!!!"

I see her asshole contracting then pausing to contract again and know she isn't lying. Bob may not have had any ejaculate but Sam has more than made up it. Her cum has saturated his manhood, leaving her dilated pussy with a cream pie of her own making. I am lusting after this woman who has just fucked our friend. The friend who now lies with his chest heaving, knowing he has just experienced something he thought gone forever. 

Both of them now spent, I help her off and she lies beside Bob. Placing Sam's spread legs over my shoulders I easily enter her stretched pussy. Pausing a moment to feel the heat their lovemaking has generated, I am amazed as I feel Sam's cunt begin to clutch at my dick.

Beginning the movements of love as old as time itself produces sounds of wetness, and gasps of, "FUCK ME YOU HORNY BASTARD--FUCK ME DEEP," along with, "CUM IN MY CUNT--GIVE IT TO ME NOW." Her ass is rising to meet my thrusts! I must release my sperm into Sam's love hole that just held another dick tightly inside! And I pump my load into Sammies hot pussy!!!

Withdrawing, I see Bob had gotten hard again, standing at full staff. "Why don't you fuck her again Bob?"

Crawling between Sam's splayed legs, he leans back, takes aim, and buries his cock to the hilt. I know he can feel my cum and remembers what it's like to feel cum in a pussy again. Then he surprises me by turning around and burying his face in Sammie's sweet cum filled pussy. In the sixty nine position now Sam is sucking, her lips are around his dick and her cheeks are dimpling with the effort. Bob's dick begins to throb in Sam's mouth as the throes of dry orgasm fills his senses while he licks and sucks our woman clean and dry. Exhausted, we fall back into bed and she lies sandwiched between Bob and I. How sweet the sleep in the afterglow of a great fuck. 

Part 2

Our affair with Bob seemed to have opened new avenues of pleasure. But two weeks ago Bob announced he was moving on, having found a willing divorcee with a home of her own. It seemed he was moving rather fast now that his divorce was settled and the Judge had awarded Rhonda their home and most of their savings. Sam was ready for the change and as we lay with her breasts pressed into my chest and her cheek against mine, confessed her desire for something different. Not surprisingly I knew not what she had in mind but by now had learned there was a time not to question.

The next day I stood transfixed as Sam exited the shower and dried off. Her breasts, though not overly large, stood proud, overshadowing her almost flat stomach and generous pubic hair. Our bath was quite large with a full five foot shower and she and I have enjoyed many good times there. This night she dried off then threw the towel on the floor. I stared at her firm ass pointed in the air as she knelt on elbows and knees. The asshole I had many times licked and tongued was on open display along with the dark hair of her pussy blossoming from her spread thighs. While I admired her thirty four, twenty six, thirty six form, she lifted her head, turned and spoke.

"We will try it in my ass, just go easy," she said and resumed the position. 

This may not have seemed like much to anyone else but each time an attempt in the past had ended in failure to fuck that sweet rose bud of hers. She would always call it off and suck me or let me fuck her pussy but deep down I was sure she knew my disappointment. This time was to be different.

I rub lubricant on and into her ass, fingering first with one finger and then two. Taking my place kneeling behind her, [to oil - I oil] my about average dick of seven inches or so. Dick in hand I rub "Old Bill", which is Sam's pet name for it, from her pussy across her puckered hole and back. By now I am extremely hard.

"Fuck me now," says Sam, "just take it slow."

I place the head tightly against her ass, press Bill downward and lean slowly forward. Sam groans as Bill's dark journey into virgin territory begins.

"Wait just--a little bit."

And I pause, my heart throbbing the length of my dick. As I wait I feel her relax, a little push and Bill happily presses past her sphincter. Then the openness of her bowel releases his head only to squeeze it again on the withdrawal. With every thrust Sam grunts and groans in pleasure from the violation of her ass. In fact she is making noises before unheard by me.

With every thrust I match her vocals because "Old Bill" is happy with his head between her snow white cheeks. Her left nipple responds to the kneading of my left hand, hardening and protruding as if a pencil eraser. I insert first one then two fingers in her wet pussy and leave them there, enjoying the sensation of feeling my dick through the thin membrane separating the two holes. I am lost in the ecstasy of fucking her sweet ass. I feel my dick head as it slips past my fingertips, and then the contractions of her orgasms, one after the other, clutch and release my embedded manhood and fingers.

Withdrawal brings no sperm trailing after for I have not yet cum. My nuts are aching for release and I want her to suck me off as I lie beside her on the floor. Instead she straddles me, impaling her pussy on Old Bill, now swollen fit to burst.

It is then when a thought hits me and I open the bottom vanity drawer that is just within my reach. Feeling inside my hand wraps around the vibrator kept there. Soon I have it at the entrance to her still dilated ass. Feeling its smooth coolness Sam stops her riding long enough for me to insert the long slender machine. As it penetrates deep into her ass, pressing against my dick, it brings a new tightness in her cunt.

Twisting the control of the vibrator creates a sensation I haven't known previously. I actually feel the vibrations all the way into my balls. Her moans reach a peak as I lie buried inside, savoring the newfound feelings. Each of my hands has a cheek of her ass, rendering her immobile, my dick filling her pussy. The vibrator is in her ass and her rapid contractions threaten to choke my engorged prick as she struggles to move. I come and come hard, pumping a few times and come again as she milks me dry. Our cum flows warmly from her pussy onto my stomach as she lifts herself from me.

That night we share a bottle of port reclining on the sofa in front of the fireplace. Sam lies with her head on my chest listening to my heart beat. Her breasts stand proud before my eyes for she now wears only a pair of blue lace panties. I savor the aroma of her fresh washed and perfumed body, totally filling my senses.

"Honey?"

"Yes Sam."

"There is something I've been thinking about a lot lately. Now that Bob is gone I wish we had more friends."

"Is it because you want to fuck someone new?" I say.

"I feel as if I have cheated you and gotten pleasure from your unselfishness in sharing my body with Bob while you often went lacking."

"Sam, you will never know the pleasure you have given me and I want your happiness more than anything else."

Sam replies, "Honey I just want for you and I to enjoy and have fun while we can and are young enough to do so. Right now I just want your hard dick in my mouth, then in my pussy, can you help me with that?"

Wine glasses drop onto the carpet and the fun begins again.

To be continued.