 INTRODUCTION

No one would ever understand what came over six co-workers that day but their lives would be changed forever. It all started at lunch. It was Renee's 26th birthday and her five co-workers took her out for lunch. As it turned out the lunch was extended and the six over them over indulged just a bit. They returned to the office in a giddy mood and they had been telling jokes over lunch. The jokes then moved to the off color stage with many references to sex. When they returned to the parking lot and got out of the car, Bill could not resist goosing Cathleen under her short skirt. Cathleen just giggled when Bill touched her panty hose covered ass and that seemed to set the mood for the rest of the day. They returned to their office and took up their positions at their telemarketing stations but no calls would ever be made that afternoon.

BILL AND CATHLEEN

Bill a good looking guy was 28 years old who stood at 6'2" and weighed a fit 185 pounds. He had brown hair and brown eyes and he was very fit from his countless hours on the tennis court. Bill was seated next to Cathleen at the telemarketing work station. Cathleen was not stunning but she was an attractive 36 year old blonde who wore her hair short. She was 5'5" tall and weighed about 125 pounds. Her bust was very small but she had a tight firm figure. Cathleen had muscular shapely legs and a firm curvy ass. She went to aerobics every morning before work and there was not an ounce of body fat on her. 

When they returned to their workstations, they were still giggling about some of the jokes and Bill found that he suddenly desired to touch her again. He was still thinking about her round ass that stuck out under her short skirt when she bent over to get out of the car. He couldn't resist pinching it and now he desired to touch it again. When Cathleen bent over to put her purse in the lower desk drawer her skirt rose to just below the bottom of her ass. Bill again reached out and ran his hand over her shapely bottom and when Cathleen didn't protest he continued to fondle her.

Bill had no way of knowing that Cathleen loved anal sex and she liked to her ass fondled and played with. Her favorite form of foreplay was to have her ass caressed, kissed and fingered. Bill now had both hands on her ass and he was getting excited as he rubbed both cheeks through the panty hose. Cathleen had worn a short loose fitting skirt with white pantyhose underneath. She did not wear panties as the pantyhose were not transparent. Now as Bill rubbed her sensitive ass she remained bent over her desk and let him have his way.

Bill wanted this to go further and Cathleen seemed to be receptive but they were in the office. Bill only hoped that the others were now busy making telemarketing calls so he and Cathleen would not be disturbed. Bill took a chance and put both his hands on the waistband of the pantyhose and when Cathleen did not protest, he pulled them down slowly baring her beautiful ass. As he lowered her hose it was like unveiling a masterpiece and Bill felt his cock stir in his pants. Cathleen heard Bill gasp as he uncovered her ass and she loved the affect it had on him.

Bill pulled her hose down to her knees and Cathleen leaned over her desk and arched her back to further accentuate the shape of her gorgeous ass. Bill ran his hands over her smooth firm globes and he felt that he just had to do more. For the first time in his life he paced kisses on someone's ass, oh but what an ass is was. Bill was consumed with the firm round flesh of his co-worker as he planted soft kisses all over her bottom. Cathleen cooed at the attention her ass was receiving and she hoped that Bill would rim her anus or at least put his finger in her ass.

As if Bill read Cathleen's mind he began to toy with her anus. He ran his finger over the taut opening and gently probed with the tip of it. Cathleen's anus seemed very tight and Bill never would have suspected that she had ever been butt fucked. However Cathleen had had anal sex more times than she could remember and she loved it every time. As Bill caressed and stroked her lovely buttocks he had a strange desire to stick his cock in her ass. Bill had never had anal sex but now he was so enamored with Cathleen's ass that he desired her but he didn't think that his cock would ever fit in her tight hole.

Cathleen reached in her purse and took out some lotion. "Here use this," she whispered handing the lotion to Bill.

Bill took the lotion and then he realized that Cathleen wanted him to lubricate her anus. He took the lotion, put some on his fingers and then applied it to Cathleen's asshole. He gently probed her ass with his finger and with the lotion he was able to put his entire finger in her ass. Bill was surprised how easy his finger entered her ass and how her hole seemed to open up for him. Bill added his middle finger to his index finger and found that she could accommodate his two fingers. He moved his two fingers in and out as if he was fucking her ass. Bill's cock was throbbing in his pants and he thought that he might actually cum at any moment. 

"Finger my pussy at the same time," Cathleen whispered.

Bill used his other hand and began to finger Cathleen's pussy at the same time. Her pussy was soaking wet and his fingers easily entered her. Now with both hands he fingered both her holes and he was excited beyond belief. He and Cathleen were so engrossed in their foreplay that they momentarily forgot about their co-workers. Cathleen began to rotate her ass in circles as she was fingered and pleasured.

"Do you want to fuck me? Do you want to fuck my ass?" Cathleen whispered.

Throwing all caution aside Bill removed his fingers from her holes and dropped his pants and underwear to his knees. Cathleen looked over her shoulder and saw his decent size cock bob in front of him. Bill was just above average size at about 7" and Cathleen was pleased as it would fit her ass nicely. Bill covered his cock with lotion and moved behind Cathleen.

"Add some saliva to your cock too, it will go in easier," Cathleen advised.

Bill then knew that she was experienced in anal sex. He lined up his cock and prepared to enter his first asshole. Bill eased his cock into her ass and he loved the way her passage received him. His cock felt snug and warm in her rectum and he loved the sensation. Bill then began to move slowly and he discovered that he liked watching his cock slide in and out of her shapely ass. The feeling was incredible and the image was amazing. Bill felt like he was in heaven and he couldn't take his eyes off her gorgeous ass and his cock moving in and out. Bill caressed Cathleen's buttocks as he butt fucked her and savored every moment.

Bill felt that familiar surge in his loins and he whispered to Cathleen, "I going to cum soon."

"It's okay, cum in my ass. I love the feel of cum in my ass," she whispered back.

That did it for Bill. His body went rigid and he shoved his cock all the way in Cathleen's ass. He held still as his cock pulsated and shot streams of semen into her ass. Bill couldn't remember the last time he was so turned on and ejaculated such a large load. Cathleen felt the cum barrage shoot into her rectum and she loved the feeling of being filled wit the warm sticky fluid. She clenched and unclenched her sphincter muscles milking Bill's cock in her warm sheath. Bill felt his cock get milked dry and the action served to keep him hard. He began moving in her ass again and he felt his semen surround his cock.

Cathleen was pleased that Bill had remained hard as she loved it when she was fucked with her ass full of cum. She could feel his seed squishing around in her rectum and she knew it would start to ooze from her asshole. Cathleen with Bill's cock still in her ass leaned over and retrieved some tissue from her purse to catch the semen oozing from her anus. Bill was focused on fucking her ass until he came a second time. Cathleen then placed her hand on her pussy and began to diddle her clit as she too was ready to cum. The two of them were so engrossed fucking that they never sensed that Renee had entered their work space.

RENEE AND PETE

Renee a striking brunette at 5'10" tall had walked over to Bill and Cathleen's workspace to ask a question. Renee was a pretty 26 year old who was celebrating her birthday that day. She had a shapely figure for a tall girl with 36C breasts a 25" waist and 36" hips. She had long shapely legs and she looked stunning in a mini skirt which she was wearing that day. Renee had had more than her share of alcohol at lunch and she was feeling a little loose that afternoon.

When Renee entered Bill and Cathleen's workspace she stopped in her tracks. The last thing that she ever expected to see was Bill and Cathleen fucking in the office. Then she realized that Bill was fucking Cathleen in the ass. Renee had never seen anyone else have sex in person and she had certainly never witnessed anal sex. Oh sure she had watched porn and saw girls get fucked in the ass on the screen but never in person. She often wondered how those porn stars could take those big cocks in their ass and now she was witnessing her co-worker get butt fucked. Instead of panicking, Renee stood still and watched the two of them get in on. Bill and Cathleen had no idea that Renee was standing there watching them.

Renee got turned on watching her co-workers fuck and she could not help but touch herself. She rubbed her vulva through her mini skirt but that was not enough so she slipped her hand under her skirt. Even rubbing her pussy through her panties was not enough so she put her hand in her panties and played with her pussy. Renee hiked up her mini skirt to her waist and she looked incredibly sexy in her thigh high hose and panties. Renee remained undetected by Bill and Cathleen as she watched them fuck while she fingered her pussy. However Renee was not undetected for long.

Pete, who shared a work space with Renee, went looking for her. He spotted her standing just inside Bill and Cathleen's area so he approached her. Pete was a stud at 6'3" and 195 pounds. He had wavy black hair and he was in great shape. At 28 years old Pete had a chiseled body and an 8" cock that he was very proud off. Pete walked over to see what Renee was up to and he almost gasped out loud. He could not believe his eyes when he saw Bill butt fucking Cathleen and then he realized that Renee was fingering her pussy.

Pete walked quietly up behind Renee and put his hand over her mouth. Startled Renee looked at Pete who held up his finger to his lips signaling her to be quiet. Renee now afraid of being discovered by Bill and Cathleen remained still. Pete released his hand from her mouth and let it drop to her breasts. Pete then massaged Renee's breasts through her blouse as she pressed his body into her back. Renee felt Pete's solid frame against her and she was sure that she felt his stiff cock pressing against her butt. Renee didn't protest when Pete groped her tits as she didn't want to draw attention to the two of them. Also his hands on her tits felt pretty good as she continued to finger her pussy.

Pete unbuttoned Renee's blouse and then he unhooked her bra letting her ample tits spill into his hands. Pete fondled Renee's great looking tits and he rolled her stiff nipples in his fingers. Renee was close to an orgasm with the dual stimulation of Pete handling her tits and she fingering her pussy. Pete then lowered one of his hands and moved Renee's from her vagina. Pete then moved her panties to the side and inserted a thick finger in her pussy. Renee gasped into her hand as the finger entered her and it felt good. Pete's finger was much thicker than her finger and it felt like a small cock in her. Pete fingered her pussy, diddled her clit and fondled her tits driving Renee wild.

Pete's hand left her tits long enough to unbuckle his belt, unfasten his pants and drop them along with his underwear to his knees. Pete then guided his big cock into Renee's sopping wet pussy. Renee muffled her groan with her hand when Pete entered her. Then he returned his hand to her tits to play with them as he fucked her and fingered her clit. Renee was on fire as Pete worked her over and she continued to watch Bill and Cathleen. It was hard to believe that bill and Cathleen were so into the anal sex that they never realized that Pete and Renee were watching them as they fucked. 

The Cathleen did spot them when she looked back and she just smiled to herself. She was enjoying Bill's cock in her ass and apparently so was Pete and Renee. Cathleen saw that Pete had his cock in Renee's pussy and Renee had her mini skirt up around her waist and her panties pulled to one side. The scene was a turn on for Cathleen and she picked up the pace rubbing her clit as Bill fucked her ass. She was now fast approaching an orgasm and she covered her mouth with her arm so as not to be heard by the others.

Pete was close to cumming and he whispered in Renee's ear to get ready. Then his body stiffened and he blasted a huge load into Renee's pussy filling it with his seed. Renee felt the surge enter her, a feeling that she never tired off and then she experienced her own climax. Renee trembled as she orgasmed and she reached behind her and held onto to Pete for balance. Pete continued to fuck Renee even though he had cum and his cock was swimming in her pussy with their combined juices.

Bill was oblivious to everything going on behind him as he was focused on drilling Cathleen's ass. It was taking him a long time to cum a second time but he didn't mind as he loved fucking her in the ass and watching his cock slide in and out. Bill was caressing Cathleen's incredible ass as he fucked it and he never wanted it to end. Cathleen was still bent over relishing every moment that she had a cock in her ass.

SUZETTE AND RON

Cathleen finally broke the ice when she whispered to Bill that they had company. Bill looked over his should and saw Pete fucking the hot Renee. He was shocked to see the couple behind him fucking but he was not deterred from fucking Cathleen's ass. Cathleen then spoke.

"Bill let me turn around and face Renee. Keep fucking my ass but let me face the other way," Cathleen directed.

Bill kept his cock buried in Cathleen's ass as she maneuvered her body around so that her face was on a level with Renee's pussy. Cathleen watched as Pete's impressive cock slid in and out of Renee's pussy. It had been awhile since Cathleen had eaten pussy but at that moment she desired Renee. Cathleen moved closer to Renee and then replaced Pete's hand with her mouth. Renee let out a deep groan when Cathleen's mouth closed over her pussy. 

Renee's groan got Ron's attention and he left his work space to see what caused it. He could not believe his eyes when the saw his four co-workers engaged in sex. He quickly ran to the office door and locked it and then Ron returned to his work space and alerted his colleague Suzette.

"Come with me, you have to see this," Ron said excitedly.

Suzette had no idea what Ron was talking about and why he was so excited so she followed him to Bill and Cathleen's work space. Nothing could have ever prepared her for what she witnessed. Cathleen was bent over and she was licking Renee's pussy as Pete fucked Renee from behind. Bill still had his cock in Cathleen's ass and was fucking her with long steady strokes. Suzette was frozen to the spot as she watched the foursome. Suzette and Ron couldn't believe it when Cathleen took Pete's cock out of Renee's pussy and sucked on it briefly and then put it back in.

Ron unbuckled his belt, unfastened his pants and pushed them with his underwear down to his knees. His average size cock jumped out and bobbed in front of him before he took it in his hand. Suzette gasped at Ron's action.

"What are you doing?" Suzette said in a panic.

"I'm going to get in on the action," Ron replied as he stroked his cock and looked for a role to play in the group. 

Ron then looked at Suzette and said, "Hold up your dress and I'll pull down your panty hose.

Suzette was wearing a full length dark blue dress with dark blue panty hose underneath. The dress was full cut and could be easily lifted up over her head. "I'll do no such thing," Suzette snapped back.

Suzette was confused by her reaction. She knew she should just run back to her desk or even leave the office. But the scene before her was mesmerizing and she continued to watch the foursome. Suzette was a mousy looking woman of 28 years of age. She had a slender figure with small breasts and a cute bubble butt. At 5'6' she only weighed about 105 pounds but she had the bumps in the right place as people like to say. Ron was 5'10" and 190 pounds. He was not as fit as his co-workers and had a little bit of a beer belly at age 34. 

Ron then approached Suzette and took the hem of her dress in his hands. He lifted up her dress and she tried to stop him bit the others encouraged her to go with the flow. Suzette did as she was told and she held her dress up as Ron peeled down her panty hose below her knees. Then Ron had Suzette lean over slightly so he could maneuver his cock into her pussy. Suzette's cunt was soaking wet and Ron's average size cock slipped right in. Ron began fucking Suzette as the both of them watched their four co-workers.

Ron sensed that he was close to cumming and he called out, "Oh shit this is going to be quick."

"Don't cum in me. I'm not safe," screamed Suzette.

Then just as Ron said, "Oh God," Suzette pulled away from him, dropped to her knees and took Ron's cock in her mouth. Ron spurted his seed into Suzette's mouth and everyone was surprised that she swallowed his load. Suzette sucked every drop of semen from Ron's cock and she called out.

"Oh I need to get off," Suzette pleaded.

Ron pushed her to the floor and whipped the panty hose from her body. Then he positioned his face between her legs and began to lap at Suzette's pussy. Suzette held onto Ron's head and she drove her pussy into his face. Suzette was the only one of the group that had shed any clothes at this point. Everyone else still had all their clothes on in different stages of undress. Suzette came quickly as the entire situation had gotten to her more than she realized.

Just as Suzette was juicing Ron's face, Bill let loose with his second load in Cathleen's ass. Renee was screaming as the penetration of Pete's cock and the magic of Cathleen's tongue had taken its toll and she had a massive orgasm. Pete was the next to cum and he ejaculated another large load into Renee's pussy. Cathleen pulled Pete's cock from Renee's pussy and sucked it dry. Cathleen teased Pete and nibbled on the head of his dick driving him wild. Pete had to eventually push Cathleen's head off his cock as he could not take the wild sensations any longer.

THE ORGY

The six of them stared at each other momentarily and took in the situation. Ron then moved toward Cathleen as he was anxious to get in her ass. Before Ron fucked her in the ass Cathleen decided that she wanted to be naked. Cathleen undressed and Ron followed suit. Then Cathleen got down on the floor on all fours and wiggled her ass at Ron who got behind her and shoved his cock in her ass. Ron's cock went in easy as Cathleen was well lubed and stretched by Bill's cock.

Bill was anxious to get at Renee's pussy and the two of them also stripped off their clothes. Renee lay down on the floor and Bill moved between her legs. He eased his cock into her dripping wet cunt and began to fuck her slowly. Bill made sure that his cock stayed in contact with her clit and he soon had Renee moaning. Bill held on to Renee's big tits as he fucked and he played with her hard nipples.

Pete moved over to Suzette who stared in awe at his cock as it swung between his legs. Pete lifted her dress up and off her body leaving her clad only in her bra. Then Pete unhooked the bra and freed Suzette's tits. Pete then shed his clothes and now everyone in the room was naked. Pete positioned Suzette on the floor and then he began to eat her pussy. As soon as Pete was hard again he scooted up between Suzette's legs and eased his big dick into her. Suzette felt the impressive cock working its way into her pussy and she moaned softly. Pete had the biggest cock that had ever been in her but it wasn't too big which she liked.
