 Amy was slowly waking from a deep sleep. At the end of every month everyone from the office usually goes to the bar down the street from the office if they make their sales quota, March had been one of their best months ever. Everyone was partying extra hard. Especially Amy.

Her bed felt unusually comfy, she laid there for what seemed like an hour before she even bothered to open her eyes. But her head was starting to pound and she was terribly thirsty. She lifted the covers slowly to look around the room, it took her a while before she realized she wasn't in her own bed. "Where the fuck am I?" She thought to herself.

Her headache made it very clear she was amazingly hungover. Her mind was pretty cloudy, so it took her by surprise when she suddenly realized she was completely naked, "What the hell happened to me?" She asked herself, starting to get concerned, because for the life of her she couldn't remember leaving the bar.

Looking across the bed she instantly realized where she was, and became a bit relieved, because laying next to her, naked as well, was her best friend, Kelly. Its not even all that unusual to wake up here, ok, usually they aren't both naked but it's happened before. Kelly started to stir. She rolls over and gives her an evil, knowing smile.

"Oh my god! I feel like shit! What the fuck happened last night? How the fuck did we get home? God, I'm such a fucking idiot!!" Amy asks, suddenly wondering why Kelly is smiling so big.

"Ya, you are an idiot. You were pretty fucking blasted. So you don't remember anything? Really? Nothing?Oh.....My......God!"

"Whaaaat?"

"You really don't remember do you?"

"Fuck Kelly, NO!, I don't fucking remember, just fucking tell me what happened!!!!"

"Oh boy!!, ok, so you don't remember anything?!? ......Fuck, where do I start?"

She sits up and arranges herself for what Amy now expects to be a really long story. "Ok so you were pretty fucked up last night at the bar. You started making out with that guy, Steve, you know, the guy that works at the office park nearby, we always see him at the coffee shop. Anyways, you two were really going at it, and it was starting to get embarrassing, you guys were all over each other!! You were making out, rubbing his crotch and grinding on his thigh. His hand was down, inside your pants squeezing your ass. It was gross! Everyone was staring at you two. To do you guys a favor, I called us a cab."

Kelly shoots Amy and exasperated look, "It wasn't easy, but I got you two into the cab. The minute you got in the car, you guys went at it even harder. You were rubbing his dick through his jeans, making gross moaning noises while you had your tongue in his mouth. His hands were all over you too, he had his hand between your legs almost the entire ride. Then he literally started sucking on your tits in front of me and the cab driver!!!!!! I mean really!"

"Jeez!" Amy sighs, "I couldn't apologize enough to the cab driver, although he may have enjoyed the show, he even had to help me get you out of the car."

"I somehow got you two in the house where you guys kept at it in front of me. I guess I got tired of fighting it, maybe I was jealous that you were getting some, anyways I was starting to get a little horny and I figured I might as well enjoy the show. I undid my jeans and started to play with myself as he clumsily took off your bra and started to suck again on your tits. I figured neither of you guys would even notice so I took mine off too so I could give my nipples a nice little squeeze, I was surprised by how sensitive and swollen they had gotten." Kelly adjusts her sheet, brushing her hands over her nipples for emphasis.

Touching Amy's chest and dragging her finger down her body to demonstrate, she continued, "He started to kiss his way down your body, while he undid your pants, tugging your jeans and panties down to your ankles. By now your little show was really starting to turn me on so I took mine off too, I really needed to rub my pussy a bit harder. He spread your legs wide and was getting ready to dive face first into your cunt, spreading your pussy open with his fingers, when you started to snore! Not your usual quiet little snore, this was loud!! Ha ha, I couldn't help but laugh at you, he must have heard me because he turned around and without even saying a word he crawled over to where I was sitting and buried his face between my thighs instead."

Closing her eyes, Kelly remembers, "Oh God, he was so good! His tongue was amazing! The way he teased my clit was insane. Fucking me with it, oooooooo man! He made me cum all over his face, I made him so wet."

"He made me feel so good I figured it was his turn, so we switched places and I took down his pants. God!!! He had such a pretty cock, too bad you didn't get to see it. I licked it. I sucked on it. I played with his balls. I swallowed him as deep as I could. I think he liked it. After a while, he started to buck his hips, fucking my mouth. He held on to the back of my head and fucked me hard, I nearly choked, but I loved it!!!!"

Kelly spreads her legs under the sheets and pretends that she's getting fucked as she continues to tell her story, rocking her hips, "Then he pushed me onto the couch right next to you, lifted my legs up, wow! The look on his face when he pushed himself inside me was amazing! Fuck!!! He felt so good!!!"

"He fucked me like that till my legs were starting to give out, then he flipped me over and fucked me from behind, I loved it all!" Starting to get thrilled at telling her story, Kelly becomes more and more animated, spinning around to shake her naked ass in Amys face, "Then he had me ride him, I swear I came again bouncing up and down on his dick, I made his cock all creamy with my pussy juice."

"God, I haven't been fucked that good in a long time. It must have felt good on his cock too, because soon after I came, I felt his dick start to pulse as he shot a big load of cum inside me. Oh yeah, my pussy felt so full." Kelly lets out a moan as if it had just happened, "Ooooooooo"

"I wanted to taste his cum so I pulled his softening cock out my cunt and got on my knees and started to suck it again. I loved the taste of our juices mixed together." Opening her mouth and gesturing with her hand, "He must have liked it too because he asked me to keep going, he wanted me to make him hard again. I used every trick I could think of and soon he was just as hard as before, fucking my mouth again."

"While I was blowing him I looked down and noticed your phone had fallen out of your pants and onto the floor, up until then I had almost forgotten you were there. It gave me the naughtiest idea, I handed him the phone and told him to take a picture of me sucking him off." Kelly eyes Amy to judge her reaction.

"On my fucking phone!!!??"

"Oh yea!! We didn't stop there, it was so hot" Kelly touches her body, one hand between her legs, one on her breasts, looking up at the ceiling for extra emphasis. "We took lots of photos!! Video too. The next picture I took were of Steve pushing his cock into your mouth. Then he took some as I pushed my pussy and my tits into your face. It was so funny with you snoring into my cunt, ha"

"That's not fuckIng funny!! I can't believe you fucking did that!"

Kelly wrinkled up her nose, "You were so out of it I didn't think you'd mind. Besides its not like you've never licked pussy before!"

"Fuck off!"

"You were so passed out you barely moved when we videoed him fucking you, I got some really good close ups of his balls slapping against your pussy lips. Really hot!"

"Whaaaaaaat! I can't believe you let him fuck me while I was passed out!!! Not only that but you video taped it too!!! I'm not sure we can be friends anymore."

"Oh really! The way you were on him at the club everyone in the whole place knew you wanted to get fucked!" Kelly scoffed. "What really turned Steve on is when I reached into my toy drawer and grabbed my strap on. He stroked his cock super hard watching me fuck you."

"Oh really, you too, huh?"

"It was so hot!, me and him taking turns in your pussy, in your mouth. I can't wait for you to see the video."

"I'm not fucking watching it!"

"You have too, the part where I videoed him pulling his cock out of your soaking wet pussy just in time to spray cum all over you was amazing!!! There was cum everywhere! All over your belly, your boobs, all over your face, in your hair. I must have watched at least four times already, It made me so horny. Wanna watch it together?"

"NO!!!! I can't fucking believe this!!!"

"Steve thought it was really hot too. I hope you don't mind, it was mainly his idea, but the video is really that hot. Maybe we should have asked you first but I was totally caught up in the moment. Don't be too mad, but we uploaded the video up to one of those online sights. You got a lot of views, people really seem to like it"

Whaaaaaaaaat!!! You fucking bitch!!" Amy stumbles across the room searching for you phone. "Where the fuck is it?!?!?!"

"You mean this?"Kelly says holding up your phone. "................APRIL FOOLS!!!!!!!!!"

"What!!!!!!!! That's your idea of a joke!!!! God dammit Kellly!!!!! Really!!!! Fuck! Gimme that phone!!" She grabs the phone and frantically searches for the photos that aren't there. "Are you telling me you make that all up!"

"Oh no, you were totally hammered and really embarrassing at the bar, the cab driver did have to help me get you out of the cab. The sex? Yea, I made that all up, too bad too, even just telling you was getting me a bit wet."

"Damn you, Kelly" Amy yells as she slammed the pillow down on her head, laughing. 

"You fucking deserve it!!!", Kellly yells, wacking her back with her own pillow.

The pillow fight continues, both girls starting to laugh uncontrollably, everything is forgiven. Two best friends, naked, having a silly time, that is until Amy notice's Kelly's strap-on on the floor............