 For all the times I've walk this street, I never got use to the feeling of being watched when walking it alone. This morning walking back to my apartment, more than merely being watched I felt as if everyone knew what I had done... where I had been the night before. 

This particular morning the Parisian streets and sidewalks were wet with a slow drizzling rain. It must have been 11h00 already.

After being out all night my thoughts shamelessly returned to Nick, my fiancé. Nick had left Paris only last week in order to be back for the start of the winter semester in Virginia. 

I was pondering how we felt so close when he was here yet how quickly I could forget him when he was away. 

How will I feel and what will I tell him the next time we talk on the phone? Will he call today? Or did he try to call last night while I was out?

What had I done last night, was it a drunken dream or real? Why had I gone out with Madaline, my French girlfriend to one of those parties again? Parties where I give into my darkest desires and fantasies. 

"Oh Kathy, come along. I know you will have a good time and I don't want to go alone." Madaline said again, begging me to go with her.

"Of course Farid wants you there." she added. "He's always asking about you. He thinks you're hot."

I barely new of Farid aside from seeing him at a few meetings and then at the MLA conference last year in Toronto. I had barely spoken two words to him then and besides he was aware I was engaged to Nick and had been seeing him for over a year. 

Farid was Algerian and an academic; he now had a teaching position here in Paris. 

I guessed him to be about 48. He was tall, nearly six feet with a dark thin angular face, a sharp nose, brown piercing eyes and he spoke with a deep rasping voice that was in contrast to his charming public demeanor. 

Madaline was right. That night I noticed from the first time his gaze found me, his eyes were of the type that could see right through to my thoughts. I knew he saw the uneasiness I felt when he looked at me. Why was it I was always so vulnerable to such men? If I had known what the night was about to bring would I have done it all the same? 

As I walked home this morning I could feel their presence their impressions, his and the others, in and on my body with each uncomfortable step I took. 

It was hardly surprising that shortly after Madaline and I arrived at the party I had found myself chatting with Farid. We stood just at the edge of the living room of someone's grand Parisian apartment observing the few men and women dancing to a fast song. More women danced than men it always seemed. 

I was already on my second glass of champagne as I watched a very attractive young woman dancing. Her body was moving to the music, her hips had a graceful movement all their own and her thin blouse betrayed a hint of decadence and arousal to all. 

I was glad I had worn my shortest red dress with red panties and no bra. I liked red and was feeling very sexy. 

At first I felt a bit self-conscious but after some alcohol and looks from a few men I was gaining confidence. I wasn't hesitating in returning smiles to men now. Farid's remarks surprised me. Perhaps I was expecting a few words about work and teaching or Paris and America but he gestured to a young man in the crowded room and spoke quietly into my ear.

"Amadou, over there, he's a teaching assistant of mine and has quite a way with my female students."

"A real seducer, you say?" I asked in surprise.

Amadou was across the room in conversation with several others. He was tall. I guessed over six feet and appeared to be in his twenties, lean of body with broad shoulders and strong forearms and hands. He was obviously African with a very dark brown, black complexion and an easy smile.

Farid rested his hand on my forearm. His fingers were long and delicate as they brushed along my arm lightly enough to make me shiver as he spoke yet softer into my ear.

"Yes, the co-eds say he has an enormous cock." Farid whispered.

My eyes must have betrayed my surprise but not to be outdone I snapped back, "Ah bon? So your students tell you this? When, in visits to your office or on his end of semester evaluation?"

Here I was a University professor on sabbatical in Paris involved in such suggestive talk with a man I hardly knew. I am no prude but I hardly looked the part of a slut either. I am 36 and very petite. Many people guess me to be only about 30 years old and tonight I was wearing my shortest dress and some sexy shoes. People have described me as cute with shoulder length reddish-brown hair and a fair colored complexion. I have had many men compliment me, on my figure in particular, how do they say it "That gorgeous ass!" but really, this man was being overly suggestive.

I nervously looked around the room for Madeline but she was no where in sight.

"Oh I have had a few young ladies... students, whom I have managed to get to tell me many things, usually in my office after hours... after they have taken their panties off." he went on to say.

Why was this man telling me all this screamed through my clouded mind?

I realized I had finished my second glass of champagne and regretted doing so. I know I lose inhibitions after too much to drink and with this man's fingers brushing along my forearm I was feeling a bit aroused. The sensations shocked me. I was speechless for what seemed like several minutes. 

"You need another drink Katherine and you should meet Amadou." Farid spoke loudly before leaving me standing there alone.

A few moments later Farid returned with another glass of champagne. Amadou was beside him as he handed me the drink.

"I'd like to introduce you to Amadou. Amadou this is Katherine. Katherine Amadou. Now I was just telling Amadou how much you said you wanted to dance with him." Farid said teasingly.

The nerve of this man, Farid, I had said no such thing. While I was contemplating a response, Amadou's gentle voice and smiling, dark eyes came quickly to me as he offered his hand. 

Downing my third glass of champagne we moved to the center of the room where two couples were dancing to a slow melody. Amadou took me in his arms. My mind was racing, the nerve of these men, the audacity of it all but my next thought was that of these arms now holding me and his hard muscled body coming together with mine.

Why do I always compare men to one another? What I wouldn't give for Nick to make me feel feminine and protected in his arms. Quickly I tried to regain my composure, stopping these thoughts, pulling back a bit for some distance to talk. Amadou spoke first.

"I saw how you were looking at me," he said overly confidently. "You want me, don't you? I see it in your eyes every time you look at me. You want me and I will have you tonight." 

What? This boy at least fifteen years younger than me! The nerve! I wasn't falling into these games of manipulation again. That was it. I needed some air. Where was Madaline? She would have to take me home now. Where was she? This wasn't the first time she had disappeared at a party. 

I broke from Amadou's embrace and turned facing the far side of the room. There standing by the open window was an older, gray haired colleague. So what if he looked like a bore, I needed a minute to think. 

Dr. Miller had been a long time faculty member from my area and our paths had crossed from time to time. A quick hello and we were soon talking the comfortable small talk about faculty, students, traffic and weather.

Unfortunately the wine was having its usual effect on me and my mind was racing and flushed with thoughts of Amadou's arms around me and the question, was his cock really huge? It was obvious I wasn't hearing much of Dr. Miller's conversation. Not that it required any effort on my part however. I was aroused over Amadou; my mind was reeling with erotic thoughts. Of course neither my mind nor my eyes were following Dr. Miller. 

Thoughts flew through my mind, again of my fiancé Nick and how he alone should be enough to satisfy my erotic urges. Sex with Nick had been and still was so hot for me. Recently at Nick's request I had shaved my pussy for him. I relished the idea of people seeing me clothed having no idea I was so secretly wanton and open to such things!

Again my thoughts returned to the feelings that Amadou's embrace unleashed. I could feel my shaved pussy lips all swollen and wet now. My mind was alive with desire but my eyes were unfocused. Across the room Farid's eyes caught mine and he held them. Perhaps if I had immediately looked away I could have but the longer I looked into Farid's eyes the clearer it became that I wanted him. 

On some level I badly needed to find a way to lose myself and my inhibitions tonight. My pussy felt on fire and my breasts ached. I was sure my hard nipples where standing out, visible beneath my dress. 

Farid simply walked up to me and spoke without so much as a word to Dr. Miller. 

"Come with me Katherine." He spoke softly.

As if under a spell I took his arm as he led me away from the window and out of the room.

I was close to him as we walked to an adjoining room then down the far hallway of the apartment. 

He slid his hand across my bare shoulder. His thumb softly caressed the side of my neck sending shivers through me to my core. Close beside him, I felt breathless, warm and wet. His arm was around me, around my shoulders. His cologne was mixing with the scent of alcohol on his breath.

The first room we came upon was a bedroom. We entered and I froze. There in the far corner a couple was fucking. In the dim light I saw the woman. She was naked, on her knees on the couch and the man was thrusting into her from behind. Small pleasurable moans escaped her after each quick flurry of movements.

"Don't be so shy, Katherine," Farid whispered. "It's not like they are doing anything that you won't be doing in a minute or two."

In the dim light Farid lowered his lips to mine as he shut the door behind us. 

It was as if I were watching from above, watching myself in a movie below. I saw my lips open and my tongue finding his lips, then his tongue. His arms were holding me gently but firmly as his kisses became more urgent. He pushed my hand down the front of his pants so I could feel how hard he was. I was melting I was so wet. Even through his pants I could feel his huge, pulsating cock. My heart was pounding. I was in his grasp, in his control. I so desperately wanted to cum. I needed to be fucked so badly. I was so aroused I would have followed his every command. 

His kisses soon moved to my neck as I groaned in submission.

He told me to take my panties off and hand them to him. 

I was embarrassed or was it proud, realizing how wet they were and how swollen and moist my pussy was. 

"Now on your knees, Katherine." he commanded.

I knelt before him. My dress was around my waist. My nipples and cunt were alive with desire as Farid deliberately stared into my eyes while unbuckling and then unzipping his pants. His pants dropped to his ankles as he brought his hard cock to my lips. 

Again I saw this erotic picture of me, now an x-rated movie; the proper professor, engaged to Nick, opening her mouth to run her tongue across the head of a man's hard cock, a man she hardly knew. Soon Farid's cock was deep in my mouth as he chanted my name. 

"Katherine, Katherine that's it, suck me, that's it suck my cock, lick my balls." 

I could tell from his hip movements and his inability to continue his litany of suggestive talk that he was close to cumming. 

With me in tow still sucking his cock, Farid eased back to the bed and sat down. I was now kneeling on the floor between his legs. No longer did I hear the sound of the other couple fucking, were they watching? 

I continued to lick and suck Farid's cock and balls before running my tongue under his scrotum across his perineum. He moaned loudly as my hand circled and squeezed the head of his slick cock. 

Suddenly I felt his hand on the back of my head, grasping my hair forcing me down to his asshole.

I obediently licked around the rim of his hole, hungrily penetrating him with my tongue while his cock erupted with hot jets of cum flooding my hand and his stomach and chest.

I groaned while licking him clean, sluttishly tasting his cum, trying to see up into his eyes.

I still had his cum on my lips as he lifted me up onto the bed as if I weighed nothing. To my surprise he kissed me deeply. I was totally naked now and so aroused, so in need of him. I came as he parted my legs penetrating my wet vagina with one deep stroke! My cunt was contracting around his hard cock in a spasmodic frenzy, griping his shaft as wave after wave of obscene pleasure coursed through my body. I screamed out loud as my orgasm gushed forth from me.

Like an animal his hip movements continued to rapidly move his rigid cock in and out of my wetness causing me to cry out again. My legs spread further for this man and his insistent cock in his vigorous efforts to cum again. 

As Farid continued fucking me I felt lips press to my parted mouth, but these were the lips of a woman! 

Suddenly I realized the couple we had interrupted earlier had not left at all but had been watching us fucking.

Now her soft warm hand was on my breast caressing and pulling on my hardened nipples as her wet soft kisses sucked at my tongue and lips. I orgasmed again even more intensely with my mouth on hers and her tongue in mine. 

Farid thrusted deeply into me. His hard cock was pulsating in a long deep climax as it filled my wet vagina with his sperm. 

Now in the dim light, I opened my eyes to see the woman kissing me had been Sarah, the young woman with the sensuous hips that I had seen dancing earlier this evening. But where was the man that had been fucking her? Had he been watching too? Was he her husband, a lover or did she even know his name? 

Farid had moved to my head now, his partially deflated cock was before me as he stroked my hair.

Having just been fucked my legs were still spread wide. I felt Sarah descend to take her kisses to my cunt. Her hands caressed my hips and belly as her tongue found the cum she desired to taste and eat from my swollen cunt. I couldn't stop my hips from rocking back and forth as if I wanted to cum again against her voracious tongue. Her hands and fingers were now caressing my ass. 

Farid sensed my need and continued stroking my hair as I stretched my neck trying to reach his cock with my lips again while I fucked Sarah's face. 

But Farid stopped me, saying, "Roll over Katherine, roll over my dear, we need to get your ass ready to be fucked."

I rolled to my belly without hesitation as if under Farid's wicked control. 

Sarah's hair settled on my back as her tongue and kisses moved from the small of my back to my ass, lingering there. Then the tip of her tongue found its way down to my anus were she teased me, rimming my asshole with her wet tongue before penetrating me, like she wanted to see me cum yet again.

Farid moved aside and I saw Sarah's lover, standing before me, the man who had been fucking her earlier. 

His cock stood erect from a patch of blond pubic hair. I immediately opened my mouth taking him, tasting him as well as the lingering taste of Sarah's juices still on his shaft.

Again I heard Farid's faint voice, "Get him nice and wet and hard Katherine so he can fuck your cute ass. I hope you want to be fucked in the ass. Do you?" 

I could only gurgle as this man's entire cock was buried in my mouth. I was so turned on I was about to cum again. 

Like a flash I thought briefly of Nick, my fiancé and of our plans to have anal sex soon. His was excited at being the first to take my virgin ass but now I knew Nick would not be the first to fuck me that way after all.

Tonight I felt I needed a hard cock in there so badly I ached. 

Now what a picture I presented to Farid. He watched as I arched my hips upward off the bed pushing my ass to Sarah's hot tongue while sucking her lover's cock deep into my throat.

As her lover pulled his wet cock from my mouth Sarah pushed her tongue into me yet again and brought me to my knees. My head now bowed to the bed as my arms extended out submissively before me. Gosh my nipples were aching.

Sarah's lover, a Frenchman whose name I didn't even know and whose face I hadn't seen was kneeing on the bed behind me. The groaning sounds echoing in the room and the pressure of his hands on my hips only fueled my now insatiable desire for more. 

Was that Sarah's tongue again? And if his hands were on my hips was it Sarah's hands now guiding his wet hard cock to my asshole? Was she licking his shaft to further lubricate his cock before it inched into me?

"Mon dieu." 

He felt so big. Sarah who had been caressing me, caressing my clit, was now beneath me licking my pussy as her lover's cock sank slowly into my ass. 

How heavenly it felt as he started fucking me harder. I pushed back while Sarah's tongue danced across my pussy and wet clitoris. Her lover thrust into me again, pushing me forward until Sarah was licking his balls. I screamed again as I came and came. 

Farid was stroking my hair and throat as he brought his hard cock back to my mouth, while watching my virgin ass being fucked. He had been further excited by the eroticism of me cumming again on Sarah's face while her lover buried his cock inside my asshole.

My orgasm caused me to scream out again; undoubtedly anyone in the apartment who choose to listen would know that I, Katherine, the petite, proper, American professor, was being fucked, fucked endlessly in the ass.

With this last orgasm exploding through me, my ass tightened around the hard rigid cock buried inside, finally bringing this man to orgasm. I could feel his cock shoot pulse after pulse of hot cum into my rectum as he cried out while his balls emptied, leaving me filled with his sperm.

Spent I collapsed on my belly. Again my mind saw me from above, as if detached from the reality of what had transpired. Again I thought briefly of Nick and his expression if he could see me, crumpled on the bed, legs splayed and my ass and cunt each dripping each with a different man's cum. 

Perhaps it was awhile or only a minute that I laid there but suddenly I was aware of another person to my left settling onto the bed. I looked to see it was Amadou naked on his knees and indeed he had an enormous cock, at least ten inches in length and he wasn't even erect yet! 

Sarah moved, her perfect breasts were swinging freely. She took his cock into her mouth sucking as much as she could down her throat. 

I watched her cute innocent face and beautiful black hair, pulled back by Amadou as she sucked on his big black cock. 

How long had Amadou been watching? So now he would have his wish, to have me, wouldn't he, as I knew I was powerless to resist him and his desires. 

Amadou's cock appeared even more enormous and thick. Sarah was only able to get the head into her mouth and like a slut she licked along the shaft as if starving for a taste of him. He was hard now, really hard. His cock was thick with distended pulsating veins. His foreskin was receding as Sarah turned back to me.

I realized Farid was speaking to me. He stood near me. His cock was once again hard. My right hand was near his leg at the edge of the bed.

"Now Katherine," he said. "Who would have guessed that you would turn out to be such a slut, such a good fuck?"

Farid stroked my hair, reaching to my swollen pussy. His long fingers entered me then slowly withdrew along my wetness before he continued to speak.

"If only Nick could see you now. I see you still need more, Yes? The way you can't stop moving your hips, am I right? You need more?"
