 "What happens in the cubicle stays in the cubicle"... It's a catchy little saying that I tell all of my customers to help put them at ease. My name is Karmen. I am your local banker at your local bank. Every day I kiss my hubby (Steve) goodbye, pat my kiddos little heads, leave my quaint little house in my conservative family car and commute to my professional job. Most days are uneventful and are drowning in drab and normal transactions, but then there are days that I can't keep my panties dry. There are days that "what happens in the cubicle stays in the cubicle" has a whole new meaning! Today was one of those days. 

Steve and I, after 20 years of marriage, have recently been discussing the idea of swinging or couple swapping. While as exciting and hot as that sounds, I have to admit, I'm a bit nervous. Needing another woman's perspective, I confided in my sexually forward thinking friend and coworker, Donna. I picked up my phone and dialed her extension.

"Hey Donna! It's Karmen... You busy?"

"I'm bored as hell over here! I'm going to have to finger my own pussy here in a minute just to stay awake!" 

Funny thing is, she totally would. I love that about her. 

"I have a question for you. Have you and Shane ever... swapped? You know...like ever..."

"Oh, I know what you mean! I'm on my way to your cubicle!"

My cubicle. My cubicle is a small, glass-enclosed office space over in the corner of the main bank lobby. It has your typical desk, chair, bookshelf and credenza ensemble decorated with matching stained wood blinds for privacy. It was seconds - a minute maybe - before Donna bounded into my space and pulled the expensive looking blinds closed. She pulled a customer chair close to the edge of the desk opposite me and rested her chin on her beautifully manicured and polished fingers steepled beneath her. The wicked little sparkle in her eyes and the mischievous smirk on her face let me know that we would be working late on this one.

"Okay. Spill it girl! I want details! Don't leave out not even one drop of cum!"

We both laughed, Donna really had a way with words and could mix sex into any - and every - conversation. I love that about her.

"There are no details... Yet" I explained "Steve and I are considering trying or dabbling in a kind of swinger lifestyle, I guess you'd say, and I need some swing tips or swap etiquette advice on how not to look like a total dumbass out there! A couple swap 101 class! And since you're a total whore, I thought you could help."

I have no idea why, but for some reason calling each other a whore or a slut always threw me and Donna into a fit of girly giggles.

"You bet you're sweet juicy ass I can help, and if I could get Shane into it we'd be right there with you!" 

I knew Donna and her ex, James, were into a lot of threesomes and such, but I also knew her newest love, Shane, kept her on a short leash - literally. But if anyone could help get me in the mood to eat pussy, it was her.

I took a deep breath and jumped right in "Okay. First of all, have you ever eat another woman's pussy? Did she lick yours? Did both of the girls suck his dick at the same time? Did you kiss her? What was it like having James watch you get nailed by another guys cock? Was there any guy on guy action?..."

"Whoa! Wait! Slow down there little Miss Cumshine! One thing at a time!"

We were both laughing and I had to cross my legs and squeeze my thighs together to relieve some of the pressure from my tingling clit. I'm sure my slit was well on its way to getting slick with my arousal. Just thinking about all of this totally turned me on. Great - I thought to myself - now I was getting horny and Steve was working late and sure to be tired tonight.

"First of all, yes. I have licked my fair share of clits. Surprised?" I gave her one of those raised eyebrow mom-knows-everything looks and she continued "I love it. Really! I'm not gay or even bi, well maybe a little bi, but I love the taste of a sweet juicy pussy! There is nothing better than burying your face in a soaking wet mound while getting pounded from behind! Either hole!"

She could tell by the look on my face that I was thinking anal. I loved anal play, but even after my younger, wilder days and being married for 20 years, I was still an anal virgin.

She went on "have a drink and then just go with the flow. Do what feels natural and have fun. "

I looked into donna's sincere eyes for few minutes. She could tell I was nervous and then I could see an idea in her eyes as it rolled through her mind. A slow easy smiled curled her glossy lips and she tapped my nose "I'll be right back."

I heard her as she crossed the lobby announce to Anita, the receptionist, that we would be in a webinar the rest of the day and we were not to be disturbed. A little tingle ran up my spine at the thrill of what I had a feeling was about to happen. 

Donna entered my cubicle again and shut the door leaning against it. She was silently asking my permission to continue. She had her purse slung over her slim shoulder and proceeded to drop it on my desk. She bit her lower lip like she was nervous and with the most contrite look I've ever seen on this usually dominant woman's face, she asked if I wanted to play. 

Did I? I stood up from my leather chair feeling a bit of cool air on my steamy hot pussy lips. I could tell that my panties were soaked. But then again, they usually were. I wanted to play.

"I'm not gay" I emphatically told Donna "I'm not even bi. But, I'll admit, I love having my clit sucked on and if you're offering then I'm willing." 

This made us both laugh. She opened her purse to reveal what looked like a vibrator and maybe even one of the largest dildos I had ever seen. She also had a butt plug and a string of anal beads. How big was this purse? Now I was really getting excited.

"Take off your skirt Karmen" she said so soft I almost thought I just heard her thoughts "unbutton your blouse" her eyes never left mine. I automatically unclasped my bra and slid it down my shoulders . I squeezed my aching breasts and pinched my nipples, feeling it all the way down to my swollen clit. I stood there in my wet panties and my favorite red pumps. 

Donna smiled "I knew you were beautiful. Steve is one lucky son of a bitch! Shane would go crazy sucking on those nipples your squeezing." 

Her eyes traveled down my body. "Now slide those dainty little panties off."

I did. I stood in my cubicle during a busy workday afternoon completely naked with my coworker. What the hell was I thinking? Just about the time I was going to chicken out and jump back into my conservative black pencil skirt, Donna gasped "damn Karmen! Look at that bush!" I was about to be embarrassed, but instead I raised my chin and planted my hands on my naked hips "Steve likes this bush, thank you very much! Our bodies are real!" She began laughing which made me laugh and before you knew it, we were laughing so hard we were crying. 

Donna was out of her leggings and little black minidress in a second, which wasn't too difficult seeing as she wasn't wearing a bra or underwear! How did she do that? Whore. The thought had me giggling again.

I sat my bare ass up on my desk and leaned back on my elbows. Donna sits in my executive type chair and places my feet on the arms. As she rolls forward toward me, my knees bend and my legs spread. There is a sudden burst of laughter from the tellers in the bank lobby which makes both of us jump. While my head is still turned toward the door, I feel donna's long blond hair tickle my inner thigh as she lowers her head to my cleft. She slowly runs her hot wet tongue from the crack of my ass up and over the hood of my clit. She makes a low humming sound in the back of her throat that sounds like pure ecstasy and I let my head fall back and I close my eyes to absorb all of the pleasure. To feel.

I barely sense Donna's arm reaching around my hip and brushing it as she grabs the butt plug. I hear the metal against her teeth as she puts the plug in her mouth to warm it. She takes the plug out of her mouth and runs it through my dripping cunt lubricating it . I feel the tiniest bit of pressure against my tiny bud and before I can make any kind of protest, she slides the plug into my rear and simultaneously gives my clit a hard and toe curling suck. 

"Ah! Dammit!" I almost came right there. Which is probably the very reason why I didn't hear the quick tap on the cubicle door as it opened. Yup. Someone opened the door and shut it just as fast. My glazed over eyes finally focused on the figure now standing frozen as my friend and coworker ate my pussy.

"Steve! Oh my..." About that time Donna stuck her finger in my greedy cunt which made me loose total focus "OH MY..." I could actually feel her grin. That dirty slut. We were totally busted by a surprise cubicle visit from my dear hubby.

"Karmen, what the hell? What's going on here? " he wasn't yelling - thank goodness since we were in a bank - but I could definitely hear the emotion in his tone. 

I opened my mouth to try to explain, but it was that same moment that Donna pushed two of her slick fingers in my throbbing hole and gave my butt plug a little tug and twist with her free hand. Steve chose that exact moment to grab a handful of my long brown curly locks to pull my head back towards him and he caught my gasp with a scorching kiss . We were all teeth and tongue and when he gave my erect nipple a hard pinch , I shattered. 

"Holy hell, that was sexy as fuck!" Steve still held me by my hair "you couldn't wait for me, baby? Are you a dirty little horny slut?"

What else could I say? So I gave him a lazy smile and said "yes. And now I'd like some cock please"

Steve smiled. He was pleased. "Well then, by all means..." He turned his gaze to my friend Donna who was reclining in my desk chair - naked - her face still glistening from my climax. "...what do you say we show Karmen here how much fun three can be?"

He didn't wait for an answer. He didn't have to. He moved around my desk and stood between me and Donna. He stood straight and tall with an air of dominance pouring off of him. Steve was an extremely sexy man. His sandy blond hair was thick and just unruly enough to make you think someone had just run their fingers through it. He had bright green eyes that sparkled beneath long eyelashes that gave him an innocent look until you noticed his mouth. A mouth made to drive me wild. From his sexy voice that spoke both loving and filthy things that pushed me over the edge to the way he could use it to devour my cunt like a starving man. I loved this man.

He took my hand and helped me off of my desk. Always the gentleman. He was still dressed in his office attire which always turned me on because I knew what was wrapped up beneath that conservative package. He gripped my face with both of his strong hands and kissed me again like he was worshiping me with his mouth. I'm sure I would have melted into a puddle if he hadn't been holding on to me. He pulled back just enough to give me his next command "suck my cock". He was in control.

I went down onto my knees thankful for Donna's pile of clothes to rest them on. I began unbuckling Steve's belt and soon had his form fitting khakis down his muscular legs revealing his tight ass and an impressive erection bobbing in front of my face like it was begging to be in my mouth. He toed off his leather loafers and I took him deep. 

Steve hissed through his clenched teeth as he held my head and fucked my mouth "shit Karmen! You have the most fuckable mouth!" He slowed his pumping into my mouth and turned his focus on Donna "come here." She stood and sauntered over to us and stopped when she was standing behind me facing Steve. 

"You rang?" She crooned. 

"You have amazing tits - I'm gonna have my dick between them here soon" she smiled but remained silent as if she were waiting for her next command. She didn't have to wait long "you have quite the dirty mouth Donna. Kiss me so I can lick that sweet cum off your face"

She leaned over me as Steve continued to leisurely slide his length down my throat with his left hand still firmly grasping the long curly locks of my hair. I looked up to see him grab a handful of her long shiny blond hair and pull her mouth to his. I was so turned on watching his tongue lick and hear him suck as he tasted me on her face. I could only imagine what an erotic sight we were and almost wished I was just a voyeur watching from the sidelines. Almost.

Steve pulled back and looked down at me "good girl" 

He moved over to my desk chair undressing completely as he went and slowly sat down "come to me". I stood and moved to him never letting my gaze stray from his eyes. There we were, three people experiencing this optimum level of ecstasy while average and ordinary life was going on in the lobby right outside my cubicle door.

Steve slid his hips forward and stroked himself "straddle this cock baby" 

I put my hands on his shoulders and put my knees on either side of his muscular legs. My entrance was wet and my clit was throbbing. I loved riding Steve. 

Instead of impaling me with his full erection, he looked over my shoulder at Donna "Donna. Replace my baby's plug with that crazy looking vibrator and let's show her what double the fun really means"

Donna answered with a low raspy voice "hell yeah..." I could hear her walking toward us and I heard her retrieve an object from her pile of goodies on the desk. It was definitely a crazy looking vibrator. It was a vibrant fluorescent pink with large ripples that gradually became larger down it's shaft. I remember her little show-n-tell when she bought it a few weeks ago and how velvety soft it was. I couldn't wait to have it in me. I couldn't wait to have Steve in me.

She moved to stand behind me. She kissed my left shoulder and I tilted my head to give her access. Her lips were so soft and warm I got lost in their touch on my heated skin. Steve was cupping my breasts and pulling my nipples. Donna's right hand slid down my spine and she spent a moment caressing my ass before she plucked the butt plug from my rear. Steve caught my yelp in a wet hot kiss and I was lost again. 

Steve pulled back and rested his head on the chair gazing at me with hooded eyes "put me in you" I grasped his cock and he easily slid into my drenched cunt. Donna was lavishing my back with wet kisses and I let my head fall back and I closed my eyes thoroughly enjoying riding Steve's dick. 

Steve put his large hands under my arms and pulled me forward taking my nipple into his mouth and he sucked hard. Relentlessly. My head was spinning but I still heard the tell-tale click of the vibrator and felt myself relax as Donna slowly fed it into the gaping entrance left by the plug. Oh the feeling was fabulous! 

I couldn't do anything except move myself up and down reeling in the feeling of being so full and racing to climax. I could hear Steve's grunts and moans of pleasure as he hissed out random curses. I could hear Donna coaxing us both along giving us a play by play of the sexual scene we made. 

"Oh shit! Yes!" I came loud and hard. Loud enough that I'm sure the lobby would soon be on to what was going down behind the glass walls and closed blinds. Luckily Donna reached around and covered my mouth to muffle my screams as she continued pumping my ass and Steve pummeled my pussy.

We were all sweat and cum and giggles as I slumped onto Steve's chest to recoup from one of the most fantastic orgasms I've ever had. 

Donna stood and Steve gently stood me up on my shaky legs. He brushed a few curls that were stuck to my sweat misted face behind my ears and in a cool authoritative voice he told me what we would do next.

"Donna. Put that sweet ass up on the desk and spread them long sexy legs wide. Open up sugar." She did. He turned me around to face Donna with him at my back. He reached around to knead my breasts and pinch my sensitive nipples and bent to stroke his tongue softly in my ear. "Now Karmen, baby, you're going to eat that hot smooth pussy while I cum in your juicy ass" I was frightened and thrilled at the same time. 

Donna could sense my unease and began talking to me in a soothing and extremely hot voice filling my ears with sensual words of encouragement. "Cmon Karmen, eat me. Eat my pussy the way you like to be eaten. Mmmm... You're gonna love it."

I looked at Donna then I looked over my shoulder at Steve and then I looked at Donna's spread open pussy. I realized that I had no reservations. None. So I bent forward and lowered my head to Donna's cleft. My tongue slowly circled her clit and I latched my lips on her and sucked gently. 

Donna drew her knees up more opening herself up to me even that much more. She tasted so sweet and that plus her hot scent was making me hot all over again. I lifted my ass in the air beckoning Steve to take me. 

He was caressing my backside "damn girls, you are so fucking hot... Karmen baby, I fucking love watching you when you're so turned on... You girls are sexy as hell... Damn..." He reached around and began circling my clit with his thumb causing me to moan into Donna's pussy and eat her like I was starving. She was writhing with pleasure and I couldn't wait to feel her cum in my mouth. 

Steve took his other hand and pressed my lower back causing my hiney to raise a bit more him "that's it baby... Lift that tight ass for me..." He ran his fat cock head through my slick folds to lubricate himself then he pressed his head to my tight hole. "Cmon baby... Open up for me... Let me have you" I relaxed and he slowly slid inside. There was a little sting of pain but Steve noticed and began to soothe me and rub my aching clit effectively getting my head back into our game. "Shhh... That's it... Take my cock... Oh hell yeah baby" 

Donna was mewling. She was making incoherent noises letting me know she was close, not that I needed it since her juices were beginning to drip down my chin. I remembered her huge dildo and easily found it on the edge of the desk. I grinned into her and clamped down on her clit as I rammed the big rubber cock into her with a grunt. "Fuckin hell yeah!" She screamed "fuck me with that big cock Karmen! Eat me till I cum! Yessss!" Her total loss of control was invigorating but it couldn't take my focus off of Steve taking his pleasure behind me.

"Oh Karmen... Your ass is so tight... So damn hot... It's burning my dick you're so hot... Aw baby I'm gonna cum so hard in you... Oh baby..." I could feel his cock getting harder and bigger and I knew he was on the edge. He was rubbing my clit fiercely and I knew I was going to shatter a third time making me suck at Donna's pussy more and more. 

Donna was the first to let go quietly squealing and trembling sending a rush of hot juice around the big dong I was still stroking her with and I lapped it up like a delicious treat. Steve's grunts were coming louder and faster and when he reached up to grab a handful of my hair and yank my head back arching me into him, we both came with loud breaths and loving words surely heard by anyone within earshot. If it weren't for Steve's arm still around me, I'm sure I would've fallen to the floor weak from the onslaught of pleasure I'd just felt. 

We all caught our breath and looked at one another with sated smiles. Steve gathered himself and dressed then helped each of us clean up and dress putting each of us back together and business professional. 

He kissed me softly - tenderly - and held my face as if he were worshipping me. "Thank you Karmen baby. Nothing comes close to making love with you, but this was too much damn fun not to do it again." I had to agree. He moved to the door and gave me a wink "I love you baby... And Donna, next time I'm gonna fuck those perky tits". And then he was gone.
