 She stood in her shower, allowing the nearly scalding water to relax her as she daydreamed of her evening ahead. At the encouragement of some friends, Andra had signed up on an online dating site. Over the past weeks she had chatted with several men and tonight she would finally meet one. 

At the age of 23, Andra was an accomplished photojournalist. She traveled world wild, chronicling whatever subject caught her interest. She was 5'4" and slim built. She was disappointed with her small breasts, which were barely a B cup, but she loved to flaunt her ass. Round and firm, it caught men's attention wherever she went. 

Andra finished washing and got out of the shower. She wrapped her dark brown curly hair in a towel, and as she glanced at herself in the mirror, her large green eyes glinted as she imagined the flirting and teasing she would do later in the evening. A few days prior, she had gotten her first Brazilian wax. It hurt like hell at the time and she swore she'd never get one again. But the pain was gone quickly and now between her legs she was silky smooth and so sensitive. Every little touch made her shiver. 

When Andra heard the Mustang Cobra pull up out front she threw on her clothes and quickly put her hair into two pigtail braids. Paired with the tight miniskirt and stretchy, clingy aqua-colored halter top, her hair would be the perfect contrast of nice to go with naughty. 

As she ran out to the car, Andra got her first good in-person look at her date for the evening. Erik was a marine, and his pictures on the dating site didn't do him justice. He was very tall, and what little hair was left after the marine barber was done with him was so blond it was nearly white. His eyes were a pale icy blue and lit up when he grinned as soon as he saw Andra. Clearly, she thought to herself, she dressed just right for the evening. 

Andra and Erik made small talk as they headed toward the restaurant. They decided on a quaint Italian place on the water and ate outside. After dinner Erik invited her to go back to his place to watch a movie and get to know each other more, and that was exactly what Andra had in mind. She agreed, and in the car on the way to Erik's place he explained he had 2 roommates who were also marines, and that the 3 of them had decided to get a house off base. 

As they pulled in the driveway, Andra was disappointed to see other vehicles there; the roommates were home. 

Erik and Andra walked into the house and they could hear the TV was on in the living room at the back of the house. "Might as well meet the guys," Erik said, and Andra led the way down the hallway toward the sounds of the other people in the house. 

Andra stepped into the living room just in time to see a blond woman on her knees in front of one of the men on the couch as he gave a loud groan and came in her mouth. Andra muttered an apology and tried to back out of the room, but Erik was directly behind her. She backed into him and he caught her by the shoulders. 

"Time for introductions," he said. Andra was stunned silent. 

The man who had just gotten a blowjob was Wes, and the blond woman was his girlfriend, Rachel. Wes was average height with brown hair and brown eyes, and he was extremely muscular. He hadn't bothered to pull his pants back up and Andra tried not to be obvious as she noticed he was already starting to get hard again. 

Rachel was short, with straight blond hair that was well past her shoulders, and gray eyes. She was shirtless and braless, but was wearing lowrise jeans. She had large breasts, at least D cup size by Andra's guess, and her nipples were a perfect delicate shade of pink. 

The other man on the couch was Paul. Paul had sandy colored hair and brown eyes. He also wasn't wearing a shirt, and the bulge in the crotch of his pants gave away his erection from the show Rachel and Wes had just put on for him.

"Everyone, this is Andra," Erik said. Andra was uncomfortable but mumbled a shy "hello" to everyone in the room. She was just about to turn to Erik and ask if they should go out for a movie when Rachel spoke up. 

"I'll get her to warm up to us" Rachel said as she smiled at Andra. It was then Andra realized that walking in on everyone was no accident. Erik planned this! Andra didn't know if she should be angry about being tricked or scared about being outnumbered, but she couldn't deny that she was extremely curious. She had never taken part in group sex before and was unsure what to do. 

All eyes were on Andra and she started to protest, but she was backed up against Erik and he still had a hold of her upper arms. He held her still and whispered to her "just let this happen." 

As Rachel walked toward her, Andra turned her head so nobody would see how deeply she was blushing. For the first time since she walked into that room, Andra noticed what was playing on the TV. They were watching porn! 

Andra watched as the two women on screen took each other's clothes off and began to fondle and finger each other, moaning appreciatively and talking dirty. A man joined in and they turned their attention to him, one of them sucking the entire length of his cock and the other licking and sucking at his balls. 

Just then Rachel started rubbing Andra's breasts through the thin cotton of her shirt, and Andra realized how wet she was getting. Erik still held Andra's arms firm at her sides, but any bashfulness she had felt earlier that would have made her want to resist had left her. 

Rachel was now gently biting at Andra's nipples one at a time through her shirt, leaving the fabric damp over each breast. Wes was fully erect again, Paul had unzipped his jeans and pulled them down his thighs, and Andra could feel Erik pressing his now very hard penis against her lower back. 

"Why don't you girls put on a little show for us," Paul said. Erik let go of Andra's arms and went to pull the fold-out bed out of the large sofa, then he went to sit down on the couch to watch what Rachel and Andra would do. 

All 3 men had their shirts off now and were slowly stroking themselves as they waited eagerly to see what the women would do to each other. Rachel and Andra faced each other on their knees on the bed and began to kiss. Rachel massaged Andra's breasts for a moment and then Andra leaned down and began licking Rachel's beautiful pink nipples. They got hard right away, and, encouraged by Rachel's apparent pleasure, Andra started to suck and bite as she squeezed at them with both hands. 

Andra kissed and licked her way down Rachel's smooth flat belly and slowly unzipped her jeans to reveal that Rachel wasn't even wearing any panties. Rachel had her pubic hair trimmed very short and shaved into a thin strip. She had been aroused so long that her jeans were damp where they had been touching her pussy. 

Andra eased Rachel's jeans down her thighs and grabbed her ass with both hands. Rachel laid back on the bed and Andra leaned down to push Rachel's legs apart. Andra had never been intimate with a woman before and was surprised at how natural this seemed to feel. 

Andra bent down and began licking and sucking Rachel's swollen clitoris, alternately nibbling on her labia and sliding her tongue into Rachel's soaking wet pussy. Immediately Rachel squirmed and writhed in obvious ecstasy and within moments she was screaming and cumming. 

"I'm done just watching," Erik said. "Andra, you are way overdressed." He and the other men got up off the couch and removed their pants the rest of the way. They had all enjoyed watching the women play together, and their erections were dripping with pre-cum. 

Simultaneously, Erik and Wes started taking Andra's clothes off of her. They laid her on her back on the bed and Erik pulled her halter top over her head while Wes worked her miniskirt down her legs leaving nothing on her but her black, see through mesh fabric thong, revealing to them that her pussy was completely bare. 

Wes groaned with obvious pleasure and started to gently bite at Andra's clitoris without even removing her thong. The sensation was like nothing she had ever felt before and without even thinking she began rocking her hips to rub her pussy against Wes's face as hard as she could. Paul had pulled Rachel up onto her hands and knees and pushed himself deeply into her with long, deliberate strokes. 

As Andra watched Rachel's breasts bouncing in rhythm to Paul's hard fucking, Erik positioned himself so his cock was right in Andra's face. She knew what to do and she didn't hesitate for a moment. Andra grabbed Erik's throbbing cock with one hand, his balls with her other hand, and sucked him into her mouth as hard and deep as she could. Already there were thick drops of cum oozing into her mouth as she felt how strong and fast his pulse was. 

Andra groaned and whimpered as Wes continued his pleasurable assault on her pussy and Erik fucked her mouth as hard as he could. Just when she was on the verge of cumming, Wes stopped his licking and biting and quickly ripped away Andra's thin thong, tearing it into several pieces. He knelt in front of her and pushed her legs as far apart as they would go, then thrust the full length of his rock hard cock deep into her pussy. 

Andra was so wet it was nearly torture. She had been waiting all night to have a hard cock inside her and it only took Wes 3 or 4 thrusts before she was thrashing about, cumming harder than she ever had in her life. While Wes was buried deep inside Andra, Erik grabbed the back of her head and pushed his cock so far into her mouth it was nearly going down her throat. His burning hot cum gushed into her mouth in abrupt spurts as he yelled in ecstasy. 

Wes continued to pump away at Andra's tight pussy as she looked over in time to see Paul pull out of Rachel's pussy and cum all over her round little ass. They both collapsed onto the bed trying to catch their breath. 

Andra was becoming aroused again, and she could feel Wes's penis swell up more inside her and grow even harder. She bucked her hips against him to feel every inch of his cock, and suddenly he pulled out of her. He grabbed his cock and squeezed hard as his burning cum sprayed all over the outside of Andra's pussy. 

"That's a dirty little pussy now," Wes said. "Rachel, clean her up." Obediently, Rachel came over and started licking her boyfriend's cum off of Andra's pussy. Andra wanted to cum again, but this time she wanted to be on top. 

Andra got Erik to lie on his back and stroked his cock until he was fully hard again. She straddled him and hovered above him so that just the head of his cock was inside her pussy. She teased him for a few minutes, and then swiftly sat down on him, taking in his entire cock in one motion. 

Erik grabbed Andra by her hips and slammed into her as hard as he could. Her breasts shook and she moaned pleadingly as she grinded down onto him. Andra's pussy kept getting wetter and her muscles clenched tighter as she felt another climax building deep inside her. When she felt Erik's cock twitch and spasm, it sent her over the edge and her whole body convulsed as Erik's cum spurted inside her gush after gush. 

Andra collapsed forward onto Erik's chest and breathed heavily, listening to his heart pounding away, both of them glistening with sweat. 

Paul, Wes and Rachel were all finishing up at the same time. Erik and Andra watched them as they were catching their breath. Wes was fucking Rachel doggie style while Paul laid back for Rachel to deep throat him. She took his entire cock in her mouth, and when Wes came deep inside her pussy, Rachel took Paul's cock out of her mouth and jacked him off until he sprayed his cum all over her face. 

All 5 of them lay on the bed gasping for breath. After a few minutes Erik suggested they go out to the back yard and get in the jacuzzi. On their way out, Andra and Rachel got under the garden shower together to rinse off. They were both still naked, and Andra reached out to touch Rachel's breasts. They kissed each other deeply and rubbed their bodies together under the lukewarm water from the outdoor garden shower. Their bodies shined in the moonlight as the splashing water sparkled all around them. 

Rachel and Andra joined the men in the Jacuzzi. Andra sat on Erik's lap facing away from him. As she wiggled her hips around on Erik to get him hard again, she arched her back to give the others a good view of her wet breasts bared in the cool evening air. 

Erik was hard again, and Paul had positioned himself in front of Andra between her parted legs. Andra looked over to see Rachel and Wes paying attention only to each other as Rachel slowly rode on Wes, her head thrown back in pleasure and his mouth on her breasts. 

Andra slowly and gently eased Erik's cock into her virgin ass. It stung a little, but before she had time to change her mind, Paul was thrusting his cock into her pussy. Andra froze, unable to move, only able to think about the astounding sensation of getting ass fucked and pussy fucked at the same time. Two cocks, so unbelievably hard, shoving rhythmically into her. She was pushed tightly between the two men, Erik's hands holding her hips in place and Paul's chest rubbing against her breasts making her nipples harden. The roughness of Paul's pubic hair against Andra's clitoris was so stimulating she was getting dizzy. 

Andra's body shook violently as she was racked by wave after wave of orgasm. It felt like her climax would go on forever. As both men came inside her at the same time, shooting hot cum deep into her pussy and her tight ass, Andra completely lost herself in the ecstasy and kept cumming so hard she thrashed violently in the water. 

When it was all over and they sat quietly in the jacuzzi, Erik asked Andra if an evening like that was something she was interested in doing more often. She would officially be "his" girlfriend, but the everything-goes parties would continue. 

Andra didn't even have to think about her answer. As of that moment, she was Erik's girlfriend; hardcore fuck parties were about to become her new way of life.