 INTRODUCTION

I was inspired to write this story by another literotica story I read. The story is titled "What came over me?" by the author jo350. The story was written a year ago and I had hoped for a sequel. Since there was no sequel I decided to write this story. All the character names are different so as not to infringe on the other author. It is not necessary to read the other author's story before reading this one, however it is a very good read and one of my favorites. If this story receives good feedback I will continue with the same characters and introduce some new ones as well.

SATURDAY AFTER THE PARTY

Katrina awoke the next morning in the strange apartment she was still naked. She was able to locate her short dress and shoes but her panties were no where to be found. Everyone else had left and the apartment was vacant. Male cum had dried on her thighs, her buttocks and in her hair. She was still mad at herself for agreeing to come to this party as she recalled her own debauchery. She thought to herself, "My God what have I done?"

She cleaned up as best she could, dressed and left the apartment. As she walked the streets of Paris she felt the eyes of strangers on her as if they knew that the 36 year-old recently engaged American professor was used for sexual pleasure last night. Katrina walked toward the Metro as if in a trance her only thoughts were to get home and get clean. She boarded the Metro picking the last car in hopes that it would not be crowded. The last car was as crowded as the others and there were no seats left. She stood holding on to a pole in front of three seated university students, none of them gentleman enough to offer her a seat. She stared out the Metro car window but she really didn't see anything as she thought about last night.

Her mind drifted back to the events of the evening before. How could she have let herself be taken by complete strangers? How could she allow three men and one woman to take such liberties with her? How could she give into her darkest fantasies and desires? She had taken two cocks in her mouth, three in her pussy and two in her ass experiencing anal sex for the first time. How would she be able to face Professor Develde again after she allowed him to cum in her mouth, her pussy and her ass? She had betrayed and cheated on her fiancée in just one week since he went to the states for a two month sabbatical. She and Richard had talked about trying anal sex and she had promised him that she would have anal sex with him when he returned. Now she was no longer an anal virgin having given up her ass not to one but to two men the same night. "Had Richard called her last night?" she wondered.

Her trance was interrupted when one of seated students said something in French to his friends and soon she had other students standing around her. As the metro moved toward the next station she felt the young bodies pressing up against her own. The she felt hands on her legs stroking her calves working their way up to her thighs. Her skirt being cut 10" above her knee offered no cover for the roaming hands. She tried to move away from the students but the ones standing around her only pressed more tightly against her. She thought to scream but did not want to draw more attention to herself. The hands were above her knees now stroking her inner and outer thighs. She shivered and trembled from the gentle stroking and touching.

She thought that she must move away from them but her body did not respond. The hands became bolder now and they began to fondle her upper thighs brushing the curve in her buttocks and her pubic hair. The seated students became excited when they realized that she was not wearing panties. Words were exchanged and Katrina knew they were discussing her traveling without panties. The hands became more urgent as they cupped her curvy ass, everyone loved her ass. Fingers probed her pussy and searched for her clit. She was dripping wet and moaning in response to the probing fingers. Pussy juice was moved to her nether hole as lubricant and then fingers probed her asshole along with her pussy. She had fingers in both her holes as hands fondled and squeezed her delicious bottom and continued stroking her shapely legs. 

She lost track of time and of where she was as the Metro came to a stop. It was the last stop and she was well past her own station. Katrina then realized that only she and the students were in the Metro car, even though there were plenty of seats the boys still pressed around her into her body. The Metro doors opened and the boys moved and led her off of the train. They guided her onto the platform and into a room at the far end of the station. There were two mattresses on the floor and Katrina had the sense that the boys had brought girls here before. She guessed the number of students to be six or eight although she couldn't be sure, everything was such a blur and beyond her comprehension.

She was relieved of her dress and she stood totally naked in front of the students. Hands covered her body as the excited boys groped any available flesh of the lovely professor. Fingers returned to both her holes, her breasts fondled and her nipples pinched as they talked about her body and she clearly made out that they were discussing her fantastic ass. She was then laid on her back on one of the mattresses and one by one the students fucked her. The boy's cocks were of different widths and lengths and she felt that three of them were well endowed as they filled her pussy. She had multiple intense orgasms before the last boy shot his load into her cum filled cunt. All the while Katrina remembered the words of Professor Develde last night, "What a slut you are Katrina and what a good fuck. What would Richard say if he could see you now?"

She realized that all of the boys were naked now and that they must have felt very secure in this room to remove all of their clothes. Katrina was rolled over and placed on all fours she knew that with the recuperative powers of youth that she was in for a long session of sex. A well endowed youth slid his cock into her pussy as another pushed one into her face. Katrina instinctively sucked the boy deep into her mouth as the other pounded her pussy. A third boy took her long brown hair and wrapped it around his cock and began to jerk off.

The boy in her mouth came first followed by the one jerking off into her hair. The third boy was still fucking her and she felt herself approaching another orgasm. "Oh mais oui, se bon, it feels so good!" Katrina said mixing French with her English. 

Another boy presented her with his cock which she quickly took in her mouth. Katrina shook as another orgasm rocked her insatiable body as the boy in her pussy filled her with his cum. The boy in her mouth came quickly coating her throat with his salty sperm.

Katrina fell forward on her knees resting her head on the mattress. Her gorgeous ass pointing up in the air did not go unnoticed and one of the students scooped cum out of her pussy and lubricated her asshole. He soon had his finger sliding in and out easily and then he pressed his cock against her bung hole. He eased his cock into her ass emitting cheers from the other students. The others shouted words of encouragement telling him to fuck her hot ass. As Katrina was ass fucked another student jerked off shooting his cum onto to her engagement ring. She looked at the ring covered in cum as the students mocked her and again she thought of Richard.

Katrina was snapped out of her trance when the student in her ass filled her hole with his jizm. There was so much cum that she felt it swirling around in her rectum and trickling out of her ass down over her pussy and inner thighs. There was more excited talking between the students and Katrina interpreted some it referencing big cocks. One of the students slid under her and pushed his big thick cock into her pussy emitting an audible gasp from her. A second one offered her his big cock which she sucked into her mouth and a third one slid his big cock into her ass. Now she realized that they wanted her fucked with the three biggest dicks at that same time. Katrina had never been so full of cock in any of her holes much less all together.

They fucked her hard and fast causing her more orgasms if that were possible. Then the one in her ass stiffened and shot his load deep into her bowels. She was never so full of cum. The one in her mouth followed and she swallowed as quickly as she could as blast after blast filled her mouth. Finally the one in her pussy came and she felt it reach deep into her passage up into her womb. One by one they removed themselves from Katrina but she was given no rest as three others filled her three holes.

Once again Katrina had cocks in her ass, pussy and mouth. She was drained and exhausted but the students were relentless as they fucked her almost lifeless body in all of her holes. As one student shot his wad and freed up one of her holes another cock was there to take its place. Katrina was fucked for hours and she was sure that the students each had cum three times maybe even four times before they were finished with her. She collapsed on the mattress as the students dressed and left, mockingly thanking her for a wonderful time.

Katrina once again dressed herself in her short red dress and made her way to the washroom. She tried to clean up the best she could rinsing the dried cum from her body. She looked at her left hand and noticed the wad of cum still coating her engagement ring. She was humiliated as she tried to clean the ring and once again she thought of Richard. "My God, he hasn't been gone but a week and I have had sex with at least eleven men and one woman all in the past twelve hours," she said to herself.

Katrina made her way back to the Metro platform and took the train back to her station. The car was not crowded this time and she was able to sit comfortably anxious to get home. When she left the station she dreaded walking up the stairs to the street because she knew that the people behind her would be able to see under her dress. As she made her way up the stairs to the street she heard mumblings behind her and she sensed they were talking about her. "Why did these stairs have to be so long?" she asked herself.

A few men called out to her thanking her for not wearing panties and showing off her shapely legs and magnificent ass. Some of them offered to eat her pussy and fuck her ass. Katrina thought about running up the stairs but then decided against it that would only serve to create more exposure of her body. She painfully continued her ascent up the stairs to the street trying to ignore all of the lewd remarks. One she reached the street level she sighed with a sense of relief. It was only a few blocks to her apartment. As finally she left the station she heard some of the men say that they would look for her again on the Metro and thanked her again for her nude display. She hurried down the street to her building and prayed that there would not be another encounter before she reached home.

She finally reached her building and made her way up to her apartment. Once in side she stripped off her dress and ran the water for a bath. As the tub was filling she checked for phone messages and Richard had called last night. She decided to wait until later after her bath to call him. Katrina eased herself into the bathtub and the warm bubbly water covered her entire body as she sank to the bottom. She loved these big deep French bathtubs. As she relaxed in the water her thoughts returned to the events of last night and this morning.

She regretted every minute of her debauchery but at the same time she cherished the intensity of her orgasms. She had never cum so often and with such ferocity as she had within the past 24 hours. As she recalled each and every partner and position she felt herself being aroused. Her hands moved over her breasts and down over her stomach toward her vulva. Her pussy and her clit were still a little sore and her ass ached from all the penetrations. She felt a little constipated as well. Still her hands searched for and found her pussy and her engorged clit.

Katrina began to finger her pussy and tweak her clit imagining that she was once again in a group sex situation. She remembered Nichole the beautiful shapely student who kissed her, licked her pussy and tongued her ass. It was her first experience with another woman although she did not reciprocate the pleasures Nichole gave her. "Will I next time? Will I eat her pussy? Will I rim her ass?" she thought to herself. Suddenly Katrina orgasmed again as she fingered herself and thought about Nichole. 

She snapped out of her stupor and said out loud trying to convince herself, "What is wrong with me? There is not going to be a next time. I am engaged to Richard and I will never let this happen again."

She knew she had the rest of Saturday and all day Sunday to recover and regain her composure. She would never let herself be compromised again and she would not put herself in a situation such as she did at the party. There would be no more parties and no more acts of infidelity. On Monday she would meet with Professor Develde and explain how the champagne had impaired her judgment and how Friday night was a complete mistake. She would tell him that she was not some slut, as he had called her, to be used for his and his friend's sexual pleasure. 

She already felt better about herself as she stepped out of the tub and dried herself with the thick soft towels. She felt cleaner now and she would forget everything that happened. She convinced herself that in two months her rectum would contract to a normal size and that Richard would believe that he was the first in her ass. Her confidence grew and now she was ready to call Richard. Katrina put on a soft terry robe over her naked body, sat in her favorite chair and dialed Richard's number in the States. 

Her conversation with Richard went well. He had asked where she was last night and accepted her explanation. Katrina told him that she was out with her friend Danielle and they went to her place after dinner. She told Richard that they had sat around talking and dinking wine and that because she had a little too much wine she decided to crash at Danielle's place. Then the normal chit chat followed. She and Richard said how much they missed one another and how much they loved on another before saying goodbye.

Katrina sighed and took a big deep breath after hanging up the phone. She was done with Richard and on Monday she would deal with Professor Develde then the memory of last night's orgy would pass and be forgotten over time. Katrina decided to go out to the café to relax and have some coffee. She loved to sit in the outside cafes of Paris, sip coffee and people watch. The fresh air would do her good.

She put on her tight fitting jeans and a sweater. The jeans followed every contour of her shapely legs and curvy ass. She turned many a Parisian head when she wore her jeans. She headed to her favorite café down the street, the Un deux trois.

Katrina sat outside at the café enjoying her coffee and a French pastry. She watched the people go by taking in the women and their latest fashions. Her mind wandered back to the previous evening and she still couldn't believe what she had done. At the same time however she felt herself getting aroused again and tired to think of different things. As hard as she tried to clear her mind she kept returning to the scenes of the previous night and how she was seduced. Katrina felt another stirring in her loins and thought to herself, "This is absurd I must stop thinking about it." 

Her thoughts were interrupted by a female voice, "Bon jour Katrina."

Katrina looked around to see who addressed her as the voice was heard again. Then she spotted the young girl, it was Nichole with a couple of shopping bags walking toward her. It was the same Nichole who she had been with last night the very same girl who licked her asshole preparing Katrina for her first ass fucking. Katrina blushed in embarrassment but politely returned the greeting.

Nichole smiled and came over to Katrina's table and spoke, "Do you remember me Katrina? We were at the party together."

How could she forget, "Yes Nichole, how are you?" she replied.

"Tres bien merci!" replied Nichole, "How are you? May I join you?"

"Oui, yes of course," I answered her still embarrassed about running into her.

Nichole sat down at my table and ordered a glass of wine. We made idle chatter for a few minutes continuing to mix French and English as we spoke. She told me that her boyfriend Henri was away with some friends for the rest of the weekend so she decided to do a little shopping.

"Do you remember Henri from the party?" she asked.

"Oui je se, I remember" I said as I thought to myself, "How could I not remember the man that took my anal cherry, the first man to fuck me in the ass.

Nicole smiled as she knew that she had struck a nerve. We chatted for awhile longer and than Nichole asked me if we should get something to eat. It was getting late so I agreed and we asked for menus. Nichole and I dined outside as Paris turned into the city of light. Paris was such a beautiful and romantic city. We had consumed one bottle of wine when Nichole ordered a second. I started to protest but allowed her to order it, the wine was so good.

Our conversation continued with no discussion about the party for which I was grateful. After the second bottle of wine was finished Nichole offered to buy me a cognac. I told her that I had enough to drink at the café but if she liked she could join me at my apartment for a coffee or cognac. I regretted making the invitation as soon as the words left my lips.

"Mais oui, I would love to, merci," Nichole quickly responded.

"It's just a few blocks from here," I told her.

We paid our check and let the café for my apartment. Nichole picked up her two bags from shopping in one hand and put her arm through mine as we walked to my apartment. As we walked arm in arm we turned many a head as they checked out the two shapely women. I was sure that Nichole overheard the same comments that I had, once again comments about our shapely asses.

We arrived at my apartment and I told Nichole to make herself at home while I put on some coffee. Nicole put her bags down and flopped down on my sofa. She complimented me on the apartment and its décor. I brought the coffee over to the sofa and sat next to Nichole. We sipped coffee and chatted once again this time Nichole steered the conversation toward the party last night. I blushed from embarrassment when she brought it up but tried to maintain my composure.

"Please let's not discuss the party I am so embarrassed about what I did," I requested of Nichole.

"But why?" she asked, "After all you just did what we all did. We had sex with each other very enjoyable sex."

"Nichole I am engaged to Richard and he has only been gone one week. I should not have allowed myself to be compromised and now I have to live that down," I confessed.

"But Katrina you will be alone for two months certainly you don't expect to go without sex all that time," Nichole offered.

"I am engaged I am supposed to remain faithful," I said almost in frustration.

"No, no Katrina it is very normal to want sex. Many French women and men have affairs with other partners even after they are married," Nichole insisted.

Nichole was right I was in the prime of my sexuality and I felt the need for sex. I felt the need at that moment and I looked at Nichole remembering her soft touches, her roaming tongue licking my pussy and rimming my asshole. My stare must have given my desires away for she moved closer to me on the sofa.

Nichole took me in her arms. I was putty in this young girl's hands as she stroked my hair and kissed my lightly on my cheek. The smoothness of her touch and delicate stroking was electrifying. I felt as though my entire body was paralyzed. Nichole turned her body onto mine our entire bodies were touching each other and it was a very erotic feeling. As Nichole began to kiss me her lips were soft and moist and made my inner being come alive with desire. Her hands went underneath my sweater and located my braless tits. Nichole manipulated my nipples between her fingers. 
