 INTRODUCTION

This is the third chapter of "What have I become?" The first chapter was inspired by another literotica story I read. The story is titled "What came over me?" by the author jo350. The story was written a year ago and I had hoped for a sequel. Since there was no sequel I decided to write this story. All the character names are different so as not to infringe on the other author. It is not necessary to read the other author's story before reading any of these stories, however it is a very good read and one of my favorites. I have received very good feedback on the first two chapters and many of you encouraged me to write additional chapters. I will continue with the same characters and introduce some new ones as well. As always I have listened to your suggestions and I have incorporated many of them in this story. Please enjoy and continue to provide me with your feedback.

By the way I will not write about any of my personal experiences in the future. Those stories seem to upset some of the readers and I only receive negative comments.

BACK IN THE STATES

As Katrina enjoyed another party and orgy, her fiancé Richard traveled to Key West, Florida with his new found lover Brandy. Brandy had arranged for a charter flight to take them directly from New York to Key West. On the flight down Richard became a member of the mile high club when Brandy sucked his cock. Richard reciprocated by sucking Brandy's big cock thereby renewing Brandy's mile high club membership.

Once they arrived at the airport a limo was standing by to take them to the all-inclusive gay resort. After they arrived at the resort they checked in and were shown to their room by a beautiful looking very effeminate male staff member. The staff member wore a logo t-shirt and very tight shorts that showed off his very shapely bubble butt. The room was very tasteful with two queen size beds. The staff member gave them a quick verbal overview of the resort describing the various rooms and resort themes. He reminded them that it was a clothing optional resort and not to be surprised to see some of the guests walk around totally naked. He concluded by suggesting that they walk around and become familiar with the grounds and the amenities. Finally he told them to relax, let go and enjoy themselves.

Richard and Brandy unpacked quickly and changed into shorts and sandals. They opted not to wear shirts as they walked around the grounds. They first walked past the pool and almost everyone in the pool and on the pool deck were naked. Those that weren't nude wore very skimpy bikinis. Some men were in the pool grab-assing and kissing others on the deck were sunbathing and putting lotion on one another. Many eyes followed Brandy and Richard as they walked around checking out the new arrivals.

They looked in on the exercise facility and there were a few hunks in there working out. There was a steam room, sauna and Jacuzzi in the spa area and they checked them out as well. Richard was treated to his first public display of gay sex as they opened the door to the steam room. Two men were sitting close to each other kissing and stroking each other's cock. There was a foursome getting it on as well with one guy sitting on his partner's cock while his own cock was sucked by another guy. The guy sucking the cock was getting his ass fucked. They watched for a minute and then closed the door and moved on to the sauna.

Checking out the sauna they found a couple stretched out in a 69 position sucking each other's cock. Moving on to the Jacuzzi they saw two guys sitting on the edge of the Jacuzzi getting their cocks sucked.

"Looks like they get started early here," quipped Richard.

"Richard they start when ever they want here and do it wherever they want. That is what is so cool about this place," replied Brandy.

They left the spa area and checked out the restaurant, bar and some other rooms. The restaurant and adjoining bar was the only area requiring clothing. There was also a dance area which didn't open until 8:00 PM and then there was a Play Room that really became an orgy room late at night where anything went.

Brandy suggested they go back and put on their bathing suits and catch some rays before lunch. They changed into their suits and headed down to the pool area. Brandy spotted a couple of lounges next to two very young blond haired boys. The two boys were both naked and had deep golden tans.

"Are these lounges available? May we join you?" Brandy asked the boys.

The boys looked at us smiled and then one replied, "Please do join us but you are a bit overdressed."

Looking around the pool and seeing that everyone was naked Brandy replied, "It seems that we are!" Then Brandy stripped off his suit and put his impressive cock on display.

Richard saw the boys smile at him and lick their lips. Then he heard Brandy tell him to lose his suit as well. Richard slipped off his suit and quickly sat down in the lounge. He thought to himself, "Having Brandy as a private lover was one thing but this was going to take some getting used to."

Brandy and Richard introduced themselves to the boys and learned that their names were Michael and Chris. However Michael preferred the French pronunciation of Michelle and Chris preferred to be called Chrissie. They were both college students and roommates at Miami University. They were both 20 years old and could have easily passed for brothers. The boys were natural blondes with hairless bodies and flawless skin. Their cocks appeared to be normal but as Richard and Brandy would later learn they were almost 8 inches long when erect.

"Richard put some lotion on the sun down here is very hot and you will burn quickly," Brandy told me as he started to cover his own skin.

"I could do that for you if you like," Michelle offered.

"Sure that would be nice," Brandy replied and then rolled over on his stomach.

Michelle moved over and sat on the side of Brandy's lounge chair and began to rub the suntan lotion into his skin. He started with his neck and shoulders and worked his way down his back to just above his buttocks. Michelle then skipped Brandy's ass and put the lotion on his legs starting at his ankles and working up over his calves and thighs again stopping this time below Brandy's ass.

"I think you better put some on my butt too," Brandy requested.

Michelle's hands seemed to tremble as he massaged Brandy's shapely ass with the lotion. Michelle got caught up in the moment and massaged Brandy's ass for a long time and Michelle started to show hard. Richard realized that he had been staring at the two of them and he then became aware of his own erection. Richard quickly lay on his stomach burying his cock into the cushion of the lounge.

Without asking Chrissie moved over and began to put lotion on Richard. His hands felt good on Richard's skin and Richard just went with the flow although he was totally unsure of where this would end up. Richard then heard Brandy speak again.

"I don't think the sun will shine in there," he told Michelle.

Richard turned his head toward them just in time to see Michelle withdraw a finger from Brandy's asshole. Brandy rolled over on his back and his cock was fully erect. Michelle wrapped his hand around Brandy's cock and poured lotion over it. He stroked Brandy's cock up and down as Richard looked on in amazement.

"Take it easy Michelle I don't want to cum all over your hand," Brandy cautioned.

"I thought that you would like to shoot. I would love to see you shoot," Michelle giggled.

"I would prefer to shoot in your ass than on your hand and the pool deck," Brandy said laughingly.

"Follow me I will show you where we can get off," Michelle said excitedly and then, "A lot of guys get off there during the day."

Michelle led Brandy to the spa area and then to the exercise room. Michelle knelt down on an exercise ball and leaned forward accentuating his curvy ass. Brandy's cock was still coated with the suntan lotion and by simply adding his own saliva he was able to make it very slick. He eased his 9 inch slippery cock into Michelle's ass slowly. In one steady smooth stroke he buried his cock to the hilt in Michelle's rectum. Brandy withdrew slowly and then continued the methodical in and out motion until Michelle's ass loosened up. Brandy then began to pound Michelle's ass his hips slapped against Michelle's shapely ass cheeks.

Richard and Chrissie had followed them into the spa and exercise room. They stood there and watched as Brandy fucked the daylights out of Michelle's ass. Michelle moaned and groaned and urged Brandy to fuck him hard and deep.

"Let's join them," Chrissie said to Richard.

But this is not what Richard wanted. He and Brandy had just arrived at the resort and they had not even fucked yet and here was Brandy fucking a total stranger. Now another stranger wanted Richard to fuck him. Richard was glued to the scene before him as Brandy fucked the beautiful young Michelle and Chrissie stroked Richard's hard cock.

Chrissie led Richard by his cock over to where Brandy fucked Michelle spread over the exercise ball. Chrissie leaned forward, spread his butt cheeks and guided Richard's cock into his ass. Once Richard was settled in Chrissie's ass, Michelle sucked Chrissie's cock deep into his mouth. Richard's cock felt good in the warm recess of Chrissie's rectum and he then began to fuck Chrissie's hot ass with enthusiasm.

Richard surprisingly came first shooting his load deep into Chrissie's ass. Chrissie then came in Michelle's mouth triggered by the hot cum scalding his own anal passage. Michelle worked his anal muscles to perfection and drove Brandy toward an intense orgasm. Brandy filled Michelle's ass with a barrage of cum filling to an overflow state. The surge of Brandy's cum sent Michelle over the edge and he blasted his load all over the exercise ball.

The four of them grabbed some hand towels and cleaned up the best they could. They all then showered and returned to the pool area. They received many knowing glances from those still lounging around the pool. They decided to grab some lunch so they donned their bathing suits and secured a table poolside to have lunch.

As they chatted over lunch Brandy and Richard learned that Michelle and Chrissie were leaving later that afternoon. Apparently the hotel was booked and they didn't want to stay if they couldn't remain at the resort. Brandy blew Richard away when he offered to let Michelle and Chrissie stay with them.

"We have plenty of room, there are two queen size beds in our room," Brandy offered.

Michelle and Chrissie ecstatic and they quickly accepted Brandy's offer to stay with them. Richard was put out and annoyed that Brandy didn't clear it with him first. Richard had been looking forward to this trip as a getaway with Brandy and now he had to share his room with two strangers that they had just met. It was clear that Brandy was taken with the beauty of these two young boys and that he looked forward to fucking them both.

Michelle and Chrissie moved their belongings into the room and then rejoined Brandy and Richard poolside. The rest of the afternoon they soaked up the Florida sun and occasionally cooled off in the pool. At times Richard spotted Brandy talking with other men when he was in the pool. Richard wondered what the rest of the long weekend would bring.

Later toward the evening the four of them left the pool and adjourned to their room to shower and dress in preparation for dinner. Everyone wore proper attire for dinner and all were on their best behavior. Dinner was delicious and well served. Following dinner they all returned to the room to dress for the nightly entertainment.

"You won't need anything but shorts tonight," Michelle advised.

"Yes and no undies," Chrissie giggled.

Brandy smiled and put on a pair of tight fitting shorts that clearly outlined his impressive cock. Richard was still apprehensive about the evening ahead but followed Michelle's advice. The four of them headed to the dance club.

"Just follow your instincts," Brandy advised Richard.

They entered the dance club and Richard was stunned by the public display of nudity and sex. Men danced with each other and held each other close. Some men kissed as they danced and ran their hands all over their partner bodies. As Richard's eyes focused in the dark room he realized that many of the men were totally naked as they danced with each other. Their hard bodies were pressed against one another and their erect pricks rubbed together as they swayed to the music.

"Just remember we will be here for a few more nights. Let's just move around and become familiar with the nighttime activities," advised Brandy.

"Oh you haven't seen anything yet, wait until we visit the game room," Michelle cackled.

The four of them moved through the dance room and into the play room. When they first entered there were a number of couples having one on one sex but as they moved to other sections the scene changed.

"The regulars call this the orgy room," Chrissie said.

The floor was covered with soft vinyl mats and there were bodies everywhere. Richard spotted one foursome with the two of them locked in a 69 position as two others fucked the asses of the two engaged in Felatio. Another foursome had one guy on his back getting fucked in the ass. The guy fucking him was also getting fucked in the ass as he sucked the cock of a guy who straddled the guy on his back. The first guy on his back was running his fingers in and out of the ass of the guy straddling him. Richard had never witnessed such a raw display of sexual behavior. As they moved around the room Richard realized that everyone was fucking everyone bareback. He didn't believe that strangers took chances like that anymore but here he was witnessing it himself. He noticed that four other guys had joined the original foursome and now there eight guys coupled together. Two of them remained in the 69 position as they were ass fucked, then two others joined in fucking the ass fuckers and in turn they were joined by two more ass fuckers.

Richard realized that this was just about fucking and sucking and getting one's rocks off. It had nothing to do with love. It had nothing to do with the love he felt for Brandy. He wondered why Brandy had even brought him here.

"Come on Richard we have seen enough for tonight. It's time that we went back to our room," Brandy said smiling.

The four of them headed back to their room but instead of Brandy walking with Richard he walked with Michelle. As they walked ahead of Richard and Chrissie, Brandy had his hand on Michelle's ass. Richard felt a pain of jealousy ripple through his body as Michelle leaned into Brandy and kissed him.

"Don't let it get to you. Everyone likes Michelle when they meet him. Just go with the flow and accept that Brandy will be fucking Michelle but remember that you can fuck me," Chrissie said trying to offer encouragement to Richard.

Richard was annoyed but turned on at the same time. If Brandy didn't fuck him or he didn't fuck Brandy then he would indeed fuck Chrissie. In fact he might even let Chrissie fuck him.

Once they got back to the room in didn't take long for Michelle to get in bed and turn his beautiful shapely ass up in the air in anticipation of Brandy's huge cock. Brandy did not disappoint him and he was soon pounding Michelle's magnificent ass. Chrissie on the other bed followed Michelle's lead and offered his ass to Richard. Richard torn between revenge and lust plunged his cock into Chrissie's ass and proceeded to fuck the shit out of him.

Michelle and Chrissie got their asses totally reamed by Brandy and Richard. Michelle wanted all four of them in the same bed so he and Chrissie got into a 69 position on their sides and Richard and Brandy slid their cocks back into their assholes. The four of them writhed and humped until they all exploded in orgasms. Michelle and Chrissie filled each other's mouth with the familiar taste of their sperm just as Richard shot his wad into Chrissie's ass and Brandy blasted his load into Michelle's ass.

The four of them stayed in the same position for about a half hour as their cocks deflated and slipped from their receptacles. Cum oozed from assholes and dripped down the side of mouths as the foursome recovered. Michelle, Chrissie and Brandy possessed the recuperative powers of youth and they were soon ready to go again. Richard on the other hand lacked those powers and was only useful in a passive mode. Brandy positioned Richard on the bed on his back. He had Chrissie slip his cock into Richard's ass. Brandy then got behind Chrissie and fucked his ass as Michelle straddled Richard and fed his cock to Chrissie's mouth. The scene was all too familiar to Richard who had witnessed this in the orgy room except that now he was the recipient. Richard could not believe his own fate and how he allowed himself to be coerced into such debauchery. Richard thought briefly of Katrina and what if she was to see him now.


"Let's cum on Richard," Michelle said giggling.

Richard realized this was all a game to them. There were no feelings this was all about getting off and sexual deviations. Michelle pulled out of Chrissie's mouth and aimed his cock toward Richard's face. Michelle exploded and shot cum onto Richard's chest and face. Right after Michelle shot his wad Chrissie pulled out of his ass and shot his load on Richard's abs and chest. Surprisingly Brandy did not cum in Chrissie's ass but he also sprayed his load on Richard's body.

Richard was further humiliated when Michelle jerked him off and he came on his own body, his cum mingling with that of the others. Richard was spent and embarrassed and he went into the bathroom to wash away the humiliation. As Richard cleansed himself he wondered what had gotten into Brandy and why had he acted this way. Richard returned to the room only to find the three of them engaged in sex once again. Chrissie was on the bottom with Michelle fucking his ass and Brandy was on top of Michelle fucking him in the ass. Richard just crawled in the other bed and fell asleep to the sounds of raw sex in the bed next to him.

MEANWHILE IN PARIS

Katrina awoke to the gentle prodding of her asshole and she soon realized that Henri was pushing his cock into her ass once again. Then she felt a tingling in her pussy and soon realized that Henri's girlfriend Nichole was giving her cunt a good morning licking. It didn't take long for Katrina to cum multiple times before Nichole finally left her pussy. Nichole rolled over and Henri moved Katrina to all fours between Nichole's legs. Katrina attacked Nichole's all too familiar pussy with enthusiasm and she soon had her writhing and screaming in orgasm. All this was too much for Henri and he lost it firing a barrage of cum into the shapely ass of Katrina.

The three of them relaxed on the bed and Katrina thought of her fiancé Richard. She felt bad for him having to work all weekend in New York while she engaged in orgasmic activities. She wondered how she would ever face him again and what would she ever say to explain her lustful behavior. Oh course she had no idea that Richard struggled with the same issues and how would he ever explain his gay side to Katrina. 

Katrina, Nichole and Henri showered dressed and then went to the café for a light breakfast. The three of them had a leisurely petite breakfast and relaxed with small talk. They ordered another round of coffee noir and enjoyed the fresh air and people watching. Katrina wondered as she watched the people walk by how many of them got laid last night, how many of them participated in an orgy and how many of them had morning sex.

Henri had to leave but his girlfriend Nichole remained behind with Katrina. They had more coffee noir and talked some more.
