 He put his one hand on his kneeling buddy's shoulder, and the other on my neck, caressing me, rubbing up to my cheek, pressing his thumb to my lips. I hardly knew what I was doing. Somehow it seemed perfectly natural to open my mouth for him, letting him push his thumb in.

"Oh my," Evan said, in kind of a half-laugh, half-sneer. He looked down at Roger, who was taking my balls into his mouth, gently sucking them lower to keep me from exploding my boy-cum all over his living room. "I think it's time we showed him the bedroom, don't you?" 

"Yes, I think it's time to teach our new boyfriend all about what we do in there," he said as he stood up. He wrapped his large hand around my throbbing, saliva-slickened penis and literally tugged me down the hallway. His hand felt so warm, so comforting. The possibility of resisting did not exist. As I fell in step behind him, Evan followed close behind, his fingers playing with my bottom, his fingertips pushing in close to my hairless pucker.

I was very aware of the fact that I was completely naked, my most private parts being fondled, almost mauled, by two clothed men. I dimly recall thinking, "I'm not gay ..." but that thought drowned in the waves of lust that I could not hold back. Instead of resisting, as we got to the bedroom doorway, my steps grew wider apart, the better to give Evan access to what his fingers were searching for.

They led me to the foot of Roger's bed. I sat on it, facing them, as they stood before me, my eyes level with the waistbands of their shorts. "Unzip us," Roger said. Without a word, I unbuckled his military belt, unbuttoned and unzipped his shorts, and let them fall to the floor. The tent in his boxers was huge. I next unsnapped Evan's shorts, peeling them down, and almost giggled at the obscene sight before me. His tight lycra bikini underwear could barely contain the fat manhood just inches from my face. I could see through the thin fabric that that his cockhead was three or four times the size of mine. 

Looking up at Roger, I put my fingertips in the waistband of his boxers, then pulled it out and down. His cock was gorgeous. He was at least 8 inches, fully hard, cut, with light blonde hair curling up from his balls to halfway up his shaft. Still looking up at him, I felt his hand on the back of my neck, pulling me in. "Suck me," he ordered.

I opened my mouth and obeyed.

I have to say that I wasn't nearly as artful at sucking him as he had been with me. After all, it was the first time a man had ever put his penis into my mouth. (Actually, I had licked cock before -- my own -- as I was that skinny and limber. Those times, however, were matters of straining to lick a boy's penis. This was the act of getting impaled by a big, hard man.)

My lack of experience didn't matter. Roger just wanted to fuck my young face. No sooner had I put my lips on his cock than he grabbed the back of my head and thrust forward, grunting and shoving almost all his meat down my throat. I tried to pull away, but he didn't let me. I was gagging, choking, my saliva dribbling down my chin and tears streaming down my cheeks, but he didn't let up. His first couple of thrusts brought my nose only a couple of inches away from his blonde bush, but then he slowed down, easing that monster in deeper, until at last I felt his cockhead down to my adam's apple and his pubic hair in my nostrils. He held me there for what seemed like a minute, but was probably only 20 seconds or so. He worked me side to side -- I could feel his ass cheeks flex in turn as I hung onto them for dear life -- as he wiggled in deeper, just like I do when I'm deep inside a pussy.

Once he finally pulled out -- both Roger and Evan laughing at me -- I gasped for air, almost crying in front of them. Yet my own much smaller penis remained as throbbingly hard as ever. That was when Evan insisted it was his turn. Without further instruction, I leaned into him and began tonguing his hairy navel. While out of the corner of my eye I watched Roger strip completely naked, I formed my tongue into a hard point, the better to plow through Evan's forest of thick black hair, eventually arriving at the the little waistband of his man panties. Just like his buddy had, Evan held my head with both hands, guiding my mouth lower, wordlessly ordering me to suck him.

I slipped off the bed to get on my knees before him. I bit onto the edge of his underwear and pulled them down, having to get on hands and knees to pull them to below his knees. Looking up, I was shocked at how fat his cock was. I put my hand up onto his taut abdomen, my forearm right beside his erection, and couldn't help but gasp. It was every bit as thick as my wrist.

Roger, looking down on me, laughed. "Yeah, it's a fat one alright. Hurts like hell the first time."

Evan didn't give me time to respond, though inwardly I felt afraid of what I knew I would soon be forced to do. He positioned his purple head -- more the size of a small orange than a plum -- at my lips and I began licking, like a child on an ice cream cone. I lapped at his cock with the flat of my tongue, then pointed it again and played with his pee hole with the tip.

"Oh yeah, take your time, boy," he said. I knelt lower, as Roger had done in the living room, so that I could mouth Evan's scrotum. I wanted to show them both that I was a quick study in this new game of cocksucking. I gently took his huge ball sac into my mouth, having to lean my head back onto the bed to do so, my heart pounding at the sight of his fat shaft waving over my face. Then I licked my way up, at last getting his penis into me, moaning at the sheer naughtiness at wanting to please this man.

I was sprawled on the floor, my legs splayed apart, leaning back against the bed, trying to work Evan's cock deeper into my mouth as he stood over me, his feet on both sides of my hips. Roger stepped behind his buddy, then reached underneath me and grabbed my naked ass. He easily lifted me up -- after all, I was only150 lbs and he was at least 190 -- and pushed me onto the bed, on my back. Evan and I didn't miss a beat. As I slithered backwards on the bed, he walked forward on his knees, straddling me, keeping his cock buried in my mouth and thrusting in with each step, then pulling out to where just his cockhead was in me. I eventually squirmed back to where I could rest my head on the pillows by the headboard. The whole time I was adjusting my mouth and throat to the size of Evan's girth, marveling at how much his manhood put my little-boy penis to shame.

I got into a wonderfully sexy rhythm, bobbing up and down on Evan's cock, learning how to control my throat muscles so that I didn't gag as I went down on him as deeply as possible. With Evan straddling me, Roger knelt behind him and lifted my legs, spreading them, exposing my hole. He knelt lower and I could feel his hot breath on my anus.

But with Evan's cock in my mouth, I was at first only dimly aware of Roger parting my legs and moving his mouth in closer to my exposed little nut sac and anus. When he put his tongue in me I had to pull off Evan's cock to cry out, it felt so good. Roger basically tongue-fucked me, his saliva dripping down my hairless little ass crack, while I moaned and twisted in ecstasy, wanting to, but failing, to give proper lip service to Evan's fat cock.

Evan then dismounted, kneeling on the bed to the side of me. He laughed, commenting that "I really want to watch the next step." I didn't understand what he was talking about, but also didn't resist as he held my legs in the air. Roger got up on his knees in front of my virgin bottom. He gripped his hard tool and began sliding it up and down my saliva-slickened crack. Looking down past my own throbbing penis, I watched as he forced his cock into my bottom.

He felt so big. So much fuller, and hotter, than the empty longneck beer bottles and hairbrush handles that I had experimented with before. The look on Roger's face was priceless. He was intensely focused, looking down at my boy bottom consuming his man cock, his full 8 inches disappearing inside me as I moaned like an aspiring slut getting her pussy filled for the very first time. 

I reached down behind me to pull my bottom open even wider. I wanted him in me. I wanted his cum. I wanted to watch his face as he exploded in my freshly violated cunt. Ha -- to my own credit, as a testament to how desirable my body is -- Roger gushed his sperm into my boy butt after only a couple of minutes of fucking me. I felt so filled. So fulfilled. Fucking my first vagina wasn't nearly as good as having my boy-pussy fucked for the very first time. Madonna, eat your heart out. Vaginas and breasts are only second best.

I whimpered as Roger pulled his softening penis from my bottom. I could feel his sperm dripping from my gaping hole. Evan uttered a low growl, like a carnivore in heat in the presence of a receptive female. 

"Get on your hands and knees, boy." I did what I was told, and rolled over. Roger again manhandled me and pulled me toward the foot of the bed. He walked around, got back on the bed and knelt in front of me, his half-hard cock, dripping with his cum and smelling like my own ass, just inches from my face. Evan stepped around on the other side, getting on his knees behind me, my freshly fucked bottom oozing cum just inches from his fat cock.

That's when they double-teamed me. I opened my mouth for Roger at the same time Evan spread my butt cheeks. The sheer nastiness of sucking a cock that had just been pulled from my anus almost made me cum without touching myself. This could be an acquired taste. My lovers were so in tune they entered me at the same time. I would have gasped at feeling Evan's fat cock push into me, but my mouth was too occupied by Roger's once-again hard cock. They got into a thoroughly depraved, mansex rhythm, as if they'd shared a slut before. I felt as if I had one long cock running through my entire body. Evan would pull my slim hips toward him, burying his manhood into me but pulling the rim of Roger's helmet to my lips, then he would shove me forward, impaling my face into his homosexual lover's pubic bush while his own penis head stimulated my sphincter. In other words, I was in bitch-boy heaven.

That's probably the only time in my life when I'll gush sperm from three places at once. Roger was practically shouting "oh yeah, oh yeah" while he fucked my face, while Evan issued loud, animal grunts as he fucked my bottom. I felt Evan's cum exploding in my bottom at the same time I tasted Roger's cum exploding in my mouth. Without even touching my throbbing cock, I exploded my own cum onto the bedspread. 

After that, we were all pretty tired. By then, the sun was coming up and we curled up together to sleep, three naked males together -- one a nearly hairless teen with a newly stretched butthole, alongside two very hung men. I'm not sure whether Roger or Evan woke up first, but I do vividly recall them taking turns fucking me on that bed before I got a sip of coffee. That morning I was on all fours for Roger, and on my back for Evan, looking up at him as he orgasmed inside me one more time.

Eventually I did get dressed to go home to my own apartment, my out-of-town girlfriend a very hazy memory. We all laughed as I unsuccessfully searched the apartment for my underwear (Roger later found them under the living room couch), so I had to put on my khaki shorts commando style.

Once I finally said good-bye, both Roger and Evan were naked except for boxer shorts. Evan had borrowed a pair from Roger, as apparently they are more comfortable than skin-tight bikinis after a night of college-boy fucking. Roger opened the door into the hallway to let me out. Then Evan pulled me close and very forcefully French kissed me. I willingly opened my mouth to him. At the same time I heard something in the background, something like another door opening. Evan laughed, and playfully grabbed my penis through my shorts. I was obviously getting hard, despite having been fucked and having cum more times than I could recount. Evan pushed me to Roger, who was standing in the open doorway. He grabbed my butt with both hands and pulled me into him, while I opened my mouth for another randy, buried-tongue good-bye kiss.

Only then did I see that the sound that I had heard was that of Michelle opening her doorway. She was wearing a pair of cotton boxers -- very tight across her ample butt -- and a thin cotton t-shirt, the nipples of her large breasts plainly visible. She had seen me kissing the two men living in the apartment across the hall from her. She looked surprised, and I was utterly humiliated. 

She looked at the tent in my shorts, very obvious because I wasn't wearing any underwear. I looked at the hard nipples poking through her thin t-shirt. Roger and Evan stood there in their boxer shorts, looking on, smirking, knowing that they had experienced my body and that she hadn't. She took it all in, as if she knew exactly where their cocks had been.

"Looks like you had a better night than I had," she said. I just smiled and walked down the hallway toward my apartment, wondering if she could see Roger's and Evan's sperm oozing out my sphincter.