 As soon as Andrea had slipped under the duvet and into bed, I knew this was no longer just a fantasy, but was really about to happen. Her boyfriend and I both started to undress after having watched her undress. Then seeing for the first time her quite stunning naked body, my cock was already semi hard. She has a full figure, with a lovely colour to her skin and great breasts. I noticed her pussy was neatly trimmed with only a small narrow strip of dark pubic hair on top and smoothly shaven lips. As we undressed, I also noticed that like myself, her boyfriend's pubic area was trimmed very short and his balls were completely free of hair. Once naked we both got into the bed on either side of her and turned towards her, each of us with semi to fully erect cocks. She first turned to her boyfriend and kissed him then turned back to face me and did the same. After she had kissed me and left my lips wet with her saliva, she turned back to her boyfriend and slipped her head under the covers to his cock and I can only assume by the look on his face that she started to suck him off. He looked over at me with a gentle sigh and faint smile as the duvet moved up and down slowly, then suddenly Andrea appeared again and looking over at me with her lips wet and her face flushed red.

"Yum." she said as she lifted the duvet again and I felt her long hair dark trail down over my stomach until her hot wet mouth found my cock and closed over the head. She quickly pushed my foreskin down with her lips and then gripping my balls with one hand as she sucked the head of my cock into her mouth. Once the head was well lubricated, she began to jerk me off with her other hand and suck my tip at the same time, but only for a minute. She then lay back down in the middle of the bed and asked the blunt question, "Who would like to fuck me first?" 

I still felt a little embarrassed and felt that I shouldn't be too pushy and only take what I was given, so I said nothing. After a few seconds she slipped under the covers and straddled her boyfriend, then as I saw her reach between her thighs, I knew that she was about to guide his cock into her and start fucking him. There was something quite kinky about not being able to see all the action for the duvet, the only part of her that I could see clearly were her full breasts as they hung over his chest. She moved up and down very gently as his cock started to penetrate her pussy and then I noticed her sit down fully on him and knew that his cock was now deep inside her hole. 

She sat still on his cock and with a thoughtful look on her face asked yet another very blunt question. "Do either of you care about condoms, I mean are you both going to cum inside me?" Once again I was lost for words and just looked at her. Her boyfriend simply said "Do you mind if we both cum inside you?" "Not at all, as long as you both still fuck me." Andrea replied. I started to think about fucking her pussy if her boyfriend had already cum inside her and whether or not I would be prepared to do that. I would have to push my cock into her and get it covered with his sperm.

I watched her breasts as they swayed back and forth as she began riding him, but couldn't stop thinking about what I should do. She leaned over to kiss him on the mouth as she slid her pussy slowly up and down his shaft, then as she sat upright and began fucking him faster and harder, the duvet slipped down around her hips. I could see more of her now and that got me even more turned on. She placed her hands flat on his chest and began to fuck him harder and I watched as her thighs muscles tensed and relaxed as she rode up and down. 

He had now closed his eyes and Andrea was clearly concentrating on making him cum, as I noticed her pay more attention to the down strokes onto his cock. She would lift her pussy up quickly, then slowly and more deliberately push back down onto his cock, with the intention of pulling his foreskin down with her tight lips. This seemed to be working as he moved his hands up and held Andrea by the thighs, his face becoming redder and his mouth was now open. 

He began to breathe more heavily and once Andrea noticed this, she leaned forward to kiss him and kept her pussy gliding up and down his wet shaft. Then as soon as her lips touched his, his hands moved to hold her ass and he really began to fuck her. I could hear his cock and balls as they slapped up against Andrea's pussy, then suddenly all went still and she sat down fully on his cock and I knew that as she looked over at me, her pussy was being filled with fresh hot cum. She gently stroked his chest as his cum flooded into her, then she began to laugh and they both relaxed.

I was desperate to see between her thighs and witness her cum filled pussy and all of a sudden the idea of fucking her did not seem so bad. She leaned forward once more to kiss him and I sat up on the bed and ran my hand gently down her back. I moved down the bed slightly to look at her pussy as she was still sitting on his cock as they kissed. I pulled the duvet down from behind her and pushed it down the bed a little. Her ass was amazing and his cock was still deep inside her, but no longer fully erect. Her lovely pink assholes was stretched open slightly and although I could not see any cum, the shaft of his cock and her pussy lips were very wet. 

I began to rub my hands gently over her ass cheeks and watched as his cock slowly began to slip out of her hole. I pulled her ass cheeks open a little and then suddenly his cock flopped out of her pussy and lay there semi hard and covered in cum. I held her cheeks apart, but only the smallest amount of cum appeared on her lips and dripped down around his cock. 

Andrea then moved to get up off her boyfriend and as she opened her thighs, some cum started to run out of her pussy and down the insides of her thighs. I watched in delight as the sperm dripped out of her and onto his stomach, then she turned to me and said "Quick, lay back down on the bed." I did so immediately and then saw Andrea cup her hand under her pussy as she moved over to me. 

My cock was very hard indeed and as she straddled me and I could see the sperm from her pussy starting to spill out between her fingers. I had to fuck her know, cum inside her or not. She slowly lowered her pussy down towards my tip, still with her hand covering it, then as the tip touched her hand she parted her fingers and let the tip slide in between them. Once my cock touched her pussy lips and began to push them apart, I felt the cum running out of her and slide down my cock and onto my balls before some of it ran down between my legs. She then sat down with her full weight as I penetrated her and felt that her pussy was super hot inside and obviously very wet indeed. 

I held her thighs and she began to fuck me just like she had done to her boyfriend only moments ago, her breasts swinging just above my chest as she leaned forward and kissed me. I pulled her down onto me and we kissed for a while as I fucked her slowly, loving the feeling of her cum filled pussy on my cock. I could feel the cum from her hand on my shoulder as she held me, but thought nothing of it, then saw her boyfriend move down the bed and position himself so that he could watch her pussy being fucked again. 

As I fucked her, I could feel the cum from within her steadily spilling out and running down my shaft, it truly was the best lubricant, making her pussy smooth and slick. As we kissed and fucked and her boyfriend watched, my cock slid out of her several times. Each time she would reach back and guide the tip back inside again. I knew he was touching her ass like I had been doing and was thrilled that he was watching me fucking his girlfriend's pussy. I placed my hands on her thighs as she fucked me and noticed that her boyfriend was either kissing her ass or possible even licking her asshole as I fucked her, because she soon started to breath heavily and lay down on my chest and started kissing me very hard on the mouth. 

I moved my hands up onto her ass and held her cheeks open as I fucked her and by the position and movement of his head, I was sure he was tonguing her ass. This went on for some time and Andrea was clearly becoming more and more aroused and I really began to wonder what he was doing to her ass while I fucked her pussy. She seemed to near orgasm, then suddenly it would go away again and I tried as best I could to make her cum. 

It was clear now that her boyfriend was licking her ass and then fingering it as her face was flushed red and I made an extra effort to make her cum. I held her ass tight and really began to pound my cock into her pussy as she put her head on my chest and moaned out loud. My cock slipped out of her pussy suddenly and slid up over her asshole and as I desperately tried to get back inside her she said "Keep fucking me." This brought my orgasm closer, but I tried to hold off as best I could, then eventually had to let it go. 

I pulled her ass down firmly onto my cock and raised my hips up against her as I felt a massive orgasm begin and quickly afterwards felt a powerful load of sperm shoot up inside her pussy. I held her tight as several more spurts shot into her and I felt my cock begin to soften. Andrea moaned as my cock slipped out of her pussy and flopped onto my stomach spilling the last of my cum. As I lay there wishing that I could still fuck her I felt my hot cum dripping out of her and landing on my cock and balls, so I took my slippery semi erect cock and tried to push it back into her pussy. 

I did manage to get my cock back inside her and as soon as I did she leaned forward and began to kiss me, then my cock began to stiffen ever so slightly. She tried to fuck me again, as she must have been so close to cumming, but my cock kept slipping out of her hole. I lifted my cock up once more to try, then as I penetrated her, I felt something else at her pussy. I looked up to see that her boyfriend was on his knees behind her and was pushing his now fully erect cock back against her cum soaked pussy. 

My cock was now deep inside her and getting harder by the second, but after feeling his cock pressing against her hole and touching my cock once or twice, I decided to remove my cock and let him fuck her for a few moments. He penetrated her instantly and began to fuck her cum filled pussy, which made her very happy indeed. She placed both hands on my face and opened her mouth, then pushed her tongue into my mouth and we began to kiss very passionately. I knew that she was desperate to cum and loved the idea that I might be kissing her as her pussy gets filled with even more sperm and she has a huge climax. 

I then felt and heard her boyfriend pull his cock from her pussy as she was quite full of cum and fucking her was making a lot of noise. I lifted my cock back up to her hole and once again began to fuck her, but her boyfriend held her hips still as he leaned forward and suddenly Andrea's mouth moved away from mine. "Oh fuck, yes." she said over and over in a quiet voice and I knew that his cock was pressing slowly into her ass this time. I looked down at him, but his eyes were closed and he was moving back and forth ever so slowly as he pressed his cock into her ass. 

Andrea clenched her teeth as his cock slowly penetrated her ass and the very thought of this made my cock stiffen more and was now almost fully erect again. I waited until he was inside her and then thought that we could both fuck her until she reached the massive orgasm that was surely very close. With his hands firmly on her hips and his cock moving back and forth very slowly, I noticed that he was indeed getting deeper into her ass with each stroke. Then both of them let out a simultaneous sigh as he pulled her back onto his cock and I felt his balls press firmly against her pussy, where I had been rubbing the head of my own cock up and down. 

I then pulled Andrea down a little so that my cock slid up inside her hot, wet hole and then as I felt my balls press against his, he began to fuck her ass. He moved slowly at first and I could feel his balls banging gently against mine, but it wasn't long until he began to speed up and then I also began to fuck her pussy faster and a little harder. It was tricky trying to get the timing right, but we soon managed to hold her ass still as each cock pumped at it's own pace into both her pussy and ass. Andrea was now in ecstasy as we both fucked her and I could only imagine what kind of orgasm she might have with two cocks inside her. 

After only a few minutes of our cocks fucking her two lovely holes, she let out a loud "Oh yes, fuck me...." then she fell forward onto me as her boyfriends cock slipped out of her ass and my own cock slid out of her pussy and up over her asshole. Her thighs strained and she lay on top of me for maybe 30 seconds, as she appeared to be having an orgasm of some degree, then she got back up and turned around to face her boyfriend still with her thighs spread across my lap, but with her back to me this time. I held her by the hips as she kissed him and then lowering her pussy down again to my cock, she held my shaft with her hand, but this time she guided it not into her pussy, but up to her lovely pink asshole. I gazed at her asshole as my tip touched it and just as I was thinking of pushing into it slowly, Andrea sat down on me and my cock slid up inside her with no trouble at all.

She started to draw her ass up and down on my shaft as she and her boyfriend kissed passionately. I had never fucked a girl in the ass before, but must admit it felt great, but I was glad that I had cum already as I wouldn't have lasted long at all fucking her ass. She raised her hips up and down gently as they kissed and I held her ass cheeks and watched as my cock fucked her ass with ease. Her boyfriend then moved his mouth away from hers and said something to her, but I could not make it out. 

Andrea then put her hands back on the bed behind her and started to lean back onto me, until she was lying on her back on top of me with my cock still in her ass. Her boyfriend then raised her legs up and moved his cock forward and prepared to fuck her pussy again. Andrea's hair was in my face as she lay on me and I put my hands up around her and held her firm breasts in my hands as her boyfriend got into position once again. This time with my cock still deep in her ass, I could feel his cock bumping against mine and was sure that he was trying to fuck her pussy, but kept on feeling his tip poking around her ass and touching my balls and the base of my shaft. 

I put my hands down under her ass cheeks and lifted her up a little and started fucking her ass more rapidly. Then as I was fucking her, my cock slipped out of her ass and before I could reach down as push it back in, her boyfriend pushed his own cock up into her ass and he began fucking it. Now I knew what the plan was and would not have been surprised if all these moves had been planned in advance. I decided to go along so that she might reach that huge orgasm. I held her full breasts in my hands and rolled her nipples between my fingers quite firmly as he fucked her ass.

I could feel the weight of them both on me now, Andrea lying on her back and her boyfriend leaning forward onto her and fucking her in the ass. It was clear that she was getting ever closer to her orgasm and I was eager to see it happen. After a few minutes, her boyfriend pulled his cock from her ass and sat back stroking it gently, trying to hold of his own orgasm. I immediately reached down and pushed the tip of my cock back into Andrea's ass and began to fuck her hard and fast again. 

Her asshole was so smooth and tight to fuck that it was difficult not to cum as soon as you penetrated it, so we kept a routine of pulling out when necessary. As I fucked her this time, she had turned her head to the side and seemed to be whispering to herself quietly, then I noticed both her hands were down at her pussy. This made me fuck her a little harder and I also noticed that her boyfriend was touching her pussy as well. Suddenly, I felt the very beginning of my orgasm, so I quickly pulled my cock from her ass and had to really concentrate to hold off yet another orgasm. My cock was quickly replaced by her boyfriends and Andrea's breathing began to quicken more and more.

Things were getting a little frenzied now and I think we were all in need of cumming. As soon as her boyfriends cock left her ass, I was back in there again and fucking her hard and fast, but now only for a minute or so. This time as I fucked her, I noticed her boyfriend was down between her thighs and sucking on her pussy as Andrea's fingers were rubbing her clit frantically trying to reach orgasm and I was steadily pumping away at her ass. 

As soon as my cock was pulled from her ass this time and her boyfriends cock penetrated her again, her orgasm began. It started with a low moan and Andrea trying to straighten her legs out, but her boyfriend was leaning forward on her thighs as her fucked her ass and I reached down and gripped her ass cheeks tightly with my fingers. I held her ass cheeks apart as he fucked her and she began to get louder and louder. She kept shouting "Oh fuck, yes, fuck me, I 'm gonna cum, fuck me." and as soon as she did this I noticed her boyfriend slowing down and then putting his full weight onto her as he clearly had started to cum in her ass.

With his cock still deep in her ass, I heard the strangest noise and then felt warm liquid run down from between her thighs and onto my cock. She had started to cum and cum she did. With his cock deep in her ass, Andrea had sprayed her own cum from her pussy all over her boyfriends stomach and the lovely hot mixture of our cum and her sweet juices was now running down over his cock and balls. It wasn't until his cock slipped out of her ass that I also felt his fresh cum spilling from her ass. My orgasm was almost there and I barely had time to get my cock into her ass and push all the way inside before my cock also exploded.

I started to spurt another load of sperm into her ass, as I felt the hot liquid from her pussy pouring down over my balls. This was a very intense orgasm for me and I was amazed at how much cum I was shooting into her ass. I held her firmly as my orgasm and hers began to subside and as my cock softened and slipped slowly from her ass. Andrea lay on top of me with her thighs still spread wide open and her boyfriend leaned over and gently licked at her clit as her arms slid down onto the bed and she relaxed. She then turned onto her side and slipped off me and into the middle of the bed. As she lay there almost asleep her boyfriend opened her thighs slowly and the two of us looked at her gorgeous wet pussy that had been filled with cum over the last couple of hours. 

He lay down and sucked softly at her clit, licking her wet lips as she fell asleep, then after a few minutes he moved up beside her on the bed and kissed her on the mouth. I looked down at her pussy and although my orgasm was gone and I was done, I too was tempted to taste her pussy. I got between her thighs and kissed around her very wet hole several times, before pressing my tongue against her pussy and tasting the sweet mixture of juices. I licked very gently between her soft lips and down around her ass, tasting her sweet sticky juices and also our sperm that was oozing slowly from both her holes. As her legs closed together and she turned onto her side, I pulled the duvet up over us and curled in behind her on the bed and fell asleep with my hand resting on her hip.