 INTRODUCTION

I plan to make this the final chapter of "What have I become?" The first chapter was inspired by another literotica story I read. The story is titled "What came over me?" by the author jo350. The story was written a year ago and I had hoped for a sequel. Since there was no sequel I decided to write this story. All the character names are different so as not to infringe on the other author. It is not necessary to read the other author's story before reading any of these stories, however it is a very good read and one of my favorites. I have received very good feedback on the first three chapters and many of you encouraged me to write additional chapters. I will conclude this story with this chapter. As always I have listened to your suggestions and I have incorporated many of them in my stories. Please enjoy and continue to provide me with your feedback.


BACK IN THE STATES

Once Richard returned to the states he immediately moved out of Brandy’s apartment and back into a hotel. Richard despised Brandy for everything that he had put him through. He still was somewhat glad that he had experienced sex with another man and he probably would still find effeminate men attractive. However he would never allow himself to participate in the wild orgies as those he experienced in Key West. Brandy could care less that Richard had moved out as he was satisfied with the two play mates he brought home from Key West.

Richard vowed to himself that he would be on his best behavior for the duration of his sabbatical and he looked forward to his return to Paris and his reunion with his fiancée Katrina. Richard decided that he had enough sex for awhile and that he could remain celibate for the rest of his time in New York. 

Over the next several weeks Richard was true to his convictions. He returned to Paris following his sabbatical and renewed his courtship with Katrina. On the flight from JFK to Paris Richard contemplated what he would tell Katrina. He felt he should be honest and tell her that he was unfaithful but he would spare her the details. He had no idea how Katrina would react to his having sex with other men.

IN PARIS

Katrina was ecstatic to hear that Richard was on his way home. When she got home from the University she told Nichole that Richard would soon be home. Nichole was happy for Katrina but at the same time sad that she would have to move out of the apartment. Nichole loved her time in bed with Katrina and she particularly loved it when her boyfriend Henri would join in.

Nichole asked Katrina if they could have one more night together before they parted their ways. Katrina hugged Nichole and told her that of course she could stay one more night and that they should celebrate their last night together. Katrina broke out the wine and the two girls toasted each other continuously as they finished one bottle and opened another. They pecked each other’s cheeks as they toasted and thanked each other for all the good times.

The two girls then went into the bedroom, undressed and got into bed. Nichole was all over Katrina, kissing her lips and her breasts and then moving down to her pussy. Nichole spent a long time eating Katrina’s pussy making her cum over and over. Katrina tried to get Nichole to turn around so that she could eat her too but Nichole refused as she was determined to make her last night with Katrina a memorable one. Nichole focused on Katrina’s pussy as she wanted to make her cum until she passed out. Nichole then located the dildos and in a bizarre move she grabbed two of them so that she could fuck Katrina’s ass and pussy at the same time.

Nichole put a strap-on harness on and attached the dildo. Next she took a double headed dildo and placed one end in her pussy and the other end in Katrina’s ass. Nichole then pushed the strap-on into Katrina’s pussy. Nichole began to fuck Katrina in both her pussy and ass at the same time. As Nichole thrust her hips into Katrina both thick fake cocks simultaneously filled her pussy and her asshole. Nichole also felt the other end of the dildo fucking her own pussy.

Katrina could only lay there in ecstasy and gasp as Nichole pounded both her holes. Nichole felt her own orgasm but she just went right on fucking Katrina she was destined to make this a night that Katrina would not soon forget. Katrina kept cumming and her body kept jerking until she collapsed in exhaustion however Nichole was relentless and continued to fuck both her holes.

Katrina’s body went limp and Nichole had first thought that she had passed out. But Katrina was just drained and motionless and as soon as Nichole realized that she started fucking Katrina again.

“Please Nichole, let me rest I can’t cum anymore,” Katrina begged.

Nichole however ignored Katrina’s and kept fucking her until Nichole reached her second orgasm and then she collapsed on top of Katrina. The two girls embraced and held each other for a long time with the dildos still embedded in their holes. Nichole finally withdrew the dildos from Katrina’s pussy and ass and removed it from her own pussy. Nichole then curled up next to Katrina and the two girls cuddled as they fell asleep in each other’s arms.

The next morning Katrina and Nichole started the day with a loving 69 position eating each other’s pussy. Then they showered and ate each other again. They then dressed had breakfast and Katrina helped Nichole pack her things. A few hugs and kisses on both cheeks and they girls said goodbye. Nichole took a taxi to her boyfriend’s apartment and Katrina straightened up the apartment in anticipation of Richard’s arrival.

RICHARD ARRIVES HOME AT LAST

Richard arrived at the apartment and he and Katrina hugged and kissed for several minutes professing their love for one another and saying how much they missed one another. Normally they would have stripped off their clothes and jumped right into bed but Richard was still suffering from jet lag. Also unbeknown to Richard Katrina had had her share or orgasms in the past 12 hours. They did however go to bed so that Richard could get some sleep and they would make love when he was rested.

Richard slept for a good eight hours and when he woke up he was pleased to find Katrina beside him in bed. He began to kiss her body all over working his way down from her lips over her breasts and abs eventually making his way to her pussy. Richard had a strange feeling since for the first time in months he was kissing a pussy instead of sucking a cock when he got to this position. Katrina groaned as Richard nibbled her clit and tongued her pussy. Katrina was forced to fake her excitement for she realized that Richard was no where near as good as Nichole when it came to eating pussy. Richard fingered Katrina’s pussy as he sucked on her clit in an effort to increase her excitement. Richard then subconsciously moved a pussy lubricated finger to Katrina’s asshole and played with her outer ring. Katrina groaned as he touched her nether hole.

Katrina reached for Richard’s cock and she found it to be semi-hard. She stroked it in an effort to firm him up but he did not respond. Richard pushed his finger into Katrina’s asshole and he was surprised how easy it went in. Richard wanted desperately to fuck her but he was having trouble maintaining his erection. He thought maybe he wanted it too badly. Katrina ground her ass on his finger and then spoke.

“Richard, do you want to fuck my ass? I know you always wanted too,” Katrina asked and then, “Do you remember have we talked about it, that I would give my ass up to you when you returned?”

Richard replied, “Yes Katrina I do, give me your ass. I would love to fuck your ass.”

Katrina handed Richard the lubricant and the she rolled over on all fours presenting her gorgeous shapely ass to him. Richard began to finger her asshole and put a generous amount in her ass. Richard got hard as he finger fucked his girlfriend’s ass and prepared her for his cock. Richard eased his cock into Katrina’s ass and Katrina remembering Nichole’s instructions tightened her ass as much as she could. Richard had to push hard to get his cock in to Katrina’s tightened ass and he was convinced that he was taking her anal cherry.

Katrina groaned and urged Richard on, “Oh Richard that feels so good, please fuck my ass.”

Katrina really worked at keeping her ass tight to provide Richard with a snug feel. Richard started pounding her ass moving his hips with a furry as he felt his orgasm approach. Katrina was getting tired and she was struggling to keep a tight grip on Richard’s cock. Richard finally came in her ass and Katrina was able to start a milking motion with her anal muscles. Richard continued to shoot his spunk into her ass as Katrina’s ass milked him dry. 

Richard pulled out of his girlfriend’s ass and flopped over on his back next to Katrina. Katrina lowered her head and took her boyfriend’s cock in her mouth and sucked him clean. Richard was surprised by Katrina’s action which reminded him of his time in Key West. Katrina continued to suck on Richard’s cock until he was hard again and then she sat on his dick.

Katrina rocked back and forth on Richard’s cock trying to get herself off but she felt Richard’s cock begin to soften in her pussy. Richard could not sustain an erection while his cock was in Katrina’s pussy and this greatly bothered Richard. However the more he thought about it the worst the situation got and the harder it was for him to stay hard. Katrina was frustrated but she did not complain.

Katrina got off Richard and resumed sucking his cock. Once again she got him hard but this time she finished him letting him cum in her mouth. Richard stiffened and ejaculated into his girlfriend’s mouth and she sucked him dry of all his seed swallowing every drop. Katrina then moved up and kissed him on the lips pushing her tongue into his mouth. Richard could taste his own cum on her lips as they French kissed. They lay in each other’s arms for awhile before either of them spoke. They both wondered what was wrong with Richard.

“I’m sorry Katrina I guess it has just been awhile,” Richard apologized.

“Yes but it is our first day together in months so I am sure things will get back to normal in time,” Katrina said but she felt a tremendous void.

Richard fell asleep and Katrina located her dildo and went into the bathroom to get off. As she fucked herself with the fake cock her mind wondered and she thought of the many cocks that had fucked her in Richard’s absence and had brought her so much pleasure. Katrina felt her orgasm approach and she covered her mouth with her free hand to muffle her moans of pleasure.

Over the next several weeks things did not get better between Richard and Katrina. Richard could stay hard and cum in her mouth and ass but not in her pussy. He had lost interest in eating her pussy, which he had not been very good at anyway and Katrina was frustrated. She continued to fuck herself with the dildo but that too was getting old and she wanted a body next to her when she came. Katrina missed the big hard dicks that shot wads of cum into her womb. She missed the touch of a skilled pussy eater and the softness of another woman’s body. Katrina made her mind to visit Nichole and talk with her. Nichole would know what to do.

KATRINA AND RICHARD GROW FURTHER APART

Katrina visited Nichole and her boyfriend Henri one day at their flat. They were happy to see her and they were sorry that things were not working out with Richard. They invited her to stay for dinner and then they sat around and drank some wine as they discussed Katrina’s situation.

Nichole said, “Something must have happened when he was in New York that he is not telling you, Katrina.”

Henri offered, “I suspect that he has been with another man.”

“Henri,” Nichole scolded.

“No really, look at Katrina she is most desirable. Any normal man would love to sleep with her and she and Richard were so passionate before,” Henri continued.

“Henri is right Nichole. Something is different. If he had been with a woman he would not have lost his interest in pussy,” Katrina agreed.  

“Particularly your pussy Katrina, it is so delicious,” quipped Nichole.

“Let’s find out if Richard likes cock more than pussy,” Henri blurted out.

“And how do you do expect to do that Henri?” asked Nichole. 

“I have a friend who I know will help me. He is young, gay and very pretty, such a pretty boy that he looks very feminine. I will ask him to meet Richard as if by accident and see what happens. If he and Richard make it together then we will know,” Henri explained.

“As much as I hate the idea of tricking Richard, I just have to know what is going on with him,” Katrina agreed.

“Well if he is not into guys nothing will happen. If he is into guys then he will definitely try to seduce Jean-Claude,” Henri confirmed.

“It’s a good plan, I like it. Thank you Henri,” Katrina said anxious to finally find out.

Katrina told Henri where Richard liked to go for coffee so that Jean-Claude could locate him. Richard always went to the same café at the same time everyday and sometimes Katrina would meet with him. It was decided that Katrina would plan to meet Richard that day and then call and cancel at the last minute. Richard then would not be looking for Katrina to show up even unexpectedly.

“Enough of this talk, now let’s take Katrina to bed. Her pussy has been neglected and she needs some attention,” Nichole said. 

Katrina smiled at Nichole and she followed her and Henri into their bedroom. The three of them took off their clothes and climbed into bed. Henri looked at Katrina’s beautiful pussy and decided that he had to taste her before he fucked her. Henri moved his head between her legs and drove his tongue deep into her pussy.

"Oh yes, oui, se bon, oh my," she called out as the first wave rocked Katrina’s body.

Katrina grabbed Henri's head with both hands and pulled his face harder into her crotch. She vigorously humped his face as his tongue danced over her super sensitive cit. Her thighs clamped around his head and her entire body trembled as she came again almost violently. Katrina felt her pussy pulsating as she covered Henri's face with her female juices. Finally she collapsed back on the bed releasing him in the process.

"Oh mien Dieu," Katrina moaned.

Henri raised himself up and knelt between her legs. His impressive cock looked so desirable as it hovered above her hips.

"Are you ready for this?" he asked smiling confidently.

"Oh oui, yes please, fuck me now," Katrina pleaded. 

Henri held his cock and lined up the swollen head with the entrance to her sex. He pushed forward slightly allowing her tight cunt lips to open up for his impressive cock. He was about half way in when he pulled out and then slowly eased back into her causing her to moan in pleasure. Henri would push in a little and then pull out a little slowly working his cock deeper and deeper into her vagina. Finally his entire cock was buried in her and Katrina sighed feeling completely full almost afraid to move. Even though Henri had fucked her before it had been awhile for her to be this full.

Henri held himself inside her waiting for Katrina to start fucking him. He looked down at her and smiled and then she pulled him down to her and they kissed deeply with their tongues playing with one another. Katrina was ready to be fucked and she needed his big dick to slide in and out of her and rub her clit. She began to move and then Henri fucked her using long slow hard strokes. Katrina locked her legs around Henri's ass and pulled him into her. He began to fuck her harder and faster and she felt another orgasm on its way. She was at the mercy of his gigantic organ as it pounded her pussy.

Katrina was so hot and squeezed him with her tight pussy; she was really a good fuck. Henri fucked through one orgasm after another before he filled her pussy with cum. His orgasm was as intense as hers as their bodies ground together and they moaned and groaned loudly. 

Henri stayed hard and kept his cock into Katrina’s hot wet pussy. Katrina gasped aloud as a real cock fucked her cunt for the first time in a month. Nichole smiled at the pretty American professor as she was fucked by Henri and then she straddled Katrina’s face and lowered her pussy to Katrina’s waiting mouth. 

Katrina stared at Nichole's sweet pussy poised just above her face. It was neatly trimmed with a small strip of curls just above her slit. The moist petals of her pink folds peeked out from the gash down the middle of her swollen mound. She was intoxicated by the strong smell emanating from Nichole's sexual plum. Katrina moved her mouth towards the object of her lust her tongue licked the pink folds and swollen clit. Katrina pressed her lips to Nichole's puffy mound and kissed her pussy her tongue pushed into the juicy opening. Katrina grasped Nichole's ass cheeks and pulled her against her mouth. Nichole pressed down on Katrina's mouth and squirmed against her probing tongue. Nichole shivered and shook with the intensity of her orgasm and covered Katrina's face with her love juices. Katrina stood and kissed Nichole sharing the residual taste of their juices.

Katrina came again quickly with Henri’s cock in her pussy and she moaned deep into Nichole’s cunt. Henri continued to fuck Katrina driving her toward her next orgasm. Nichole’ pussy was flowing into Katrina’s mouth and her juices were gobbled up by the sexy American.

"Oh mais oui, se bon, it feels so good!" Katrina said mixing French with her English but her words were lost in Nichole’s pussy.

Nichole pulled herself off of Katrina and she went to get her strap-on dildo. Nichole returned to the bed and lay next to Katrina who was still being fucked by Henri. Nichole had her boyfriend pull his dripping cock out of Nichole’s pussy and then had Nichole straddle her fake cock and lower her sopping wet pussy onto it. Katrina slid her cunt down on the big dildo and felt her engorged clit rub against it.

Henri looked at Katrina's ass and he could not resist running his hands over her shapely cheeks. Her ass was so amazing that he felt his loins stir with desire. He hard never seen such a perfect ass no wonder everyone wanted to fuck it. Henri got to his knees behind Katrina and kneaded her gorgeous ass cheeks. He then began to kiss her cheeks and run his tongue lightly in the crack of her ass. Katrina wiggled her ass feeling very wicked as he tongued and kissed her.

Henri lifted her by her hips so that her ass was perched in the air and Nichole raised her hips to keep the fake cock buried in Katrina’s pussy. Katrina kissed Nichole deeply and gasped into her mouth as Henri's tongue licked close to her asshole. Only Nichole and Nadir had ever licked her asshole and Nichole did it the first time in preparation for her boyfriend Henri who took Katrina's anal cherry that night. Henri pushed his tongue deep into to her ass causing Katrina to tingle in anticipation of what might be next.

Henri spread her ass cheeks with his hands and dipped his tongue into the crack locating her nether hole. His tongue slowly circled her anus and she flinched at the contact. He then pushed his tongue as far as he could into her asshole and he found herself wanting him to fuck her up the ass. He continued to ass fuck her with his tongue and she was at his mercy. Her desire grew as he worked her ass to the point that she really wanted more in her ass.

Henri removed his tongue from her ass and ran his hard cock between her ass cheeks as he spoke to her, "I want to fuck you in the ass Katrina. Do you want me to fuck your hot ass? I can see that your ass is waiting to be fucked."

"Oh yes Henri, but please still use some cream," Katrina replied to him with excitement.

Henri sprinted to the bathroom and was back in bed in no time with the lubricant in his hands. Katrina arched her back and pointed her beautiful ass back at him. He coated her asshole with a generous amount of cream and slid his thick finger in her hole. He took his time preparing her ass relishing every moment. He then coated his entire cock with the cream and placed the head at the entrance to her anus. Henri pushed forward and the thick cock head squeezed into her tight asshole. 
