 INTRODUCTION

This is the second chapter of "What have I become?" The first chapter was inspired by another literotica story I read. The story is titled "What came over me?" by the author jo350. The story was written a year ago and I had hoped for a sequel. Since there was no sequel I decided to write this story. All the character names are different so as not to infringe on the other author. It is not necessary to read the other author's story before reading this one, however it is a very good read and one of my favorites. If this story continues to receive good feedback I will continue with the same characters and introduce some new ones as well. As always I have listened to your suggestions and I have tried to incorporate many of those in this story.

KATRINA RECEIVES ANOTHER VISITOR

Katrina managed to get through the rest of the week after her oral sex encounter with Andre. She traveled home on the Metro each day without incident except for the normal lewd remarks about her shapely ass and legs. Andre had changed his party to Saturday so she made a point of staying home this Friday evening and avoiding any further temptations. At the apartment she made herself a light meal and then relaxed with a book and a glass of wine. She was deep into the book and had lost track of time when someone rang her apartment. Katrina went to the intercom and inquired who was there.

"Katrina it is Nadir. I must speak to you for a moment," she heard through the speaker.

"Oh no, what does he want? Why is he here at my apartment?" she thought to herself.

"Not now Nadir I am very busy. I will see you at the University," Katrina told him.

"Please Katrina it will only take a moment and I have something from Professor Develde," he pleaded.

"Oh very well but just for a moment," Katrina said firmly.

She buzzed Nadir in and at the same time regretted doing so. As she waited for his arrival she couldn't help but think about Nadir's big cock. It had to be at least 10" long and 6" around. She remembered how she had sucked him off and then how he filled her pussy with his cock. She remembered cumming and cumming and then being rolled over on top of Nadir as Andre put his dick in her ass. They gave Katrina her first double fuck and she loved it. She was brought back to reality with a knock at her door and she opened it to let him in.

"What am I doing? It is bad enough that I have cheated on Richard and now I am letting one of the men who fucked me into my apartment. Can't I control myself? Apparently not she thought as she felt the moisture in her panties," Katrina's mind raced.

Katrina had forgotten about her attire. She was wearing a robe with just panties on underneath. She was not expecting company and she was dressed for comfort not for receiving anyone. Nadir smiled at her when he saw how she was dressed.

"What do you want Nadir?" Katrina asked trying to sound firm.

"Well Professor Develde told me that you stopped by his office this week but that you didn't get what you needed," Nadir said with a sinister grin.

"Really and what was it that I needed," Katrina asked in reply.

"He told me that he only had time for a blow job and that you had to leave without being fucked. He asked me to visit you this week so that I could take care of your needs," he said with confidence.

"Please leave immediately, I can't believe your nerve in coming here," Katrina told him her voice cracking.

"I think not. I know you want me just as you wanted me at the party a week ago. I bet your panties are wet right now." Nadir said as he reached for her.

He stepped inside and kicked the door shut and slipped his arms around her pulling Katrina toward him. His one hand snaked in her robe and cupped her sex. He had been right as Katrina's pussy was sopping wet, her body once again betraying her. He freed his own erect cock from his pants and she felt it press up against her. Their lips met in a passionate kiss with his tongue darting into her mouth in search of hers. She pressed her delicate body against him as they tongue fucked one another. Katrina could feel pleasure surging up her spine.

Katrina once again succumbed to her desires and she led Nadir by the hand into her bedroom. She sat down on the bed and her tiny hands fumbled with Nadir's trousers. She pushed his trousers and underwear down over his hips to his feet as his big cock bounced in front of her face. Nadir took off his shirt and kicked his pants and briefs aside becoming totally naked for the beautiful American professor. Katrina stared hungrily at his huge cock and then reached out with her tiny hand to stroke it. She marveled at its size and wondered how she had handled it the first time. Nadir sighed as she masturbated him.

She leaned forward and her tongue snaked out and lapped at his ball sac lightly, then she gently licked up and down his shaft. Her tongue circled his cock head as she slowly took the head of his penis into her mouth. Her lips slid further down the shaft as she was able to take half of his cock in her mouth drawing a moan from him. They hadn't spoken a word to each other since they kissed. Katrina began to bob her head back and forth on his cock, sucking hard on his huge member and testing her gag line. She was able to get about seven of his ten inches in her mouth. Katrina slurped loudly on Nadir's dick as her soft lips glided smoothly up and down his long cock.

Nadir stood before the petite Katrina as she sucked ravenously on his oversized cock. Her small hand cupped his balls and gently caressed them as her tongue licked at the head of his dick each time it came out of her mouth. Nadir placed his hands on the back of her head and guided her as she gave him an incredible blowjob. He loved the way she sucked his cock. She was so hot and he couldn't believe his good fortune as he held her hair back to watch her pretty face and sensuous mouth. Katrina kept her eyes closed with her lips snugly wrapped around his shaft as she bobbed back and forth. She was still incredibly turned on and her panties were soaked. 

Nadir brought excitement into her life with his big cock and Katrina now realized that she was addicted to it. It was the second time in four days that she had this cock and she knew now that it wasn't enough. In fact every few days may not be enough or even every day may not be enough. She was so enamored with his impressive cock; she found that she loved to suck on it. Katrina was desperate to please him and to make him cum. She loved to swallow cum. Katrina wanted this to be Nadir's best blow job ever and she put all her efforts into it even more so than she ever had with Richard her fiancée. It did not take long to bring Nadir to the edge.

Nadir announced that he was cumming and Katrina clamped down on his cock determined to swallow every drop of his seed. She could feel his cock jerk in her hand as volley after volley bounced off the back of her throat. Katrina swallowed as quickly as she could and did not allow a drop to escape her mouth. She continued to suck on his cock milking it dry of his sperm. Then Katrina took the cock from her mouth and Nadir watched as she squeezed more cum out the end of his dick. Katrina then wrapped her lips around it and sucked his man juice dry. She nibbled on his dick head causing him to shiver and push her away. Nadir's cock stayed hard and Katrina marveled at the impressive organ before her.

Katrina lay back on the bed and opened her robe. She pushed her panties down and off her body and displayed her beautiful neatly trimmed pussy to Nadir. She opened her legs and smiled at him.

"Now you said that you have something for me," she said as she opened her legs before him hiding nothing and leaving no doubt as to her desire; her pussy for his taking.

Nadir knelt before Katrina at the end of her bed and kissed her from her knee up her soft thighs towards her womanhood. He took in the lovely smell of her as he kissed her smooth creamy white skin just beside her vagina. Katrina as in a state of ecstasy and her heart pounded as she watched her young lover lick her. Her cunt lips quivered as he teased them with his tongue and kissed her everywhere she desired. Nadir's tongue was long and probed deep into the inner walls of her pussy.

Katrina ran her hands over her body cupping her breasts and rolling her nipples between her fingertips. Nadir sucked her cunt lips into his mouth as his tongue snaked around in her snatch. Nadir still had not made contact with her clit and Katrina desperately needed his tongue or his cock to touch her clit. She moaned in pleasure and frustration as Nadir continued to tease her. He again wiggled his tongue deep within her pussy before finally nudging her clit. Katrina jumped as a spark of pleasure shot through her body.

Nadir slid his hands under her curvy ass and lovingly cupped her shapely ass cheeks. He sucked her clit into his mouth and held it between his lips as he ran his tongue over the hard little pearl. Katrina arched her back as she felt her orgasm approach.

"Oh yes, oui, se bon, oh my," she called out as the first wave rocked her body.

Katrina grabbed Nadir's head with both hands and pulled his face harder into her crotch. She vigorously humped his face as his tongue danced over her super sensitive cit. Her thighs clamped around his head and her entire body trembled as she came again almost violently. Katrina felt her pussy pulsating as she covered Nadir's face with her female juices. Finally she collapsed back on the bed releasing him in the process.

"Oh mien Dieu," Katrina moaned.

Nadir raised himself up and knelt between her legs. His huge cock looked menacing as it hovered above her hips.

"Are you ready for this?" he asked smiling confidently.

"Oh oui, yes please, fuck me now," Katrina pleaded. 

Nadir held his cock and lined up the swollen head with the entrance to her sex. He pushed forward slightly allowing her tight cunt lips to open up for his impressive cock. He was about half way in when he pulled out and then slowly eased back into her causing her to moan in pleasure. Nadir would push in a little and then pull out a little slowly working his cock deeper and deeper into her vagina. Finally his entire cock was buried in her and Katrina sighed feeling completely full almost afraid to move. Even though Nadir had fucked her before this was still a new sensation for her to be this full.

Nadir held himself inside her waiting for Katrina to start fucking him. He looked down at her and smiled and then she pulled him down to her and they kissed deeply with their tongues playing with one another. Katrina was ready to be fucked and she needed his big dick to slide in and out of her and rub her clit. She began to move and then Nadir fucked her using long slow hard strokes. Katrina locked her legs around Nadir's ass and pulled him into her. He began to fuck her harder and faster and she felt another orgasm on its way. She was at the mercy of his gigantic organ as it pounded her pussy.

If Nadir hadn't just cum in her mouth he would not have been able to hold on as long. Katrina was so hot and squeezed him with her tight pussy; she was really a good fuck. Nadir fucked through one orgasm after another before he filled her pussy with cum. His orgasm was as intense as hers as their bodies ground together and they moaned and groaned loudly. 

Katrina could feel his cock softening but even then it still filled her cunt. Nadir slowly lifted himself off of her body and in so doing his thick cock slipped from her pussy. Katrina felt the void in her cunt as his cock left her body as gasped as the coolness of the air touched her vacant pussy. Katrina rolled over on her stomach so as to look at Nadir who lay on his back. 

Nadir looked at Katrina's ass and he could not resist running his hands over her shapely cheeks. Her ass was so amazing that he felt his loins stir with desire. He hard never seen such a perfect ass no wonder Andre and Henri had fucked it. Nadir got to his knees behind Katrina and kneaded her gorgeous ass cheeks. He then began to kiss her cheeks and run his tongue lightly in the crack of her ass. Katrina wiggled her ass feeling very wicked as he tongued and kissed her.

Nadir lifted her by her hips so that her ass was perched in the air. Katrina's head was still on the bed and she turned it to one side and let out a gasp as Nadir's tongue licked close to her asshole. Only Nichole had ever licked her asshole and that was in preparation for her boyfriend Henri who took Katrina's anal cherry that night. Nadir ran his tongue from her pussy to her ass causing Katrina to tingle in anticipation of what might be next.

Nadir spread her ass cheeks with his hands and dipped his tongue into the crack locating her nether hole. His tongue slowly circled her anus and she flinched at the contact. He then pushed his tongue as far as he could into her asshole and he found herself wanting him to fuck her up the ass. She had been ass fucked enough in the past few days but she was still worried about Nadir's size. He continued to ass fuck her with his tongue and she was at his mercy. Her desire grew as he worked her ass to the point that she really wanted more in her ass.

Nadir removed his tongue from her ass and ran his hard cock between her ass cheeks as he spoke to her, "I want to fuck you in the ass Katrina. Do you want me to fuck your hot ass? I can see that your ass is waiting to be fucked."

"Oh yes Nadir, but you're so big. You must get some cream from my bathroom," Katrina replied to him with apprehension.

Nadir sprinted to the bathroom and was back in bed in no time with the lubricant in his hands. Katrina arched her back and pointed her beautiful ass back at him. He coated her asshole with a generous amount of cream and slid his thick finger in her hole. He took his time preparing her ass relishing every moment. He then coated his entire cock with the cream and placed the head at the entrance to her anus. Nadir pushed forward and the thick cock head squeezed into her tight asshole. 

Katrina winched in pain as her asshole was stretched wider than it ever and she gasped, "Go slow let me get used to it."

Nadir withdrew his cock head and then pushed it back in this time causing more pleasure than pain. He pushed until a couple of inches were in Katrina's ass. Katrina found herself holding her breath and her body covered in goose bumps. He was so thick and her asshole stretched to new dimensions held his cock in a vice like grip. Nadir slowly slid his dick in and out of her each time going a little deeper. The pain had subsided and was replaced with a feeling of fullness.

"Relax and breathe Katrina," urged Nadir.

Katrina relaxed a little and then felt more of his cock slide into her asshole. She grunted out loud as she felt fuller and than a wave of pleasure through her body. She was convinced that Nadir had his whole cock in her now but really he only had about half of his big dick in her. She felt so full so had no idea that he had another five inches before he was done. Nadir kept adding more and more of his cock to her ass. There was pain then fullness and then pleasure each time he went deeper. Katrina would tense, relax and then enjoy it. This pattern continued until Nadir had all ten inches buried in Katrina's ass.

"Oh mien Dieu, you are so big I feel so full," cried out Katrina and then, "Uh, uh, uh oh yes, oui se bon," once again mixing English and French.

Nadir reached around and played with Katrina's clit as he pounded her ass. Her pussy and asshole were on fire as the big cock reached previously untouched areas in her body. Katrina was on the brink of another huge orgasm as Nadir methodically fucked her in her tight anus with his sizeable cock. He loved watching his cock slide out of her shapely ass and then plunge back in as his hips slapped against her curvy ass cheeks causing them to jiggle with each thrust. Her orgasm surged within her as he fucked her ass harder and faster. 

As Katrina came and came her entire body went into spasm. Her pussy convulsed and clamped around Nadir's fingers coating them with her cunt juice. Katrina's asshole pulsated as he drove his big cock in and out of it. Her ass involuntarily squeezed and released his huge member as he fucked it causing him to finally lose it. He slid his pecker deep into her rectum as his cock spasm and sent a thick stream of hot cum into her channel. Nadir kept fucking her as load after load was fired into her ass his cock kept twitching and spurting inside the impaled Katrina. 

Katrina had never felt so full of cum and there was no where for it to go blocked by Nadir's swollen cock buried in her ass. He slowed his pace and eventually stopped allowing his cock to remain buried in Katrina's ass. He did not go soft right away and he gently moved his hips pushing cum around in her ass. Some of it trickled out and ran down over her pussy lips. 

Katrina could not take any more fucking and she pleaded, "Please no more, I can't take any more, please stop."

Reluctantly Nadir stopped and slowly withdrew his cock from her loosened asshole. He marveled in the sight of his enormous cock sliding out of her shapely ass. The man seed flowed from her asshole and ran like a river down over her pussy and between her sweet thighs. Nadir and Katrina stayed in the same position for awhile and he massaged her beautiful ass as she remained on her knees with her ass perched in the air. Nadir pushed down lightly on Katrina's back causing her to accentuate her ass even more. He loved looking at it and playing with it as she cooed into the bed sheets. His cock remained hard and looked menacing around Katrina's asshole. It was hard to believe that a cock that size had just fucked such a beautiful tight ass. Katrina looked magnificent with her just fucked curvy ass in the air.

Nadir slipped out of bed, washed and dressed. He came over to the bed and kissed Katrina on the cheek; she still had not moved. He could not resist sticking one of his fingers in asshole as a parting gesture. Katrina just wiggled her bum slightly in delight.

"By the way don't forget Andre's party tomorrow night. Everyone will be looking forward to seeing you," Nadir said and then he left.

Katrina stayed in the same position for awhile after Nadir was gone and thought to herself, "They would be looking forward to seeing her, hah!, more likely looking forward to fucking her." 

She knew she would go to the party and she knew she would give in to their desires and her own wantonness. They would all want her ass again. They all loved her ass and she loved getting fucked in the ass. She didn't even think of Richard her fiancée, as she finally relaxed and fell asleep. 

Actually unbeknown to Katrina, her fiancée Richard was also being unfaithful and engaging in anal sex that evening.

ACROSS THE POND

Richard could not believe that things had progressed so fast and had gone so far. Here he was lying in a prone position with the nine inch cock of a beautiful young blond man buried to the hilt in his ass. Richard had met the young man last weekend a seminar in New York and they hit it off immediately. Richard had expected them to become friends but never in his wildest dreams did he expect to have his first homosexual encounter. Richard never considered himself gay but now here he was with a big thick cock in his ass. The same cock that he had previously sucked and swallowed the blonde's load. 

Richard met Brandon at an academic seminar the previous weekend. They hit it off and got along great. Brandon was an administrative intern at the University where Richard was studying while on sabbatical from the University in Paris. Richard was staying at the University but Brandon had insisted that he would be more comfortable staying with him in his spacious Manhattan apartment. Brandon's family was quite wealthy and he was provided with a nice east side apartment.
