 This is only fantasy of a fast cascade into a swinging lifestyle and the imaginary return to a fictional former relationship for my shy wife. None of the events are true and this is nothing more than the followup to the first fantasy post. But "What If?" is a full mix of colliding ideas of interracial, wife sharing, full swinging and just plain letting loose with the adventures of sexual imagination.

You will have to look into the nuances of the last post to get the sense of the 'weekend wife and husband' exchange. Yup, it is just another idea that plays on the O'l '60's idea of exchanging car keys. So if the ideas in the last paragraph are to complex or convoluted for you then I would suggest that you skip this endeavor of my exploration into erotic fantasy. 

What If Part Two

The ball room was still enthralled with the performance on the dance floor and what was presented on the big screen. As the cheering and applause for Cath died back, the DJ brought the background music up louder. Curtis is helping Cath up off of Dave's lap as the camera turns towards the crowded side of the room and the main video screen over the DJ's head goes to marbled colors swirling to the rhythm of the music. Nancy helps Dana up off of my lap, steadying her with one hand and reaching between her legs with the other, letting her fingers capture some of my cum still dripping out of Dana's pussy. With a wicked smile, she brings her fingers up to her mouth and seductively licks them. Nancy looks at me saying, "I want more of your cream! Let's go." I nod and reach down to pull up my pants while looking over to where Cath has been the center of attention on the dance floor. To my surprise I see her in a passionate kiss with a very sleek looking brunette while Dave is pressed against Cath's back and Curtis is caressing the shoulders of the brunette.

Cath told me later what happened when we were able to catch up in the hotel suite. What I saw with that kiss on the dance floor was another side of her that she never told me about. In our later conversation about the night, she said that while Curtis was helping her up off of Dave's lap, she was still sucking on her fingers that were dripping in Dave's cum, a woman came up to her and licked up along the back of her hand were some of Dave's cum was clinging. This other woman's tongue followed up along the length of Cath's fingers to her mouth and their lips met while sucking those cum covered fingers together. 

Cath told me that she pulled back and looked into the woman's sexy eyes and had a sense of recognition. The brunette shifted her head a little to speak in Cath's ear over the music, reminding Cath of of a scene so many years past and their first meeting and fun times in San Francisco. She told Cath that she didn't think she'd ever see her again. Cath felt one of the woman's hands lifting her dress, sipping under it and pressing to her mound. Then she felt her slipping her fingers along the sides of her clit... Cath sighed and replied, "Pam, what are you doing here? It's been so long since seeing you since San Francisco all those years ago." 

Pam, kissing and licking Cath's cum coated hand answered as Dave and Curtis pressed in close to hear the conversation of these two hot ladies. Pam told Cath how she had been living in New Jersey after her divorce. Some friends invited her to come out this event one weekend about six months ago to help with the videoing of their fun times. She had been enjoying the parties ever since. Pam related that she was always getting to meet new folks and have her passions and fantasies fulfilled as well. 

Pam told Cath how good it is to see her and comment that she could tell Cath wasn't that tight virgin that she knew back in the day out on the west coast. Both women laughed and then it registered with Cath... "Hey, you were the woman behind the video cam all this time?" Pam acknowledged, shaking her head up and down as a big yes. 

Pam commented "Cath, you looked amazing on video! I was absolutely wet watching and getting in close with the camera to catch every bit of the action." 

Cath told me later that Pam wanted to know who she was talking to while looking into the cam at the end of the hot floor show? Cath turned her head in my direction as Pam's eyes followed. "See the guy getting smothered by those two hot ladies? That's my real life hubby. We're here at the invite of Dave who you videoed me fucking on that chair. Meet Dave..." Pam and Dave exchanged smiles over Cath's shoulder. "Dave and my hubby are in a business networking group. Dave invited Tom to this event. We never expected this type of party and what it would turn into." 

Pam told Cath, "You were always a natural at getting into the groove of a hot time and I was so surprised and excited to see her here." With that, Pam reached up, caressing Cath's face, moving her lips to Cath's giving her a deep tongue swapping kiss. That's when I looked over to see these two, unknown to me at the time, old friends...

Nancy captured my attention again by putting her hands on mine and pulling my pants up. She leaned in close, coaxing me with a kiss and locking her bright eyes to mine. Nancy then echoed in my ear, "Come on my hubby for the night, let's get to the play room, they'll follow later I'm sure. I absolutely know that Curtis wants to burry his chocolate pole in Cath so let's go get some heat going and we can watch them later." 

I looked over to Dana and her wide smile, she finished pulling her top together and then both of these hot ladies closed my pants and took me arm-in-arm to the back of the event room and out the door. It opened into a small hall and the elevators. As we headed up to the suite, Cath would finish telling me later what happened on the dance floor when Dana, Nancy and I left.

Cath tells her story:

My mind was racing with all that I just did in public and now, meeting an old friend and frankly a hot sexy lover after 40 years was nothing short of mind blowing. My emotions of the past erotic fun that I had with Pam came swelling back, making me even more wet and with Dave's cum still seeping out of my pussy, Pam's fingers squeezing my clit, her kisses, Dave pressing against my back and Curtis finishing the guy-gal-gal-guy sandwich - I was enthralled! 

I finally looked into Pam's eyes and asked, "Have I introduced you to Curtis yet?" 

She smiled and replied, "No, but I'm feeling like he has a pole pressed into my thigh. Do you think he is related to Jamal?" 

With that we both laughed and I replied, "I hope so! We haven't gotten that far since I gave my bride-for-a-night panties to Dave before Curtis arrived - but I sure am looking forward to getting what Curtis can give!" 

At hearing that comment from Cath, Curtis smiled and Pam reached back to give his hardness a squeeze. Pam then looked at Curtis and said, "The last time that Cath was ready to have a big hunk like you be her stud buddy for the night, she was a virgin and my sister wouldn't let her BBC boyfriend take Cath's cherry, but that's a different story for another day. Now, I can't wait to see her squirming on your fat long chocolate pole. I'm sure it will be a sight to see and she's going to enjoy it." 

Curtis smiled and said, "I'm looking forward to devouring her and feeling her hot tight wetness riding me like a real vamp. I want to make her squirt again like she did all over my face but this time on my cock." 

Pam smiled, "Ohhhh, I'm sure she will and I want to lick you both clean." With that Pam turned fully to Curtis and put her arms around his neck, pulling him toward her, she kissed him deeply, letting her tongue dance across his full lips. He pulled her tight, reaching around to feel her nice ass through her slinky silk dress and pressing his engorged cock into her belly.

Dave was enjoying the conversation and the promises of Pam as an added participant to the fun made him smile even more. He reached to Cath's waist and puller her bodice up, re-zipping the back and saying into her ear over the music, "I'm sure your friend will add some insight and adventure to our weekend. Let's head up to the suite to join the party up there. It looks like Tom and his two wives are ahead of us. I'm looking forward to more of your hot talents and seeing what Pam has in mind too." 

With that, Dave tapped Pam on the shoulder. Pam and Curtis broke off their kiss. Dave asked Pam, "Who has your panties for the weekend?" 

She came back, "No one yet." With that, she began to sway to the music, raising her hands up over her breast, into her hair and over her head. She gyrated her hips and her clingy blue silk spaghetti strap dress slithered over her form. She bent deep at the knees and moved her hips seductively towards Cath. Pam then put one hand on Cath's shoulder and wiggled to the rhythm of the music up to her, grinding her pelvis on Cath's hip. With the other hand she lifted the hem of her dress until it was up to her waist. Then she stepped back from Cath, looking Cath deeply in the eyes, Pam hooked her thumb into the top of her G-string and began to pull it down. Pam's ass swayed as she worked the G-string panties over her hips, holding onto Cath's one shoulder to steady herself, she lifts one leg and pulls it through, letting the G-string fall along her other lithe leg to the ankle. Cath reaches down for Pam's lifted leg, taking it at the knee and caressing her silk hose covered leg all the way up to her garter belt. Cath lets her fingers roam past the silk to Pam's hot inner thigh, moving in closer so that her palm will press up and against Pam's shaved pussy. These two hot women look deep into each others eyes, friends from long ago, yet fresh with passion and lust. Pam hooks her ankle behind Cath's waist, pulling her close.... then they kiss again.

Dave and Curtis begin to caress the entangled ladies arms and Curtis breaks the action with, "who gets your panties Pam?" 

Pam steps back and reaches to her ankle where her G-string has settled; she raiser her 4" stiletto black ankle strap heel and guides it over her foot. She then places her silky blue G-string in Cath's cleavage and says to everyone, "I'll let Cath decide who she shares me with and I'm sure it will be all." 

Cath raises two fingers from her right hand, places them in her mouth and seductively sucks them. Then she pulls them out and runs them down over her tongue and lips, along her chin, then down her neck to her cleavage. She presses those wet fingers against Pam's G-sting, pushing them deeper between her orbs and smiles saying, "She's mine but I'm going to share her with you guys too." The four folks on the dance floor break into a hearty laugh and make their way to the back off the room heading to the same exit that Dana, Nancy and Tom went out earlier.

The Suite

Riding up the elevator Dana and Nancy were kissing and groping me and each other. I was caressing each of these hot women and getting a nice squeezes on their sexy asses as we rode our way up. When my weekend wives and I got off the elevator we walked, more like playfully danced and grab assed, down to the end of the hall to the room. I thought I was entering the room that Dave helped me check into earlier that evening. When I opened the door, I was totally surprised as it opened into a large living room area that was palatial. Nancy grabbed me by the arm and pulled me in while Dana shut the door behind us. 

Dana commented, "We get this suite all the time. It has three bedrooms with king size beds, a full kitchen, a hot tube on the balcony and this super-sized common living room. Isn't this a fantastic play area? Are you glad that you got the room at the end of the hall now, my Sweet Weekend Hubby?" 

"Oh yes!" is all I could say. Nancy walked me over to a plush chair, turning towards me, looking at me with her enchanting green eyes; captivating me as I took in the sensuous look of her creamy chocolate skin, black wavy hair, ruby read lips and those erotic eyes with shades of purple eye shadow and deep black upper and lower eye liner. She reminded me of an Egyptian goddess. 

Her lips broke into a wide smile and my eyes followed her hands as they moved through her hair and down to the buttons on that sheer black blouse. She teasingly began to open the top, licking her lips and saying, "My hubby wants to taste me, yes? Caress me, kiss me all over.... devour me?" 

I shook my head up and down while retorting, "With out question my sensuous teasing wife! I'm going to devour you and make you scream in exxxstacy." 

She teased, "Promises, promises..." and licked her lips again, opening the last button of her blouse to let her round orbs and eraser hard nipples be fully exposed for our mutual pleasure. 

I reached across the short gap between us, putting my hands on hers which were resting lightly on her waist; with that she lifted our hands together, sliding them up and inside her blouse, reversing who was touching her skin so that my hands were under hers. As my fingers caressed the bottoms of her full breast, she smiled at me again, releasing my hands as they rested with the warmth of her breast flesh in my palms and my finger tips barely touching her ribs. I moved my thumbs up to her hard nipples and caressed my fingers along her orbs to take those ever hard nipples between my finger and thumb, gently squeezing.... she let out a sigh and guttural moan, her green eyes widening with the intensity of a wanton women. 

All the while, Dana is pressing her chest against my back, reaching around to unbutton my shirt, caressing my chest and now, undoing my pants. "We want you naked, Now!" she says over my shoulder and kisses the back of my neck.

Now I know that there is a lot going on with me and these two hot ladies, my new weekend wives, but you are interested in what is going on with Cath and her new weekend husbands; and now her weekend wife - Pam joining them.

Dave opens the door from the ballroom to the hall, hand-in-hand with Pam while Curtis has his large hand caressing and guiding Cath's back as they follow out and headed to the elevator. Once in the elevator, Cath reaches back to feel the large bulge that has been in Curtis's pants all night. He moans and says, "I've been waiting to give you all that has been building up in my balls. I'm gonna enjoy you sucking it all down and then I'll give you more in that tight pussy of yours." 

Cath turned fully to Curtis, licking her lips, her eyes getting wide and brighter, saying, "I want it all... I want to feel you fill me... I want to feel this hard monster of yours spasm in both sets of my lips." Curtis leaned forward and met Cath's lips, sliding his tongue between them and letting it dance and tangle with hers. She firmly squeezed his cock harder through his pant causing him to moan into her mouth. All this while, Dave was kissing Pam and feeling her great ass through her dress as she pushed her crouch against his bulge... the elevator came to a halt and the door opened.

As they left the elevator and walked down the short hall to the suite door, Dave softly spoke to Pam, "You were great on that camera downstairs, I could sure use your help filming and taking pics of all the fun in the suite." 

Pam smiled, "Thank you. I enjoyed helping out down there. I've heard about your parties up here and it sounds like it's going to be a fun time. I'll pitch in but I'd sure like to help Cath out some with Curtis too. Remember, my panties are in the cleavage of her dress and I belong to her." Dave laughed as they got to the room door and he slipped the card key in. 

Both of the gals had the same gasping response as did Tom as they entered the exquisite surroundings. Their attention was drawn across the room by the moaning and begging of Nancy, "Ohhhh yeah... right there... Ohhhh more.. your tongue feels sooo good! Yesss! Lick me baby... suck my pussy... ..." 

Curtis took Cath by the waist and began moving to the open door on the right, "I'm gonna devour you like that right now... I want you writhing on my tongue as I fuck your pussy with it!" 

Cath pushed her hips against him, looking up, winking and saying; "promise..." They both smiled and moved quickly to the bedroom with Dave and Pam right behind them.

Dana leaned down lick my ear and said, "That hot center show down on the dance floor of a red head just walked in with her hot black hubby... Looks like she is gonna get it good in the bedroom. Do you want to go and watch?" 

Nancy has her hands entwined in my hair and she cries out, "Let him watch the replay on DVD!".... as my tongue flicks across her swollen clit. I pull back and turn my head towards Dana, she has a sexy grin on her hot lips. 

Nancy's juices all over my lips and chin... Responding to Dana I say; "I'll watch the DVD..." 

She move an inch closer and kisses me...licking my lips and chin... then pulls back saying, "Good... We've got a lot of our own fun to have. I'm going to suck you good while you finish eating Nancy." With that, I turn my attention back to my Nile queen wife while I feel my Roman slut push my legs apart and slide under me, caressing my inner thighs and lifter her head to lick my ever tightening balls. 

In the back of my mind, I remember telling Dave to get it all on video, where he smiled back at me replying, "Oh yes, it all will be!" I thought too that this was not going to be the last time that Cath would want to get together with Curtis... so I can watch first hand then... At least I'm hoping so... The DVD's are an enjoyable confirmation of all that the weekend developed into a new lifestyle for the two of us.

Cath was really excited when they walked into the bedroom and saw the large mirror above the bed... She squealed to Pam, "Oh my Pammy! Just like that room back in S.F. all those years ago. Wow Pam, this time I don't have to wait for anything!" 

The guys gave a quizzical look at each other and then to Pam who had a super sexy large smile and replied; "Yeah Cath... You can have that big black cock all night long driving deep and hard into you!" Looking at the guys Pam continued, "Another story another time. I'm sure my ex., Joe will tell the story somewhere on the likes of Literotica." 

With Pam still talking, Cath walked up to Curtis and dropped to her knees, while unbuckling his belt... unzipping his fly, looking up at him, licking her lips...moaning "I want this..." as she pulled down his open pants. She gasped as Curtis's full twelve inches as it was fully engorged, heavily straining to stand, almost as thick as her wrist... She looked up, "Wow... How am I ever going to take all of this?" 

Curtis smiling, saidg; "How ever you want it! We have all weekend." They both laughed as Cath then leaned forward to press her head against his thigh and size up his cock really nose close... lifting her right hand to lift it all the way up towards his belly button. His cock was as thick as her wrist and with a mushroom head that was almost a half size larger than the thickest portion of the shaft. Cath was sizing it up and thinking how would this fit? How can she get her lips around it... both her mouth and her pussy? And yet she was enthralled to the task and pleasure she wanted to experience. One of her hands slips down to her pussy... she is soaking wet in anticipation.

As Cath was pulling open Curtis's pants, Dave grabbed Pam's hand and took her over to a large table that had all sort of electronics hooked up. He started flipping switches.. the room lit up bright and in every room, some 60" LCD TV's came on. Dave smiled and handed Pam an HD vid cam and pointed back over to Curtis and Cath saying; "get some close up action. I'll fire up the auto cams and get some stills." 

Pam got a wide smile and replied, " and what do I get?" 

"I'll bend you over that chair and spank you good if you don't catch that action while it's hot!" said Dave. 
