 Andrea's thighs were straddled across my face with her plump shaven pussy lips hovering just above my mouth as I held her ass cheeks in my hands. She was holding my cock and sucking the swollen head into her mouth as we both lay there on her bed in a classic 69 position. However, the thing that made this 69 a little more intriguing was that one of her husband's friends had just fucked her and was in the process of slowly pulling his semi hard cock out of her pussy. Andrea had insisted on keeping her panties on during this and I had been holding the crotch over to one side as she was being fucked. Her panties were pure white and made from an almost pantyhose like material, making them very transparent and quite lovely to touch, as well as looking incredibly sexy. 

I had watched the entire show from only inches below her pussy and it had been amazing to watch from such close range as he fucked her and then eventually filled her lovely pussy with a load of warm sperm. As I looked up at her damp hole, he was slowly pulling his shaft out of her and when the head finally appeared, it flopped down towards my face, but I quickly turned my head to the side and felt the wet tip touch my cheek. Once he had removed his cock, her tight panties slipped back over her pussy, covering it completely and I expected to see them darken as the cum spilled out of her pussy and into her panties. This did not happen, so I took the crotch of her panties and once again pulled them to the side exposing her damp pussy and the only cum that I could see was a thin coating on the insides of her pussy lips, not a drop had spilled out of her. 

Andrea's pussy was almost entirely naked except for a lovely thin strip of jet black pubic hair shaven into a very thin wedge shape, with the point sitting just above her clit. Her lips were shiny and wet and I was very tempted to reach up and taste them, but knowing there was a full load of fresh sperm inside her, made me hesitate a little. However, I had tasted my own cum before and it had always been a great turn on, sometimes restoring my cock to full erection very quickly. I had also fantasized many times about eating a cum filled pussy and now that there was one right in front of me, I decided to go for it. With my hands flat on her buttocks and my thumb hooked into the crotch of her panties, I pulled her cheeks apart gently and watched as her lovely asshole stretched open slightly and her cum covered lips separated. I raised my mouth up and pushed my tongue up to meet her soft wet lips and as the tip of my tongue touched them, I could immediately taste the warm salty liquid on them. My cock responded instantly with the kinkiness of what I was doing by becoming harder as Andrea sucked on my cock head and slid her hand up and down the shaft. 

I licked up and down her lips for a moment then after tasting a little sperm on them, I decided to enter her a little deeper to see what might happen and started to push the tip of my tongue between her lips. I was expecting to feel some of the sperm run out of her, but instead only tasted a little more inside her. Just then his semi limp shaft appeared again and pressed up against her wet lips, only just managing to push inside her and disappear completely into her once again. This time as he pushed his cock into her and withdrew it slowly, I began to see more sperm building up on her lips. Then as he very slowly pushed the entire length in and out of her pussy, I could see his shaft glistening with the cum that was inside her and I was compelled to lick around her hole even as his cock penetrated her. 

Reaching up, I pushed out my tongue and licked at her moist pussy lips, tasting the sweet sticky cum that now coated them, then moving my mouth further under her I managed to flick my tongue across her wet clit. I decided that the idea of eating her cum filled pussy really was too good to pass up, even if his balls were close to my face. So I started to poke my tongue in between her slippery wet lips and the shaft of his cock, feeling his cock against the side of my tongue. It wasn't long before I was poking quite hard between her lips and really starting to taste the cum from her pussy, then when he pulled his cock from her I quickly moved my mouth over both her lips and began sucking at her hole and poking my tongue up inside as I still held her panties off to the side. 

I watched as his slightly stiffer than before cock moved away from her hole, but then to my surprise, he pushed it back towards her again and in between my mouth and her wet lips. His cum coated cock head pushed between her lips, but this time did not penetrate her, but instead it slid up over her asshole and inside the back of her panties and as I let go off them and the fine nylon material covered his cock. I watched as he let his cock slide up and down over her asshole with the head pushing up inside her panties and he took hold of her hips again and began fucking her panties. Then after only a few minutes, and to my total surprise, her panties suddenly began to get soaked from the inside. This was clearly a secondary and slightly smaller orgasm, but there was still a decent amount of thick cum that he spurted onto her ass. This second cumshot across her ass did not deter me at all as I watched his now very soft cock slip out from under her panties and then he placed the soft head on the back of her panties and pressing the tip, the last of his thick cum oozed from the tip and onto the outside of the panties. Her panties slipped back over her pussy, covering the wet cummy mess and my view was now even better as I stared up at her wet ass cheeks covered in the fine nylon. 

Finally he sat back on the bed and I could see that more and more of the sperm inside her was starting to spill out into her panties and that they were now totally soaked with sperm. My cock was stiffer than I had ever thought possible as Andrea skillfully sucked my tip, but knew exactly when to slow down with her hand to hold off my orgasm. I watched as the cum began to drip off the back of her panties onto the sheets and some onto my face. I reached up and kissed her panties, licking at the wet crotch and tasting the thick cum on them, then moved my mouth up over her asshole and sucked some of cum into my mouth. Once I had licked the cum off the back of her panties, I began sucking at the pool of cum on her buttocks and due to the fine nylon material, I was able to suck the cum through her panties and into my mouth. This was just about enough to make me cum and Andrea reacted by taking my cock from her mouth and just holding it in her hands very carefully. 

Now I felt it was time to reveal her ass and pussy, so I took hold of her panties and peeled them down over her ass, exposing the delightful view of her asshole and pussy lips totally covered in thick, pure white sperm. I pulled the panties down just to the tops of her thighs and stared at her gorgeous ass, then promptly began to circle both of her cummy holes with the tip of my tongue. Some cum dripped out of her pussy and into the panties below, but the sperm on her buttocks was thick and did not drip off, but slid very slowly down over her asshole. Andrea then reached back with her hand and began to smear the sperm around her cheeks with the tips of her fingers and started poking gently at her asshole. I pushed her ass cheeks apart and placed my tongue under her pussy, sucking gently at her smooth wet lips as I opened my mouth once again and began to suck at the entrance to her hole as it oozed warm sperm. Soon my mouth was filled with the hot cream and I had no choice but to swallow some sperm as I continued to lick at her open lips and held her lovely ass cheeks in my hands. 

Her pussy was wide open and I could see the cum welling up inside her and the lovely pink insides of her lips as I ate her cum soaked hole. My eyes were also gazing directly at her asshole and it looked amazing as she let the tip of her finger enter it slightly, so I moved my mouth up and poked firmly at her asshole with the tip of my tongue. I could taste the thick sperm on her ass and was only just able to poke the tip of my tongue inside her tight asshole, then I sucked the thick cum into my mouth and started to lick up all the sperm from around her asshole. I swallowed the cum and them moved back down onto her pussy to do the same, but just as I was about to close my mouth over her pussy, I saw her husband's very rigid cock moving closer to her open pussy as he held it around the base of the shaft. 

The large purple head touched against her open lips and started to push forward, parting them wider than before, then he pulled back leaving some cum on the tip. I still had my hands on her ass cheeks and pulled them apart slightly further as again he leaned forward and this time his tip entered her slightly, although it did not go fully inside. I watched in amazement as his cock slowly and gently pushed her lips wider each time until finally the head popped inside and I saw the shaft start to slide deeper into her. With a few more long strokes in and out his balls were up against her lips and he had begun to fuck her quite quickly, I lay my head down on the bed pulling her panties down further so I was able to watch as he fucked her with a nice pace and made the greatest of wet sloppy noises. 

With Andrea's legs spread wide and the fact that her panties were now totally soaked in cum, it was difficult to keep them down her thighs. As her husband fucked her, the panties slid back up her thighs and his balls were rubbing against them, so with his cock still deep inside her he pulled her panties down to her knees, then holding her firmly around the waist he lifted her legs up off the bed. I took the panties and quickly pulled them down around her knees and then slipped them down her legs and off her feet, leaving her totally naked. I held them in my hand for a moment and could feel how wet they were with cum and then threw them on the bed beside us as he lowered Andrea back down over my face and continued fucking her. I placed my hands back on her ass cheeks as he pumped away at her pussy and I noticed that now Andrea was building up to a possible orgasm as she lay her face down beside my cock as it lay on my stomach and I felt her lovely breasts and firm nipples touching my stomach. 

As he fucked her, small amounts of cum continued to drip out of her and it wasn't long before his shaft and shaven balls were also coated in a thin film of his friend's sperm. His cock was moving a lot faster and harder, but I did reach up with my mouth and held it directly under where his cock was penetrating her, then eventually started to lick at the entrance of her hole. I could feel his cock with my tongue and it was very hard indeed, then as he fucked her, his balls started to bang quite roughly against her wet hole. At this point Andrea took my cock into her mouth again and started to jerk me off with her hand as she sucked my cock head up and down quite fast. I think because her orgasm was getting closer, she probably wanted to make me cum as well, maybe in her mouth. I knew that at some point her husband would be ejaculating inside her pussy directly above my face and I was so caught up in everything now that it was all I could think about. I felt the muscles in Andrea's buttocks become quite tight and then relax and knew that she was getting closer all the time to achieving her orgasm. 

Her husband suddenly stopped fucking her and I guessed he was about to hold his cock and explode inside her, but instead he slowly removed his rigid cock from her pussy and stroked it with his hand several times before placing it back between her cheeks. This time however, the tip was resting on her asshole and he was holding his foreskin down tight and circling the tip around her ass. I was delighted when I saw that he might try to fuck her ass, partly because it would be a great turn on to see so close up and partly because it would allow me to be sucking her pussy if she were to have an orgasm. Once he had stopped moving it around her ass, he held still and pressed it hard into her tight hole, but I think she was still tense and her ass did not open at all. 

Andrea reached back and I watched as her fingers gently started to circle around her cummy asshole and poke gently at it. She was clearly keen on having her ass fucked and so I thought I'd assist and reached up and began to lick and suck around her ass while she slid a finger inside. I pulled her buttocks apart, stretching her asshole open a little and then once her finger popped out, I pushed my tongue firmly into her ass. My tongue entered her quite easily and although very tight at first, her asshole soon relaxed and I was able to fuck it with my tongue, getting deeper all the time. I then felt her fingers close by and removed my tongue leaving a thick load of saliva right on her ass, then as soon as I moved back, Andrea rubbed the saliva around her hole and then slid the tips of two fingers slowly into her ass.

Her husband then placed his cock against her ass and pushed very slowly into her as I watched her asshole begin to open slightly. The very tip of his cock seemed to push into her, but then his shaft bent and his cock slide up across her ass cheeks. I moved my mouth up once again and this time really forced my tongue into her tight hole leaving lots of saliva and then bringing my hands towards her asshole, I let the tips of both index fingers slip inside. Her ass was definitely beginning to relax as I pulled very gently on her ass and then started to lick over it and poke my tongue inside. Then as I held her asshole open, Andrea reached back and started to finger her ass again with two fingers, this time pushing them all the way inside. Once she removed her fingers, her husband took hold of his cock again and just before moving my head out of the way, I left a large amount of saliva on her asshole. I watched as again he pressed his tip onto her ass and this time his cock head started to disappear between her buttocks. Andrea was very still as her husband's cock slowly and steadily sank into her ass, then once the thick head popped inside, he started short shallow strokes back and forth. What a treat for me to see this from where I was and I was now able to get my mouth under her pussy and suck on her dripping hole as she got her ass fucked. 

After only a few strokes into her ass, his cock was almost fully inside and his balls were getting close to me as I sucked on her pussy, but they were smoothly shaven and wet with cum, so it only added to the whole fantasy. He was soon pumping away at her ass and I licked and sucked around her hole as lots of sperm now began to spill out of her pussy. Both of them were starting to breathe a little heavier when suddenly her husband stopped fucking her and held his cock deep inside her ass, with his balls pressed tight against her. I was amazed that his entire shaft was in her ass and I waiting and watched the base of his cock for tell tale signs of ejaculation, but after a long pause, he started to fuck her again with a similar pace. 

Then again he paused and this time he slowly pulled his cock completely out of her ass, but held the tip close behind her as her asshole remained open slightly. I watched to see if he was about to cum on her ass, but then he pushed his cock back in quite quickly and firmly. He started to fuck her ass in this way where he would push his cock into her until his balls pressed against her, then fully withdraw leaving her asshole still open, then plunge back into her again. This became faster and faster and I knew it couldn't last for long and kept sucking on her hot pussy, but then soon after he started to fuck her again, he paused again with his cock deep in her ass. This time he held his cock inside her as I watched his balls tense up and the familiar pulsating action at the base of his cock, I knew he was spurting cum deep into her ass. He began to fuck her very slowly with long deep strokes as his cock emptied its sperm into her and I could tell that Andrea felt it as her orgasm was getting closer all the time. I held her ass cheeks tight in my hands and dug my fingers into them as she started to push back against his cock and I saw the first of the cum start to spill out around her asshole. 

His hands were gripping her waist tightly and I could see that he was still cumming as his shaft was bulging and pulsating every couple of seconds, even as his cock moved ever so slowly in and out of her buttocks. I watched from under her pussy with the odd drop of cum dripping out onto my face and I opened my mouth to catch them as his cock seemed to be coming out of her hole. Eventually his cock left her ass completely and I instinctively put my open mouth under her it and felt the tremendous heat as cum started to pour into my mouth. What I hadn't realized was that he was holding his cock close behind her ass and it was still spurting thick cum between her cheeks as he stroked it with his hand and pulled down hard on his foreskin. I pulled her ass cheeks apart once again and watched as several loads of cum splattered onto her buttocks and around her asshole as I continued sucking on her pussy. 

The sperm that was splashing onto her ass was then running down into her gaping asshole and some was dripping into my mouth and as his cock neared her ass again, I tilted my head back out of the way and his cock head slid back between her cheeks. I held my open mouth under her pussy as he fucked her slowly with his semi hard cock, still managing to poke at her clit with my tongue. His cock then slipped out of her hole and he sat back on the bed and Andrea pushed her pussy down onto my face expecting to feel his cock. I pulled her down onto my mouth and sucked at her hot asshole just as Andrea began her orgasm. She pushed her hands onto my thighs and started to sit up straight with more force down on my face as the flood of sperm poured out of her, helped along by her pulsating pussy. I sucked as much of the cum as I could, but there was so much, that most of it ran down the sides of my face. 

Then Andrea took hold of my cock and started to jerk me off very fast, with my cock pointing up towards her belly. I could feel her asshole close around my tongue and the stream of cum and her juices become slower and more steady as my own cum raced to the tip of my cock. Andrea quickly moved her pussy off my face and I helped push her hips down towards my cock as I felt my first powerful cumshot spurt up between her breasts and onto her stomach, something I would love to have seen, but could not from the position I was in. Andrea then reached down, took hold of my spurting cock and sat down hard on my cock and I felt slide up into her wet pussy. Once the tip was inside, I pulled her down hard onto me and held her tight around the waist, with my cock deep inside her and felt the remainder of my sperm pumping up into her pussy. It was a great orgasm and I didn't want to let go of her even as my orgasm faded. 

Eventually, she leaned forwards on the bed again and my cock slipped out of her pussy and once again her lovely cum covered ass and pussy were directly in front of my face and I took a moment to rub some of my own cum around her buttocks and marvel at what a delightful sight it was. Most of the sperm had dripped out of her pussy and her asshole had closed, but was still oozing sperm and there was still the occasional drip hanging from her lovely pink lips. Her buttocks were soaked and becoming a little sticky, but each time I saw some cum about to drip from her pussy, I would reach up and lick it into my mouth and then lick up around her pussy and over her sweet pink asshole. I then felt Andrea lift her left thigh up over me and roll onto her back on the bed as the three of us gazed at my fresh cum that had showered her lovely flat belly. She lay there and once she saw that we were looking at her cum covered stomach, she began to rub the thick warm cum down between her thighs and up over her breasts. As Andrea and her husband lay on the bed, myself and her husbands friend dressed and left the apartment, leaving them to either clean up and shower or maybe after a quick rest, continue the activities.