 Brandon awoke the next morning in a strange bed and at first thought he was alone, but he looked over and was shocked at what he saw. Lying on her back was a moaning Katy and nestled between her thighs was Ella clearly lapping away at the blonde's pussy. Carly sat nearby coaching the brunette on the finer points although from Brandon's perspective she was doing all right on her own.

Brandon sat up and Carly noticed, but putting her finger to her lips winked at him and went back to coaching. When it because clear she was no longer needed she just watched Ella teasing Katy closer and closer to orgasm. When Katy finally came Brandon watched in amazement as she shook in pleasure and could not help but notice he was very hard and very horny.

Carly too seemed quite excited and to his surprise she moved behind her friend and began massaging the brunette's tits and pussy. For someone who had been hesitant about having sex with another girl Ella did nothing to stop her friend, in fact he was surprised to find that Ella and Carly were soon kissing each other.

As the pair rolled toward the end of the bed Brandon took the opportunity to roll a still dazed Katy into his arms. She gladly accepted and cuddled into his arms.

"Well, that looked like a fun thing to wake to," he said and Katy nodded. It seemed she had noticed his hard shaft and immediately began stroking it. "And it looks like someone is ready for more," he said, rising. Katy spread her legs for him and he leaned down to kiss her before he entered her. As he went to pull back she pulled him into another deep kiss. He found her eyes and saw that familiar love in them again. 

Which is why it came as little surprise that as he went to pull back she stared into his eyes and said softly, "Go slow Brandon, please?"

He nodded in understanding, now knowing why she had waited until this morning. Last night was for lust; this morning Katy wanted to be loved, and loved she would be.

He entered her and they began that familiar slow and steady act of love that had become so familiar when they were together. Both were lost in the raw emotion and the sheer beauty of it. Brandon lost track of how long they were like that but he didn't care. It felt too good to worry about trivial things like time. The fact that they were being observed occurred to neither party as they made love to each other once more. When they had at last cum together, they kissed once more before Brandon wrapped her in a loving embrace.

It was not until he heard a sniffle that he remembered their audience. Ella was wiping tears from her eyes as Carly looked at the pair in absolute awe.

"You two sure you aren't pulling our chains and aren't married because that was so...so..."

"Beautiful," Ella said, before smiling and then turning to her friend, "That's what I want right there Carly, that's the way I want my husband to love me someday, just like that, and see, it is possible."

But Carly was too busy searching for something to hear her. She then got up and left the room and when she came back she was smiling and as she walked in she bent down to look at something. When she rose she was holding Brandon's wallet from which she pulled something and tossed it to the floor before rejoining them on the bed. 

"Hold out your left hands you two," they exchanged looks and slowly held out their left hands as requested and Carly moved forward and produced two very familiar rings. The smaller fit perfectly around Katy's finger and the larger slid onto Brandon's.

"Just as I thought, I found it odd Katy here wanted to wear that," she nodded at Brandon's ring, "around her thumb last night while we were on the couch, but was missing it when we came in here. Not to mention, when Brandon paid last night I couldn't help notice a woman's ring in his wallet. You're swingers aren't you?"

"No," Katy said first. "You're right, we were married briefly last year and we still love each other, but we're not married anymore and please don't ask. It's a long and painful story. Brandon wouldn't have agreed to this if we were; he'd view this as cheating." Brandon nodded in agreement and to his surprise Ella did not look angry at all, quite the contrary in fact.

"Awwww," she said, "You two carry around each other's ring as a sign of devotion to each other even if you can't be together. That's so romantic!"

"And a little bit weird," Carly said, not nearly as offended now and slightly amused at her friend's assessment. She then rose and pulled Ella away from the bed. "Come on you, let's get cleaned up and dressed and leave the lovers some time together."

Carly got the shower first, but it seemed Katy wasn't ready to end the fun with Ella just yet and Ella gladly accepted one more fuck from Brandon while eating out the busty blonde once more. Carly emerged from her shower and shook her head at her friend.

"Yesterday she wouldn't give another girl a peck on the cheek, now she's tongue deep in another woman's pussy eating the cum out of it, go figure." The trio finished up and Ella rushed off to shower, too. Katy offered Carly a last go round, but having just finished showering Carly politely declined and when Ella was finished and dressed they left, but not before giving each a goodbye kiss. Ella even asked to talk to Brandon quickly before she left.

"First off thanks for last night. I, um, really needed that, and watching you with Katy this morning has done more for me than you know. Just knowing there really are wonderful guys like you gives me hope the might be one for me out there. Speaking of which, I don't know how you let her get away, but I'd remedy that and quick if I were you. Take it from someone who love has kicked around a whole lot, what you two have is really rare, don't let it go to waste."

With that they left, Brandon and Katy not far behind. As he dropped off Katy at her place they gave each other their rings back and she gave him a big kiss and said, "Thanks for the wonderful birthday. I hope you enjoyed that as much as I did." Brandon just smiled and nodded.

The next few weeks were a confusing blur for Brandon as he tried to make sense of all his feelings after what had been said to him that night. Also complicating matters for him was the fact that his friend had set him up on a blind date with what he assured Brandon was his 'perfect girl.' Not to mention the dream of the forced wedding kept popping up thankfully without the Alexis prelude. Each time he strained not to look at the bride, though every part of him yearned to. He just knew that it would be too horrifying to bear, so he kept looking away.

He told all this to Jack as the blind date approached and Jack smiled. "Well little bro, you got decisions to make, that's for sure, but as for the dream do me a favor next time. Look, I think you'll be surprised by what you find. I have a hunch I know what it's all about."

"Jack, I started getting that dream when I was with Alexis what if it's her? I expected it to stop!"

""But what if you're wrong, and it's not bad at all? Just look at the bride; do it for me, please?"

That night Brandon took his advice and when the dream started he went to look away but the Jack in his dream said, "Keep looking Brandon, trust me." Brandon looked back and soon the black dress and feeling of horror was gone and he felt the chains fall off his arms. When the bride reached him he lifted the veil and was shocked to find it was Katy.

"You?" he asked in utter shock, "You were what I was afraid of all this time?"

"Yes baby, just little ole me. I tried to get you to look at me, and Jack was trying to tell you, but you wouldn't listen." She smiled and he turned to look at Jack and suddenly he realized what this was. It wasn't a dream at all, it was a memory.

It was his and Katy's wedding. His subconscious had been trying to remind him of how scared he had been, but how sure of his decision he had been once he saw Katy. Jack had seen how scared he had been that day which is what he had understood the dream in a way Brandon had not.

He awoke that morning knowing what he had to do. His first call was to his friend to inform him that he would not be going on the date. His friend asked why and he explained and the friend understood. His second was to his brother arranging to pick up something that week that his brother had been holding onto for some time. 

That Friday he showed up, much to her surprise, at Katy's door. "Brandon what are you doing here?"

"You busy?" he asked, fully aware she was clearly getting ready to go somewhere, "Not at the moment, but I'm going out with the girls in a few minutes, what's up?"

"I just needed to talk to you about something." 

"Okay," she said letting him in, "if you don't mind I'm going to keep getting ready," she said, strolling back into the bathroom 

"Not at all, but it's very quick. I just needed to give you something that I think you'll get more use out of than I will. Jack found it the other day and he's been holding onto it and well, I think its about time I give it to you, on one condition that is," Brandon said with a smile as Katy emerged bewildered. 

"Okay, I'll bite. What's the condition?" 

"Well, I think you should see the object first to see if you want to consider the condition," Brandon said, producing a small very glittery object from his pocket. 

Katy had to come closer and seeing what it was she said almost breathless, "Brandon, that isn't mine." 

"See, that's where the condition comes in. It is yours if you accept the small condition of being my fiancée." When she gave no response Brandon said, "Marry me Katy."

"Oh my god yes!" she said, putting on the ring before pulling him into a rib cracking hug before giving him a big kiss. Then she pulled back and said, "Are you absolutely sure this is what you want?"

"Yes, baby I am. I truly want nothing more than to spend the rest of my life with you." She looked skeptical so he told her about the dream he had had and explained it. He then added, "After that dream I knew what I wanted. I was supposed to be on a blind date last night, but I decided after seeing the meaning of that dream that if I did not pursue this I would regret it for the rest of my life." His words seemed to satisfy her that he really did want this.

Just then the doorbell ran and Katy answered it and said, "Sorry ladies I have to skip girl's night tonight."

There was a flurry of questions, but it was as one of them saw Brandon that she looked down and found the real reason.

"No, ladies, I believe the reason she isn't coming has something to do with the large rock on her finger Brandon just gave her," the friend said, smiling.

What followed was screams of joy and shouts of congratulations. Girl's night was pushed back to admire Katy's ring and wish the newly engaged couple well. Then Katy and Brandon enjoyed their own night out together. After they informed friends and family of course, all of which we happy for them, several saying it was about time. That night they made slow love together once again, glad to be officially back together and ready to make the most of their second chance.