 It was after midnight when Michael walked into the house, the smell of burnt pizza and margaritas slapping into his nose. He shook off a cold shiver as he shrugged out of his heavy coat and ran the snow from his wavy brown hair with his fingers. He could hear his sister, Sarah, and her friends cackling down the hall in her bedroom and felt the irritation he had for them. She was five years younger than he was and a freshman in college, the same as her four friends. He was starting his first year of law school and hated that his parents insisted he be home with her like some babysitter while they flew down to the Bahamas for New Year's. He pulled a beer from the fridge and went down to the basement to watch television. 

In Sarah's bedroom, she and her friends were spread out on beanbag chairs, the floor and the bed, each of them wearing gray t-shirts emblazoned with the names of their different universities across their chests. For the most part, the girls looked the same, like some sort of brigade. All of them were 5'7" or taller, Callie being the tallest at 5'9"; most were just thin enough to carry the weight of their huge tits, except for Kelly. She was Hollywood-thin and only wore a C-cup, compared to her larger friends. Alicia, the shy, church-going girl had the biggest tits, barely squeezing herself into a DD bra. Each had long flowing hair of varying shades of brown and blond that stretched halfway down their backs, Carrie wore hers in a pony tail with what she called her blowjob holder, everyone else called it a scrunchie. 

They heard the busted exhaust of Michael's crappy old Celica halfway down the block and were still laughing about him as he settled onto the futon in the basement. Even though Carrie had had a crush on him since the fifth grade, she poked fun the most. She was affectionately known to her friends as The Bitch. Alicia was the quietest, often saying, as she did now, everyone was equal in God's eyes, which made the girls laugh harder.

"Carrie," Callie said, "why don't you go downstairs and see if Michael needs any warming up from the snowstorm?"

"Ha ha," she sneered. "Very funny"

"Aw, c'mon," Kelly added. "You've wanted him since you were ten. Go get you some."

The girls roared with laughter, more with her than at her.

"Don't think I won't do it," Carrie boasted.

"Go ahead, Carrie," Sarah joined in. "You've been masturbating with thoughts of him for years. Go do something about it."

"Fuck you," the young girl countered. "I will." 

She stood up, smoothed her long t-shirt over her tanned thighs and stuck her tongue out at her friends before opening the door. She stopped in the open door, lifted her shirt and pulled her black thong off and threw it into Callie's face, who held it up, mockingly licking at it and laughing until her side hurt. Carrie slammed the door shut, pretending to be angry and walked through the dimly lit house, feeling more than a little embarrassed now that the chips had been thrown down. She heard her friends laughing like hyenas and felt sicker over the thought of going back to them like a coward. As she climbed down the stairs she didn't hear the four other girls follow her quietly through the house. 

"Hi, Michael," she said from the bottom of the stairs.

He scanned her body from her bare pedicured toenails to her long, dark brown hair, paying obvious attention to her D sized tits. She knew he didn't like any of his sister's friends and felt flushed, standing there with no panties on.

"What do you want," he snapped, taking a swig from his beer.

"I just thought you might want some company," she tugged at the hem of her shirt, rotating her body like a toddler.

Carrie had spent most of junior high school and all of high school as the town slut; at least that's what everyone thought. She wasn't used to anything but guys throwing themselves at her feet; she joked about it being the reason for her expensive pedicures. Michael was the only one within their rural community who never gave her a second glance and at that moment, between her friends laughing at her and his bitterness toward her, she wanted nothing more than to change his mind, or crawl into a hole; she wasn't sure which. With her best saunter she approached the futon and sat at the opposite end as him, watching him closely. He ignored her as long as he could, focusing on the blinking TV screen.

"What," he finally turned to her, and angry expression across his face.

The four girls had crept down the stairs under the cover of darkness, bending over each other silently as they strained to see what was unfolding at the far end of the room. The flickering light from the television cast an eerie glow over the mismatched pair on the futon.

"I just thought you might want something to warm you up," she said with a bubbly voice.

"What did you have in mind," he asked, barely pretending to be interested.

She lifted the hem of her shirt, holding it tight to her stomach. He stared wide-eyed; taking in the smooth, pink folds of her shaved pussy. He licked his lips as he turned his attention from the movie he'd been watching, shifting his entire body to face her. The four girls were in shock as they stared at their friends nakedness, trying hard to stifle their giggles of 'oh my god' and 'that slut'. Thinking maybe Michael wasn't satisfied with just seeing between her legs, she lifted her shirt higher, bunching it over the top of her full breasts.

"I could see how that would warm a guy up," he said, turning around just long enough to down his beer and set it on the end table. 

When he faced Carrie again, she had already stripped herself of her shirt, thrown it onto the TV and was adjusting the throw pillows behind her, against the hard wood armrest. When she'd finished she held his stare while she cupped her heavy tits, jiggling them and pinching her nipples teasingly.

"Now I'm getting a little cold," she pouted, as she slid her hands over her tits and down her sides, bringing them between her thighs so she could push her legs open dramatically. 

Michael pulled his shirt off and tossed it aside as he offered to keep her warm. With a newfound interesting Sarah's friend, he lay down on Carrie, his face nestled between her tits, pawing at them, kissing and sucking her stiff nipples. She ground her pelvis into his stomach, feeling his tight muscles against her soft pussy. She squeezed her tits together while he rolled her nipples between his fingers and nibbled lightly. 

"Mmm," she moaned. "I like that, baby."

He dragged over her mounds, kissing past her belly and brought his tongue sliding downward between her lips. She continued squeezing her tits and tweaking her nipples as he slathered her pussy with his saliva, mixing it with her natural wetness, coating her to a slick sheen. Wrapping his lips around her clit, he flicked it rapidly with the tip of his tongue, bringing a loud grown out of her before sucking hard on it like a nursing baby. She writhed under him, grinding herself into his face, her moans growing louder.

"Suck Carrie's pussy, baby," she growled.

His own moans sent a vibration through her pussy lips and into her stomach. He gripped her behind her knees and pushed them back against her sides, lifting here cunt and exposing her asshole. His lapping tongue slid from her tight puckered ass to her throbbing clit. When she grabbed hold of her own legs, holding them for him, he used his fingers to push into her, bringing out a slurpy sound as he pumped her. 

On the stairs, even Alicia was getting wet as the four friends watched Carrie get eaten by Michael. She'd only masturbated twice in her life, afraid of having to bring it up in the confessional, but right then, she felt an overwhelming need to make it number three. Because she and Kelly were in the front of the small group, they didn't notice that Callie was hunched over Sarah as they bent to see the action unfolding. They also didn't notice that Callie had slipped her hand between Sarah's legs from behind, pushed the light material of her panties aside and had two fingers thrusting into her wet pussy. They probably figured the sloppy sounds and musky womanly scent of arousal they noticed was from Carrie, if they noticed at all.

When Carrie pushed Michael from between her legs and got onto her knees, demanding a proper rimming, Kelly became so turned on she stripped her satiny panties from under her long t-shirt and used them to rub her clit. She wrapped the material around her finger and thrust it into her pussy in sync with Michael's tongue fucking into Carrie's asshole. The loud screams from the other side of the room hid all sounds of the finger fucking happening on the stairs.

"OHH FUCK, MICHAEL," she hollered. "I'M gonna FUCKIN' CUM!"

Michael moved Carrie's her hand away her pussy and replaced it with three of his own fingers, pumping hard and fast into her while he spit on her ass and licked it back up. She was screaming at the top of her lungs when her pussy clamped down hard onto his fingers. 

"OOHHHH FUCK-K-K-K ME-E-E-E-E! I'M FUCKING CUMMING-G-G-G-G!"

Kelly had two fingers jamming into her pussy, her satin panties soaking up her juices. Callie had two fingers stuck into Sarah's pussy and her thumb in her asshole, pumping both her holes simultaneously. She was on the verge of her own orgasm. Alicia turned with a whimper and ran up the stairs, surprising her friends who were in too much a frenzy to really care at the moment. She made it as far as the living room before she flopped onto the floor, rolling onto her back and pulling her light purple sweat pants and flowered cotton panties to her knees. She clawed at her dripping hairy pussy, frantically sliding the fingers of one hand over her swollen clit and sinking two fingers from her other hand into herself. She had less than thirty seconds of bucking her hips into her hands before she released a torrent of cum from her body; a feeling she hadn't given herself since she was 14.

While Alicia panted like a slut on the living room carpet, her sweats and panties wrapped around her knees and her oozing cum coating the thick hairs of her pussy, Kelly pulled her fingers from herself, left the panties stuck into her and descended into the basement. She pulled her shirt over her head as she stepped beside Michael and Carrie, his tongue deep in her pussy, lapping away her cream. Sarah and Callie stayed undetected on the stairs.

When Michael caught sight of something blue and satiny, he turned toward Kelly.

"What the fuck," he said, reaching for them.

"Oh, heh heh," she pretended to feel humiliation as she pulled the material from her pussy. "I was watchin' you two from the stairs."

Michael eyed her with lust, appraising her tits, although not as large as Carrie's, they were still full and round and looked larger than they were against her skinny body. She had a thin arrow shaped patch of pubic hair and smooth bright pink pussy lips.

"Wanna join the party," Carrie purred.

"Fuck ya," she announced, pushing Michael away from her friend's ass. 

He was still wearing jeans so, together, the girls stripped him naked. When they slid his Scooby Doo boxers off, his large cock sprang back at them.

"Holy shit," Kelly gasped.

"Is that all yours," Carrie asked

On the stairs, Sarah's eyes were wide as she stared at her brother's huge cock. The two girls had sat down next to each other, still shrouded by darkness. Sarah had three fingers pumping into her lover when she caught sight of her brother for the first time since she was about three years old. As she looked at it, she twisted her fingers faster into Callie, spreading them wide on each outstroke and tickling her inner walls furiously. Callie wrapped her fingers into Sarah's long light brown hair, pulling her head back hard.

"Oh my God," she said quietly through gritting teeth. "Fuck my cunt, baby."

Sarah responded with a fourth finger, ramming hard into her pussy. Kelly had dropped to her knees in front of the seated Michael, toying with his cock, entranced by its size. She wrapped both her fists around it and held it to Carrie, showing off that more than an inch still poked from her hands. She leaned down and wrapped her lips around the exposed head, squeezing her hands tightly as she flickered her tongue at the tip, tasting the fluid that oozed from him. She swallowed it down and pulled a hand away, sinking her mouth onto his long thick cock. As she bobbed her face onto his lap, Carrie cried out like a cheerleader.

"Suck his cock! Suck his cock!"

Kelly took as much as she could, feeling the corners of her mouth stretch and tear. Her eyes were rolling in her head as she pulled him free, gasping for air. Carrie pushed her aside demanding a turn. Immediately she opened wide and dropped onto Michael's lap, taking him halfway and holding him, her tongue rolling on the underside of his shaft. Kelly urged her to take more as she pressed her hand to the back of Carrie's head and pushed her down slowly. Carrie gulped more and more of Michael into mouth, past her tonsils to the back of her throat, until she had taken his entire nine inches. She gagged and choked, fighting against Kelly's grip. Her eyes rolled into her skull as she finally broke free, thick saliva falling from her mouth and covering Michael's lap. 

"You fucking whore," she growled.

She gripped Kelly's long blond hair and smashed her friend down onto Michael. Kelly had just enough time to stretch her mouth wide before feeling his cock stab the back of her throat. Carrie twisted her fingers into her thick hair and pulled her back half way before slamming her down again. Over and over she bounced Kelly's face onto Michael's prick as the girl gagged and chocked and drooled thick spit all over him, mixing with Carrie's spit and his own pre-cum. Kelly had no clue that her eyes were rolling around in her head in time with Callie's, who was rocketing through her third orgasm against Sarah's four invading fingers and clit-riding thumb. Callie, her hips grinding onto her friend's palm, commanded her to fuck harder and deeper and faster. Her muscles clenched around Sarah's fingers as a cupful of cum drained from her body.

"Enough," Michael yelled, pushing both girls away from him. "One of you better start fucking me real soon, or I'm really gonna be pissed."

"Me first," Kelly squealed, climbing onto his lap.

She held him against her slit and rocked herself onto him, taking him completely into pussy. 

"Mmm, fuck ya-a-a-a," she moaned as she got into a gyrating rhythm.

Carrie squatted low behind her friend, her cheeks and tongue working saliva into her mouth. She spat a glob at Kelly's asshole and followed it in with her tongue, smearing it all around the girl's puckered hole. Michael was tugging and pinching her nipples as she rode his cock, thrashing her head, moaning and screaming. Carrie hurtled an even larger gob of spit at Kelly before she sat up and sank her middle finger deep into her asshole.

"OH FUCKIN' A," Kelly screamed.

She gripped the back of the futon, riding hard on Michael's cock and Carrie's finger. He muscles clenched and contracted violently.

"OH FUCK," she wheezed. "I'm gonna FUCKING CUM."

She squeezed her muscles tight, gripping the finger and cock impaling her holes as she threw her head back like a baying wolf, screaming until she was horse, bouncing until her cunt hurt. When the sound of Michael's cock slapping into Kelly's pussy became wet and squishy from the flood of cum she released, Carrie gripped her shoulder and picked her up with the finger in her asshole, tossing her aside effortlessly. 

"My turn," she growled at her friend.