 (a continuation of "What Anna and I Did" and "What Tommy Told Me".)

It's now four months since Tommy and I had our little sexcapade with Franny and Rob. We have maintained a monogamous relationship and it is totally fulfilling. I really have no desires to engage in sex with anyone other than Tommy. As a total person, I have more confidence and self-esteem than I ever recall experiencing. My children are settled in their apartments and their jobs. I am busy and satisfied. Yes, it is a good life.

Tommy is also in a good place. We agreed to be honest with each other totally. If it's love than there are no barriers to intimacy. If we felt a bi-sexual itch, we agreed to share it and then plan to satisfy it together. Thus far, we satisfied each other by playing out roles or watching bisexual porn and satisfying each other. It has been working for us and we need no other partners. In fact, it's Tommy who has put off Rob and Franny. At first, I felt Franny's sleight but I explained to her that Tommy and I wanted to explore each other for a while. I told her that we have been fantasizing about a vacation with them soon and that seemed to mollify her. It was true, Tommy and I have used a Caribbean fantasy several times in bed. Being tan and free makes for a nice setting.

Anna called me and asked if I had time to see her when she flew into town for a series of business seminars she was conducting. The following happened a few days ago and it took me to a new level.

I told Anna that I had expanded my sexual horizons since our vacation. I explained my relationship with Tommy and I told her to read my stories online. I said that if everything was okay with her, she could stay with us during her trip. She agreed to call me back. About two hours later, Anna called back in a bubbly and very giggly mood.

"I would anything to stay with you two."

"Well then, it's done. When are you coming in and how long will we have you?"

"I could come right now. Actually, I came twice reading your stories. It was amazing to read about us. I wished you let me read it first, I could have added some more juicy parts!"

"I think that once you get here, we'll have a new chapter to write."

Tommy was thrilled to learn of our guest. He said that being with Anna would be special because she was the catalyst in our life. Anna flew in and moved in for her week stay. She left this morning, catching a morning flight and I miss her already. We have so much fun together and this tie seemed so special because Tommy was involved, we all had fun and we are still the closest of friends.

The first few days were hectic for her. Right after she flew in, I met her for lunch and then she had to attend a metting and a dinner party. She stayed at a hotel in the city for the first few days. When she finally arrived at our suburban home, she had three days off to spend with us and then back to the city for a wrap-up meeting. It was Memorial Day Weekend and so we planned to take her with us to our beach house. My kids and their friends had been using this small (I call it cozy) inheritance thus far but we chased them off for this weekend and they didn't seem to mind. For us, it's only an hour to the house, for them it's nearly three...and in hot weekend traffic, I really understood their amiability. So Anna's train came in at 12:30pm and a half hour later, we were in the car and on our way.

The car ride was quick as the weekend traffic was just beginning to build and we were just ahead of it. Anna was so excited to be with us. All she did was talk about how long she's dreamed of this. While Tommy drove, I noticed that the car picked up speed when we spoke about our first time. Sitting in the back with her, we touched each other as friends might, as we chatted away. Once, out of complete impulse, I reached over, touched her breast, gave her a deep kiss and told her how glad I was that she was here with us. Tommy brought me back by piping up, "I have such a stiffy!" We started to laugh. "you know, Anna, in all the years I've known you, I never thought you had such a randy sex life. I am quite amazed," said Tom. "Well, Tommy Boy, I always was good at putting up a hard front. Even in high school, I really wasn't so prim. But I was always hiding my real self. I still do in business. It's with you guys that I feel uninhibited. I can get loose and get my rocks off...and boy, do I need it!" I put my arm around her and held her tight as she nestled into me. The warmth in the car felt right.

As we entered the house and put our things away, I announced that although it was hazy and there was a threat of rain, that it was prime sun time, time to mix some drinks and let the party begin. Tommy was already making a pitcher of margaritas. I walked into my bedroom and shed my clothes, I opened the door to the deck and stepped out. Looking out across the dunes, I could see the ocean rolling in, I could hear the happy squeals of children on the beach, the sky out over the ocean was a perfectly cloudless blue. But the clouds were coming and there was a little while of sun left. The pool before me was too inviting to pass up and I slid into the water. This was it. What could be better than this. The clear blue water caressed my nude body as I glided along the side. My body reacted as it if is was laughing. This was bliss.

Anna and Tommy broke my reverie. "Couldn't wait, could you, you horny little thing."

"No darling, I'm simply in heaven. This is wonderful, " I said as I rolled over, "join me."

Anna peeled of her suit and dove in. Her white skin made her hairy little bush and her long inviting slit stand out as she arced into the water and swam up to me. "Oh, I've been waiting for this," she said as our bodies caressed. Her breasts mashed into mine as we kissed. Our bodies slid around each other in a water ballet.

"Ahem." Tommy stood by the pool with a pitcher, a joint in his mouth and his penis poking straight out and stiff through his pants. "Would you two care for a drink? You know it's way past twelve and the bar is open." Laughter again. We broke apart and hung on the side of the pool as he set two glasses. We passed the joint around. We sipped the margaritas. We floated idly in the pool. "Wow, two beautiful naked asses. I think I'm in love." He stood edge of the pool with his legs spread. His one-eye was looking directly at us.

"So get your ass in here and make it a threesome," I said. Tommy tucked his penis back into his pants and began to remove his clothes but in a sort of dumb sexy strip. "Oh, I left all my singles inside," said Anna, "I'd like to stuff them in his package." We hooted and cheered him on as he became more and more like a male exotic dancer. With his shirt off, he pranced around flexing his lightly haired chest. His nipples pointed in excitement as he pinched and pulled at them. "Come on, let's see the goods again. it's a beauty!!" Anna was getting into the act in a big way. As we hung poolside, Tommy stood above us and began to slide his pants down slowly. As they hit the ground, we were looking up at his crotch hanging snug in his black Calvin Klein bikinis. "My goodness. Nice sac." Anna was cracking me up. Tommy turned around and began to peel off his briefs. His firm buttocks were releaved one cheek at a time. Anna reached up to grab one but couldn't make it. Tommy was now nude with his back to us. When he saw that Anna couldn't reach, he squatted down with his ass above our faces. He pressed his penis backwards so the head popped out right under his anus. It was like a one-eyed creature winking at us. We roared in appreciation. Now Anna had no trouble reaching up and stroking the head. "Enough!" yelled Tommy as he turned around and sat on the edge of the pool with his feet dangling and his cock standing straight up. With his drink in his hand, he proposed a toast. "Here's to a long weekend of peace and pleasure." We clinked glasses, drank, talked, laughed and generally had a great time playing touchy-feely and getting incredibly horny.

That afternoon was spent luxuriating in the sun and in the pool. We gently touched each other. When Tommy rubbed our bodies in tanning oil, it was a languorous caress. Although we weren't having sex per se, it was sex none the less. When he rubbed the oil onto my ass, he allowed some to slide down the crack of my ass and as he rubbed me he entered my ass with one finger. I remember moaning because a few minutes later when he was rubbing oil onto Anna, I heard that same moan so I knew what she was experiencing. We lay next to each other and gently touched and stroked and kissed. It was so lazy and sexy and relaxing, and we were stoned and I know that I was a little drunk and we all fell asleep for a while. It began to drizzle as I napped and we gathered our thing and ran inside. I lay down on my bed and watched my soap as I drifted back to sleep.

When I awoke, the table was set for dinner. Tommy and Anna were barbequing...naked...in the warm rain. "You too are a picture," I laughed. "Did we have sex yet or am I crazy? Did I miss something?"

"Hello, sleepy. Dinner is just about ready. You haven't missed anything although the temptation has been very intense." Anna added, "You know I did ask Tommy if I could suck him but he was such a gentlemen. He said that he would wait for you to wake up because you two do everything together."

"Well, damn! Why didn't you wake me? My pussy is on fire!...but I am hungry," I hit the bathroom and returned to the wine glasses filling with Cabernet. Barbequed baby lamb chops and corn. Mmmm. Dinner was sumptuous. "Tommy and I agreed to a plan while you were asleep: no clothes this weekend. What do you say?" I said that I thought it was silly idea but what the hell. I answered by dipping my hand into the apple sauce and smearing it across my breasts. "Do you consider this dressed?" I asked. They moved their chairs next to me and began to lick the sauce off my breasts. I leaned back in the chair and enjoyed the pleasure. They sucked and tugged on my nipples as their hands and fingers danced around my pussy. I came very quickly, I was that horny. Tommy took some apple sauce and smeared it over his penis and his balls. He stood and placed his penis to my lips. I licked his cock like it was a harmonica while Anna lapped at his balls. After a few minutes of this, Tommy began to tremble. His penis jerked out of my mouth and began to shoot strands of cum over my breasts and Anna's face. The thin rope of cum sprayed us thouroughly. We began to lick each other off. "Mmmm. Better than Mott's," Anna quipped. "And dietetic," I added, "ever since Tommy had the vasectomy!" Laughter all around. Anna stood up, scooped a handful of apple sauce. "I bet you both know what's going to happen next..." she smiled as she squashed her hand into her vagina. Her vagina was dripping with apple sauce as I slurped up the length of her slit. With me in her pussy and Tommy behind her licking her ass, she, too, came quickly and urgently. Cleaning the table would have to wait. We had things to do and Tommy's dick was hard again.

We sat down on the carpeted floor and looked out as the rain fell across the sand dunes. The sky was grey and foreboding now and the room was dark. The sound of the rain beating against the roof was hypnotic. We sat indian style facing each other. Tommy lit a joint and passed it to me, I inhaled and passed it to Anna. We did this several times until we were giggling and silly. We were all touching each other and the heat of our bodies warmed the room. Tom's penis hung limply between sit legs. Anna said, "Tommy, your penis is very pretty." At this, we roared in laughter. Tommy held his cock and pulled it up and back, "I'll make it handsome for you. You know, Anna, your pussy is exactly how I saw it described in the story." With that, we began to talk about my story. Anna felt that it was very close to the truth. "I've read it so often and jerked off to the memory of the event...the story is such a perfect souvenir." I blushed and said that I tried to get it right. "Well, you got her cunt right!" said Tommy and he rubbed his hand through her bushy triangle. She pulled her lips apart and slid her palm over her clit, then she pulled those lips back to reveal her large and slightly distended clit. Tommy ran his finger along the sides of it. "Oooh." Anna was visibly wet. Tommy's other hand was no massaging my mons and I, too, could feel my lubrication. The room filled with the scent of two aroused women. I inhaled deeply..."I love that smell." Tommy took his hands from us and inhaled his fingers. A big smile ran acoss his face as he offered his fingers to us. "Mmmm" was the response. Anna uncrossed her legs and lay down on her stomach between us. She pplaced her nose right into my crotch and began to inhale and moan. Then she moved over to Tommy and did the same, this time rubbing her nose into his sac. Sitting up, she declared, "Both smell yummy." Again, we laughed. Rolling onto my stomach, I began to lick Tommy's lollipop. Anna did the same. We ran our tongues up and around his cock, we licked up his balls, we alternated on his piss hole and on sucking him. Tommy began to shoot his load into my mouth, I backed out and shared it with Anna. It squirted and squirted until the head of it began to lighten from a swollen red to a soft pink. Anna and I kissed swishing Tommy's semen around and back. Our kisses turned to groping and humping. Writhing on the floor with our vaginas rubbing each other, we began to hump hard and in earnest. The scent of our sex permeated the air and it drove me crazy. I began to buck against her and she to me. I clutched her small ass and pulled it into my rhythm. I began to pant noisily as I began to cum. The juices from our vaginas dripped around our legs, around our crotches, along our stomachs. The squishing sounds escalated as I felt my clit rub along her clit and I began to ride it as my orgasm overcame me. "Oh...ooooh," I arched and pushed my pussy into her as I exploded. I fell backwards and Anna distenwinted. She placed her legs on either side of my head and I felt her juices dripping onto my face. Her scent was heavy and thick. I placed my tongue into her home and slurped it. She rolled her ass back and Imashed my fash into her slit. My nose was in her hole and my lips danced along her clit until she too began to buck and flood my face. I heard Tommy groan and I looked up to see Anna swallowing another load. My, oh my.

That weekend was a cornucopia of sexual desires. Everything two women and one man can do, we did. Eight orifices, one penis and a double dildo can do lots of things together. Two events stand out to me.

On Sunday morning, I awoke to the nuzzling of Anna next to me. Tommy was on the other side of her sawing heavy logs. I nuzzled back into her and placed my arms around her drawing her sex next to mine. "I love your shaved feel on me," she said. We kissed deeply and lay together kissing and pressing our vaginas together in a slow quiet grind. Kissing her so sweetly and deeply made me flush with deep love for her. Whereas, all our sex had a fun and frolicking nature to it. This was different. The was deeper emotion and I felt it running through her, too. I felt a very orgasm come on and surge quickly and then repeat again, and then once again. Her vagina began to shudder and shake spasmodically banging against me. Our orgasms flooded over us as we held each other tightly. Our juices ran down our legs as we entwined and fell back into a deep sleep. I have experienced deep orgasms like that before but I can't recall when or how long ago. Plus the fact that we had come together added to the perfection of the moment. Some orgasms are better than others. This was indeed a good one.

The other event took place later that morning. Tommy had awakened with a morning stiffy and Anna and I shared the blessing. We were laying around the bed drinking coffee when Anna asked Tommy about his bisexuality and his take on the quality of sex. Tommy was quite open and discussed his enjoyment of oral sex, both giving and receiving, whether male or female. As he described in detail the marvels of both sexes, it made Anna more curious about him. She added her perspective about her past lovers and they had an interesting, almost clinical, discussion of what the lips feel during oral sex orgasms. She wanted to know about how men score each other, where men go to get sucked, do they use protection, about peep shows, about parks, about video stores...about "glory holes" which she read about on the web, about all those places available to gay and bi men but not to women. "Women have gay bars and I've never really felt comfortable in those places. I'm not very butch." Tommy described these places to us candidly. Several times during his talk, I played with myself as my imagination ran amok.

Tommy had told me that sometimes, although not very often, when he gets horny for cock, he goes to a "glory hole" where anonymous men suck on penises poked through holes in the wall. Sometimes they wear rubbers, sometimes they don't. Most times they spit out the cum, sometimes they swallow. Sometimes, men come on the other side of the wall for some deep throat. Sometimes, they pull out and move on to another hole, only to be replaced within moments. I was so turned on by the image, I begged him to take me there and he promised he would.

Now Anna was turned on by his description and peppered him with questions. She, too, wanted to see this. Anonymous sex between women is not something of which either of us was aware. Tommy was a bit reluctant to take us there but finally he said that there was a place he sometimes stopped at about halfway between the beach house and our home. He offered to stop there on the way home. He said the presence of women in the place would certainly raise the excitement but it could make us uncomfortable. We could hardly wait so we got dressed, packed up, closed up the house and left for our adventure. On the way, Tommy explained that if we didn't want to do anything, we should nod "no" to the person and he would leave us alone and move on. He described what the place would be like and said that at any time, he would take us out if we so wished.

Tommy drove off the turnpike into an industrial park and pulled up to a small nondescript building with a small sign that read, "A & S Video Productions, Inc. Adults only." Anna and I were wearing open blouses with no bras and shorts sans panties. We looked and felt dirty funky. Nasty. Tommy walked in and paid our admission. The guy behind the register was short and fat and he didn't raise an eyebrow. Now we had a choice, turn to the left into a small theater when porn films were running; go straight ahead into private booths that faced erotic dancers; turn to the right where there were video stalls (and those holes). Tommy led us in that direction although, for a moment, I wanted to watch the nude dancers that suddenly inflamed my libido. Guiding us into a dark room, we adjusted our eyes to discern the shadows of men standing against a wall and staring into small booths with video screens. They were all playing pocket pool. None of these men seemed desirable in the least. They were all sort of shlumpy middle-aged skeeves. Two adjoining booths had their doors closed. One man had his cock out and was playing with it as he stared at a screen. His cock was very small and as he stroked it, it grew a lttle bit. The light of the screen illuminated him making him appear eerie and alien as his eyes were rivited to the screen. I whispered to Anna how creepy this was and she agreed.

We stayed on either side of Tommy as he leaned back against a wall. We began to watch a gay video of two black men sixty-nining their immense cocks. I moved next to Anna and we stood in the corner staring at the video. Anna placed her hand on my shorts and began to rub my mons. A young guy of about 25 moved next to Tommy and they both pulled out their cocks and started rubbing them. Tommy walked into the booth and got on his knees. The other man walked into the adjoining booth and closed the door. We watched as his cock snaked out through the hole and Tommy began to lick the tip. Anna and I were mesmerized as we watched Tommy take the cock into his mouth and slide it back and forth. The cock apparently was set to hair trigger as Tommy pulled it out of his mouth, spit on the floor and began to jerk the cock as it sprayed semen across the booth. Just as suddenly the cock withdrew and the man walked out of the cubicle.
