 Natasha’s stomach and thigh’s tightened from the furious licking of Dasha. The mind bending secret drug that their owner gave them assisted, although Natasha knew very well that Dasha was masterful at pleasing both men and women without any aid. 

Today was the day of their auction, and the owner demanded that they be primed and completely alluring to all the horny potential buyers. These were not going to be nice, upstanding young boys looking for a Ms. America, or even sad and lonely men looking for a mail-order bride: these were men that would be looking to buy a piece of property, nothing more, nothing less. They didn’t care if their purchase spoke with perfect inflection and tone, or knew why you had all those forks at a dinner party. They only needed to be pleasing sexually, and nothing more.

Once upon a time, Natasha would have abhorred the thought of such a thing. She grew up in a well to do family, and had been admitted to Harvard on her first application with no problem at all. She was smart enough to realize at the age of 14 her nymphomania, but smart enough to conceal the gangbangs, blowjobs, and lesbian trysts from her parents. As school held no challenge for her, the only thing she longed for in going to college was not having to conceal her sordid, unspeakable desires from anyone.

It was there that she met Rafale, her owner. It started easily enough. He had sex with her exclusively, then moved on to introducing women into their relationship, and then men. Natasha loved every moment of it. Everything that she wanted to do sexually, he encouraged, and made possible. He showed her pleasures that even she thought that her body could not deliver. So it was not all that upsetting to her when he spirited her away in the middle of one night, gagged and bound, and delivered her to his overseer, to be interred in the dark and quiet suburban house where he housed his slaves.

It was there that she met Dasha, who had become her best friend, and primary lover. She often had sex with other men and women that paid a hefty price to come and enjoy Rafale’s women, but her and Dasha had had a special connection that allowed them to enjoy something emotional as well as physical. Dasha was a gorgeous, voluptuous woman, as was Natasha. Natasha had craved and lusted after her body from the first time they meant. As the women were not allowed to wear any clothing, only jewelry Rafale provided, she had gotten a chance to see her in all he glory from the very beginning. When Rafale would desire to watch all of his women, of whom there were 12, Natasha and Dasha would always gravitate towards each other, regardless of the particular scenario that they were required to participate in. Dasha comforted her and begged Rafale to join in, when it was Natasha’s turn to go through the Gauntlet, which was when a girl was chained on all fours in a circle of 10 or so of Rafale’s friends, to be theirs to do whatever they desired to her at that time. Rafale obliged, and the two of them took on all of those men for hours. Dasha confided later that she cared about Natasha, and was worried that she wouldn’t be able to handle it. Natasha appreciated the gesture, although part of her was angry that she didn’t get to be the complete center of attention, and the two of them became very close. 

Hard times had be fallen Rafale, and he had to sell two of his slaves. To protect the rest of his holdings, as much as he did not want to, he would have to get rid of his two highest prizes, Dasha and Natasha, because they would fetch the highest price. He imagined that the they would easily command $30,000 each or above. He had moved them to a private location, to themselves, to prepare them for auction. The auction was exclusively members only, to people that Rafale had networked with over the years, very wealthy men with money to burn.

The door to the dark room burst open, and two of Rafale’s employees walked in. They were dressed in all black, and hooded. Rafale took no chance that any woman might escape, and identify one of his group. They were both carrying the ankle and wrist chains that the slaves wore when transported. They were completely, silent, never saying a word. Both women knew to stand and bow their heads when the guards came. It was hot in the room where they were kept, and sweat was glistening on their skin. 

The guards shackled their legs and wrists, and blindfolded them. Natasha kept quiet, but she was very nervous and apprehensive about the entire affair. She hoped that her and Dasha would be purchased together, but she knew that was very uncertain at best. Most of these guys were so utterly clumsy sexually that they could barely handle one girl, let alone too. If you face facts, if they knew anything what to do with women, it’s highly likely that most of them wouldn’t buy one.

Although the blindfold made it completely dark, she knew when they were led onto the stage. The lights were hot, and already sweating, it made her sweat even more. She could hear the voices of the men as they were led in. They were raucous and loud, shouting at them and calling them names. Though frightening, it was strangely arousing to her. She could feel her body tingling ever so slightly, as it did anytime something turned her on. Natasha was a completely sexual being, and she had been for some time. She didn’t even know how to let her mind control the urges of her body, as if that part of her brain, sexual self-control, did not exist. The drug, whatever it was helped, and she felt numb and very sensitive at the same time.

The guards took their manacles and locked them to two hooks on the floor, so that they could not move their feet. Then a chain was run to the cuffs, and locked in place as well. The chain was short enough that they had to bend slightly, completely motionless. She heard Rafale’s voice as he described them to the crowd, but it seemed distant and she couldn’t understand everything that he said. She did hear certain words though…slut…anal….deep throat…lesbian… He was describing the things that she could do, as he did with Dasha. She could almost feel the men roaring and laughing as they got excited. She heard his asking price, $30,000. It almost shocked her that he would demand so much, thinking that he could never sell either one of them at that price, but she was flattered. It pleased her somewhere in the back of her mind that he though highly enough of her to want so much to let her go.

It was difficult for her to concentrate, but she could hear the sounds of chains rattling next to her, and Dasha groaning. She heard men’s voices very close, and she knew that Dasha must be getting examined. The examinations of slaves were often the most violating and crude part of any of it. The men treated them like pieces of meat. They poked, prodded and groped them with clumsy, rough force. She heard the loud sound of hands meeting flesh, and she could hear a muffled scream from Dasha’s mouth. They were obviously spanking her to see how her flesh responded to strikes and blows. Natasha wriggled. The sounds of Dasha being molested by these men, not even 6 feet away from her was arousing her quite a bit. She could her clit starting to stiffen and erect.

One of the men must have heard her movement, and rushed over. He abruptly grabbed her by the hair and shoved a finger in her pussy. “Whoa!” he exclaimed. He apparently expected some resistance, but Natasha was wet, and his middle finger easily slid in her almost to his hand. Instinctively, she flexed around him, mostly for her pleasure, but she knew that he would like it. “This one is a live one!” he yelled, to the enjoyment of those around her. He reached a hand in front, tightly grasping her breasts, and pinching her nipples while he fingered her. The pain she felt was exquisite, it felt like he was sticking needles in her, and she did not want him to stop. Other men came and joined him, running their hands over her skin, feeling on her breasts and between her thighs.

After a few minutes of this, what felt like hours, she heard a man call out, “I will pay $80,000 for both of them if they will take on the entire room right now.” Immediately the room fell silent. The motion stopped, as everyone peered at the gentleman who had stood up from the back of the room.

Rafale paced for a moment. He did not normally allow this sort of thing, a free-for-all during an auction, but it was a lot of money on the table. After a moment of thinking, he said, “You sir, have a deal. But understand this, there are 30 men in this room, and you will pay, regardless of their condition once they are done.”

The unidentified bidder nodded in agreement. Although still blindfolded, Natasha could almost feel Dasha looking over at her in bewilderment at the course of events. Neither woman knew what would happen to them, but it was not in their hands to decide. They would have to do their best to be as pleasing as possible.

“Guards,” Rafale said, “Release their chains.” The guards stepped in and unchained them, but there was little freedom. Both women were surrounded by the crowd of men. It was getting very hot. The men herded them together, until the two slaves were standing back to back with one another. They remained silent, but breathing heavily. Sweat was dripping from their bodies. Natasha felt what seemed like a thousand hands ranging over her body, fingers entering her mouth, pussy, and ass. Dasha gripped on to her hand tightly, until suddenly she was pushed down to her knees. Natasha heard muffled, slurping noises as a cock was shoved into her friend’s mouth. Dasha was occasionally making gagging noises, and she could hear her breath coming in ragged, deep gasps. These men were choking her with their cocks, forcing her to suck them deeply.

“Don’t forget about this one,” she heard an unidentifiable voice say. Almost immediately, Natasha felt hands grab her wrists, forcing her down onto her back on the wooden stage. “Hold her open,” she heard another one say. Now hands held her wrists and ankles, her legs spread in the air, ass raised slightly. The moment was frightening, but extremely erotic to her, as she could not move any part of her body. She felt the wetness from her pussy running down to her ass, and she was wide open from the fingers that had been inserted in her.

A hand delivered a stinging slap to her engorged clit. She wriggled as much as she could, the hand kept striking her across her pussy, clit and ass, spreading her juices all around her crotch. The skin was burning, and she could feel her labia swelling slightly. Through all of this, she could hear the sound of a zipper, and she knew what was coming. She was anxious and ready to be penetrated. The most exciting thing for her was that she had no idea what was coming, whether it would be a large cock or a small one. It didn’t matter, because she knew that she could stretch to take a large cock, or she would squeeze her pelvis as tight as she could for a small one. 

Her mind was focused on cumming when she felt him enter her. It was an average sized dick, but he was pumping at her furiously. The hands on her ankles relaxed a bit to let her body move, which it did. She felt herself about to cum when his pace slowed and he stroked her deeply. She squeezed him with all her might to make him cum, which he did within seconds. He had lasted only a minute or two, filling her with his fluids. She reached over and felt for Dasha, as the next man climbed on top of her and started to fuck her. 

Dasha was getting mercilessly used, but she was strangely silent, even though she was on all fours, one man underneath her in her pussy, and another on top filling her ass. Natasha knew that Dasha was in the trancelike state that she had seen her in before. The only way it could be described is a complete, sustaining pleasure that rendered you paralyzed to control what was around you: you became addicted to the invasion of your body and the feeling of pleasing others, and it became so pleasurable to you that you did not dare move, lest the euphoria would burst like a bubble.

Natasha had little time to think about Dasha, because two other men were roughly pawing at her, pinching her nipples, as some stranger pounded her from behind. Her pussy felt wet and sloppy, filled with cum from the previous man. The one fucking her now was trying to stick his finger in her ass. It hurt a bit, but that was only from the nervousness of this event. Rafale had taken her anally many times before, and she had come to enjoy it. She sensed that it would be a bit more brutal affair today however, but she was calm and not terribly afraid of it.

She heard Dasha making a muffled, gagging sound and glanced over. There was one man lying on his back, and another behind her. She was being double penetrated, while a third man had a hand full of her hair, ramming his cock into her throat. Natasha closed her eyes and listened to the sounds of her friend gagging and sputtering, while the men were cheering, and swearing obscenities at them. It was the most animalistic, savage sexual encounter that she had ever envisioned. 

There were men all around her, and she was losing track of time. She was sure that she and Dasha would be fucked by most all of them before they were done. She estimated that perhaps 30 minutes or so had passed. She had swallowed so much cum that she was beginning to feel full, she was surprised that it hadn’t made her ill. Her pussy was a wet, swollen mess, semen oozing freely from her, as well as from her ass, which was numb from be punished by several men. Dasha was whimpering and begging for them to stop. She looked at her once again and saw a man with her his hand around her neck, while another continued to fuck her mouth. She saw him grab Dasha’s nose to make her inhale through her mouth while he came. Tears were streaming down her face as she choked and coughed, his semen dripping from the corners of her mouth. This was more than Natasha had ever imagined would happen to them. 

After countless minutes and several more men inside her pussy and her mouth, Natasha heard Rafale’s voice.

“Enough gentlemen!!” he called out. The crowd went silent, and she felt the hands that held her release, allowing her to collapse to the floor. It was amazing how well behaved they were for a pack of wild animals, she thought. She crawled over to Dasha, who was laying supine on the floor. She touched her body, and felt her skin red hot, sticky cum on her breasts and stomach. Almost to her surprise, Dasha wasn’t crying or quivering, rather writhing and moaning. She had thoroughly enjoyed the experience. If they were allowed to remain in each other’s company later, Natasha thought, she would love to pleasure Dasha with her mouth, tasting the cum of all of those men inside of her….

“Natasha! For the last time get up!!!!” There was a pounding on the door.

“Huh?” Natasha said sitting up in her bed, dazed and disoriented. She looked at the clock. It read 7:00am, and she knew that was her mother at the door.

“You’re going to be late for school again!” her mother yelled through the door.

“Uh, ok, mom, I’m up now!” Natasha stuck a finger between her legs. Her panties were completely soaked.

“Damn, fucking wet dreams,” she whispered to herself collapsing back in her bed.