 Hopefully at the end you get time to vote or leave a comment. Please don't just flame but leave constructive criticism. To warn everyone this is a MFF group sex story. One guy and two women while other stuff may take place it's not gone into with any detail. There is anal and rimming and neither of the women are "The hottest thing ever" as most stories seem to incorporate. Just don't want to waste anybodies time.

Also it starts out without quotes but they come up after the back story.

-------------------------------

Things had transpired that couldn't even begin to be understand and yet beyond the old stand by, this being a dream, I could only accept it as reality. The idea of drugs occurred to me as a very likely possibility and looked at the kitchen table where the remnants of the meal still sat and then at the mixed drinks we'd been sipping on for the last three hours. It could be in any of that but it was just as illogical because my wife had been the one to prepare the meal and I'd been in charge of the blender. Something at the factory which made the alcohol maybe? Some ecstasy, or mild dose of acid, or that truth serum I always heard talked about on TV.

The conversation at the diner table had pretty much begun all about sex. The three women starting it and eventually us guys were all in on it. Eating and pointing out different facts about our spouses or ourselves. Now that I thought about it maybe there had to be some kind of drug involved. Pretty much right after we started eating the conversation had taken on a rather truthful form. Either that or maybe it was the old adage, the truth shall set thee free, working on us. Admissions rolled out one right after another with no sign of stopping until we completely bore every last detail of our sex lives, past or present.

John and Lisa. David and Carrie. My wife, Sara, and I, Peter. We had all had a good relationship a normal one as far as couples go. John and David bragged to me about their sex lives and so I knew a hint of what was admitted to. Sara had told me stuff that her two friends had told her about their sex lives and so I knew a little more. There was some teasing and flirting that went around the group and at first it sort of bothered me but eventually I grew at ease with it. Maybe the rampant flirty was unusual, I couldn't say. Adding to that the once or twice anytime that we all got together one girl would kiss another or touch the others boob or something like that.

While I rarely looked at Carrie or Lisa I knew it was much the opposite for David and John. They must almost always be staring Sara up and down for the amount of times I catch them looking. The flirting always seemed to be them tossing compliments to my wife and her eating them up as she always did. David did toss a few comments at Lisa, mainly about her boobs, but not much beyond that. John was pretty similar. If not appreciating my wife verbally or visually he was attached to Lisa, his own wife. That pretty much meant that Carrie got the fewest comments from John or David when we were all together. Lisa seemed to make up for it though always saying stuff about Carrie's boobs, even though they looked perky but sort of small for her size to me, and grabbing at them. I dropped a few compliments Carrie and Lisa's way whenever I thought Sara was getting too much attention but mainly it was just for the purpose of keeping it even. It just seemed normal to us and while the conversation started out as an extension of that it had quickly grown and pushed to places it had never gone before. Complete admission.

As far as all of us went, I knew that Sara and I were the best looking couple both of us slim and athletic as well as more attractive. That's not to say that the others were not or that I was arrogant. I was just confident in what I was all about. Confident in the hotness of my wife. Sara was five foot six with B-cup tits and a compact little rump. Black hair and brown eyes with natural olive complexion of her Italian heritage. She was sexy and beautiful and eye catching. When she was horny she was pretty good in bed too and when she was horny she always let me know it. Me I am defined and buff without any extreme to me. Handsome I'd been told all my life with black hair and blue eyes. Sexually I thought of myself as pretty capable with a good amount of stamina and even though Carrie never took advantage of it there were times were I thought I could turn around and fuck her again right at the heels of the first. A six and a half inch cock, in my head I claimed the half inch that was there but if I had to say it I'd simply say six, as it sounds immature to say six and a half.

The next down would have to be John and Lisa despite her being a little on the chubby side she was absolutely adorable in attitude and physically. Naturally red hair but she dyed it with darker red streaks and was just as bubbly and bouncy as her body was. Big breasts and she didn't mind at all showing them off, the cleavage at least, lower was almost always tight pants that hugged her plump ass cheeks with pride. It was clear she had a bit of a gut on her but she always wore tops or outfits that hugged her midsection tightly, diminishing the undesirable area into something easily overlooked. I didn't like a fat chick as much as the next guy, rolls and flabby arms a big turn off, but if a woman was just amplified by the extra weight I was more than happy to look fondly. John was about my height and general build, although maybe arrogantly I didn't think he was as defined as me, just with a rather plain face and dusty blond hair. Cock size I couldn't attest to. Large or small but it probably wasn't huge. Lisa had admitted tonight that big cocks weren't everything, that what was everything was how it was used. I couldn't believe John was tiny but thought he was average at best, he never really bragged about that area.

Lastly was Carrie and David who back when we first met them had been a pretty slim couple. David had let himself go a lot more than his wife had and seeing him last summer at the lake had showed his beer gut and completely unseen muscles. He was a really nice guy though and would go way out of his way to make sure somebody else was happy. Here I knew that David was somewhat endowed and by most estimates it was in the eight inch range. He'd had a bad break-up with an ex and she'd said something to the effect of "For having a dick so big you sure are lousy in bed." If a woman who hated him said something like that it had to be true and not just his bragging. Yet Carrie had agreed with Lisa when she said it was not about size it was how it was used, then again that might go to prove that even though it had been years David might still be unskilled with his man cannon. Carrie had been more appealing when she was skinnier but at most she'd gained ten pounds and while it had fleshed her out a little more it hadn't seemed to settle in any one area. Long brown hair and she had a Kirsten Dunst like effect to her (You know in one position, with certain expressions on her face, or in certain light she looked hot. Then she'd suddenly be back to her normal and very different looking self, not ugly but not as hot as she had been.) ranging from appealing to tolerable. When Carrie was appealing it was because she looked suddenly ten plus years younger and when she looked tolerable she looked her normal thirty-something self. Sort of a large nose and from what I seen nothing to momentous in the tit or ass departments.

The admissions kept coming for about three hours ranging from small quirks to near divorce causing news. Yet somehow nothing was reacted to with anger. Or no open yelling and outright anger. Disagreements between couples should have ended the conversation quickly enough but they didn't. Likes and dislikes could have ended it as well. But despite if somebody agreed with what somebody else liked the admission just kept coming. It was probably the most adult (in both senses of the word) conversation I'd ever had in my life. All for seemingly no reason but the alignment of the stars and moons. Call and astrologer and ask them for as good as a reason as any.

Lisa told us all that she was practically a nympho and pretty much wanted it all the time. The red headed BBW shaking her head and shrugging her shoulders as she explained how she was pretty much horny twenty four seven. That sometimes she masturbated two or three times in a day and then was still ready and willing for John when he got home. John added that on weekends they'd do it twice a day, morning and night, plus watching her masturbate around lunch time. Laughing as he admitted that recently he'd find himself falling asleep and waking up with Lisa still riding his dick. That he'd put three or four condoms on so he couldn't really feel her and let her get all the fun she wanted, feeling just enough to keep hard. She said while she had wonderful orgasms the urge for more was back always within minutes. That most of the time she was walking around thinking when she could get it next. If people would notice her slip off and masturbate or if John would be willing and able for a quickie somewhere.

Lisa's over abundant desire for sex seemed balanced though David didn't care to have sex but every other day. Saying that if he did it more than that it just didn't feel as good, that if felt dull and he remarked damn near dull (as in boring). I told him that he seemed to be on the same schedule as Sara and surprisingly enough she admitted to being on the same page if not more so as David. She had no desire or urge at all unless twenty-four hours or more had passed since her last orgasm. That while it still felt good when it was happening that she really had to fight herself to allow it to happen in the first place. That was news to me sadly enough as John, Carrie, and I agreed that daily was a good system and more or less whenever convenient or inconvenient.

Lisa and John fessed up that they did anal and only anal every Sunday laughing and calling it, Bumday. Sara and I had tried it a few times, which we admitted to, but only once had it really been pleasurable for both of us. Carrie was dead set against it but refrained from calling names since the rest of the group seemed okay with it. Anal sex admissions led to analingus admissions and once again everyone but Carrie admitted to trying it. John and Lisa licking each others backdoor on Sunday (Bumday) while David had tried it on a past girlfriend. I'd licked Sara's asshole when the mood struck me but she'd never returned the favor. Of course I'd never asked keeping it a secret until today that a past girlfriend had done it to me as a regular part of blow-jobs, a pleasurable addition.

Once more John and Lisa led everyone in another crazy kink, exhibitionism. Not having a set day for it for this but doing it rather regularly. Mostly in the car at the local grocery store. That I already knew because John had bragged of this before. What he hadn't mentioned was the fucking in store bathrooms and once in the Adults Only room of the local video hut. Fucking even when a guy walked in and watched them while he picked out a video only leaving when John dumped a load on Lisa's face. That guy had even snapped a picture of her cum covered face with his cell phone. John said he wasn't worried about anybody finding it because he'd been so turned on with an audience that he'd masked her face with a load that would make Peter North jealous. Carrie and David admitted to once doing it at the local park just a little bit into the woods behind a screen of bushes. This seemed like something Carrie liked because her blue eyes glowed as she told of watching people walk by and clamping her teeth into her arm to keep quiet.

With exhibitionism, Sara and I were the lame ducks on this. Admitting that we'd done nothing that wasn't inside the safety of our own place and even before each other had never had anything close to exhibitionist type feats. Although on the flip side our family members had placed us as the audience or voyeurs of their exhibitionism. I told of driving my older brother around in the car and stealing glances of him and his girlfriend as they messed around in the backseat. That was pretty much where my sexual education came from everything from BJs, to carpet munching, to several different positions. (As well as driving while completely distracted.) Sara's was a little more intense and one I'd heard before. Her younger sister just turning eighteen and Sara having to stand watch because Mary HAD to loose her virginity before she blew out her birthday candles. The party had already started when Mary had decided this and the only place they could get to meant Sara had to be right in the room as Mary got fucked, watching out a window to warn if somebody came up the steps. Sara said she ended up guiding the two hopeless youths more than she did any guard duties. I thought it was hot that Sara could be so completely at ease with watching her sister get naked and guiding her on how to properly fuck and be fucked.

That all of us masturbated at least once a week. Lisa obviously winning the prize for highest average with David getting the lowest number of only once. Sara completely surprising me by saying she did it twice a week which seemed at odds with her earlier statement of wanting it only so often. I did it about twice a week as well when I knew there would be no convenient time in Sara and my work scheduler or she had just not seemed interested. John saying he masturbated once a week for sure because Lisa liked to watch him do it and on the two nights a week him and Lisa didn't get to see each other at all because of work. Carrie coming in second saying one way or another she got off daily. Everyone admitting that we had some form of porn to watch for these alone times. Lisa saying that while she watched porn she was usually so horny that she didn't at all need it.

Little stuff too. Carrie thought she could have an orgasm from just having her nipples sucked on, but that David had never tried. Lisa had the best orgasms only when she was on top and it didn't even matter if she was diddling her clit or not. Lisa and Sara saying they both liked getting their asses slapped during sex. John admitted to liking his nipples, his balls, and his toes being sucked on. David laughing said that when Carrie got it really good she was a screamer and when she got normal sex she was still loud. Lisa and John of course had to add they were dirty talkers. Sara admitting to liking a little naughty talk as well but liked it in whispers and limited to descriptions of how she good she was making the guy feel. I fessed up to the complete inability to do it in the dark or under a sheet. Everyone else saying it didn't bother them but I just HAD to see what I was doing or might as well be masturbating, and I couldn't even do that without porn.

Orgies surprisingly enough was a subject that my own wife knew more about than everyone else, Lisa included. Sara admitted that a good six or seven times one of her old boyfriends had allowed his roommate to join them in the bedroom. Telling the tale of how the two guys had given it to her as only two guys could. Even more that once they'd had a third but he'd cum before she could do more than wrap a fist around his cock. I admitted to not liking that system at all but that it must be appealing to some guys. While I could accept partner swapping the act of sharing one woman seemed to close and to much on the border of homosexuality. Call it homophobia or whatever but I just didn't want to be so close to another guy. I wasn't afraid that I'd suddenly realize I was gay. No, it was a total turn-off to me plain and simple. About the same as getting shit on or maybe even outright punched in the face. Sure some people liked that but that didn't mean there was something wrong for them for not liking it.

John and David shrugged this off both of them saying if the chick was hot enough then they wouldn't mind at all to share her. Lisa admitted to being interested, but never exploring having two guys, because it was a little gay and guy on guy didn't turn her on. That the porns she watched with this type of scene in it she was usually worried that the two guys would suddenly start on each other in some way. Carrie was with me all the way. Shaking her head and sneering a little rudely at the others saying a Dual Dicked Threesome was a straight guys excuse to explore his bisexuality. I had to laugh despite being a little freaked from the fresh news that Sara had been double penetrated and had never bother to tell me about it. Being fucked by two guys was something that had to be admitted to before going into a marriage, I was sure I had seen that before.

All the gay talk of course led into lesbian talk and Carrie admitted she'd much rather see twelve hours of lesbian porn or even be involved in a lesbian act than watch two gay guys. Sara said another woman was fun to tease the guys with but not something that she was at all interested in. Lisa of course as we all knew already had been heavily into women before John and even said recently she'd slept with her old college roommate and sent some video clips to her hubby. This was another item John had shared with me. Lisa and Carrie laughed after looking at each other for a minute and then admitted to fingering each other once and masturbating in the same room or bed as each other two or three dozen times. This idea seemed to intrigue me and John more than David who looked aghast and said that a two women threesome should be the same as a two man. As long as they paid complete attention to the member of the opposite sex and ignored each other it was acceptable.

The biggest stuff that had come out was the stuff about cheating. Lisa admitted that she'd cheated on every guy she'd ever dated including John. John had shrugged his shoulders when she said this but had said he'd never done that himself. She said she didn't like it about herself but that it had been a bad time between her and John and that they had gone two weeks without sharing the same bed and she'd fucked around with a neighbor. She'd admitted it to him and it had somehow made them grow more close, him realizing how much he loved her when she might be moving on. Carrie and David said they'd cheated on each other early on in their relationship. Both with exes and that while it wasn't planned it had occurred in the same week. Carrie admitting further that two years ago she'd slept with the same ex again and judging by how she said it and Dave's reaction, it was the first this bit of dirty laundry was aired. Sara admitted to cheating on two of her past boyfriends, one just kissing another guy and the other going all the way. She also came out with the fact that she had gone to the house of one of her co-workers and the only thing that had stopped her from going in was that I'd called her. This was also news to me sadly enough and added to it was that it had occurred only a week ago. I was silenced as I struggled to process this just shaking my head when they asked if I'd ever cheated before.

By this time we were all in the TV room with the cleaning up of the dinner table ignored in the spirit and heat of the conversation. Shocked to my core as I was that Sara had nearly cheated on me the sexual energy in the room sort of pushed those emotions off. It also made me remove the Respect For My Friend's Blinders to their wives and really look at them beyond the most cursory fashion. Rating how good fucking them would be and with the new information how good in bed they would be. As certain as I was that it was going to happen I somehow missed how it did. Suddenly realizing that plans who wanted to do what and who wanted to do whom were put forth. I blinked and looked around at them all David the most eager as he was on his feet first.
