 Sherry rented a cottage, just like so many others. She just had to get away, from her everyday life, her loneliness, her body aching for that "feeling". Finally she just had to just go, she found her self here, on this beautiful beach, surrounded by beautiful everything. The flowers, the animals even the people. 

Sherry felt out of sorts but she remained. She took pictures, read, wrote stories, and just took in the beauty, until one night...

As the lovers became exhausted and rested together on the blanket, laughing and talking; somewhere off in the shadows, was a presence they hadn't even noticed during their lovemaking. Kimmie being too satisfied and glowing and Rob tracing his fingers over her glistening skin, remained relaxed and refined, so, neither even felt her there.

She watched them, Couldn't help herself. She tried to walk away the minute she saw the girl approach. But she could not, instead she just watched...He was magnificent so gentle and strong, yet willing and able and the woman seemed young and fragile but watching her open to him and feast with him, the whole thing was such an overpowering feeling she could not leave. So, she stayed in the shadows and watched. Felt that feeling build that she has had to satisfy for so long by herself, but took advantage on the scenario and joined the lovers as they orgasmed several times. Sherry had no idea how long she had watched them, how long they lasted. She had never experienced such a sexual appetite much less knew one could exist...

Sherry watched as the two lovers, started laughing and walking away, naked in each others arms. Carrying their things back to their cottage, so full of satisfaction, so much lust she could almost smell it. 

When Sherry got home, restless, horny she decided to develop pictures and try to relax...

The next day Sherry sat at in at the kitchen table staring down at the pictures she could not remember taking. They were of the lovers in various positions, various kisses, naked poses of both the magnificent and the beautiful young woman. She had no idea when she took, couldn't remember the camera ever even focusing of the two lovers. She made her mind up, grabbed the pictures and camera and headed for the door.

Standing in front of the cottage she saw the lovers going into last night, she started to turn to leave, when HE walked out the door right into her and the pictures went everywhere. In an awkward moment they stood and stared; at each other, at the pictures; back and forth.

When he started to laugh...she closed her eyes, turned beet red and started to turn and leave the pictures right there and her embarrassment with them.

She heard the beautiful woman come out when, the man hollered for her calling her Kimmie. She kept walking when he grabbed her. Sherry stopped and turned to look at him. My names Rob and it looks like we should know each other. I could hear Kimmie talking giggling and carrying on but had no idea what she was really saying, trapped by his eyes, his body and the grip of his hand.

"I just, uh, was on the beach and well I take pictures of beautiful things...(turning red) (struggling for words). I didn't mean to take them, but I somehow did and well, I wanted to give them to your and your wife." Rob just stood there holding her by the arm with this grin on his face. Sherry wanted to disappear.

When he finally spoke to her, her female organs drenched her panties; she could just expire in his voice.

"Kimmie is not my wife, and they are very good." Rob said, still smiling, "Did you like what you saw, she is very pretty." 

"I, well yes she is, and you are very appetizing, (Shit, under her breath) I mean very nice to look at and admire yourself."

Full smile, (Cat that ate the canary), what has she done??

Kimmie walks over. "Did you take these?" 

"Yes." Sherry Replied

"I think we need to see how much, want to take more?" Rob asked

He walked behind Kimmie, kissed her neck and pulled him to his front, rubbing his hands down we neck, chest, playing with her breasts, down her sides and traced between her legs. Sherry just stood and watched. Kimmie leaned back and Rob, looked at Sherry. She raised her camera and started taking pictures.

Rob raised Kimmie's shirt, revealing her breasts, kissing her neck and rubbing her body. Kimmie was making small soft sounds, reaching behind her, touching Rob anywhere she could. He turned her around kissed her deeply and started to remove her shorts. Standing there, she was so beautiful, naked in all her glory, Rob feeling every inch of her skin. Sherry was taking pictures, but was getting very excited at the very real picture she was watching. 

"Sherry, come here." Rob said

She shook her head, stood there, staring at his hands on Kimmie. Watching him so intently. She watched Kimmie reach her mouth open and start licking Rob's neck. "Mmmm, Kimmie." Sherry took a picture. Rob placed his hands on Kimmie's ass, and pulled her into him. 

"Rob, more, come on baby." 

"Sherry, come here, now, over here, behind me," Rob said "Put the camera down and come here, you want to be with me, let me show you."

She went to him. Rob turned Kimmie around to face forward, and grabbed Sherry by the hand bringing her around behind him. Put her hand on his hip, bringing her hard against the back of his body. The sun hitting their bodies, Rob between the two women. That was all the invitation anyone of them needed. Sherry started running her hands on his body, trying to get to the buttons of his shirt, wanting so very badly to touch his flesh. He turned, faced her, he kissed her deeply and Kimmie reacted in the same fashion, turned her naked body pressed to his back. Touching his shoulders, his back, kissing him from behind. 

He watched Sherry's eyes as her removed her clothes with the same caress he had used with Kimmie. Sherry reached for his, she finished undoing the buttons and reached up to remove his shirt, when Kimmie grabbed her hands and together removed his shirt. Sherry unbuttoned his shorts and unzipped them and again, Kimmie helped her remove them in a slow erotic motion. As they stood naked, the three of them a heat built that could not be denied.

Sherry put her arms next to his waist, pulled Kimmie close to his body, watching his eyes, fill with lust. She felt Kimmie's hands as she did the same with her waist. They rubbed their bodies together like that for a long time, no words, just the feel. Rob kissing the women deeply, turning between them, all Parties hands roaming, feeling and touching. 

When Rob turned back to Sherry, she started kissing his neck, his chest his nipples, moving down his stomach. She knew he was hard she had felt him every time their bodies touched, it was too much, and she wanted to taste him. She went to her knees and kisses his head, gently. Kimmie came around and stood behind her, and began touching Rob's chest and mouth, placing her fingers mimicking as Sherry took his hot cock deep in her mouth, slowly gently...exploring and tasting. Sherry reached between his legs and ran her finger nails down his ass, the traced his balls. Kissing his hot cock, tasting him when the liquid found his head. 

They pulled apart as Rob set Kimmie on her knees and spread her legs, he got on all four and watched as Sherry lay flat on the ground and reached for him, and began to suck on his hot hard cock some more. When she heard the moans and gentle, whimper she leaned her head to back and watched as Rob's tongue entered her pussy, his fingers spreading her lips. She reached and took Rob's head in her mouth; her hand slid down her body into her own pussy and started to rub. Sucking him, listening to Kimmie's moans.

Rob pulled away from her and Kimmie. Laid on his back pulled Kimmie down for a deep kiss, then pulled her on top of him and started kissing her breasts, rubbing her body. He moved her legs wide, and pushed her back, she immediately found his cock deep in her pussy. Started playing with her breasts, rubbing her body. He looked over and saw that Sherry was rubbing her breasts and pussy, watching them. Kimmie stopped as he reached out and took Sherry's hand and brought her to him, kissed her deeply then he had her straddle his face and he began to lick, suck and nibble on her pussy. 

She faced Kimmie now and watched as she rode that hard hot big dick and studied her body. She reached forward circled two fingers around the base of Robs cock, where Kimmie's pussy was soaking him. Riding him hard and hot, they reached each other and touched and explored... More and more. The three of them continued this pace, Sherry and Kimmie switched places. 

As Sherry felt him with in the depth of her, she started riding him a little faster with every stroke until she screamed with an orgasm that took her breath away. A few seconds later Kimmie came followed by Rob. They all three collapsed in a pile, together and satisfied.