 "Whatever! I can do what I want!"

"I'm not trying to tell you what to fucking do!"

"Fuck it, you stupid bitches, let's do this!"

It was a busy night in the bar, and I was tossing bottles and making weird ass drinks for a crowd of college assholes. I'm a bartender. Some of these people are fine. I get that. But, Jesus, some of them are just so full of shit I want to take a bottle and smash it upside their head. You know? Ah, well. It's a living.

The "conversation" that was filling the air right now was between three little bimbos who should have known better by now. Everyone in this bar was over twenty-one, or Jeff at the door wouldn't have let them in. He's an ex-Marine and he takes no crap from anyone. Actually, as he would say, once a Marine, always a Marine. But, anyway, that meant that all of these idiots should be old enough to act like adults.

The thing is, this was our Wet Tee-shirt Night. And I guess the ladies yelling at each other were discussing whether to participate or not in the fun. It was going to start in twenty minutes or so. Jeff kept a head count. The last he gave me was about sixty people inside. There were some five times as many men here tonight as women. Actually, that's a common ratio, except on Ladies' Night. But these guys were ready for a show, and the women were building up their nerve to get up on the stage and let us all see what they had.

"Hey, barman. We need something to drink here. Your choice."

It was the loud blond. I made them three Manhattans and took their money. Then they walked away, still discussing the situation, but a little quieter now. She was a pretty little thing, I had to admit, even if a little loud.

When it came time for the contest to begin, I saw that all three of the girls I had served earlier were up on the stage. Apparently they had all decided to test the waters, so to speak. There were some ten girls there. All were wearing shorts and tee-shirts, of various types. Jeff and two other bouncers were now standing by at the sides of the stage, just in case it got a little rowdy. Most of the ordering was stopped now, with the men all intently watching what was going on there on the stage.

The manager of the bar was acting as a Master of Ceremonies of sorts. He always enjoyed it. We had this contest every month or so during the college year. It was a money maker for the owners and was popular as hell. It could get out of hand if we didn't control it. But Jeff was always in control. I didn't have any worries about that. I sat back on my stool and watched.

It started out as usual with several guys squirting water with hoses. The stage had a large plastic wading pool kind of contraption that captured all the water. The girls were posing up there hoping to be voted the sexiest. That was the point for them. They could win a hundred bucks. The point for all the dudes was to see tits. Wet tits under wet tee-shirts, and if they were lucky, and the girls got frisky, naked wet tits.

They often did get a charge out of the attention. It was not unusual to see lots of bare breasts. I actually looked forward to these nights myself. I was a man, the same as the rest. Jeff and his crew were in control, but they liked it too. They had told me that several times. It hadn't really got too raunchy yet. But we never knew. For that reason we were always on the look out for police. You could always tell if they were there. A plainclothes cop would buy one drink, and then nurse it all night.

We were authority free tonight. Jeff and the boss had made sure of that. So just about anything could go, as long as the ladies were happy and the audience didn't get out of hand. The show was proceeding and all the tits were wet now. The guys and gals in the crowd were cheering and begging the ladies to show their breasts. A few were starting to do so, and there were lots of happy faces.

A few in the crowd were now asking the ladies to reveal a little more. It was not unusual for them to want to see some pussy. Seldom did that occur. We really didn't have a policy against it. We just wanted to make sure that nothing got out of hand, and no lady was ever forced to do anything they didn't want to do. That was rule number one. Anyone acting inappropriately was booted, quickly. No one had been tonight, so far.

"Hey, blondie. Show me some pussy and I'll show you some cock."

"Yeah, anyone up there. Pussy would be nice. We won't bite."

"If you guys want to see anything then drop your pants. Right ladies? I want to see cocks before I show my lady stuff."

The guys in the audience and the girls on stage were trading comments like that. It wasn't unusual, but it hadn't really happened before. Maybe a little peek at a hairless cunt, but not a lot. Tonight seemed a little different. It didn't feel dangerous, or anything like that. But the sense of sensuality seemed to be stronger for whatever reason. The ladies were sexy as hell, and seemed ready for anything.

Then it started. The loud and gutsy little blond from earlier began taking off her tee-shirt completely. She threw it to some out-stretched hands, and then her shorts were coming down. I perked up. Complete nudity was new here. Hadn't happened before. And it seemed to open some kind of flood gates. The girl next to her did the same, and then they all were stripping.

Tits and pussy galore. Damn, this was an exciting turn of events. I always enjoyed the wet tee-shirts, but this was different. I was getting hard, and I bet every man in the crowd was too. The girls were starting to masturbate on stage. Some had completely bare pussies, and some still had pubic hair, in various shapes. It was all good, of course. Pussy is pussy.

"Who wants to eat my pussy? Hunh! Who wants some pussy! Get your ass up here and lick this pussy big man!"

That was the girl who had started it all. I knew she wasn't drunk, because I had served her. She was just horny as hell and wanting to show the world how fucking sexy she could be. Her girl friends were egging her on, and I could see they were getting into it too. In fact, every girl up on the stage had their own hand, and some fingers, in their pussy now.

Not only that, but looking out into the crowd I was seeing some hard peckers in some jerking hands. I looked up to the boss to see what he was thinking about all of this. I could see him talking to Jeff who had his boys on hand. They broke up, and I saw them just moving to the sides again. Apparently, as long as the ladies were in charge, the management wasn't concerned. Still, I was keeping an eye out too.

The little blond, who now took charge of it all, was gesturing to a tall guy in front. He eagerly went up to her and got into the wet pool, getting himself wet, but not caring in the least. He was down on his knees, with his face in her crotch, and was enthusiastically going to town on that pussy. As she humped her cunt into his face other men, and a couple of women, also moved forward, as the other girls gestured them in.

This was getting interesting. It would take some finesse to keep control in here, but I knew Jeff could handle it. I looked out over the crowd. Here and there, at tables and at the bar, there were others getting involved. Cocks were getting blown, and pussies were getting eaten. I even saw one young lady getting fucked on a table by her boyfriend, I assumed.

There were several who had moved to the doors and left. That was fine. This was not everyone's cup of tea. Actually, I believed it might be a good idea to close for the night. No telling who might come in and get upset by the action now taking place. I gestured to the boss that I was going to the front door to lock it. He understood and nodded his head. I closed up, put out the "Return Tomorrow at 10:00" sign, and returned to my post behind the bar. Much as I would have like to take part, I was still on the clock.

The sexiest action was happening on stage, as the young folks were making love in the water pool. The instigator of it all was still having her pussy eaten, but now it was another girl doing it. The guy who had been licking her clean was now jerking his hard prick as he stood above her. I could see several guys doing the same thing, surrounding at least two girls. The young ladies were jerking cocks, or sucking on them. As I watched spunk was flying out of dicks onto waiting faces.

Jeff and his crew were still standing by. The manager had decided he didn't want to watch anymore. He was behind one of the naked girls ramming his prick into her. I didn't know what was getting fucked, her cunt or her ass, but she was wailing loudly as it was going on. Obviously she was enjoying her moment on stage.

You would have thought it might get a little crazy, and you would be right, to a certain extent. It certainly wasn't something you would see everyday. People fucking and sucking throughout a large bar. But it was essentially a controlled orgy. Jeff was in charge, and everyone knew it. I could see faces turned towards him often as the fun continued.

And, it was fun. People were enjoying themselves. One could see that easily, even if most people had on their "having sex" faces, with grimaces, and moaning and whimpering. I was just a little jealous of these college kids having so much pleasure and not being able to join in.

Right in front of me there was a young lady sitting on a bar stool as a young man fed her his prick. She was eagerly stroking it as he attempted to fuck her mouth, but she was controlling the action. She was taking her time, because she enjoyed cock sucking, I could only assume. It went on for several minutes before he couldn't control himself and let loose with a wad of sperm. She was hungry for it, I could tell, swallowing everything he gave her.

Just a few feet away were two girls. They were into each so much that I had to think they were at least bisexual, and probably lesbians. They must have come to see the girls, as had the men in the crowd. Now they were enjoying each other. One was on a table and the other was very slowly and methodically licking pussy. I could see her tickling the clit of her friend, and then spreading the labia to get at her vagina, licking and eating all the juices that were flowing.

The one on the bottom was caressing her breasts, with large, erect nipples. The other, eating pussy, was also fingering her own cunt. She had almost her entire fist crammed into her pussy. Both were shaking so much I could easily see it. They must have been continually orgasming, over and over. To be honest, it was pleasing to see so many people really having fun with life. It didn't always happen. Sex was such a touchy subject, but tonight we were seeing a freedom that was admirable.

I rather lost track of time, but I glanced up the the "last call" clock and noticed it was time be closing down. We'd had a happening tonight for certain. But if we allowed patrons to say past time to shut down we could lose our license. I whistled at Jeff who turned, and motioned to my watch. He was quick on the uptake. He roused his two men who were absorbed in the sexual activities. Soon they were moving through the crowd, getting people stopped and moving towards the front door. It was locked, but not from the inside.

Almost everyone was looking rather guilty. This type of thing didn't happen often. And a lot of these people were feeling as if they had done something a little wrong. Perhaps they would remember it fondly later. But for now it struck most as behavior they ought to be ashamed of. Personally, I felt it had been a grand evening. It turned out a lot better than I had expected at first.

Actually, I had ended up doing a lot less work for my pay than usual. The manager was looking as if he wanted his workers to forget his sexual activities of the evening. We wouldn't, of course. But we understood. Jeff and I would've liked to have taken part. We both had a large sense of duty, and his two men had followed his example. We herded everyone out.

The last to leave were the three girls who had been arguing before the contest began. They were really pretty girls. I slipped the blond with attitude my card. She grinned at me as she stuffed it into the tee-shirt she was wearing again. I smiled back as they left.

Locking up for the night was the work of an instant. Jeff and his men were gone. The manager took me into his office.

"I think we'll just forget about this night, right, Greg? Tell you what. I'll take care of cashing out the registers this time. You go on and get home. Thanks Greg. See you next shift."

"Right boss. Your call. I'll see you later."

I left swiftly. I didn't really want to worry about the cash registers. I was happy to let him take care of it. I passed through the bar, knowing that it would need a thorough cleaning during the day. Out in the cool evening I went and started walking to my apartment down the block.

As I strolled casually towards my four-story walk up, I heard footsteps coming up behind me. I turned suddenly and there she was. The blond with attitude.

"Hey. I was waiting. Why didn't you join the fun tonight? Don't you like sex?"

"Sweetie, I love sex. But not on the job. However, as you can see, I'm not on the clock now. Are you busy at the moment?"

"Oh, you know me. I do what I want. Take me home with you barman."