 Arron and Jennifer

Arron's girlfriend Jennifer had spent the night at his place the evening prior. They had a nice quiet dinner and watched a movie on TV followed by (in his mind) a mind blowing sex session. Jennifer was still asleep but Arron was by nature an early riser. He was admiring himself in the mirror. He was about 5'10' with Sandy brown hair, he was in nice shape. He worked out about three to four times a week. He flexed his arms and admired his six pack abs. He was a bit full of himself and he knew it. 

"Good morning stud." Jennifer said. Arron turned away from the mirror and flashed Jennifer a smile.

"Good morning sleepy head. Glad to see that you're finally up." Arron said.

"I can see that I'm not the only one." Jen noticed that Arron was sporting a major hard on. He noticed her looking and grinned mischievously. He made his way over to the bed and lifted the covers up off Jennifer's nude body. Jennifer was a cute and petite Latina about 5'4' raven haired, with brown eyes and the cutest smile you ever did see. Jennifer's tits were only an A-cup but they were nice and cute with small brown areolas to boot. 

Arron hopped onto the bed and immediately placed the tip of his dick at the entrance to her pussy. He was raring to go.

"Arron, we haven't even showered or anything. I just barely woke up." Jennifer whined.

"So? You know you want it. After last night's performance I am surprised that you are not begging for it." Jen rolled her eyes at his comment. She loved Arron dearly but he really could be an arrogant asshole sometimes.

She wished that he could be a little more romantic but he was not a finesse kind of guy. Arron didn't think that he needed to finesse Jennifer into sex because they have been together for nearly a year at this point. He felt it was pretty much her duty as his girlfriend to satisfy his manly urges. 

He shoved his prick into her with a quick thrust and a loud grunt. There was no sweet talk, no fanfare he just begun pumping his cock into her cunt like a wild man. Despite the fact that she was not in the mood initially his pelvic thrusts were beginning to have their desired effect on her.

He kept pumping and humping like a man possessed and when Jennifer was starting to feel nice and good down there he decided to pull out. Jennifer mewed in protest and was about to say something when he grabbed her by the back of the head and put his prick in her open mouth.

"Oh, yeah babe you know how much I like it when you suck my dick!" Arron growled.

She didn't particularly care for performing fellatio on her man. She just couldn't get her head around (pun intended) the fact that a man urinates out of the same organ that is used for sexual pleasure. It's a good thing that Arron wasn't all that big because otherwise she would be gagging right now. He kept pumping her mouth at a frenzied pace. Jen's neck was angled at an awkward position causing it to ache a little. 

"Yeah, baby you suck it so good. I can't believe you can down my entire monster like that. You are a pro, babe." Arron grunted.

He was getting close now Jen could tell. She hoped that he would pull out before he cums because the only thing she hates worse than sucking dick is swallowing cum. He pulled out of her mouth and re-inserted himself into her vagina and howled like a madman. 

"Ah shit, here it comes baby!" He was in her balls deep and held steady while he flooded her pussy with his jism. He was out of breath now. He pulled out his quickly shrinking penis. He lay on his back with a deeply satisfied look on his face. 

Jen lay next to him staring at the ceiling completely and thoroughly dissatisfied. She was half tempted to go into the bathroom to get herself off with her dildo when he smacked her on the thigh and asked her to make him some breakfast. 

"Would you like anything else dear?" She asked sarcastically.

"Yeah grab me a beer while you're in the kitchen. Thanks babe." Arron said.

"Kind of early don't you think?"

"Babe, don't start in on me. I've had a rough week at work and I don't want any more stress right now."

"Why don't you just wait until tonight when we have dinner with Dawn and Tyrone? You can drink as much as you want because I can drive."

Arron had a blank stare on his face as if he had no idea what Jennifer was talking about.

"Oh my God. Did you forget?"

"Well, not exactly."

"What do you mean?"

"Well my buddy has tickets to tonight's game and he invited me to tag along. I was going to tell you."

"When the hell were you going to tell me? The dinner is tonight."

"Look, I'm sorry. I'll take a rain check."

"A rain check. What the fuck, Arron. You always do this shit to me."

"This is where you complain about how we never do anything together and all that jazz." He said sarcastically.

"Well we don't. Dammit, Arron I love you and I want us to spend more time together. Is that too much to ask?" Jennifer was almost in tears.

"We were together last night and right now." Arron replied.

"I don't mean you just fucking me for five minutes and then rolling over and falling asleep. I want us to go out and do stuff together. I want you to spend time with my family and to get to know my friends better." Jennifer's voice cracked.

"Look. I'm hungry so are you going to fix me up some breakfast or am I going to have to go out and grab some fast food?" Arron was clearly done with this conversation. She just stared at him in disbelief.

"Fine, I'll be back." She put on a nightshirt and some slippers and shuffled off to the kitchen to prepare some breakfast.

"And babe? Don't forget my beer. Thanks hon." Arron switched on the TV to entertain himself while he waited to be served.

Tyrone and Dawn

The two lovers were going at it fast and furious in Dawn's bed this morning with Tyrone giving it to Dawn in the doggie position. Tyrone was black, an even six feet tall, with a muscular physique and a cleanly shaved head. Dawn was about 5'6' in rubenesque shape with curly, dirty blonde hair, big delicious double-D's with a sort of mousy looking face with dimples on her cheeks.

Her tits were shaking back and forth with the ferocity of Tyrone's thrusts into her cunt. There's was a new love full of passion and lust. These two love birds fucked as much as possible. Tyrone was the best lover Dawn has ever had. His dick was her prized possession.

Slap. Slap. Slap. He was really ramming it into her now. His flesh was colliding against hers in a frenzied passion. 

"Oh God, Tyrone. You always give it to me so good baby. I am so lucky to have a big cock like yours." Dawn panted.

Tyrone was looking down enjoying the sight of Dawn's ample ass as his cock slid in and out of her drenched pussy. Dawn was beginning to scream her head off which was music to his ears. He had been hanging on to her wide pale hips as he fucked her but as they both drew closer to their happy endings he grabbed ahold of both of her massive mammaries and really started pounding the hell out of her pussy.

"Oh, God that's it baby. Yes! Yes! Yes! Oh, fucking yes! Oh my God I have never had it this mother fucking good!" She howled.

Tyrone loved it when his girl talked dirty to him. He has never been with such an insatiable nymph. None of his previous lovers have ever been able to keep up with him like she has been able to. This just made his pounding of her that much more furious.

"Come with me baby!" He growled as he unleashed a torrent of jism deep within Dawn's womb.

"Oh God me too! AAAAhhhhhh! Oooohhhhh! FUCK!!" Her body shuddered at the force of her mighty orgasm. She collapsed onto the bed and he in turn collapsed on her back. They both just lay facing down for a few minutes panting, sweaty and very satisfied.

"Uh, babe. You're crushing me with your weight." He rolled off her and onto his back.

"That was a hell of a way to start the morning, babe. Thank you so much." Dawn was in an utter state of bliss. 

"I'm hungry, babe. How about some breakfast." Tyrone asked.

"That sounds great, babe. I'll have my eggs over easy." She said.

"How about I give you some more sausage first." He teased.

"Sure. After I eat."

"Alright, I'll be back in a few minutes. Since I can't cook I'll go down the street to the diner and get us something."

"Hey, since you're going out can you stop by the store and pick up a few things?" She asked.

"What things?" He asked her.

"For dinner tonight, dummy. Jennifer and her boyfriend are coming over for dinner. I told you they were coming last night."

"Oh, yeah. I met your friend Jennifer a couple of weeks ago when I picked you up at work for lunch."

"That's right. Get a few steaks and some tequila and we should be good."

"How about I get some steaks and tequila and we tell your friends to come over some other time. I haven't seen you all week and I was looking forward to spending some time alone with you this weekend."

"Jenny is my best friend and she is coming over. I want you to get to know my friends better. Now get go get me some breakfast I'm hungry or no pussy for you later." He got dressed, kissed her good-bye and headed out. 

Dawn lay in bed for a little cat nap while she waited for her man to get back. She was feeling oh so good. She had a feeling in her gut that tonight was going to be a very special night. A night filled with good friends, good food and a good fucking from her man. 

***

Jenifer arrived at her friend Dawn's apartment for dinner that evening with a bottle of red wine. Dawn's lover Tyrone would be joining them as well. The original plan was for Jennifer's boyfriend Arron to join them but he backed out at the last minute because a friend of his had tickets to the game. Jenifer was furious at her calloused boyfriend for just brushing off their dinner date without so much as a second thought. Jennifer was determined to have a good time with her friends without him. She was dressed in a pretty black, short dress, low cut with a push-up bra accentuating her small breasts. She wore matching black heels. She had her dark hair cut in a pixie style; she wore red lipstick and blue eye shadow over her brown eyes.

Dawn greeted Jennifer at the door with a kiss to the cheek and a great big hug. 

"Thanks for inviting me to dinner, Dawn. Sorry that Arron couldn't make it but he says hi." Jennifer said. 

"It's okay. I know we'll have a good time with just the three of us. Tyrone's already here he is just getting cleaned up. Ooh! Red wine my favorite." Dawn wore her curly blonde hair in a ponytail and wore very little in terms of make-up. Just a slight touch of blush with pink lip gloss. Jen thought her friend had the prettiest green eyes. Dawn wore a tight red dress which was taught against her body showing off her full figure and her breasts were practically spilling out of the top. She wore red heels with her ensemble.

"You look really beautiful, Dawn. I love that dress. You're working it girl."

"Me? Look at you in that pretty black thing? Your legs are looking good too. Give us a twirl." Jen spun around for her friend pretending to be a model. The girls had a good laugh. Just then they heard a high pitched whistle.

"Damn both of you ladies are looking mighty fine tonight!" Tyrone walked out of the bedroom wrapped in just a towel. 

"Boy! What's the big idea walking out here like that?" Dawn hissed at him.

"I just stepped out of the shower. I didn't get a chance to finish getting ready. I heard you guys out here chit chatting and wanted to say hello to little Jen. It's good to see you again." 

He walked over to Jennifer and brought her in close for a hug pressing her face close to his muscular chest. He had spritzed on some cologne before coming out. Jennifer felt a bit flustered at being hugged so close by her best friend's nearly naked boyfriend. But boy did he smell amazing.

"It's good to see all of...you too!" She wasn't kidding. She found his muscular physique to be most impressive indeed.

"Jennifer was nice enough to bring over a bottle of red wine for dinner. Wasn't that nice? Now why don't you go and get dressed dinner is almost ready." Dawn told Tyrone.

"You got it babe." On his way to the bedroom he grabbed and squeezed Dawn's ample ass and said he was starved and was looking forward to a little sugar for dessert afterwards. She chuckled and smacked his arm telling him to behave himself. She turned her attention back to Jen with a mischievous grin and said how bad he was. 

They sipped on a couple of glasses of wine while Dawn finished preparing dinner. Tyrone joined them in due time in dress pants, sneakers and a vest with no shirt underneath showing off his bulky arms and broad chest.

"Something sure smells good." He said.

"Here have some wine babe." Dawn offered him up her glass for a taste but instead he dove in for a deep and sloppy kiss. 

"Mmmm. That is good. A very fine vintage indeed." Tyrone said.

"Boy. Will you behave yourself? Sit down so we can eat." Dawn laughed.

Jen thought it was so cute that her friends were so affectionate with each other. She missed those days with her own boyfriend. She missed that passion. The trio polished off that bottle of wine with their dinner and proceeded to chase the wine down with some shots of tequila. Jennifer was feeling pretty good and tipsy, they all were. The conversation flowed freely and a good time was being had by all. They moved to the living room to continue with the festivities where the girls decided to remove their heels and get a bit more comfy. Tyrone excused himself to use the restroom. 

"Tyrone can't seem to keep his hands off you tonight. I can't say that I blame him with that red dress you're wearing. It would drive any man wild." Jennifer said.

"Before you arrived we had a quickie. He was as horny as fuck and he still is. I wouldn't be surprised if he was in the bathroom jacking off right now." Dawn said.

"Wow! Really? Arron cums just once and then he's out for the count." 

"Girl, Tyrone can go all day and all night. That boy can never seem to get enough of it. He wanted me to call you up and tell you not to come over for dinner because he wanted to keep going. I am so spoiled. Don't even get me started on that big dick of his. Jesus. I've never been with a man that big."

"How big is he?" Jennifer was most curious.

"Girl, like maybe a good ten inches and it's as thick as fuck. I'm getting all hot and bothered just talking about it.' Dawn fanned herself with her hand and drew in a long breath.

"Damn girl. Are you serious? Ten fucking inches? Arron is maybe five and half inches on a good day. And you can take all that? It doesn't hurt?"

"The very first time it was a snug fit but now it fits like a glove. A very tight glove." The girls cackled. 

"What are you all laughing about out here?" The girls burst out laughing again.

"Nothing babe. Why don't you get us some more shots?" Dawn told him.

Tyrone went to the kitchen to grab the bottle of tequila. He poured some more shots and the trio downed them in an instant. Tyrone nestled himself on to the couch next to Dawn and brought her in for a deep, long and passionate kiss. He grabbed and squeezed one of her ample bosoms while he was at it. 

Jennifer shifted a bit uncomfortably in her seat. Her friends didn't seem to be coming up for air. She was thinking that maybe this was her cue to up and leave. She stood up not realizing how much she had actually had to drink and nearly toppled over falling onto Tyrone's lap. This caused the affectionate couple to break up their make out session. 

"You okay girlie?" Dawn burst out laughing.

"I am so sorry guys. I was just getting ready to leave." Jennifer stammered.

"You're not going anywhere sweetie. You have had way too much drink. You are spending the night with us. Okay?" Dawn told her.

"Oh, no. I don't want to impose. I can see that you guys have uh, business to take care of." Jennifer felt so embarrassed at her drunken clumsiness.

"We're not taking no for an answer. You are staying and that is that." Dawn insisted.

"Babe. If Jennifer says she's okay then leave it at that." Tyrone was clearly horny as hell and wanted to pound the shit out of his girl at this very moment and was ready to have little Jen be on her way. 

"Don't be a dick. She is staying. Honey you can come and sleep with me in my bed." Dawn said to Jennifer.

"Wait. What about me?" Tyrone whined.

"Tyrone, you're staying on the couch tonight babe. Sorry." Dawn chuckled.

"You got to be kidding me?!" He was clearly annoyed with this sudden change of plans.

"No. I'm not. Come here hon. Follow me and let's get you settled in while we leave Tyrone on the couch to pout." Dawn said.

Dawn took Jennifer by the hand and led her into the bedroom. Dawn found her an oversized shirt to slip into and pulled one out for herself. These shirts actually belonged to her boyfriend and were perfect as sleepwear for these two lovely young ladies. 

"Dawn, will you help me unzip my dress?" Jennifer turned her back to her friend. Dawn pulled the zipper down on the back of her dress. She also assisted her in slipping it off her body. Jennifer was now dressed in only a black push-up bra and black lace boy cut panties showing off her cute little ass. Dawn gave it a smack for good measure causing Jennifer to let out a little chuckle. 

"What's the big idea Dawn?"

"Maybe I think that you have a sexy ass." Dawn said. Jenifer blushed at her friend's comment.

"Do you want me to help you with your dress now?" Jennifer asked.

Dawn said yes please and turned around. Jennifer pulled Dawn's zipper down the back of her red dress and aided in her in getting out of it as well.

Dawn was now clad in only a flesh colored bra and panties. Dawn's double-D's were screaming to pop out of her top and she heeded their call. She unhooked the back of her bra and her boobs popped right out in all their glory. 

"That feels so much better." Dawn said.

Jennifer could not help but stare at her friend's glorious fleshy orbs of goodness. Dawn's large brown nips appeared to be hard.

"See something you like girlie?" Dawn asked shaking her boobs at her friend.

"I am so jealous, Dawn. You have got the nicest biggest tits that I have ever seen." Jennifer replied.

"Girl yours are cute too." Dawn told her.

"Yeah right. Mine are practically nonexistent compared to what you have." Jennifer removed her bra too.

"I'm sure Arron must have fun with those." Dawn reached out giving them a little squeeze.

"He does pay ample attention to them when we fuck." Jennifer said.

"See. Don't be so hard on yourself." Dawn said.

"I'm sure the only person feeling hard right now is your boy." Jennifer replied. They chuckled at that. 

Tyrone strolled casually into the room before the girls had a chance to slip on their shirts. Jennifer quickly covered her bare chest with Tyrone's oversized shirt. Dawn didn't make an attempt to cover up. 

"What the hell are you doing? Are you nuts? You should have knocked first." Dawn chided him.

"Oh, sorry babe. I thought you guys were decent." He sincerely seemed embarrassed at having walked in on them in their sate of undress. Dawn rolled her eyes.

"Jennifer give me a minute please. He isn't going to be happy until we take care of some business." 

She led him by the hand to the bathroom that was in their bedroom. Jen waited until they were out of sight before she quickly put on the shirt that she was using to cover her bare chest and slid into Dawn's bed and pulled the sheets over herself. She was mortified. She half contemplated leaving right then and there while her friends were preoccupied. But she thought better of it. Dawn was right in that she was way too drunk to be driving home at this hour.

It wasn't long before she heard the unmistakable sounds of coitus going on in her friend's bathroom. She heard Tyrone grunting like a wild beast and her buddy Dawn screaming her head off. Jen could not believe the sounds that were coming from in there. Her lovemaking sessions with Arron were nowhere near as intense as what was going on in the other room. She could hear the familiar smacking of flesh pounding into flesh. Jen's nipples began to harden and her pussy was nice and moist. God she was so horny. She could not recall the last time she had received a proper fucking from a man. She reached down between her legs under the sheets and began petting her hairy cookie. She breathed in heavily. She could not believe she was about to pleasure herself in her friend's bed while the very same friend was getting the dickens slammed out of her in the next room.
