 Chelsea pulled into her driveway thru the alley that ran behind her house. It was coming on 1 pm on this beautiful sunny Sunday, and she was just now getting home after staying the night at one of her girlfriend's house. She pressed the button on her visor and waited for the garage door to open. As it did, she noticed that only her mother's car was parked in the garage. Her mom was out of town on a business trip so she expected to see hers', but for her dad's to not be there was strange.

Then the idea came to her. She would have the alone time to finish what she couldn't finish at her friends house. She had left Tiffany's because in the waking hours, they had been fooling around, a common affair after going out and playing with boys, and then Tiffany's parents had come back from church. Both girls knew that they were screamers so there was no way to finish their playing, so Chelsea decided to come home, hoping a nice swim would help her cool off. 

She loved having a friend that she could mess around with if there were no promising action from the club. That's why she missed Tiffany so much. Both girls had graduated from high school and had spent the summer together, but Tiffany had left for college two weeks ago and although only two weeks, being away from someone that she had grown up with and was so intimate with for even two days was torture. She was glad that Tiffany had made the trip home. Chelsea would join her at college next year, but this year, her parents had said that she could take off from school so that she could make several cultural trips to Europe and South America.

She parked her car and wearing only the short running shorts and tank top that she had worn to sleep in at Tiffany's, walked into her kitchen via the garage. That's when she heard the TV on playing what sounded like the pre-game show to a football game, but she also heard male voices. Her heart sank knowing that now, with company, her orgasm would be postponed again. She walked into the den to find three of her father's employees (they were all friends, but her father had been promoted quicker than them) sitting on the couch. 

The large couch, which ran along the back wall of the den and faced the plasma directly, was occupied by Terry, a 39 year old white guy with a daughter two grades below Chelsea, and Trent, a 40 year old black guy with a gorgeous son who had played Varsity football at her school. On the recliner which was to the right of the large couch was Kevin. Kevin was on his 2nd marriage at only 39. Not bad. Kevin's brother was Tiffany's dad. All three were in great shape, and Chelsea had thought a naughty thought or two about all three of them on more than one occasion even though at almost 19, all of these guys were over twice her age. The small couch to the left of the large couch was vacant.

"Where's my father?" Chelsea asked.

"Holy Shit," said Terry, "you scared the hell out of me."

"Your mom called from the airport, said she caught an early flight and needed to be picked up. He just left about 10 minutes ago," said Kevin. "He told us to just stay and watch the game and he would be back by the time the second half started."

"Oh," replied Chelsea. She then walked thru the living room, in front of the plasma and then walked towards the stairs that lead upstairs. She started to go up to her room and then decided that she wanted to get something to drink and turned around and headed back down. That's when she heard the whispers. 

"God damn, she is hot." 

"Fuck yeah she is, how does Nick stand it. He's got that hot ass wife of his and that little vixen walking around all the time, I'd have a permanent hard-on."

"No doubt. Man, I wish I could fuck that just one time. Did you see those lips and that ass?" 

"Yeah, I bet she gives great head." 

"Great head, fuck, I'd love to fuck any one of her holes. I bet their all tight and wet."

Chelsea couldn't believe it. Here were her dad's closest friends talking dirty about her. She felt that familiar tingle in between her legs and started to come up with a new idea. She quietly walked back up stairs and went into her room. 

She pulled out her small white bikini, the one that never covered her ass because it kept slipping in between her cheeks and the one with the triangle top that just barely covers her nipples. It's one she bought so that she could tan outside when her parents were not home. It provided her with the least amount of coverage. She then brushed her "just-below-shoulder" length hair and applied the final touch, the shiny peach wet looking lip gloss. 

She then stepped back and looked at herself in the full length mirror. Chelsea had a great body and she knew it. She had done cheerleading for 4 years and gymnastics for 7. Her ass was tight and round and she had full, round, perky c-cup tits with full lips, but it was her eyes that got the attention. Her eyes always gave off that bedroom lust, somewhat closed look. She smiled herself a wicked smile in the mirror and said, "Now let's see how hard we can get those old man cocks!"

With that, she ventured downstairs and into the living room. She walked through like it was no big deal and headed towards the sliding glass door. She paused and looked at the guys, whose eyes were glued to her and said, "I'll be outside taking a swim if you guys need," she paused, "anything." She then flashed a sweet smile turned and tried to open the door. Finding that it was locked, she noticed that the cut up broomstick that her mom was convinced would keep anyone out was in the track of the door. She bent over at the waist, pulling the tight white fabric between the cheeks of her ass so that she could retrieve the makeshift door jam. At that very moment, the guys sitting in the room could almost swear they saw her wiggle her ass ever so slightly.

She then stood back up, opened the door and ventured out to the pool, where she dived in and began doing some laps. As she swam, she couldn't stop thinking about what they had said. They wanted her. She liked to be wanted. She also knew that her barely clad body and deliberate display of her ass must have made these older guys as hard as a virgin at a strip club. She couldn't stop thinking about the three hard cocks that were in her living room, three cocks that were hard because of her and three hard cocks, all of which could help relieve this frustration that was only getting stronger, not weaker with the swim. She decided to have more fun and see where the fun went. Her dad wouldn't be home for a while. The airport was almost an hour away and then with dealing with the bags and parking, etc, it would be a long time before her parents came home, but she couldn't wait too long....

She emerged from the pool, dripping from the water and walked up to the glass door and opened it and said, "I am so wet."

All eyes were on her, but nothing was said. She finally spoke, "so, could someone please grab me a towel from the guest bath please?" 

Terry jumped up and ran to get one. He handed it to her and she said thanks and then turned around and leaned forward, flipping her hair forward so that she could put it in the towel, but also so that these men could get another great look at her ass.

She then walked to the lounge chair and lay down upon it, feeling the hot August sun drying the last remnants of water from her tight young body. After only 5 minutes of baking in the sun, she got up, removed the towel from her hair and leaned her head back and ruffled her hair to break up the clumps. Her hair was still wet and framed her beautiful face.

She then walked back into the house and said, "It is so freakin' hot out there. I need something to drink." She saw that they all had beers and so she walked up to Kevin and said, "Can I have a drink of your beer? I'm so thirsty."

They all knew that Nick let her drink, so he handed the beer right over. Chelsea took the beer to her lips and tilted her hair back. She was standing so close to Kevin that she was practically between his legs. She knew that he was staring at her body so she just kept her head back and drank the beer till it was almost gone. Her nipples had become hard knowing that they were all lusting over her and she was sure they could tell. 

She pulled the beer from her lips with barely a sip or two left and looked directly at Kevin with a puppy dog seductive look on her face. "I'm sorry, I almost drank all your beer. Here, you can finish the rest."

He went to grab the beer but instead, she poured it down the front of her belly. She then grabbed the back of his head and brought it towards her till his face was less than an inch from her stomach. "Lick up your beer. It's ok, go ahead."

Kevin began licking the beer from her stomach, his hands coming up to her thighs for control. She let this go on for about 15 seconds, with her head back, slight moans escaping her lips, and then she pushed him back by the forehead and said, "That's enough. I said you could finish your beer, not eat the platter."

She turned around, her ass in his face and she looked at the other two. "Anyone else wanna let me have some of their beer?"

Both said, "Fuck yeah!" in unison.

She walked in front of Terry and said, "Heads, or tails?"

"Uh, heads?!?"

She drank his beer till there were only a few sips left and then she poured the rest on her breasts and then pulled him up with two fingers lightly under his chin. He began to lick the beer off of her chest. She once again, started moaning, with her head back and started bucking forward with her pelvis. She then stopped him and said, "That's enough for you!" and smiled as she walked to Trent. 

Looks like you get tails. She grabbed his beer and starting to feel a little tipsy from the beer, she again downed almost the entire beer before turning around, sticking her ass out and then pouring the beer on the small of her back. She could feel it run down and seep between her cheeks. She then felt his large hands on her hips and his mouth begins to work on her lower back. His hands moved to her ass as he cupped her cheeks and massaged. She felt her thong being pulled down and she stepped forward. "No, no, no," she said playfully and with that, started towards the stairs.

"Where are you going?" asked Trent.

"Upstairs to take a shower," she paused, "unless you boys think you can keep me entertained down here?!"

"Why don't you come on back and let's see what we can do," said Kevin. 

She bit her bottom lip, holding back her excitement, and said, "Fine, but I'm in control.

To Be Continued...