 (If possible read with Dubstep music - it will add to the experience)

Introducing, the third in the series of Clifftop College entries. Who ever said boarding school would be boring?

Evelyn had always been a rather sexual girl. Since losing her virginity at thirteen, she'd had countless amounts of sexual partners. As a student of the prestigious mixed boarding school, Clifftop College, Evelyn had plenty of men to choose from. However, since finding one man that fitted her perfectly in every way, Evelyn had been happy in her quiet, sexually pleasing relationship with Doni. Though, you can take the girl out of the adventure, but never the adventure out of the girl. 

After a very satisfying three-way with her ex-boyfriend and Doni's best friend, Smyth, Evelyn thought that her craving for sexual adventure had been fed. Not so likely. Evelyn yearned for more. 

So, one night, whilst Doni and Evelyn lay in bed together -- the dorm room empty aside from themselves -- she turned to him with a beaming grin. 

"I want an orgasm," she said eagerly, taking the book from Doni's hands to get his attention. 

"Didn't I give you one already? -- like five minutes ago?" he chuckled, wrapping his arms around her waist and gazing into her feline green eyes that sparkled with excitement. 

"Yes," she giggled "But I want more -- multiple!" she exclaimed. 

Doni raised an eyebrow at his girlfriend, trying to read her thoughts. He was a proud boyfriend and relished in her enthusiasm and wildness when it came to sex. Though a quiet, mysterious, artistic girl to most, he knew a different side to her. Evelyn was like an animal that could never truly be tamed. With hair the colour of raven feathers that trailed down the length of her petite torso, skin as pale as the moon and lips as red as blood, Evelyn was by far the most enchantingly beautiful young woman he'd ever met. Also, the sexiest. Even as she lay in only a pair of knee length school socks, his pair of boxers and his blue sports vest, she was absolutely gorgeous. 

"Roll over then," he winked cheekily. 

He turned her quickly onto her back and leant down to kiss her when he stopped, her hands cupping his stubbly chin. He exhaled heavily, watching her pout. It was unlike her. 

"What's the matter?" he asked, his hands that were resting either side of her head, tangling themselves in her loose hair. 

"I was thinking of accomplishing it more daringly," her pout grew into a grin. 

Doni shifted his body until his legs were between hers, thinking through her last sentence. 

"How?" he questioned, also rather daringly. Evelyn never stopped surprising him. 

"Well say like I want ten orgasms," she paused, watching Doni's eyes intently "Then I'd want ten different men to give them to me," she left the sentence open, somewhat anxious to hear her boyfriend's reply. He always embraced even her craziest sexual fantasies, but would he do the same with this one?

"I'll see what I can do," he winked again, burying his face into her sweet neck. 

Evelyn grinned madly, excitement consuming her. 

It was settled. On Friday night, Evelyn would meet Doni in his dorm room. He had been able to gather eight of his closest friends to help fulfil Evelyn's fantasy. Those eight were also friends with Evelyn and five of them were Doni's dorm friends. No one would walk in as the majority of the sixth formers at CTC were out on Friday nights. The plan was perfect. Now, all Evelyn had to do was allow the excitement to fuel her. She couldn't believe that one, she was finally doing it, and two, that Doni was okay with it. 

More than okay, he was incredibly excited. His cuckholding fetish had really taken hold of him. Though, protective over Evelyn in every other sense, when it came to the bedroom -- watching her have sex with another man or woman, turned Doni on very much. He liked nothing more than to see the love of his life having a good time, whether it was him that was giving it to her or someone else. He wasn't a jealous man and would feel greedy if he kept such a beautiful girl all to himself. And anyway, his favourite part of any threesome was the moment he got to take Evelyn back into his arms, for she was his at the end of the day, and he was hers. 

Evelyn walked across the dark campus field wearing a thick coat. She carried a bag full of things she may need for that evening. Her stomach was doing summersaults she was so excited. Doni hadn't told her which eight guys he'd found, though she'd assumed their closest male friends. She hated to admit it, but she was looking forward to having sex with Smyth again. He may have eyes for her best friend now and their love was long gone, but she knew there would always be a burning flame between them. She quickened her pace, trying to contain her enthusiasm. 

She didn't knock, she didn't need to. Evelyn stepped inside the large dorm room to feel the heating on, see the bedside lights bright and only Doni stood in the room. She smiled at the sight of him, her heart racing; even now, after five years of being in love with him, he still gave her butterflies. 

"Where is everyone?" she asked, closing the door behind her. 

She spotted his bed was without a duvet and lying on it was a single black satin blindfold. She shivered with anticipation. Her eyes returned to Doni, who had stepped closer. He was only wearing a pair of white tight boxers, his bare firm chest on show. She bit her lip, already turned on. All day, whilst pampering, she hadn't stopped thinking about the night ahead. Her friends had badgered her to find out what she was up to, but Evelyn was good at keeping secrets. 

"They'll be here soon," he took hold of her hands, inspecting her up and down. 

She was wearing her school uniform; her white blouse was tight across her large ample breasts; her blue school skirt was short and pulled up to her middle, only just covering her small perky bum. She wore her thigh high navy socks, a tie hung loosely around her neck and her hair was up in a messy bun on the top of her head. Doni always thought she looked beautiful, but she looked especially stunning tonight. With only a hint of make-up and her school girl outfit she was erotic perfection in his eyes. 

"You look fantastic," he smirked, taking the bag from her shoulder. 

"Thanks. Ebony was a bit curious as to why I was wearing this tonight but luckily Ava stepped forward, assuming I was coming over here to play out a school girl fantasy with you," Evelyn giggled, perching on the end of the bed. 

"An extremely twisted, dirty school girl fantasy," he laughed "You should've told me -- I could've got us all to wear them," he winked, sitting down beside her. 

Evelyn raised a single neatly plucked eyebrow, mulling over the thought. 

That would be very interesting

She glanced over at his bedside table where his phone sat.

"I think you should give them a text -- you're right, it'll make for a very good fantasy," she giggled, twisting around until she was on her hands and knees. 

She crawled into the middle of the bed and flipped onto her back, opening her legs and grinning down at Doni. He beamed back at her, grabbing his phone quickly. 

This night was going to be one to remember. 

Evelyn observed as Doni strolled across the dorm room in his school shirt, trousers and tie. She bit her lip, the butterflies beating harder and lower in her stomach. She had to catch her breath. His black fringe tousled onto his forehead and the shaved sides were neat, revealing his two stretched ears. He gave her a wink and rolled up his sleeves. 

"This means business," he chuckled. 

Evelyn watched intently as with each roll he exposed more and more of his tattoos and the muscles of his upper arms. Her breathing was quickening with every second, her heart drumming in her chest. Her eyes were fixated on him, waiting for his next move.  

He gestured to the end of the bed, where she shuffled quickly and sat patiently. He lifted the blindfold to her eyes and began to tie it at the back. Now her view was gone, she relied on her other senses. The feel of the satin under her fingertips. The sound of Doni's deep breathing. The smell of his cologne. The taste of his lips. She shivered. 

"Now I want you to sit still and don't remove the blindfold, understand?" Doni's voice was stern, the playfulness gone. 

She straightened her back and subdued a grin. It had begun. 

She pressed her wrists together on her lap, staring forward into the darkness of the blindfold. She felt cold now Doni had moved away. Suddenly, she felt headphone slipping on over her head and onto her ears. Deep rumbling dubstep music pounded into her ears. Slowly, he was taking away her senses. Her heart galloped with apprehension and anticipation. She was now deaf and blind. 

Evelyn was unable to hear the dorm room door opening and Doni greeting the eight boys who had agreed to join them. They fist pumped, patted each other's backs and exchanged curious glances with Doni. 

They stood in an awkward semi-circle around the bed where Evelyn sat, none the wiser as to what was going on around her. Doni joined them, turning the music up a little louder just to be sure his girlfriend wouldn't be able to hear them. 

"Why are we dressed like this?" Smyth laughed, gesturing to their attire. 

"Evelyn's idea, not mine," Doni replied, crossing his arms, his eyes still focused on Evelyn who was tossing her tongue around her mouth anxiously. He enjoyed making her wait. It was all one big tease. He could imagine just how wet she was getting, her mind consumed with what they were about to do. Doni grinned to himself then turned to his friends. 

"Looks as if this was entirely Evelyn's idea," Ted raised his eyebrows, looking to where Smyth was restraining a grin. 

"I'm just gonna say this, before we get started. If any of you are unsure, leave now. And, there are rules to this game," Doni's voice turned firm, catching all of theirs attention. 

They listened intently, afraid to get on the wrong side of Doni under any circumstances -- let alone when it came to Evelyn. 

"You know why we're here. She wants to have ten orgasms, each with a different guy. As I could only gather nine of us, I'll give her two," Doni smirked, making the boys roll their eyes "So, after you've made her orgasm, your time is up."

The boys nodded understandingly, switching their gazes back and forth between Doni and Evelyn, who was bobbing her head to the music. 

"How you make her orgasm is entirely up to you," Doni hinted to the bag sat beside his bed. 

Smyth picked it up tentatively and glanced inside. He grinned and allowed the other boys to have a look too. 

"You all must use condoms and keep it clean," he stared them all down "And I can step in whenever I like. Plus, Evelyn can stop the whole thing whenever she wants." 

"Is there a safe word?" Wade questioned, looking more nervous than any of them. 

Having spent the past two years dating the same girl -- one of Evelyn's friends, Ebony -- Wade was inexperienced compared to the others, especially as Ted and Smyth had already slept with Evelyn. The others were looking forward to the opportunity to do so.  

"Pineapples," Doni nodded, watching as they repeated it under their breaths. 

"So we can do anything we want?" Declan smirked, looking to Ted and Smyth who matched his excitement. 

"Within reason," Doni answered, taking a step closer "However, if you hurt her, I'll hurt you," he scowled, then softened, scaring Declan into silence. 

"Who will go first?" Theo chirped up, having been quiet since he'd arrived. 

Doni gave his ex-boyfriend a quick once over; he looked gorgeous in his uniform. 

"You'll pick a number out of this hat. While you wait, you can play Xbox or hit bongs on the sofas, cool?" Doni handed them the hat and walked over to Dexter first. 

He pulled out a number 6. Soon, all of the boys had picked a number out of the hat and the night was about to begin. All they needed now was Evelyn. 

Once the others had seated themselves, Doni pulled the desk chair up to the end of the bed. He sat down, his knees brushing Evelyn's. She bit her lip at the slightest touch. 

He reached forward, running a fingertip around in circles on her bare knees. Slowly, he slipped down one of her socks, taking her leg and placing it on his shoulder. Unaware of his audience watching curiously from the sofa, Doni began to plant tender kisses up the inside of Evelyn's leg. She shivered, resting back on her hands. She rolled back her head, the headphones and blindfold still securely on. 

"Oh Doni-," she whispered; she knew his touch well. His hands were as familiar as her own. 

He grinned smugly to himself, shifting closer. He took her other leg and copied his actions, his fingers running up and down the outside while his lips set to work. Soon, Evelyn was lying on her back, both of her legs up on his broad shoulders. 

He pulled her socks back up to their original place and slipped his hands down further until they reached the hem of her small knickers. Biting playfully at her legs, making her giggle and squeal, he pulled down her blue frilly French knickers and chucked them to the side. With one hand, he grasped her bum and moved himself on top of her. 

His lips met hers, passionately kissing her. She went to raise her arms to his cheeks when he grabbed hold of them and placed them above her head. He felt her gasp for air between kisses, their tongues dancing in each other's moves; tongue bars knocking and tickling. Evelyn yearned to feel the ball of his bar rubbing against her. 

He squeezed and released her bum cheek continuously, his lips grazing the skin on her collar bone. He popped open the buttons on her blouse with his teeth, his tongue working its way into her bra where he found her erect nipple. All the while, Evelyn moaned loudly, tugging at his hair and wrapping her legs around his back, grasping him tighter to her heated body. 

"Save some for us, Doni!" Smyth called over, chuckling with the other boys. 

He pulled his lips away for a moment, realising he was getting carried away. He shifted further down the bed and bunched up her skirt, revealing her beautiful pussy. He pressed back her thighs, opening her legs further. Doni licked his lips hungrily. He had been right; all that teasing had made Evelyn extremely wet. 

Tentatively, he ran a finger from her small hard clit to her juicy pussy. He watched as she tensed, her hands clutching the bed sheet in anticipation. He liked to make her wait. He pushed her thighs back further, stroking the tip of his tongue across her clit. At the taste of her, Doni was sent into ecstasy. He couldn't hold back any longer. 

He dived in face first, moving her body up and down over his mouth as it ate hungrily. He nibbled at her clit, switching back to his tongue where he lapped and pressed in circles. All the while, Evelyn's breaths became shorter and her screaming louder. Doni lost control. He was consumed by her, skilfully using his mouth to make her quiver and shake, her body convulsing under his fingertips. 

Evelyn couldn't think straight. All she could do was gasp for breaths between moans and hang on tightly to Doni's hair as he sent her into a state of sheer pleasure. 

She couldn't hear or see, only feel as Doni's tongue delved deeper into her tight wet pussy, then slipping up and flicking her clit; again and again, it was a sensual assault. She barely had a chance to understand what was going on before her hips were rising with her pulse and she met her first orgasm on Cloud Nine. Like a drug, it flooded her veins, pumping all the way to head. The music became distant, her limbs tingling as she came down. Her head was fuzzy, almost as if she was about to pass out. 

With her legs still hanging over Doni's shoulders, he straightened up watching as Evelyn's body twitched, listening to her raspy breaths. He smirked to himself, glancing to the side of him to see Declan beside them. He raised an eyebrow to Doni who grinned, wiping his lips. 

"I'll tag you in, shall I?" he laughed, gently laying Evelyn's legs down. 

They dangled off the end of the bed. She hadn't regained her strength yet and lay still breathing deeply. Doni fist pumped Declan and stood up to allow the first of the boys to begin. 

He glanced over his shoulder to see Declan take off his shirt and gently lay down upon Evelyn, who took him with opens arms -- and legs. 

Doni smirked to himself again, wondering if he wanted to miss this. Unaware that the other boys were watching him, he stood with his arms folded as Declan set to work. 

Declan knew that as the first of the eight he had to set a standard. He couldn't repeat Doni's actions but he was determined to make her scream louder and orgasm faster. He knew he shouldn't be allowing himself to get swept up into the fight for Alpha dog, but he could at least beat his own target. 

Though before now, Declan had never looked at Evelyn as being a potential sex partner, it didn't mean he didn't find her attractive. As he lay on top of her, he planted deep kisses on her plump red lips. He felt her legs wrap around him, grinding her groin against his ever hardening crotch. He could hardly contain himself. He'd tried not to watch previously when Doni had had his face buried in her delicious looking pussy, but it was hard not to. As her body lay open and ready for him, Declan felt a rush of primeval hunger. 

He ripped open her blouse, revealing her ample bosom cupped in a black lase bra. He smothered her chest and breasts in kisses, sucking and nibbling, hearing her heart thumping away. Her nails were beginning to dig into his shoulders, urging him on further. With his face still pressed between her soft warm breasts, he ran a hand down her stomach and in between her legs. His school trousers grew tighter as he withdrew his dripping fingers. Carefully, he placed them against her parted lips. She licked blissfully, sucking his fingers free of her juices with a little grin. 

Declan wouldn't be able to contain himself much longer if he didn't get on with his original plan. 

Evelyn ran her hands along his shoulders, still enjoying the taste of herself. She grinned happily, feeling her way up to his hair; shaved at the sides, fine on the top. She slipped back to his neck to feel only a small tunnel in his ear. She knew instantly this was Declan, even if she couldn't see or hear him. 

She lay at his mercy, trusting him completely. Out of the all the guys Doni could've gathered, he would be the gentlest and most good natured. She felt as he kneeled over her, obviously taking off his trousers and boxers. She waited excitedly; she had always wondered what he'd be like in bed. 

Soon, his lips were returning to hers and she felt the hardness of his cock against her groin. She allowed him to take full control as he placed her legs back and onto his shoulders, pushing deeply into her wet hole. She threw back her head with surprise. 

His long hard shaft moved slowly at first, back and forth, arching at just the right angle so the tip of his cock knocked and rubbed against her g-spot. He wrapped one arm around her shoulders, bringing her closer and curling her body towards him as they rocked to a gentle rhythm, his cock drumming into her g-spot with each thrust. She gasped, scratching her nails down his hot back in long red strips, his steady rhythm teasing her beyond belief. She allowed her head to fall back and hang as he quickened his pace. 

Doni sat down in the desk chair now adjacent to the bed. He watched as Declan pounded Evelyn until her head was knocking against the headboard. Her body was limp like a ragdoll as she moaned, taking the full force of Declan's hips and cock as he pumped at a startling pace in and out of her pussy. He bit at his finger, completely focused on the scene before him. Seeing Evelyn being fucked by someone other than himself was an even bigger turn on than he'd imagined. It had been different in their threesome. Now, he couldn't get involved. He could only sit and watch as the love of his life was pounded out of the stratosphere. It was a type of torture, he was sure; one that would push him to the end of his tether until finally he would be able to get his hands on her. He bit down harder, the sight of Declan's dick pummelling his girlfriend's dripping wet snatch, rocketing him into an alien frenzy. 
