 I felt the heat from Tony's body almost burning my ass. His hot breath danced across my bare back. 

"Yeah, you like teasing me, huh bitch? You over here on your hands and knees sticking that hot little ass out in my face," said Tony, gently slapping my ass cheeks. 

Again, I moaned into Mike's cock, in response to the spanking I had just received.

Mike was going crazy now. His hips were bucking like a wild bronco. I felt like he could rip my hair from my head at any second. I could hear him panting, almost growling. His climax was not far off. 

Just then, Tony whispered, "You ever been fucked up the ass, bitch?"

I shook my head no as I continued assaulting Mike's thick cock with my slobbering mouth.

"Mmmm, then it's time you got your ass cherry popped," said Tony in a low growl.

I could feel his body getting closer, then the pressure of his cock tip pressing just into my rim.

I heard him say, "We need to lube you up first, baby."

Then in one swoop, I felt Tony's thick fingers plunge into my hot, sloppy wet pussy. I thought I felt at least 3 fingers wide inside me as he began pumping in and out. I felt Mike's cock began to throb harder on my tongue and I repeatedly deepthroated him. Ramming his hot wet cock in and out of my throat, swallowing hard and tight around his shaft. 

Suddenly, Tony ripped his fingers from my cunt and rammed them into my virgin asshole. 

I moaned again, almost screaming into Mike's dick. 

I could hear Tony smugly laughing behind me as he pumped his thick fingers in and out of my ass. Then, just as quickly as he had invaded my asshole, he slipped his fingers out. But nothing, I mean nothing, could prepare me for what I was about to feel. Because unbeknownst to me, at that time, not only did Tony have a nice ass, but he had a HUGE cock. 

Again, I felt his hands take their place back on my hips, this time the grip was locked down tight. 

"Oh shit, fuck her, Tony, fuck that slut's asshole," moaned Mike, "Fuck that bitch while I spray in her mouth."

Tony moaned, almost growled again and with one savage thrust, he was inside my asshole. 

The force of it sent me forward, jamming Mike's cock deeper into my throat. 

"That's it baby, suck it bitch, suck that hot cum from my shaft, you slut," Mike moaned, fucking my mouth with brute force.

"Mmmm, what a hot asshole you have, baby," Tony moaned, fucking me deep and slow.

I felt as though my asshole would explode any minute. Tony's cock was so thick and so warm, it almost demanded that my asshole take it or else.

I looked back up at Mike, his eyes were rolled into the back of his head. His chest was glistening with sweat.

"Oh God, Rain, you bitch, here it cums, mmmmm fuck, take it baby, drink it, slut!!" he moaned, unleashing a waterfall of cum into my mouth. 

Stream after stream of thick, hot cum unloaded into my mouth, almost as if a dam had broken loose. He continued to buck his hips, still fucking my mouth, which was getting sore at this point. 

He never released the grip he had on my hair as his cum continued to pour from him like a broken faucet. 

This was too much for Tony to take. He began fucking my asshole wildly. Short, deep penetrating strokes, the tip of his cock piercing my asshole with each thrust. 

His nails dug deep into my hips, causing my flesh to burn. I could feel his heavy nut sack swaying and bouncing off of my pussy, brushing my swollen lips. 

"You ready for more cum, bitch?" asked Tony breathlessly.

I nodded my head yes as I finished sucking off Mike, slurping the last few drops of his seed that were left. 

"Clamp my dick, bitch," Tony moaned, slapping my ass again, " Make that asshole bite my cock."

Tony roared as I tightened my ass walls around his shaft, begging for him to unload inside it. He spanked me again as Mike's cock softened in my mouth. My head throbbed after he released my hair. My long locks of curly, blonde hair fell down into my face, some strands stuck to my neck with sweat. I watched Mike fall back onto the bed, his softened dick resting on his thigh. 

Now I was free to give Tony my complete attention. I reached up and placed my hands on the edge of the bed, gripping the crumpled sheet with my fists. I looked up and watched Mike's cock as Tony fucked my asshole. I arched my back and threw my head back, thrusting my ass even further onto Tony's dick. 

Mike just laid there, moaning and breathing heavily, almost as if he had not cum like that in years. I leaned in and gently flicked my tongue over his balls, back and forth with Tony's motion. 

"That's it, bitch, lick those balls, I'm about ready to make your asshole nice and wet, baby," growled Tony, fucking my ass with all he had. 

I moaned out into the darkened room, panting and groaning. My asshole felt like it had been stretched to the size of an orange. It burned and ached, but I didn't want Tony to stop. I gripped the bed tighter and used it as leverage to thrust myself back and forth. Tony really seemed to like that. His groans and growls started getting louder. His thrusts became harder and his grip became tighter.

"Oh, oh oh ohhhhhhhh shit, bitch, don't stop, fuck my cock like the whore you are, fuck it, baby, ride that dick," Tony moaned, spanking me again.

I couldn't hold back anymore, I threw my head back and started groaning like a whore in heat. I'm not even sure if my words made sense. Over my groans, I heard Mike snoring, he had exhausted himself and now it was up to me and Tony to make each other feel good. 

I slid my small hand down beneath me and quickly cupped my round, smooth pussy. My clit buzzed in my palm, almost screaming on its own to be relieved. Instinct kicked in and I slid 3 fingers deep in my soaked pussy, wiggling them deep, fucking myself.

Tony spanked me again making my ass burn and sting. I could feel the welts rising up from my flesh but that only drove me harder. My fingers dove in and out, fucking me and opening my pussy further than I had ever felt it before. 

"MMMMMMMM, Fuck!!!!!, Take it, Rain, mmmmm God, take my cum, bitch!!!", he yelled as I felt a thick hot stream explode inside my raw asshole. 

He kept plunging his dick in and out of me, and like clock work, my climax took over. My eyes rolled inside my head and my entire body began to tremble. My words and thoughts were incoherent, all I could was surrender to this feeling. 

Afterwards, Tony and I didn't say a word to each other. He slowly withdrew his cock from my ass and gave me a playful smack on my right ass cheek. I turned and looked over my shoulder just in time to see him putting his jeans back on. 

I tried to rise to my feet but I had been on my hands and knees for so long that my body had gone numb. Suddenly I began to feel very cheap and dirty. I had met Mike not more then 2 hours ago and now look at me. A slutty girl on her hands and knees in his dorm room. I managed to pull myself up enough to see Mike moving around on the bed.

"Oh shit, I'm sorry, Rain, guess I passed out," he whispered, pulling himself up on his elbows. 

"It's ok, Mike, I was just about to leave as soon as everything on me wakes up," I said, trying to make light of the fact that I had lowered myself so far tonight.

Mike reached down and extended his hand to help me up. I felt a bit light headed as I made my way to my feet. I looked around the room, scanning for what I have no idea. Mike rolled over to his side, his back to me.

"Lock the door on your way out, ok?" he whispered.

"Yeak, ok," I said, completely disgusted with myself. 

As I walked down the dismal hallway, I tried to figure out how I allowed myself to get here. Was I THAT desperate for attention? I managed to stumble down the staircase and make my way to the door. James was asleep in his truck, apparently waiting for me.


I quietly opened the truck door and slid into the seat.

"Where the fuck have you been??????" he screamed.

"Damn, don't yell, James," I whispered, holding my head. 

"Then answer me, where the fuck have you been? I walked Julie back to her dorm and I came back to find you, but no such luck."

"I don't wanna talk about it, ok?" I said.

"No, I think we should talk about it, Rain," he said, lighting a cigarette, "You've been gone for over 2 hours."

"I met a guy ......." I began, "And then ........"

"Fuck, Rain, you fucked someone you just met tonight, didn't you?" he asked, blowing a large puff of smoke my way.

"It's none of your business, James, you left me knowing I didn't know anyone but you just so you could go talk to Mrs. Skank."

"Oh now it's MY fault, nice," he retorted, starting up the truck.

"I didn't say that, James, please don't put words in my mouth," I said.

We spent the entire drive home in silence. I watched the dark shadows of the tree whiz by as we traveled down the dark, secluded highway. Finally, we arrived at my house at 3 A.M.

"Do you wanna crash here?" I asked, "You know my parents aren't home for the weekend."

"No, not really, Rain," he said, not even looking at me. 

"Come on, James, don't be mad," I whispered, reaching over to rub his leg.

He closed his eyes as if he were enjoying it. I could hear him breathing hard as I watched his chest move up and down.

Suddenly, he opened his eyes and reached for the truck door. 

"On second thought, crashing here sounds good," he said.

I smiled, almost a vixen smile, who knows what the night still had left in store ...