 It started in the restaurant - two women and a guy - they had found each other through various internet links - friendships had been made - thoughts and fantasies exchanged. There was anticipation in the air - it had taken many months to all get in this booth together.

The girls sat opposite him - looking innocent - just friends chatting. Only the most observant would have noticed the lingering glances and touches between them. There was a lot of laughter. Appetizers finished and second round of drinks in front of them - he noticed knowing smiles and hand under the table - he sat back and smiled - the girls knew that he knew - his hands disappeared under the table also - hands and thighs intertwined - not quite sure who was touching what - a fine omen for the evening

A quick consensus - lets finish these drink - to the car - and a room.

He volunteers to drive - the girls jump in the back seat. He pulls out towards the road - checks his rear view mirror - just as the girls kiss. He drives through the busy intersection, trying to concentrate on the road ahead. He hits the freeway on ramp - and as he does so he hears a moan from the back seat

He checks the rear view mirror again - to find them intertwined. In the dark he sees them kissing - hands roaming around each other bodes. For a moment he thinks they are so lost in the moment - they have forgotten him - but as they break from each other and he sees their smiles in the mirror - he realizes they know exactly where he is.

At last the hotel - clothes hastily rearranged - the anticipation building. The girls walk behind him - hand in hand - innocent to the world - their secret .He enters the dimly lit room - and goes to open the wine he has pre -chilled. As he pours the third glass - he hears the door close. He turns to see the girls already in an embrace. He walks towards them - two glasses in his hand - hugs them both and them returns to his glass and sits in the arm chair.

The girls sit on the end of their bed - laughing giggling sharing and sipping their wine

The girls don't seem nervous at all - maybe that's the effect of the wine. Sitting at the edge of the bed - their lips meet - hands running through hair - over shoulders. Whispers and giggles - they look over to him and smile.

The brunette stands - pulling her sweater over her head as she does so - the blonde sits on the bed in front of her - and unsnaps her jeans - kissing her belly as she does so. She eases the jeans down - leaving the brunette standing in black lacy bra and panties.

The blonde still clothed - caresses the brunette's breasts through her bra - nipples hardening as she does so. A gasp escapes from the brunette. As she caresses she brings her mouth to belly - kissing slowly downwards. Finally a long lingering kiss on the lace panties - and the fingers hooked in the waistband and slipped down her legs. The brunette steps out of the panties lying on the floor. As the brunette unhooks her bra - the blonde lies back on the bed.

'

The brunette looks at him - "care to help?" He smiles - "hell no - she's all yours"

She straddles the blonde - kissing her and doing her blouse - more urgent. Hands cupping her breasts through her bra - now it's the blondes turn to moan. She slips down her body - kneeling on the floor and pushes up the blondes' skirt - to her and his surprise - no panties.

She kneels between her legs and kisses her inner thigh - hands slowly moving up towards her pussy. The blonde caresses her own breasts as she moans and the brunette gently fingers the folds of her pussy.

He sips on his wine - loving the view. Frankly, the girls forget he was there a few minutes earlier. He watches intently - the brunette kneeling on the floor - between the blondes legs draped over the side of the bed. He loves watching - knowing these outwardly innocent looking Midwestern moms are pushing their envelope and he feels honored to have been invited along for the ride. His hard on is starting to feel uncomfortable in his jeans.

The brunette looks up at the blonde - "I need to taste you" - but to the blondes surprise she merely slips a finger inside her - eliciting a moan from the blonde - and then brings it to her lips. The brunette teases well! 

The man laughs - "you tease - you know what she needs" - and at that - the brunettes' mouth comes down and gently kisses the blonde on the folds of her pussy. The moan reveals how long she has been waiting for the mouth to touch her there.

The gentle pussy kissing becomes more urgent - a lick - the girls losing themselves in each other - forgetting about the third in the room.

The third takes another sip of wine.

The brunette slips her hands to the blondes breasts - cupping and holding - the occasional tweaking of nipple - all the while exploring her pussy with her mouth. The blonde looks over to the man - "come help"

He smiles - stands - starts to unbutton his shirt - the blonde watches as she continues to moan from the brunettes ministrations. He kneels next to the blonde - still in his jeans - and his hand joins the brunettes on her breasts. The moans from the blonde become more urgent - the odd "oh God" for good measure.

He pulls away - off the bed and stands behind the brunette - the blonde looking at him as undoes his belt unzips his jeans and slips them to the floor. He kneels and positions himself behind the brunette and she lets out a deep moan as he slowly pushes the head of his cock into her wet pussy. All the while the man and blonde eyes lock - and he pushes slowly inside the brunette.

In a cruel act of teasing - he then slowly withdraws his cock - and slips back on the bed and kneels with cock at the blondes face - "would you like to taste her" he says with a broad smile on his face 

The only reply to his question is for the blonde to open her mouth and push herself towards the hard cock.

He moans as the blonde mouth surrounds him - her own moans stifled as she does so. He looks down to see the brunette now furiously licking and fingering the blonde. A beautiful site. 

The blonde struggles to concentrate on her cock sucking - he realizes she is reaching her point of no return and reluctantly pulls himself from her - he brings his mouth down to her beautiful breasts and starts to gently suck and lick her. Her panting and moans get harder and she accelerates to towards her orgasm - and within seconds she shudders and groans underneath them both.

As the blonde recovers fingers and tongues trail all over her - his fingers meet the brunettes over her pussy lips. The brunette looks up at him - "my turn - you tease" 

He lies down next to the blonde - and the brunette kisses her way from his feet to his groin - she takes one slow lingering lick - and lets the cock slip deep inside her mouth. The second mouth around him this evening - his mind reeling.

And then - swiftly - she is crouched above him - and his cock is at the entrance to her pussy. And then slowly oh so slowly she lowers herself onto him. 

She pauses as he fully enters her - the both look around to see the blonde smiling. Her hand slips down to her the brunettes, pussy and she feels the hard cock slipping inside her - meanwhile her other hand caresses the brunettes' breasts.

The brunettes starts her grind on the cock - savoring - slowly at first then building The blondes hands caressing them both - and the moans from the brunette grow. His eyes close - savoring the moment - he senses the brunettes excitement growing - and he opens his eyes to see the blonde sucking and caressing the brunettes' breasts. The blonde smiles - "you two look so good" - and her hand slips down to the joining of their bodies - the blondes hand touching both his cock and her wet pussy simultaneously. This takes the brunette over the edge - he feels her wet pussy contracting around him and low groan comes from her lips.

As they recover - the brunette rolls to the side - he looks at his so hard cock then at the blonde - "your turn" he says and smiles at her. He stands - gestures for her to kneel at the edge of the bed - he grabs her ass and pushes his cock into her - her face pushed into the bed sheets.

He fucks her - slow at first - then building - she was close - and it takes her less than a minute to come. Somehow he manages to delay his own orgasm as she comes on his cock - she's even louder than the brunette - just for a moment he thinks about the neighbors in the nearby hotel rooms - they are really going to wonder what going on.

His meandering thoughts are interrupted by the brunette - in the noise and intensity of the blondes' orgasm they had not noticed she had slipped off the bed - grabbed a quick sip of wine - rummaged through a purse and was now kneeling on the bed with a long black double dildo in her hands.

He smiles - "now this I have to seen!"

He walks across the room to the wine bottle - pours into his glass - and takes a long sip. He turns around - and gasps audibly at the site in front of him. The girls are intertwined the dildo between them - slowly they are pushing themselves towards each other. He applauds and they both look around to him and smile - and then their gazes return to each other.

He stands - enthralled - glass in hand. He steps closer - watching the dildo slipping into them both - their pussies touching before pulling back and then repeating the action. Their movement is slow and sensual - savoring every moment.

He kneels next to them - his hand slips down between them and wraps around the slick dildo. Moans slip from both the ladies - and they reach up - the blonds' hand surrounding his cock - the brunettes on his balls.

And then it becomes a blur - the girls grinding together - hands of breasts and cocks and balls. Getting more urgent - all three moaning - the tension building.

With two hands oh his cock - he knows he cannot delay the inevitable - "oh God - ladies - I am there". These words seem to just tip the ladies over the edge - and in a blizzard of profanity, blasphemy and moans - he sees them takes them selves over the edge. At that - his cock finally releases - explodes - pulsing over their bellies, pussies and the dildo.