 Angel & Naughty: The Millennium Hotel


Lisa lifted the phone. "Hi honey," she said. She held a hand over the receiver. "You have to be quiet baby. It's Todd."

"Oh shit," Loretta said.

My lips curled in devious delight. "You know what I want?"

Lisa shivered. "Ohhh, I have an idea."

"What?" Loretta asked. "What's she gonna do?"

I petted Loretta's head. "Don't ask. Just watch your sister be naughty."

Arching up, Lisa displayed her tits. "And don't tell," she said. Her fat chestnut tits jutted over the frilled edge of her body stocking, knots of cum frosted between her angelic cleavage and clumped on her pearls. 

"Oh Jesus," Loretta said. "You two are so kinky."

I grinned and put my hand on Loretta's head, guiding her along my cock. "Shut up Kitty, your sister's putting on a show." Between my legs, curled like a kitten by the fire, Loretta's lips lapped along my pulpy shaft. Her tongue twiddled the tip playfully before she slapped the head against her cheek.

"So honey," Lisa said into the phone. "How's your night going?" While she spoke, she cradled a breast in her off hand. "Aw, I miss you too," she said. "I'm a little bummed to come over here and tend Loretta." Quietly, sensually, she dragged her tongue over her cum-soaked tit flesh. Listening to her husband on the line, she smacked her lips. "Well, it's not my fault. If only that friend of yours Steven didn't make such a fucking mess." She smiled-a devilish, bitch-hot smile-and licked her tit again, rolling over her sperm-glazed nipple. "I'm always having to clean up after him." Like a cat bathing itself, her tongue circled and danced, collecting chunks of sperm on the red tip, leaving trails of saliva-an oily, sexual polish.

Lisa, my miracle goddess. My Ninel Conde.

She stretched out, her white body stocking weaning around her shapely curves, and put her elbows on the floor. Her costume wings snapped sharply behind her. From all fours she eyed me as her husband yammered, oblivious that his stunning wife was on her hands and knees, my cum coating the inside of her mouth, still lining the recesses of her freshly fucked asshole.

Lisa cut him off: "You defend him Todd, he's your friend. I know I dated him back in college, but what does Steven expect, for women to beg and crawl at his feet?" Tilting the phone down, she whispered up at me: "I fucking worship your cock." From the edge of the mussed bed, I moved my foot in front of her mouth. "Suck my toes you gorgeous slut."

Lisa's lips, the color of a complex red wine, wrapped around my big toe. She massaged the underside with her tongue. She soothed and swabbed the edge-a baby with a pacifier. My toe popped from her mouth. She smiled, grinding her ass in the air.

I fought the sudden urge to shove my cock up her butt right there. Have Lisa wiggle her high-class ass on my cock while her clueless husband jawed in her ear. I wanted to pump another round of semen up her anus-that pursed little treasure-one of a hundred loads-have it stick there for all time-raw and nasty, intimate and forever connected.

But then again, I had other plans.

"Leese you slut, you shouldn't be doing that," Loretta said.

I nodded at Loretta. "Another line?"

The dark-haired vixen bobbed off my cock. "You and your good ideas."

I gathered the baggie off the nightstand.

Loretta's red dress was still tousled around her waist, barely hanging on to the firm skin of her nineteen-year-old Italian body. She slid up, nuzzling her fleshy tits on my thighs. My dick thickened. I was exhausted physically, but the spotless umber of her skin, the angular curve of her back, the dramatic heart-shape of her pelvis as she found the right nook across my legs-it all prompted a gluttonous excitement. A primal and deep-seeded indulgence. 

Something triggered and my cock fattened. Lurched.

I eased Loretta off my crotch. As Lisa blabbered in the background, I wedged open the baggie and turned it on its side. Loretta's breath quickened. Squeezing the baggie edges, a bit of powder skipped to the lip. I dipped the tip of my semi-hard cock-still tacky with the juices of Lisa's ass, her mouth-leaving a white dab of premium coke along the dick hole. 

Loretta curled her hair behind her ear.

I put a finger to my lips. "Shhh. Remember, Lisa said we have to be quiet."

Loretta smiled. "Fuck Lisa."

"Good girl's learning."

I tapped the end of the baggie, trailing a long, thin line along my hardening shaft. Loretta inched closer. We locked eyes-her dark brown hair tossed across her face. She opened her lips slightly and I felt her hot breath on my cock.

My skin pimpled. My toes cracked in waiting.

Lisa crawled under Loretta. She spit in her hand, caressed my bruised balls with her wet palm. "No, don't get me wrong sweetie," she said, "I had fun at dinner. The meat there was wonderful. But I can't speak for Loretta. Even after all that meat, the fine and creamy sauces, she's still hogging the room service."

"Tell your husband I did have fun," Loretta said. "Sucking coke off his friend's cock." My cock fumed in Loretta's face-her flawless complexion, her smoky eyes. She still had an air of mystery to her-I barely knew her-and with my vulgar, engorged sex organ aimed at her face, the nasty juxtaposition turned my gut.

Loretta dipped her head, held the side of her nose and sniffed the snub tip. She snorted the white dab quickly; and wasting no time, she rose up and followed the powder trail.

"UH!"

Her auburn mane whipped my thighs, and I gathered gusts of her conditioner and skin, like silver-dollar wildflowers and vermillion. I threw my head back and groaned, almost laughed-a giddy kid at Christmas time-savoring her warm, upturned nose, this feline beauty inhaling my dick. She slapped Lisa's hand away and cupped my balls, cradling my dick as she retraced her tracks.

The shaft was spotless.

"God you made that look good," I said. "It's almost unfair."

Loretta ran a hand over her nose. "What's unfair?"

"That I haven't had you until tonight."

Loretta smoldered me with her glare. "We can make up for it," she said.

I stood up. "Oh we will." With fistfuls of her hair I shoved her face in my groin. Her eyes bulged, my cock engulfing her mouth. She sputtered-half-choking, half-swallowing-and her face washed red. Her arms flailed above her head.

I snatched her wrists.

"How does that tickle your throat?" I asked. "Fucking DUMMY."

I plunged deeper, ruthless and rough. Her head jarred and I held her there by the hair, banging the slippery roof of her mouth, and didn't stop, angling downward, forcing myself inside. The doughy shaft jolted past her gag, and I felt her swallow (or try to swallow), the desperate muscles in her throat convulse and constrict around my meat, her nose on my stomach, my balls slapped up against her chin. I barely withdrew, just wedged and fucked myself further and further into her mouth hole, cramming every humid nook of her face with ripening cock.

Lisa wet her lips at the sight. "We just ordered in," she said on the phone. "Just a midnight snack. Loretta's still hungry. I guess you can't get enough in that belly of hers." Lisa tapped a finger lightly on her bottom lip. "But I can't wait to get mine." She pointed and whispered: "Fuck my face."

"Married SLUT!"

Loretta slurped me to hardness and reeled back on her knees. Swiftly, I snatched Lisa by her throat, wrenched her under me. She squealed, an exhilarated squeal of shock and delight.

I hissed: "You want it?"

"Oh fuck baby, FUCK my mouth. Fuck my cheating-"

With both hands I impaled Lisa's head on my dick, stuffing it full. Her voice muffled, slushed around my shaft. Her cheeks puckered, and she lunged over my cockmeat-a greedy, cock-starved angel. She kept the phone slanted against her neck as I punched into her mouth.

"Fucking your throat Lisa. OPEN it. Lemme FUCK that cheating throat. You want it, I KNOW you've always wanted it. You're so hot. Burnin hot."

I was hard again. Savage. Blistering. Everything was getting dirtier.

Handling Lisa by the hair, I whirled her around (my cock still lodged in her mouth), and pinned her against the base of the bed. She dropped her phone as her costume wings mashed behind her. Angling forward, I held myself up from the bed and long-stroked into her mouth, literally fucking her face. On her knees, sandwiched between my thrusts and the base of the bed, she groped her tits, fiddled her pussy. I dug deep on the down stroke, exploring every molten cranny of her gullet I could, and she grabbed my thighs, pushed me even further into her, completely rooting me to the balls, her nose on her pubis, completely entrenched in her adulteress-throat.

"All the way down!" I said, and cringed, tickled in the most conquering way. 

I pulled out of Lisa's mouth, and she gasped, hunky ropes of spit and pre cum drooping from my cockhead.

I motioned to Loretta. "Come here Kitty. Come eat your sister's nasty drool. She's making a fucking mess."

"Oh Daddy," Loretta groaned. She waved her ass as she dove between Lisa and I, lapping at the frothy net stretching from her sister's lips.

"Lick that shit Kitty. Such a nasty mess coming from such a pretty wife." I leaned over and spit a dangle of saliva into Lisa's mouth. She held her tongue out and caught it eagerly.

Lisa licked her lips, closed and swallowed. "Mmm."

"Tell me you love me."

"I love you Steve," Lisa pined.

"Now talk to your fucking idiot husband."

"I'd rather be throating you," she said, darting the phone to her ear. 

She never missed a beat.

"Hey baby I'm back," she said. "Oh that? Yeah, I almost choked on a piece of steak. I know, I should be more careful with the room service. Such a big slab of meat."

I was chisel-hard, screaming. I spit on Loretta's face as she viciously gobbled my cock.

"You like it all to yourself, don't you?" I asked.

"I do, lemme have it." Loretta ran her tongue along the ridges, a little girl with a Popsicle.

I smeared my spit over her face, into her mouth. "You're such a spoiled little bitch aren't you?"

"I am, I am."

"You know what spoiled little bitches need Kitty?"

She fisted my cock with both hands. "Your big fucking cock up their ass?"

"Turn around. On all fours."

"Spoil me, you big-dick stud." The nineteen year old obediently circled on her hands and knees. Her cinnamon ass, plump and sublime-a glazed feast-propped before me. With her chin on her shoulder, Loretta asked: "Like this Daddy?"

"Stick that ass up brat. As high as you can." I snatched the baggie from the bed and kneeled down behind her, Loretta perching her ass in the air.

Lisa scooted next to me. "Well, I think we both know the answer to that question honey," she said. She rubbed up against me, dragging her tits up my arm as she humored her husband's conversation. "Steven's just an asshole, a cocky asshole. He does what he wants."

Lisa pecked me on the cheek, then hushed in my ear: "I wanna have your asshole babies."

I grinned, ran my thumb over her bottom lip. "Hold your sister's ass open," I said.

Lisa kissed me again lightly, then, with one hand, slowly spread apart her sister's ass. Holding the baggie just above, I sprinkled a smidgen of powder along Loretta's crack. Discarding the baggie, I ran my tongue up the back of her leg, over the cheek.


"You like that?" I asked. "Your butt's good enough to eat out of Loretta."

"Oh Daddy," Loretta grumbled, face on the floor. "Suck on my ass."

I felt her shudder; and I drove my nose into her butt, inhaling completely, ripping the small bump in one quick, violent snort.

Loretta whined. "Ohhh YES!"

I drew back, relishing, crystallizing, then crammed back between her buttcheeks.

Loretta's hand rushed over her pussy. She slurred her words. "Eat my butt baby, yeah."

My tongue slathered over the bloom of her anus, then slipped inside the rim. I flicked my tongue, popping out, until I lapped a last, wet trail up her buttcrack.

Up on my haunches, I positioned my dick behind her butt. Missile-locked, fuck-loaded. Pillaging.

"You ready gorgeous?" I asked.

"Umm, do it nasty," Loretta groaned.

"To be honest honey, I'm kinda jealous," Lisa said in the phone.

"Hold your butt open," I said.

Loretta reached back and parted her ass-a depraved, wrinkled target.

Lisa trailed her husband on. "My sister's in such a good position now, I wish I was in her place."

I reared into Loretta, my cock boring between her ass cheeks. She winced on the floor and grabbed fistfuls of carpet. "No, no-AH! Ahhh!"

Her spit-sweetened asshole clenched around my dry dickhead, squeezing me, clamping me. She cawed-a gored glamour girl, skewered on the end of my shaft. 

"You can't! It hurts! FUCK." She reached back and tried to ward me away, batting at my hands as I kneaded her ass cheeks. I grabbed her wrists and spread her arms out, exhausting her struggle easily.

"LOVE IT!" I ignored her pesky pleads and jammed deeper.

"Oh god, GOD! No, no! Don't fuck it any deeper! PLEASE!"

The fiery-hot pressure in her rectum dazzled me. Batting sunspots.

Loretta glanced back, her face dabbed with sweat, hair thrown over her face. Her face was wounded, exposed-a little girl being scolded. With her cheek on the ground, she pleaded: "Please Steven, your cock's so big. It won't fit in my ass. I'm losing my mind, please."

"You love telling me no," I said, and crammed another jot of cock up her vulnerable anal canal.

"AHHH! No, no!"

"I WANT that bratty ass."

"Oh Steven, FUCK! RAPE it in."

"YES!"

"Rape my asshole!"

I slammed harder, forcing a portion at a time, thrust after agonizingly tight thrust. Loretta's compressed anus flexed, shuddered as I fucked myself in-eight plus inches buried in her sweltering butthole. Loretta threw her head back and forth, squealed and bit her shoulder. Desperately, she begged Lisa from the floor.

"Lisa, please," Loretta said. "Get off the phone. STOP HIM. He's raping my poor little asshole. I can't take it anymore. He's gonna make me CUM. Oh FUCK."

Lisa sat up next to me. "Yeah I know, the TV's too loud. Loretta's gotta turn the volume down." She ran her hand over sister's trembling back, over her ass. She knelt down, her lips so close to my cock, half reamed up her sister's butt, that her breath gave me pimples. She looked up at me. "Honey," she said in the phone. "Can I call you back?"

I slowed my barrage of Loretta's ass as I watched Lisa's wicked tongue unravel. She licked the base of my cock, up to the plunged mid-section, and swirled over the strained cavity of her sister's ass.

"Yeah Lisa," I said. "Coat my cock with your dirty mouth water."

"Mmm," Loretta moaned. "Wet his cock sis."

Lisa spit on her sister's crack. As her spit dripped down, moistening Loretta's ass, Lisa continued: "Yeah, Loretta's in a delicate place right now honey. Big sister has to talk her out of it. Yes. Yes honey, wait up for my call. I'll call you later to say goodnight. Love you too." Lisa snapped the phone closed.

"Love you too," I mimicked. "Whatta poor sucker."

Lisa snickered. "You bad boy. You love it."

"You know I do."

Loretta grabbed at her sister. "Leese! Steven's dick. He's so fucking BIG." I dug another inch in. "Ahhh!"

Lisa frowned at me. "Steven. So mean."

"You said I was an asshole," I said.

"You are," she replied. "A fucking sexy asshole."

I pushed forward, submerged in Loretta's butt. She cawed. "Ow, OW! Ahhh!"

"Your sister's so fucking tight baby."

"You like?" Lisa kissed me, then wound around and crawled down next to her sister, on her elbows. "You like our tight assholes Daddy?" she asked. They were face to face, their smooth, bronze Italian asses displayed for me, side by side. A tandem feast for the eyes. 

"Watch us Steven," Lisa said. "Watch our bad fucking incest." They kissed, slathering lewdly. Hungrily. Two sister's hypnotized by the taste of each other's mouths. An achingly sensual, ball-emptying dance of tongues.

"God you two are beautiful," I said.

Lisa peered out the corner of her eye. Their lips slopped, stuck together. Spit threaded between them.

"Hot bitches. Here." I leaned over, between them. Hovering, I drooled a gummy spitwad between their kiss. The goop oozed over their noses, over their writhing tongues. 

As they frenched over my spit, I softly fucked into Loretta. Lisa licked from her sister's mouth, gobbling the spit up from Loretta's nose, her brow, her cheeks. She tongued her sister's ear, then drew back slightly. "You know what Steven likes?" she said.

"What?" Loretta asked. "Tell me."

"Dirty talk. It kills him."

"Mmm."

"Say, 'Sodomize me.' He likes that."

My eyes narrowed. "Fuck yes girls."

Loretta giggled back at me. "Steven? Steven, it hurts, but, can you please, PLEASE keep sodomizing me?"

My thrusts magnified, knocking Loretta onto her stomach. She reached around and grabbed her asscheeks, holding herself open. "Ahhh, GOD you're SPLITTING ME!" My cock plugged her beady anus, ruining it, stretching it. At the same time, Lisa swiveled, wagging her ass-bulging and muscular, exploding at the hips-the perfect cock-hardening, ball-emptying specimen. She knew how to work every part of that ass.

Loretta perched up and Lisa grabbed her. They pressed together. Their twin-glares oozed lust, cheek to cheek.

"Say it together girls," I said.

They smiled, held each other. "Sodomize us Daddy," they said.

"My fucking ass-slut sisters. Who wants it more?"

Loretta pepped. "I do! I do!"

Lisa spoke slowly: "Steven, I want it."

"No, no. ME!"

Lisa squinted, eyeballed me with ungodly fuck-me attitude. "Fuck my stupid, cheating ass," she said. "Sodomize your ex-girlfriend. Your friend's wife. Make me scream your stud name."

"God Lisa, you're so sexy."

"No, don't listen to her," Loretta said. Her eyes rolled as I pistoled my dick in and out of her ass, overhauled by Lisa's electric glare. "Yes, yes-AH! Stay in MY butt Daddy."

"But sis, he likes my ass better." Lisa rolled her hips, luring me. "Don't you baby? You always have."

"Shuttup Leese! Mine!"

"Your friend's wife is begging Steven, BEGGING you, PLEASE-"

Without stopping my momentum, I reached out and fondled Lisa's ass over the lace ridge texture, and tore free the stocking, ripping it down her leg. She yelped, her silky ass jiggling free. I circled my hand over her cheek, then spanked her. "Don't ever fucking lose this ass Lisa," I said.

"I won't. I promise."

I seethed, brimming at the pores. "I want it. I wanna be fucking in it."

"Then come and wreck it," she said. "It's yours anyhow. Come and fuck your friend's wife up her ass."

"No!" Loretta said.

I slid out of Loretta's butt; she sunk at the emptiness. My cock steamed the cold air as I moved. 

"No!" Loretta shouted. "Don't listen to her."

"Shut the fuck up Kitty." I scooted to the side, behind Lisa.

"Yes," Lisa said. "Come and fuck the hotter sister up her hot ass."

"Bitch!"

Loretta clawed at her sister-a cute, harmless little catfight-and they kissed again, an angry, aggressive tongue-fuck. Relishing the view, I wedged my cockhead between Lisa's ass-steel, impenetrable cock muscle against plush, boyant ass flesh. Lisa moaned over their kiss, and I praised them on. "Kiss you fucking lesbians. Kiss and make up like good little slut sisters."

Lisa shook her ass as I crept inside, moved her hand over her pussy. She swirled her pubis up and down, and I angled lower, found her quivering anus, and quickly, all at once, pierced the head inside. She winced.

"OH!"

Her butt closed around me, furnace-hot. She sighed. "God I needed that."

"You feel so good Lisa," I said. "Your butt feels so fucking good."

"No fair!" Loretta blurted.

I eased in a first stroke, up to the balls. "Tell your sister how it feels."
