 Some girls are super uptight about nudity and frequently by extension (though not always) about sexuality as well. But some girls don't think nudity is a big deal... some like being seen. Confidence and comfort with nudity is a spectrum and Patrick Bernard had dated across this spectrum in his life. A successful trader on a trading desk at a mid-tier investment bank, Patrick was enjoying his girlfriend Olivia's freedom with being seen.

You know how some girls freak out the moment you break out your cell phone or camera when they're changing clothes, or who get super conservative when you actually enjoy an outfit they're wearing because it shows them off a bit? Olivia isn't that girl by a longshot. When you've got it, you've got it, I guess. Olivia's big, natural, shirt-filling boobs garnered attention wherever they went, and knowing Patrick enjoyed the show too, she kept them on display day or night. Olivia's the kind of girl who'll wear a sheer top out to a club with just a plus sign of electrical tape over her nipples—if she covers them at all. 

She sent Patrick topless and naked snapchats during the work day or whenever they were apart, and she practically encouraged him to show his friends knowing he'd score points with the guys for it. On the nudity / fun / beers with the guys spectrum, she was an 11 in Patrick's mind. Olivia was 110 pounds of curvy, mixed Filipina fun and Patrick loved her for it.

Fairly early in their relationship, Olivia's friend Jessa began hanging around Patrick's place more and more often and became one of their mutual regular buds. Jessa began getting serious with this guy Jack she had been casually dating for about 6 months (ie, fuck buddies first, then the 'well maybe we like each other, let's actually date' thing happened) and so Jack also made his way into their lives with some frequency. 

On a warm summer Friday night, Jessa and Jack were over celebrating Jack's birthday and so the drinks flowed freely, and everyone was having a good time. If you'd see Jessa and Olivia side by side, you'd think they were cousins—but with like, a key parent or grandparent missing who had the boob genes... Jessa was lucky to fill an A-cup while Olivia overflowed her 36G bra. And in a moment of drunken brilliance one night he confessed to his girlfriend that he was dying to see Olivia's tits. 

Well as time passed, Jessa and Olivia talked about it and Olivia was like, "Hell yeah, no problem. You let me know when you want me to whip them out and we'll give your man a show." Since Jack's birthday was the next day, Olivia and Jessa decided this night was the night to "break out the big guns" and Olivia told Patrick in advance who always blessed Olivia's nude shenanigans. She loved that he wasn't possessive or jealous, and Patrick loved that Olivia's tits made an appearance whenever he wanted.

But going through two bottles of champagne as early in the evening as they had, and continuing on with great wine through dinner, everyone in Patrick's apartment was well past their normal alcohol tipping point, and the ideas got racier and racier by the minute. After dessert and a minimal amount of cleanup, Jack was ordered to sit in a chair in the middle of the Patrick's "man cave" / TV room to receive his birthday present. 

"You know what would blow his mind? If instead of just flashing him, you danced for him topless like at a men's club." Jessa said to her friend as they washed dishes together. 

"I could mash my tits in his face... let him motorboat me. Guys are so simple!" Olivia joked as she dried the plate Jessa had just handed over.

"Totally... would you be cool with him touching you though? We didn't really talk about that." Jessa said.

"Girl, he can grab, lick 'em, suck 'em, slap 'em, and whatever you feel he deserves—it's tonight or never, right?" Olivia replied.

"Oh my god, his head would explode. I bet his hands would be shaking too much to even unbutton your blouse if he knew what you said." Jessa replied, mimicking her boyfriend as she shook like a cartoon character in an epileptic fit.

Olivia swatted her friend on her ass as they both giggled. 

They washed out a few more cups and bowls as they laughed and joked and then Olivia said, "Girl, with your thin frame and round ass and my big tits... we could give him a double lap dance for a birthday he'd never forget. Patrick would love it too—you wearing a thong or something good?"

Jessa smiled and whispered "I'm not wearing anything at all under my jeans! If you're getting naked, I can get naked too!"

Their eyes locked at that moment as the epiphany set in... they were going to give Jack the best strip show / lap dance he would ever get, and Patrick would get to see his girlfriend's best friend naked in the process. It was a win for everyone, they were sure.

Olivia poured tequila shots for everyone and put some slow, pulsing EDM on from her Spotify playlist through Patrick's sound system as she and Jessa began circling around Jack in his chair in the center of the room. Olivia was wearing skin-tight booty shorts and strappy high heels, with a button-down blouse with a plunging neckline she had buttoned low and tied through the center like a halter top. Jessa was in stilettos and tight, stretchy jeans, showing her apple bottom well, with a crop top covering her tiny tits but showing her well-toned mid-riff. Patrick sat on the couch to the side of Jack who looked around guessing what was coming before Olivia announced it for the world. 

"Jack Jack, my man... tonight is your lucky night." Olivia said stepping in front of him and straddling his legs while standing over him before leaning her huge tits straight into his face, adding, "your girlfriend must really love you to get you the birthday present you're about to get."

"I love you baby!" Jack said gleefully. Patrick reached over and high fived him waiting for Olivia's tit eruption when she undid the halter and loosed the two buttons holding her top together.

"You know how at strip clubs, it's a strictly no-touching affair?" Olivia said directly to Jack while shaking her tits up and down with her hands. "Well today you don't get to see my tits unless you touch them, because I'm not taking this top off myself." 

"Ooooooohhhhhhhhh!" Jessa and Patrick exclaimed in joint surprise.

Patrick's cock got immediately hard realizing that not only was Olivia going to let Jack see her tits, but she was going to let him undress her to do it!

"But that's not all, baby..." Jessa said as she bent over in front of her boyfriend as Olivia stepped to the side. Jessa twerked her booty like a stripper for a moment and said, "This beautiful round ass can be yours too if you can slide these down to my ankles."

Jack looked over at Patrick like a kid in a candy store. His excited grin indicated he knew he was going to show off his girlfriend's best feature to his friend Patrick while Patrick's girlfriend did the same for him.

Jessa turned around and reached down between Jack's legs and grabbed his cock through his pants. "He's already raging hard!"

Everyone gave a yell at Jessa's comment and then Olivia shocked Jack by reaching down to feel him for herself, tracing the entire length of his cock with her fingertips as it bulged obviously inside his pants leg, saying sultrily, "Very hard."

"Liv, I'm going to go help Patrick enjoy your show a bit." Jessa said as she stepped sexily over to Patrick to give Olivia the floor, sitting directly next to him and leaning against him to whisper naughty thoughts while watching Olivia and Jack.

Patrick's eyes show wide open when Jessa reached between his legs to verify that he was always sporting a huge erection. But she didn't move her hand away from his cock—holding in and slightly and slowly stroking it up and down through his pants while they watched Olivia face away from Jack and rub her ass up and down his hard cock through his pants.

Olivia looked over at Jessa and winked at her—a signal they discussed while washing dishes—and so Jessa slid up onto Patrick's lap an began sliding her round, firm ass up and down his cock while he watched Olivia turn to face Jack.

"These tits aren't going to take themselves out, Jack Jack." Olivia said, putting both arms behind her head to lift and separate her huge tits as she rubbed her pussy up and down Jack's trapped erection.

Jack was too excited for his own good—nearly pulling Olivia and himself over the back of his chair struggling to get the tucked in halter knot out of her shirt—but he recovered in time and in moments, Olivia's demi-cup bra-covered tits were spilling into his face as he tugged her blouse off her shoulders and down her arms. She leaned into him, so he could reach behind her to fumble with her bra—but a bra this big has at least four sets of snaps on it and with one of them caught, it took forever to actually get it fully opened in the back. Once he did, Jack looked over at Jessa and Patrick and then up at Olivia's tits and slid his hands down the front of her huge, brown jugs, pulling the bra with him as he brushed past her dark brown nipples.

"Wooo! Hot, girl!" Jessa called out as she rose from Patrick's throbbing cock to step over to where Olivia and her boyfriend were grinding on each other before leaning over to suck on Olivia's right nipple directly in front of her boyfriend's face. "Do you want to try?" Jessa asked as Olivia exclaimed in mock surprise, "Jess-aaaaaa!!"

Jack wasted no time pulling Olivia's tits to his mouth, filling his hands with them and lightly biting and sucking on her beautiful, perfect, brown nipples. 

"Oh my God baby, this is the best birthday, ever!" Jack exclaimed. "Patrick, you should join the fun—at least help me get Jessa out of those jeans!"

Jessa leaned into Olivia's ear and whispered, "I love Jack, but your boyfriend's cock is huge!" causing them both to giggle.

Patrick did have a huge cock. Where any man would be happy to have the wood, Jack was sporting right now, Patrick's was borderline Danny D-esque porn cock. Part of his confidence and allowance of Olivia's flirtatious openness was due to the fact that he knew Olivia loved it, loved him, and few guys could offer both his cock and his income in a package that wasn't a complete asshole.

But at the moment, all he could think about was Jessa's asshole because as he began sliding Jessa's stretchy stirrup jeans down her hips, he quickly realized that she wasn't wearing any underwear at all. Patrick looked up at Jack when he realized, and Jack made some silly finger through hole poking gesture with his tongue sticking out like he was twelve but both men laughed anyway. 

Patrick continued slowly peeling Jessa's pants down to her ankles until he was face to face with the most amazingly proportioned apple bottom booty on an otherwise tiny, petite in every way, Filipina minx. Jessa looked behind over her shoulder at Patrick realizing he was studying her ass in great detail, so she pushed him back onto the couch and sat on his cock over his pants again, bringing Patrick's right hand to her hairless pussy and winking at him. 

Patrick didn't know what to do so Jessa pressed Patrick's fingers slightly into her so he'd get the idea, but he wasn't sure how far he should go with it at this point. Olivia was sitting facing away from Jack riding his overworked cock still straining against his pants while he held her huge boobs in each hand, massaging them and pinching her nipples while she egged him on with dirty talk, saying things like, "Can you imagine fucking these big titties?" or "imagine me riding that cock and letting you cum on my tits!"

"Are you imagining him fucking Liv's tits, Pat?" Jessa whispered over her shoulder as she slid her ass up and down the length of Patrick's rock hard fuckpole, which was straining against hope to get out of his pants.

When Patrick didn't immediately answer, she turned to face him and lifted her crop top off of her body, straddling him while facing him completely naked, her perfect hard nipples directly in his face. "You are aren't you... You want to see Jack titfuck her don't you... It's okay... I don't mind—it's his birthday, right?"

Patrick looked into Jessa's eyes and looked over at Olivia and Jack, where Olivia was now on her knees between Jack's legs rubbing her tits up and down over his cock through his pants and where Jack was clearly loving it but dying. Jessa looked into Patrick's eyes, then looked over at Olivia and her boyfriend, then back at Patrick who smiled coyly at her. Jessa climbed off of Patrick and went over to her overnight bag and grabbed something, then she knelt down next to Olivia while she tortured Jack to death with her amazing tits.

Olivia looked at Jessa as Jessa began pouring silicone sex lubricant between Olivia's tits, telling her "You know what to do."

Jessa went back to Patrick and said, "You'll want to see this." As she reached inside his pants, grabbing his cock cleanly. Patrick's eyes bolted to Jessa but then back to his girlfriend, who was now causing Jack to moan loudly as she unzipped his pants and pulled them and his underwear straight down to his ankles.

"Thank fucking god... my cock was dying trapped in there!" Jack exclaimed as Olivia looked straight into Patrick's eyes as she slowly stroked another man's hard cock in her well-lubed right hand. 

In that moment, Patrick and Olivia said all they needed to say to each other through the look they exchanged as she began pumping Jack's cock in her right hand as she and her boyfriend stared lovingly into each others' eyes. Jack and Jessa exchanged a similar glance and then Jessa leaned in and took her boyfriend's cock from Olivia's hand and went down on him as far as she could right there in front of everyone. A few more times she withdrew all the way to the tip of her boyfriend's cock slurping loudly before gobbling him back to the hilt and then she let him fall out of her mouth, saying, "There... nice and wet for you."

The moment everyone had been waiting for arrived, as Olivia wrapped her huge brown jugs around Jack's long, hard member. With Jessa's saliva and the silicone lube between her tits, she easily began pumping her tits up and down on Jack's cock causing him to moan in ecstasy and groan out a hearty "fuck yes!"

For the next ten minutes or so, everyone in the room watched and enjoyed Jack enjoying Olivia's titfucking efforts, but then Jessa began feeling a little self-conscious about how her boyfriend was getting all the love in the room and Patrick was confined to just watching... She had no tits to reciprocate a titfuck for him, so she made her way over to where her boyfriend and Olivia were going at it to push things along.

Jack was now standing and actively titfucking Olivia, instead of just laying back and receiving from her and after about five minutes of pumping her tits in this new position, his girlfriend Jessa leaned in and took him in her mouth to give Olivia a bit of a rest. Patrick watched intently as Jessa's tiny mouth looked absolutely stretched over her boyfriend's hard, pistoning cock, and even Olivia looked impressed by the display of vigorous throatfucking her friend was putting on. 

That's when Jessa looked over at Patrick, caught his eyes, and then turned to her boyfriend, Jack, and said, "Happy Birthday Babe!" while pumping his cock in her right hand. Then she brought his cock directly to Olivia's lips and told her to "open up."

Whether in surprise or on purpose, Olivia opened her mouth just enough in response to Jessa's command that Jack drove himself halfway into her mouth while putting both of his hands behind her head. In an instant, Jack's birthday present had turned from an external / outercourse event (handjob / titfucking) to one where he was penetrating his girlfriend's best friend's mouth—in front of her boyfriend. It made Jack's cock raging hard and his heart began thumping fiercely in his chest from the heightened erotic nature of what was happening. 

"Oh yeah, take my fucking cock, Olivia! Suck me off!" He said as he began pumping Olivia's mouth for all he was worth. Olivia again got that eyesight to eyesight confirmation from Patrick that he approved of her taking Jack in her mouth and so she tried turning up the heat even more by goading him on a bit when she'd come up to take a break here and there. 

As time passed, Jack got bolder and rougher with Olivia (who likes rough sex and role playing) and at one point Jack was facefucking Olivia with one fistful of her hair in one hand and her throat, tightly clinched in his other—loudly gagging her with every powerful thrust. His passion overwhelming him at long last after the alcohol slowed him from cumming for so long... he finally pulled out of Olivia's mouth and began drenching her face and tits with his cum, groaning and spouting dirty sex talk the entire time. 

Patrick's girlfriend faced Jack the entire time with her mouth open like a pornstar, catching a bit of his cum in her mouth but getting the bulk of it across her face and tits. Things had gotten so intense with Olivia and Jack that they had kind of lost track of Patrick and Jessa through it all, and were surprised to find Patrick and Jessa in a complete 69 position on the couch with Jessa deep-throating Patrick's monster cock and Patrick's deftly sucking on Jessa's rock-hard clit and tiny pussy while plunging his thumb in and out of her ass. 

"Damn, seems like everyone gets presents on my birthday!" Jack exclaimed.

"I'm going to go clean up really quickly—why don't you go enjoy the show." Olivia said to Jack as she made her exit. 

When Olivia returned about 15 minutes later, she stood in the doorway watching as Jessa was on her knees in front of both men, who were standing side by side above her, pulling her back and forth by her hair, making her take turns sucking their cocks. Jack was raging hard again and once hard enough, Patrick lounged backwards on the couch with Jessa on all fours between his legs sucking his cock, and Jack got on his knees behind his girlfriend. 

Jack pushed into Jessa's tight little pussy and everybody groaned as they experienced their first legit threesome together. Jack was still really drunk and having even more familiarity and freedom with Jessa, began roughly forcing her down on the length of Patrick's huge cock with two firm fistfuls of Jessa's short bobbed hair. 

"Damn, you guys turned the heat up pretty high in here when I was gone." Olivia said as she publicly entered the room.

Jessa just grunted as she got roughly fucked by her boyfriend who was busily driving six to ten inches of Patrick's hard cock into her mouth every thrust by forcing her down on him each time he pushed into her pussy. Olivia and Patrick locked gazes... the love they shared, and the understanding of just how sexually intense things were in that moment gave them both great pleasure. "This is hot. Enjoy it." Came the unspoken message between them. 

When Jack finally let Jessa up for air, she looked over at her friend and asked her to kneel down with her to do something special for Patrick—she suggested they both give him a double blowjob while Jack would continue fucking Jessa. Olivia loved the idea, as did Patrick and in moments both girls were sliding their tongues up and down Patrick's long, hard cock, and taking turns going fully down on him while the other licked his nipples or his balls or stimulated him in some other way.

Dirty mouthed Jack resumed his rough play, even taking some liberties with Olivia by telling her to "suck him, whore!" while pushing her head down from behind. But then the moment no one planned for happened during one intense interaction between Olivia and Jack and Patrick. Patrick was lightly slapping Olivia's face while Jack was barking at her to go all the way down on him and pushing her more forcefully down on him than he had all night. Even Jessa was yelling at her friend to "take it bitch!" as she reached over and pinched her friend's nipples.
