 You first meet Jordan at a music store, both reaching for the last copy of a recent release. You instantly began chatting away to each other, to discover that you are the same age, share the same taste in music, and a myriad of other synchronicities. The bond is instant, it is as though the two of you are orbiting the same planet. You feel excited, you want to take him home with you to meet Trent – you are sure they would hit it off, and funnily enough, Trent and you had just been talking about how you would both like to meet some new friends to play with. You had been toying with the idea of adding some playmates into the picture. You have both always been rather open sexually, and are easily intrigued by new "ideas". Trent and you have discussed a threesome, and agreed it could be worth trying. The more the merrier! 

Jordan and you seem to be so much alike that Trent would be sure to think he was great. And, to just fall into your lap like this. You thought it would be a difficult thing to pursue really. You and Trent were both unsure how to make it happen – but perhaps it is just simply happening. But, as much as you want to make it happen, and this seems like an opportune moment - you are unsure of how Jordan would take such an invitation. How do you broach the subject, without seeming strange or off-putting? 

Jordan suggests the two of you go and grab some drinks together. Spending quite some time talking, about anything and everything – the conversation just keeps going and going. As you cover subject after subject, it eventually begins to get personal, and Jordan seems disappointed to discover that you have a boyfriend, and a long-term one at that. So, you slip in a joke about how he could have you if he was willing to share you. (You worry he will be angry that you have come out for drinks, that he will think you have been leading him on because he has found out that you have a boyfriend. Hard to simply make friends these days – but mind you – that is not exactly what you have in mind.) 

He looks at you sideways when you tell him that if he were willing to share you, he could perhaps have you. He looks as if he is trying to read your face for the punch line. He laughs, as if he has decided it is a joke. But, you keep your face serious, although smiling warmly as if to reassure him. He plays along for a while talking about how cozy and fun that would be, his demeanor flirty and coy, before saying how entertaining you have been – and thanks for pulling his leg. You giggle, and assure him you are totally serious. And, that, of course, he would have to meet Trent first since the two of you agreed you would both also like to get to know a new "friend" first. 

Neither you, nor Trent want it to happen with a total stranger, but rather with someone new to you, yes, but someone who you could also spend some time with, someone you could both respect and whose company you enjoyed in general. Too much to ask for? Perhaps. But, luckily enough, Jordan seems to think about this for a minute and when he is finally convinced that you are totally serious, he says he would be totally willing to give it a try. Got to be spontaneous once in a while, he says to you, besides you are too cute to turn down. He smiles craftily at you. 

The two of you exchange phone numbers in between all the giggling and flirting. He agrees to call you in a few days. You smile broadly and rush home to tell Trent just what you have found.

Trent is amused but how childlike you are. How you giggle and play so easily, your light laughter. And your giddy excitement is endearing, although he is also a bit concerned. He wants you to slow down, to breathe, to make sure time is actually taken to get to know "this Jordan". You hope that Trent really is all right with all of this. For some reason, you want this very badly. You love Trent of course, but at the same time – the thrill offered by adding another person into the mix seems so seductive. When you speak to Jordan on the phone you will explain to him that you would like to have him over for dinner so he can meet Trent and spend time with the both of you. To be friends first, this is one of the rules Trent has insisted upon. That way you can get a feel for the person, and see how the chemistry is for all involved, and that whoever you decide to share yourselves with is a safe and smart choice. Someone you can respect and enjoy. It seems to you to be a bit idealistic – a bit fanciful to expect so much, but you will just trust and see what happens.

You chat with Jordan several times over the next few weeks, although he keeps asking you if this is real, as you keep insisting that it is. Again it affirms just how much you enjoy his conversation, his humor, just how much the two of you share in common. You already feel close to him, and he has said as much to you. It is a little strange, but you feel good about it. You grin happily to yourself. You have arranged a barbecue evening for you and Trent and Jordan to all get together. Both of you laugh at how crazy this is, yet how fun it just could be.

Jordan shows up right on time and does not seem too nervous. There is no hug or peck on cheek for you though, but you assume this is out of respect for Trent. There is of course a certain degree of awkwardness. But, Trent steps right on up to shake Jordan's hand, and you then usher them out into the backyard. For the first while, you and Jordan do most of the talking, while Trent busies himself with food preparations for the grill. Your conversation takes a turn to local politics and then all of a sudden, Trent is in on the conversation and Jordan and he begin a heated, yet spirited debate, which luckily ends in a gush of laughter. 

Suddenly, there is a sense of relaxation all around, and all three of you spend time talking easily, eating, and enjoying the warm summer evening. The food is wonderful. Trent laughing as he serves up the grilled fare, slaps his hands together and shouts out "Bring on the dancing girls, tonight we feast like Kings!" You all tumble about in laughter. Yes, you could easily all become quite chummy. It is refreshing to have some new company, especially someone that you get along so well with. You all tidy up together after the fantastic dinner and once inside, Trent throws on some music and you all settle into the living room with it's comfortably large and overstuffed furniture. 

At one point in the evening, you go into the kitchen to refresh your glass of iced tea, and Trent follows you in, throwing his arms around you from behind. 

He tells you that he thinks Jordan is fantastic. 

You smile, nodding that you thought he would think so since Jordan is so much like you and well, you like me an awful lot don't you? You wink at him.

The evening begins to grow late and yet you can sense that no one is ready for it to be over. Again, there is an awkward sense hanging over things, but this time it is an apprehension that feels sweet and somehow innocent. Trent is looking at you and Jordan is looking at you. You smile. You don't really know what to do. You know you want to kiss them both. Do you just do it? you think to yourself. And then you suddenly just stop thinking, and you reach over for Trent who is standing beside you. He comes closer, turning to kiss you. You watch Jordan from over Trent's shoulder and put your hand out to him. He approaches slowly, and Trent moves slightly away and relinquishes you into Jordan's arms. Jordan kisses you so hungrily, with soft, hot kisses that are consuming. 

Trent sits down on the couch and pulls you both down. You are now all snuggled together, with Jordan and Trent on either side of you. You trade kisses with the two of them and the fondling begins to grow intense. There are hands on jeans, hands in jeans, hands in shirts, and clothes are beginning to unbuckle. It is a little like a storm of foreplay. You are getting so worked up you cannot discern who's hands are whose. Eventually, Trent stands up and takes your hand – nodding in the direction of the bedroom. Taking Jordan's hand in yours, you all head down the hallway. 

Jordan lies beside you on the bed, while Trent stands just looking at the two of you. Trent whispers telling Jordan to kiss you. Jordan does not even hesitate. The kiss is sweet, and long, and has the perfect amount of tongue, just a tease and a lick of your lips. Your breath catches, you can feel a fire starting inside of you. Jordan begins to caress along your back, running his hands all over you and holding you closer and closer. You look to Trent, you wonder what he is thinking and why is he just standing there, you wonder. But, he nods approval at you and you allow yourself to sink back into Jordan's embrace. 

You and Jordan explore each other slowly and earnestly, while Trent watches and begins to run at the crotch of his jeans. You can see he is growing harder and harder. When Jordan and you are both breathing heavily and totally worked up, Trent comes over and begins to undress you. He sits you up and removes your shirt while Jordan looks on hungrily. No one is saying anything. Trent is a bit like a director, showing and offering you up to Jordan, who leans in to take your nipple into his mouth and toys tastily with it. 

Now, Trent begins removing your pants while gently forcing himself in, to kneel between your thighs. Jordan is still beside you, alternating between kissing you and licking and tugging with his tongue at your breasts. He begins to pull his shirt off, and stands to totally undress in front of you while Trent rubs his hand over your aching pussy. He watches Jordan too, who is smiling mildly, looking like a kitten ready to catch his first mouse. He puts his hand around his hard cock and strokes it slowly while still standing there. The three of you orchestrate an amazing symphony of suck and sex. 

You hold Jordan's cock in your mouth and lick avidly, pulling with your mouth slow and hard over his perfect member, then faster as Trent laps between your thighs, his tongue artfully licking at your soaking pussy. There are hands all over you, mouths everywhere, and two hard cocks, one jutting in and out of your mouth – one rubbing and teasing between your thighs. You see arms and legs, fit and tanned all around you, buttocks and balls, fingers and toes. Amazingly, it is like a myriad of body parts although there are only three of you. You feel like you are floating, lost lustfully in this haze of pleasure, as the two men work hungrily at you. 

You all are a jumble of puzzle pieces searching for places to fit. It is a hazy, intense expedition of flesh and bone. Yet, you are suddenly clear and alert as you realize that Trent is lifting you up toward him, and Jordan is slipping himself beneath you. Strong arms hold you from front and behind. Two mouths move over you, two tongues – slick and suckling, as Jordan bites at the nape of your neck from beneath you and Trent nibbles at your inner thighs greedily. You cannot stand it, all this teasing. As if they can read your mind and each other's, Trent begins to guide Jordan's raging cock into you. 

But this is not where it ends, you realize this is only where it begins as Trent then carefully begins to slide his cock into you as well. From above you, he pushes slowly and you are so wet it does not take long before both cocks are moving in and out of you rhythmically. The rhythm is slow and hypnotic, tight inside of you Trent then pulls out and flips you forward while Jordan remains thrusting, grinding inside of you. You tense your thighs tightly over him as you move forward. 

Now you can put Trent's cock in your mouth while Jordan is leaning over you, fucking you sweetly from behind. You lap at Trent's balls and move your mouth fluidly back and forth over his throbbing cock. Jordan is pulling at your nipples, holding on to them firmly while he bucks from behind you. Trent down below, snuggling in underneath to lick your clit while Jordan's hardness moves in and out of you quicker and harder. 

You are going to erupt. You are slippery and your mind is sliding. You can feel heat rising as you entire body grows rigid against Jordan's, pushing yourself right against him so he will feel the shudders. Suddenly you shatter; you are breaking apart with tiny electric spasms that spark into fireworks behind your eyes. At the same time, you can feel a fountain inside of you – hot and steamy, you have set each other on fire. 

They both pull away as you fall down from your hands and knees to lay stomach flat down on the bed. And, then they are coming, they are stroking themselves, and it is raining hot wetness all over you. They are coming all over you. They are moaning, and grumbling, even growling. 

And then there is the breath. You all let out long grasping breaths. And, the three of you then sigh, giggle and roll toward each other. You are all sticky and stuck together in an embrace. Trent then wanders off to get some towels and hot washcloths. You all wash each other off , soft kisses and caresses. The towels are then tossed aside, and you all roll into the bed together, under the crisp sheets. You snuggle in the middle of these two wonderful men. You curve yourself into Trent's back, holding him close, while Jordan spoons you from behind. You roll over for a moment to plant a kiss on Jordan's open mouth. And then turn back offering the same to Trent. You lie awake for a time listening and you can hear their breath deepening as sleep claims them. 

When you awake in the morning you are all still wrapped in each other. And you can feel the two men awakening, Jordan's morning hard- on nudging at you, and Trent's cock growing harder and harder in your hand. You sigh happily. 

You never thought it would come to this. This is the kind of thing that only happens in the idealistic mind of a romantic and kinky dreamer. You have to laugh, Trent and you are happier than ever, and so it seems is your new friend, Jordan. Perhaps it was inevitable – the chemistry between all of you is simply charmed. A magical mix of personalities that seemed to blend and meld just right. Jordan comes by often now. There is talk of adding another, and you wonder 'why not?'. Still, the three of you enjoy plenty of laughter and good times, good food, and now a very good friendship, that you all hope will last for some time.