 (For an introduction to the characters in this story, please read "When Three Wasn't A Crowd" in the Loving Wives category.)

Our life went on after our first threesome as if it hadn't even happened. We continued to make love three or four times a week, and went to the nudist camp or nude beach once or twice a month.

Denise was still willing to show her body in whatever way I asked, keeping me always thinking about how next to let some lucky guy or guys see the natural beauty of her maturing body. When I was a young man in college still looking for my first sexual experience, I had been quite sure I needed to score as soon as possible because sex surely ended at 40 or 45. Now, at the age of 45, I understood how wrong I had been – the anticipation and pleasure were as great, or greater, than ever before.

Our threesome in the pool that night at the campground had satisfied the curiosity of what it would be like to see my woman with another man, and I had let such thoughts slide to the back of my mind . . . that fantasy having been fulfilling and fulfilled.

After our initial discussion of the incident following sex that night, the magic night was not mentioned again for six months or more as we explored other avenues of exciting anticipation and awesome fulfillment.

One night, however, after reading an especially erotic story on a favorite website involving two men and a woman I turned and watched Denise for a while, envisioning again that night in the pool.

She was curled up in her favorite chair reading a book and didn't notice my stare for several minutes. Then, knowing that my thoughts were on more than just getting her undressed and into bed, she closed her book and moved to the couch, patting the cushion beside her for me, and snuggled up close before opening conversation.

"So, what serious thoughts are on your mind, Sir. Galahad?" she asked, nestling her head against my chest and stroking my arm.

"Have I ever asked you to do something that just totally offended you?" I responded with my own question.

She was thoughtful for a while before responding.

"Yes, that time we were on vacation and stopped at the adult store," she said softly. "When we went into the video room and you asked me to suck the guy's dick through the glory hole. I thought that was disgusting . . . the whole place was dirty and creepy. Thank you for not insisting!"

"I would never insist, not even something to do with me," I assured her, and she nodded her head against my chest saying without words that she trusted me not to.

"That's not what you were thinking about, I hope," she said after a quiet pause.

"No," I answered. "I was thinking about last year at the park when you . . . I guess I should say we . . . let Ron make it with you in the pool."

She chuckled softly and reached up to pinch me lightly on the nipple through my t-shirt.

"I wondered how long it was going to take for you to get back to that theme," she said playfully.

"What do you mean?" I was surprised at her words, because I had not really thought about the incident for several months.

"Well," she said thoughtfully. "You talked about seeing me with another man for two or three years before it actually happened, and then you just shut up. I know you enjoyed it, however, because of the way you made love to me the next few weeks. I just figured eventually something would trigger the desire again."

She knew me too well.

I stroked her hair and her face for a while, enjoying the way we could make love to each other without even undressing and having sex. That relationship was based on trust, each one knowing that their own pleasure and peace of mind was foremost on the thoughts of the other.

"You never really told me how you felt that night," I mused.

"Nor you," she responded, and I heard the gentle smile on her lips as the words passed through them.

"I enjoyed it immensely," I said truthfully. "I had wondered before that night if I would end up being jealous if you ever gave yourself to another man, but I've got to admit, it really turned me on when you opened up and gave yourself to him. I wasn't jealous at all, but just turned on watching your body as he went in and out of you. And then when you came, and later when he came, I had a 'thought orgasm' right with you. If you had stroked me just once or twice right then I would have made a mess all over everything."

"Hmmm," she said, lifting the tail of my t-shirt and making little invisible circles around my navel with her index finger. I just hugged her more closely and continued caressing her hair.

"I enjoyed it, too, but it was just physical pleasure," she began. "As long as I watched his penus entering and leaving me, or his abs or his chest it was okay. Whenever I looked at his face, though, I could no longer pretend it was you and the pleasure went away. That is why I closed my eyes most of the time. I enjoyed the sensation, but in my mind I was replacing the two of you, with you making love to me and him watching."

I thought about her response for a while.

"So, you enjoyed it when I was in you and he watched?" I finally asked.

"Yep, in the same way I enjoy exhibiting my body in public. I get a thrill when I see a man look and appreciate my body, I don't deny that. It is a risqué kind of thrill, though. Not one that makes me want to do them."

"Would you ever do it again?" I asked.

"If you want me to, and if you get the right kind of guy and the right setting," she said after a long pause. "You know I trust you to think of my misgivings about being that intimate with another person."

"Why don't we go upstairs and go to bed, and then get up later and lounge in the Jacuzzi?" I asked, trying to be nonchalant, but knowing she can always read right through me.

"Okay," she said, chuckling softly and giving my hard-on a squeeze through my jeans. "But first you have to answer a question for me."

"Shoot," I said.

"What would you have done if Annette had come with Ron to the hot tub that night? Would you have tried to make it a foursome?"

She knew I had watched Annette closely that day and had enjoyed myself doing so. She had probably also guessed that I had on occasion fantasized about having sex with the petite brunette. What she didn't know was that I was unsure of her thoughts along that line and had never allowed myself to play with the thought for very long.

"I don't think so," I responded after thinking the question over for a while.

"Why not?" 

"Well, it would be hard for me to do it with another woman and watch you at the same time, and the big part of the turn-on is not what he is doing to you, but that I get to see it. This is hard to explain, Babe, but when that was going on I was not looking at his face either. It was like I was a voyeur peeking in our window watching me and you together. . . Or something like that. I just can't explain it."

I know I finished lamely, but I am not as in touch with my feelings as she is and cannot as easily express myself.

"Men are born voyeurs," she mused philosophically. "Women have to be taught the art."

I pulled back from her holding her at arms length to get a clear view of her eyes. She was laughing at me with them, not in a hurtful way, but in a loving, understanding way.

"I think just once I would like to watch a woman respond to your touch the way I know I do," she said playfully. "Maybe we should do a different kind of threesome."

I thought about her words for a moment and then shook my head.

"It wouldn't work."

"Why not?"

"Because it would be over too quickly, I can only come two or three times and then I am shot," I said with a wry grin on my face. "And that might take only a few minutes. What would we do then?"

She laughed warmly, the laughter welling up from deep inside her as she shared this intimate moment with the person she loved. Then she took me by the hand and stood up.

"Come on, Sir Galahad, let's get upstairs before the first explosion spoils the fun," she said with a twinkle in her eyes. Then as an afterthought she threw one last quip over her shoulder as she dragged me to the stairs.

"For me a foursome would be no different than a threesome as long as you were comfortable with it."

************************************************

Four or five months later, almost a year since we had asked Ron to join us in the pool, we were at the mall and had stopped in Victoria's Secret to get me a birthday present.

As we wandered through the aisles I saw a young woman with her back to us who seemed familiar. Watching her surreptitiously for a few minutes I finally decided it must be Ron's wife, Annette – though I was not completely sure since I had only met her one time, and I did not spend a lot of time looking at her face that day.

I finally mentioned my suspicions to Denise and she checked out the young lady as well.

"Yep, that's her," she said with a sly smile. "But she does have more clothes on this time." We grinned at each other and continued shopping.

As we headed for the checkout we almost bumped into Annette as she stepped out of the dressing room area.

"Excuse me," she said shyly, ducking her head a little as she walked past us.

I hoped Denise would say something, and then knew she wouldn't. Our connection with Ron and Annette was my fantasy, my desires, not hers. She was perfectly happy to just be with me. If there was to be anything other than that I would need to take the initiative. I made up my mind in an instant.

"Aren't you Annette?" I asked the retreating lady as I glanced at my wife and saw a quick smile run across her face and disappear.

The woman turned to look at us in astonishment, not recognizing us at all as she mentally ran through her list of acquaintances and friends. Then, almost as an afterthought, she looked more closely at us again and I saw a blush rising from her neckline to the top of her head, followed more slowly by a shy smile.

"You're Denise," she said, reaching out for my wife's hand and holding it for a second before releasing it as she turned to me. "And you're Cal." She looked me in the eye briefly, but not in an unfriendly manner.

"We're here getting Cal a birthday present," Denise said warmly with a quick wink to the other woman, who looked up, surprised.

"So am I!" she said, and then laughed as she thought about what she had said. "For Ron, that is."

I couldn't help but break out in a wide grin at the young lady's apparent discomfort as she considered her words.

"I forgot that Ron and I were born only a day apart . . . plus ten years, of course," I said, laughing quietly. "You'll have to tell him 'Happy Birthday,' for us," I said.

She nodded and gulped, and then reached out and squeezed Denise's hand again. "Happy Birthday, Cal, maybe we will see you guys out at the club sometime, we went back out a couple of times but you weren't there. But now that it is warm again and Ron has been promoted to supervisor, he has more time and he will probably want to go out again this summer."

With that she smiled at both of us and then headed for the checkout. As I watched her go I looked at Denise and raised my eyebrows in an unspoken question. She just smiled back at me and shrugged. It was up to me. I took her hand and headed for the checkout.

"Could we talk with you for a second longer?" I asked just as Annette laid her piece of sexy lingerie on the counter.

"Sure," she said, looking from me to Denise with a question in her eyes. "I will be right outside."

Once we had paid for our merchandise we went out into the mall and found Annette sitting on a wooden bench. She was no longer blushing, but had turned quite pale, and I thought I must have overstepped. Nevertheless, I did not want the opportunity to pass without at least giving it a chance.

"I don't know whether you would be interested or not," I began hesitantly, watching her eyes closely to see if I was offending her. "But, Denise and I are going to our favorite beach Friday and then out to eat. Maybe Ron and you would like to join us?"

Annette stood up to face us, the blood rushing back to her cheeks in a show of relief. 'What in the world had she been afraid of?' I thought.

"Well, it is Ron's birthday, and we do have that day off, but I don't know what he has planned . . . I will let him know of your offer, though," she said quietly, looking timidly at me and then at Denise.

My wonderful wife guessed the problem that I was too blind to see. Scribbling our phone number on a piece of paper she had retrieved from her purse, she placed it in Annette's hand, closing both of hers softly around the receiving hand of the younger woman. They stood looking each other in the eye as Denise smiled warmly. Then the younger woman nodded and, without another word, smiled shyly at each of us and waved 'Good-bye," before almost running from the mall.

"What did I miss?" I asked my wife as we watched Annette's departure.

"Ron must have told her about that night in the pool, and she wasn't sure if the air was clear between the two of us," Denise said matter-of-factly. 

"You men are so obtuse sometimes," she added with a quick squeeze of my hand. "Come on, I can't wait to try these things on!"

***************************************

The call came while I was at work on Wednesday. Denise told me over dinner that Annette had called that morning to say they would like to join us for a day of sun and sand, followed by dinner.

"She asked what beach we were going to so they could drive their car as well," Denise reported. "When I told her, she didn't recognize it and I said it was up in the next county. She asked why so far away and I told her it was usually deserted with a lot of sea grass dunes not far from the surf where we could lay out nude and not bother or be bothered by other people. She just said 'Okay," and that they would meet us there about ten."

I smiled and nodded. 

"I suppose there was some girl talk?" I asked with a sidelong glance.

"Actually, not," Denise said. "We just set the time and place and let it go at that. I guess we will just have to play it by ear when we get there as to what may or may not happen."

I stood up and took her in my arms, hugging her tightly and then kissing her passionately.

"Do you want anything particular to happen?" I asked her, already knowing the answer.

"I want what you want . . . if it is not too uncomfortable," she said lightly, and then sensing my disappointment, added a remark that made my heart jump. "However, the last time we got together with these two you're love making was more energetic and passionate than it has been in a long time; I would not mind another three or four months of that."

I kissed her again, telling her thanks with my tongue for understanding me so completely and wanting to please me the way she did.

When we arrived at the beach Ron and Annette were already there, standing on the boardwalk crossover to the dunes and looking out at the sea. Her hair and the thin wrap which covered her bikini-clad body were blowing briskly in the sea air, and I felt a twinge down deep inside that said I would love for today to end as a foursome – but I wasn't at all sure it would, so I did not allow myself to get my hopes up.

They came back down to the cars when they saw us arrive. Ron and I shook hands like old friends, and he smiled warmly at Denise. She returned the smile and I saw that there was nothing there but gratitude that neither had made too much of their previous encounter.

We men carried coolers filled with ice, picnic supplies and wine coolers for the day while the women brought along blankets to lie on and towels for everyone.

As soon as we picked out a site in the dunes, Denise pulled off the shirt and shorts she had been wearing over her bikini, and Annette removed her wrap. Ron and I pulled off our t-shirts and we all reached for a wine cooler to get through the awkward moment of partially disrobing. Denise's bikini is not as skimpy as some, but does allow a lot of cleavage to show, as well as a good portion of her lower ass cheeks.

Annette's bikini was even more brief, though her petite figure was not as ample as Denise's so I was actually not able to see any more of her than Ron could of Denise.

The girls settled on what music to listen to – an oldies station – and we made small talk for about half an hour, catching up on each other's lives.

Finally, during a lull in the conversation, Denise stood up and looked out at the sea.

"I'm ready for a swim if anyone else is," she said, and we all agreed. As we reached the water's edge, Denise turned to look at me.

"Do you think it is okay to go ahead and get naked," she asked simply as I looked at my watch and then up and down the beach.

"The local sheriff's office has to handle complaints all the time about beach nudists, so they have an officer that patrols several miles of this beach with a four-wheeler," I explained. "He will come around about once ever two hours, but we won't know his schedule until his first run." I then turned to Denise.

"Go ahead, we'll use emergency measures until we are sure of their schedule," I said as she quickly untied her top and dropped it off her shoulders. She was lowering her bottoms when I saw Annette drop her top as well, and Ron and I were both pulling down our trunks. In a moments time all four of us were nude.

I picked up Denise's top, strung it through the leg holes of her bottom and my trunks and then tied it around my neck, tossing the two suits over my shoulders to hang down my back.

"Emergency measures," I said smiling as Ron and Annette watched my actions with amused looks on their faces. "This way, if we see them coming we can get our suits on in the water and walk out so they know we are not flaunting their rules."

"Good thinking," Ron said, smiling as he took his own 'emergency measures.' "We certainly don't want to get the local constabulary so upset they start running traces on our license plates!" We all laughed in agreement as we began high-stepping into the surf.

We swam for about an hour, with the two men at first swimming all the way out to a submerged reef we could sit on and talk, while the women played in the surf and collected shells. Later, they swam out to us and we cuddled with our respective mates in the water, touching and kissing and enjoying the freedom we had to be nude together in this naturally beautiful environment.

When we saw the officer coming up the beach we all put our suits on and were almost out of the surf when he slowed down to say, "Hello." He immediately recognized Denise and I as 'regulars' who he knew would give him no trouble and gave us his card. 

"Call me on you cell phone if you have any problems around here, today," he said. "We have some late spring breakers who have been getting a little rowdy and, for some reason this year, they have been visiting the secluded beaches the locals like best." We agreed to let him know if we had any problems.

"There's a bunch of them two beaches down," the officer added. "Since it looks like you guys are the only ones up here, I think I will go down and help out there, so the beach is all yours unless I get a call from you," he concluded with a twinkle in his eyes. Denise amazed me by stepping forward and kissing him lightly on the cheek. 

"Thank you, Officer Kelly," she said sweetly and waved as he sped off back down the beach.

"Was he blushing?" Annette asked, her eyes sparkling with laughter.

"I think Denise caught him by surprise," Ron said, smiling. "That blush just tells you he is an honest man."

We all then slid out of our suits again and headed up into the dunes for another wine cooler and a light lunch.

Once we had eaten Denise stood up and stretched luxuriously and then straightened our blanket. Rolling up a small hand towel to rest her forehead upon, she lay down on her stomach with both arms out and her legs slightly spread.
