 This all took place about three years ago when my husband came home from Iraq. This was his third tour so I know how men get when they have been without for a while. Scott had been a Combat Core man for his entire career, he was always sure to take care of his Marines. I meet up with him at the airport at about three in the afternoon. We waited there until his team met up with their rides before we left Scott saw three of his guys waiting by the pay phones looking rather pissed. He went to see what was going on.

When they all came over to out truck together Scott said, "We are going to have some house guests for a couple days." As it turned out these Marines did not give their parents the correct return home dates and they all lived out of state. One part of me was proud of Scott for taking care of his people like a good doctor does, the other part of me was pissed because I wanted mine and I am sure he wanted his. I had already made plans for our kids to stay with family until Monday so we could be alone. Damn it all!!

We stopped at the grocery store for some long awaited snacks not found in Iraq and also hit the liquor store. Guess I figured I would just drink and pass out. When we got home we all started chatting about home events and overseas. One by one everyone went and showered and as they came out of the restroom they were just wearing their OD boxers and tee shirts. I thought it a little bold but Scott explained the they took their down time as restful as possible. I understood this but was a bit overwhelmed glancing at their boxers and getting a glimpse of all these cocks on my couch. I was getting turned on!!

After Scott showered it was my turn. After the four drinks I had my mind was really racing and I got the idea to be a little sexy and see their reactions. When I got out of the shower I dressed in a near see through shirt with no bra (like I need one) and a really short but lose fitting pair of shorts. There I was half drunk horny as hell and did not know what Scott would think.

I dot myself another drink and went to the living room. Scott looked at me and said, "Damn girl all dressed up like your ready to get fucked."

We smiled at each other and I sat on the foot stool in plain view of all four of them. Listening to their conversation I would causally position myself so any two of them would have a crotch shot of my freshly shaven pussy. Scott was the first to notice and make a comment, then all eyes were on my crotch. They taunted and dared me to show them so I pulled my shorts to the side and spread my legs. Four cocks went instant rock hard!!

Greg, who was twenty-two, commented that he could just look at my pussy and just beat himself off. Scott just laughed and dared him to do it. Greg scooted a little closer to me with his cock out in his hand stroking it. I became so wet I could feel my juices running down the crack of my ass. As close as Greg was to me I could feel his breath hitting me. His cock about a foot away from me I wanted one in me so bad. I looked over at Scott, he motioned for me to stroke Greg. It was Game on.

I stood Greg up and pulled off my shirt, grabbing his cock stroking him with one hand and cupping his balls with the other the per cum came fast. Scott stepped up next to me and knelt down putting his hands in my shorts, I was so wet he put three fingers inside me with no problem. With his other hand he pushed my head to Greg's cock and in my mouth it went. I only had to deep throat him three or four times and he fired such a hard load into my mouth. He came so hard he damn near passed out. Greg hit the couch and Scott stood me up, pulled off my shorts, and pushed me over to the couch between Mark and Andy. I instantly started stroking their cocks while Scott started slamming his cock hard into me from behind. It was the Fuck of my life!!

Scott also came quick and hard filling my pussy so much so his cum was dripping out on the floor. I was sorta pissed I had not cum yet I asked when it was my turn? Scott smiled at me ad said, "Marines the ass is mine. You three share the other two holes."

I damn near came when he said that! Andy jumped up off the couch and went straight in (My first thick and long black cock) He filled me like no other man ever had. Andy fucked me so hard I got a really good three in before he fired off inside me. Just then Mark fired off in my mouth. We all had our turns, after a break to clean up a bit it started all over again with me on top of that thick black cock, Scott pumping my ass Greg and Mark taking turns spraying my throat It was truly the fuck of my life.

The following day we all sobered up a bit and as their rides showed up Andy first, I took him to the bathroom because I wanted his cock in my mouth after sucking his balls dry, Mark was next his ride was about thirty minutes out. I took him to the restroom sucked him hard bent over and guided him into my ass, just as he was ready to cum I allowed him to drip it in my open mouth. Now it was just Greg and Scott, they put me on all fours and drove it to me like a Marine could.