 This goes back a few years, when I studied in England, at UCL, but it's still something I think about, it still arouses me when I remember the night. I would have preferred to get a place on my own, but ended up sharing, answering an advert in a listings paper and getting a room in a house with four others, two guys, two girls. 

I don't know how long I'd been there, not very, when we all played the obligatory late night game of stoned spin the bottle. Chosen as everyone was too far gone to navigate poker. We drank, we span, we took our clothes off. Socks usually first, jewellery was allowed. I suppose I must have played this game before, but perhaps when I was so young it didn't mean as much, young is where the game should stay really, it really shouldn't be something grown-ups do. Still, we weren't that grown up, and I was certainly willing to be silly if it meant being naked. I felt the first tingle of arousal when I took my shirt off, then something a little stronger when Joules unzipped her skirt and let it fall to the floor, and stood in a pale blue vest top and a pair of white cotton panties. I watched Andy strip down to his underwear, displaying the sort of torso magazines are made for, I knew he put some work into it, but god he looked good, slim, tight, long toned muscles in places where I wasn't sure I had places. I also thought he showed more than the girls in a similar state, or allowed everyone to see the shape of his genitals, the length of his soft cock and the bulging packet of his balls. 

And then Brett, our American friend, was obliged to reach a similar state of undress, and we saw that he wore smaller pants, not quite Y-fronts, but high cut briefs, which covered but also failed to disguise the shape of his penis, which frankly and immediately let all of us see that there was a significant sized cock tucked away, either that, I thought, or he had the first stirring of an erection. And then this thought caused a murmur in my own pants. Which rose to a whisper when Kelly pulled off her T-shirt and sat in her bra and panties, when she sat and faced me baring the creamy slopes of her breasts, the tight points of her nipples, and what I thought, what I hoped was the swell of her pubic hair. 

I was still in my jeans and underwear when Andy was forced, well, not forced, when he was the first not to back down, not to stop. And he stood, swayed really, T-shirt long gone, combats discarded a few turns ago, he stood in a pair of tight grey briefs, the outline of his penis, the full shape or his balls now familiar to everyone. He waited, looking, forcing a smile, and then quickly pulled his underwear off, down his legs, stood up to a second or two of stunned silence as his cock uncurled itself -- I don't think anyone thought the game would go this far -- as it fell down and hung in front of him, in front of the dark round sac of his testicles, and then cheers and whoops.

Andy did a quick spin, showed his smooth pale bare ass, tight and firm looking, his now naked cheeks showing the curves and cuts of regular testing, and then back to the dark thicket of his pubic hair, the soft gnarled flesh of his dangling prick, his shaft slim and smooth, a slightly raised vein running along the middle of his stem, and his large looking tip, I knew I was staring, this was far from the first time I'd seen a guy naked, but I loved looking, and Andy looked good, his penis wasn't so big, normal sized I guess, but it was a nice one, his oval bulb covered with a soft layer of malleable skin, his thick rim large enough to show through, and the tight and wrinkled pouch of scrotum. He sat. I glanced as someone else span, at Andy, his legs crossed out in front of him, pushing his cock upwards, a small parody of an erection, flopping heavily left and right as he shifted, the point of his foreskin shielding his soft tip, his balls and contracted sac in full view. 

We carried on. To the crunch, which was, obviously, whether either of the girls would remove a piece of underwear. Kerry lost. And was due to take of either bra or knickers. 

"Come on, Andy's naked, look at him."

"I don't want to look at him, thanks"

"Kelly, come on, get something off."

I looked at her and smiled. 

"Kelly come on, we all will, right Joules?"

"Oh, yeah, right."

And the usual combination of peer pressure, intoxication and some small measure of exhibitionism won the moment. Kelly reached behind herself, undid her bra clip, whipped it down her arms and spun it above her head, threw it across the room. My tingle returned. There was definite movement as Kelly exposed her full and firm breasts, young and small enough to sit high on her chest, crowned with the dark and taut points of her nipples. 

More cheers, more whoops. 

I glanced, and glanced again Kelly's bare breasts, which were really rather lovely, not huge, but soft and pert on her slim frame, and, this was unavoidable, with those tight, dark, pointing nipples. 

I felt the tingle in my belly and groin. This was not good, not yet at least, and probably not at all, it would not be good to get a hard on, it would be bad form, surely, to remove my own underwear and reveal a hard cock, even semi-hard, not unless the game really changed. 

Brett was next. To stand, to wait, looking at all of us, looking rather sheepish all of a sudden, we watched him hook in his thumbs, bend and lower, and take off his tight white briefs, I saw a quick flash of soft flesh, dark curly pubic hair and tight wrinkled skin as he bent down. He stood up to show us his cock. And we looked, in a suddenly silent room. Brett was circumcised for one, which made him look more exposed, more naked, his unshielded tip formed a thick soft bulb at the head of his dangling stem. I realised his cock looked sort of large, frankly impressive in the way it had been released and now hung along his bare thighs. We all looked, at his suddenly exposed organ, realising it was obviously longer than Andy's, who didn't seem to care, and I knew it was longer than mine. Brett did his spin, showed us his tight smooth ass, and in spinning caused his bare prick to swing outwards, to raise up from the fat round pouch which was pushing it gently forward, hooking his thick fleshy stem out in a gentle curve. We looked at his oval and shiny glans, the rose of his tiny opening, his protruded helmet a slightly paler and smooth contrast to the thick and vein ridged length of his darker shaft. 

There were semi-ironic murmurs of appreciation. I was still in my jeans. I was falling behind. Then Joules lost, and somehow persuaded us to let her off, on the basis that she'd strip completely next time. She was already showing a fair amount of skin, sitting cross legged, in bra and panties, the mound of her pubic hair creating a noticeable bulge, the twin peaks of her nipples showing from the centre of her full and heavy breasts, also half exposed. 

Then I lost. I took off my jeans, stood for a second, judging whether I had the first stirrings of an erection. It felt okay. My prick felt alive, interested, fuller perhaps than its normal state of un-arousal. 

And then it was Kelly's turn to get naked.

"Come on, don't chicken out on us now."

"Oh, fuck it."

She surprised us all by standing and, without and hesitation, pulling off her panties and staying stood, utterly and beautifully nude, her trimmed but still thick brown patch of pubic hair framing the almost visible mound of her vulva. 

Cheers, of course, and whoops. 

She spun and gave us a look at her plump and pert arse, pale and smooth, split by the inviting shadow of her cleft, before sitting, legs together but bent onto the carpet, preventing us from getting a more explicit look at her sex, offering no more than the dark tease of her bush, topping off the smooth skin of her naked thighs with a crown of coarse thick hair. I ignored the pulses and quivers emanating from my prick, knowing now it was either me or Joules to strip next. 

Joules lost. 

"No way, I'm chickening out, I don't care, no way I'm getting nude in front of you lot."

"Come on Joules, don't spoil the party."

"I'll go first, I don't mind."

"Okay, you first, then I'll do it."

So I stood, feeling the heaviness of my penis, wanting to be naked, wanting (again) to be looked at, but with a sudden burst of timidity. Of nerves. I felt my cock make a retreat, was this good? It couldn't be, I knew what I could be like, I knew Andy's fair sized cock was impressive enough, was probably at least average, when soft at least, and Brett, well, I had seen a fair few guys naked, in various situations, various places, and his penis was about as large as I had seen, long, thick. And here I was. I took a deep breath. I wouldn't be the one to end things. I gripped and stripped. I took off my last item of clothing, and stood for all to see me, my balls drawn up close into me, my taut dark scrotum, my small soft cock pushed out, pushed up almost, I glanced, as people looked and clapped, I looked at my tight and slim penis, at the wrinkled length of skin I was displaying, my stem thin, narrowing to a point where the tight collar of my foreskin had formed a pink-brown funnel that obscured even the shape of my traitorously fearful glans. Ah well. We were naked, this was what mattered. This was what was arousing. 

I had my round of cheers and whoops.

"Joules come on, party pooper."

But she did it too. She stood, and, not quite as perfunctorily as I might have imagined, did a little strip for us. She unclipped her bra, held her hands over her chest, threw the bra at Andy, then held her hands above her head, jiggling her chest, shaking her large and smooth breasts. Then she turned, with a bit of a dance, and pulled her knickers down, slowly, revealing, inch by inch, the crack of her bum, then more, then all of her round derriere, holding for a second as she stepped out of her panties, still bent at the waist, still facing away, letting us linger over the smooth skin of her perfect ass, but also, perhaps unknowingly, letting us also look at the mound of her dark hairy vulva as it bulged from between her legs. I felt my cock pulse. Then she was turning, and, suddenly, to cheers and whoops, presenting us with a clear view of her naked sex, the thick vivid strip of pubic hair that topped the visible split of her pussy. 

I felt my cock tremble again, took a quick look at the other guys, without seeming to look, glancing at their penises to see if theirs had reacted. I thought both seemed bigger, Andy's perhaps more so. Was he? Was it? Longer than when he first stripped, thicker? Brett's also looked a tiny bit thicker, or more solid. I relaxed, so long as I wasn't the only one to get stiff, if we were all showing signs of arousal that was okay, weird, to be hanging around in the house, all naked, all of us naked, all of us with hard cocks, but better than just me. I tried to get a look at the girls, at whether they were aroused by any of this, whether there was any sign of dampness between their legs. They were both sitting in ways designed to block us looking. I looked away. 

We need more drinks, I got up with Joules to mix them, left the others to skin up a couple more whilst we prepared vodkas and coke, rums and coke, my lone gin and tonic. And this was strange, but nice, quietly erotic, walking from living room to kitchen, both of us naked, looking at her breasts as they moved as she walked, feeling my prick bobbling over my balls, feeling myself hanging, swinging back and forth, the air cool, caressing my naked body, seeing her glance down at it, as it swayed from side to side, as we stepped to the kitchen. 

We fixed the drinks, stayed to chat for a minute or so, facing each other, naked, allowing both of us to look at the other unimpeded, with barely any charade of trying not to. I looked, at Joules's bare breasts, at the thick dark bush of hair concentrating all attention, contrasting to the smooth pale skin of the rest of her body. I felt her eyes on me, almost physically present, as she looked, slowly, letting me see the route her eyes are taking, lingering low, staring at my naked genitals, the reflection of light connected my cock to her mind, my belly rolled.

And we chat, drunkenly, drug affected, about the night, about the moment.

"You know, Will, you have a very nice little dick."

"Well thank you Julie. A man can't hear that enough. You have a quite lovely pair of breasts, and from what I can see, your pussy, well, that looks quite delicious as well."

"Indeed, it is very delicious, can I tell you something though? I am partial to a penis."

"Indeed. Any particular penis?"

"I like small ones, lovely soft small little cocks, classical looking. Like yours Willem. At the present moment."

"Thank you, very much, and may I say, I am partial to pussy, to dark hairy thick wet beautiful pussies, like yours."

"It is like that, thank you for saying, for noticing, I do have a beautiful big hairy cunt, would you like to see it?"

"I'd love to."

"Right you are."

And she hopped up onto one of the work surfaces, 

and inched herself backwards, then pulled her legs up to her chest, keeping them together for a second.

"First however, you have to show me your cock."

"Here it is, you can see it."

"No, you have to show me what I can't see. Come on, I want you to show me the tip, Will, pull back your foreskin please, then you can see my cunt, close up. But no touching."

I looked at her, then gripped the still soft, still small shaft of my penis, sort of held it up, horizontal, and pulled back my foreskin, to show her my glans, which was now a little fuller, which now showed some definition, and which was also wet, so was slick, smooth, shiny. I looked down as I did it, as squeezed my prick I saw a tiny pearl of clear liquid escape the pursed slit of my urethra.

"Well, there we are. You can let go, if you want, unless you want to stroke it for me? Unless you'd like to masturbate for me?"

The idea was appealing, for both of us to masturbate in front of the other, coming together, watching her face contort with pleasure, watching me come for her, over her, spurting my thick cum onto her bare skin.

"Hmm, maybe later."

I dropped my penis, which was still soft enough to fall back down so it hung over the raised mound of my scrotum. I looked back to Joules.

"Right then little missy, show me your beautiful big hairy cunt."

And she did, she spread her legs wide, on the counter, showing me the whole of her sex. I bent slightly to get a good look, I felt my penis throb some more as I looked at the dark and thick pubic hair above and over the raised mound of her vulva, she let her legs fall apart and showed me her engorged labia, dark and full, the swollen cheeks of her pussy, the raised hood of her clitoris. I could feel myself reacting, in my belly, in my balls, I could feel my cock burbling with arousal as I looked at Joules, at the moist folds of her hot young cunt. 

"You're right, you have a beautiful cunt, if I may call it that, quite lovely."

"Thank you. You may. And you have a gorgeous member, if I may call it that."

"You may."

"And by the looks of it, it quite likes my cunt."

"Well yes, I think it's interested."

"Interested, yes, somehow, how shall we say, bigger than before. Your prick has gotten bigger, don't you think?"

"You may be right."

"I think I am. Your penis, which was soft and small before, is now longer, yep, and thicker. If I am not mistaken young man, you are getting aroused, your penis is becoming erect."

"No, no no, no way."

"Now come on, don't lie to me, you are getting an erection, your beautiful soft little cock is getting stiff, filled, flooded with blood, looking at me, at my beautiful cunt, you are excited by this, I can tell, you'd like to put your long stiff cock inside me, wouldn't you, you would like to look, and then when your are completely hard, you would like to put it inside me, you would love to slide your erect penis inside my tight little pussy, wouldn't you, slide your hard penis inside my slippery wet vagina, right up inside my moist vagina?"

"No, no, come on now, let's not get sordid."

"Hmm? Tell me, come on, you'd like to put your big hard slick cock deep inside my tight wet cunt? And fuck me, hmm, push and pull yourself in and out, until you come, until you ejaculate and fill my hot cunt with your thick cum?"

"Well."

"Willem, your penis is hard, admit it." 

"Only if you admit that your vagina is quite wet?"

"Um, well." 

"I am going back in the other room, enough, enough of this silliness."

I do, though I'm not sure why, when I think back, I'm reasonably sure Joules would have fucked me, had I stayed with her in the kitchen, I'm fairly sure that if I'd kissed her, if I'd leant in, as she was, or if I'd bent, or knelt on the floor, and kissed her sex, I would have found out for sure just how wet her vagina was, that she'd have reached down and held my stiffening penis, would have rubbed it and squeezed it, would have drawn it to her opening and asked me to push my by then very hard dick up inside her by then hot and soaking cunt. And we would have fucked, in the kitchen. 

This is what I think, these days anyway, when I think of it, which is reasonably often, I recreate that moment, exactly as it happened, but take a detour, and have me staying, staring, dropping to my knees and kissing her hairy cunt, holding her open and opening my mouth onto her wet pussy, licking, tasting, making her come there and then, drinking the sweet flavour of her climax, standing up, and letting her see what this had done to me, letting her look at my hard cock, pushing, holding her legs apart, pulling her onto me, pulling her tight damp pussy onto my rigid cock, feeling her wrap her slim legs around me, and fucking, there in the kitchen, fucking hard and fast, feeling her hands on my bare ass, sensing her arousal, both of us coming quick and powerful, flooding her with hot cum, the tight peristaltic muscles of her vagina rippling and squeezing my semen from deep inside me.

As it was I did return to the living room with the drinks, with my penis still hanging down, still swinging from side to side, but unignorably bigger than when I left.

They do ignore it though. I see Andy and Brett look, I catch both of them looking, and not looking away, I see Kelly give it more than a glance. But they say nothing. I'm not sure if this is good or bad. 

The night continued, as these sort of nights do, with increased inebriation and disinhibition. There were dares, as there had to be. Kelly is dared to run out of the front door, naked, across the road and back, which she did. Which we watched her do, from the window, four equally naked friends standing next to each other on our sofa, in front of a curtain-free window, with lights on, watching a fifth dart to and from our front door, her breasts bouncing delightfully, her bare feet making her seem more naked, glancing up and down the street, the yellow sodium street lamps creating a vivid contrast between Kelly's naked pale body, her thick dark pubic hair and the near black background of the houses behind. 

I needed a piss, and was subsequently dared to let everyone watch. Which I did, though I was unsure whether Andy and Brett were too interested, or if they were they assume a pose of indifference, but they all watch me. I ease back my foreskin, let everyone see the smooth, slightly shiny tip of my cock, point my super sensitive member at the pan, and let go. The girls say this is the first time they've seen this close up, stand silent as I let a violent stream of almost clear urine exit the thin slit of my penis and splash into the toilet water. I feel myself start to swell in my hand, being watched do this most mundane activity, eight eyes are creating a sense of physical pressure, as if they are all holding my soft cock as I piss. I shake myself off, I want someone else to do this, I think of daring one of them, I carry on, saying nothing, noticing though that my cock is now longer than before, again obviously so, straighter, fuller.
