 Copyright © December 2018 by CiaoSteve

CiaoSteve reserves the right to be identified as the author of this work.

This story cannot be published, as a whole or in part, without the express agreement of the author, other than the use of brief extracts as part of a story review.

This is a work of fiction. The events described here are imaginary; the settings and characters are fictitious and are not intended to represent specific places or living persons.

Author's Notes

Foreword #1: All sexually active characters in this story are over 18.

Foreword #2: This is a story and intended purely for pleasure.

Foreword #3: Thank you so much to a fellow story lover, Renate, for the inspiration behind this tale. I do hope she enjoys it and relates to my interpretation of her ideas.

Foreword #4: This is a sixth chapter in the "When the cat's away . . . " series. Although there is a little recap at the start, you may want to read the previous chapters to get up to speed with the story so far.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

Claudia Leber was happily married, actually she still is happily married. Steffen was the love of her life, a giant of a man in all respects. For all Claudia was petite, Steffen was huge; in stature and in endowment. What's more, when Steffen decided he wanted something he usually got it, and whether she wanted to or not Claudia always came to enjoy it. The only problem though was that Steffen traveled. It wasn't just a little traveling. Steffen would go often and be away for weeks. Claudia though, the doting wife, just got on with life, disappointed yet waiting in anticipation for his return.

It was on one such occasion that a casual invite to a Friday night drink introduced Claudia to Natalia, or Naty to her friends. It was just a chance encounter, or at least Claudia imagined it was just a chance encounter. It was though an encounter full of surprise, temptation, passion and, ultimately, satisfaction. Naty, the boss' wife, had touched all the right buttons and that chance encounter had become a night of wanton lesbian lust.

For days afterwards, Claudia had been trying hard to convince herself that it shouldn't have happened and wouldn't happen again. By now though it had happened twice more, once with a strap-on at the same hotel and then that day in the office. Okay, so that day hadn't exactly been a day of wanton lesbian lust, but it had been just as exciting and probably had much more of an impact on Claudia's life. She got the exposure that had been promised, and with it came a new role in the business and a sumptuous black leather collar.

She was no longer Claudia Leber, Accounts Controller.

She was now Claudia Leber, Mistress Natalia's secret little slut.

Having pleasured hubby Steffen for the last few nights, all to the order of Mistress Natalia, Claudia had packed and headed off for a weekend of excitement. What Steffen didn't know about couldn't hurt him and, after the last day at the cabin, it was a good job he didn't know anything.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

I hadn't slept like that for a long time. Was it the fresh countryside air? Or was it more likely to be the sense of passion and satisfaction provided by yet another time together with my secret lover? Whatever it was, I didn't know. All I knew now, even in my sleepy state, was a feeling of warmth inside. A comforting warmth flooding my body from below. A beautiful, sensual warmth, radiating outwards in all directions.

"Mmmm," I moaned gently.

I'd never had a dream like it. It seemed so real. The feelings flowing through my body, the gentle tickle down below, and the subtle buzz coming from . . .

"Ughh," I muttered, my eyes blinking open then closed again. "Wh . . . wha . . ."

I was struggling to break myself out from this sub-conscious dreaming state, needing to know just why I was feeling this way but, at the same time, longing for the stimulation to continue.

"Mmmm," I moaned once more, becoming restless as my senses reacted to the continual pleasuring that this dream was providing.

And then I felt it, a wave of pleasure running through my body, muscles pulsing in delight. I was awake, eyes now open but still trying to focus, and aware. Yes, aware was the word, aware of the buzz, aware of the tingle and aware of . . .

"Mistress," I called out. "What are you . . ."

I never finished the sentence as another wave of euphoria radiated out from down below. There, sitting on the bed at the side of me, was my lover. This morning though, there was something a little different about Naty, and not just the fact that she was balancing a long white wand atop my now pulsing sex.

"Mistress thought she had better wake her little slut up, as the morning is already half way through. I could have thrown cold water over you if you wanted, but I thought this might just be a little more pleasurable on the senses. You've got a busy day ahead of you, so time to get ready."

I watched as she stood up. Naty had certainly changed. Gone were the soft curves of desire which made my lesbian lover. Here, instead, was a more dominant and commanding Naty, a most definite picture of Mistress Natalia. She exuded both power and sexuality. Up top a black mesh top—I wasn't sure if it classed as a blouse or a body suit, such was the skin-tight cling—did little to hide her otherwise naked chest. Down below, a short black tube skirt clung to her curvaceous hips, leaving a foot or so of white flesh before her thigh-high black suede boots started. Oh, and then there were the killer heels. This, for sure, was a much more dominant Naty.

"Get ready, Mistress? I thought I was ready, what else do I need to do?"

"Oh, my sweet little Claudia. You are always ready, but today I wanted to give you a taste of what you will encounter in the future if you take on your new role. I told you it was all about exposure, so I have the perfect outfit for you to expose yourself in, right here under the bed."

Naty reached down and pulled out a box.

"Thank you, Mistress, it's beautiful," I replied, simply admiring the glossy exterior and my own naked reflection in its mirrored sheen.

"Go on then, open it."

I did just that. Whatever was inside had been packaged so well, wrapped invitingly in sheets of red tissue paper. Slowly, trying not to tear the paper any more than was necessary, I revealed the items inside. First out was a body, but not your normal body. This one was black, sheer and silky, enclosed at the back but open at the front, with a couple of lengths of black ribbon dangling down by way of fastenings. It was so intriguing, so sexy, that I hardly wanted to look at what else was in the box. It was Naty herself who helped, placing a pair of black opaque stay ups in my lap, the backs of which seemed to be cut out with a large fishnet pattern, and finally a little black velvet pouch.

"What's this?" I asked, giving the pouch a good feel. For sure the contents were a little strange, slightly bulbous and with a definite hard chill through the bag.

"Oh, just a little jewelry to go with the outfit. I'll look after it for you while you put the rest on."

I passed the pouch to Naty, still not having taken a glance inside, and started with the body. At home I had plenty, but none quite like this one. It seemed incomplete, the usual popper fastened gusset and any obvious breast coverage being the biggest omissions. I held it up in front of me, glancing at the shape. It came down to a thong at the back, what gusset there was immediately forking out into two thin strands each of which attached to their own side of the front section.

"Shall I give you a hand?" asked Naty.

"Yes please, Mistress," I replied. "I've never had one so skimpy before."

I passed the garment to Naty and waited.

"Turn around, away from me, and place your feet through the loops at the bottom."

Carefully I placed one within each loop, conscious of their apparent delicateness and not wanting to break the garment first time on. Slowly, Naty eased the body up my legs, those loops finally disappearing in between my upper-thighs and nestling in position on either side of my snatch. A bow, tied behind the neck, fixed the body in place in a strappy halter-neck sort of style, but still low enough at the front to leave my collar on display.

"Back to me again," came the command.

I did as she ordered, turned around to face my lover, and watched as ribbons were crisscrossed over the front holding the sides in place. A short length ran down from the top of my sternum, ending in a loosely tied bow just where my cleavage started. A second longer ribbon did the same lower down, starting from just below my pert breasts and finishing in a similar bow where my flame red bush began. As expected, the lack of any significant fabric around the bust allowed my pert tits to pretty much hang free, held loosely in place by the slightest covering of black fabric across my nipples and outer flesh. What I hadn't really counted on was the body being totally crotchless.

Naty kissed me on the lips then whispered in my ear.

"Looks better on you than I imagined. You really are Mistress Natalia's sexy little slut. Now, why don't you slip on your stockings and then I'll help you with your jewelry."

I sat down, and gently pulled a stay-up onto each leg. They were beautiful. Totally opaque soft fabric finished off with a scalloped lace top, and then the cut-outs at the back. Mid-calf, and again mid-thigh were oval cut-outs filled in with a large diamond fishnet mesh, almost matching the way that those ribbons held the front of the body closed.

"Oh, my little slut is so sexy, so seductive, so desirable," continued Naty. "Now, the finishing touch. Hold your hands out and close your eyes."

It was the chill of the metal which took me by surprise. My eyes shot open in an instant. Naty had called this jewelry, but what I looked at seemed to be a long way from what I would have termed jewelry. Yes, it shone silver and yes, it was jewel encrusted with a large ruby-coloured rhinestone affixed to one end, but I would never have used the term jewelry to describe what it was. Oh, I didn't need it explaining to me. I knew exactly what it was and where it went. The question on my lips was . . .

"Why, Mistress?"

"Good of you to ask, slut," came a sarcastic reply. "I can see though that you've even forgotten that as well. Don't you remember the orders I gave? Cum in your mouth, cum on your hair and skin, and . . ."

"Cum up my back door," I finished off her sentence.

"Yes, but my little slut chose not to follow all of the orders, didn't she?"

"But, Mistress, I still didn't let him cum in my . . ."

"No excuses. An order was an order, and you chose not to follow. So that makes you disobedient, and we know what happens to anyone who is disobedient, don't we?"

"Yes, Mistress."

"What happens, slut?"

"They . . . they . . . they get punished. Are you going to punish me, Mistress?"

"Don't tempt me slut. There's something quite satisfying in giving a little punishment, watching the redness grow across an unsuspecting ass, listening to the cries for forgiveness, and finally sharing comfort together along with the lessons learnt. But, given that this is your first discretion, I thought a little education would fit the bill more than punishment. I guess you know where this little jewel is going, don't you slut?"

"Y . . . yes . . . Mistress," I practically whimpered, scared at the thought of this lump of metal being forced up my virgin asshole.

I sat there, running my fingers over the smooth surface. It was the width, some four centimeters or so, which worried me more than the length. Would it hurt? I was contemplating this so much that I hadn't even acknowledged that Naty had walked away, nor what she was now doing. By the time I did, she was standing next to a leather armchair holding a small bottle in one hand.

"Come and take a seat, slut. Don't worry, I know it is your first time, so I'll ease it in gently. You never know, you might actually enjoy it."

It was like I knew what to do, what she wanted. I sat myself in the chair, raised a leg over each of the low arms, and eased my ass forward until it was hanging slightly over the edge. It was obvious, the choice of body with its crotchless gusset left me wide open.

"Close your eyes and relax, it will help," came Mistress' encouragement.

I did as she asked, at least I closed my eyes but relaxing was not quite so easy. I practically jumped when she went down on me, teasing my pussy lips with her tongue, easing me apart and setting my juices running. It was all too short though. Just as I started to relax, the feelings inside surpassing any fear, she pulled away. It was then that I felt it, a single finger dipping into my sex. I moaned gently, but again the feeling was all too short, before . . .

"Ughhh."

That same digit, coated in my slick juices, nudged up against my rosebud. I felt the pressure build as the finger pushed at my closed hole, trying to force its way in, a little at a time. Instead of relaxing though, I clammed shut. The finger pulled away, replaced by the coldest drizzle of what I could only imagine was lube. I shivered as it hit my warm skin and shook slightly as the finger returned, working at its target once more. I gasped as, without warning, my resistance gave way and the finger squeezed up inside.

Was it painful? I guess uncomfortable was more the word. Gradually that digit worked its way beyond my inner sphincter before easing off, a more circular motion of stretching replacing the penetration. A second finger, I guessed from her other hand, landed on my clit and gently massaged the sensitive nub in a small circular motion. Once more, pleasure overcame fear and I relaxed a little further. I barely reacted to the feeling as the finger in my dark passage started to ease in and out of my tightness. My mind was focused on the sensitivity emanating from my teased clit, and with it my body was relaxing. Even my tight rosebud was now welcoming that single invader.

When it pulled out there was a feeling of something being missing. I needn't have worried though as, before long, it was the chill of lubed metal which replaced the void. The pressure built once more, and I felt my sphincter stretch ever so slowly, taking in the girth. I'd moan and Naty would ease off. pulling the plug out slightly, before beginning once more with a slight rotation accompanying the penetrating force. Again, it wasn't painful per se, just strangely uncomfortable. I opened my eyes, giving Naty a quizzical look. It was like she could read my mind.

"You're doing so well. Just relax, it's almost at the widest and then it will just slip in."

I was breathing deeply, biting my lip, as she continued to work the plug into my anus. The stretch was immense, or at least the feeling was, and I was just about to call out for her to stop when I felt it. The sense of being stretched had suddenly reversed and now I was clamping down around the narrower neck, pulling the metal object deeper inside. A final adjustment from Naty settled the jewel up against my rosebud.

"There, all done now," came Mistress' calming voice. "My little slut looks so pretty with her extra jewelry. Why don't you have a look in the mirror and see for yourself?"

Why, I don't know, but something inside was urging me on. Slowly I dropped my legs, a little stiffness having set in with them up and over the chair arms. Sitting up was when I felt it the first, that plug sinking ever so slightly deeper inside. I stood up and headed off to the bathroom. It was a strange feeling as I took those first steps, a feeling of fullness just inside, of needing to pay a visit somewhere. I didn't know if I could do it or not. Stopping, I looked back at Naty.

"Go on, take a few steps. It feels odd at first but soon you won't even remember it is there. Trust me."

Slowly, gingerly, I made it to the bathroom and glanced in the full-length mirror.

"God, Claudia, you are one sultry little slut," I whispered to myself as I ran my hands up and down my sexy attire. Front and back I observed myself, loving the openness to the body and then the way that the thong disappeared between my firm ass cheeks. Standing like this, my jewelry was invisible to all but myself, the feeling of that metal plug inside being a secret for me to keep and others to try and find out. I turned around once more, now facing away from the mirror, and bent over. Glancing backwards I gasped. There, where my pink rosebud should have been was a ruby-red jewel. Naty was right, strange it might be, but it did look beautiful. I returned to the bedroom, already starting to get used to the feeling inside.

"See what I mean? My little slut looks so sexy now, don't you think?"

"Oh yes, Mistress. Your slut likes the way you have dressed her." I stood up on tiptoes and placed a soft kiss on her lips. "Would you like your little slut to please you now, Mistress?"

"You are an eager little slut. Mistress is pleased enough that you like your little outfit. Now, how about we grab a quick bite, I have a suspicion that you may have other things on your mind later."

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

Brunch over, Naty promised me a tour of the cabin, from top to bottom, every nook and cranny. She had added that, by the time we'd finished, I would feel up close and intimate with all its secrets.

"Can't wait. When do we start?" I asked.

"No time like the present. Ready?"

"Yes, Mistress. I'm always ready for you," I replied, blowing Naty a seductive kiss.

"All in good time. Now come on, let's start downstairs. It's my favourite room of the house and I think you're going to like it too."

It was the spiral staircase, tucked away under the main staircase which took us down towards the basement. I had to tread carefully, given the lack of light, but finally I stepped off the bottom and into a large dark room. Seemingly blinded by the darkness, I strained to make out objects hidden away in the shadows. Each, although inanimate, appeared to loom out at me in a "not if I get you first" sort of way. By now I wondered quite why Naty had called a dark, dingy, slightly scary basement her favourite part of the house. I glanced around, but even she was nowhere to be seen, although I did know that she was somewhere down here with me.

"Ready?" came a call from the side.

"Ready for what, Mistress? I really cannot see much at all," I replied.

I heard the flick of a switch and with it the shadowy darkness disappeared. Another flick, and more illumination appeared, until finally the whole room was bathed in light.

"What is this?" I asked of Naty, my eyes taking in all that had been revealed.

It really wasn't anything like I had imagined. The basement ran the whole length of the house. From the height of the ceiling and the little shuttered windows around the top of the room, I suspected that the basement was about two thirds underground and one third above ground. This did seem to tie in with the entrance to the cabin and the decking being raised up from ground level. Where upstairs was roomy and spacious, down here seemed to have been filled with all manner of contraptions. It was a bit like a gym, but I'd never seen equipment like this at the one I frequented.

"What is this place?" I asked, still trying to take everything in.

"Well, I guess that depends if you are a half full or half empty type of person. The former will call this a pleasure palace, but the latter would more likely describe it as an evil dungeon. Either way, it's a place of learning, a place of discovery and a place where fantasies can come true. Which do you think you are; half full or half empty?"

I didn't know how to react. I was still trying to take everything in and, more importantly, to understand just why this collection of bizarre objects was here. The middle of the room was dominated by several larger items. Closest to where we were standing was a strange metallic chair, somewhat akin to what you may find in a dentist's or doctor's room but looking more functional than comfortable. A bit further away was what could only be described as a rather squarish hammock, held in place with metal chains to a tubular frame. There was a wooden horse, like a modern version of the vaulting horses of childhood sports lessons, but something told me it wasn't for jumping over. The last item was the one which rang all the bells. Here was a large rectangular table, just like the one in my new office, right down to the loops and fixings covering each edge.
