 "She's a witch!" I could see the faintest trace of a smile on her lips. "No, I really mean it, a real witch with spells, magic potions and everything."

I was describing my new love interest to Carla, my best friend. I know that it is unusual for a man to have a woman as his best friend but it had been fact way for as long as I could remember. We were more than friends. In high school we had been lovers. When we were 15, she was my first and I had been hers. Although we dated others, we usually wound up back together.

Then came college, where we finally went our separate ways. After graduation she only worked for a short while before she married and had a son and a daughter. Then she was divorced and living with her mother again. I had gone into the service after graduation, came home, joined a major engineering firm, got married and was also divorced. (No children, which was a major reason for the divorce.)

Although we had renewed our friendship our sexual interaction is one of convenience. Once in a while, when one of us was unusually horny and there was no other recourse available, we would accommodate each other. For some reason, a single 38 year old man, with a good job and all of his hair has less problems acquiring partners for casual sex than a working mother living at home, so she was usually the one who called me.

I don't mean to suggest that I didn't enjoy it or look forward to it. If I had my way, it would have been even more than a regular thing, but I did understand that she had other priorities and did not want any long-term relationship then. I respected her wishes, and besides, I was not a monk and certainly was enjoying my "social" life. I even made a visit to my ex-wife now and then.

"No, I really mean it. She told me that she is a witch. I told her about you and she said she would like to meet you."

"Just how much did you tell her?"

"Almost everything!"

"Even about -- er --everything?"

"Yes, that too."

"Oh - oh, will she cast a spell on me?" I'm not sure if Carla said it in jest or was serious.

"Of course not, but she is a very unusual person. I think you will like her." With a chuckle I added "she says that she is a good witch." I thought for a moment before I said, "Look, when I told her about you she asked if she could arrange a dinner for the three of us. How about it?"

Reluctantly, she agreed.

On Friday night, I picked Carla up and drove to Laura's place. It didn't look like a witches house, whatever they were supposed to look like. It looked like every other house in the neighborhood except that it stood in the middle of a larger tract of land and seemed a little more isolated.

Inside it was bright and cheery with small, cozy rooms. Laura opened the door and the delicious yeasty aroma of freshly baked bread hung in the air like a beacon for my nose.

For some reason I had thought of the two women as opposites but when I saw them together I was troubled by their similarities. The were both about the same height and weight (with outstanding figures). Laura was a little younger but only a year or two. Carla had dishwater blond hair while Laura's was the lightest brown but both had brown eyes. Probably the main difference in their appearance were Laura's dimples.

At first Carla was quiet and seemed a little intimidated, but as we enjoyed cocktails and chatted she began to open up. Laura took us for a tour of the house while we waited for something in the kitchen that smelled heavenly. It was very obvious that we skipped her bedroom and another room that she said was her "studio." (I had never been in either her bedroom or studio. All of our "activities" had been in the living room or the den.)

Dinner, consisting of Caesar's salad, a standing rib roast with British style roasted potatoes and parsnips (my first time for parsnips) with peas and carrots was outstanding. During the meal the conversation turned to Laura's activities as a witch. The subject had been carefully avoided and tiptoed around earlier. She explained that she did not have any supernatural powers but was able to accomplish her "witchcraft" through the use of natural herbs, natural potions and some type of mild hypnosis. She also gave lessons in an oriental technique for self satisfaction and taught Tantric disciplines. We had a delicious mousse for desert and moved into the den for an after dinner aperitif and coffee.

I had been in the den before but the decor was an eye opener for Carla. Everything in it was designed to be used while seated on one of the many pillows that littered the floor. The moment we walked in it had a sensual affect on me that I can't describe. I could see that it had done the same thing to Carla. Laura left to get the coffee and Carla leaned over to me and whispered "Is this room doing to you what is to me?" With that she grabbed a feel of my hard penis through my trousers and laughed "It sure is, I think my nipples are as hard as your pecker."

I was using my hand to check the validity of Carla's last statement when Laura came in carrying the coffee tray. Carla jumped and I was embarrassed but Laura just passed it off as if nothing had happened. 

I tried to apologize but she said, "This room is designed to make things like that happen. This is where I teach my Trantic lessons."

I could see that Carla was as mystified as I was so I asked, "I'm sorry to be so dense but what is 'Trantic'?"

"Tantra is the teaching of the Buddhist scriptures dealing with sexual practices, techniques, rituals and limitations. It is truly a sacred discipline of sexual practices, but nowadays it is more a study of understanding what happens to your body when you make love and how you can control your emotions and feelings. Perhaps that is an over simplification but it is really a very deep subject, something I have studied for years. In layman's terms it is plain old, good, very satisfying, sex."

"What would it do for us?"

She looked me when she said, "Well for starters it could increase the length and intensity of your orgasms." I looked at Carla and she was wide eyed. "Want to try it?"

I said yes and Carla just nodded.

Laura asked me to leave the room for a moment so she could 'prepare' Carla. In just a couple of minutes she came out and got me. Carla appeared to be dozing on one of the large pillows.

In a low monotone she began by telling me to relax, that I was about to experience the most unusual experience of my life. I really don't remember much more. I slowly became aware that I was lounging on one of the cushions and had Carla in my arms. Although she was awake, her head was nestled comfortably against my chest and I had a feeling of euphoria that I cannot describe. She looked up at me and there was a glow in her eyes that I had never seen before.

I kissed her and somehow it was different from the other times I had kissed her. Her lips were softer, sweeter and more desirable than I ever remembered. Her entire body felt better in my arms and her hair had the delicate aroma of flowers. I was intoxicated by her entire being. I felt a sexual attraction towards her that was unnerving. A second kiss only increased the attraction but I felt that it was mutual. With a few deft movements I removed her blouse and bra and buried my face in her breasts. With every movement and every moment of time that passed I was experiencing new sexual simulations. I think Carla was too, because her eyes were closed and she had begun to moan very softly. I put my hand under her short skirt and encountered very wet panties. When I touched her pussy, a violent shudder went through her body and, [she later told me] she had a climax. Her entire body went limp in my arms while I continued to nuzzle her breasts and caress the wetness between her legs. It didn't bother me in the slightest that Laura was hovering in the background while I took off my clothes and removed Carla's skirt and panties. 

With Carla nestled on two of the cushions in an almost semi reclining position I got between her legs. Slowly, as if I had never done it before, I entered her. The feeling was pure ecstasy as I slid back and forth, in and out. I don't think I ever saw a woman enjoy sex as much as Carla was that that moment. Her eyes were closed, her back was arched, and she was emitting low, animal like sounds.

Suddenly she shouted, "Oh, my God, I'm coming again!" and she wrapped her legs around my buttocks in a vain attempt to keep me from plunging my cock into her. Under normal circumstances just the thought of her climax would have caused me to come, but I was enjoying the pleasure that I was giving her and wanted it to continue as long as it could. I was on the very pinnacle of losing it all but for some unknown reason I was able to gauge myself and teeter on the very edge of gratification. Time and time again I approached the brink of only to be able to stop and draw back.

She then had me lay on my back and was getting ready to mount my cock when Laura asked if she could join us. Although I had never thought of Carla and being a prude, I was surprised when she seemed delighted to include Laura in our lovemaking. With a giggle she helped Laura remove her clothes and had her take the position to lower herself onto my cock. In a completely matter of fact manner, Carla sat on my mouth facing Laura. I was in heaven. The liquid emanating from Carla was the sweetest thing I never tasted and my cock was embedded in the warmest nest one could imagine. Carla and Laura were caressing each other and kissing. I felt a shutter go through Carla and I think she climaxed for the third time in just a few minutes. Laura, posting up and down on my erect penis kept me on the verge of orgasm. It seemed like she held me there for hours. When she finally allowed me to go over the edge it was as if every nerve ending in my body was concentrated in the end of my dick.

I don't know if Laura had a climax or not. In fact, I'm not sure about much of anything for quite a while. I know that I awoke sometime later and Carla and I had sex a few more times. Each time was every bit as satisfying as it had been the first time. 

It was mid-morning when Laura brought us some coffee we finally put our clothes back on. Carla was weeping when she put her arms around Laura and thanked her for the dinner and the lessons. I was looking at Carla in a completely different light.

That was the beginning of our weekly Tantric lessons.

Four months later, when we were married, Laura was Carla's matron of honor. We were probably the only couple in history to take the matron of honor with us on our honeymoon.

Written by E J Sheeran. Copyright (c) 07-27-1999 by E. J. Sheeran. All rights reserved. This work, in part, or whole, is not to be distributed, reproduced, transmitted or posted, in any manner, without the express written permission of the author.