 Sorry this took so long to get out. You may want to go check out the previous chapters to better understand how we got to this chapter although I think it can stand on its own.

Several months ago, I lost a bet to my husband and his poker buddies that changed the course of our marriage. It started out as just taking advantage of my exhibitionist tendencies but resulted in my husband not only allowing, but encouraging his poker buddies to have sex with me.

Now, my husband is in Kuala Lumpur for the next few weeks. While he is gone he has given me a hall pass to have sex with his poker buddies. Not only that, he let them know it was OK for them to take care of me while he was gone. He calls me every night and wants to know in detail what kind of mischief I have gotten into for the day.

Earlier today, one of them that has a dominant streak in him, took advantage of my submissive nature and stripped me, bound my hands behind my back and let his 4 young assistants gang-bang me. It was demeaning, degrading and I came more times than I could count.

***

I am dead tired when I get home and I think I fell asleep immediately. I am awakened by the sound of my iPad. By the time I find it, it has stopped ringing. I know it was my husband trying to reach me from Kuala Lumpur.

I Look at the clock and realize it is only 11:00pm so I couldn't have been asleep for very long; maybe an hour or hour and a half at the most. I quickly run into the bathroom and run a brush through my hair before I call him back. My makeup is kind of a mess but I don't have time to fix it.

When I call John back, he answers right away.

"Hi sweetheart, I'm sorry I didn't answer right away. I guess I fell asleep and then I couldn't find my iPad."

"Rough day?" he asked with a sly smile on his face."

"Yes, and I need to talk to you about that."

"Seriously, are you Ok?"

"I'm fine, just a little sore. I think I am going to have to slow down and let my muscles recover for a few days."

"Tab, they didn't hurt you did they? I told Mike..."

"No, it's not like that. I'm not hurt."

"Tell me what happened."

I spend the better part of the next hour giving him the details of what happened at Mike's office.

"John, do you think I am a slut?"

"Yes baby, but you are my slut and I love it. I know you love it too so yes you are a slut but in all the right ways."

"Are you sure you are OK with your wife being a slut?"

"Of course I am. I started this whole thing because I knew you were missing something. You have a body made for sex and it would be a shame to waste such a beautiful work of art, hiding it away, never to be fully recognized for the beauty that it is."

"Thank you. I do love sex and I like the new me. It still feels wrong in my head but I have never had these feelings of complete lust and power and I don't know what. Even when Mike completely dominates me, it is somehow freeing. I don't have to make choices or decisions, I just do what he says and I have these fantastic orgasms."

"It sounds like maybe I am going to have to take a more dominant role when I get home."

"John, I will always be submissive to you. I love you. You are my rock and I need you. I will do anything you want, all you have to do is ask - or order me," I giggle.

"Okay my little slut wife, what else have you been up to? Have you talked to Lisa yet about their anniversary?"

"Not yet, she is coming over tomorrow and I will talk to her then."

I explain how I am going to tell Lisa that I will help her out by giving her husband his anniversary present of having her and I give him the night of his life. When she asked me to have sex with her and her husband as her 10th wedding anniversary present to him, I wanted to say yes right away. I love her husband Avery's big 10" cock and without her knowing, I have been getting plenty of it by myself.

However, since she doesn't know about my husband sharing me with Avery and allowing Avery to take care of 'my needs', I need to play a little bit hard to get and I intend to tell her that John has agreed that I can do it with one condition. The condition being that he gets the same for his birthday with her and I as the present. I'm not sure how she is going to take it.

After John and I hang up, I fall right back to sleep. I am still exhausted and need some rest.

***

When I wake up the next morning, the sun is already above the windows and I look and see that it is almost noon - again. This sleeping in until noon thing is getting to be a habit.

When I try to get out of bed, I am struck by the fact that my legs are so sore that I can hardly move them. I think being spread across that chair while they gang-banged me is what did it. Every part of me seems to have stiffened up and I literally crawl out of bed. I have never been this sore in my life.

Advil, OJ and toast are all that I can handle right now but I think a nice long, hot shower will do me a world of good.

After my shower I do feel much better and I wrap myself in a towel and head to the kitchen to get something more substantial to eat. Just as I walk into the kitchen, I see Lisa, my neighbor and best friend coming up to the back door. We are neighbors and we have a gate in the fence between our houses so that can easily go back and forth to each other's houses.

I know when it's bright and sunny out like today, you really can't see inside the house because the sun reflects off the glass of the French doors that are between the kitchen and patio and I startle Lisa when I open the door just as she is reaching for it.

"Hey Lisa, come on in."

"Hi sleepyhead. Are you just getting up?"

"I was talking to John and didn't get to bed until very late last night," I kinda lied.

"That's what I wanted to talk to you about. Did you talk to John about, you know, what I asked you to do?"

"I did. He said he is Okay with it."

"Yes! I hoped he would say yes. I know it's a lot to ask but I really want to..."

"Hold on. There was one condition."

"What condition?"

"He said I could do it but he wants the same treat for himself in June for his birthday."

I can see the wheels turning in Lisa's head. She knew it was a lot to ask of me and of John but she also knows we are pretty open minded. She just doesn't know how open minded. I don't think she ever thought that she might have to reciprocate.

"Do you think that Avery would be okay with that?"

"I don't know and I can't ask him without giving away what we are planning. I really hadn't thought anything like that through."

"I'm sorry Lisa but John was pretty adamant although he was getting a good laugh at the tit for tat aspect of this whole thing."

"Okay, I'll do it. I don't know if I will tell Avery or not but I will do it. I will just have to figure it out. John's right, fair is fair."

That was a lot easier than I thought. Maybe she had thought it through. Either way, I am getting excited although not between my legs. At least not yet. I am still really sore.

Lisa is just beaming and she looks like she has something to say.

"I want to go shopping today to pick out an outfit for us to wear."

"What kind of outfit?"

"I was thinking we could get matching outfits or something."

"How were you planning on springing this on Avery?"

She starts detailing her plan and explains that Avery wants to get away, just go over to Fort Worth to a nice hotel for the weekend. Their anniversary is on Saturday and they already made reservations for dinner on Saturday night at one of the nicest restaurants in town. I thought that she would likely want to surprise him after dinner when they got back to the hotel but that isn't what she was thinking.

"I want you to go to dinner with us. I want Ave to have two hot babes on his arm for dinner and then maybe a little dancing and then back to the room. I want him to be so horny by the time we get him back to the hotel that he is ready to explode. Well, I don't really want him to explode too quickly, tee-hee." 

"Oh wow, I didn't think about that, I thought you probably just wanted me to surprise him back at the hotel."

"Nope, I want you to be with us the whole night!"

"Are you sure?"

"Yes, now get dressed so we can go shopping. I want us to get dresses, shoes, underwear, everything. And, by the way, I am buying so don't even think about bringing your credit cards. This is on me."

"Okay but I have to dry my hair and put on my makeup. It is going to take me at least an hour."

"Alright, I will give you one hour and then I will be back to pick you up. I am so excited!"

Exactly one hour later she was at my front door, her car already in front of my house. She is really excited.

I put on a sun dress that I knew would be easy to get in and out of when we try on dresses and a pair of sandals with a 3" heel so I could get a better feel for what a dress would look like with heels.

The mall is right down the road and there are tons of high end stores that I knew she was going to drag my sore body through for the remainder of the afternoon. 

I also knew that she was going to take every opportunity to look at my boobs. She is somehow fascinated with them and every time we are together, she ends up touching them, hugging them or because she is shorter than me, talking directly to them, pretending they are her two excited little puppies. Until recently, that wasn't the truth but lately, I do get excited when she starts paying attention to them.

I am right, she drags me through the mall, hitting every boutique and department store that sells dresses. Finally, we stop at one of the smaller designer stores and she falls in love with a black lace mini-dress that has a sheer nude lining. She excitedly pulls me into the dressing room with her, both of us carrying our dress. Mine is not even close to a size 0 like hers. 

The dress is very short and cut very low in the front, dipping about 3 inches below the bottom of my boobs. The back scoops all the way down to just below my waist and the nude lining is very sheer and looks like it matches close to my skin color so that it will really looks like you can see my bare skin under the lace. 

There is no way I can wear a bra with this dress and I am afraid that is not going to look good on me. My boobs don't sag a lot but it is me and my 34 DD's vs. gravity, when it comes to this kind of dress. Lisa is already undressed and she and her perky little boobs that don't require a bra at all are already wriggling into the tight dress.

I get my sundress off and I reach behind me to unhook my bra knowing full well what is coming.

"Holy shit Tab, your boobs are so huge. I just want to bury my face in them."

"I know you little boob monster, now help me get this dress on."

It takes me a little more effort to get into the dress than it took Lisa but she gladly helps me tuck my boobs into place and unnecessarily adjusts them 3 or 4 times for me. The dress is tight but the material has enough give to hold everything firmly in place without squeezing so hard that it is uncomfortable.

We both slip our heels on and go out to the mirror to see how we look. 

I have to admit; these dresses are hot. Lisa looks like the dress was made for her and in the heels she is wearing even her short little legs look long and sexy. The dress is really short and comes just a few inches below her cute little butt. I also notice just how sheer the lining is when she steps away from the mirror. With the light behind her, I can clearly make out through the lace and the lining, the outline of her legs and what my husband calls the 'gap'. It is the space at the top of the legs where they don't quite come together; a visual a lot of men find very appealing in a woman wearing tight jeans, a bikini or nothing at all. Lisa's looks pretty awesome if I do say so myself.

I also know that if I can see it on her, it will be visible on me. Not only that but when I look in the mirror, if I look really close, I can make out the dark outline of my areolas as well. I like it and the dress looks fantastic on me. My more than ample and visible cleavage is going to steal the show but this dress hugs ever curve and it is smoking hot.

The sales girl takes us to their lingerie section and we sift through several styles of panties but ultimately decide we will just go without. As we are walking out, Lisa turns and asks what I would think about stockings and a garter belt. I know it will look super-sexy and we make a quick turn-around. I hadn't noticed any stockings or garter belts while we were sorting through the panties but the sales girl quickly took us to a very nice selection of stocking and garter belts. 

We chose nude color silk stocking with black seems up the back and lacy black garter belts to hold them up. We laughed at the difference in length of the stocking, mine being at least 5 or 6 inches longer than Lisa's. 

When we hit the register, and the total came to over $1,000 I looked at Lisa and asked if she was sure she didn't want me to pay for mine. She just looked at me and said, "This is my treat. Seeing Avery's face when he sees the two of us is going to make it well worth the investment.

Next stop, shoes!

Two stores down we find a really nice shoe store and right away Lisa spots a pair of 4" black heels that have a little ankle strap that she thinks will be perfect. I agree. Unfortunately, they don't have my size in that exact shoe but they do have a similar pair that has a 3" heel. Since there is a 5" difference in our height, we laugh and say this will get us a little closer together. 

Again, Lisa insists on paying and we head home with our purchases.

Once we get home, Lisa invites me to stay for dinner and we open a bottle of white wine. By the time we are half way through the 2nd bottle of wine, we have plotted their anniversary present down to the last detail or so I thought.

Lisa is a lightweight and by the time she finished her 3rd glass of wine and was starting into her 4th, I could tell she was beyond tipsy and headed for schnockered. 

She looked at me and said, "Tab, I need to tell you something," her words just slightly slurred.

"What?"

"I know."

"What do you know?"

"I know about the poker games and that you have been fucking my husband."

"Lisa, I don't..."

"It's OK, Avery told me everything. He told me after the first poker game."

"You knew? And, you didn't say anything? Why?"

"Avery and I have been talking about... you know, spicing things up for a while now and he told me about the bet and how you lost and what you had to wear and at first I was kind of jealous but not in the way you think. I have always been jealous of how you are with men. You are just so sexy and men just fall all over you. I'm not mad at you, I want to be you.

I saw you at the second poker game. Avery told me about the naughty school girl outfit you were going to wear and I wanted to see it for myself. Avery texted me when the game ended and I came through the back fence and watched through the windows. I couldn't see everything but I saw how that guy Mike treated you and I could tell that you loved it. Then I saw how the other men took you... including Avery.

I was a little jealous and even a little angry until I realized how turned on I was. I was watching my husband fuck you and how you could take all of him. I came three times just watching. And, it's not only that. Tabby, I think I want to try things... with you."

"You mean you and I?"

"Yes, because I watched again on the third poker night when you and Tammy were... doing it. I came so hard and so loud watching you that I was afraid that you might have heard me."

"Oh. Lisa I never did anything with a woman before that night, at least nothing even close to that but I have a couple times since and I really like it and..."

"There's one last thing."

"What?"

"That night I sent Avery over to fix the light in your kitchen... I watched then too. I saw how you took him all the way in your mouth. I can never do that, in fact I can't take all of that giant horse cock in my pussy let alone my mouth and, well, I saw how it made him feel. I'm just not physically capable of doing that and I want him to feel that way again, and regularly."

"I don't know what to say."

"You don't need to say anything. I realized that you could be the spice in our sex life that is missing. That's why I want you as our anniversary present. I know Avery loves sex with you and I want you too. Are you OK with that?"

"Lisa, I love you and you are my best friend. Mentally, I feel like I betrayed you. I feel like such a slut for having sex with my best friend's husband but physically, my pussy is dripping wet right now because I have been thinking about you... about us."

"Tabby, I have been thinking about you a lot... you know, sexually but I have never done... that... with a woman."

"But you want to?"

"Yes."

I reach behind me and pull down the zipper of my sundress, just enough to loosen it so that I can slide the straps down my arms. Lisa is watching intently as I slowly slide the dress down my arms and over my boobs. I can feel my nipples hardening as I pull the dress down over my hard little nubs. I am watching Lisa but she is intently focused on my tits. Once they are fully exposed, she is transfixed.

"Go ahead."

She briefly looks up at me and then literally dives at my chest, first kissing and then licking my left nipple. Then she does the same to the right and when she sucks lightly on it, I moan which seems to take away any hesitation. After that, she is back and forth from one to the other, licking, sucking and eventually biting my swollen nips. While she is sucking one, she is squeezing and tugging on the other with her fingers. 

Her leg is pressed hard into my crotch and her knee is pushed against my pussy causing me to involuntarily hump her knee. I can feel my panties are soaked and I'm sure she can feel how wet I am.

Lisa then stands up and starts pulling off her clothes. She is still standing over me so I can't stand up but I manage to pull the zipper the rest of the way down my back. As soon as Lisa is naked she pulls my dress up and over my head and then my panties off my legs, leaving me completely naked except for my shoes.

Lisa slides down on top of me and goes right back to sucking and licking my nipples like a starving baby. She can't seem to get enough. My legs are spread wide open beneath her and her knee, now pushed hard against my pussy feels so good. 

"Bite my nipples, make them hurt!"

Lisa looks at up at me with a huge smile on her face and then drops right back down to my tits and begins to suck harder and bite down on my nipples. I am close to cumming as she stretches my left nipple with her fingers and lets it snap back before she grabs it again and twists it hard. 

All that pain and pleasure shoots straight to my pussy and I buck against her knee as I start to cum. When Lisa realizes what is happening she momentarily stops to watch as my eyes roll back in my head and my legs squeeze against her leg, trapping it tight against my pulsating pussy. 

"Holy shit Tab; you can cum just from me sucking on your tits?"

'Yes, that and your knee rubbing against my pussy! And, I have been fantasizing about this for a long time."

I sit up and kiss her unexpectedly on the mouth. She initially pulls back but then accepts my kiss as well as my tongue into her mouth. I roll her over and straddle her while still kissing her. Once she is on her back I start kissing her cheek then her earlobe and then her neck, working my way down to her perky little tits. Her nipples are hard and swollen as I take my time, kissing all around the hard nubs. Then I gently lick one of her nipples with the flat of my tongue and I hear a sharp intake of air.
