 "What should I wear?" Megha thought to herself then yelled across the hall to her roommate. "I can't decide what to wear?"

"How naughty do you want to be tonight?" Naina replied form her room.

"Typical!" Megha smiled to herself. Naina was always more outspoken than she had ever been, and that's what Megha loved about her roommate. The two had been friends for years and were more like sisters. At 23, Naina was a couple of years younger and what she lacked in age, she more than made up with her adventurous attitude. Megha was still a bit reserved and a little more culturally sensitive, but both girls had one thing in common. Life is worth living was their Mantra.

Both women were professionals and independent and lived in an upscale apartment in Manhattan, New York. Megha worked as a partner in a Travel and Tourism company while Naina ran her own independent Jewelry design business. While still relatively young, the two girls were well on their way up the ladder of success through hard work, dedication and the initiative to make the best of the opportunities that life sent their way. In their personal lives, the women while still single had steady boyfriends. Megha had met Sidharth or Sid has everyone called him, through one of her clients at work. Naina had into Sean in the elevator on their building and a conversation had led to a coffee date and the rest as they say is history. Both friends approved of their dates with plenty of teases and sexually innuendos that go with being as close as the girls were.

It was Saturday night and the girls had decided to go on a double date. The plan was to have dinner at an Italian restaurant and then head over to a nearby Fusion Club. Fusion clubs are the latest trend in NYC where the music is a mixture of western hiphop and Indian Bhangra and Bollywood hits. The past few weeks had been very hectic for both Naina and Megha and neither had had any time with their respective boyfriends who were starting to feel neglected. To make it up to them, the girls had promised a fun night to unwind, relax and have a great time. Not to mention four weeks without sex was making both girls very antsy.

Megha decided to wear a long dark green ankle length skirt over her black thongs. Feeling naughty and a bit daring, she skipped her bra and wore a black halter instead. She topped it off with a thick sweater to make sure her 36D breasts didn't make the lack of bra too obvious. She wore stockings for added measure since she knew Sid loved how it felt on his skin. After finishing putting on her accessories she walked into Naina's room to check on her update. Naina was wearing black trousers with a red blouse which deliberately had a few of the top buttons missing, and was see through enough to reveal that she was wearing a black lace bra. Megha looked at her roommates round ass and couldn't see any pantilines.

"Thongs" She asked.

"Always!" Grinned Naina as she put on her earrings.

The plan was to meet at the restaurant so the guys don't waste time commuting. When the girls got out of the cab, both Sid and Sean were waiting by the door with flowers in their hand.

"Aww, that's so sweet." The girls said in unison and give their respective boyfriends a kiss.

The reservations were ready and as the two couples were seated, the hostess brought the wine and glasses were raised in a toast. Always the eloquent speaker, Sean said, "Good things are worth waiting for, and the two of you are worth every minute."

"Here here!" Sid added. "To the two most beautiful and exquisitely dressed women here tonight!"

Megha and Naina gleamed with delight. After all, which girl doesn't like to be doted like that by her man? Dinner started with a salad and bread sticks course followed by the entrees. During dinner, the couples were continuously talking, laughing and catching up. Of course the guys were holding their date's hands and gently touching them and on occasions kissing them as public display of affection. During dessert, Sid slowly and discretely slipped his hand under the sweater and ran it up. Megha smiled to herself when Sid's fingers did not meet the expected bra strap and looked at her with a raised eyebrow. Megha just replied with a smile and her eyes were full of naughtiness. Sid felt his cock twitch as the prospect of the rest of the night.

Naina and Sean weren't being too shy either. Sean had been rubbing his hand up and down Naina's thigh and Naina had her hand over Sean's crotch gently squeezing it form time to time. The good thing about Italian restaurant is that the lighting is always so dim!

The dance club the girls had chosen was only a few blocks away so the group decided to walk. The men took their women's hands and escorted them to the place. After checking in the coats, they got a table and the men went to get the drinks. Sean ordered a Vodka tonic for himself and a Cosmopolitan for his date, while Sid got a Rum and Coke and a Long Island for Megha. The guys also got four Tequila shots for the table.

"Thank you very much" replied the girls together.

Looking at the shit along with the drinks Megha asked, "Seems like you guys are looking for a good time tonight?"

"Were already having a good time." Sean said with a twinkle in his eye and he rubbing his hand up and down Naina's leg.

The two couple picked up the shots and downed then on one gulp. Megha turned to Sid and asked in a whisper, "Are you trying to get me drunk and take advantage of me?" Her expression was clearly of mock seriousness.

Sid simple look into her eyes, and replied "Yes."

The look of desire in his eyes made Megha's body shiver and she instantly felt his nipples get hard from the pure thought of the remainder of the night. Sid noticed the affect and leaned over to kiss her neck.  Sid wanted to tease Megha to he point of no return so he kept his touches and kisses soft, gently touching the her skin and grazing her sensitive areas. Megha's pussy was getting wet and her arousal was building up fast.

Naina pulled Sean to the dance floor and soon the two were dancing. Sean was the bad boy on the dance floor and his moves rivaled Patrick Swayze's in Dirty Dancing. Soon he had Naina moving around the dance floor and making her feel like a true woman under his control. He hands grazes her sides, his body touched her in subtle moves, his mouth and lips moved to her neck and gently kisses the soft skin.  It didn't take long and soon Naina was reminded how much she wanted him. Megha by now, wanted to take Sid on his own games, she pulled him to the floor as well and almost started dancing on him, rubbing her bra-less breasts on his chest. He wasn't the only one who could tease.  However, both Naina and Megha needed this night and their bodies were craving pleasure, and it was very evident.

The music, the drinks, and Sid's moves were making it very hard for Megha to keep her composure. Sid's strong hands hugged her form behind, pulling her closer, and she rubbed her ass on his crotch. Grinding into him with the beats of the music, Megha's body was aching to be satisfied. As Sid's hand rubbed her belly, she had to fight hard to not push his hands on her breasts. Her pussy was already wet in anticipation. A look around the dance floor revealed Sean and Naina doing their own erotic dancing. Sean was hugging Naina while moving to the music. He had his right leg between her legs and Naina was grinding herself on it moving her body in a very erotic and suggestive manner. Naina's pussy was already drenched and her bump and grind dance moves had pulled her thong up her slit, and was rubbing against her clit. When she turned and saw Megha looking at her with lustful yet desperate eyes, she got the message.

It was time to move this party home.

Megha saw her roommate whisper something into her boyfriend's ear to which he grinned and nodded in agreement. She turned to Sid and said, "Let's to back to our place. I want to continue what we started."

Sid didn't need any more encouragement and the four picked up their coats and took a cab back to the girls' apartment. By the time they walked in, the urgency that they were feeling in the club had faded a little. The guys made themselves comfortable on the couch while Naina turned on the music. Megha came back a few moments later with more drinks. Vodka shots – however instead of 4, there was 8 shot glasses.

"Expecting more people, Megha?" Sean asked 

"No, just expecting to get drunk." She replied with a naughty smile.

"Works for me!" said Naina and passed the drinks.

"Here we go" Said Sid and all four of them downed the first shot. Before any of them had recovered, Sean passed on the second glasses and on the count of three, the foursome repeated the act. The drinks from the club had been affecting them already and now the two vodka shots had really made the room start to spin. 

Naina pulled Sean off the couch and started to dance to the music. Sid on the other hand pulled Megha on him and made her sit on his lap and started kissed her very passionately. Megha slipped her tongue into his mouth, responding to his kisses with equal vigor. Maybe since the lights were dim or maybe because the alcohol and thrown caution into the wind, Sid slipped his hand under Megha's skirt and began caressing her thighs. His other hand slipped inside her sweater and was moving up and down her braless back. Their tongue continued to dance around each other, darting in and out, their kissing now getting audible despite the music. 

Sid wrapped his hand around Megha and his fingers were now rubbing the sides of her 36D breasts. Megha's more than handful breasts were very sensitive to touch which made her nipples poke out very prominently and she reacted unconsciously by parting her legs. Breaking their kiss, Sid moved his lips to her neck and gently began to suck her skin. Meanwhile his hand under the skirt was now caressing her inner thighs inching closer and closer to the damp heat his fingers were sensing.

Sean and Naina were "dancing" in the middle of the room meaning that their bodies were moving to music while each ones hands were busy exploring the other's body and their lips were hungrily sucking each other. The passion and lust that was oozing through them was obvious. Sean's hand were busy squeezing Naina's ample ass and caressing her covered breasts while Naina had her hand over his crotch massaging his very prominent bulge.  Seeing that Sid and Megha were lost in their own sexual trance, Sean went over to the other end of the couch, pulling the very eager Naina to him. At this point it had become blatantly obvious that each couple was oblivious to the presence of the other and any remaining threads of reason had been thrown out for the night.

Sean immediately slipped his hand under Naina's shirt and began caressing her bra covered breasts. Her hard nipples felt like small stones trying to break through the lacy fabric. Cupping the breasts with his hand, he pinched the nipple between the thumb and forefinger giving it a gentle pull. Naina took a deep breath and kissed her boy toy even harder, shoving her tongue deep into his mouth. Her tongue was moving around his hot mouth and licking his lips while her fingers were tracing the contours of his strong jaw. She sucked his lips hard when she felt his fingers pulling down the bra cups and freeing her breasts from its lacy confines.  Sean's fingers were hot as he caressed and squeezed the soft flesh of Naina's breasts. With his other hand he started undoing her blouse buttons, not caring that they were in the company of others. Within seconds, he had Naina on his lap kissing his neck with her breasts hanging out of her bra. Naina's 38C cups were capped with light brown nipples that were just begging to be sucked. 

Only a few feet away, Sid and Megha had completely succumbed to their lust. Megha had been parting her legs more and more as she felt Sid's hands get closer to her treasure cove. Megha was one of those women who when aroused got wetter than the average woman. By now, her thongs had been completely soaked and there was ever a small wet spot on her skirt. Sid was very well aware of Megha's special ability and made it a point to tease her more. He liked Megha's pussy to be steaming and dripping with her juices. To make sure Megha lost all sense of control, Sid pulled up her sweater up to her neck and started to kiss the soft bare flesh of her breasts. Megha was endowed with very large nipples that complimented her full breasts. Over two inches wide and over half an inch out when hard, her dark nipples were a perfect contrast to her fair smooth skin.  

Slipping his hands under the blouse, Sean expertly unhooked Naina's bra and pulled the straps down enough to ensure that he had free reign over Naina's treasures. He snaked his tongue out of his mouth and licked her deep cleavage up and down. He planted butterfly kisses on the top of soft breasts white his hot hands caressed the lower half. His thumbs were gently twiddling her hard nipples, rolling them around her areola while his fingers nimbly squeezed her breasts almost in a milking motion. Naina leaned back on the couch as Sean's mouth and fingers were taking her to the next level of ecstasy.  She guided his mouth to her nipples.

"Suck my nipples" Naina panted loudly, arching her chest closer to his mouth.

She was rewarded when she felt her nipples get engulfed in his hot and wet oral cavity. He sucked as much of the breasts as he could and licked his tongue around the hard nipple in his mouth. He slowly pulled his head back, grazing his teeth on her breasts and gently biting the nipple right as it was slipping out of his mouth. Naina moaned with pleasure as her lover expertly ravaged her breasts. She could feel her pussy had thoroughly soaked her thong and there was a dark wet spot on her pants.

Sid was already lost between Megha's breasts. She had pulled his face into her chest and he was sucking her breasts with the vigor of a man possessed. Her breasts had multiple red bite marks and her nipples were already puffed from the maniacal sucking they were being subjected to. Sid has already pulled her skirt up to her thighs and was now fingering her drenched pussy. He had pulled the crotch of her thong aside and was rubbing his finger up and down her wet slit. When he pressed his thumb on her engorged clit, and started rubbing it in circles, Megha gave a low guttural grown. 

"Lick my pussy baby," She moaned. "I want your tongue so badly!"

Not waiting for any more encouragement, Sid slid out from under Megha and got on his knees between Megha's legs. He reached up to her waist, and expertly unhooked and unzipped her skirt before pulling it down along with her drenched thong. Pulling her down by her legs, Sid made his lover lie on the couch with her ass on the edge of the seat. He picked up her right leg and kissed her inner thigh, sucking in her hot flesh. He licked a trail from her knee to her crotch and kisses around her pussy lips. He blew a hot breath on Megha's hairy and oozing pussy and saw it twitch. Sid loved the site of Megha's matted pussy hair mixed in with her juices. Keeping her thighs on his shoulder, he leaned in and kissed her womanhood. Feeling her juices coat his lips. Megha arched her hips in pure ecstasy as she felt Sid about to invade her pussy with his tongue.

"Oh yea!" She purred

Sean in the mean time had a raging hard on since Naina had been rubbing it over his pants as he was sucking the life out of her breasts. Looking at the tent with eager eyes, Naina's got off his lap and opened his pants up. Sean was more than happy to help her out and pushed and pants and boxers down to this ankles. His cock immediately sprang up and Naina licked her lips lustfully as she admired his manhood. Thick and hard, with its red bulbous head oozing drops of precum. She leaned in and licked the drop of the pre-cum with the tip of her tongue. His pre-cum formed a string connecting his cock to her tongue. Naina moved her tongue down and licked his shaft all the way to his ball sack. She pushed his legs apart and kisses his sack, which made Sean's cock twitch. Another blob of pre-cum oozed out of his cock and tricked down the other side of his shaft. Naina eagerly licked the pre-cum all the up to the head again, opened her mouth wide and took his head in.

"Oh baby!" Moaned Sean. "Suck my cock, take it all in!" 

He reached down and moved her hair to the side so he could see his entire cock disappear into Naina's hot mouth. Naina's was an expert at giving head. He especially loved it when she sucked his cock while moving her head up. Naina loved the way she could turn Sean on even more with her mouth. She started rubbing his balls with her left hand and stroking his shaft with her other hand while sucking his cock hard. He was being so generous with his pre-cum, discharging globs after globs into her hot mouth which she kept gulping down.

"You like that?" Naina asked not really looking for an answer. She swallowed his cock again, moving her head up and down, letting her lust guide her sexual actions.

Megha was moaning very loudly now, and by now neither couple cared that they were naked and having sex in front of each other. Sid was licking his lover's wet sopping slit. He moved the tip of his tongue up to her clit and licked around it. He moved his tongue down and gently slid it inside her eager opening. As he snaked his tongue inside, he was rewarded with a guttural grown from Megha and a fresh flood of her juices. The tangy salty taste of her warm juices always got Sid even wilder. The more she oozed, the more he licked. Sid cupped his mouth on her pussy, pushing his tongue deeper into her pussy. His pressed her upper lip on her hard clit, and felt Megha's finger hold his head and push in harder into her pussy. Megha wrapped her legs around his head and started grinding her pussy onto his mouth harder.

"Yea baby, I'm goona cum" She panted. "Don't' stop please, don't stop!"

Sid darted his tongue in and out of her pussy, still rubbing her clit with his lips. Knowing she was ready to go over he started humming as he worked his mouth and the sudden vibrations pushed Megha to the edge. 

"Oh God!!!" Megha screamed as an intense wave of pleasure rippled through her. Her breath was coming out is gasps as she rode her pleasure that started from her pussy and ended through every point of her body. Sid continued to tongue her pussy, slowing his intensity as Megha slowly called down and started planting gentle kisses on her pussy. Then he got up and started kisses her lips with his cum covered lips. 

Sean was out of his mind by now. Naina's mouth, as always, had made his desire go wild. He wanted to fuck Naina till she screamed and then he was going to do it again till she could take it any more. Pulling his hot swollen shiny cock from her mouth, he pulled her pants and things down in one swift move and guided her to the wide arm rest of the couch. Standing up between her wide open legs, he guided his rock hard pre-cum oozing cock on her extremely wet and shaved pussy. Holding her legs wide apart by the ankles, Sean thrust his hips forward and pushed his thick bulbous head into her pussy.

"Oh yea!" Naina squeezed. "Fuck my pussy, shove it all in!"

Sean leaned forward and eased his entire shaft in, opening Naina's pussy up with every inch until his entire length was buried up to the hilt. He felt Naina's pussy squeeze his cock which made him swell even more.

"Fill me up with that hard cock!" Naina groaned. She was definitely more vocal and aggressive than her roommate and that complimented Sean's bad boy look very well. Sean moved his hips back and forth, moving the entire length of his took in and out, driving Naina more insane with each movement. He moved slowly at first giving Naina's time to get used to his cock, but Naina wasn't having any of that.
