 Jane

Once first contact happened, things really took off between me and my mysterious new suitors. I was surprised but pretty pleased when I was claimed by the trio for the foreseeable future. I got a special thrill when word came down that Cal himself was interested in picking up my servile moniker of choice- “Master”. I squirmed when I read Randy’s latest missive declaring this. It also meant that now, all three guys had my number and they wanted me to end my time online. So I did.

Step one, I deactivated all of my profiles, giving Randy my Skype and Facebook info instead. I got his friend request right away and accepted it. Not too long after, the text messages started.

Randy Baby:Hey Janey-girl. I see your profile’s gone. Does that mean you want to be ours? Are we doing this?

Jane: We’re doing this, bro. We’re making it happen.

Randy Baby: Mm, talk nerdy to me, honey.

The guys and me are all super-fucking-excited, I hope you know.

Jane: I’m excited too... and not just because of the sexual potential to having all three of you.

Randy Baby: Oh yeah? >:D

Jane: Of course! I’ve only gotten so much of an idea of what your buddies are like through you. I want to get closer to them and see what they have to say for themselves. Like, it’s great to hear that Cal wants me as his sub. But he needs to say it to me himself. He needs to command me and claim me directly.

Randy Baby: I get that. And believe me, the guys will be pouncing on you themselves soon enough.

Jane: God, I’m nervous. All of you seem so interesting and sexy and I’m

My finger hit send, but I hadn’t wanted that thought to go through. I cursed. Part of me still couldn’t accept the attention Randy and his friends (apparently) were giving me. Blame my ex- his years of gaslighting, manipulating, lying and tearing me down had utterly destroyed what little confidence I had in myself. This was a chance for me to start over, and find someone I could really love who would cherish me, and here were three guys who all said I was the woman of their dreams. I didn’t want my neuroses and fears fucking that up before it had a chance. Plus, what would they think of me when they found out about my twisted mind? So far Randy and I had talked only light, easy fetishes. They didn’t know yet how fucking perverted I was. They didn’t have any idea that the deeper they went into me, the darker and crazier it got.

Randy Baby: Jane? You ok? What’s wrong, Janey?

I’d left him hanging on that last message too long. I sighed roughly. I wasn’t gonna hide since I’d flubbed it, so it was better to tell him the truth. At least part of it.

Jane: I’m afraid that I’m not good enough for you.

You guys don’t really know yet what you’re getting into with me. I have... a lot of baggage and... issues. It’s a long story

Randy Baby: Oh, sweetie. Don’t think like that. Between the three of us, we’ve got more issues than Mad magazine. All kinds of shit- really anything you can think of. I mean, look at ME! I’m the ugly duckling tagging around two insanely good looking dudes. I’ve got such a fucking complex about it

I smiled weakly at seeing his words, and yeah, I could understand that. M was so blindingly beautiful I bet he got the most attention of the three of them. Cal though, was also pretty extraordinary. Then there was Randy. Short, scrawny and scruffy- not a typically idealized body type for a guy, and he wore “geek” like a badge of honor. But when I looked at his pics, I saw this amazing joie de vivre in his mile-wide smile. Randy had the look of someone who knew what he was and gave zero fucks about it. To me, he was just as smoking hot as his friends, and I seriously dug their variety.

Jane: I get that; it’s not like I expected you all to have perfect lives or anything. Maybe it’s just me, but when I look at you three I see something incredible and I don’t understand why you haven’t found anyone to share it.

Jane: Me, I’m just some average chubby girl with her nose in a book half the time. I was a super weird kid so I have all the complexes from that, and a little less than two years ago I got out of a really bad, unhealthy relationship, and I’m still reeling. It’s better, but I’m gonna be dealing with the aftermath.

There, that was something. If I were going to have anything long-term with these dudes, they were gonna see the damage and that ugly part of me sooner or later. Might as well prepare them going in.

Randy took a few minutes to get back to me, but when he did I immediately saw why. So far when we talked, he’d been really goofy and upbeat, but the text he replied with was a lot more serious and strangely poetic, like he’d spent a minute carefully writing it out.

Randy Baby: Jane, when I first read your profile, I saw absolutely nothing average about you. I saw someone who was funny, sweet, smart, brave, sexy, and just the perfect match to three wildly different but super close guys who’ve been waiting to become whole. Whatever issues we all have, whatever complexes and bad pasts and shit we’re carrying around, it’ll all come up when it needs to and we’ll face it all, together. I can’t promise you everything will be totally perfect the moment you fall into our arms the first time, but I can promise you we’re not going to give up until it is. Maybe we’ve never found our girl simply because she’s you, Janey-babe. You went through some shit, we went through some shit. It’ll be so much easier to face the shit to come with each other.

I gasped, and tears filled my eyes. Who couldn’t fall for this guy? This sweet, thoughtful, wiser-than-he-looked nerd with a huge cock and dirty mouth?

I was able to respond after a couple of minutes.

Jane: Wow, Randy.

I mean... That’s one of the most incredibly sweet messages I’ve ever gotten.

Randy Baby: Well sexy I may not be the hopeless romantic of our crew, but I have my moments

Besides, if you think that was good, just wait until I eat your pussy the first time ;D

I laughed, and that exchange really set the mood for me and Randy, as far as it went. Moments of deep profundity in between light cracks, geeky stuff, and easy perversion. 

Over the next few days and weeks, I was quick to learn about the surprising depth in all three of these guys, as well as the indescribable strength of their bond. We talked mostly via text message and PM online, which is honestly how I prefer it. I feel like I can get to know people better through a pure exchange of text first; the English major in me is all about the written word. 

I heard from the other two guys in relatively short order, M first, and most exuberantly.

Prettyboy M: Jane! Oh darling, sweetheart! I’m so excited. It’s M, btw. Probably should have led with that, but oh well!

I can’t tell you enough how long I’ve been waiting for this, honey. Now that it’s happening I can barely believe it’s real. It’s like a dream.

Jane: Hehe ^//^ Hi, M! It is exciting to finally speak to one of you that’s not Randy. Not that I haven’t been enjoying talking to Randy. He’s kind of a handful though!

Prettyboy M: Oh, he’s much more than a handful, baby. You’re going to need both for him. XD

Double entendres aside, meeting you means the WORLD to me, Jane. I hope you understand that, truly.

I actually blushed over the screen of my phone. I mean, the most impossibly beautiful man I’ve ever seen was interested in me. Me! At best, I felt cute. Sometimes I even felt pretty. But this guy? He was every super-popular boy in high school that would never have paid attention to me. He was Jake Gyllenhaal, or maybe even Chris Hemsworth levels of hot! Every pic I saw of him was utterly dazzling.

Jane: I honestly don’t know anything yet, M. I mean, this is all incredibly new to me. I never expected to find a poly trio as tempting as you are, and there’s a lot of stuff I need to figure out. I think I’m afraid to get my hopes up here

Prettyboy M: Oh baby Jane, I get it. We’ve had our hopes dashed several times already, but we keep coming back. Sure, it might not work out between us despite how much I want it to. But, I am MORE than willing to reach for it. It’s not just for me, honey, it’s just as much for my bros. We NEED you.

Jane: I see who the sweet-talker is among you <3

I’m really... looking forward to finding out if this is meant to be, M. So far all of you seem like good partners for me, and can I just say you’re all attractive as hell? So unique and SO hawt. For serious.

Prettyboy M: Heh, thanks babydoll. I know we are, and you’re just the right girl to help my two best friends believe it, too.

Now, let’s get started the right way. Why don’t you tell me your favorite romance novel, your favorite romantic movie, and what your perfect date would be like.

Jane: Asking the truly tough questions first, I see. :P

Ok, I’ll start with the movie, because it’s too easy. “The Princess Bride” of course, and coming in at a VERY close second would be “Ever After”

My perfect date? God. Honestly, it would involve a great meal, possibly a show or an event of some kind, or a trip to a niche bookstore. But I know you’ll want to know this: I love roses. Red roses especially, and I think receiving one perfect blossom as a gift is an incredibly romantic gesture. 

The last question’s really hard, but I think I would actually have to say... It’s not just one book. My favorite romance reads are the “Shadowlands” books by Cherise Sinclair. That series is like the only one I feel I could read over and over

Prettyboy M: Guess who’s getting roses on our first date! :D

All good answers, there. “Ever After” is suuuuuch a great movie, omg. But of COURSE “Princess Bride”!! I could even dress as Wesley, and I’ve practically got my own Fezzik and Inigo. You just run off with all three of us at the end, princess

M was flirty but in a seductive, bon vivant manner. I got his favorite romance novel and film, and his ideal date (sunset walk on the beach, finger-food picnic under the stars and making love there with the sound of surf crashing around us), and that opened us up. We talked about my school, his modeling, my dreams of publication, the guys’ story, my life thus far... right up to my crappy part-time job and the very last class I was completing for my BA. M thought my choice to become an English teacher was very sweet, and then he asked me what, clearly, was a hugely important question to him:

Prettyboy M: So, how many kids do you think you’d want eventually, Jane?

Jane: Well, I have two siblings, and we were pretty fiercely close growing up. I think three is a perfect number, but I’d want at least two. And in this case, I think I’d want to give you each a baby

Prettyboy M: Oh sweetie, I was hoping you’d say that.

That’s exactly what I- we- want.

My insides squirmed a bit, but with a shot of desire. Bottom line, I’ve always wanted kids, and the idea of giving all three of these men a biological child was pretty heady. Of course, we were miles away from actually having kids together, but knowing we had the same intentions was crucial. I needed a partner- in this case, partners- who were daddy material. So far they were ticking my boxes, but it was going to take some time before I could check off the biggest box of all. That had to come long before babies.

M and I continued getting to know one another the exact same way Randy and I had, albeit it with a lot less cursing and straight-up dirty talk. He was sweet, every bit as princely in mannerisms as his outward appearance suggested he was. With M, I had a deep connection over books, as he and I both read with unbridled zeal. Cal and Randy, reportedly, read on occasion but not like M did. And while we were distinctly different on a couple of genres (I read horror and gritty paranormal while he was more interested in high fantasy and original sci-fi), we overlapped in a major way on classic literature and of course, romance. 

At one point I was deeply involved in conversations with both M and Randy via text, but had yet to hear from Cal. I was assured it was because of his work hours, and no other reason. The other two were frequently around during the day, and since I worked closings at my part-time job, it was easier to hit them back when I heard from either. I was tense with anticipation with waiting for Cal, though. As my potential Dom, I needed to know him and see if we clicked. Without Cal, I wasn’t sure this was going to work.

I had to go to work before his regular schedule let out, so I didn’t get his message until after I’d started, and had some time between tasks to sneak a peek at my phone. When I finally read it, he stole my breath away.

Cal the Viking: Hello Jane. This is Calvin.

I know you’re at work right now, according to the guys, so you won’t see this right away, but that’s ok. Gives me a chance to get out some things that have been driving me crazy since Randy first told us about you

I’m glad you took down all your profiles, little girl. Very pleased, actually. I don’t want any other men talking to you. Sorry in advance if I sound like some kind of ridiculous chest-beating caveman here, but...

You’re OURS, Jane. Now, and if I get my way, forever. I’m aware I’m laying it on a bit heavy when we haven’t even met yet, but I know one thing for sure. I’ve never felt anything like this for anyone else before, and a part of me I’ve either buried or just never discovered woke up and told me that you’re mine.

Ours, because you’ll belong to all three of us, but also, you’re MINE. Whatever being ‘Dominant’ really is, it saw you and read over your first convo with Randy, and now it won’t shut up. It won’t give me any peace, Jane, and even before we take this further, I give you this warning.

You’re mine, and I’m not letting you go.

My knees weakened beneath me, and I had to grip the rim of the sink I was standing by just to keep my feet. I will admit, if he’d sent this message to any average woman, she’d probably be super creeped out and turned right the fuck off, and I wouldn’t blame her. It was possessive as hell, and as he said, we hadn’t even met. 

But me? I am not ‘average’. Nor am I anything close to resembling ‘normal’. For a horny submissive chick like me, twisted by intense masochism and some seriously dark sexual needs, every word was pure ambrosia. He’d done it. He’d laid claim to me, as my Master would without a single doubt in himself. I was ready to fall to the floor, tear off my hated work pants, spread my legs and send him a picture of his pussy right then and there. As wonderful and fun and lovely as Randy and M had been in their messages, courting me, Cal’s forward approach and honest declaration was what I’d been wanting and needing to hear.

God, I hoped his voice was rich and deep when he said those words to me out loud.

Jane: Wow... Hot damn, Sir, but do I ever appreciate your candor.

I won’t be able to respond much until I leave work at 9:30, but for right now I’ll just tell you, oh my GOD.

I won’t ever forget this message. And for now, until we know more about each other and I can tell we’re gonna make it or not, I can at least say that I want to be yours. Really, REALLY badly.

I typed that out as fast as my shaky fingers would allow, sent it, then shoved my phone back in my pocket before I caved to my desire for a response and stared at the screen until I got one. I had to pretend he wasn’t going to reply or I’d never get my work done.

I turned my attention to cleaning out the rotisserie chicken oven I had to dump and scrub every night, and proceeded to ignore the cell in my pocket I desperately wanted to check. I worked in a deli in a grocery store, which involved cleaning a lot of big food-prep machines. Plus getting stuff ready for the next day, covering the salads in the case, sweeping and mopping, etc. All that on top of serving customers. It was a lot of work, but I wound up with the job because no one else in my department cared enough to do it right. I was still working there merely because it was walking distance from where I lived in my best friend’s parent’s house. It wasn’t glamorous but it paid my few meager bills.

My department hours ended at nine, and then I had a half an hour to close up shop. I scrubbed the last of my slicers and put them back together, then moved in to doing the floors. When it was all done I left, taking off my hat, and headed for the punch clock, whipping out my cell at last to see what he had to say.

Cal the Viking: That’s just step one, little girl. We’ll go through all the standard dating stuff, and yeah, we’ll see if everything works out. I’m not going to say there’s no way in hell we won’t make it work, but I’m pretty convinced it will.

I find you fucking fascinating, Jane.

Whew, did my face heat up! Clock punched, I began typing as I walked to the store exit to catch my ride home. I didn’t own a car, and I usually had work while everyone else was already gone for the day, but my ‘adopted’ pa or ma picked me up at night. I’d been living with my bestie for two years at that point, and she and her family had taken me in after the break-up, thus becoming a second family to me. I tucked my phone away as I got in the car, and didn’t open it again until we’d gone home and I was enshrined in my private downstairs room.

Jane: I’m now safely home.

Instinctually I knew he’d want to know that.

Jane: That’s so incredibly flattering, Cal. I don’t really know what to say.

I find you compelling as well; also have a very good feeling about this working out, I just... try not to let my hopes get too high. I don’t want to be crushed if it doesn’t. Believe me, been there.

I got a response almost immediately.

Cal the Viking: I can’t fault you for that, and I’m not taking it personally. We’ve been there too.

Talking to Calvin for the first time was much like talking to Randy or M. I learned his voice, traded basic info and fell into a rhythm of communication easily, but there was something a little deeper, too. He began asking serious questions about the kind of D/s dynamic I was looking for, and he really explored me in a philosophical way his friends hadn’t. In turn, I got to do the same for him.

Plus, he told me what really nailed his interest home was our mutual love for Calvin & Hobbes. I laughed when he told me that. Such a small, random thing, it seemed at first. Then, I found out the story. Cal was born before the strip was created, so not named for the titular character, but when his mother saw it appear in the paper she loved it. It had then apparently become tradition to buy her son collections on his birthday every year. From this, I learned that my would-be Dom was very close with his mom, and the reason that seeing my tattoo tipped the scale for him had to do with his emotional associations and attachment. The former part he told me, the latter was my own inference.

After establishing contact with all three, I was ready to move forward. I was intrigued by the trio, and I could not wait to explore the incredible possibilities of dating, loving and fucking three different men. Soon, once I was graduated officially, I wouldn’t have any huge commitments tying me down to New York, either. My job wasn’t anything special. I had no lease, no big payments to meet, and my bestie had finally up and moved to be with her long-time boyfriend and high school sweetheart. I knew those crazy kids would get hitched sooner or later, and I’d wanted to leave the Island myself. If things worked out with the guys, I could be theirs. I could have a fresh start away from heartbreak, a high cost of living, and little opportunity.
