 As soon as I met Donna at a party, I knew I wanted to be with her. I'm pretty tall, six-five, and she was five-eight, so we are at least in the same part of the stratosphere. She was bubbly and fun with wavy blond hair down just past her shoulders and her body, well, she's slender and curvy with beautiful long legs and a nice figure. Really she's got great boobs and likes guys to notice them.

Well, the night of the party, I certainly did and I left with her phone number and email address and a definite show of interest.

I wasted no time and called her the next day and our first date was the next Friday night, followed by every night since. We were engaged eight months later and married just over a year after that. Have I mentioned that the sex with Donna was good?

Well, it wasn't...it was magnificent.

I found me a woman with a sex drive that even out-revs mine. Not only that, she adores sucking me and offers her mouth to me all the time. She has never been too tired or stressed or not in the mood. Is she perfect? Pretty much, yes.

We're now married, just a few months ago, and after a particularly energetic fuck, we were laying there in one another's arms, enjoying the afterglow and started to ask each other what really turned the other on.

"Oh, it sounds silly, but sometimes when you walk around in your boxers and have your semi-hard cock hanging out the opening, well, it's crazy but I get so wet and horny I've got to have it right then."

"Hmm, I'll remember that, should come in handy. What else?"

"Well, it turns me on to think of you fucking one of my friends, my girlfriends."

"Geez, really, which one?" I asked knowing that she had lots of friends, some from growing up, some from college, some from work and some from tennis.

"Doesn't matter, just any of them. I love thinking about it."

"Not any one in particular?"

"Well, Emma's probably the one you'd want most. I'll bet I'm right about that, huh?"

Emma was gorgeous. She's small and part-Asian and while she has an Asian-frame, she's got boobs that are definitely from her father's side of the family, his family is French/German from the Alsatian region. She's dark-haired, as you might expect, with a compact body that is just perfect from what I've seen of it. Her skin is light amber looking like a wonderful, all-over tan. She went to college with Donna and paid her expenses by modeling for clothing catalogs.

"Oh, babe, you picked the one I'd sure go for, that's for sure."

"I thought you would. And you've never seen her naked, either. I have, you'd cream your pants."

"I have every reason to believe you, hon, she's a doll."

"You'd love to fuck her, wouldn't you, Herb? You'd love the chance, right?"

"What guy wouldn't? That beautiful skin she has and so trim and compact, well, except for those boobs of hers."

"Well, I've seen those boobs and they's perfect, I mean tens."

"Nice as these?" I asked as I fondled the beauties right next to me.

"Oh, Herb, if you only knew. They are these perfect cones. When she's flat on her back, they stand right up tall, just perfect. And nipples? Oh, you like the puffy kind, right? Bingo, they just look fresh-sucked, which is something that you could do like a nice hubby," she asked, so, like a good hubby, I slipped down and did her bidding.

A few days went by, when over supper, she asked me, "Remember us talking about our fantasies? Mine about watching you fuck one of my girlfriends?"

"Oh, hon, how would I forget that?"

"Well, Emma called me today at work and we had a nice chat. I kind of put you into the conversation to see if I could find out if she liked you, you know, like sexually."

"Oh, yeah? And...?"

"You want to know, don't you?"

"Of course, look, she's a super-hot woman, the hottest of all your friends. Come on, out with it."

"Well, we were comparing partners, you with the doctor she's seeing. And, well, the doctor is so busy and stressed out all the time, she's not too happy with the quality of their sex life. So, I told her about mine."

"Your's? Well, I hope you told her it's pretty good."

"I told her I had a guy with libido to spare. She got real quiet when I said that. Then, she asked me what you were like in bed. Well, I told her."

"Yeah, yeah?"

"Well, I think if you want some of Emma, she'd jump at the chance."

"You're kidding me, aren't you?"

"Wanna find out?"

"Sure, babe, sure, just set it up, I'm ready anytime, anytime," I bragged, knowing that she was probably kidding me.

Now, don't get me wrong. I've said that sex with Donna is the best. She's twenty-five, five-eight with wavy blond hair that falls just to the height of her nipples. I asked her once if that was on purpose and she told me that, actually, it was. That was how she wanted her hair length and chose it several years ago standing naked in front of a wall-length mirror.

Her body is beautiful. She has smooth ivory skin, and her legs are long and thin, hips trim, waist narrow and a set of 34C's that are quite perfect; full and round with nipples that are always erect, they just never go flat. She loves to show them off under teeshirts and the like, she has a silk shirt that shows them so well, that I've seen guys follow her around to get a second look. I don't blame them in the least.

She's a hot woman who loves the fact of it and loves to use her body to pleasure the both of us. Her blowjobs are an example. She could suck a statue until it cummed and I've never known any girl or woman who was so eager and enthusiastic when it came to sucking a cock. She simply loves it.

So, honestly, after she had brought up my fucking one of her friends, I more or less forgot about it, after all, I had a phenomenal woman in my bed already who was eager and ready most any time at all.

About a month later, I came home from the office to find a Mini Cooper S parked in our driveway. It's a car I've always liked and couldn't, for the life of me, think of who we knew that owned one.

Then, entering the front door, I looked around and didn't find anyone around. Standing at the foot of the stairs, there were sounds from upstairs so, since I was going to change anyway, I went up. I went quietly, actually, wondering if I had, perhaps, like husbands do at times, found my wife in bed with another man.

As I slipped down the hall, there were sounds that sure seemed like sex, then looking in our room, there was Emma up over Donna, both naked, both heads buried in each other's pussies. Emma's rear was facing me, quite a lovely sight, indeed, as my wife lapped over and over at her pussy, now flushed and crimson from being given a very good time. Emma's head was bobbing up and down giving back as well as she was getting, both seemed totally engrossed in ravishing each other.

I watched as Emma shook her head back and forth as she tongued Donna's pussy, sucking it, getting her juices, just giving her all she could as she rubbed her own pussy back and forth across my wife's mouth as I heard slurping sounds from her.

Donna had never mentioned that she and Emma had sex with each other but it seemed pretty certain that this was not a first time event.

I'm not sure which one saw me first but they both suddenly stopped and Emma rolled off Donna and pulled the sheet up over her as Donna lay there laughing.

"Well, you caught us," she squealed as I bent down and kissed her, my hands groping her boobs.

Then, I knelt on the bed over Donna and put my hand on Emma's head and kissed her, tonguing her as Donna rubbed the bulge in my pants. I pulled the sheet down as I kissed Emma, she was responding as well, slipping her tongue inside my mouth, seeming to relax after thinking I might be angry finding her in bed with my wife, so far from the truth as I drank in the stellar body she had.

She was on her back and her breasts were fully up in the air, there was no slump, no sag, just what Donna had told me, they were wonderful with their very dark red nipples, nice and puffy with hard and erect centers. Her skin was the color of a light latte, perfectly smooth and unblemished. She was stunning.

I moved from her lips to her nipples and began to suck them, already rock-hard in my mouth as Donna was getting my pants loosened and pulled down. She soon had my cock out stroking it, then let it go to get Emma's hand to bring to it. She took right over stroking and pulling on my cock as I arched over my wife while sucking her friend's excellent breasts.

"Oh, let's get him naked, Emma," my wonderful wife suggested as they both jumped up, pulled me out of the bed and stripped me naked in what seemed like seconds.

"So, this is what Herb's got, huh? Nice," Emma said as she crouched down and began sucking my cock.

"I'll bet Herb'd love to fuck you, Emma. Right, hon?"

"Oh, would I ever. See how hard I am?"

She pulled off me, took my cock and led me to our bed and jumped right into the middle with her legs spread.

"I always start with dessert first, Emma," as I got between her legs and began licking and tonguing her. She put her legs up over my shoulders as I feasted on her wet, sopping pussy as she smeared herself all over my face.

Donna got up over her, took hold of the headboard and lowered herself down over her friend, placing her pussy right on her mouth as Emma put her tongue and hands up to meet her.

So, I'm now down between Emma's lovely tan legs feasting on her beautiful slit as my wife is up over her crouching down pressing her pussy on Emma's face for her to devour.

"Mmm, oh, oh, god, Emma, Emma, oh, my pussy, you're making me cum, oh, OH, UH, UNH, uh, mmm, ooh, ooh," Donna groaned as she moved off her friend and turned to tongue her mouth as we both rubbed her breasts.

"Mmm, so good, mmm, yes, yes, YES, UUNH, UUNH, uh, uh, mmm, oh, wow, you two are so hot," Emma moaned as I felt her shake and tremble under my lips.

"I'll bet Herb would love to fuck you right now, Em. Want his nice cock?" Donna asked her.

"Yeah, yeah, mmm, fuck me, I'm so hot," and I got up and pushed right up into her and began stroking in and out of her as Donna started sucking one of her breasts as I fondled the other.

She was just as tight as I had been hoping, very slippery, of course, with all the fun these two had been having before I came home, but tight nonetheless. I loved taking nice long strokes in and out of her as she and Donna kissed and played with each other. I'm not the jealous type, I had a wonderful pussy to keep me occupied.

It felt electric as my cock slid in and out of her tight pussy lips; she was so beautiful laying underneath me, squirming as I fucked her; I couldn't believe I was really getting to fuck this hot, hot woman. Then it hit me.

Shit, tomorrow was my birthday. Tomorrow was my birthday and I had forgotten all about it. At work, I had been under pressure to finish up a project and it had consumed me one hundred percent. Then, just relieved that it was over, I came home and there was my wife and her most beautiful girlfriend getting it on in our bed and now I'm taking my turn with her.

And tomorrow it's my birthday.

"Oh, hon. Now I get it...my birthday. You set this up. You set it up for my birthday, didn't you?"

"When Donna asked me if I'd fuck you for your birthday, Herb, I just couldn't resist. You like it so far? She's told me you've really wanted to fuck me," Emma giggled.

"Oh, are you kidding? You are so tight, so nice. God, what a body. What a wife I have to set me us for this," I gasped as I pushed deep inside her.

"You're right, there, buster. See how much I love you. Of course, I was having some fun with Emma, too. And I'm not quite finished with that either. But it's your birthday and Emma's staying the night; we plan to fuck you all night long, right up into your birthday tomorrow. Happy birthday, sweetie," she said as she leaned in and kissed me. But it didn't slow me down with Emma.

"Mmm, oh, yes, that's good, Herb, push hard, honey, deep, mmm, oh, just push in while I..." and she started wiggling back and forth as I pushed and pushed.

"Oh, yeah, mmm, that's good, mmm, right there, right there, yes, YES, OHH, OHHH, UUH, UUH, UUH, mmm, mmm," she groaned as I began to stroke back and forth once again. It just felt so good.

Her tight pussy was getting me close, really close, as I felt those familiar tingly sensations in the tip of my cock triggering me to plunge deep into Emma as I spurted my cum into my wife's friend for the first time. I knew with her spending the night, that it wouldn't be the last, a fact that already had me excited for our next coupling.

As I lay over Emma with my dick still in her, kissing slowly, just enjoying the warmth and sexiness of it all, my wife said, "You know, Herb, you have tomorrow off, it's your birthday. What you don't know is that I'm calling in sick tomorrow so I can fuck you all day long."

"You're the best wife a guy could have," I said as I leaned over and kissed her almost pulling my cock out of her best friend.

"And, you lucky bastard, Emma told me earlier that she'd call in sick too so we could both fuck you crazy all day long. Isn't she the best?"

Well, folks, that's just what happened. As you can imagine, these two super-sexed women kept me well-drained of semen and took out their excess horniness on each other. Well, I got to watch and even play around with the participants while they did each other.

What a birthday. Now I need to plan something for Donna's next birthday. You wouldn't be interested, would you?