  Main Cast

Mike, 35 years old, 5' 11", 175 lbs, brown hair, blue eyes, Anne's husband.
Anne, 34 years old, 5' 4", 105 pounds, brown hair, blue eyes, Mike's wife.
Jenny, 34 years old, 5'4", 105 pounds, brown hair, blue eyes, Anne's former college roommate.

From the previous chapter:

I was going to get the truth from Jenny about what they were doing and why Jenny was covering for her.

Jenny answered the doorbell almost immediately. She answered in just a robe and she, too, had been crying. Her face was tear-stained and her eyes were red. She looked terrible. 

"What do you want?" She was hostile.

"I want to know if... no, I know you know that Anne is having an affair. I want to know if you know who it is and why you've been covering for her."

She stared at me and didn't invite me in. "She didn't tell you, did she?"

"Didn't tell me what? I figured out she was having the affair on my own, but she didn't tell me who or why. Just tell me what you know."

Jenny stared at me for a second. "I'm the one she's having the affair with." She slammed the door in my face.



I was stunned. Not what I expected. My wife and I had discussed some of our fantasies, but she had never mentioned being curious about women, having had any sexual contact with one, and even appeared uncomfortable watching any girl-girl action in porn movies. And now she was having an affair with a woman? What the hell? How in the world did I miss this? She seemed emotional at times, but pretty normal most of the rest of the time. How could this happen and why? I stood there and stared at the front door. It opened again.

"Are you going to stand on my doorstep all night?" She was still hostile and now I could tell she was a little drunk.

"I don't... wait... you and her? When did this happen?" I couldn't think straight and I was completely caught off guard by this revelation.

She stared at me. "You really don't know anything at all about her past, do you?" She was slurring her words a little.

"No." I wondered what that was supposed to mean.

"Come in." She pulled back the door and let me in. I entered and went to sit down in the living room. I noticed a picture of the two of them from college that I had never seen before. They were standing together in a bar holding up drinks and smiling. Unfortunately, the picture frame and glass had been smashed. Jenny saw me looking at it.

"Smashed courtesy of Anne."

She walked toward the kitchen. "Want something to drink? I'm almost halfway thru a bottle of Jack Daniels. I seem to have nothing better to do than get drunk, so you might as well join me."

She came back with a glass of Jack Daniels over a few ice cubes, walking a little unsteadily. "I guessed on the rocks."

"Yeah, okay. So how long have you been sleeping with my wife?" I asked her point blank, trying to get to the bottom of this. I also took a long pull on the Jack.

She smiled sadly. "13 years."

I stared at her, aghast. "What? When? I mean... you've been together all this time?"

She looked at me like I had three heads. "No, dummy, I meant that we started 13 years ago, then she disappeared off the face of the earth, and then we started again just recently. I'm in love with your wife – have been since college." She took a long drink of Jack and wiped her mouth with the sleeve of her robe. She looked at me, challenging me to say something.

That really caught me off guard. I now knew that my knowledge of Anne's past was non-existent. I had heard these rumors that there are men and women that have affairs like this while in college, but this was my first experience with it. "I guess I really don't know anything about her past." I slumped back into the couch. 

We sat there, drinking and silent for what felt like an hour, but I couldn't say for sure how long it had been. My phone suddenly went off in my pocket and Jenny looked at me. "That'll be her. Why don't you just tell her to fuck off, divorce her, and maybe she'll come back to me." She tried to smile like it was a joke, but it didn't come off well at all.

I looked at my phone and thought about what she just said. It was Anne, but I let it go to voice mail again. I looked up at Jenny. "Is this why you two have been so emotional?"

Jenny stared at me. "You don't have a clue, do you?" I stared at her... she was correct. "Anne tried to resist me for a long time, but I've never stopped loving her so I wore her down. She finally succumbed and we re-started our affair just recently. The problem is that she still loves you and is so conflicted that she wouldn't commit to me. She still wants you." She spat out the last part. "She wants her nice little husband and her nice little marriage and her nice little house and her nice little life with no problems from her fucked up past. I guess I'm one of those problems because she told me to get out of her fucking life today."

I guess I missed all the signs at first, but now I knew that Anne had come home after telling Jenny that she would never leave me. She had chosen me over Jenny. At least that felt good, but she must have been pretty guilty the last few weeks and that's why her emotions were all over the place. The question for me was what do I do now?

While I was thinking this over there was suddenly a pounding on the front door. Jenny and I both jerked our heads toward the door and then looked at the door. We knew it was Anne.

"Let me in! I know you're in there Mike. Let me in! I just need to talk to you!"

I looked at Jenny. "Well?"

She shrugged and got up. She went over and opened the door and Anne walked in. She was dressed in her winter pajamas and robe. Her hair was a mess and it was obvious she'd been crying. Her makeup had run and she had done nothing to fix it. She rushed straight past Jenny and over to me. She kneeled in front of me, put her hands on my thighs, and stared up at me.

"Honey, I love you more than anything else and I don't want to lose you. I'm so sorry. Please let me explain. Please!" 

I looked down at her. I still loved her, but I didn't know if I could live with her. I looked over at Jenny and she had sat down and I could see tears forming in her eyes. I had to do something. "Answer me this, do you love Jenny?"

She stared up at me, tears forming and then starting to run down her cheeks. Finally, she looked at the floor and answered meekly. "Yes."

"You're saying you love us both?"

"Yes." She didn't raise her head.

"But earlier tonight you told Jenny you were choosing me over her?"

"Yes!" She said this a little more firmly and raised her head to look at me. I saw Jenny cringe at this.

I reached down and grabbed her by the shoulders. I was upset and angry and torn, but I had to know what the fuck was going on.

"Come up here on the couch. I'll let you try to explain, but you know my feelings on infidelity. I thought I knew yours, but maybe not." I said that nastily, my anger showing.

She flinched but sat, facing me, her hands folded in her lap. She looked up. I looked over at Jenny and she was leaning forward, her face buried in her hands, crying as Anne continued. "Nobody knows this story; nobody except for the assholes involved and me and Jenny." 

Jenny's head jerked up. "Anne, no!"

She turned to Jenny. "I have to, Jenny. As much as you love me, I love him more. I owe him an explanation. I have held this in for 13 years and I'm going to tell it now no matter what." She turned back to me. "After that, it's your decision what you want to do." She had that pleading look in her eyes that I usually find hard to refuse, but it just made me angry now.

"Okay, I'm waiting." I crossed my arms and made it seem as if this better be a damn good explanation.

Anne took a deep breath. "Jenny and I were juniors and sharing a room in the dorm. We were good friends, but nothing else until just after Christmas. There was a party that we were invited to along with most of the dorm. We all went. It was college, so there was drinking, flirting, people disappearing to have sex, all that kind of stuff. Jenny and I stuck together because we were watching out for each other. It was about midnight when we got into trouble." She looked over at Jenny and Jenny had curled up into the corner of her chair with her face buried in her hands, sobbing quietly. "We were talking to two guys we had known for a while. They were just acquaintances. We were flirting and I was attracted to one of them." She looked at me to see how I would take that, but I was trying to remain stone-faced. "They got us some more drinks and must have slipped something into them. I started feeling a little more light-headed than I thought I should have been and Jenny was also wobbly." At that point Jenny jumped up and rushed from the room, crying. Anne looked back and me and took a deep breath. "They had slipped us a drug that was probably a downer. We couldn't even stand up and the next thing I can remember is that I'm kneeling in front of three guys with their dicks in my face. I realize that Jenny is next to me and she has two guys in front of her. There were five of them and they made us suck them and fuck them for about three hours. When we finally started becoming more difficult and the drug was wearing off, they hauled us back to our dorm and dumped us on the front steps wrapped only in blankets." She was rushing now, trying to get it all out. "We managed to get back to our room at this point and we both collapsed into our beds. When I woke up, Jenny was gone. I looked and found her in the shower, curled up on the floor sobbing." Her voice started breaking. "I... I... I just didn't know what to do." She reached for my hand and I let her have it. She gave me a wan smile thru her tears and continued to wipe them with the sleeve of her robe. "I helped her finish cleaning herself off and then took her back to the room. I put her back in bed and then went and took a shower myself. We were both sore, torn in a couple of spots, and had been covered in cum." She took a deep breath and looked up at me. I was no longer angry, just disappointed that this was how I had to find out about it. "I've practiced telling you this since the day you proposed. I told myself that I would tell you before we got married, but I just couldn't face it. This is the first time I've told anyone in my entire life. When I finally decided that I could tell you, I was afraid you'd leave me."

"Why would I have left you after we were married?"

"Because I was raped by five guys and I felt ashamed and dirty."

I started to tear up. I could see the pain that she and Jenny must have been going thru all this time. I had read that it was typical for women to feel more guilt than they should have after a rape. I took both her hands in mine. "Anne, I cannot tell you what I'm going to do about this yet, but I can tell you that you never, ever have to feel ashamed and dirty. You did absolutely nothing wrong and neither did Jenny. It was all them. The guys who did this to you are to blame for it all."

Her tears started flowing again. "Thank you."

"Now explain to me about you and Jenny."

She took a deep breath and let out a big sigh. "Together we decided not to report it. We didn't think we could do anything about it anyway. It's an old story and there would have been a big investigation and we couldn't face the attention. After that night, neither of us went to any parties for a while. I woke up one Saturday night and could hear Jenny crying in her bed. I went to her bed and lay with her to comfort her. I did it for three nights in a row and on the fourth night, she kissed me. It seemed so wanting... so loving... I can't explain it. I had never even thought about a woman like that before, but I just knew at that moment that I loved her. We became lovers for the rest of school. I'm not a lesbian and I don't really consider myself bi-sexual, but Jenny was different. We were... connected."

I looked at her. It was probably easily explained by a psychological professional. I couldn't put words to it, but I could see why it happened. They were two lost souls trying to put their shattered lives back together and that was how they did it. "And when you graduated?"

She stared at me and then looked at the floor in shame. She spoke softly. "I just left. I didn't tell Jenny anything. When I went home and saw all my old school friends I was ashamed that I had gotten to that point. I was ashamed that I had fallen in love with a woman. I kept telling myself that it just wasn't something that I should have done. My family's societal norms prevented me from being able to accept it. I also didn't really think about women that way, except for Jenny." She hung her head. "The worst part is that I never contacted her again. I just left her and broke her heart. Now I'm ashamed I never told you and I'm ashamed I abandoned Jenny. I'm just a mess."

I looked around the room. Fuck! There was no guide about what to do here. Instead I just moved closer and opened my arms so that she knew I wanted to hug her. She flung herself in to my arms and started sobbing against me. I was still a little angry that she kept this from me, but I had trouble maintaining the anger I had and couldn't blame her too much. I was angry that there were guys out there that would do that. I was angry that they hurt the woman I loved... yes, still loved. I was heartbroken at what she and Jenny went thru back then and what they must have been going thru since they saw each other again. I was still angry and hurt by her actions, but they had softened a little. After a few minutes, I could tell that she was emotionally spent and her sobs finally died down. I took her arms and held her back so I could look into her eyes.

"Anne, I love you. I can't say what's going to happen after this, but I do love you."

"Thank you." It was such a whisper that I barely heard it.

"Do you want to check on Jenny?"

She hung her head. "I don't think she wants to see me."

"What happened between you two?"

Another deep sigh. "She wanted me to leave you and be with her. I told her I couldn't do that, that I loved you too much. She went ballistic and told me off so I told her I didn't want to ever see her again."

"Ouch! You two really had a nasty fight, huh?"

"Yes."

"C'mon." I took her hand and led her back to Jenny's bedroom; she let me. The door was closed and I opened it. Jenny was on the bed and wasn't crying. She seemed to be dozing. I led Anne over to the bed. I sat on the edge and Anne stood next to me as Jenny stirred and looked up at us. She groaned and turned away. I put my hand on her shoulder, but she suddenly leapt to her feet and rushed to the bathroom. I was going to follow, but the sound of her retching into the toilet was something I thought she might want to be alone for. Then I looked up at Anne. She was looking into the bathroom with such pity for her sick friend... lover... whatever. I gave her hand a small yank and she looked down at me. "Go to her. Help her."

Anne looked at me, smiled, and put her hand on my face. "I love you." She left to go help Jenny.

I got up and went back into the living room to try to figure out this mess. What the hell do you do about this? I had to think about it. No matter what logic had to say, I was not as angry at her having sex with Jenny as I would have if it had been a man. I tried to tell myself that there should not have been a difference, it was still cheating, but it just felt different. It may have had something to do with feeling betrayed or emasculated by another man having what a woman had pledged to only you. I just didn't know what to do.

Anne and Jenny were in the bathroom for a long time. When they finally came out, Jenny had wet hair where Anne had obviously had to clean her up and Anne's sleeves were wet. Jenny was almost a zombie at this point. She let Anne lead her to the bed and lay down. Anne sat next to her and comforted her for a couple of minutes and then Jenny was out like a light.

Anne stood up and we went into the living room. When we got there she looked up at me. "So what do we do now?"

"I have no idea. I think I'm going to need some time to digest this and consider my options."

"Options?" She looked crushed and teared up again. "Is one of them staying married to me?"

"At this point I don't know. I think so."

She looked a little relieved. "I will do whatever you want. I will never speak to or see Jenny again, I will go to counseling, marriage or... well... whatever kind I need for the incident, whatever you want."

I looked at her. She looked so small and forlorn standing there. "Anne, why don't I go back to our place and you stay here and make sure Jenny is okay. That will give me some time to think about this."

"No, I can't be with her. I know she will still be angry and I can't face her right now."

I thought about it for a second. "Okay, you go back to our place and I'll stay with Jenny to make sure she's okay."

She stared at me for a second. "What? You're going to watch over Jenny?"

I walked toward her. "Yes." I hugged her and she hugged me hard.

"You're too good to me. I don't deserve you."

I lifted her face up so that she had to look at me. "Don't ever say that. You are a beautiful and intelligent woman. You are desirable and lovable. I just need to decide where I want to go from here."

She smiled – barely, and then moved toward the door. "Will I see you tomorrow?"

"Yes, I think so."

"Please?"

"Alright, tomorrow."

Anne departed and I was left wondering what the hell I was doing making sure my wife's lover was okay. It felt weird, but Jenny looked so defeated and lost that I couldn't believe it would be good to leave her alone. I was angry at her, but didn't want anything to happen to her.

I went and checked on Jenny and then tried to crash on the couch. After turning the events of the last couple of weeks over in my head and Anne's confession, I knew that I had to talk to Jenny first, and then Anne. I had an idea, but it really depended on them. 

I was sleeping pretty heavy when I heard Jenny's door close a little loudly. When she saw me sit up on her couch she froze. "What are you doing here?"

"I just wanted to make sure you were okay and talk to you this morning."

"Oh, yeah. I'm great. The love of my life left me for you. I'm really happy to see YOU this morning."

I stood up and put my hands up. "Jenny, I just want to talk about this rationally."

She stared at me. "My head hurts and I need some Tylenol. Besides, there's nothing rational about love and this shitty mess." She walked into the kitchen to get some medicine.

I followed her. "Want me to fix some breakfast? Might make you feel better."

"I don't want to feel better."

"Maybe it will improve your shitty mood." I smiled at her when she jerked her head up at that.

Jenny stared at me, trying to hold her anger, but finally, she relented, like she was too tired to even fight. "Yeah, I guess so."

I pulled out a small skillet and eggs and quickly made some eggs and toast. When I had handed hers to her, she dug in like a starving concentration camp refugee. I fixed mine and joined her.

"Hungry?"

She looked at me sheepishly. "Starving. I just realized I haven't eaten since breakfast yesterday."

"More?"

She smiled a little. "No, but thank you." She stared at me long enough to make me uncomfortable. "Why are you being so nice to me?"

I thought about Anne. "I just wanted to make sure you were okay after last night. I knew what it felt like to me when Anne said she had been having an affair so I could imagine your pain at her having rejected you... again. I just wanted to talk to you and make sure you were at least in the land of the living."

She stared at me for a second. "You mean you thought I might kill myself?"
