 They say that as soon as you have kids, your sex life goes out the window. Well, such was true for Patty & me. Not that we were sex fiends or anything to begin with, but once the kids arrived we rarely had any time to ourselves; so we decided that we'd take a weekend trip every quarter by ourselves just to hang out. Like the previous trips, I would have settled for rolling around in the sack a couple of times, but never expected what happened on the last weekend trip we took!

The location this time was Las Vegas, and Patty & I decided to stay at the Cal since it seemed to be the in-place with a lot of our friends who ventured out for a little gambling. We flew in Friday afternoon, dumped off our bags in the hotel, and immediately went to the casino floor to play whatever games we could afford to lose money at; Patty headed for the quarter slots and I went for the roulette table. I guess I was playing for about 3 hours when I got a tap on my shoulder. I thought it was my wife, so I didn't bother to turn and just asked how much money she had lost. 

To my surprise a different voice answered, 'Not much, but then we've only been here a while. So where are your kids?' 

I spun around and found Lori standing right behind me and smiling. Lori was almost like a sister to me; I was good buddies w/ her older brother and watched her blossom into an attractive woman. Still looking for a man in her life, she wouldn't lower her standards and I was happy that she didn't settle for some jerk who wouldn't treat her right.

"Uh, at home with Grandma. Are you here by yourself?" I asked. 

"No, I'm here w/ Jenn. Steve is being a butt again, so we told him we were getting lost and headed here for a breather." She looked around the casino to see if she could spot Jenn, and then turned her attention back to the roulette table. "So are you ahead or are you pawning your car now?" she grinned. I told her I was actually up by about $30.00, but it took me 3 hours to get this far. I asked if she was hungry since I could use a break; she said sure so we took off for the nearby restaurant.

Meanwhile, Patty was busy feeding the slots when Jenn passed by looking for a machine herself.

"Hey Jenn - what the heck are you doing here?" Patty said. 

"Oh, Lori and I decided to escape for the weekend and just fool around." Jenn said. Jenn was taller than Lori by at least three inches, and the black outfit she wore had the word slinky written all over it. She shifted on her seat and turned toward Patty but looked down at the rug and continued, "Besides, Steve was really being an ass this week so I let him be by himself this time." Jenn said, still looking down. 

"Hey, what's going on? You guys aren't really fighting again, are you?" Patty moved over to the chair next to Jenn. 

"I don't know how you and Jeff keep your relationship alive after all the kids, job changes, moves," Jenn said with a sigh. "I can't even get Steve to have a five-minute quickie with me before he rolls over and goes to sleep." 

Patty sat for a moment, and then looked at Jenn, "Hey, do you wanna get out of this smoke & stuff and head up to me & Jeff's room? He'll be playing down here for a while yet - maybe we can just talk." Jenn thought for a split second, and then said what the hell. She took a quick scan of the casino looking for either Jeff or Lori, and failing to see either of them picked up her stuff and followed Patty to the elevator.

Patty got to the room and opened it up for Jenn. "Hey, not a bad room;" she said. "Lori and I are down on the strip at the Stardust." Patty said she hadn't been there before, then sat on the edge of the bed and flipped the TV on and started surfing.

"So what's going on w/ you and Steve? Is he sleeping with someone else?" Patty asked.

"No, Steve's too stupid to try and pull a stunt like that. It's just that sex just isn't what we thought it would be.  He really wants to have kids and now that we know that I can't conceive naturally, he just doesn't have any more interest in having sex anymore. I can't remember the last time I had an orgasm; that's how bad sex has been lately."

"Really?" Patty asked. "You mean you don't even masturbate to get off?"

"No, it feels really weird when I try, you know? I mean, I never could really get used to it." 

"Well, I guess we need to fix that then," Patty replied, and with that she walked over to the suitcase on the floor. "Jeff and I don't get to have sex very often either, but we try to during these breakaway weekends. I felt pretty self-conscious too, but he bought me some 'toys' to help me along; see?" She flipped open the suitcase and casually pulled out a couple of vibrators.

"These look . . . funny." Jenn said. "How can you use them without getting all weird about it?"

"Believe me, you'll only be thinking that for a second - trust me. The first time Jeff took me into an adult toy store I almost fainted from the visual. Here - try this." She handed Jenn a vibrating rabbit.

"Okay, so just how do you use this?" Lori asked with a smirk. She held it like it was going to bite her.

"Here, let me show you. First, let's take your outfit off." She put the rabbit down then began to help Jenn out of her blouse and shorts, leaving her with just her panties & bra.

"Wow - I never knew you had a figure like that. Steve must be either blind or stupid."

"Both, I'm afraid!" Jenn said laughing. "Okay, your turn to strip." Patty took off everything in a flash and before Jenn could say whoa, Patty was buck naked in front of her.

"Gee, your conservative edge certainly got smoothed out! Do you do this all the time?" Jenn said laughing. 

"No, only for Jeff." Patty said. "Okay, now sit back and let me show you how to use my friend when Jeff isn't home." 

Patty settled in on the sofa while Jenn took up her position on the bed and watched. Patty started by caressing her breasts with one hand and slowly rubbing her pussy with the other. As she settled into a rhythm she closed her eyes and blocked Jenn from her mind, focusing only on the sensations & wetness building between her legs. As Jenn watched, she began to breathe a bit shallower, and slowly began to mimic Patty's movements; first by massaging her breasts, then down to her panties. Her motions were rough and robotic, trying to get used to the idea of playing with herself. She began to smooth out her movements, and then began to relax as pleasure set in; a spot began to form as she continued to rub her pussy through the material. Jenn watched as Patty got more and more into it, sticking one, then two fingers into her hot hole and moaning softly on each push. Jenn suddenly realized that she really shouldn't be here; that masturbation is bad to begin with; to watch someone else do it was mortal taboo. And yet she continued to watch, mesmerized by the show (and legs) unfolding before her. The smell of sex was in the air, and found it hard to concentrate or focus. Slowly, she began to wonder what it would be like to touch another woman's pussy. Jenn closed her eyes and slid her hand inside her panties and began to stroke her pussy with increasing intensity.

Patty opened her eyes just enough to see that Jenn's eyes were closed and she caught herself staring at Jenn pushing one, two, three fingers into her cunt. Inside, she smiled at how she could put a beautiful woman into a state of heat, and then realized that she herself had never done anything like this before. It was naughty, wicked, and the very thought of that made things even hotter. She decided to take things to the next level and pulled out one of the vibrators out of the suitcase. Jenn heard the rustling and opened her eyes to see Patty reach for the dildo. 

"God it's hot just to watch you. Are you going to show me how to use that?" Jenn asked. Patty smiled, then leaned over and grabbed another vibrator out of the case and handed it to her. Don't turn it on yet, Patty instructed.

"First, pretend it's Jeff's - I mean Steve's cock that you have in your hand and then do what comes naturally." Patty took the rubber dick and began to lick around the shaft and surround it with her lips, getting it wet and ready for work. Jenn watched for a couple of seconds, and then began to try the same thing. It tasted like a pencil eraser she used to nibble on back in school, but continued. 

"It's hard to imagine this as Steve; it's much longer and has to be twice the width." If that's true, you're in for one hell of a fucking, Patty thought as she continued her little show. 

"Okay, now that it's nice and wet, just slide it into your pussy, like this." Patty demonstrated by positioning the dildo at the entrance of her cunt and slowly pushed it in. Jenn pushed her panties aside, and tried pushing the whole dildo into her pussy at once and yelped.

"Hey, take it easy - go slow,” Patty said, "This is one of the few times that you can pick your speed, see?" She slowly and deliberately drove the dildo in a couple of inches, then back out. Then in a little further. Jenn watched as Patty slowly took the entire 8" cock into her pussy, and then began to saw back and forth with leisure. Her eyes were closed again as she continued to fuck herself with the cock. Jenn decided to give it another try, and slowly pushed the dildo into her cunt. After a couple of tries, she began to get a feel for it, and began to push harder and deeper.

"Fuck - this thing is a monster compared to Steve." Jenn panted between thrusts. Meanwhile, Patty picked up speed and rammed her dildo into her pussy as her orgasm approached.

"Ugh! Fuck!" she moaned, then began to slow down. She opened her eyes to see Jenn still on the bed, making friends with her new found toy. Her eyes were closed, her breathing fast and shallow. 

"Ugh. . . . Ugh . . . Oh . . . oh . . .god." she moaned as she continued fucking herself with the dildo. Patty saw that where Jenn was gripping the vibrator she could flip it on without Jenn knowing it. Patty held her dildo in one hand, then reached across and swiftly pushed the button and turned it on.

Jenn felt it before she heard it; suddenly her pussy was on fire and shaking like crazy. 

"Oh! Oh! UGGHH!!" She moaned. One hand was clenching the sheets of the bed; the other was holding onto the vibrator for dear life. "UGH! UGH! AHHHH!! FUCK!" she screamed as she came. She found the button for the vibrator and turned it off but left it in her cunt while she came back down to earth and caught her breath.

"Geez - that was totally great!" Jenn sighed with a smile; "I totally have to get me one of these!" She flopped back onto the bed and relaxed. 

"Now let's take the rest of your clothes off." Jenn complied and was now naked on the sheets wondering what could be next. Her face was starting to flush from the realization that she never was naked like this with another woman. Patty sensed Jenn's apprehension and tried to ease her mind. 

"Just relax for a minute. Let me do the work; flip over on your stomach." Patty gently said, and Jenn rolled over. She started to massage Jenn's legs first, and then worked her way up to her waist. She deliberately avoided Jenn's ass and tried to keep things a casual thing between friends. Patty knew that this was Jenn's first time doing this; it was Patty's first time too, but for the moment she was in the driver's seat. She continued massaging her back and up to her shoulders, then back down her back to her waist.

"Geez, do you do this for Jeff too?" Jenn said lazily. "No, actually he does this to me. I'm just trying to repeat the process." 

Patty continued to massage her lower back and occasionally grazed Jenn's ass. Jenn tensed at first at the touch, then began to loosen up and breathe heavier. Well, what now, Patty thought. She had reached a decision point; either she could back off and let Jenn do things herself, or go into uncharted territory. She chose the latter, and began to massage Jenn's ass with both hands. Gently at first, then more firm as if to try and knead bread dough. Jenn's breathing began to get shorter, and her eyes were closed. Patty then slid one finger between Jenn's butt crack, and Jenn unconsciously spread her legs to allow Patty better access. Patty's finger moved past Jenn's puckered asshole and gently touched Jenn's cunt. Jenn was now gripping the sheets in anticipation, and her breathing was starting to turn ragged.

"Relax." Patty said. "This isn't going to work if you're fighting it." 

"Sorry," Jenn said; "I haven't done this before with a girl."

"Neither have I, what are you afraid of? At least you're among friends, and besides, you're fucking turning me on right now." Patty replied. She continued stroking Jenn's cunt, feeling it become wetter and wetter. She then stuck her finger into Jenn's moist box and Jenn gasped, then relaxed. Patty probed in and out, and then inserted a second, then a third finger; all the time not touching Jenn anywhere else. Meanwhile, she took the vibrator and stuck it in her mouth to lube it up a littler. She loved the feel of it in her mouth and wondered what it would taste like after she gave Jenn a good fucking with it. When she felt Jenn was ready, she put the vibrator at the entrance to Jenn's cunt.

"Relax," Patty whispered in Jenn's ear; "This is going to really feel good."

Patty pushed the vibrator in a little, back out, then in a little further. Jenn resisted at first, then relaxed. After a couple of thrusts, Jenn's hips began to thrust back onto the purple beast. She began to moan quietly. Patty continued to push until the vibrator was all the way in, then stopped. She shifted position on the bed, then began to increase the tempo of her thrusts. To her delight, Jenn matched her pace and began to push back, raising her hips and resting on her hands and knees. Patty then turned the vibrator on, and the sudden motion caused Jenn to gasp, then push back with more power. Patty moved to the next higher setting and Jenn responded by moaning louder and louder, until she was close to cumming. Patty shifted position again so that she was right behind Jenn, then leaned up and kissed Jenn's clit. It tasted extraordinary; even better than her own juices. Jenn sensed this new feeling and looked between her legs and saw Patty eating her cunt.

"Patty - what are you doing?!" she cried. 

"Eating dessert!" Patty replied, and began to whip Jenn's clit with her tongue. This was too much for Jenn and she came with a scream. The force of her orgasm pushed the vibrator out of her cunt; Patty took it and put it in her mouth to look up the hard-earned juices.

"Wow - that was mind-blowing!" Jenn said, still trying to catch her breath. "You said you never did this before?"

"Well, never with another woman; up until now it's only been Jeff. He really opened up a side of me I didn't know about myself and it's pretty . . . cool." Patty said. "Wanna try another one, or what?"

"Actually, I could use a break, then I'd like to try *that* one." Jenn said, looking at the realistic cock in the suitcase. "This makes Steve's dick look like a pencil."

"Thankfully, Jeff's a little bigger than that, but this one'll make you come again and again. Ready?" Patty asked.

"I guess; just go easy," Jenn said. She flipped over again and onto her back. Patty nodded and proceeded to gently push the cock into Jenn's still-sopping cunt. Jenn immediately closed her eyes and began moaning again. Patty was now beside Jenn and decided that she wanted to see just how far Jenn would go, so she moved onto the bed and settled her cunt over Jenn's face. Jenn felt the shift of weight on the bed and saw Patty's bare muff staring back at her. She blinked; she'd never seen a shaved pussy (or ANY pussy) before and wasn't sure what to do next. A second more of hesitation and she grabbed Patty by the hips and proceeded to lick Patty's cunt; slowly and tentatively at first. Patty loved the different feeling of a woman eating her snatch and began to moan too. She stopped for a second and bent over to suitcase and grabbed the vibrator that she just used on Jenn and handed it back to her.

"Fuck me with it." she said, and continued to eat Jenn's cunt, and lapping up her juices. God, I could eat her forever, she thought. Jenn alternated between eating Patty and pushing the vibrator up Patty's cunt. 

"God your tongue feels soo good! Steve hates to eat me!" Jenn moaned while licking Patty's cunt juices. 

"Good - then he won't miss a thing," Patty answered back. She shifted positions a little and began to rim Jenn's asshole, driving Jenn crazy. 

"Oh . . .Oh Yeah! Fuck me there! Ugh!" Needing no further encouragement, Patty proceeded to tongue-fuck her friend's ass, burrowing in as far as her tongue would go. Jenn followed suit and Patty felt Jenn's fingers drilling into her ass. The sensation was incredible; a dildo in her cunt, and Jenn's finger in her ass. 

"Fuck! Fuck! Ugh!" Patty cried as she came. Jenn felt Patty tense up with her orgasm, and it caused her own orgasm to build and crash over her. They stayed in a 69 with Jenn on top for a moment to catch their breath, then Patty felt Jenn begin to finger her cunt.

"Geez girl, doesn't your engine have an Off switch?" Patty moaned.

"Mine's on timer - set to turn off on Sunday if you want to idle with me!" Jenn said between licks & kisses on Patty's cunt. Patty was busy burying her head in Jenn's sweet juices, and felt hands spreading her legs higher and wider and Jenn's tongue teasing her clit. Suddenly, she felt something different being inserted into her cunt - hot and thick. She moved her head from under Jenn to look.

It was me, smiling back at her.

* * * * *

Lori & I headed for the casino restaurant and found the usual line of people waiting for a table. we got in line, when I noticed for the first time that Lori was dressed like she was going to see a show later. 

"Do you always dress this nice just to sit in a smoky casino?" I asked casually. 

"Well, Jenn and I were just going to walk Fremont and see what was around; I hadn't been on this side of town for a while and wanted to see what changed." She didn't volunteer that she was actually out to hook a guy but figured that I wouldn't approve of her being in pursuit mode. She noticed me quickly scan her body head-to-toe before looking at her again. Wow - I can make a married man look; I must still have something, Lori thought. 

"So is this your usual weekend hangout now? I haven't seen you in the Valley lately."

"No, we haven't been back here for a while, but it's been crazy at home with selling the house and all." I sighed. "This was the first break we had to get out, so we took it." I looked past Lori to the casino floor to see if I could spot Patty. She must have either scored the big jackpot or went back to her room, I thought.

"Are you looking for Patty?" Lori asked. "Yeah, she usually gets bored pretty quick after playing the slots; I was checking to see if she was wandering around looking for me."

"She might have hooked up with Jenn; we talked all the way here and I think she needs to talk to a married woman & maybe she found her; I guess I couldn't relate to everything she was going through." 

"Don't sell yourself short," I said, "Jenn trusts you with everything; you're just lucky you're not hooked up with some stupid guy. I just hope I'm not one of them." 

"Oh come on, you should hear how Patty talks about you. Every one has rough spots, but you and Patty seem to really work and play well together."

"Well, playing is why we're here!" I said. Just then the hostess came up to us and led us to our table. Lori and I continued to talk about each other's lives over our meal; what's happening with my & Patty's move, what idiot guys Lori found herself going out with, and work, work, work. 

"So what's up with Jenn and Steve? Are they fighting again?" I asked. I'm normally not into other people's dirty laundry, but Lori got my curiosity going.
