 I vividly remember the Thanksgiving eve of my sophomore year in college. My family was having a tough year financially, and I could not afford to go home for the holiday. For the first time I would be on my own for Thanksgiving. I saw a sign in the common room that there would be a communal turkey dinner for students stuck on campus. I found myself feeling a bit too lonely and bummed out about not going home to push myself into that kind of environment. I engaged in the activity that comes naturally to a college student without class the next day. I went to my regular bar for a few drinks. On a regular night the bar is packed with horny coeds trying to hook up for the night. Tonight however, it was eerily quiet. The bartender and I talked sports and music passing the time by as he poured me beer after beer. 

It was a dull and boring night by any standards, that is, until two attractive women entered the bar. They sat down at the bar a few stools away from me. One was a busty brunette with an English accent, and the other was a petite blonde also with an English accent. The brunette was wearing a fitted shirt and tight pants that perfectly accentuated the curves of her body, and her blonde friend wore a similar outfit. We spent some time checking each other out, but for tonight I was just in an alone kind of mood, and I continued to nurse my beer by myself.

I think they were on their third round of drinks when the brunette walked over and sat down next to me. "Hi I'm Lynn," she said. We started making some small talk and I learned that her friend's name was Amy, and they were students from England attending one of the local colleges, and working as nannies for visa purposes. Lynn was intrigued by the fact that I was from New York, and we discussed the possibility of her going back with me during winter break for a tour of the city.

In the middle of the somewhat flirtatious chit chat and small talk Lynn caught me off guard when I felt her hand start to move from my knee up my thigh. Between the drinks in my system and all the attention I was paying to her chest I didn't even notice when she first rested her hand on my knee. I looked up at her smiling curiously. She smiled back and then lunged forward and thrust her tongue into my mouth. I opened my mouth to receive her kiss, and our tongues flicked and rolled together inside my mouth. I felt her hands running through the hair on the back of my head, and I ran my hands down her side, down to her ass. Our kiss became hotter, and I felt her hand between my legs rubbing me over the bulge in my jeans. I pulled away from Lynn when I was again caught by surprise by a new set of hands on my shoulders and a warm breath in my ear. It was Amy, and she whispered to me that we should head back to their place.

I quickly settled my tab at the bar and also paid for the ladies last round of drinks. Lynn and I followed Amy in my car back to their apartment. In my car, Lynn looked at me with hungry eyes, and her hands went straight for my zipper. She opened my pants and ran her hand over the bulging erection in my pants. She cooed softly feeling the length and thickness of my shaft. Lynn pulled my cock out of my boxers and stroked it. She deftly moved her soft fingers up and down my shaft trailing her nails along the belly. I kept one hand on the wheel and reached out for her chest and started to rub her nipple through her shirt. She smiled and moaned softly before pulling her shirt over her head, and then taking off her bra, exposing her 42 DD chest to me. I pulled and tweaked her nipple as she went back to work on my cock. She moved my hand away from her breast so that she could lower her head down into my lap.

First, she flicked her tongue over the head, sending tingles through my body. Then she took the head into her mouth circling it with her tongue. I moaned softly in response to her skilled tongue and warm mouth. I was starting to have fits trying to drive straight and enjoying the great action that my cock was getting. It was especially difficult considering the few drinks I had beforehand. Lynn took more than half of my shaft into her warm mouth, rolling her tongue over it as her head bobbed up and down. Her mouth felt so good, I was rock hard and I could not wait to get to her place, and get into her pussy. After tasting a few drops of pre-cum, Lynn lifted her head from my lap and licked her lips. "You have a very nice cock, you better fuck me good with it" she said. She unzipped her jeans and slipped her hand into her panties, moaning she said, "I want to feel that long thick cock of your pumping my tight pussy hard baby."

The car ride was only about fifteen minutes, but it felt a lot longer than that. Amy was already there and she had left the door open for us. Lynn was already topless, and she wasted no time getting out of the rest of her clothes. Naked, she went straight to Amy and wrapped her arms around her neck embracing her in what at that point had been the hottest and sexiest kiss that my eyes had ever seen. I dropped my pants and sat down on the couch to enjoy the show. Amy pulled her shirt over her head and removed her bra, while Lynn knelt down and removed Amy's pants. Amy turned to me and ordered; "now you need to get totally naked too." Immediately, I unbuttoned my shirt and discarded any remaining garments from my body. I sat on the couch stroking myself watching these two beautiful women make out and fondle each other.

Lynn took Amy by the hand guiding her to the couch. Lynn brushed my hand aside from my cock and took she lowered her mouth over the entire length of my shaft. Her mouth was so warm and wet, I felt drops of pre-cum building at the head and I arched my back up pushing deeper down her throat. Amy sat down next to me and I reached out to start playing with her nipples. Her breasts were not as large as Lynn's but they were very soft and perky. I leaned over and took a nipple into my mouth. Amy held my head down on her breast and moaned softly as I sucked and then grazed her nipple with my teeth.

Lynn proved herself to truly enjoy being a giver of oral pleasure. She moved over from my cock and then got between Amy's legs to lick her pussy. My cock was throbbing like anything from Lynn's expert mouth. Watching her going down on Amy moved me even closer to the edge. I got up and moved behind Lynn remembering the hot words she spoke in the car. I raised her hips off of the floor and then bent her over onto her knees. I rubbed my finger against her slit, which I found to be dripping wet. I gripped my cock and rubbed it up and down between her pussy lips before inserting it slowly, all the way deep inside her pussy. Lynn let out a good moan when she felt that my cock was all of the way inside her.

The sounds of the moans of Lynn and Amy together were so hot. I pumped my cock hard and fast into Lynn's pussy, her hips pushed back against me to meet my thrusts. I saw Amy's legs wrapped tightly around Lynn's neck as she was pinching her own nipples and bucking her hips wildly as Lynn pushed her to an orgasm. Lynn didn't slow down at all. I continued to pound at her pussy, feeling my balls swinging and slapping against her. I held her hips tightly as I felt her pussy start to clench down on me and I started pumping her as strong and fast as I could. I was deep inside her and I could not hold back my release. My cock exploded inside of her bursting with my warm and thick seed. Feeling and hearing me cum must have been the last thing that Lynn needed to reach her own climax. She writhed and moaned as her body shuddered with wave after orgasmic wave coursing through her body. I kept pumping my cock deep inside her as she rode out her climax. When her climax subsided we both rolled over onto the floor and laid together feeling deeply satisfied. Amy was already coming back to life and she brought us out some drinks.

Once Lynn and I had regained our strength Amy suggested that we move things into their bedroom...