 This is still a fantasy, still no diseases in here so still no condoms, and I am saying still to much don't you think. I do have a request though, the last whore didn't get very good ratings, please tell me why you didn't like this one, or loved, I do enjoy hearing from you on how hard or wet you got. So since very few actually bothered to tell me anything, I'm turning on the public feedback, maybe you 'will get off your ass and do someone' Well OK, before you get up and do someone, tell me what you liked didn't like please.

My first john's cum still oozing out of me a little I have to stop my strutting around to talk to two men in a car. I have the presence of mind, well OK I wasn't so freaking horny anymore, to look the car over as I approach it. I am impressed, it's a new Buick dark blue Regal, that is a Buick isn't it? The two men sitting in the car aren't terribly men, more like boys really, still teenagers anyway. As I lean down to look into the car and allow my shirt to pull away from me giving them a free look at my tits in all their almost bare glory, I look them both over. The passenger is sitting there in a nice shirt and tie, his cute boyish looks almost hidden behind a slack jaw and blank expression.

Sensing I'm not going to be getting any information from him, I look to the driver and see a teenager also, though apparently older. He is an Adonis, dressed in a T-shirt, one of those small ones you men wear under your dress shirts, just a pair of thin straps holding it up. His arms are thick, not football player thick, but thick, his chest is broad, his stomach is smooth and showing that six pack of muscle. I couldn't help it, I started drooling at him and what little left of my first john oozes out of me and runs down my legs riding on the wave of fresh juices cascading out of me. I only got hotter when he fully looks at me and opens his mouth.

"Hi there, I don't suppose you could help us, my friend here just turned 18 and I thought it would be better to get him laid then just buy him some gift." He tells me, his words flowing out of his mouth and riding to me on the most wonderful and totally sexy voice I've ever heard.

I just drifted on his words for a minute, I swear if he had started singing in that rich baritone voice every opera singer in the world would shoot themselves, he sounded that good. I snapped out of my reverie of his voice when he cleared his throat. Turning a bright red I turn to the passenger and speak to him first.

"Well, how about it birthday boy, would you like to have me as your birthday fuck?" I ask him, leaning a little farther forward and drawing my skirt up a bit, allowing him and anyone behind me to get a scant glimpse of my shaved cunt.

He looks at me, his jaw dropping more as his gaze drops to my skirt and the whoring cunt peaking out at him. I stand there for what seemed like forever, the whole time this poor birthday boy said nothing, only emitting a few noises and swallowing often. I look over at the driver, I assume his friend, and wink at him before turning back to the silent one.

"Hun unless you say yes you're not getting me." I stood there and waited for another few seconds. "I guess it's a no." I stand up and start walking away, behind me I can hear the driver hitting him and telling him say yes you idiot, then suddenly I hear the word I had been praying for.

He said it so quietly I had to walk back over to the car and ask him if he had said yes, the second one was louder, so with a huge grin I start covering the bases.

"OK, now before I get in this car, you two have to pull out your cocks so I know your not cops."

Ah the wonders of youth, they both had their cocks out in their hands before I had even finished saying 'cops'. The one sitting next to me starts to stroke his cock, already hard and I can see his pre-cum oozing out already. Reaching into the car I grab his hand and stop him, giving him a wink and turning to the other one.

"OK, for two guys to get the works it's $200, but since its birthday time, I'll do it for $140, deal?"

As one they both say deal, young men are so cute. Now up until this time I hadn't noticed, it's a two door, at first the birthday boy starts to get out of the car, to let me get in back or him to get in back, I'm not sure which, but I wasn't going to waste time, I had to have that Adonis in me. Just the thought of having that man between my legs fucking me, or in my mouth shooting that hot cum down my throat almost had me cumming. I pushed the birthday boy back into the car and sat on him, only then noticing he hadn't zipped up or put it away yet.

Luckily, I hadn't sat on him fully, or I would have been getting fucked right then, as it was his cock was pressed between my cheeks. If I had sat back another inch he would have been in my ass, lucky for me I didn't, I hate anal OK, I know odd thing to hear from a slut with fantasies of being a whore, but hey we all have limits.

As the car starts pulling away I pull the birthday boy's hands to my tits coaxing him into caressing them before taking one and pulling it down my body to my dripping cunt. With two of his fingers tucked away into me, I turn to the Adonis driving and tell him to pull into there and pull around in back, I'll earn my money there.

Birthday boy groans upon hearing that, I guess he knew he would get to fuck me soon. His hand grabs my tit tighter and practically mauls it as he moves his hand around on me, his other hand going farther into me, I groan as I feel his knuckles digging into my lips. Round about the time I'm cumming on his hand, the Adonis stops the car and turns it off. I can't move for a second or three, I was still enjoying the hell out of that orgasm.

As it fades away finally I pull birthday boy's hands from me and open the car door, hopping out I drop to my knee's and with a little help yank his pants off. Adonis starts to get out of the car but stops when I grab his arm.

"No no, you just sit there and watch, it's his birthday he gets to fuck me first, after I swallow of course, don't want to have him cumming in 10 seconds after all." I tell Adonis with a wink, my hand going up and down on birthday boy, his head is red and leaking copious amounts.

Without further ado I open wide and sink my head halfway down birthday boy before closing my lips and licking at him as I move my head back up and then down, taking him in farther with each down stroke. Taking my now free hand from his cock I cup his balls and move my fingers around on them before rubbing at him underneath those balls, now drawing up closer to him. My other hand is busy as well, between my legs, sinking deep into me fingering myself hard and fast causing me to moan around his hard cock, now almost totally in my mouth.

With a grunt he starts cumming, his hot cum shooting into my mouth, his hands grabbing my head and pulling down. Being a good whore I just let him pull my head down until my nose is buried in his hairs, his hot cum now shooting right down my throat. He holds me there for a while until he relaxes finally, his hot cum still oozing out of him into my mouth. I draw my head back until just his head is in my mouth, licking away at him coaxing the last out, taking deep breaths to compensate for the time of not being able to breathe, guys keep that in mind, when you cum don't pull down on her head, we do enjoy breathing K.

Letting his halfway drooping cock fall from my lips I smack them, licking the hot cum remaining there up, and pull him from the car, motioning to the Adonis to come along to. I lead him to the hood of the car and lean back against it, spreading my legs wide, hiking my skirt up, I slide a finger back inside of myself and fuck my whoring cunt hard with my fingers, moaning loudly and telling birthday boy to get hard and fuck me.

In no time at all he is hard again and trying to get into me, gently I push him back and turn over, moving down the car a little ways so my head is over the bumper. My skirt still hiked up, my fingers still in me. I motion for Adonis to give me his cock to suck as I grab birthday boy and guide him to me, then in. With an almost savage, animalistic grunt he shoves his cock deep into my cunt, causing me to open my mouth to moan, instead of a loud moan of pure pleasure I emit a strangled oomph as Adonis shoves his cock into my open mouth.

With two cocks shoved into me I can't move very much, not that I was wanting to anyway, I was still getting accustomed to their hard cocks in me anyway, and I was cumming. I just lay there glorying in the after affects of my orgasm when they started moving, they both started moving yes, first Adonis in my mouth, then birthday boy behind me. With the two of them pumping into me I had little choice but to lay there accepting their cocks, oddly enough, at first they moved together, then they stopped thrusting at the same and started alternating, so I found myself bouncing around on the car between them. As birthday boy would thrust into me, Adonis would be pulling back, and vice versa. This is not to say I was just laying there like a log, my tongue would lick over Adonis at whatever part of him was over my tongue at the time, my ass would move up and down on birthday boy.

Besides the intense pleasure of having a cock in my mouth and pussy at once, my nipples were rubbing through my shirt on the warm hood of the car, stimulating me further than I can stand. I found myself cumming all over birthday boy and moaning around Adonis. At this Adonis grabs my head and starts cumming, quickly I grab his hips so he can't pull my head down, I wanted to taste him.

Taste him I did, he started shooting large amounts of cum in my mouth, my tongue licking over his head and mixing his cum up with the pre-cum still in my mouth. I really enjoyed the feel of his cum on my tongue and in my mouth, a sticky liquid oil in my mouth, the flavor of it though really got me going, he was the wonderfully sweet, tangy honey of the gods.

About this time I realize I had forgotten about birthday boy fucking me and start moving my hips again, almost immediately he grabs my hips holding me still and buries his cock as deep as he can get it. The first hot spurt has me cumming again, the feeling of it shooting into me, so deep I can feel it kinda bouncing around and up against the end of me before it slowly spreads out.

OK, gotta stop here for a second, I do know I'm saying more or less he came against my cervix, well more or less did anyway. I do know what the parts of me down there are, I just happen to think saying he shot against my cervix sounds clinical, kinda like hearing your doctor tell you, you have cervical cancer. I know it's not, but it sounds like it to me, I'm a bit odd K.

As birthday boy's spurts turn into more of leakage I move my hips again, milking every last little bit of him out into me. Then pushing him back a little I turn around and drop to my knee's again, taking him into my mouth, cleaning him and relishing the flavor of us on his cock.

Letting him drop from my mouth I turn and look at Adonis now standing next to birthday boy and run my eyes up and down him. I just can't get over his body, the trim lines of him, his muscles, his golden brown hair, his cock now hanging at half mast. My eyes are riveted on his cock for a second or twenty, hard for me to know he is that good looking. Finally I look back up at his face and stand up again, leaning back against the car I speak to him asking a question.

"Think you can get that cock hard again for my pussy hun? I said for both of you to get the works, though I wasn't exactly thinking you'd both cum already. Of course I have to admit I am glad you both have." I say to him using my best sexy drawl.

"I don't know, that was incredible and you took a lot out of me, making me wait like that to start and then your mouth, you are by far the best cock sucker I've ever had, let alone cocksucking whore." His voice sending me into overdrive again, my juices and birthday boy leaking from me.

Catching it with my hand, I get an idea and take it to my mouth and proceed to make love to my cum covered hand, moaning and groaning and making a big show of cleaning it from my hand before taking my hand back down my body, pausing briefly to open my shirt before heading all the way down to my pussy and running my fingers up and down on my lips.

My other hand getting busy pinching and pulling on my nipples, I bring the one at my pussy again to my mouth and suck the cum on my fingers off making loud smacking and popping sounds before taking it back to my pussy and inserting a finger into me. At first I move it around in me, a little in and out but more around, getting my juices really flowing then slowly moving my finger in and out of me. Picking up speed I stop for a minute and insert another finger, I was really into it now and just had to cum for them.

I must have been an incredible sight to them both because before long they were both hard and softly stroking their cocks. I wasn't really caring at that point, I was moaning loud and ramming my fingers into myself, my other hand really going to town on my nipples, pinching and pulling and rubbing them. Wasn't to long after they got hard I was throwing my head back and groaning in pleasurable agony as my cunt tightened around my fingers as I came long and hard. Before the juices in me could move too far away from my cunt I bring my other hand down and catch it before pulling my plunging fingers free with an audible slurch and a lot more cum came out of me, mine and birthday boys. Catching it in both hands now I bring one up to my mouth and lick it clean before bringing the other one up to do the same, then look at Adonis.

"OK, I need more cum in me, please cum here and fuck your whore until your shooting that sweet load in me."

He sure moved fast, I found myself laying back as he shoves his cock into me and starts fucking me hard and fast before the last syllable is done rolling off my tongue. I just have to tell you about his cock, besides the fact this man is a total god, looking better than any of those famous statues, he is also bigger than any man I've had before. His long cock is also wide, filling me up so much my pussy is stretching to accommodate him.

He feels so good in me I came just from him putting it in me, then again after his first few strokes, and again soon after that. I was in such total heaven I couldn't do much besides lay there and accept him in me. I was going off like fireworks under him, just laying there and moaning as his big cock shoved its way into me again and again.

After practically passing out from his masterful fucking of me, he slows down allowing me to regain my senses and move under him. Nothing fancy, I just move my hips up and down under him, my hot, dripping, totally fucked pussy desperate to get more of this god in me.

At that he starts moving faster again, just shoving that cock in and out of me harder and harder, then softer and slower, and then faster again, then slower then faster. It's incredible the skill he had to fuck me with, especially for one so young. His rhythm wasn't, he kept fucking into me like a machine, but a machine badly out of tune. He would go fast on one thrust, then slower, and pick up speed for the one after, sometimes he would practically shove me across the car hood with his thrust, other times barely get all the way in.

The entire time I can do little more than move my hips erratically and moan in orgasm after orgasm, as his big long and hard cock tossed me around on it like a feather, my juices running out of me like an avalanche, there is no better word for it. I was cumming and juicing faster than I have ever done before and his massive cock was to big to leave much room in me for those juices. We turned into almost a parody of people fucking, just him shoving his cock in me, his ass moving back and forth driving that cock in me, my hips trying desperately to move under him in something close to the normal way a woman who is so into her lover would, my mouth permanently open wide crying out in orgasm while trying to keep saying in no particular order 'fuck your whore, fuck my whoring cunt hard and fast, give me that hot cum, shoot it in me, fill me up'.

Somewhere around halfway through, I notice that I can feel cum in me, not birthday boys, at this point all he had put in me that was left is dripping down my legs, but from Adonis, not a huge amount, but enough to know he had cum in me. I started to orgasm again at the thought of him shooting more of it in me, I just knew he was going to be shooting all he had left in his balls into me at any moment now, but he showed no signs of slowing down, or cumming, he just kept fucking me like an animal, an out of tune animal, but animal all the same. Then I felt more shooting into me, but there was only the one spurt, this time though he groaned and stopped moving for a second before starting up again. He just kept going and going, pausing every now and then after shooting more cum in me, but always starting up again. I swear to you I came every time he shot that little bit in me, and every few minutes besides from him fucking me.

We went on and on for quite some time, so long I was actually thinking of begging him to stop when suddenly he stopped with the slow then fast hard then soft fucking and started to really fuck me, and I do mean FUCK ME. He would just shove that cock in me so hard I would practically shoot off the car if it wasn't for his hands now wrapped around my shoulders, even with him holding me he would have to pull me back to the edge of the hood while he was pulling back to shove it in me again. At this point I was just screaming, no words, no moan, just a pure unadulterated scream of total passion, and I did something I thought I couldn't do anymore, I came. I'm not talking one of those mewing little he came in me cums, I'm not talking a toe curling, muscle spasming cums, I'm talking CUMS, this was one of those I know the meaning of life, I know why we are here, I thought god would be taller, I thought heaven had more angels, I thought I couldn't breathe this high up, I thought I had cum before.

Then he came to, this wasn't one of those little squirts cums, this was a shooting it deep and hard in me cums, and I did something I was positive I couldn't do, I came again during the ORGASM. Not the same HUGE cum, but I came and I knew it. He lay on me for a while, I have no idea how long before he kinda slid off of me and sat on the ground, leaving a big hole where my tight little pussy normally is, his cum kinda frolicking around in the new roomy area before sliding down my legs. I was so out of it I didn't move at first, just lay there with a dreamy smile on my face then rolled over a bit and just curled up into a ball.

I was practically comatose and too weak to move. The birthday boy and Adonis being nice men wanted to take me home, but I told them to just take me back to my corner. With a shrug they got dressed again, got in the car pulled me on top of birthday boy's lap and drove back to the corner. Once there I got out of the car again somehow, and tried to walk away from the car on weak wobbly legs, but couldn't do it, luckily the other whores grabbed me. I don't remember much after that, I woke up the next evening in a hotel bed.

OK, I have a confession to make, that last little bit of being fucked by Adonis, that did happen to me, and does on a regular basis, not always that good, but we can't go at it for long enough all the time. For those I talk to on a regular basis, that is what I get from my hunk.