 I used to lie to myself and say I was a performance artist, but the truth of the matter is I am a whore. 

To cliffs notes my life I am a 21 year old who left a small town on my 18th birthday in search a life more fulfilling then pouring drinks at the local pub. I always knew I would end up a sex worker, in many ways I always was. My daddy skipped out bout 10 minutes after I was conceived and my mumma well, she went through men faster then I could keep count. I decided at a young age minimum wage wasn't for me. By the time I was 12 I knew my body was my biggest asset, from getting free snacks in the cafeteria to showing some leg to skip out of detention in junior high to blow jobs and lap dances for grades in my later schooling days. I now stand 5'8", have a full C cup, long hair that screams to be pulled and curves to make any man weak at the knees. The other thing I learnt early was I love sex, the kinkier the better, another reason to leave my backwards hick town, missionary and back seats where about all they knew, Trust me I looked... hard. 

When I first arrived I worked in a strip joint for a few months before starting in a 'massage parlor.' While I enjoyed the work it was still a little PG for my liking but it paid the bills and kept me wearing designer, but after 8 months of working there I met Bill, thank the lord. He was the talent scout for the club I work for now and said the moment he met me he knew I would become a star. 

You see this ain't no lingerie or topless waitress gentleman's club. After my introduction to Bill I was invited to meet 'the board' for my audition. I was told to be ready at 9 pm sharp. A car would pick me up and take me to an a place I did not need to know where my audition would be held. Getting in the shower before my audition I was already wet with excitement. As the warm water flowed over my shoulders my left hand pinched and teased my nipples while my right hand went straight to my cunt. One, Two, Three fingers were plunged into my silky folds. 

Two orgasms later I stepped out of the shower and prepared myself for the audition. Having lasered off all the hair from below my shoulders I just had to worry about lotioning myself and doing my make up. I have always had full, fuck me lips so red lipstick was a must and dark smoky come hither eyes. At 10 to 9 I slipped into the tightest, shortest leather dress I owned and headed for the door. Underwear I felt was unnecessary. 

At 9 o'clock exactly a stretch limo pulled up to the curb and the door automatically opened. Not wanting to keep anyone waiting I jumped in. As soon as I got in the door closed and locked, if I was ever going to regret my decision it would have been then. But before I have a chance to think about it, out of know where a voice boomed. 

'Good Evening Elle,'

Shocked I took a moment to respond.

'Uh... hello'

'Welcome to your audition, Bill told me you have great promise but I need to see it for myself. Remove your dress,' I hesitated, apparently for a little to long, surprised by what was going on. 'NOW' the voiced roared causing me to jump then swiftly remove the dress, placing it on the chair behind me. 'Don't cover yourself, uncross your legs, let me look at you.' It was only then I realise the small cameras placed throughout the back limo. I decided if this was how it was going to be I was going to make a show of it. Spreading my legs as wide as they would go directly into the camera and with my chest out I asked, 'sorry boss, what would you like me to do next.' I could already feel my pussy juices flowing from my cunt and my nipples rock hard. 'On the seat in front of you you will see a large black bag, open it and remove the box marked 1. Remove this box only and return the bag to its position.'

Intrigued as to where this was going I reached forward to grab the bag, opening it I saw several small boxes inside but not wishing to push my luck I grabbed only the box marked 1 and returned it to the chair. When I was again seated with my legs spread the voiced returned. 'Open the box.'

20% scared of what the box may contain 80% excited I lifted the lid to find a pair of medium sized nipple clamps. Without needing to be asked I attached to clamps to my already protruding nipples. While the pain of the clamp was intense it was outweighed by the horniness I now felt in my sex. 'Very good' the voice stated, 'you are a fast learner, how do they feel my pet?'

'Amazing sir, they hurt but in the best possible way,'

'Very good, Bill may have been right, you look like you could be a star,' I had never been so excited in my life, my smiled filled the limo til the voice said, 'but the night is still young. Take box 2 from bag and open it.'

Doing as I was told the second box opened to reveal a large purple dildo. Grinning from ear to ear I awaited further instruction telling me to fuck myself with it. Turning my cunt directly in front of one of the cameras I started to run the dildo up and down my slit before ramming it into my fuck hole. I continued to pound my cunt with the fallus til I was about to come. 

'STOP' the voice reappear, earning a groan from me as I stilled my movements on the verge of cumming. 'Leave the dildo in your cunt and open box 3.' Hurry to do so in the hope I would be allowed to orgasm soon. Opening the third box I was not surprised to find a rather large butt plug. 'Put it in your mouth,' correctly assuming I would not be getting any lube I shoved the plug in my mouth and licked it for all I was worth. 'You may insert it in you cunt once then shove it in you arse.' I went to remove the dildo from my sex only to be stopped, 'I did not say you can take it out, maybe we do have stuff to teach you,' Realising now he wanted me to double penetrate my cunt, I lifted my ass off the car seat and slowly inserted as much of the dildo as I could, the pain was great but I was still far to turned on to care, removing the butt plug from my cunt I eased it into my ass, feeling it fill me.' I had been in some threesomes with some of the guys I use to run with back home but since moving to the city most of the sex I had was work orientated and the massage parlour wasn't really into group sex, so it had been a while since I had been this filled. I took a moment to adjust to being double stuffed til I heard the voice 'Sit down on the plug so it stuffs you fully.' As I sat down I felt the plug penetrate my bowels further, the pain was intense and this time it took longer for my body to relax. I was so preoccupied with the pain that I forgot where I was and why I was there. It took the voice 3 times before I heard him very sternly ask me to open the last 2 boxes. 

The box marked 4 contained a blindfold and knowing the man behind the voice was more then a little annoyed at having to repeat himself I quickly put the blindfold then felt around for the last box. Opening it, it didn't take a genius to feel that it had handcuffs in it. As I closed the bracelet around one arm I heard the voice say, 'lock your arms behind your back. We are almost here'...

I clicked the other bracelet on my wrist behind my back and sat back trying to ignore the mixture of pain and pleasure coming from my cunt and arse. 

It felt like hours but a few moments the limo stopped and I heard the voice telling me to get out of the car. I could hear the car door unlock then open as I shuffled the best I could double stuffed to the edge of the seat. As I swung my feet around to touch the ground I felt a large hand roughly grab me and pull me out of the car. Without having time to think I was dragged from the car and into a building and tossed over the end of a couch. Disorientated it took me a while to realise they were several voices coming from the room. 'Elle, meet the board.' I heard several groans of approvable before being instructed, 'this is your final test, perform well here and you get a job, fail us and you will wake up tomorrow in your apartment like nothing ever happened.' My pussy gushed at the sheer excitement of what was too come. 

I didn't have to wait long to find out as I felt the butt plug and dildo ripped out of me seconds before the nipples clamps were pulled from my chest, I let ot a howl of pain but was swiftly silenced by a dick being shoved in my mouth. After initial shock I managed to relax my throat and take him all the way in. I managed to hear murmurs of approval, which spurred me on to work even harder. As best I could with my hand still handcuffed behind my back I bobbed my head up and down on the cock. 

'Look at the little slut go,' 

'She loves it the horny slut,'

As the guy in my mouth was about the blow he grabbed the back of my head so he could shoot right down my throat, as he started to blow another guy shoved his dick right up my pussy causing me to gag on the cock in my mouth. As the first guy finished filling my stomach the guy behind me grabbed my hips and started pounding into me. It took me less then 2 minutes to come after all the foreplay in the car. More comments about 'the slut' came from the crowd as I started to yell, 'fuck me' 'pound my pussy' 'use this slut.'

When the guy in my pussy finished I was pulled from the couch, the handcuff's were undone and I was placed in what I assumed to be the centre of the room. I spreader bar was placed between my ankles to keep my legs wide, then my hands were tied in a similar fashion above my head. I heard the voice from the car say, 'she's all yours' and straight away I felt fingers playing with my lower lips, my nipples were being fondles and pinched, I felt a finger slowly probe my asshole. This continued for a few moments before I couldn't take it and said, 'somebody fuck me, I need a cock in me now.' I felt a cold liquid being squirted on my ass before it was split apart by a massive cock. Its pounded my into my for a few minutes before slowing down to allow another cock to enter my pussy, I moaned in pleasure and pain being stretched to the limit, fuller then I ever have before. They plundered my holes over and over again for the next few hours, I lost track of time, how many guys had come in or on me, I'm am sure most of them a couple of times and how many orgasms I had had. By the time they were finished I was completely drained. If it wasn't for the bar holding my arms up I would have been lying on the floor, never had I experienced so much pleasure. I felt my legs then my arms slowly being released. I was picked up, still naked as the day I was born, by from what I could make out a rather tall built gentleman. I wondered if I had had sex with him tonight, while I would never find out I like to think I did. He carried me back to the limo and laid me down on the backseat. I heard the door close then lock again and the car started to move. Just as I was about to dose off, the voice returned, 'Congratulations, the board were very pleased with you. May remove then blindfold.' I did so. 'In front of you, you will see a job offer and contract on the seat, the details of your work are outlined for you, if you accept there is a number to call, you start work on Friday, the car will pick you up at the same time. See you then.'

I was then left alone with nothing but my own thoughts. Thinking back on the night that just happened, I was shock but excited. It fulfilled a fantasy I had long been looking for, I picked up the contract and flicked through it. While some of the things I may be asked to do shocked me the juice leaking from my pussy answered any doubts I may have. When the car arrived back at my apartment it was close to 5 am. It was starting to get light out but I didn't bother to put the dress on that was still on the seat, I simply picked everything up and ran inside can called the number, I started work that week.

That was 2 and a half years ago. Since then I have done things I had never even thought of and loved every minute of it. I earn more money then I ever dreamed possible and best of all, I am now never short of a cock when I need one.