 Continuation from 'Whore Elle: gets a job', but can be read on its own. 

*

I started work for the Club that Friday. As promised the limo picked me up at 9pm sharp. As described in my job description I was wearing a barely there black lace bra, matching suspenders and hold up. No Panties and covered only by a tiny little black dress. Had the partition not been up the driver would have got a nice view of my cunt. 

Not being preoccupied with putting on a show for 'the board' the trip seemed to take a long longer then last time, however when the car stopped I was still made to put on a blindfold as I was escorted into the building. I was pulled to the left and eventually ended up in an office. I was gently pushed into a large leather chair and told to wait. Just as the door was shutting the voice called out, 'you can take the blindfold off.'

I sat there twiddling my thumbs for what felt like an eternity but was really only a few minutes before a very familiar voice started behind me. 'Elle, we meet again' said the chairman. 'I must say we were quiet pleased when you called to say you were interested in the job offer. However before everything is finalized there are some housekeeping questions we need to go over.' I nod and he proceeds. 

'Firstly at the conclusion of this interview you will be taken for a sexual screen. This is a very exclusive club, no member is ever expected to wear a condom. All girls are placed on the pill if they are not already. Everyone, Members and girls get screened every 3 months as per house rules. If there is anything suspicious girls may be suspended until any issue is resolved, same goes for members. Is there anything you need to disclose before we continue?'

'After the gangbang I enjoyed the other day I think it's a little late for that but no there is nothing to tell, I am clean and don't worry I'm on the pill, Its about the only decent thing my momma taught me was about birth control.'

Ignoring my sass he continued. 'We will conduct our own tests, providing there are no issues, your first performance night will be a week from today. We are only open 3 days a week, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday. You will come in next Wednesday to get your results and get a feel for the place. All the girls here are performers, designed to entertain men. You will be asked to do many things but it is never our intention to make you uncomfortable so before we go any further is there anything you do not do, fetishes etc, anything off limits?'

'I am not a pain slut. I mean don't get me wrong, I love it rough, spanking hair pulling, being gagged I am all for, but I don't do whips, chains, paddles and nothing that will scar, not my thing. However I am very flexible I am not adverse to being tied up in different positions as long as they all produce the same result as the other night, me having lots of orgasms. Nothing that was done during my audition made me uncomfortable, quiet the opposite in fact.'

'Good good, we can work with this,' he pointed to a different door to the one I believe I entered through, 'Please proceed through that door. The nurse will conduct your tests then the limo will drive you home. In the limo will be a mobile phone, it is locked it can only call the club directly and only the board have your number, we will contact you on Tuesday to make the necessary arrangements for Wednesday, best of luck and hope to see you again soon.' And with that he was gone, through the door I was originally pushed through. 

I stood up and made my way through the door I was instructed. By this stages my pussy was so wet I am amazed I didn't leave a mark on his chair. My nipples were clearly visible despite the bra and dress covering them. While I still only had a few details of my job the possibilities from the small bits I knew excited me to no end. 

When I got through the door I was greeted by a man in his mid to late thirties and a woman who looked no older then 30 and whom I was about to discover were the staff doctor and nurse. I was instructed to remove my dress and bra but the suspenders could stay on. To most people this may sound like an odd requested but when you make your living selling your body being naked in front of strangers becomes no issue. I removed the requested items and moved to sit on the examination table. The man then spoke introducing himself as Doc and the woman as the nurse referred to as Candy. 

At Doc's instructions Candy quickly took some blood while he examined my mouth with one of those annoying wooden tongue depressors. When they were both finished I was commanded to lie back and place my feet in the stirrups a la Hollywood birth scenes. I was told to relax while I felt fingers probing by fuckhole and ass. I was finger probed and stretched for the best part of an hour before I was dismissed and told they'd be in touch. 

Tuesday night around 8 I received a call from the chairman telling me to dress the same as the previous Friday but with panties, a car would be there for me at 9 tomorrow night. I went to bed that night so horny it took half of my toy collection (which I must warn you is by no means small) to completely satisfy me. The possibilities this job held for kept me having 'pleasant' dreams all night. 

I remained excited the whole next day and just as on the audition night it took me an hour in the shower and too orgasms before I was good to go. The same blindfold routine was used to keep the secrecy of the club and I soon found myself back in the oversized leather chair. 

The chairman walked in and wasted no time telling me I was clean. NO Shit Sherlock, I'm a Slut but I ain't dumb. I was then told to remove my dress and follow. Leaving the office we returned to the main entrance and headed across the hall to a large door guarded by a well-built man in a 3 piece suit. As we walked towards him he promptly opened the door and I was guided in to what I assumed to be the PG portion of the club. There were a handful of waitress's dressed similar to me serving men drinks while they admired the entertainment of a well-dressed exotic dancer on the stage. While she was good stripping was not what I signed up for having left it over a year earlier. I was excited however when I saw that instead on the tradition $1 bills there was nothing less then $50's being thrown around on this stage. Perhaps this ain't such a bad gig. 

From there our journey continued to another room where instead of a stripper onstage there were two girls going at it like wild fire. The chairman spoke up, 'This is the performance stage, the routine and girls change every night. This is where Bill (the man who discovered me) thought you would be a star.' My mouth was watering and my pussy was dripping at the possibilities that could arise on the stage.

The final room we walked into contained several tables each seating several men awaiting for what I assumed was to be the final performance choice. 

Little did I know what was to come. Suddenly I felt my arm being pulled and the Chairman pulled me up onstage. I now realised how many men were in the room and realised it was upwards of 60. The Chairman introduced me to the crowd. 'Good evening gentleman, this here is our new performer, Elle, she has been cleared to work and trialed by the board. Now though is her final test. She is yours for the night. She is not a pain slut so all the whips have been put away however she may be spanked, all holes may be filled and she likes it rough.' 

With that a pommel horse was wheeled onstage by two men who proceeded to lock the wheels before grabbing my arms. They laid me bum up on the horse and proceeded to lock my arms to extension that came out to the side. I soon found out this was so I could wank people off while they waited to use me. My legs where then cuffed along side the legs of the horse and the men stepped back. 

Cunt Juice was running down my leg by this stage as the memories from the 'audition' came back to me. Suddenly I froze with shock as I felt something cold roll up my thigh. Spinning my head around I was unable to see what was happening but I soon realised it was a blade cutting off my now unless underwear. The chairman stepped back and said, 'She's all yours.'

With that I heard several chairs be pushed back from tables. With my ass facing the crowd I could not see much until a man with a rather average cock rubbed it against my lips. Needing no further invitation I opened my mouth and let him gag me before my throat relaxed. He grabbed the back of my head and started to pound my mouth like a pussy for a few strokes, then he would slow down. He continued this motion for a few minutes before stepping back and letting the next cock move to my mouth. Meanwhile both hands were filled with cocks while I felt several sets of fingers playing with my cunt and ass and several voices commenting on how wet I was. It didn't take long before the first cock penetrated my cunt in one swift move, I moaned around the cock in my mouth at the sudden intrusion. I was only given a few seconds to adjust before this cock to started to hammer away at my hole. Matching the cock in my mouth they managed to last a few minutes before the cock in my pussy blew the first load into my tight cunt and stepped back. Within seconds another cock slid into me. 

After a third cock emptied his balls in me I heard a voice say lets really open this bitch up and I felt a cock pushing at my ass. I could hear the man behind me spit on his cock and I felt him scoop some of the cum out of my pussy to lubricate my hole. After he could get two fingers in easily he retracted and nudged his helmet through my back hole. He didn't have to work to hard to get his cock in and as soon as he slid home a roaring orgasm ripped through me. I moaned around the cock in my mouth and shook violently. The man behind me was most impressed with himself as I heard him yell 'look at the bitch go.'

I was kept in that position for the next hour with cocks in both hands, one in my mouth and one alternating between my cunt and ass. By the time the men were finished I had a stomach full of cum, it was dripping from my holes and all over my back. I had more then a few orgasms and once again I felt like I had found me the perfect job. The men slowly left and I was left alone for a few minutes until the chairman returned to untie me. He told me the members were impressed and he would see me again on Friday. I was directed to the shower room, where I found my dress and shoes and an envelope. 

I left the envelope for the moment to shower and remove the cum. Once I was clean I opened the envelope and saw a cheque for five grand with a post it saying starting wage. 

Five Grand for one nights work. You can see now why I liked this job. In the envelope there was a note as well. I pulled it out. Your shifts are as follows:

Friday's you strip in the Bar. Saturday's you are on stage Wednesday's gangbang.

My shifts have changed slightly but two and a half years later I still work for the chairman and love every single second of it.