 It was Debbie who made the first move after the episode with all four girls. As the teacher saw us as the "responsible members of the form, she and I were sitting at the back of the Lab (Helen and Anna are in different classes and Alison was ill that day). There was a solid wooden bench so no one could see what we would be doing, and most of the class were on a German exchange, so we were almost alone. We'd been doing pair work, so Debbie and I were sitting quite close. The teacher was talking at the front about ionic bonds, or something like that (I wasn't paying attention much, as I was admiring Debbie, and her legs) when I felt a hand on my thigh. It was Debbie's. She was massaging my thigh, getting closer and closer to my crotch. I thought it only fair to return the favour, so I placed my hand on her leg (luckily it was summer so she wasn't wearing tights). It felt so good just to massage her legs (as I said before, I have a particular fetish for legs) so I began creeping under her skirt. At this time we were still looking forward, pretending to concentrate on what the teacher was saying.

Then she reached my crotch; she began squeezing my screaming hard-on through my trousers. I got down to her panties. She lifted herself off of her seat, and I got the idea. I slid off her panties and put them in my pocket for the time being. I began massaging her clit with my fingers, and gradually slipped three fingers into her. This made her more excited which made her squeeze on my dick harder, which made me more excited which made me fiddle with her more. Eventually she came, she was keeping it quiet, but I could tell from the look on her face that she was in ecstasy.

When she had recovered she undid my belt and unzipped my trousers, and pulled my pants down a bit. My penis stood up to attention, as solid as a tree trunk. She put her right hand around my dick and began jerking me off slowly. I thought I would explode. I began to ooze pre-cum. She looked down and saw this. She wiped her finger over my dick's head and put in her mouth. She licked her lips. She purposely dropped her pencil on the floor, and engulfed my dick in her mouth. She began sucking me off. 


Then the bell went. Debbie stopped, much to my dismay, and stood up. I thought she was going to leave, but instead she asked if I could help her with some work during the first part of lunch break. The teacher said it'd be fine, but that we weren't to touch any of the lab equipment. Believe me the lab equipment was the last thing on my mind. As soon as everyone had left, she closed all the blinds and locked the door.

"Don't worry", she said, "no one ever come up to the lab during lunch"

I was standing by now. She came over to me, and pulled off my trousers and pants. She then got on to her knees and engulfed my cock again in her mouth. It was so good that I had to lean on the corner of a desk to support myself. I began fiddling with her hair with my other hand, running my hand through it and so on. Before I knew it, I was pushing her into my cock. I suddenly realised that some girls didn't like this, but as I got no complaint I continued. I was deep throat fucking her, and it wasn't long before I dropped my wad in her delicate mouth. She swallowed it, but some dribbled out of the side of her lip. I removed my shirt, and was now completely naked. She however was still in school uniform, except for her panties. We got into a role-playing situation.

"Get up Debbie. You want good grades don't you?"

She smiled and nodded

"Then turn around," I continued, " and I'll show my special tutoring technique!"

She turned around ad lean on the table. I looked at her beautiful ass. Needs lubricant thought. I decided to eat her out, and she came ever so quickly. I wiped her own cum into her ass, but just to be sure I began jerking off behind her.

"What are you doing?" Debbie asked

"Don't worry, you'll find out!" I replied.

I then shot my load onto her ass. She was obviously startled by this sensation,

"That should be enough lubricant!" I said out loud, then I stuck my still hard dick right up her ass. She moaned with pain, (as she had only been ass fucked once before) but as I got a steady motion going, she began moaning in please. I was using my hands to massage her tit through her blouse, and to stimulate her clitoris. The combination of this and my cock up her ass made her cum again, and the contraction of her ass around my stiff rod made me shoot my seed up her ass. I remove my dick, and asked her:

"you like that didn't you?"

She again smiled and nodded. I rolled her onto one of the lab benches. I positioned myself on top of her, the missionary position. I began undoing her blouse, and skirt. Before long all she was wearing was her bra. I began undoing that too. Upon seeing her beautifully perk breasts I launched at them with my tongue. I kissed her neck and whispered to her:

"clean my dick, and I'll make you happy"

She moaned, "yes, yes, anything."

I turned around so in a 69 position, and she immediately began to blow me off again. I kissed around her thigh before burring my head in her muff again. We came in unison. I had one last thing to do before I filled her up though. I got myself in a position so that my knob was placed between her tits. I lowered my dick between her tits, and used my hands to push her breasts around my hard-on. I began pushed my dick back and forth between her breasts, again and again, and then I came. I pulled out from her tits as I came, splattering her face and torso with my semen. She smiled and licked the cum from around her mouth. 

I was now ready. I positioned myself back in the missionary position, and used my dick to massage around her hole.

She was getting desperate now and almost screamed:

"Fuck me you son of a bitch, stick your weapon in me!"

Not being a man to disappoint a lady, I did as she asked and shoved my penis into her. She came immediately as I pumped into her. She rolled over, so she was on top, which allowed me to play with her tits and legs and ass, while she pumped up and down on me. She came again and pulled herself off my rod. I was disappointed, as I had yet to cum inside her vagina yet, but I was pleasantly surprised as she adopted the doggy position. I had always dreamed of taking Debbie like this, and now my dream was coming true. I re-entered her, and began pumping harder than ever, before long she began to moan, as did I. Then I shot my load; it must have been one of the biggest loads I have ever shot. She came, I came then we both collapsed on the bench. 

We got dressed, and opened the blinds and unlocked the door. We went on for the rest of the day as usual, and it was only when we got home that I realised that I still had Debbie's panties, as a pleasant reminder of our experience.