 I was desperate to fuck Helen again. I had had the other three again since the first encounter where I took all cherries available, but not Helen. And to be honest, Helen was the one I fancied most out of all of the girls. My chance came when she had her birthday party. Her parents were out of town for the week end and her brother was staying with her granny. The party was from 19:00 to 01:00, and it said on the invite that you could sleep over if the time was too late for your parents. Of course I wanted to sleep over, I thought that things could happen, but on re-thinking later I realised that most of the boys in our year would have the same idea, and while I had a better chance it'd be hard to get passionate with so many people round. But by that time I had already convinced my parents to let me stay over.

The party went great, I danced with a few people, but I spent most of the night with Helen, talking, dancing or making out. However when it got to about 23:00 parents started arriving and picking up kids. I didn't think this was a problem at first, but gradually more and more of the children left. And then when there were no people left, I realised that Helen had engineered it so that only I would be staying that night!. When everyone had left she took my hand and led me up to her bedroom, and no words were exchanged. Her room was a purple colour, and really was a typical girls room. There were a couple of picture of good looking blokes on the walls. She had a single bed, but we didn't go near that yet. We were standing in the middle of her bedroom. I was in Levi's, and a white T-shirt, she was in a red dress. She dropped to her knees in front of me, and undid the button on my trousers. She slowly undid the zip. My throbbing cock was in front of her, and she put a hand on it. I was so horny, she then pulled my pants down a bit to reveal my aching cock. She rubbed her hands across it, and then kissed the head. I was going to cum soon, I knew it, but to my dismay she stood up. She put her hands on her shoulders, and slipped her dress off. She was beautiful. She was wearing a pair of red lace bra and panties, both slightly see through, so I could see her bond pubes and her erect nipples.

I was on the brink of cumming. 

"Helen," I said, "I don't know how much longer I can go without..."

She took both her hands and placed them on my prick. I came immediately. My spunk went all over her hands. I thought that she'd be disgusted by my inability to control myself, but when I looked at her, she was smiling.

"I always wanted to make a man do that!" She said. We then kissed deeply. To my surprise she slipped back onto her knees. 

My dick was still hard although I had stopped cumming. 

"Now I know you thought I was going to suck you before," she said, "and I don't want to disappoint!" With that she took my prick in her mouth, while at the same time using her hands to jerk me off. She sucked and licked me like a pro. I put my hand on the back of her head, as I had done to Debbie, but before I could push her into me, she stopped, looked up to me and said that if I did, she would walk out. I instead used my hand to play with her hair or massage her shoulders. She rubbed the back of my thigh while sucking me, then began to knead my buttocks. This felt great, and allowed me to really push my cock down her mouth. I began to cum and told Helen so. She removed one of her hands from my ass, and began squeezing my testicles, as if milking me for cum. She swallowed as much as she could, but eventually she pulled the dick out of her mouth and allowed the rest of my cum to land on her face and body. She stood up, and we kissed. I took the opportunity to lick the rest of my cum off of her face. I slowly pushed her back till she fell and lay on her bed, with her legs hanging over the edge. 

I liked Helen a lot, so I was willing to please her, and play with her all night, though I wasn't sure how long my dick would last. I began licking and kissing her legs. I worked my way up her body, avoiding her crotch for the moment. I kissed her belly, and removed any cum that was left. I kissed her deeply on the mouth then kissed the top of her breasts. I slowly slipped the straps of her bra off of her shoulders. I slid my hands around her back and undid the catch, all the time continuously kissing her breasts, or belly or neck. I pulled her bra off, revealing her beautiful breasts. They were more beautiful as I remembered, and I thought they were bigger than I remembered, but that may have been my mind. I immediately began licking them. I would start by licking the left breast, and using my right hand to play with her right nipple, and my left to play with her legs and panties. I would then alternate so that I could suck her right breast, use my left hand to fiddle with the left breasts and my right on her legs. I continued alternating like this for ten minutes, then using my tongue I traced a line down to her panties. I kissed and sucked the inside of her leg, and around her panties. I looked up at her on the bed. She had a handful of the bed sheets and was squirming in delight. 

"I think I need a break!" I said jokingly

"NO!" she shouted immediately, " suck me please. I need it, I need you please!"

She was begging me. This had been another one of my fantasies. She was waiting for my response. I didn't give her a verbal one, I just slowly slid her panties off. There it was, her muff. She had a small bush of blond hair. I began licking round her hole, and flicking my tongue across it. Every time I did this she moaned in pleasure. So I trust my tongue deep inside her. She let a long moan of pleasure out, which made me glad that there was no one else in the house. I found her clit, and flicked my tongue over it. I put my hands on her ass, and slowly slid 2 fingers into her ass. This allowed me to pull her beautiful muff closer to me. She arched her back up, thrusting her lower body into my face even more. Eventually my hard work paid off and she came with an instrumental force. Her cum splashed all over my face and she collapsed in a pool of pleasure. 

By now I wanted to cum again too, but this time I wanted to be inside her. I turned her over, exposing her ass. I rested the head of my penis on her ass, waiting for a moment before I pushed inwards.

"No please don't!" she said, "last time you did that it, hurt, and you don't even have any lubricant now! I am sorry, but please don't!"

"That's OK!" I said, even though it did cheese me off a bit (She did have the sexiest, most well formed ass I have ever seen!), I continued, "would it be OK is I fucked you normally though?"

"Definitely!" she said, "please do!"

I flipped her back over again, so she was laying on her back. She was wet, seriously so! I put my dick in front of her hole, and slowly pushed my cock inside her. She was still tight, but the amount of lubrication made it much easier for us both. I pushed my whole length inside her and began pumping. She came while I was pumping away inside her. I bent over and sucked on her nipples, and we both came together. We both moaned in pleasure. I wasn't finished, I was sure I had plenty more cum inside of me. I swiveled her round so she was laying lengthways on the bed. I straddled her at belly level. I lay my dick between her perfect tits. She got the idea and pushed her tits around my dick. I thrust my penis forward and backwards as if pumping her pussy. I fingered her nipples to keep her ready and willing. It didn't take me long to cum, as Helen's tits were so gorgeous. 

She then rolled me onto my back and straddled me, she slowly lowered herself onto my rod, impaling herself. This was the best position, she pumped up and down, and I was able to play with her tits and legs. She came from the pumping, and I too began to climax. I couldn't believe that I was shagging Helen. It was great. And with that thought I shot a huge load of cum up into her.

We continued to bring each other to orgasms till 3.00 am, at which point we fell asleep in each others arms.