 Wicked moved her lips down toward Wild's breasts, licking her way downward in soft tiny catlike oscillations, without the sandpapery tongue. Hers was soft, long and she used it well. When she got to the breast, she kissed it softly, moving around the pink center, being careful not to touch the nipple yet. Then teasingly she darted her talented tongue in and out whipping the nipple lightly, back and forth. Wild shuddered and let out a soft long moan, followed by one from Doug. He was so close he could hear the lapping of her tongue against the other woman's tits and thought how he was going to enjoy feeling her tongue on his cock, on his balls, in his ass. The thought made his cock ooze more, he was ready to fuck anything anybody put in front of him. Wicked looked over at him and moved her tongue around the outside of her lips. She said, "I am going to lick some pussy, and I want you to watch me." All he could say was "Oh God." 

The girls pushed the huge ottoman over to where he was sitting, and Wild propped her leg up between his, pushed her panties over to the side of her crotch, and slid two fingers inside. Her eyes closed and she moaned again. Wicked took Wild's hand away and placed those fingers inside her mouth licking and sucking them off loudly. "You taste so fuckin good," she exclaimed, and then kissed the other girl yet again. While she did, she pulled Wild's panties down and she stepped out of them. Wild arranged herself on the ottoman so that Doug had a perfect view of everything going on. Wicked spread Wild's legs wide open and then took her red nailed hands and opened up the woman's dripping cunt. Doug could clearly see how excited she was, she was so fuckin hot and wet. Wicked bit her friend lightly on the inside of the thighs, then dragged her hot tongue upward toward her crotch. That action caused Wild to cry out and grasp for her partner's head. Wicked pushed her hands away and placed them on her tits. "Play with your nipples for Doug, he likes that, don't you Doug?"

"Oh yeah, I like it all!" he gasped. Wild started to pinch and tweak her own nipples while Wicked spread out her pussy even further so that the head of her clit could be clearly seen. It too was swollen and distended, easy to find and Wicked wasted no time in moving her tongue around the erotic little button. She buried her face in the other woman, licking her softly but so that she could be felt, long licks from her ass to her clit, and then back down again. She flicked her tongue over the girl's clit lightly and then more vigorously, her head a barrage of red glistening fury. She tongue fucked her, probing hard, so that the other woman fucked her tongue as she pushed the small cock-like protrusion into her liquidy orifice.

Wild was groaning steadily, uttering unintelligible things. Her head was moving back and forth on the ottoman. Doug knew she was almost ready to cum, and so did Wicked. Wicked leaned back, and placed two of her fingers into Doug's mouth, he sucked and wet then eagerly. She took them out of his mouth and slowly drilled them into Wild's saturated pussy. While she finger fucked her, she began to suck and tongue lash her clit. Wild began to fuck Wicked's face uncontrollably. She grabbed her head and thrust it further inside her womanhood, if that was possible, and wrapped her legs around her tightly. Her body started to arch and buck and became wracked with spasms. She screamed "Oh God!" over and over again, each time pumping furiously against the other woman's face and fingers. 

Finally, her grip on Wicked released and Wicked moved out from her temporary prison. She turned to look at Doug, her face was glistening with the other woman's sweet love juices. She leaned over and pressed her soft soaking wet lips onto his, her tongue inside his mouth instantly letting him taste the other woman as well as herself. It was too much for Doug, his cock was in flames, he needed release. With one huge thrust his churning cum was like a pneumatic piston inside his cock that had reached maximum overdrive and he shot a huge load far out into the room. Wicked moved her lips from his mouth to his cock in time to take the remaining smaller explosions down into her throat, swallowing in gulps, taking him in as quickly as she could. 

He screamed in ecstasy. He couldn't remember when he had cum so much and so hard. In his dreamlike state, he shouted "RED." From a speaker somewhere mounted in the room he could hear Jack say, "OK, I'm taking a break, be back in 10 min. There is an hour and twenty minutes left to tape." And then the room was momentarily silent.

Doug was the first to speak saying, "You two women are so hot, I couldn't control myself anymore. I'm not embarrassed either, I am not sure how I lasted that long!" Wicked said, "You are a really sexy man, the rest of the session is going to be just as hot. Let us clean up, we'll bring you a warm cloth and towel, and get you ready for some more fun." She walked over to a door at the far corner of the room, it looked like a lavatory door, and when she opened it, that is what it was. It even had a shower. The two girls disappeared inside and were in there for only a few minutes when they returned with his warm cloth and towel. They cleaned his genital area gently and then toweled him off. The touch of their hands made him harder still. He hadn't become soft, he had remained aroused, he was still very much excited. After they had finished he said, "It is my turn now. Wicked I want to lick every part of you, If you would please remove all your clothes, and Wild, while I am eating your friend, I want you to suck my cock, my balls. Is that OK with you girls?"

"They looked at each other and laughed. Wild said,, "We thought you would never ask!" Doug laughed too.

Wicked said. "Jack, we're ready any time you are." To which Jack said. "Rolling now."

Wicked walked over to the wall and hit a button. The room filled with a very sexy jazz number. Something you would hear in a high class strip joint, and that is exactly what she did. She began to strip for Doug. She stood in front of him, moving so seductively, her huge tits still outside of the bustier, and the nipples still hard and hot. She grabbed her tits, one in each hand and began to roll them around, milking them, sort of grinding them with her hands to the music. She was close to him, she bent over and teased him with them, brushing his face with them, letting him stick his tongue out and then pushing a hard nipple into his mouth. He pulled the nipple gently with his teeth as she backed away and it stretched for a moment and then she was gone. 

She stood farther away, swaying to the music and began to unhook the bustier letting it drop to the floor when she was done. She placed each foot on his chair and removed her stockings, he massaged her legs as she did. She turned around for him, removing her panties lastly and then turned slowly, letting him see the full frontal view of her. She was awesome. A flawless work of Rubenesque art. Soft, supple and sexy. He stood up and took her in his arms, his huge cock between them, pressing into her as he did. She gave herself up completely to him, her arms wound around his neck, her hands in his hair. He bent slightly and pressed his lips to her mouth softly at first and then more aggressively. His hands held the sides of her face, he didn't want to let it go. Her lips were like candy, sweet and succulent, his tongue licked them moving around in a circle and then back to where it first started. 

Her mouth was warm and inviting, he pressed his tongue inside and she allowed him the pleasure of being there. He probed her open mouth deeply, passionately, gently sucking at her tongue and she did the same to his. All the while the music continued that soft grinding rhythm and his body churned into hers, lightly, wanting to meld into her. He removed her mask, and pushed his hands through her flowing mane. She was a glorious sight to behold, he caressed her face, his fingers trailing through her hair. Small sounds of pleasure began to escape from her lips. His rigid cock began oozing again. 

He moved her slowly over to the bed and had her lie on her back. He lie down next to her, taking her in hungrily with his eyes. All this time Wild had quietly watched from the other arm chair in the room, but now she joined them on the bed, she had a bottle of massage lotion in her hand. She whispered, "While you are pleasuring Wicked, I will be pleasuring you." All he could think was, "Damn, I'm gonna like this." 

His hands began to caress Wicked's body. He started at her shoulders and worked his way down, making sure not to miss an inch of skin. He wanted to touch all of her, leaving nothing unlicked, unfelt. His lips again found hers and their kisses were powerful, tiny bursts of delight kept sweeping through her pussy. He pushed his knee in between her legs, letting her press her bare womanhood against him, almost humping him like a dog in heat. He could feel the wetness of her there. Soft hands were on his back, massaging in a warm silky liquid, it relaxed him and excited him at the same time. His mouth left Wicked's and began to trail through her hair, and he pressed his lips to her ear whispering how excited he was to be with her. 

How hot and sexy he thought she was. His hands were on her huge breasts now, kneading them softly between his fingers. He kissed each gently and teased the hard nipples with the tip of his tongue. He placed his teeth on one and pulled it up letting it fall back in place, she groaned at the touch of his lips on her tits. She let her hands drift onto his chest and began to tease his nipples with her nails. Rapidly flicking them over his tiny nipples. He loved the sensation, it made his hard cock even harder. He pressed himself again into her plushness, she could feel how rocklike he was and longed to feel him inside of her. 

Wild's hands traveled downward working on Doug's rounded ass. She had a thing for guys asses, liked to massage them, tongue them, and Doug's was no exception. She went to work diligently, kneading the sexy cheeks with her tiny pliable hands. Her thumbs pulled up large clumps of hard flesh and let it drop again. Almost like big pinches, but much more enjoyable. She worked the silky smooth lotion into his ass, then rubbed some on her tits and rubbed her tits on his ass. He could feel what she was doing and he began to move his ass against her tits. His mouth was on one of Wicked's nipples sucking greedily, licking loudly. Wicked continued to pinch and play with his nipples. Wild moved lower so that her face was even with Doug's ass and she splayed her fingers over his ass cheeks and separated them slightly. She started at the top of the separation and pressed her tongue between them, letting it move downward inside about an inch and all the way to his balls. 

Doug's cock started to drip like a faucet, he pressed his ass into Wild's face, making the crack of his ass more accessible to her. She spread him open farther exposing his hole to her. Tight, puckered, wet with her saliva. His hands began to trace the swell of her stomach, she was arching her back, pressing her hot wet pussy into his knee more furiously now, she wanted his face there. He wanted to touch her first. He spread her legs open with his hand and placed the palm of his hand over her hairless mound. His fingers were drenched, she was soaked. Her wetness had seeped past her lips and had dripped between her legs. His middle finger started at her ass and slid along the outside of her lips to the top of her mound. He quickly placed the finger in his mouth so he could sample her. She was all he had dreamt of and more. 

He whispered to her, "I want to taste you now." And with that, he spread her legs wide open and got on his knees in front of her, resting on his forearms. His fingers held her legs open while his lips started at her knees and moved inward and upward until they kissed their way to their slippery goal. At the same time, Wild had maneuvered in behind Doug and she began licking his ass again, but this time probing his hole with her tongue hesitantly at first, licking at the outer perimeter, then more aggressively, until she was fucking his ass at a slow and steady pace. Doug's cock was on fire again, between his face in Wicked's hot, delicious cunt and Wild's tongue in his ass, he didn't know how long he would be able to last. 

Wild slid herself underneath Doug so that she would be able to suck his cock while he was busy elsewhere. He gazed into her saturated femininity, then he placed his lips delicately on one side and began licking her entire outer labium. She moaned with pleasure undulating under his tongue, massaging her own mammary glands squeezing the nipples between her fingers and pulling upward. Wild placed both of her tiny hands around Doug's manhood and was amazed at how hard and huge he was. She teased him with her mouth, licking the swollen head of his cock with her tongue in small tiny circles around the hole in the tip. 

It was wet and dripping and as she pulled her lips away for a moment a long strand of pre-cum followed draped from his dick to her mouth. She licked it away and then went back and lowered her mouth over the entire head, sucking in as she did. As promised, he left no part of her womanhood unlicked, and he softly held her outer lips open with his thumbs, spreading them open as wide as he could, he wanted to consume her alive. He anointed his entire face with the juice from her dripping pussy. He wanted to breath in her fragrance for hours, somehow hold on to her essence for all eternity. 

Wild's lips on his cock felt wonderful. She was taking long hard wet licks all the way up one side and down the other. She too manipulated him so that he was entirely wet between his pre-cum and her mouth juices. She licked down past the base of his cock and gathered one of his balls into her mouth and began sucking on it, rolling it in her mouth gently while lethargically stroking his penis with her hands. When she was finished with one, she took in the other, treating it the same sensual way. He was straining against her hands, it all felt so good, he wanted it to last forever. 

Wicked was ablaze with desire, his tongue in her pussy was as great a pleasure as she had ever received. He moved it adeptly, knowing exactly where and when to apply pressure or just the hint of a flutter. He circled his tongue around her vaginal opening, teasing, teasing her incessantly. She wanted to fuck his tongue, but he removed it just before she could grab it with her vaginal muscles. He moved in slow motion around her clitoris, his tongue so soft, exciting her so. Then he began to flick over it lightly, and placed one of his fingers into her opening, pressing it in slowly, making her beg him to fuck her. "Oh God Doug, make me cum, please... " she cried. "Doug smiled, tell me how you want me to make you cum, Wicked."

"I want to cum all over your face," she said breathlessly. She was breathing hard, almost in gasps. "You only had to ask," was his reply. He placed his fingers in an inverted V outside her clit, spreading out the skin, making it taught. He began to lick her steadily, increasing the pressure as he went. He took two fingers of his other hand and slid them in to her gushing hole. She groaned, flooding his fingers with her love juices while fucking his fingers with her pulsating hips. 

Wild had moved her mouth back up to his hot cock and began to suck him, letting her lips move lower and lower each time she renewed her attempt. She moved her mouth and tongue in a swirling motion and as she ascended her lips from his cock she moved her mouth in a spiraling direction upward while still sucking him in. She paced herself though, she didn't want to make him cum, just let him wallow in pleasure. His dick was so hot and heavy, it wouldn't take much to make him cum so she took her time and really enjoyed what she was doing. She took her free hand and began fingering her own sodden slit. 

He switched positions using his fingers now to manipulate her clit so he could fuck her with his tongue. He wanted to taste her fully, have her saturate his face with her creamy hot sauce. He ground his face into her then holding nothing back, wanting her to feel him penetrating her vagina with his torrid tongue. She reached for the back of his head, holding him in place there pumping his tongue wildly while feeling the heat of his constant barrage on her clit rise from her feet up into her pelvic region. Lights began to flash inside her closed eyelids and she began to feel the beginning of a truly sensational orgasm. She started to ride the wave of a huge spasm, her whole body tensed, held, and then shuddered in release. She shrieked. 

He plunged his tongue further inside her, lapping her juices as fast as he could. He could feel her pulsating orgasm against his face, his lips. She was like thunder and lightning all rolled into one. Her legs began to shake, and Wild had to stop what she was doing, she was afraid he would cum. He was almost as vocal as Wicked was, he was truly enjoying himself. It was then that he yelled "RED!" 

From the speaker again came Jack's voice, "You guys are looking good. Another ten minute break and 23 minutes left on the clock. Holler when you're ready." Jack was dismayed for a moment, only 23 minutes left, he felt like he had just started. But he knew the rules, one appointment, one chance. He would make the most of it. They all knew what they wanted next. They didn't even have to discuss it. The girls went back into the bathroom to freshen up and they again brought him a warm wet cloth and a dry towel. 

He walked over to his jeans and took out the rubbers. He shook the package in the air and asked if he had a volunteer to put it on him. Both women giggled and raised their hands in unison. He shouted at the hidden microphone, "You can start rolling Jack." Jack answered back, "I'm right on it!" He smiled at them and walked over to them, his cock still hard and rigid. The veins were distended forming huge cablelike masses under the soft silky skin. It was an angry red color, and hot to the touch. 

Wicked grasped him with both hands around the base, holding him still, pausing to kiss the tip with her pretty pink lips. She poked the tip of her tongue into the tiny hole for a second, and then removed it. Wild began to unroll the condom with her fingers, getting it started, then placed it at the tip of his penis and continued to roll it down almost struggling to keep it from rolling up again. He was large, it was a very tight fit, but it finally managed to stay down. He told the girls he wanted to fuck them. Both of them, as much at the same time as possible. So he had them get on their hands and knees, doggie style, his favorite position. The two women got on the bed, close enough to each other to be touching shoulders, their feet just over the edge of the bed. Doug came up behind them, suited and ready for action. 

He had the massage lotion in his hand. He drizzled the lotion over first Wild, then Wicked's ass. He rubbed it in with his hands, one on one woman and the other on the other. He massaged their anal area with the lotion and then applied more lotion to his hands and slid his hands back and forth along their pussy lips and inner labium, making them saturated with slippery stuff. He then took the bottle and dumped a dollop on his encased appendage and lubed himself to the hilt. He first grabbed Wild by the hips and began to ease himself into her. The girls moved closer together and began to kiss again passionately. The effect on Doug was instantaneous, he could watch them make love all night long. They suited and complimented each other well. Wild felt her pussy being stretched to the limit, but it felt so good. 
