 My next adventure was very surprising. It involved Jenny, and Holly. I had never suspected, that they were lesbians, but while running an after school errand for a teacher, I walked into a French room and caught them kissing. they didn't see me, so I watched for a while, before beginning to leave. But as I began to leave, Ms Jones came through the door in her usual tight shorts and top. (she was a female PE teacher, but looked about 18!).

"Where do you think you are going young man?" Asked Ms Jones, "get back in that class room and sit down!"

I was extremely worried now, I thought that she was going to seriously tell me off.

"now, I know what you were doing with Alison and Anna in the showers before, and now I catch you spying on these two girls! well Mr, what do you think this is, a sex warehouse?"

I didn't know whether she was asking a rhetorical question but it didn't matter anyway as the only thing I was thinking about was the huge bulge in my trousers. The Girls had stopped kissing, but these three females really were turning me on. 

"Well as you do seem to think that this is a sex warehouse, maybe we should try to tire you out as punishment!" Ms Jones continued, and I didn't quite understand what she meant. "either of you two girls ever given a blow job?" I got it now, and the girls both shook their heads. "Well I think its time we introduced male sex into your extra-curricular activities, so which of you wants to blow of this young man here first?" 

Ms Jones swung the chair round so I was facing the girls, and undid my trousers. She slid my pants down a bit, and pulled out my rock hard cock.

"Well he's obviously ready, what about you girls?" She said. Holly came over and knelt in front of me, she looked at my dick, standing in front of her face. Ms Jones was giving her instructions, but I wasn't listening. She licked up the shaft of my prick, and when she came to the head, she engulfed my meat in her mouth and began sucking. I considered myself a bit of an expert on blow jobs, and I could tell that Holly was not enjoying sucking me, and was not very experienced. I began rubbing her back, but Ms Jones slapped my hand away. I began to fell the pressure building

"I cumming!" I said. I felt Holly try to pull away so I wouldn't cum in her mouth, but Ms Jones shouted at her:

"NO Holly, He WILL cum in your mouth, and you WILL swallow it. You must learn to like this, if you ever want to please a man." She held Holly's head in place so she could not withdraw. That was as much as I could take. I came with full force, shooting my load into her mouth. She tied not to swallow, but soon her mouth was so full that she had to. She winced at the taste of it. Ms Jones let go, and Holly moved away.

"Look Jenny," said Ms Jones, "He's still stiff, why don't you have a go"

Jenny almost ran over and knelt in front of me. She too listened as Ms Jones instructed, and it was obvious that she was looking forward to sucking my knob. She sucked better than Holly, but it still wasn't the greatest blow job that I've had. What made it better was that she was using one hand to jerk me off, and the other to squeeze my balls, as well as sucking me.

"I'm cumming!" I said again, but Jenny needed no prompting from Ms Jones and just continued sucking. I came with a great force, and Jenny immediately began swallowing my load, as if it were a rare delicacy. 

As Jenny withdrew and propped herself up against Holly, Ms Jones was shaking her head. 

"Look girls!" she said, "you've both sucked him off and he's still rock hard! I better show you how its done. Stand up boy," she said to me, "your about to get a blow job you'll never forget."

I stood up as she said, and my dick stood perpendicular to my body. Ms Jones knelt in front of me. She licked up the sides of my penis, and licked the head. When she finally got to engulfing my prick, it was like ecstasy. She was definitely right, I wouldn't forget this experience. She sucked me good and hard, as if her life depended on giving me an orgasm. She used one hand to jerk me off at the same time, and used the other to remove her hair band, so her blond hair lay straight over her shoulders. She then used that hand to squeeze my balls. She was so much better than either of the two girls. I was on the brink of cumming: "I'm cumming, God I'm cumming"

Then I did cum, and shot my seed down her throat. This time it was a huge wad. At first she swallowed, but then she removed my prick from her mouth, but continued "milking" me with her hands. My cum landed on her face and hair, it was a beautiful sight to behold, this vision of beauty (that was a teacher, at least 10 years older than me) had my cum on her face.

She stood up and spoke to Jenny:

"Jenny, come over here and clean me up." Jenny walked up to her and kissed her body and licked her face to remove any large wads of cum that had landed on her. After this I was again hard. Ms Jones saw this:

"Now girls, she said, I know you've both never had a man inside you before, but as you can see this boy is not satisfied with oral stimulation, so as the next part of your lesson, I want you to fuck him one after the other. You Holly will go first, while Jenny, helps me to reach a climax! We will go in the other room and shall return shortly, you two may begin when ready!"

Ms Jones and Jenny left the room. Holly walked over to me, now I was a little uncomfortable with this:

"Holly what's with this?"

"Don't worry," She said, "Ms Jones is teaching us"

"But its obvious that you didn't want to suck me off! She shouldn't make you do things if you don't want to!"

"That's OK, I only joined so I could lose my virginity. Most of the girls have and I didn't want to be the one left out, and now it seems that I wont. I am losing my virginity to the same person as Anna, Helen, Debbie and Alison. You know they've been bragging about how good you are, now its my turn to find out."

She'd backed me up against a wall. She kissed me deeply, and ran her hands down my back. I returned the favour, massaging her arse and back. My dick was still out and was rubbing against her dress. She began hiking her dress up. As it was summer she wasn't wearing any tight, (so her gorgeous legs were showing", she slid her panties off. I got the message and lifted her up and position her above my prick.

"This may hurt you know!" I said

"Ram it in me, I don't care!" she replied.

I was not going to disappoint a lady, so I lowered her onto my dick. She was tight, seriously tight, as in I think she has never put anything inside herself tight. Then I came up against something. Her hymen.

"beg me to pop your cherry" I said

"Please fuck me. Take me now! Take my virginity." She almost screamed. I Did as she asked and thrust her down and my dick up, ripping her hymen to shreds. She screamed. But I began getting into a pace, to relax her, we continued kissing. I lay her on the table and began removing the rest of my clothing, till I was naked. She did the same, until we were both naked, and in a rhythm of joy. Her tits were like ripe water melons, succulent and round. I bent over and began sucking them, while using my hands to massage her legs. She orgasmed, and dropped her pussy juices on my cock, but I continued. I removed my lips from her tits and moved them to her legs. She, like Anna, was a runner and therefore had perfectly defined legs. I used my fingers to stimulate her clitoris and she climaxed again. Now I wanted to cum. I picked her up and pushed her against a wall, this gave me a better position for ramming my dick in her pussy. I lifted her legs up so they hung over my arms. I could now suck her legs, or her tits or kiss her deeply. I alternated between the three. I felt my cock begin to grow, so whispered to Holly:

"You want me to cum inside you?"

"Oh, Oh, Yes, Yes, Please!" She panted in the rhythm

"OK here I cum"

I pushed ,my dick into her as far as it would go and began to cum. I shot my load deep into her. This triggered her to have a third orgasm. We both came in unison, both groaning in the pleasure. Finally my dick went limp and Holly quietened down. I lay her on the table and sat down on a chair. I couldn't believe I had just taken another cherry from one of the fittest girls in our year. 

It must have been less than a 5 minutes later when Jenny walked in the room not surprised to see us naked, and demanded that Ms Jones wanted to see Holly and that it was her turn.

Holly left, leaving Jenny and me.

"God am I looking forward too this, but I am a bit over dressed."

She began to strip, which of course got me hard again, until she was only in her panties and bra. I walked over to her and pushed her against the wall. I kissed her deeply, and used my hands to undo her bra and play with her entrance. I slid her bra off to reveal two small yet rounded breasts, I began to suck on them, and being the bubbly person she is she began to laugh. I didn't care, I was a man on a mission, I wanted to fuck this little temptress. She was pretty, but well known for being a tease. I slid her panties off, so she was completely naked. I lay her on the same table I had used to fuck Holly, and positioned myself in front of her entrance.

"You ready slut? To finally lose your virginity?" I asked her

"Hell yeah, stick it up me good and proper!" She replied

That was all I needed. I rammed my dick into her. She was tight, but not as tight as Holly, she was as tight as you would expect a person who had never taken a dick before. I didn't stop pushing in, so I broke her hymen on my first stroke. At first she screamed, but then she began to laugh and eventually began to groan in the rhythm. She came once. I wanted to cum in this bitch bad, but I knew she would do anything. I lifted her onto the floor and began sucking her breast and playing with her clit till she came again.

"get on all fours!" I told her. She did it and I positioned myself behind her on my knees. I thought about sticking my dick up her dainty ass, but I thought that Ms Jones would seriously not like that. So instead I positioned my prick in front of her vagina. She moaned as I used my prick to massage around that area. From the sounds she was making I thought she was going to cum again! But I didn't want her to cum before me, so I shoved my cock into her doggy style. She moaned as I pumped away, and then she came. She went limp but I wasn't finished, I held her there till I came inside her, injecting my seed into the little kunt. I let her go and she slumped on the floor. I was truly knackered now, but as I rolled over, I saw Ms Jones and Holly. Ms Jones began to speak:

"Well these girls are useless, neither of them have pleasured me properly! Holly here was so out of it that she could do nothing for me. You must have fucked her well. So to see, I have come here, well to cum. I hope your still ready to go."

I stood up, I was taller than Ms Jones by quite a bit. My dick was again hard. I embraced her and then kissed her deeply. I was gonna have fun with her, because I fancied her quite a bit. Now that I knew that she wanted me, I could get anything I wanted. We stopped kissing as I removed her top, to reveal a rather sexy sports bra. I picked her up and sat her on the table. I noticed that the girls had returned to lesbianism, but I wasn't bothered, I wanted to pleasure Ms Jones. I slid her tight shorts off, leaving her in just her bra and panties. I began to lick her all over, and carefully slid her bra off. She had a pair of beautiful breasts so I began sucking on them, and carefully slid her panties off. I used my hands to manipulate her clit until she moaned in orgasm. I lifted her up and turned her round so she was leaning on the desk. Her pussy looked very inviting, but as my eyes wandered I found something even better:

"You ever had a cock in your ass Miss?" I asked

"No! Never!" she replied

"Well," I said, "your about to get one!"

I used my hands and wiped her own cum into her ass, and then I carefully pushed my dick between her beautiful cheeks. At the same time I used one hand to massage her perfect legs and the other to play with her tits. She was tight! I couldn't believe my luck, taking Ms Jones Ass cherry. She groaned in pain a bit as I pushed in. Eventually she had taken my whole length. I began pumping slowly and gradually picked up pace. I could take it no longer and I shot my seed into Ms Jones ass. She was obviously in pain as I withdrew my cock. She may have not enjoyed it, but I had, but I felt it only fair to pleasure her now. I pushed her onto the floor, and adopted the missionary position. I shoved my cock inside her, and we got into a steady rhythm. She literally began to scream in pleasure, till we both came and I filled her pussy with my spunk. She relax and lay backwards. The other girls had made each other cum, and now lay next to each other talking. I got my clothes on and prepared to go. before I left I looked over to see Ms Jones naked. My dick told me to go fuck her again, but my brain said that there would be other chances. There was a battle in my mind. When I saw that she was asleep I though of a compromise. I went over to her, and whipped out my dick. I began jerking myself off, over her, till I came. I made sure that I dropped my load all over her hair, face, tits, kunt and legs. Satisfied that no one involved would forget this experience I left. I was sure that this would not be my last encounter.