 I had been doing some contract work for a large multinational company and had the pleasure of dealing with a young legal secretary who had only been with the company a few months. Angela was in her early twenties and quite petite with lovely natural blonde hair and a great little body. She dressed a little old for her age, but always looked immaculate in her business wear, sometimes wearing a suit with a skirt and fine tan pantyhose. When I had first met her she seemed very stiff and straight laced, but in time became more relaxed and I began to see a, possibly quite adventurous girl. She knew I liked her and flirted a little with me, but I also knew that she had a boyfriend from about a year ago and she talked like she was quite taken with him.

One night after a company event we sat and had a few drinks in a bar and I ended up telling her way too much about me and about my encounters with women. She had seemed quite intrigued at the time and I remember her asking if I had ever been with more than one woman. I was hesitant at first, but told her I had done that a few times, but the night I had spent with a couple was far more exciting. I recall telling her way more about that night than I really should have, but she seemed to be genuinely interested and kept pressing me for more and more detail. I could tell that the more I told her, the more she was becoming turned on. 

The next time I saw her I apologised for telling her so much and told her that I should have kept that to myself. 

"Not at all," she told me, "it was fun to hear about it and get some ideas."

"No, I should never have told you these things."

"Listen, I'm a big girl and can handle it, okay?"

She was right. She was not a kid and I would just leave it at that, so that I could at least remain friends with her.

I met with her a couple of times after that and everything seemed to be cool until out of the blue she called me and asked if I could drop in to see her. I was there within an hour as I was close by and knew she had something to ask me. I sat with her in a small meeting room expecting a serious business issue when she began, "Remember what you told me that night?"

"Of course I remember and I'm very sorry."

"No, no it's okay, I just wondered if you would.............." but she couldn't finish.

"If I would what?" I asked her.

"If you would be interested in doing that with me, I mean us, if you would spend a night with me and........"

"You and ............?"

"My boyfriend," she said.

I sat back in the chair, took a deep breath and looked at her. She smiled a very sweet little smile and I saw a different side of her as I thought about what she was asking me. After a few minutes I asked, "Are you sure you want to?"

"Yes, I do," came her very quick reply.

"And your boyfriend?"

"Very much," she said.

She explained to me afterwards that they both had some kinky ideas and were willing to try some of them out, but were a little afraid and unsure where to start. I told her that I would of course love to join them and we set up a date for that very weekend. 

"My boyfriend is interested in doing what you did with that friend's wife you told me about, remember, after he had.............?"

She was referring to my friend ejaculating into his wife and then me eating the cum from her pussy, something I had done and enjoyed very much.

"Really, he wants to give that a try."

"Oh yes, he loves the thought of it," she said.

"Are you on the pill and okay with me ejaculating in you?"

She smiled and said, "Yes, I am and have no problem with you cumming inside me, in fact, we can't stop thinking about it."

"How about pantyhose, does he like you wearing them?"

"I have never thought about wearing them during sex, but I think he'd like to do exactly what you did with your friend and his wife."

I spent the week thinking about it and getting ready by making sure I was very clean and shaving my balls as smooth as I could get them and I trimmed a lot of my pubic hair, leaving it very short. The night in question came very quickly and seconds after ringing the doorbell, they both came to greet me. Angela gave me a hug, which she had never done before and her boyfriend shook my hand. We sat for a while and had a drink, but quickly ran out of idle chat as we all knew the purpose of the visit. Angela then sat up at the edge of the couch and said, "Okay, we all know why we are here and it's to have some fun and a little adventure. We are both willing to try almost anything, so if you want to kind of guide us a little then let's head upstairs."

"I will take great delight in joining you both, but first Angela, can you and I go upstairs for a moment?"

Angela agreed and I said to her boyfriend, "Wait right there," and I followed her upstairs. She was dressed in a short skirt and loose T-shirt, so once upstairs I asked her if she would change into something more business like. "Sure, what else should I wear."

"Do you have any new pantyhose, nice tan pantyhose?"

She pulled open a drawer and took out a brand new pair still in the plastic and handed them to me.

"Perfect, now put these on first," and I watched as she stepped out of the skirt she was wearing and I noticed a small pair of panties on her. I ripped open the new pantyhose pack and handed them to her.

"Remove the panties before you put them on," I told her.

She seemed a little more nervous now, but removed the panties and pulled the pantyhose up over her ass and then dressed in a tight black skirt and loose white blouse with no bra underneath. At no point did she seem concerned about me seeing her naked buttocks or breasts, which was a good sign indeed. "Now, put on some heels and let's get back downstairs," I said to her.

Her boyfriend was delighted that we had come back down and that I was not upstairs fucking her, which is what he must have been thinking. 

"Okay Angela, here is the scene. You are working late and have two clients to please. You are going to suck one of them off and as you do, the other is going to raise your skirt and fuck you from behind, then when he sits back down, you suck him off and the other guy gets to fuck you. Think you can do that?"

"Oh my God of course I can, who do I suck first?" she asked, but I just shrugged my shoulders and said, "Hey, that is up to you."

She stood there in front of us looking very hot and looked at each of us, then went over to her boyfriend and leaned down with her hands on his thighs and looked at him. He popped open his pants and Angela started to pull his stiffening shaft out of his pants. I sat back and watched her pull his pants open and take hold of his hard cock before lowering her head down and kissing the bulging tip of his cock. He looked over at me briefly then closed his eyes as Angela slid her mouth down his shaft. She gripped his cock around the base and started to suck him off as she pulled down on his cock and it stiffened even more. 

It was then that I stood up and walked over to the loveseat and placed my hands on the back of her skirt. I heard her draw in a big breath as my hands touched her and her boyfriend opened his eyes to see me undo my pants and take hold of my cock. I jerked off slowly with my left hand as I rubbed my right around her ass and began to push her skirt up a little, then with both hands on her skirt, I pushed it up around her waist. Her nylon covered ass looked amazing as her skirt settled around her waist and I started to rub my hands over her ass. The nylon was so lovely and smooth and I let my cock touch it and rubbed the head from side to side across her buttocks before pushing the tip down between her thighs and letting it slide under her pussy.

Her head was moving up and down faster on his cock now and I leaned forward and gripped her shoulders as I pressed my cock between the tops of her thighs and under her pussy. "Easy does it," I whispered in her ear, "we don't want anyone to cum yet."

Angela slowed down as I stood behind her and took hold of her pantyhose around the waist and pulled them down below her ass. She gasped again, but I moved slowly and placed both hands on her naked ass cheeks, spreading them slightly and getting a great view of her sweet little asshole and naked pussy lips. Holding her ass cheeks in my hands, I let the tip of my cock touch under her pussy and could feel her smooth lips and nice soft bush of pubic hair, then lifting the tip I placed it gently against her lips and pressed slightly into her.

Her lips felt dry and so I slid a finger under her pussy and in between her lips and to my surprise, when I parted them, she was indeed very, very wet. I circled my wet finger tips around her lips and then pushed the tip against her again, this time feeling her hot wet lips begin to wrap around my cock head. I pressed forward and her pussy had soon swallowed my cock head and the shaft began sliding inside her. I withdrew halfway, then again pushed into her, this time until my balls pressed against her. At this point Angela took her boyfriends cock from her mouth and let out a lovely long sigh as I began long slow strokes into her pussy and could feel the pantyhose rubbing the underside of my balls each time I sank into her.

Her pussy felt so good, I was tempted for a moment to change the plan and just take hold of her and start fucking her pussy until I filled it with cum, but it was still so early in the evening. I let my cock slip out of her pussy and stepped out of my pants and shoes and then pulled my shirt off, leaving me now totally naked, before penetrating her again and fucking her for a few more minutes. I then pulled out of her and pulled her pantyhose back up over her ass, then sat back down where I had been before and stroked my slippery cock. I watched as Angela lifted her head up from her boyfriends cock and turned to me. She saw me sitting there naked and knew what she had to do. As she stepped back, her skirt slid back down around her ass and she unzipped it and it fell to the floor. However, she was now focused on my cock, wet with her own juices and very hard indeed. I held it cock straight up as she came over to me and her boyfriend sat and watched. 

She lowered her mouth down slowly, but once she got close and saw the head glistening with her juices, she grabbed the shaft and pushed her mouth down hard onto my shaft. It felt so good and after her boyfriend saw me naked, he too undressed and got behind Angela as planned. I watched him tugging her pantyhose back down before sliding his shaft quickly into her and begin fucking her pussy. As Angela sucked my cock, I started to pop the buttons on her blouse and once it had opened, I reached in and started to caress her soft breasts. Once my hands were on her breasts she took hold of my cock at the base with one hand and started sliding her other hand up and down the shaft in time with her mouth. Things were now going very well and I had to think what we should do next, when I had an idea of something to try before heading upstairs. 

It felt so good as she sucked and jerked me off and I watched as her breasts shook every time her boyfriend penetrated her pussy. I always loved many changes in position, so decided to make one now. As I lifted her face gently up off my cock, her boyfriend went back over and sat back on the loveseat naked with his legs open and holding his stiff cock in his hand. He was waiting for Angela to return and suck him off, but I had a different idea now. As she stood, I took both of her hands in mine and walked her backwards with her pantyhose still down below her ass, until she stood in front of her boyfriend, with her back to him. I raised her hands up and said, "Step back up onto the couch," which she did after kicking off her heels and she stood with her feet on the cushions on either side of him. 

"Now sit down," I said and held her hands as she bent her knees and squatted down over his cock. Once her pussy neared his rigid shaft, he took hold of her buttocks firmly and guided her down onto his cock. He then penetrated her slightly, until she sat down further and I took hold of her around the waist. 

I moved her up and down on his cock until she got it a rhythm and then watched as they fucked in front of me, her pantyhose stretched tight across her thighs. I then stood back and held her by the shoulders and held my stiff cock up to her mouth and once she had the head in her mouth, she was fucking him and sucking me with the same stroke. This was very cool indeed as I could see her breasts bouncing up and down and could now see her neat little bush being penetrated. We did this for a few minutes then I took my cock from her mouth and held her by the shoulders and stopped her from fucking him by holding her shoulders still. She looked at me to see what I wanted her to do and I whispered, "Lean back against him," as I pushed her back onto his chest. She sat back with his cock still fully inside her pussy, but the pantyhose were stopping her from opening her legs very wide and relaxing into a nice position. I pushed her knees together and pulled the pantyhose down to her ankles, but made sure they did not come off entirely as she sat back on his cock and her thighs fell open in front of me.

This was a lovely sight, with her wet shaven pussy lips being penetrated by his thick hard shaft and seeing his smoothly shaven balls pressing against her. Angela had a lovely light blonde tufty bush of pubic hair and her thighs were spread wide before my face as I knelt in front of the loveseat. Her boyfriend was not fucking her at the moment, but when he looked out from behind her head I said, "Are you not going to fuck that sweet pussy."

I saw his hands slip under her buttocks and he started to raise her up and down on his shaft as I crawled forward between her thighs. 

It was such a wonderful sight that I had decided not to let it pass without pushing this situation to the extreme and so I leaned forward and kissed her smooth flat stomach as he fucked her. Angela flinched a little when she felt me kiss her and I then opened her blouse and kissed and licked up her stomach and between her breasts, before sucking each nipple into my mouth. After sucking her nipples, I moved up and took hold of her face and we kissed a deep kiss with our tongues swirling inside each others mouths as I felt her being fucked. It was a good feeling knowing she had a cock in her as we kissed and then I looked down again at her cock filled pussy and I knew I was ready. 

Placing my hands on the insides of her thighs, I lowered my face down between them and kissed her soft pubic hair, pressing my lips firmly into her plump pussy then slid my tongue down over her clit. With the very tip of my tongue, I could feel the hard shaft of her boyfriends cock as her fucked her gently and then I began kissing and licking down each side of her pussy. At this point he seemed to start fucking her a little harder or maybe it was her, but the reaction was good and I knew I wouldn't leave her pussy now until he had shot a fresh load of cum into her. 

I licked and sucked around her entire pussy as he fucked her and each minute he was getting closer, but was probably unsure whether to cum or not. Angela had placed both hands on my head and was pressing my mouth harder onto her pussy and slightly down towards his cock. I started sucking down lower onto his wet slippery shaft and it felt good as I was becoming more turned on every second. I had my mouth turned sideways now and was sucking the middle of his shaft as he fucked her and I could feel the shaft becoming harder all the time.

Suddenly to my surprise, his cock slipped out of her pussy and pushed up the left side of her pussy. I pulled my head back and looked at his cock straining in front of me and knew he couldn't last much longer, then glanced up at Angela. She gave me a lovely smile and then turned my head with her hands and pushed my mouth towards the head of his cock. I knew her plan and did not resist as his cock bumped against my lips and slid between them and into my mouth. Closing my mouth around the swollen wet head, I sucked on it and then felt Angela begin to slowly move my head up and down on his shaft.

It felt awesome, but I knew he was close to orgasm and I was not ready for a full load of hot cum in my mouth, but would rather have him fill her pussy with it and I could indulge in it from there. After sucking the head for a minute or so, I lifted my mouth off the shaft and gripped it low down and as Angela raised her hips up, I guided the rigid shaft back inside her. He started to fuck her again and this time I kept my hand on his cock and rubbed the foreskin up and down as her fucked her and I let my mouth go down onto her clit again. 

This was to be the final incentive and I saw him take hold of her thighs and his cock start to smack harder up into her pussy. I removed my hand and slid my mouth down onto his shaft just where he was penetrating her and waited for him to cum. I felt some odd twitching around his cock and a couple of deep thrusts where his smooth balls pressed up against her wet hole, then it happened. With my mouth still on the shaft I could feel the very fast pulsating of his cock as it began pumping a fresh load of hot cum up into Angela's pussy. 

For me this was the ultimate fantasy and I knew that it was there to be enjoyed. After feeling at least ten really powerful spurts from his shaft into her pussy, I began tasting a small amount of cum as I continued sucking around her hole. His cock then began to slide down out of her pussy, but as it did, Angela pushed my head down with it and I gladly followed. I then felt the head slip out of her pussy along with a good load of very warm sperm and I closed my mouth around it. It was much softer than a few moments ago, but very hot and still spilling some cum from the tip.

I sucked hard on the head as I felt Angela's hand reach down around his shaft and pull up and down on his foreskin. This caused a couple more small spurts into my mouth and I sucked up and down the entire length of the shaft as she tugged on his softening cock. The sperm tasted better than I remembered, but I knew there was so much more waiting as I looked down at her open pussy and saw a small amount begin to well up between her lips and spill down onto his cock. Angela pulled his cock from my mouth and gave it a final few strokes with her hand sending thick stringy cum up onto her pussy. The cum was so thick it sat on her pubic hair like thick white glue as his cock became quite limp and flopped onto its side just below her pussy and the sperm began seep out of her. 

I wasted no time in sucking up the cum that was spilling onto his cock and then with my mouth open, I covered her pussy and slid my tongue into her hot wet folds. I got there just as she raised her arms up over her head and arched her back and then felt the thick hot sperm spilling out from deep inside her pussy. I licked and sucked at the delicious cream for a good ten minutes, enjoying every drop until it was all gone from inside her. I then took Angela's hands and she stood briefly on the couch as her boyfriend got out from under her and she looked at me for a clue what was happening next. I turned her over onto her front and keeping her up on her hands and knees, I spread her buttocks from behind and exposed her very wet cum covered ass. Her asshole and between her buttocks was wet with the sticky cum that had spilled down between her thighs and after spreading them wide, I began to lick at the cum. 

Her boyfriend watched in amazement as I cleaned the cum from around her asshole and buttocks, then once sufficiently clean, I pulled her tight pantyhose back up over her buttocks and said, "Okay, I think we should go upstairs and get started now." Angela and her boyfriend said nothing and wasted no time in heading upstairs and as I followed I gazed at Angela's wet ass in her pantyhose and tried to decide what our next move would be. All I knew was that I had to deliver the same treat for her boyfriend and to try and also give Angela an orgasm to remember. 
