 Vanessa woke up with a start. The light coming through the window indicated a new day had arrived. She turned over and saw Raul's naked back, his leg over Alicia's. She had spent the night away from her husband! And she had spent it with two strangers! 'Oh God!' she thought, 'What am I going to tell Robert? Is he going to be freaked out? The night before he had said I could go with Raul and Alicia if I wanted, but surely he wasn't expecting I would spend the night with them. I'm sure he's gonna be mad at me.'

Then the memories of her night with Raul and Alicia began flooding her mind. As they did, her brain pleasure circuits got into gear and she felt a warm glow spreading over her body as the images of the previous night flashed through her brain. Raul stirred and turned on his back, his cock magnificently erect with a morning hard-on. Vanessa felt her juices begging to flow inside her. Raul hadn't cummed in her vagina the night before. Then she thought, 'What the hell! In for a dime, in for a dollar! Besides, who knows if Bob and their friends were still at it with Al and Tina.'

She got on her knees at Raul's side and carefully lowered her head until her mouth was almost touching his cock. She didn't want to wake him; she wanted to suck him for as long as she could without waking him. She lowered her head, her mouth opened wide and Raul's cock went inside, she remained like that for a few seconds, with his cock in her mouth but without touching it with her tongue or lips, just exhaling her warm breath around the head and down the shaft. She closed her lips around the shaft, just below the underside of the head. Slowly and softly touching his shaft; just holding it there without moving.

Out of the corner of her eye she saw Alicia stirring, she lifted her eyes and looked at her and saw her opening her eyes, beginning to stretch her body. Vanessa put her fingers in front of her mouth in the universal gesture of silence. Alice smiled ant nodded and settled down to watch.

As her tongue touched the tip of Raul's cock and then circled the head, he stirred. Vanessa looked up and continued with her gently sucking until she saw Raul's eyes opening. As the sleep cleared from his head, Raul saw Vanessa's head going down on his cock until it disappeared inside her mouth. He grunted as Alicia raked his chest with her fingernails. Vanessa's came up for air and looked at the Mexican couple. Alicia was kissing her husband, a hand between her legs.

Vanessa straddled Raul's legs and lowered her soaking pussy on his cock. She moaned as the hard flesh penetrated her. Alicia was intently looking as her husband's cock went into Vanessa. She began riding him slowly and as Alicia reached out to finger her clit she knew she wouldn't last long. Alicia got on her knees and gave Vanessa a passionate kiss and then she bent down to kiss and suck her nipples. Vanessa began cumming and remained motionless as her orgasm raced through her body. Raul felt her inner muscles contracting around his shaft.

Vanessa started moving again, even before her orgasm had ended. She rode Raul's cock as Alicia sat back to watch. Raul began bucking his hips, meeting Vanessa's thrusts. He reached up to fondle Vanessa's breast with one hand and Alicia's with the other. 'Man! What a way to start the day, he thought. Vanessa was riding him hard now making Raul get closer and closer to cumming. At the final moment he arched his hips up, burying his cock as far as he could and began cumming inside her pussy. Vanessa felt Raul's cockhead throbbing inside her and this triggered her second orgasm of the morning. The powerful orgasm made her body tremble, her belly and breasts were flushed as the waves of pleasure rippled through her. She was moaning and panting loudly. Her body collapsed on top of Raul and he gave her a long passionate kiss.

Afterward, she remained on top of Raul, feeling his cock softening inside her until it slid out of her. Alicia pulled her up and pushing her back on the bed she kissed her face and mouth and then went down her body covering it with small kisses. Alicia got between her legs and saw her husband's semen beginning to spill out of her gaping pussy. Vanessa's inner thighs were glistening with her own juices. Alicia licked them clean and then stuck out her tongue and gathered the cum that had slid out of Vanessa's vagina. She raised her head and Vanessa saw the cum on Alicia's tongue before she swallowed it.

Alicia lowered her head sliding her tongue into Vanessa's vagina. Vanessa's musky odor invaded her nostrils and her tongue tasted her juices mixed with Raul's sperm making Alicia's own juices flow inside her. She lowered her hand to her pussy. Raul, seeing this moved his wife until she was on her side, Alicia raised one of her legs and Raul buried his head in her pussy. A few minutes later both women exploded in almost simultaneous orgasms.

After regaining her breath, Vanessa reluctantly got up from the bed saying, "I have to go now. But I want to tell you that I spent a wonderful night with you guys."

"The pleasure was mine." Raul said.

Alicia got up and kissed Vanessa tenderly, "You were wonderful. Thank you."

They accompanied Vanessa to the terrace to gather her clothes. She hesitated before putting them on and decided to walk back to her room naked. She just loved this new felling of walking around in the nude. Before departing Vanessa kissed Raul and Alicia one more time.

On the way to her room, she passed a young couple who apparently had just checked in since they were fully clothed and following a bellboy who was carrying their luggage. They stood still, surprised at the apparition of this naked woman before their eyes.

Vanessa just said, "Good morning. It looks that's it's going to be a lovely day," and went on walking toward her suite.

* * *

Once inside, she dropped her clothes on the couch and headed for her bedroom. She opened the door quietly and saw her bed was empty. She had expected to find Robert asleep there, but she wasn't surprised that he wasn't. She walked over to the other bedroom and pushed the door open quietly. The three of them were still asleep in a tangle of arms and legs, Pamela between Robert and Edward. Vanessa just stood there, watching them for a while.

Robert must have felt her presence because he stirred and opened his eyes. He raised himself on his elbows and saw that Edward and Pamela were still fast asleep. He got out of bed and Vanessa saw that he had a beautiful morning hard-on. Robert walked up to Vanessa and they went out of the bedroom closing the door behind them.

Once outside, Robert took Vanessa in his arms and simply said, "Good morning darling."

Vanessa was pleasantly surprised, Robert did not seem mad at all that she had spent the night away from him. She felt a wave of love for this man cursing through her body. She kissed him, pressing her body to him, feeling his hard-on pressing her belly. When he kissed his wife, Robert perceived a slight taste of semen and female juices in her mouth and knew that she probably tasted the remains of Pamela and Tina's cum in his mouth.

When they finally broke the kiss, Robert asked her, "How was it?"

"Oh Bob, it was wonderful, Raul and Alicia are such wonderful persons. And you, did you enjoy your night?"

"Yeah, it was kind of wild." Robert said pulling Vanessa toward their bedroom, "but now I just want to make love to my wife."

"Mmhh. I'm sure you do." Vanessa replied getting a hold of his hard dick, "but come, let's do it on the terrace. I just love doing it outdoors."

They went out on the terrace and Vanessa sat on one of the loungers with Robert standing in front of her. She took his cock in her mouth, tasting the mixture of musky flavors of vaginal fluids and semen coating it. She sucked her husband's cock lovingly and when Robert tried to push her back on the lounger she said:

"No, honey, I want you in my mouth."

"Did you just...?" Robert asked.

"Yes, darling, I got royally fucked by Raul and then gloriously eaten by Alicia this morning. So just let me suck you, I want you to cum in my mouth."

Vanessa wrapped her lips around the head of Robert's cock again and sucked him until he flooded her mouth with his cum.

They had called room service to order breakfast and then went to take a shower together. They were back sitting in the terrace when Edward and Pamela appeared; also freshly showered a look of contentment on their faces, so Vanessa was sure they'd also had made love.

The room service waiter appeared with their breakfast and as they sat on the terrace eating their 'machaca con huevo', refried beans and freshly made tortillas they exchanged stories about their experiences the previous night.

Just after they'd finished eating, there was a knock on the door, Pamela got up to answer it and returned to the terrace followed by a bell boy carrying a huge flower arrangement. There were two envelopes with the arrangement, one addressed to Vanessa and one to Robert. They took their respective envelopes and read them slowly.

"Come on, who are they from? What do they say?" Pamela asked eagerly, "Aren't you going to tell us?"

Vanessa read her note aloud first.

'Dear Vanessa:

Thank you again for a wonderful night. You are a wonderful woman and we had a wonderful night with you. Unfortunately I got a call and we have to depart immediately to take care of an urgent matter. Both Alicia and I are saddened since we were looking forward to spending some more wonderful times with you, your husband and your friends.

I sincerely hope we can meet again some time in the near future.

Love

Raul.

PS. Thank you for a wonderful birthday present, you were absolutely marvelous. I also hope we can meet again some time in the future.

Love

Alicia.'

"And I got Raul's business card with his home phone number and their personal e-mails written on the back." Vanessa said a sad expression on her face, "I was really looking forward to you guys meeting them so we could all share each other."

"And what about your card?" Pamela asked looking eagerly at Robert, "What does it say?"

Robert read his card aloud.

'Dear Robert:

We just want to say we are sorry we didn't have the opportunity of getting to know you and your friends. We want to tell you that you are a very lucky man. You have a wonderful wife who loves you very much. We thank you for accepting for her to share a night of pleasure with us.

I hope you accept a dinner invitation from us. We would have loved to spend that time together but this is the best thing we could think of instead. The four of you can have a dinner at the hotel restaurant anytime you wish during your stay at our expense. 

Enjoy!

Raul and Alicia'

"And I also got his business card." Robert said.

* * *

They spent the following days, lying in the sun, sightseeing and shopping in town and having sex. They got together every day with Al and Tina and Vanessa got a taste of Al's thick cock, she loved the way it filled her pussy and mouth. Al had told both Vanessa and Pam he'd like to fuck them up their ass but both girls had refused. However, they'd watched in amazement as Al fucked Tina in the ass a couple of times. She had screamed when he penetrated her, even though he had used lots of lubricating fluid both on his cock and in Tina's anus. They could tell she was in pain as she whimpered continuously and her body was coated with thick sweat drops. But she never pulled back or asked him to stop, quite the opposite; she would grind her ass against him, trying to get him deeper inside her anal passage. Even though they never asked her openly about it, she seemed to enjoy pain. She was always asking whoever was fucking her or sucking her cunt to bite or twist her nipples harder.

* * *

They woke up late on their last day at the resort. Al and Tina were departing that morning and the previous nigh they had spent it fucking and sucking each other in all possible combinations until everybody had cummed countless times and they were all exhausted.

They had ordered breakfast from room service and were nude at the terrace enjoying their pineapple and papaya juice, spicy chilaquiles and coffee. They decided to spend the morning at the beach so after they finished their last cup of coffee, they headed down the path, all of them nude as was now their custom. The young man in charge of the beach bar and towels greeted them amicably. They settled down under a palapa, their bodies had already acquired a deep tan so they spent much of the morning under the shade watching the other people on the beach and taking occasional dips into the sea to cool off. There were more people on the beach that day, most of them new arrivals for the weekend. Most of the people were nude except for two couples who had on their bathing suits even though the women were topless. There was also a young couple who kept their swimming suits on all the time, they young man wore a long Bermuda like shorts and the young woman had on a bodysuit. They spent about an hour gawking at all the nude bodies on the beach and then headed back up the path that led to the suites and pool.

They decided to eat lunch at the bar next to the pool since they didn't want to get all dressed to go into the restaurant. On the way back they stopped at their room since they had not taken any clothes down to the beach and the men got into their brief swimming suits, Pamela and Vanessa just wrapped a pareo around their waists leaving their breasts exposed. They headed for the bar and ordered their usual Corona beers and four tortas de pierna.

"Wow, this was really a nice week. I don't think I've ever had so many orgasms in one week." Pamela said.

"Yes, and I think that goes for all of us." Robert added.

Edward just nodded his head, his mouth full with the last bite of his torta.

Vanessa did not reply she seemed lost in her thoughts.

Robert took her hand and said "What is it honey?"

"I don't know," Vanessa replied coming out of her reverie. Taking a sip of her beer, she added, "I mean, sure, the sex was great. I mean, I came like crazy fucking you two and Al, and also those times I did it with Tina and with you Pam."

"So, was that bad?" Pamela asked.

"No, no. I don't mean that, it's just that I don't know how to put it." Vanessa said searching for the right words.

"And how about your night with Raul and Alicia, you didn't mention them." Robert said.

"That's just it!" Vanessa went on looking at Edward and Pamela, "I mean, when we started having sex with you guys it was great, it changed my life. Hell, it changed all our lives. I truly felt liberated from a lot of baggage I had carried with me all my life. You know, all these concepts I had about fidelity and sin and all that stuff. I really got rid of all of them during this past year. And I learned that I could have sex with another man... and another woman too, and I could actually do it in front of my husband. And I actually could watch my husband having sex, all sorts of sex, with another woman, giving her pleasure, and being pleasured by her and not fell jealous at all."

"After the first time I did it with you Ed," Vanessa went on after draining her beer, Robert signaled the waiter for another round, "After that first time, and after Bob and I made love, I remember Bob saying that at that moment he knew what the difference was between having sex and making love. And at that time I had to agree with him, because it was different, I mean... I don't know just how to put it but it was different. And these past few days, I mean with Al and Tina it was different again... I don't know exactly how, but it was not the same with Al as it is with you Ed, and that's not the same with Bob."

"I think I know what you mean." Edward said.

"Me too," Pamela was quick to add.

"And me too, actually I've been thinking along those lines these past few days too." Robert said. "And I think I can explain it this way. When I make it with Vanessa, that's making love, well at least most of the times, because there are other times when we just have sex. I mean, at least for me, sometimes it's different, I mean with Vanessa, sometimes I just have the need, the urge, to have sex, to find a release, and I think on those occasions it's the same for Vanessa. I couldn't say if we both started making out feeling that way, or maybe Vanessa felt my mood and went along with it, or the other way around, maybe I got in sync with Vanessa's mood and I went along with her. And then we just fucked. And on those occasions I wasn't really thinking about pleasuring Vanessa, I was just thinking about my own needs, my own lust, I just wanted to find my release and, really, those times, at those moments I couldn't care less if Vanessa came or not."

"Yes, I think you're right honey," Vanessa intervened, "I've also felt just like that on many occasions, and to tell you the truth, those times after I came, if you had not reached your climax, I just let you go on pounding on me until you did."

"I can say that the same has happened to me," Edward said, taking Pamela's hand in his, "and I've felt that sometimes you have also felt the way Vanessa just described, haven't you hon?

Pamela nodded and Edward went on, "I think that there is a difference, I mean it's a different feeling when you are making love than when you're just having sex. I mean, the sensations might be the same, but the feelings are different."

"Yeah, you know, you guys are absolutely right," it was Pamela's turn, "I don't think I ever thought about it, not really you know, well maybe sometimes, but not really. I mean, I've felt it too, you know the difference, but I just never gave it much thought. And I also felt that doing it with Al and Tina was different than doing it with you guys."

"And I think the difference between plain sex and making love is exactly that," Robert continued sharing his thoughts. "When it's just about sex, all you are thinking off is yourself, you don't really care who the other person is. And I think that's just what many husbands think when they cheat on their wives and say it didn't mean anything, especially if it was a one night stand. And making love is when you have the other person's needs in you mind, when all you want to do is to please that person, to give her as much pleasure as you can. And of course, in doing so, you'll eventually get your reward and find your own pleasure. And I mean you'll get your physical pleasure, you'll get your release. But you will also get another kind of pleasure, a much more satisfying pleasure. An emotional pleasure. And so I think that's the difference, sex is selfish, making love is giving."

"Yes!" Vanessa exclaimed, "That's what I was trying to say. I mean I've felt it, I feel it, but I couldn't put into words. And that's just what I think happened with you guys. Since we've been friends for so long, there is a bond between us, a felling not as strong as I have for Bob, I love Bob. But I definitely have feelings for you guys, I don't know if I can call that love or not. Definitely there is a great deal of affection. And that's why it is different with you that it was with Al and Tina. With you guys I'm making love, with Al and Tina it was just sex."

"And I couldn't agree more with you." Pamela said, "I've definitely have made love with you guys many times. Although I also had sex with you some times, just as I do with Ed."

"Yeah!" Edward said, "And all I can add to that is that I had great sex with Tina this week."

Everybody laughed and then Vanessa went on:

"And about Raul and Alicia, it wasn't just sex. Oh I know I just met them and I don't really know them, but there was something in them, some tenderness, like they weren't thinking about themselves, that they were really more interested in the pleasure of the other one, and mine. And I fell right into their mood, I wanted to please them both and I didn't really care about myself. Not that I did not get my own pleasure out of it, I did, I had plenty of orgasms. But anyway, I didn't have sex with them, I made love with them."
