 This is the continuation of the series "A Couple's Voyage into Sexuality". The main characters Robert, Vanessa, Edward and Pamela were introduced in the first story and this is the continuation of the voyage of these four people to discover new aspects of their sexuality and of themselves. New characters are introduced in this series and some of them will be developed in another story. I want to thank all comments received in the first story; they've been very helpful to me. I do encourage you to vote and to send your comments, both positive and negative are very encouraging and they help me to improve. 

*

The following night John and Kathy talked over breakfast about their experience the previous night. They agreed it had been very satisfactory for both of them and even though they had some guilty feelings they reassured themselves that it had been all right and they were both glad the other one had enjoyed the experience. 

Later in the morning Pamela had dropped by and she got Kathy talking about the way she felt over coffee. When Pamela left Kathy was feeling much more at ease with the situation, Pamela had not pushed her about repeating the encounter but Kathy was already feeling they would get together soon.

That night Kathy and John watched the video Pamela had given him. They got really excited watching it and in the middle of it Kathy got on top of John in a reverse cow girl position and rode his cock while they went on watching the video. When the scenes showing Pamela and Vanessa making love to each other appeared on the screen Kathy felt another rush of pleasure building inside her even though she had just had an orgasm. The scene obviously excited John too, since before it was finished he came inside his wife and Kathy had another orgasm.

Later in the week Kathy called Pamela and asked her if they would like together with them over the weekend. Pamela said they would love to but they had plans to go over to Robert and Vanessa's place Saturday night.

"Hey Kath," Pamela said, "Why don't you come over with us. Sooner or later I want you guys to meet Bob and Van and I think it would be great if you joined us."

"But, you mean we would have to... you know?" Kathy asked uncertainly, "You know, do it with them?"

"Only if you want to," Pamela said, "They are great people and I've already talked to Van about you and they would love to meet you. But if you don't feel comfortable the four of us, you know, you and John, Ed and me, can have our fun."

"But weren't you planning to be with them?" Kathy answered feeling more at ease, "I'm sure you and them had your plans already."

"No problem," Pamela said, "Bob and Van will understand. I don't mean to push you guys into anything you don't want but if you and John want to have sex with them, or either John and Van and you and Ed, or whatever, it's all right. I mean you don't have to even do it with us, we can have a fuck-your-spouse session in front of each other, or we can spend some time with them and later come back here. Really, anything you want."

Kathy said she would talk it over with John and would call Pamela the following day. After she hung up she went into her bedroom and put the video on. She watched the part where Robert was fucking Pamela and had to admit she was getting excited by the idea of fucking Robert. She took off her shorts and began masturbating as she went on watching the video. She skipped over the part of Edward fucking Vanessa and fast-forwarded to where Pamela and Vanessa were in a sixty nine. She wondered what it would feel like to make it with another woman and as she fantasized she had a powerful orgasm.

The following day she called Pamela again and after exchanging greetings, she said, "I told John about your invitation last night."

"So, what did he say?" Pamela asked expectantly, "What did you guys decide?"

"Well, we decided we would like to meet them," Kathy answered, "We're not sure about having sex with them, why they might not even want to do it with us, but we definitely would like to meet them. Oh, by the way, we've watched the video you gave to John and we think they are very attractive, so who knows?"

"Well," Pamela said happily, "I'm glad you decided to meet them, I'm sure the four of you will get along fine, and remember, don't feel pressured to do anything you don't want."

"Yes, I understand that." Kathy said, "We'll just see how things go."

"And I'm glad you liked the video," Pamela told her, "If you want you can drop by and I'll give you some more that we have."

"Would you really?" Kathy answered, "I would really like that... And I'm sure John will too."

Later when Kathy dropped by to get the videos she asked Pamela, "What should I wear on Saturday?"

"Oh, anything," Pamela answered, "anything informal but sexy." And with a wink she added. "We might not be wearing our clothes for long anyway."

* * *

Saturday morning they met outside Edward and Pamela's house, they had decided not to take both cars. When he saw Kathy, Edward said, "Wow, Kathy, you look great."

Kathy was wearing a short denim skirt and hear peasant blouse, she wasn't wearing a bra and her tits bounced provocatively as she walked. Pamela was wearing one of her semi-transparent short dresses through which a tiny thong could be seen, she was also braless and her areolas and nipples were clearly visible. John also commented on her looks and Pamela went over to him and gave him a kiss, not a long passionate kiss since she didn't want to shock any of her other neighbors. Edward and Kathy exchanged similar kisses and they got on the car.

They were greeted at the door by Vanessa who was wearing a pair of cutoffs and a see through blouse. Edward made the introductions and after kissing Edward and Pamela, Vanessa turned to Kathy and said, "Well, well, Pam told me you were beautiful but she felt short, you're gorgeous Kathy."

Then she kissed Kathy on the lips. Kathy blushed at the compliment and felt a slight tremor racing through her body when Vanessa's lips touched hers which ran down to her pussy.

Vanessa went over to John and kissed him too. "And she also told me about you." She said looking at him straight in the eye.

"Well come on in, we're at the backyard," Vanessa said leading John and Kathy by the hand.

Robert was sitting at the table on the deck talking animatedly with Karen. He got up to greet the newcomers and he kissed Kathy on the lips as if they had known each other for ages. Karen got up too and kissed both John and Kathy. They immediately felt at ease by the easygoing manner of these people. They all sat around the table and after Robert had given them a glass of margaritas he continued his conversation with Karen. They were talking about an article in the news regarding pederasty in the Catholic Church and how the founding member of one of its most powerful organizations had led a double life. Soon everyone joined the conversation and before they knew it the margaritas pitcher was empty.

Robert got up and went inside to fix another batch of margaritas, when he came back out he was also carrying his camera. He poured everyone another glass of margaritas and then said to no one in particular, "Hope you don't mind but I had planned to take a set of photos of Karen."

Karen and Robert went to the back of the yard, where under the shade of the tree, Robert had set up a chair. Kathy and John watched with interest as Robert directed Karen in a series of poses, first with all her clothes on, they she took of her blouse and did a few more poses topless and raising her skirt to show her freshly shaved pussy. Then he made a series of full nudes.

John's cock was already hard, a bulge clearly visible under his pants. He had been stealing glances at Vanessa's breasts under her blouse and of course also at Pamela's tits, and now seeing Karen totally naked he was thoroughly aroused. 'Wow!' He thought, 'Karen is surely in her fifties buy she has a great body. And so does Van, she's younger but she also has a great body. I wonder if she also shaves, like Pam and her sister.'  He wasn't too far off the mark; Karen would turn fifty in a month while Vanessa was forty-five. Pamela was forty and while he guessed Robert and Edward to be a couple of years older that their wives. Even though they were all older than he and Kathy, she was thirty-tree and he was thirty-five, he felt completely at ease with them and found the three women totally attractive.

Kathy's thoughts were pretty much in the same direction, but she was also amazed at how Vanessa was completely at ease with her husband photographing her sister in the nude. She wondered if Karen participated in their sexual activities and her thoughts were confirmed when after the shooting the last photos of Karen laying down on the grass, Robert helped her up and she went into his arms and they exchanged a lingering kiss.

Karen and Robert came back to the table; they took a sip of their drink and Karen sat down next to John without bothering to put on her clothes. She didn't fail to notice the bulge in John's pants and wondered if she would get to fuck him later. Pamela, who was sitting on the other side of John, stood up and as if it was the most natural thing in the world, pulled her dress over her head and sat back down.

"Kathy, would you pose for me?" Robert asked.

Kathy hesitated looking at John; he gave her a slight node of agreement, 

"I sure would like to have good set of pictures of you," John said, "I'm a terrible photographer, I usually cut off the heads in the pictures I take or they come out all blurry. Besides Bob, I saw some of the photos of Pam you took and they are great."

"Well, OK, then." Kathy said.

"Fine, just let me take a few shots of Van in her new blouse," Robert said, "before she decides to take her clothes off."

"Speaking of which," Pamela said, "Do you guys plan to remain dressed and ogle us girls all day long."

"I could do that," Edward commented, "You know, just admire all you beautiful ladies all day long." But he stood up and took of his clothes.

John hesitated; he wasn't sure about taking off his clothes in his aroused state. Robert was already stripping and when John noticed that both Robert and Edward's cocks were semi-hard he got up and shed his clothes. When he pulled down his shorts and his cock sprang free, he could feel the gaze of all the women on his manhood.

"Come on hon," Robert said and Vanessa followed him to stand under the tree.

He took several photos of her in different poses in her new see-through blouse, then a few more of her topless. Vanessa pulled the zipper of her cutoffs down and opened them just showing her pubic hair in a teasing manner. Finally she stepped out of her cutoffs and Robert took a few more shots before Vanessa said that was enough and went back to the table.

Robert asked Kathy to come over and he had her sit on the chair for the first photos. Kathy was very self conscious and stiff at first, but Robert just led her on, asking her to turn this way and that, to cross her legs or to turn her head slightly. He hadn't asked to remove any of her clothes yet and Kathy began to relax and getting into the mood of the moment. Without being asked she lowered her blouse exposing one of her breasts. Robert moved around her to catch her in different angles. Kathy's skirt had slid up her legs and when Robert knelt in front of her to take another shot she knew he could see under her skirt at her pussy. She hadn't worn any panties. Robert asked Kathy to take off her blouse and cup her breasts as he continued shooting her from his kneeling position. Kathy parted her legs slightly and she not only cupped her breasts but began caressing her nipples.

When Robert stood up, Kathy saw that his cock was fully erect. This made her juices start flowing in her pussy. Robert asked her to remove her skirt and lay down on the grass. He took a few photos and then went close to her to push her hair behind her shoulders. His fingers only brushed her shoulder briefly but Kathy felt something like an electric shock on her skin at the place where his fingers had touched her. It was at that moment that she decided she would fuck Robert.

Robert took a few more photos and then he helped Kathy to get on her feet. Kathy mimicked Karen's previous action and placed her arms around Robert's neck and kissed him. Feeling his tongue sliding into her mouth and his cock pressing against her belly made Kathy mad with desire. She went down on her knees and wrapped her lips around Robert's cockhead.

John watched his wife with surprise. She had said she wasn't sure if she would go all the way with Robert this first time, she had admitted she liked him from watching the videos but she didn't want to rush it. 'Well, I think she made her mind up.' John thought. He was surprised that he wasn't felling jealous as he watched his wife sucking a strange cock, he was quite aroused and a drop of pre-cum appeared at the tip of his cock. Unconsciously his hand went down to his cock and he began stroking it, his eyes glued on his wife. Pamela had gone inside the house to pee so Vanessa moved to the chair next to John, and she reached out to gather the drop of pre-cum with the tip of her finger. John's head jerked around in surprise.

"Need some help with that?" Vanessa asked, and licked her finger. She wrapped her hand around John's cock.

'Oh my God!' she thought, 'Pam was right. He sure is big.' Her hand was above his hand which was at the base of his cock, and part of the shaft and the bulbous head were clear above them.

John nodded numbly and turned to see his wife again. Robert was now moving his hips, holding Kathy's head between his hands he was fucking her mouth. Vanessa knelt in front of him and took his cockhead in her mouth going down until she reached her hand. She suctioned the head and John groaned in pleasure. Vanessa had her mouth full, she had to open it wide to take the head in and as she continued lowering her head until the tip hit her throat she wondered how Pamela had been able to deep throat him, but she was going to do her best.

Karen looked at the two women with their mouths full of cock and turning to Edward she said, "It seems that it's lunch time. Got something for me?" And she knelt on the floor to suck Edward's cock.

Pamela came back to find the other three women busily sucking cocks. She stood there for a couple of minutes undecided where to go. She wanted to slide underneath Kathy's legs and eat her pussy. But she also wanted some more of John's cock; she saw that Vanessa already had more than half of it down her throat. She decided to postpone going down on Kathy, besides she wasn't sure if Kathy was going to freak out so she decided to leave her alone for the time being, besides, she looked quite happy with Robert fucking her mouth.

On her way to John, Pamela stopped to kiss her husband. Then she knelt besides Vanessa and bent forward to lick the bottom part of John's cock. John groaned loudly, this was the first time in his life that two mouths were on his cock at the same time. Vanessa trying to swallow his whole shaft; she already had more that half down her throat, and Pamela licking the bottom part and sucking his balls. When Vanessa pulled her head back gasping for air, Pamela licked her way up to the top but instead of sucking his cock head, she kissed Vanessa. This was also the first time that John had seen two women kissing, except for the scenes in the videos Pamela had given them and in other porno flicks. He felt his cock jerking in excitement and wished that Kathy would have a lesbian encounter with any of these women. He didn't have much time to brood over the issue since Pamela took his cock in her mouth, taking it in as far as she could, then she pulled back and her mouth was immediately replaced by Vanessa's.

Pamela and Vanessa kept alternating taking as much of John's cock down her throats as they could. Vanessa was the first one to reach her objective and on her next try Pamela got it all down her throat too. John knew he would not last long, the last time Pamela had deep throated him he had been so aroused he came on her third try, and now he has two women taking all of his cock in, one after the other. He wasn't wrong, and when Vanessa was sliding the shaft out of her throat he exploded. Vanessa wrapped her lips just underneath the mushroom head as gush after gush of cum flooded her mouth. Pamela was helping by pumping her hand up and down the shaft. Vanessa swallowed as fast as she could but she wasn't fast enough. She pulled back and Pamela immediately opened her mouth to take the following gush. She also swallowed as much as she could but the semen just kept gushing out of John's prick, so Pamela motioned Vanessa to replace her. Vanessa got another mouthful of semen and she was about to swallow it when she saw Pamela swirling the thick cream in her mouth so she did the same. When Vanessa and Pamela were sure there wasn't any more goo left in John's prick they kissed again, their mouths open their tongues going in and out of the other's mouth transferring John's cum from one to the other. Still, some of it dribbled down their chins to their tits.

Kathy had watched the two women sucking her husband's cock at the same time while Robert kept fucking her mouth. She was fondling his balls when she felt them tightening and knew Robert was about to cum. She looked up into his eyes and saw a questioning look in them. For an answer, she put her hands on his ass and pulled him towards her as he exploded in her mouth.

Karen, hearing all the grunting going around her, redoubled her efforts, sucking Edward's cock. She was flicking her tongue at the sensitive spot just under the crown while suctioning his cockhead. Edward had watched in amazement the prodigious amounts of cum that John shot into Pamela and Vanessa's mouth. He raised his hips burying his cock all the way down Karen's throat and he began cumming.

When Kathy finished drinking all of Robert's cum, he pushed her on her back in the grass and began sucking her nipples and fingering her cunt. John was still hard so Vanessa got up and with her back to him, she guided the tip of his cock to her vagina and lowered her body slowly, feeling her soaking cunt as it was stretched by his thick shaft as it went in. Karen was also lying on the grass and Edward has happily eating her, so Pamela went over to her and straddling her head, she lowered her cunt and Karen began sucking her.

Soon the whole yard was filled with the moans of the four women as their orgasms approached. Kathy and Karen came first, their orgasms triggered by the expert manipulations of Robert and Edward's tongues. Almost on cue, Edward and Robert mounted their respective partners and began fucking them hard. Vanessa and Pamela came soon after almost simultaneously.

Vanessa kept riding John's cock after she came. She was lost in a multiorgasmic mode and she kept cumming and cumming riding John's large cock until he shot another huge load of cum inside her.

Robert and Edward took a longer time cumming, and they kept fucking Kathy and Karen with a steady rhythm that made them cum several times before they finally exploded inside them.

After Vanessa got off his cock, John and her had sat down cross-legged on the grass to watch their spouses fucking each other. Kathy was moaning and writhing under Robert, clasping and unclasping her legs around his back every time she came as Robert sucked her nipples and pounded his cock into her pussy. 

As he watched Kathy lost in her cloud of pleasure produced by the husband of the woman sitting next to him and who had just fucked him, John felt a wave of love for his wife filling his whole self, and he thought that he had never seen a more beautiful sight in his life.
