 Angela and I had been an item on and off, when we were between partners since we were both 16 in Melbourne 7 years ago. Traveling around Europe is almost a rite of passage for Aussies we are probably more daring and open when we are overseas as we have a great sense of adventure. What took me by surprise with Ange was not so much the fact that she had tracked me down to the pub that I was working in during my time in London as I toured Europe, but what happened that evening when we caught up for drinks. Pubs in London are a great boiling pot of world travelers, I was working with several Irish barmen and one Spanish and one Irish waitress {Ciara who I was currently seeing}

I was about to finish work for the evening when Ange walked in to the bar, the other bartender, Frank, took one look at her and said to me "have a fookin look at that will ya!" Angela has Italian parents and displays all the Mediterranean attributes, olive skin, brown eyes, flashing smile and a very nice body; tall {5'10"}, thin with a GREAT ass and small but firm and pert breasts.

"Sorry to break your heart mate" I said "but she is with me"

He realized seconds later I was telling the truth when she caught sight of me at the bar, flashed her dazzling smile and said loud enough for those at the bar to hear "I've traveled half way round the world to have you Mick, you better not keep me waiting."

We both just laughed and I told her I would be ready in about 5 minutes: If she could hold on that long. What I hadn't told her was that I was currently with Ciara. Fortunately it was her night off so I didn't expect to see her as she was out on the town with a few friends and she could be he rowdy type. Ange and I decided on a few drinks at a nearby wine bar 

Reminiscing and catching up on each other's European travels and several glasses of wine and a few cocktails had our heads spinning a bit, when the talk got beyond simple flirting 

Ange saying "sitting her looking at you across the table reminds me when we were last together, you were wearing the same shirt!" I hadn't noticed " that was one of the best nights I have ever had, can you remember how many times we did it, we were like animals, at the beach, in your car then back at your place three times or was it four….ooohhhh god, then the next morning once before breakfast and twice after…. I could hardly walk all week…. Do you want to try for our record?"

I could see through Ange's tight white t-shirt {she didn't were a bra, she didn't need to, her breasts were perfectly firm}, that her nipples were already rock hard, as was my cock. My mouth was dry and I was breathing rather heavily already in anticipation,

I said "that's sounds like a lovely idea" as the words came out of my mouth I remembered Ciara "but there is something I need to tell you"

"What is it?"

"I am seeing someone at the moment"

There was an awkward silence, I could actually hear myself shooting myself in the foot

"O.K." she slowly drawled "does she mean anything to you or is she just a traveling fling to fill in time?

"Its nothing serious" I said "I just wanted you to know"

"I'm glad you told me, …… now are we going to break our record tonight or what!?!

We kissed as we left the wine bar and walked to her rental car, "You better drive" she said 

"Huh" from me

"It will make it a lot easier for me to suck you while you drive than me trying to do that AND drive!"

"O.K. then" I laughed 

No sooner had we got in the car than Ange's hands were on the bulge in my pants 6 and half inches long but 6 inches round, not long but thick, releasing it and engulfing me with her beautiful warm mouth, slowly moving up and down the full length while gently caressing my balls, circling my head with her tongue, oh how good it felt!! The one thing about Ange she loved giving, as much if not more than receiving head, she was very proud of her ability. Ange could feel me tensing so she stopped sucking my prick and took one of my balls into her mouth gently rolling it around while maintaining a light grip on my prick, slowly she increased the tempo of her hand running the length of my manhood, I was straining to hold back for dear life, I didn't want this feeling to end. Ange could sense that I was at the point of no return so she decided to lick as hard as she could the sensitive underside of my cock quickly up and down up and down till I erupted, shooting three long ropes of cum one landing on her shoulder the other two on the steering wheel and myself. I don't know how we didn't crash, as I couldn't remember if I ever had my eyes on the road. They were either glued to Ange and myself as she went about her delightful way or closed in ecstasy!! Any way we made it back to my house that I was sharing with two of the other guys from work.

We grabbed a bottle of bubbly from the fridge and went straight to my room to continue were we had left off, I now 'owed' Ange one.

As soon as the door had shut I was tearing off Ange's clothes as quickly as I could, her tight fitting t-shirt hit the floor in nothing flat as our mouths embraced each other greedily, my hands roamed over her flesh, teasing her nipples then going to work on her army style khaki walk shorts that showed off her long tan legs so well, as they dropped to the floor they revealed a little white g string that stood out against her olive skin they could barely conceal what lay behind them. Now on my knees I couldn't wait, I dragged that g-string down her legs roughly as I filled my senses with Ange's delectable musky scent, my nose an inch from her pussy, Ange wrapped her hands around my head as I lapped at her wet pussy, hungrily at first then more gently playing with her clit and moving my hand between her legs to feel how moist she was. Gentle groans filled the air as I parted her lips with my fingers and inserted two fingers at first, slowly pushing, probing and rotating as all the while my tongue played with her clit her groans keeping time to the rhythm of my hand .It was then that Ciara burst into my room. Ange squealed and jumped for the cover of the bed Ciara stood with her mouth ajar. At first not knowing what to say then " I thought I would surprise you,. …but it looks like I am the one in for the surprise"

"Ciara I'm sorry." I said but it didn't sound right

"Listen we haven't made anything permanent or a commitment or anything like that to each other yet and Ange is an old friend of mine and your were out on the town with your friends I thought you would be up to no good.

"Oohhh just shut up will you" said Ciara "your rambling"

"To tell you the truth, I was thinking of getting up to no good but decided to come back here to you instead and I can see you are up to no good with,…what's your name?

Ange. My name is Angela …Ange

Then Ange blew me away" don't mind me, if you came over here to get down and dirty you should go for it, but, if you don't mind, can I stay and watch?"

I looked at Ange completely gob smacked. In all the time I had known her she had been quite conservative in her attitudes towards most things 'experimental'

Ciara who was drunk said "Well I don't care, its up to you" looking at me. I wasn't about to blow this one, I grabbed Ciara and gave her the hardest kiss I could, she replied in kind and gave my cock a good hard squeeze, it was already standing at attention. I started undressing Ciara, she was shorter than Ange and had long fiery red hair, large breasts, 40 dd and broad hips, nor was she as pretty as Ange, but Ciara had a devilish twinkle in her piercing blue eyes and cheeky playful smile which consisted of two of the most kissable red pouting lips ever put on this earth. She was always prepared to try something new. Taking her blouse off revealed her large tits their soft pale skin straining at her blue satin bra to get out, it was then Ange said "oooow wow!!" We both paused to look at her 

"You like my tits?"

"They are huge" 

Ciara stepped between Angela and myself facing the bed where Ange now lay. "Now what do you think?" as Ciara reached behind herself and un-hooked her overworked bra

"My God they ARE huge!!" gushed Ange a little drunk and somewhat jealous

I put my hands around and cupped them as Ciara pushed her backside against my stiffness rubbing against me as I kissed her neck. I reached down and undid Ciara's skirt and let it fall to the floor, one hand on Ciara's massive chest the other feeling its way into the front of her satin panties. As I pulled her panties down I kissed my way down her back sending shivers down her spine she cooed in appreciation, Ciara then said in a playfully petulant voice "this isn't fair I am here all on show and you are all tucked up in bed"

Ange said "Sorry I thought I would try and let you two enjoy yourselves I shouldn't have said anything about you or your body"

"Too late for sorry now" Ciara said as she pulled the covers away from Ange, she stood gaping at Ange as I was still playing with her pussy from behind, "Now I see why he wanted to fuck you, you are beautiful"

I could feel a rush of moisture between Ciara's legs

"Thank you" murmured Ange slightly embarrassed

Ciara moved towards the bed "Can I fell you breasts they look so firm?"

Somewhat hesitantly Ange agreed, after meeting my glance my eyes, which were almost crossed, pleading and hoping for a yes "O.K." she whispered nervously.

Ciara moved onto the bed and kneeled beside Ange. As she lay on the bed exposed and vulnerable Ciara's hand went to Ange's right breast tracing the outline first of all then cupping the whole breast and squeezing gently

Ange who has always had very sensitive breasts let out a slight almost embarrassed moan

"You like that do you?" Ciara questioned as she now rolled Ange's nipple between her fingers. Ange shifted on the bed and gently arched her back forcing her breast more firmly into Ciara's grasp

I stood along side the bed mesmerized by what I was seeing

Slowly I moved closer to Ciara and knelt on the floor and gently started eating her from behind, my hand resting on Ange's mound, her neatly trimmed pussy rising to meet my hand.

Ciara had by now placed Ange's hand on her huge tits and this sent Ange wild she was writhing under my hand when Ciara moved her hand to Ange's mound I stopped what I was doing to appreciate the scene. Ciara lent forward and kissed Ange on the mouth her tongue darting toward Ange's mouth, Angela opened her mouth rolled her eyes back and groaned loudly as she sucked Ciara's tongue into her mouth. Ciara's hand was busy on Ange's pussy running over her clit with brush-like strokes and as she inserted her fingers Ange sat half upright and gasped, Ciara masturbated her furiously now. Ange flung her arms around Ciara as she began to come kissing her and kneading her breasts, Ciara abruptly stopped leaving Ange hanging on the edge " I think our man needs some attention here don't you?" with that Ciara dragged me onto the bed and started wanking me in the direction of Ange's face, Ange took the hint and was soon doing what she does best, but Ciara had moved down the bed and had taken Ange a bit by surprise when she pulled Ange's legs apart, as she kissed her way up Ange's legs, Angela said "no, no I don't want thaaaa oooohhhhhhh" as Ciara's hot tongue hit her already drenched pussy Ange gave up all pretence of protesting and muffled moans and groans between gasps for air emanated from her mouth as she attacked my cock with a vigor that I had previously not seen, she almost seemed possessed. Ange had always given great head but never at this fevered pace, then she gave herself into one of the longest orgasms I have seen from any woman she took my cock from her mouth as she tensed then screamed as walls of pleasure flooded over here for what seemed to be 4-5 minutes. All this time Ciara did not miss a beat lapping at Ange's swollen clit and fingering her to a mind-blowing orgasm. Ciara shot one of her cheeky grins at me as she finally lifted her head from between Ange's long legs. She crawled to me as if I was an animal being hunted by its prey, pushing me on my back she straddled me and inserted me in her juicy twat in one move, grinding her mound into me on every down stroke. We were going like this for a couple of minutes when Ange recomposed herself and got too her knees and kissed Ciara long, slow and hard then looked into her eyes as she cradled her in her hands and said "thank you" They held each others gaze until I started to increase the pace and started top make some of my own noise

"ooh Ciara Ohh ….oohhh this is so good ….ride me baby"

Ange then took control pushing Ciara off me and dragging me up by the arm, she lay back down and as she did she pulled Ciara into a 69 position with Ciara on top and then said ,it sounded more like a demand, "now fuck her, fuck her as hard as you can" 

Hearing Ange talk like that really had me fired up, as if the whole scenario didn't. I obliged as Ciara knelt forward I could see Ange's face leaning up to reach Ciara's pussy. I inserted my cock and started to pump for all I was worth, standing on the floor at the end of the bed driving as hard and as deep as I could at Ciara's hot hole as Ange licked at Ciara's exposed clit and my shaft as it entered Ciara.

I was getting a great side-on view of things from the dresser mirror feeling just about as happy and proud as a guy can get when Ciara starting yelling "fuck me fuck me fuck me over and over again between slurping at Ange's pussy.

I lost all control as I held Ciara's hips and shot deeply into her pussy, which seemed to send her over the edge. Ange was still licking away at Ciara and seemed to get caught up in all the action as I pulled out getting a mouthful of cum and pussy juice, and Ciara, I think, biting on her clit sent her into raptures again. We fell together in a heap on the bed exhausted and satisfied.

After a minute or two Ciara went to get some more champagne as the bottle that we had had gotten warm. Ange looked at me from where she lay with her head on my chest, " You know that was the first time that I have ever touched another girl?"

"I thought as much" I replied.

Then she was quite for a second or two 

"It's been a secret fantasy of mine for a while"

I was genuinely shocked

"You know Bernadette, the girl I am traveling with?"

"Yes"

"She has been telling me all along that I would love it if I ever got the courage to do it. Thanks."

"Is she into threesomes?"

" Well she says she is"

"We'll have to test her out and invite her out for a drink"

Ange giggled

"Exactly who is it you are inviting out?" Ciara quizzed as she re-entered the room

" An old girlfriend of mine that I am traveling with"

"Well if she is half as pretty and sexy as you then I am in, ….as long as it is all-right with you two?"

"I think you'll love her" laughed Ange

We all looked at each other and smiled 

"Well let's make it tomorrow night then, we'll see if she is bluffing or not won't we? I said

We all smiled happily as we fell asleep in each other's arms. Pleasant thoughts of the morning and what lay ahead tomorrow night filled our heads. Well at least my head and tomorrow, well that's another story.