 It's been over a month now since my wife took on the dominatrix role in our relationship. Since then I have eaten my own cum, took a strap-on dildo up my ass, shaved my body, and dressed like a sissy cum loving slut. I love getting fucked in the ass so much that I actually cheated on my wife just so that I could feel a real cock deep inside my boy pussy, a secret I have kept from her. As if my life hasn't changed enough, now I find out she has offered our spare room in our apartment to her friend's boyfriend.

I heard a door open. I was trying to wake up, and clear my head from the popper high, but I could not focus on the time. Carol surprised me by coming back to the motel early. I was excited and disappointed at the same time. I so wanted Brian to put his big cock in my pussy and fuck me good and hard, but then again, Carol's tits being dragged up my back as she crawled up the bed felt nice as well. 

I was feeling a bit guilty for cheating on Carol, should I tell her that I fucked someone else and it was a man, or just let it go for now? I opted for letting it go for now. Carol lay on my back and kissed the back of my neck, then I felt her breath by my ear, "You look so good laying here clean and naked, with your ass all exposed and ready for some fucking. Wake up sleepy head; I need a cock in me now." 

I moaned for her, and then I twisted around under her as my hard cock slapped against her stomach. I smiled up at her and said "Mmmm, this is a nice way to be woken up. Come sit on my face and let me get you nice and wet." 

I attempted to grab her waist and pull her up to my mouth when she shouted "NO, just fuck me. I need your cock in my pussy now. I am so horny I want to feel you cum inside of me first." 

She sat right down on my cock with no resistance. She was already hot and wet. Really wet. Man, one night away from me and she was this wet and horny. I liked that feeling, what an ego boost. 

She bounced on my cock, grinding her pussy onto my cock. Her juices were really flowing and dripping down my balls and down the crack of my ass. Wow this was hot. 

She didn't want this to last too long because she grabbed my nipples and pulled and twisted them. "Was my little slut bored without me? Do you need to release a load or did you jack off and eat your cum? I hope you saved enough for my pussy baby?" She said as she was riding my cock hard. She was slamming down on my balls and pulling on my nipples like they were horse reins. 

I started to buck back up into her, "Ya, that's it baby push that cock deep in my pussy, I'm almost there, oh ya baby that's it I'm going to cum." 

She grabbed my nipples and twisted them really hard forcing me to scream and jam my cock deep in her pussy. Her pussy clamped so tight around the base of my cock that it stopped my cum from spewing out of my cock. The pressure was intense. When she slowed her orgasm enough to release my cock I shot four large spurts of high pressured cum, followed by a slow fountain of dribbles, that flooded into her pussy. 

She jumped off my cock, turned around and sat on my face, "Now you can eat my pussy you cum slut. Lick it all out, every drop of cum. Mmmm. Ya, that's it slut suck it down and swallow baby." I ate and ate as the floods of cum flushed out of her pussy. I couldn't believe all the cum I shot into her, it seemed to never stop. My mouth just kept filling up with thick juicy cum, salty and tangy. 

Carol began to orgasm again as she crammed her pussy hard down on my face shooting her cum and forcing more of my cum down my throat. She finally lifted off of me and I was able to breathe again. Not that I was complaining. "So damn hot, did that big cum breakfast fill you up baby?" 

I just laid there with a big grin and my cum smeared all over my face and neck "MMMMM, MMMMM, GOOD-morning," I said as I enjoyed the cum taste in my mouth. 

Carol ran her tongue across my lips, "I knew you would like that, now let's get showered we have to go pick up David and Laura and meet them for lunch." 

I felt my jaw drop open, I was confused, "I thought they broke up, that's what this trip was for?" 

Carol was heading for the shower "That's what I thought, but when Laura said they were "splitting" up I thought "breakup", but is seems David's father lost his job and they can't afford for David to stay in school here, so he has to move back home. I told Laura we would give David a ride back home. Here's the catch, David is very upset and doesn't want to move back home right now, so I said he could stay with us for a bit until he figures out what to do." 

Now I was pissed, "Without asking me you agreed to all of this? What about our privacy? What if we left anything out at home and David sees it? How long is this supposed to be for?" The million questions started pouring out of me as I spat them out at Carol, who was about to step into the shower.

All my ranting and raving lost a lot of credibility when I was standing there naked, covered in cum, and my hardening cock dripping a big blob of cum onto my leg. 

Carol stared at me and then took a step towards me "I'm sorry, you're right I should have discussed it with you first. It will just be for a short time, and he will never know that you are wearing lacy panties under your clothes. Besides he will be in the spare room so we can still play, and it looks like you wouldn't mind getting caught by a real man." 

Carol took her finger and scooped up my dripping cum, brought it up to my mouth, and pushed her finger past my lips. I unconsciously parted my lips and allowed her to feed me my cum. She stared into my eyes and smirked at me, knowing I would agree to anything. She then slapped my now hard as a rock cock, giggled as she turned, and stepped into the shower. 

The thought of being seen by another guy all dressed up or getting fucked by him had me hard as a rock. While Carol was in the shower I ran to the adjoining door to see if Brian was there, but when I tried the inner door to his room it was locked. I peeked out the curtain and there was the maid's cart in front of his room. I guess that was my fling. I was sad and my ass just ached to be fucked again.

We were dressed and ready to head out to pick-up Laura and David for lunch. It was still hot and humid so minimal attire, shirt, shorts, silk g string, and sandals. Carol had on a tank top, no bra, shorts , g string, and sandals. I loved watching her boobs bounce free and her nipples were a constant turn on as they poked through the fabric of her shirt. 

We pulled up to the college dorms and I spotted Laura waiting by the curb, and assumed that was David standing next to her. I knew Laura but I never met David. With my busy schedule I was either working or at school when they came over, before they moved to Reno to go to school. 

David looked to be over 6 feet tall, blond/red hair, blue eyes, unshaven sexy face, wearing a tank top, gym shorts with the school emblem, and sandals. I can see a big tuft of hair coming out the neckline on his tank top; his arms and legs were also covered in a thick coat of that soft blond/red hair as well. He was very good looking and damn if my cock didn't begin to rise. Thank goodness I wasn't getting out of the car. 

Laura was short, like Carol, about 5'4", big boobs that had to be 36d's, long blond hair, tank top, no bra, shorts and sandals. They hopped in the back seat and introductions were made. We had a nice lunch and then we drove to Virginia City, an old gold mining town, and walked around. We headed back to drop them off and made plans to pick David up in the morning, load up what would fit in the car, and head back home.

Carol and I got back to our room and Carol told me to change into nylons, garter, g string, and bra. I guess we better play while we can, I thought. I went to the bathroom and cleaned myself out and jumped into the shower to freshen up. When I came out of the bathroom I was all dressed up and ready to go. I looked over to the bed, where Carol lay wearing her strap on, stroking her cock, and looking at me with lust in her eyes, "You're so sexy my slut, come over here and show me what a good cocksucker you are." 

I walked across the room, swishing my hips, and playing with my nipples through the bra to get them nice and hard. Like a cat, I climbed onto the bed, walking on all fours, as I seductively kissed my way up her legs. Looking up at her I started to lick the balls on the dildo; then up the shaft; then taking my tongue, I swirled it around the head before I leaned forward and deep throated about six of the eight inches of the life like rubber dildo. 

"That is so hot, looks like someone has been practicing cock sucking. You look so natural with a cock in your mouth baby and all dressed like the cock sucking cum slut you are. I bet you would love a real one someday? Wouldn't that be so hot to see what a real man's cock would taste like, what his cum would taste like? Feel that first shot of hot cum filling your mouth. Oh ya, baby suck my cock for me. Make me all wet to fuck your tight little pussy. You want me to fuck you like the tramp you are? You need my cock don't you baby?" She urged me on.

She reached under me and felt my silk covered cock, the g string was soaked with my precum and I was ready to shoot hearing her talk like that. I was also picturing Brian's cock and how his cum tasted as I sucked it all out of his cock. "Look how wet you are thinking of sucking a man's cock, you want that baby, you want a nice juicy cock to cum in your mouth so you can drink his cum?" 

I started to moan with her talking to me like this and rubbing my cock, I was soaking wet. She knew me so well, yet it was still just play wasn't it? She couldn't possibly mean it? 

She pushed me over onto my back and climbed up on me, straddling my hips and smashing her dildo against my cock. Looking down at me, I felt guilt about Brian and guilt about being so turned on when she talked about men. She would not let it go. She was relentless. She was onto something and she knew it. 

She reached over to the side of the bed and grabbed our tube of lube. She yanked my g string out of my ass and roughly shoved her fingers in my ass, being sure to twist them a couple of times. "WOW! It seems you don't even need lube anymore, your pussy is open and ready for to service a nice big cock." 

With that she got between my legs, lifted my knees up to my chest, pointed her cock head to my pussy, and shoved it until she buried about half the length. I pushed out just as she pushed in and there was just a little twinge of pain from the initial break through. I let out a grunt and pushed back against the cock trying to suck it all in. 

Carol was not going to stop until she got her answer, "You really like having a COCK in you, don't YOU? You like when I SHOVE my COCK in and out of your PUSSY?" She would pull her cock almost all the way out of my ass, and then with each emphasized word, she would ram her cock back hard to reinforce her statement. 

My eyes rolled up in my head. The pressure on my prostate was driving me wild. "God yes fuck me. Fuck my pussy, harder baby harder. I need your cock in me. I love having a cock deep inside my pussy." 

She shoved her cock all the way in smashing my balls with the balls of the dildo. Carol leaned forward driving the dildo all the way in my pussy, she put her face right up to mine, "I bet you would love a real cock in your pussy wouldn't you? Don't you think it would be hot to feel a man shoving his cock in and out of your pussy? Feel his hairy body rubbing against yours? Your tight little pussy exciting your man and making him want to fill your pussy full of cum? You know it would feel so good to have a real man fuck you, don't you?" 

I couldn't hold back anymore. I shoved back against her cock, the top of my cock popping out of my silky g string just in time to shoot my load all over my stomach. I felt so guilty and wanted to cry, but Carol wouldn't have it, she scooped up some cum and pushed her cum covered fingers in my mouth, "I hope we can make your dream come true someday. I would love to see you suck and fuck a man. Now I know you would like it too. You make me so happy, I love my little sex slut." 

We lay like that for a while. Carol continued to slowly grind her hips, slowly pushing her cock in and out of my ass. At the same time she was slow fucking her pussy with the other end of the dildo embedded in her pussy, until she finally had an orgasm. I lowered my legs and we went to sleep with my cum drying between our two chests, and her cock shoved deep in my ass.

The next morning we packed up the car with our suitcases and everything of David's that would fit. I felt really melancholy about not being able to dress up and have hot sex while we had our company. We made the hot four hour drive home. 

By the time we arrived home, the temperature dropped about 10 to 15 degrees, but it was still around 85. Our closed up apartment felt like an oven when we walked in. We rushed around opening up windows and turning on a couple of fans. I quickly scanned the apartment for any toys or other incriminating evidence. 

We showed David around the apartment, his bedroom, the one bathroom we would all share, living room, kitchen, and being on the second floor we had a large covered walkout patio off the kitchen. We grabbed some beers to cool down, before we set out to unload the car. 

David and I went down to get a load from the car. On the way back up the stairs, David was in front of me, I caught myself staring at his hairy legs and tight ass. As I followed him I could smell his nice strong man sent that was causing a stirring in my cock. 

When we got to the top of the stairs I assumed he would turn and walk towards the door, instead he just stopped at the landing. I didn't stop and ran my face right into his ass. His ass was very firm and tight. I quickly apologized "Sorry about that David. I was thinking about where I was going to put the luggage and didn't expect you to stop. You caught me off guard." 

David started to crackup, "No problem. I just got turned around at the top of the stairs and forgot which way to the front door." I pointed to the left and we headed off to the door. Really there was no other way to go since the unit we lived in had our own doorway and our own staircase to get there. I shrugged it off and laughed. 

We got inside and Carol instructed me to take our suitcase to our room and dump the dirty clothes on the bed so that she can start laundry. David chimed in "That sounds like a plan, mind if we share a load to go faster?" Carol told him it would be no problem to merge our clothes, saves money on the laundry room cost. I did not think about what the mixing of the clothes would mean until later. 

It was sweltering hot upstairs. As it got later in the evening, the air became still and it was not getting any cooler. David and I were down to our shorts only and Carol just had on a tank top, no bra of course, and shorts. Carol's tank top offered a lot of side boob views, making me horny. Carol took a load of laundry down to the laundry room, David was plopped on the couch, and I sat in a chair across from him flipping the channels on the TV. 

This gave us a chance to get to know one another a little better. So far, David and I got along great. If we weren't forced into being friends and living together, I could see David and I being friends anyway. I also wanted to check him out further. "So David, are you going to enroll in the local community college until you sort things out or what?" 

David shrugged his shoulders, "I'm not sure, with Dad out of work I may have to just find a job and help contribute there. I just need a couple of days to figure out what I need to do. I hate that I have to give up all my dreams and education. I'm pissed and I know it's not my Dad's fault, I just don't want to go home pissed off at him and cause bigger problems." 

I was listening to him and looking at his furry chest glistening with sweat. His nipples were so pink and protruded past the tuft of fur that surrounded each one. He definitely had little eraser nubs rather than just flat nipples. My mouth was watering thinking of me sucking on Brian's nipples. I wasn't wearing underwear making it impossible to hide my rising hard on. 

Just when I thought it couldn't get any worse, David put his feet up on the edge of the coffee table and his shorts opened up at the leg opening. From where I was sitting I got a direct shot at his cock lying down against his furry leg. What a huge cock head. From the angle, it looked pretty impressive in size. 

I not only got hard, but a damn wet spot started to appear on my shorts. How was I going to get away with this? I knew I should have put on underwear, but it was too damn hot.

Carol came in with the first load out of the dryer. She walked in all sweaty from the heat of the laundry room. She carried the full laundry basket in, placed in on the floor by the couch, and sat down next to David. She started folding the clothes, and it was the delicate load. Oh crap. 

David watched her folding all of the panties, and I could see that his cock started to creep down his leg. I could see his cock head flare a couple of times and his cock slightly jump in his shorts. He was getting horny from seeing all the lace and silk. David made a flipped comment "That's a lot of nice pretty panties you got there Carol." 

I was screaming to Carol in my head 'Oh shit don't tell him that some of those belong to me, please'. Carol laughed at him and threw a pair of MY panties at his face, "A girl has to look pretty and slutty for her man." 

She turned and winked at me "Isn't that right Tony? You love the feel of silk and lace don't you baby?" What a tease she is. 

I wasn't going to let her get away with it, so I spat back at her "The sluttier the better. You know I like it dirty." I turned to David and gave him a wink. 

David grabbed my panties off his face, but I noticed he slowly rubbed it across his face first. I wonder what he would do if he knew they were mine? I laughed to myself. David stood up and quickly turned his back to us as he headed to the bathroom, "I have to get rid of some of this beer." 

Carol noticed the tenting in his shorts and smiled at me. She got up and came over to me, grabbing my cock through my shorts, "Look at you all wet and bothered. Did talking about your silky panties get you all excited or did David's manly body do it for you?" She smirked at me as I turned red. 

I wasn't ready to admit anything yet, "The silky panty talk got me going; now I have to run and change my shorts and put underwear on, thanks to you." 

Carol giggled and grabbed my beer just as David came back in the room. Carol took a big gulp of my beer allowing some beer to drool out her mouth and onto my crotch. You could tell that I had beer and cum stains all over my shorts, "Oops. Sorry, I took more than I could swallow. That usually doesn't happen." She laughed at her own joke. 

She saved my ass from being embarrassed, by the cum stains building up on my shorts, so I laughed with her. David laughed as well. Taking a piss must have calmed his cock down because he wasn't tenting like before. The beers were loosening us all up, maybe too much. 

We watched TV for a while. I announced I had to go to the store to get some more beer and food. I was gone for about an hour and came up with a couple of bags of groceries. David went past me and went to get the other bags. Carol was sweatier now than earlier, this place is not cooling off, I thought. 

We ate and drank some more, then it was time for bed. Carol and I went to our room and I was horny and hoping to play a little bit. I was so hot we just lay naked on the bed with the window open. I wiggled down Carol's body ready to dive into her pussy. She stopped me again, pulled me up on top of her, and told me to shove my cock in her and fuck her hard. No complaints here. 
