 "Hey baby-doll." He greets you, wrapping arms around your waist. You gasp, he was unexpected. But, of course, always welcome; he is your boyfriend after-all. His hot breath tickled your ear but before you could shiver his teeth nibbled your earlobe. 

You respond by making a soft mewl in the back of your throat. He chuckles and runs his fingers over the slight area of exposed skin between your shirt and shorts. Now you shiver. He turns you around so you're facing him and he plants a kiss on your lips, making you groan and stand on your tip-toes to let yourself be engulfed in the kiss. You allow him to press you against the lockers of the school hallway. This wing was just about deserted now as kids hurried to class. You want to bring this up, that you two should be in class as well, but before the question rolls off your tongue you feel his hot lips against yours and readily open them for his tongue. What's one class missed in college really mean anyway? He quickly breaks the kiss though and begins to say something.

Before he can you feel his arms yank away from you. You don't have time to turn around but feel another warm body against yours, and you feel slightly longer then average nails, which you know are a deep lavender, and creamy white hands press against your ass and squeeze non to gently. You squirm but only because you know you're late to class; she's always welcome as well because, after-all, she's your girlfriend. 

Yes, you're dating both of them. You're in a threesome relationship. You're the bottom in the relationship, to both of them. And as the bottom you don't get a say as you're pulled into a nearby classroom empty of people. At least they're that considering. 

Their fingers now hungrily explore the body they should know by heart by now. Quickly he moves a stack of papers from the desk, the only object that would get in the way, to a chair. Then they clamber up on top. You feel his hands, very hot, lift your shirt over your head. Your body is tingling, sweaty and antsy with anticipation. Your bra falls away and her purple nails smooth over your skin and grope your large boobs. "You have marvelous tits babe." She cups them from the bottom in her hands, squeezing and playing with your nipples.She grins like a cat, kissing your neck. It makes you mewl, gasp, and shiver. Already you're wet, you can tell. Probably dripping. 

You're sitting on your knees, with her behind you and him in front of you. His shirt is off, on the floor somewhere. He pulls you to him, thus making her sink her nails into your soft pillowy boobs. The pleasure is sharp and immense but counteracted by the soft pressure of his lips. His hands scoot down your warm stomach, as if truly taking in the inches he explores, to your shorts. They hardly cover your bum anyways, per request, and are quickly off. You're stuck in pink panties decorated with childish stars and black knee highs...on a desk in school.

You hear a growl but can't tell who it comes from, it could be anyone. But it doesn't matter who because it sped everything up. 

"My fingers are wet and I haven't even got pass your thighs." He chuckles. True enough you can feel his fingers run gently up your thighs and blush. Then gasp as you feel his fingers push past the entrance to your womanhood quickly and begin to push inside of you. They swirl and with each pass make you shake and moan. 

"Don't let him defile you before I get to play." She purrs, licking the side of your throat and biting you as her nails squeeze and tug at your breasts and nipples. "Freaking great tits." She grins, slapping the side of your breasts so that they jiggle and smack against each other. You moan, the pleasure of your boobs rubbing against each other and the sharp pain of her nails teasing and twisting your nipples and the soft flesh of your breasts.

You hear her mewl and do the same in response, and gasp as she roughly slaps your other breast so now they both sting with pleasure. "I swear to god your tits are the biggest in this school." She grins, pushing her own breasts (much smaller though the pressure is wonderful) against your back. She rakes her nails across your nipples, grabbing them in her hands and twisting while she pulled the deepened pink nipples, and you, closer to orgasm. 

Not that he was stopping it. His damn fingers where so skilled, so hot, as they pushed inside of you; searching for that mind blowing orgasm you where all craving...searching for your clit. His mouth met yours once again in a fiery hot kiss right as her fingers squeezed your breasts the perfect way.

The first orgasm was hot, driving you to squeeze your fingers into his shoulders, drawing pin tip drops of blood. He just grinned and bit the side of your neck that she didn't have in her mouth. 

"Mhmm." She murmured from behind you, rubbing her hands on your body, instantly bringing back the heat from your orgasm. One hand dropped from your breast and sneaked its way towards the front of you to try and swipe at your wet vagina. 

Her hand was quickly slapped away which got an 'Ouch!' from her. "If you get her boobs and ass then I'm taking her mouth and vagina. Back off." He growls, adjusting his position so that he can drag you forward and, naturally your arms fall out quickly to support yourself.

You find yourself on all fours looking into the head of your boyfriend's cock. It's so large......your mouth just HAS to open for it; it would be wrong to not taste just....the tip was a murky white with his cum. Your tongue crept forward towards it, gently lapping at a droplet that threatened to slip away. Couldn't let that happen. You placed your lips gently on his penis, forming a soft 'o' around his shaft you suckled softly on the pre-cum and felt him harden underneath you. His cock seemed to get bigger, almost filling your mouth as you moved your lips up and down. You heard him almost sigh and tried to go faster. 

"Ow!" You gasp, dropping his cock from your mouth as you feel your ass sting from a sharp slap. You turn your head around to give a sharp glare at her. 

"Don't gimme that look missy, you'll fucking love getting a spanking." She grins, and didn't a weak 'cat-scratch' motion. "Me~ow." She purred sexily. 

One of her hands gripped your hip while the other hung softly on your ass in the same spot she had slapped "Go ahead baby girl, you turn around and suck his big cock; I'm going to play with your ass." She gestured for you to turn around.

You did so, eager for his cock back inside your mouth and you almost got it back in before you shivered and had to turn around again. You, briefly, had felt something very hot and wet IN your ass. She's peeking her tongue up at you and you could tell she was smirking. You feel it again and watch as her tongue comes up from behind you, running up the space between your cheeks. She giggled as you blushed and ran her hand over your ass again. You shivered, heating up again. 

"Hey, don't pay attention to her, come back here baby." You hear him say and turn back to feel him run his hand over your cheek and turn towards him. You smile softly and are now able to run your lips over the tip of his cock again.

You move your lips up and down the shaft of his penis, sucking in any pre-cum that may be released; relishing in the soft skin but hardened muscle underneath. The flavors, cum and sweat mixing with your own saliva, excited you. You had just came minutes before but you feel it building back in you just like you feel him harden. It's lovely, to say the least.

Suddenly you lurch forward, his cock hitting the back of your throat and making you gag. You refuse to turn around, knowing he wanted your mouth around his cock. You feel your ass sting. Then again and you lurch forward once more. The next time, seconds later actually, when the spank came you stilled yourself and went back to sucking his cock. You shake at the next spank but keep going, willing yourself to get him off before you came. 

However that was hard to do; his cock felt amazing behind words and her damn hand worked magic on your ass. She was working her way warmly around your ass; starting from one side she spanked each spot, starting from the center and moving out, back across towards the other side, and then back a second time till she hit the same spot she started at.

She was currently working the lower section of your ass; running her hand along each spot before, SMACK, she brought her hand down on your ass and watched as your rear cheek jiggled. She grinned and ran her fingernails across your bum. Now she started working upwards; SMACK! The spank made you jump, and made his cock run across the roof of your mouth. 

You squirm as her hand continues to work it's way across your ass, making it an even dark pink. Your juices had to be practically flowing out of your body. You gasped, warming his cock with your breath, as you felt her fingers slowly run circles on the entrance to your womanhood. A idea went off in her head because a second later she kept spanking you but now it was in time to the beat her fingers. 

You moaned again, still licking and sucking on his cock. He must of noticed what she was doing because he began to slowly pump his penis inside of your mouth, making you gag for a few seconds before you adjusted to it. 

You quivered, her rough spanks and fingering and his cock in your mouth pumping you closer and closer to orgasm. You moaned, taking his cock inside of you with pleasure. 

Then you felt a sharp pain on your right cheek, and, without even having to look back, you could tell that she had actually bit your ass! But...her teeth sinking into warm flesh and long fingernails inside you and his warm cock....you cried out in orgasm as you came. 

Your cum came out and you could feel her fingers still inside of you, collecting your cum on the purple of her nails. You shook, spasmimg in pleasure as the final waves of your orgasm rippled through your body. But, as you finished cumming, they did to. 

You heard her moan and gasp as she came, pushing her pelvis against your sore ass so you could feel her cum through her white lace boy-shorts. Some of her cum even made it through the skimpy underwear, coating small parts of your ass in it. But her cum didn't cover nearly as much as he did. He pulled out at the last second but exploded. His cum shot deep into your mouth and throat, the hot substance was thick as it landed on your cheeks and plastered against your neck and chest. The sticky cum wasn't done being shot till your nipples and the area between your breasts and above your nipples where coated in a thin layer of his thick cum that was also on your chin and that you had appreciated swallowing. 

God, threesomes fucked so nicely you thought as you breathed slowly and felt, rather then saw, both of them smiling.