 Mark went into the room and in the noise and laughter he whispered my suggestion to the others in turn. Sue did not realize the plan and by the look on her face thought they were whispering their admiration of her. She slid down the seat a little more so her skirt rode up her thighs over her stocking tops. No more encouragement was needed for these guys. The two guys beside her started to run their hands up and down her legs and over her full tits.

She pretended to stop them, but she made only a token resistance. She was getting really turned on now. Sue turned to the guy on her left and their lips met, the other guy, on her right, moved his hand all the way up her leg to her pussy and pressed his fingers into her over her panties. She pulled him away, but she was to weak to hold his hand off as he pulled her arm back to her side and held it there.

Using his other hand to unbutton her blouse further he moved over to kiss her neck moving down to her right breast. She let out a sigh as their lips parted and the other guy moved his mouth over her left breast. The two men were now kissing her breasts and pulling her legs apart.

"No more, not with the other guys watching." She whispered.

She obviously wanted two men but not the other six, who by this time had moved closer. Two of them on their knees in front of her and the other four behind eagerly rubbing their cocks and laughing quietly now to each other.

"Stop, I have to go!" Sue managed to blurt out.

These guys knew she was making a modesty statement. Too late they knew she was a slut and they were going to make sure she got some kind of a fucking.

"Come on babe lets have some fun." Said one of the guys on his knees as he ran his hands up her legs.

I had one of the hardest cocks that I can remember having in a long long time as I watched my wife being mauled by these men. I knew even if I had walked in now it would be hard to stop them. But I didn't want too, I wanted to watch her go all the way. I wanted to watch her being fucked by another man.

The guy in front had now pulled her further down the seat and her short skirt had rode passed her ass. They all now had a full view of her white lace panties and her stocking clad legs. Two of the standing guys grabbed her feet and pulled her legs further apart so much that I thought they would split her in two. The guy on his knees in front of her went straight to her pussy. Running his tongue over her pussy Sue squirmed with pleasure and mock cries of stop, stop, stop.

"I don't want this!" Sue cried out.

She was almost on her back on the sofa, legs held apart, tits pulled out of her matching white lace bra. She had at least five pairs of hands caressing her body and three men kissing her breasts and pussy. The other three guys' hands were fumbling into their pants to bring out their hard cocks. Slowly wanking their creamed shafts in anticipation of a gangbang.

Sue's hands had been placed around the cocks of the two guys beside her so fast that she was pumping them with the rhythm of her own shivering excitement. I had my cock out by now and was wanking subconsciously in time with the guys standing around her.

The guy to her left who seemed to lead the others straddled her chest and pushed the other away. His cock was about 7 inches out of his pants and being forced to my wife's lips. Without hesitation she opened her mouth, his frustrated anger made him thrust his cock into the back of her throat. Holding her hair he fucked her mouth hard and fast as she gagged around his dick.

"Choke on this you bitch!" I heard him shout at her.

"You fucking tease, suck my fucking cock slut!" He said as the others laughed except the guy with his face buried in my wife's pussy.

He had pulled his cock out and was jerking on it hard. His fat belly hiding his prick, seeing he was one of the senior managers (I found out later) no one tried to get him out of the way to let someone else in on the action between Sue's thighs. I could see that Sue's hold ups had been laddered as they had been pulled down to her ankles as the other two guys on the floor got off on kissing and groping her legs. She was helpless against the eight men and didn't care. No, this was far from her mind as she took the ravishing of the sex crazed animals around her.

I could hear a muddle of voices.

"Yeah, fuck her hard!" 

"Let me in I want to fuck her mouth!" 

"Turn the bitch over!" 

"Get her fucking tits out!"

The guy fucking her mouth was hammering it in hard, he wasn't going to last much longer. 

"Swallow it, swallow it!" He shouted at her as he began to spurt his cum into her mouth.

As he exploded into Sue's mouth she coughed and choked, his cum running over her lips, down her chin and onto her now naked breasts. He wiped his dick over her face when he finished cumming in her mouth and was away, being pushed the other fat guy.

"Get her on the table!" He demanded.

Sue was pulled to her feet and over to the table which had held the food and drink. Lifted in one swift motion she was laid on the table on her back. Now all eight guys had close up access to her body, still clothed they removed their pants and started a game. Moving in a circle around the table, she had one cock to suck, her hands on two others while the rest mauled at her tits legs and pussy.

"I want to fuck this beauty." Came the voice of Mark. Looking up at the door, which I was behind, expecting me to show up and stop this. I couldn't, I was so fucking turned on that my cock was about to explode in my hand. 

To Be Continued?