 Sue's blouse was ripped open and the remaining buttons went flying across the room. Her tits were now exposed over her bra, but these guys enjoyed being rough and so did she. A strong hand yanked her bra and it snapped between the cups leaving maximum access to her boobs. Sue never protested as one cock left her mouth and another replaced it. Her tongue skills would have finished these guys off before they could enter her moist cunt.

When they had all been round the table once, they spun her round feet on the floor, legs apart and face down. Mark took up position behind her, with a good 9 inches of hard throbbing cock rubbing against her ass. Looking again in my direction, as if looking for approval. All that was separating his throbbing cock from her dripping cunt was her white soaking thongs.

"Fuck me! Fuck me! Just fucking fuck me now!" 

She cried out after her mouth was free of the cock.

"OK slut, you asked for it!" He grunted at her

"You guys hold her down, I'm gonna fuck her first." 

He said as he pushed two of his thick fingers under Sue's thongs and ripped them from her ass.

I could see her sopping wet cunt until Mark moved forward and slid his big hard cock inside my wife. There was no tenderness in the way he thrust his hips forward and pushed his big cock right up into her slick cunt in one go.

"Oh, Oh, Oh!" Sue screamed out.

"Don't stop, keep it coming, yes harder, harder, fuck me harder you bastard!" 

She kept screaming out until another cock was thrust into her mouth.

I was transfixed, here was my wife being gangbanged and fucking loving every moment of it! Mark had at least five minutes of fucking my wife hard and fast when his head finally flopped back as he thrust up inside her. He held his throbbing man meat deep inside her as she felt him fill her pussy full of his thick creamy spunk. The cock in her mouth came in unison as it filled her mouth and then her throat violently as it deposited all its cum down the back of her throat as my wife swallowed it all without a second thought.

The next guy eagerly took Mark's place between my wife's thighs as he thrust his stiff but not as big cock up her cum filled pussy.

"That's all the lubrication I need." He quipped

"This looks like the tightest ass I have ever seen" he quipped again

Without another thought and no protest from Sue he pulled his cock out of her pussy, pulled her ass cheeks apart and eased his cum covered cock up her asshole. This time slowly gliding it into her as she gasped and began to scream out.

"Fucking hell, yes. Oh fuck ..." 

Were the only words she got out as another cock thrust into her open mouth

Her grip on his cock with her teeth made the owner pull his cock back out of her mouth just as quick as it went in.

"You fucking bitch, fucking suck it not chew it!" He shouted at her

Again he pushed his cock into her mouth very carefully and slowly increased his thrusting motion until he was fucking her face like he would have her pussy The other guys who had not cum in her yet were masturbating their cocks with a fury while groping at her with the other hand.

"Turn her over, I wanna cover her with my cum!" Protested one of them

"Yeah turn her over, she's gonna swim in it!" Called out the others

Sue was turned over like a rag doll, her legs over the shoulders of the same guy as he began to fuck her ass hard and fast again. Her head lolled back over the edge of the table as she was straddled and began to lick and suck on some lucky bastards balls as she was pulling on another two hard dicks on either side of her. She orgasmed at least twice during this assault on her as her body shivered and twisted with the ecstasy of being fucked and ravaged by these strangers.

One guy who had his prick in his fist couldn't hold back any longer and shot his load all over Sue's tits and upper body and it ran down her neck and into her armpits. This brought the others to a final rush of jerking off as they gathered around my wife pumping their cocks next to her face and boobs as one by one they shot their loads all over her face and body. 

The guy fucking her ass pulled his throbbing dick out of her and pushed her thighs together rubbing his cock over her little strip of pussy hair and finally he finished of by fucking her inner thighs and then shot his cum from her pussy up over her belly to her cum covered tits as his final assault came to and end.

In a final act of humiliation they all wiped their cocks on Sue's legs, blouse and skirt. By this time I had shot my load over the door in front of me. What was going to happen next I wondered, what will I say to her, how will she try to hide what had happened to her?

After the guys had finished with her they mockingly asked her to their next event and told her to bring that other hot bitch Cathy with her and not her husband.

"Yes oh yes." 

I heard Sue muffle as she got up from the table trying to salvage what was left of her appearance.

The guys all shuffled out the door except Mark and they were shocked to see me standing there with my cock out and my spunk running down the door.

"You should have came in and joined the fun, she was great thanks for letting us have her." He said as he laughed at me

Sue looked at me after they had all left.

"You fucking bastard, I would have stopped them but I heard them say you told them to see how far I would go." She said softly

"I know, but you were teasing them." I said in return

"How the hell are we going to get you out of here looking like that?" I asked her

"I don't fucking care, no one here knows me." She answered back

We walked out of the room and passed the caterers who were waiting to clean the room. The young waiters stared in disbelief and the waitresses giggled to themselves. Sue walked on with one stocking up to her knee, her bra hanging loose under her torn blouse with no buttons to hide her cum soaked tits. We made it to the car and then headed home.

Sue stripped what clothes she had left and stepped into the shower, the sight of her body caked in eight other men's cum aroused me again. As she walked into the bedroom drying off I pushed her on to the bed with her ass staring me in the face. I tongued her still moist cunt hole, her excited motion squeezing more of her lovers cum. In fury I took my cock out and fucked her fast and hard and came quickly deep inside her marking my territory in her tired used body.

I am sure it wont be long till we try this again!