 We walk into the swingers club a bit after 9 pm on a warm Saturday night. You look absolutely stunning in a long black dress with your movie star blonde hair framing your beautiful face. I'm wearing the grey bespoke suit you bought for me on Saville Row on our anniversary last year. You love me in this suit, and I feel sexy and confident as well. We are both sexy as hell and when we walk in together all eyes notice us.

We drop a bottle of champagne and a bottle of scotch at the bar and get a couple of glasses. We relax with our drinks and watch people out on the dance floor. We can feel the pulse of the bass through our bodies as our nervousness eases into excitement. We chat with a few people and enjoy seeing and being seen. We regularly look at each other and can't help but kiss passionately. Our tongues intertwine as we inhale each other's breath. I am yours and you are mine. We are confident in that, looking sexy, and ready to enjoy some pleasure together.

We make our way to a sitting room to get a break from the music and dancing and just do a bit of talking. There are leather couches around three walls. As we walk in, you see three women talking in the corner and you walk next to them and they invite you to sit with a smile. We all talk for a while and I see you whispering regularly with a pretty brunette and casually touching each other. She is wearing a red dress which I know catches your eye. She looks to be in her 30's, but we have also met some people who look much younger than their age. I excuse myself and go to the restroom for a few minutes. As I walk back in, I stop and speak to a man we met earlier. You notice me, then look at me and smile. You lean over and again whisper in the cute brunette's ear with your hand on her arm. She turns to you and I see you kiss her. I can feel the heat in the room all of a sudden as I'm instantly turned on. You and the brunette stand up together and walk toward me.

"This is Jen," you say, as the brunette walks straight to me reaches up and grabs the back of my head and kisses me. My eyes go wide with surprise, but I also think I may have an idea of what you were whispering. I look right at you and you give me another smile as you ask, "Shall we?"

You grab Jen's hand and walk away, assuming you can predict my answer. The other two women in the corner are smiling at my reaction, and I can't help but smile as well as I turn to follow two beautiful women to the private play room down the hall.

As I walk in to the gauze draped room I see you have already taken charge and have pushed Jen down onto a bed and are straddling her with your dress hiked up and you are kissing her mouth and neck. She runs one hand up the outside of your thigh and cups your butt and has the other hand on the back of your head as you both kiss with soft feminine passion. I stand for a minute and watch my gorgeous wife making out with another beautiful woman. You slide a hand under Jen's dress and feel a firm thigh that leads you to her lacy underwear. You enjoy the feel of the lace, but when you slide her panties aside, you touch the soft folds of her pussy. You caress the outer lips of her pussy as I have done to you many times. Jen's hand tightens behind your head and on your ass as you feel her gasp when you stroke her clitoris. You feel me watching you, or possibly have begun to wonder where I've been, and break your kiss with Jen and look at me. "Give me a hand?" you ask seductively and grin at your pith in the moment.

I take off my jacket and vest and lay them at the head of the bed, never taking my eyes off the show you are giving me. Jen's hands have found their way to your breasts as you continue to rub her clit and make out. I sit on the bed behind you and slide a hand under your bunched up dress, along your thigh to your pussy. I find you very wet already, and I slide my fingers along your pussy lips and rub your clit as your breath catches as well. You enjoy this for a few minutes and then sit up and pull your dress off completely and throw it on my jacket. You have on matching black lace bra and panties which accentuate your beautiful slim curves. You grab the bottom of Jen's red dress and slide it slowly over head as well, revealing the matching red lacy bra and panties which you removed earlier. While you are facing me, I take the opportunity to kiss you as passionately as I can. We are lost in each other with our tongues wrestling as you feel Jen unhook your bra and cup your breasts. I reach down and continue to rub your clit more to keep you excited as Jen pinches your nipples. You unbutton my shirt as you realize I'm the only one left with clothes on. You strip off my shirt and give each of my nipples a small lick while you unbutton my slacks. You feel how aroused I am when you pull off the last of my clothes and my erection springs free. You can't help but to take my dick in your mouth and give me a few seconds of oral sex as I take my turn holding my breath.

"Jen, can you help me here, please?" you ask. Jen slides next to you and licks one side of my penis as you lick the other, taking turns sucking the head, sucking on my balls, and occasionally taking me as deep into your throats as you can. You are fulfilling one of my fantasies and I can't imagine loving you more! I can't take very much of this tremendous treatment and announce, "I'm about to cum..." You open your beautiful lips wide and put your face next to Jen's as you continue to stroke me until I explode across both of your faces. Jen turns to you and starts kissing and licking the cum off of your face and then kisses you. I am amazingly still turned on seeing this and know I'll be ready again soon.

"Lay down and let Jen and I please you, honey." I whisper as I gently push you onto your back while kissing your neck. Jen has kissed her way down your abdomen and her tongue starts flicking against your clitoris as she expertly slides two fingers into your pussy and immediately hits your G-spot. I rub and suck on your breasts, nipples, neck and push on your abdomen where I can feel Jen's fingers moving against your G-spot as you quickly begin to moan with pleasure. Your body begins to buzz with excitement as you feel an orgasm wash over you as I pinch your nipples. Your orgasm is so intense that a small stream of ejaculate from your pussy sprays Jen's face as she keeps licking and sucking your clit and fingering your G-spot. Jen and I keep the waves of your orgasm going for almost five minutes before you finally beg us to stop. 

You lie on the bed quivering and attempting to recover from the longest and most intense orgasm of your life, and Jen takes her fingers from your pussy and puts them into my mouth. I suck your flavor from her fingers and you tell me "Why don't you see if Jen tastes as good as I do?" with another smile. I take Jen's fingers out of my mouth and kiss her while feeling her breasts, abdomen, ass, and finally pussy. She lies down and I begin to lick her pussy. It is apparent I am not as skilled as Jen, and you ask to take my place. Jen turns around in the 69 position below you and gives a repeat performance of her pussy licking. You look so insanely hot, I get behind you while Jen is licking your pussy from underneath and slide my cock in. I am very turned on, fucking you doggy style while Jen licks your clit and occasionally my balls when they are convenient to her position underneath. In a short time you moan in a second shorter orgasm. The contractions and convulsions of your body are too much for me and I blow my second load into your pussy. Jen doesn't stop her oral ministrations, and first captures my dick in her mouth when I withdraw, tasting our intermingled juices, and then going back to you and sticking her tongue deep into your pussy to get even more.

I lie down to recover for a few minutes as I watch you and Jen continue in your 69. You and I have each had multiple orgasms and Jen hasn't had one yet, despite our ministrations thus far. You climb off of Jen and reach onto the floor and grab a condom which you roll onto my nearly constantly erect cock as I lay on my back. You tell Jen to climb on and she does. I grab you and pull you onto my face so I can work on yet another orgasm for you with my tongue and mouth. Jen rides me while I lick your pussy and you and Jen continue to kiss and fondle each other's breasts and clits. 

"Is it OK if your husband fucks my ass? I need that to cum." Jen asks you.

"I think he would like that," you reply.

Jen simply rises up and slides my cock backward into her ass where she slowly slides it into her tight hole. I'm not sure how long I'm going to last, and I attack your pussy with renewed vigor and focus. You start moaning as your buck on my face, and I slide a finger into your ass in time with Jen riding up and down on my cock in her ass. You can feel your orgasm building and Jen has her eyes closed as your put your fingers into Jen's pussy and bite her nipples as I fuck her ass. Jen starts to shudder and her pussy gushes on my stomach, which sets you off as you squirt in my mouth and I finally let go and fill the condom with my cum.

We all collapse in sweaty satisfaction, and eventually get towels and get cleaned up and get dressed again and walk back out into the club. "Jen, we'd love to have you over to our house to hot tub with us some time," you tell her.

"I'd love that. You guys are amazing lovers and super sexy. Would you mind if I brought some friends?"

TO BE CONTINUED