 This is the story where my wife Leah and I agreed to wife swap with an African-American couple, Clarence and Octavia. Now Octavia had two boys and was reluctant to participate in an orgy in the same place as her boys. Her mother who babysat while Octavia was at work was only willing to babysit once a month for social occasions. Thus we decided to indulge in threesomes in-between the time when all four of us could do an orgy.

The routine established was that we each would take turns in looking after Octavia's kids while the other three would enjoy a fuck fest. By luck of the draw I was out of the first threesome and Leah was out of the next one. Now it was Octavia's turn to sit out, and so Clarence alone came to visit our apartment leaving the kids with Octavia.

For the first threesome Leah had dyed her hair as well as her pubic hair a light green color. She did this to counter react the sexiness and appeal of Octavia. From my point of view although there is no question Octavia is hot, Leah is no wallflower either. Leah is very definitely an attractive woman with a gorgeous good looking face. 

When I first met her I knew immediately I would marry her and in fact we were married within six months from our first date. Now Leah is 5'8" tall but weighs 220 lbs. Her weight bothers her and robs her of confidence of her own beauty such that she felt she is not attractive to men because of her fat.

When we had our initial wife swap event, Leah knew Clarence in essence was assigned to her, and thus she was comfortable enough with her sex appeal. However in the first threesome where she was sharing Clarence with his wife Octavia, she was apprehensive of her attractiveness, when she would be inevitably starkly compared with Octavia. This uncertainty was the reason and feelings that prompted her to dye her hair the outrageous color. 

However Leah was a conservative girl not to be inclined to rebel. Being a respected nurse at a major hospital in Detroit she did not dare go to work sporting such a bizarre hair color. I was a little disappointed as I had to admit the light green hair color as well as her pubic hair being dyed the same color, gave her an exceedingly exotic appearance which enhanced her already high sex appeal.

Unfortunately after that initial threesome Leah wasted no time in getting her hair back to her normal color. As to her cunt hair she did not bother to re-dye it, but instead simply shaved all of it off. This was the very first occasion that I had seen Leah's cunt free of any hair, and thus such sight was very startling to me. Although a female hairy bush is a beautiful sight to behold, there is something mouth watering about a hairless cunt.

As she had shaved her pubic hair I insisted that she keep shaving for some time before she let her cunt hair grow into a bush again. I actually wanted to indulge in a voyeuristic desire of seeing the contrast in color when Clarence's very black cock would enter my wife's very pink cunt unimpeded by distracting brown cunt hair.

For this upcoming threesome I was in anticipation of outstanding sex. I knew that Leah's inner thoughts would be free of any self doubts about her appeal since she was going to be the sole girl. When Leah is totally uninhibited her sexuality is hard to beat. Yes I was getting impatient for this session to begin which was scheduled exactly one week later, thus a Wednesday again, after the last threesome which was the one where Leah was the odd person out.

Finally the day arrived and Clarence showed up at our door in mid afternoon. Leah was taking a shower when Clarence arrived because she had been summoned for an emergency half shift that day. Luckily this unexpected work assignment did not interfere with our scheduled orgy. 

So I gave a beer to Clarence and grabbed one for myself as we commenced in small talk. We ventured into the living room exiting from the kitchen. From our two previous sex encounters I was starting to like Clarence as a pal and our conversation was not awkward. 

Clarence is truly a stud. He looks just like Dennis Haysbert the actor who played the role of the black President Palmer in the TV show "24", and was now doing Allstate commercials. Like the actor Clarence has a manly frame, no fat, and is solid throughout. His hair is a normal cut without any Afro style to it. 

As for me, I am 6 feet tall with a stock build but with a little flab in the middle. I do not smoke and drink moderately. I jog regularly and so am in decent shape but more importantly I have lots of stamina which is most useful in sexual activity. So all in all, my ego & my regard for Clarence suggested that Leah will be in sexual heaven with the two of us.

As Clarence and I reached the living room Leah emerged from the bathroom having finished her shower. Leah had toweled herself dry but she had not bothered to dress, distaining a robe or even a wrap around towel, and thus she was completely nude. Without any bra restraint her huge boobs bounced along pleasantly as she was approaching. Her freshly shaved pussy caused my pecker to stir.

With a big smile she said: 

"Hey guys let's have a look at your magnificent cocks." 

Suiting words to action she grabbed Clarence's belt, undid it, unbuttoned the forward button of his trousers and unzipped the zipper. Then she slowly sank to her knees as with both hands she was pulling down his pants and shorts. As soon as his cock was freed from its restraint Leah exclaimed "Oh goody" and immediately took his cock fully into her mouth.

As Leah was bobbing up and down on Clarence's shaft I got rid of all my clothes. As soon as she saw my cock was exposed and nearby, Leah let go of Clarence's dick and said: 

"Ah Tom let me get a taste of your luscious cock too." 

So Leah took my cock into her mouth but not forgetting Clarence she had her left hand on his dick and proceeded to massage it. At this moment I reached for the CD remote control resting on a nearby table and turned the CD player on. Now Leah and I had not preplanned beforehand how the events were to unfold but I had thought Ravel's "Bolero" would prove to be useful.

For those of you unfamiliar with "Bolero" it is a continuous repeating musical melody. The music starts softly with just one musical instrument but each refrain becomes louder as another musical instrument is added at each refrain. Finally the music comes to a thundering conclusion as the full orchestra is then playing. I believe this piece of music is about eleven minutes long.

The music of "Bolero" provided perfect pace for Leah. At each change in music she switched cocks as to which she had been sucking to the one being hand massaged and vice versa. As the music kept getting louder it provided a cue for Leah to intensify her blow job and hand job. The music prompted me, and presumably also Clarence, to try to control our inevitable ejaculations in accordance with the music. 

This subconscious desire to coincide with the exciting conclusion of the music caused the oral sex to become truly exquisite. As the music became louder and as Leah's mouth and hand intensified in activity, it became extremely difficult to hold back.

Finally the heavy conclusion of music arrived and Clarence's cock erupted in Leah's throat filling her with spurt after spurt of his semen. Leah a genuine lover of the taste of male sperm greedily was swallowing Clarence's cum as she was approaching her own orgasm. Halfway through that concluding refrain of "Bolero", Clarence was done. 

Leah instantaneously let go of Clarence's cock and was able to get my cock into her mouth a nanosecond before I exploded. The reality of being able to consume two different strains of male semen almost simultaneously pushed Leah over the edge and brought on a stars in the sky type of orgasm. The last note of music coincided with the last drop of my sperm entering Leah's throat. I could not marvel enough at our perfect rhythm.

After Leah released my cock from her mouth she grabbed my half finished beer to wash down her feast of our male juices. She gulped down the beer and this made her burp. The burp along with the afterglow of satisfied sex caused Leah to emit a loud fart. 

Totally embarrassed Leah turned beet red in the face and she exclaimed: 

"Oops so sorry that was so unladylike."

Leah had a tendency, which I as her husband had become accustomed to. Occasionally she would fart after sex, not frequently, but occasionally. She was especially prone to emit a fart during or after an especially exquisite orgasm. She later told me that to preserve a good impression with the Browns, that she had been concentrating hard to restrain herself during these sexual activities. She had been successful up to this point, but the euphoria of having been able to ingest sperm from two different males almost simultaneously was too much for her. So ergo the fart.

To our mutual surprise, Clarence, ever the gentleman, took no offence, nor did he smirk. Instead he said:

"Not to worry sweetheart, your noise is just natural. Here let me fix you up."

He then positioned Leah flat unto her stomach on the carpeted floor. Clarence then tapped the back of her legs indicating he wanted her to raise her ass up in the air so that she was resting on her knees with her head on the floor. As Leah complied Clarence parted her legs wider and proceeded to lick the crack of her butt as well as her anus.

The surprise unexpected tonguing of her ass brought a huge smile to Leah's face. Following so quickly from her ingestion of our male fluids Leah could not help but blurt out: 

"Oh God Clarence is this good! Oh shit this is so fucking good. Yeah suck my ass! Kiss my ass hole! Oh what a tongue. You are driving me crazy. Oh what a tongue. God is this so fucking good!" 

Then all of a sudden she screamed: 

"Oh fuck! Oh shit! Oh fuck! Oh shit! I am cumming! I am cumming! I can't stand it!"

Her knees gave out and she collapsed to the floor. Leah then rolled over to her back and started kicking her legs up in the air ostensibly to relieve the tension. I got to hand it to Clarence I had never seen Leah before come to an orgasm simply by having her ass reamed.

As soon as Leah stopped shaking and calmed down, she scrambled to her feet. She then went to the bathroom and came back with a jar of Vaseline in her hand. She handed the jar to Clarence and said: 

"Great job big boy. As a reward my ass is yours"

Then she said:

"OK boys let's retire to the bedroom." 

So we all trooped into the master bedroom and Clarence dutifully started to lubricate his massive black cock. I got on to our king size water bed and stretched out on my back. Leah next got on the bed and impaled herself on my now stiff cock. She then started the familiar standard pumping action of woman on top missionary position. As Leah was moving I cupped one of her big heaving tits and placed my mouth on the nipple to suck and slurp on it. 

We both became aware when Clarence got onto the bed and we immediately ceased our movements to allow Clarence access to Leah's ass. I could sense when Clarence entered Leah's anus by the sudden blast of heavy breath expelled from her lungs. Her face contorted to a painful grimace as it became obvious to me that Clarence's huge penis was stretching her sphincter muscles almost beyond endurance. Leah was determined not to display pain and especially not to scream, but she did whimper as a result of the assault on her ass.

Clarence, still the gentleman, slowly eased his cock along Leah's rear end canal. He stopped momentarily when his cock was fully submerged and his pubic hair was tickling Leah's ass cheeks. After what seemed like an interminable length of stillness, Leah expelled another huge breath of air and started her pumping action. Soon we were all three fucking with abandon as our tempo became faster & faster. Leah's expression quickly changed from grim to ecstasy. 

Soon Leah started to chant her orgasmic ritual: 

"Oh God you boys are good! So good! Oh love your cocks in me! Yes! Yes fuck me Tom! Fuck my ass Clarence! Oh so good! Don't stop! Don't you dare stop! Keep fucking me boys! Oh your cocks feel so good! Your cocks are oh so lovely! I need your cocks! Keep fucking! Don't stop! Fuck me Tom! Shove that black cock up my ass Clarence! Rip my ass apart!. Oh you boys are so good! Don't stop...."

As Leah's breathing became more rapid and her cries became more intensive it had an effect on me. Normally I am of the quiet type during sex but spurred by Leah's exclamations I could not help it but be compelled to verbally express my sensations. 

Thus I uttered: 

"Yes! Oh yes Leah! You're so lovely! You're so beautiful! You're so sexy! Your cunt's so warm! Your cunt feels so good around my cock!" 

Finally even Clarence had to contribute so he shouted:

"Take my cock you white slut! Move that ass! Take all of my black cock...." 

These involuntary and contemporaneous utterances had the predictable consequence of bringing about concurrent orgasms of the utmost intensity. When I started to spurt my seed into Leah's cunt I had such an overwhelming sensation of power and ecstasy sweep through my brain. As a result of my thoughts my cock remained hard for quite awhile in Leah's cunt after the last spurt of cum had left my prick. 

Likewise Clarence was immobilized after his ejaculation and remained in her ass for some time. However once Clarence did withdraw his cock from her ass Leah let out yet again an extremely loud fart. This time though instead of blushing Leah started laughing and both Clarence and I joined in her laughter. It was becoming evident that Leah's farts were signs indicating achievement of great sexual satisfaction.

We stopped for a bite to eat and then resumed continuous fucking on the bed. Now it has been said that the peak of male sexual prowess is reached at age 18 and thereafter a man's potency relentlessly diminishes as time goes on. 

I must say as both Clarence and I were in our late twenties, we had not yet lost much of our youthful stamina and vigor. Certainly any such loss was not discernable to Leah. With relatively little time needed to recover from each ejaculation, we fucked her continuously and virtually non stop for nine hours.

Admittedly only the first two hours of this marathon consisted of double penetrations of various kinds and various positions. The last seven hours were one-on-one fucking as we men took turns resting between fucks. In any case Leah after our dinner was sexually active for nine straight hours and thus ended up as soundly fucked as any lady could imagine with only two guys.

Now one thing especially nice about this threesome being at our place instead of at the Browns was that there was no hard deadline to the end of the session the next morning. Thus for our farewell morning fuck there was no urgency to end it at a certain time so we could have a relaxed fuck. 

Our final fuck was a double penetration that had not yet been tried. I was flat on my back penetrating Leah's ass, who was thus lying on top of me, with the heels of her feet resting on my thighs. Clarence then completed the sandwich by fucking Leah in the basic missionary position. This proved a little awkward but once we got into sync we managed a most enjoyable fuck ending with adequate orgasms all around. The irony was that although we had no hard time to end it we actually did finish before 8:00 AM the deadline that was in force when we were at the Browns.