 To recap this series: my wife Leah, a nurse at a major hospital in Detroit, struck up a friendship with a co-worker, a black nurse named Octavia Brown. Octavia introduced her husband Clarence to Leah, and suggested we swap spouses for an interracial fuck fest. 

So the Browns came over to our apartment on a Saturday night and I was able to fuck my first black female, the delectable Octavia. My wife Leah, likewise, enjoyed her first black cock, namely the stud Clarence Brown.

As our wife swapping sex proved to be a great success, everyone was eager to continue our orgies on a regular and frequent basis. However Octavia had two little boys, 5 and 3 years old respectively. She did not want to participate in orgies with her kids in the same house. Her mother, who babysat the kids when Octavia had to work, refused to baby sit on social occasions more than once a month. 

So to fill in the gaps between the times Octavia's mother was available to take care of the boys, it was decided to schedule threesomes. We would each take a turn looking after Octavia's kids to allow the other three to fuck to their heart's content. We drew lots to determine the order of baby-sitting and as luck would have it, I was the one who sat out the first threesome. My wife Leah was able to fill me in on the happenings of such first session.

The threesomes were scheduled by our wives to coincide with their work schedules. As Clarence was a self employed realtor, and I was a graduate student at Wayne State, we men were flexible as to the timing. Luckily our wives had somewhat identical work schedules so that it turned out to be feasible to schedule the threesomes basically a week, more or less apart. 

Our initial wife swapping was on a Saturday night and the initial threesome was the following Sunday eight days later. The next threesome being the first one I would participate in occurred 10 days later the Wednesday of the next week.

When finally that day arrived Leah drove me to the Brown's residence and as she was scheduled to be the one to sit out, picked up Octavia's boys to take them back to our residence. It was stipulated that Leah would not return with the boys until 8:00 o'clock the next morning to allow for the possibility of a last minute morning fuck should that be desired. 

Once Leah was gone I gave Octavia a welcoming hug and a long lingering kiss. She eventually broke off our kiss with a smile and laughed:

"Don't be in such a hurry Tom, you will have all the pussy and ass action from me that you can handle, but first let us show you our home." 

I shook Clarence's hand and noticed his smiling face. I saw that he was not the least bit jealous, but instead seemed proud that I found his wife attractive.

Octavia certainly is a gorgeous specimen of womankind. She is nearly 6' tall just about my height. Her skin color is dark chocolate enhancing her attractive Afican-American features. Octavia is so good looking such that everyone, no matter the sex or sexual orientation, would smile upon seeing her. Her tits are big but proportionate to her big body. It looks like she is 40" D cup as comparable to Leah's 40" double D cup but Leah is only 5'8" tall.

Octavia has killer legs, long and solid that you just love to intertwine with. Her ass is something else! Being an ass man just the sight of her round ass quivering automatically starts my juices flowing. As for Clarence he is a truly good looking man, and with Octavia represents without a doubt the best looking Black couple I had ever set my eyes on.

The tour of the Browns' home was not long but sufficient enough to impress me for its spaciousness and friendliness. I would imagine with the exception of the boys' rooms the Browns would feel comfortable in having sex anywhere in the house. I noticed the king size bed in the master bedroom was already prepped for the orgy as the bed covers were absent leaving only the pillows and sheets. During the tour the Browns shaded the windows no doubt to prevent any prying eyes from seeing the activities about to occur. The tour ended in the large living room where a bed sheet had been place on top of the carpet in front of the sofa.

As the sole female, Octavia just naturally, it seemed to me, took charge of the situation, and gestured us men to sit on the sofa. 

Octavia said: 

"I thought you boys would first like to see what you are going to enjoy for the next several hours." 

As the shades were drawn the room was relatively dark despite the afternoon hour so Octavia turned on the lights. She fetched a wooden chair from the kitchen and positioned it in front of us sitting on the sofa. Then she turned on the CD player and I found out later that what we heard was a CD she had burned off the internet featuring music appropriate to strip tease and exotic dancing. With this music Octavia started the sexiest strip tease dance I had ever witnessed.

Now I have seen my share of exotic and lap dancing in bars, but I could sense the lack of genuine excitement in the countenance of professional exotic dancers. For them it is a job, and as exciting it might be to see a naked woman dancing, one can not help but be aware of the general bored attitude exuded by the professionals. Since Octavia knew she would be fucking the audience she was dancing for, she naturally had a different mindset. Her genuine enthusiasm for her dancing was self evident to Clarence and me so that as a consequence, we became hornier and hornier. 

As the music started Octavia kicked off her sandals straight away. As she bumped and grinded she unbuttoned her frilly white blouse. Then Octavia slithered out of the blouse and tossed it to the corner of the room. Next to be removed was her black skirt which was also tossed to the corner of the room. Octavia now was down to her beige slip. 

As the music stopped for a moment she wriggled her shoulders so that straps of the slip moved to her arms and she freed her arms from the slip to allow the top of the slip to hang down at her waist. As the music resumed, her twisting dance movements with assistance from her hands forced the slip to fall down to her ankles. She stepped out of the slip and kicked the garment out of the way.

During the next sequence Octavia managed to roll down her panty hose off her waist, hips and ass. Then she promptly sat down on the chair and raised her legs up in the air. Swaying to the music she proceeded to roll down her hose off her body, and also tossed it away. Octavia was now down to only her bright red bra and panties. 

The bright red color of her lingerie contrasting with her dark skin provided an alluring visible appeal. It was time for Octavia's lap dancing portion of her exhibition. While on Clarence's lap, he deftly unhooked her bra and thereby unleashed her magnificent tits. Thus, when Octavia was on my lap I had a free hand to handle those delicious jugs. 

Now the only clothes left for Octavia were her panties. She twirled around the sofa and circled us. Then she came to a stop in front with her back to us. She tantalizingly lowered her panties to expose her perfect round ass. In rhythm with the music Octavia wiggled the cheeks of her ass in sequence causing my mouth to drool. Then she turned around and lowered her panties to reveal her gorgeous pubes. She wiggled her panties off her legs, and tossed them away as well. 

Completely nude, she spread her legs still standing, and raised her hands into the air saying: 

"Come and get it boys." 

We did not need a second invitation of course, but Clarence was quicker off the mark then me. He immediately got his knees down to the floor in front of the standing Octavia and commenced licking her. As his tongue entered her cunt I finally moved off the couch. As Clarence had claimed Octavia's twat I was left with her ass.

So I got to my knees behind her, and started licking the crack of her ass. With my hands holding onto her hips I started the tantalizing exploration of her butt. I tasted some salty sweat that had accumulated throughout her crack from the exertion of her dance. The smells emanating from her body was exquisite, truly enhancing my enjoyment of licking her ass.

As both of her holes were being serviced by the male tongues, Octavia let out a satisfying sigh, and started moaning. She placed one hand on the back of Clarence's head and the other behind my head. 

She started shaking and crying out: 

"Yes! Yes! Oh that's so good! Yes eat me baby! I can't stand it! Don't stop! Eat me good baby! Oh Yes! Lick my ass! Get it into my hole dear! Yes kiss it! Kiss my ass! Kiss my ass!" 

As our tonguing intensified Octavia was becoming more vocal. As my tongue entered her ass hole the opening gaped larger permitting greater access. Finally Octavia could stand it no longer as she screamed: 

"Oh God I am cumming! Oh my fucking God! You boys are so good! So good!"

Her orgasm was the most intensive that I have ever participated with any woman. Both Clarence & I continued our tongue actions during her screaming orgasm which caused her to shake even more. Finally it was over as Octavia extremely weakened by her orgasm sank to her knees ending up with hands around each of us to prevent her from totally collapsing. 

However, she quickly recovered, and observed:

"Boys I am the only one naked. I think it is time for me to see and touch your magnificent cocks."

Clarence and I undressed just under the speed of light. When we were naked we ended up standing and Octavia kneeling down reached for each cock. She stroked each prick simultaneously ever so slowly.

She chanted a sexual mantra:

"Oh what beautiful cocks! Oh so soft! So smooth! Oh so big! Soon it will be in my pussy!"

That last bit was said while she was directly looking at Clarence's cock. Turning to my cock she said: 

"Soon it will be in my ass!" 

Then she continued:

"Oh I can't wait! Oh these lovely cocks will make me feel so good! So fucking good!". 

Although I would concede Clarence has a bigger male package, I had by now gotten over my tredidation of feeling inadequate compared to him. I knew that my cock, with proper skill on my part, would be just as great a source of satisfaction for this gorgeous woman.  Without letting go of either of our cocks Octavia got up and said:

"Enough of this! Lets fuck!" 

Octavia headed for the bedroom, and as she had a hold of our pricks we hopped along. Once we were in the bedroom she let go of Clarence, and gestured to him to get into the bed. She then led me by my cock to the adjoining bathroom and pointed to the jar of Vaseline on the counter. I had no problem in deducing what she wanted me to do.

Clarence in the meantime was flat on his back on the bed as Octavia returned to the room. She immediately got on top of Clarence and without further ado slowly lowering her cunt surrounding his shaft. Once his cock was fully in her she lowered her body so that her breasts were within easy reach of Clarence's mouth, and he promptly started sucking on a boob. By the time Octavia had pumped once along Clarence's cock I was fully lubricated with the Vaseline and got on the bed.

As soon as Octavia realized I was on the bed she said: 

"Just put it in slowly baby. Please be gentle. Please don't hurt me. I'm a little sesitive there." 

I entered her anus while her cunt had Clarence's cock completely inside. As she was becoming doubly penetrated, Octavia said:

"Oh Tom you are so big you are filling me up!Please slowly! Yes that's it, nice and easy. Just keep pushing but gently. Get that beautiful cock of yours completely inside."

Once I had my cock completely up her ass, Octavia said: 

"Wait boys don't do anything yet. Let me catch my breath."

I realized Octavia was trying to calm herself down having two big cocks inside her but I also sensed she would soon be wanting some rough action. After some moments when all of us had been motionless except for Clarence sucking on one of Octavia's tits, she said:

"OK boys lets go!"

Suiting words to action she started pumping on Clarence's cock. I also started moving my cock inside her ass. At first I was out of sync with my movements, but soon I got the hang of it, and we established a perfect rhythm. As Octavia was moving down to let Clarence's cock get fully into her cunt, I was simultaneously withdrawing my cock from her ass.

Then as she moved up to let Clarence's cock withdraw from her cunt, my cock would be entering fully into her ass. Octavia was able to move so efficiently in this double penetration, that I almost did not have a thing to do but just enjoy my cock moving up and down her ass. 

This double penetration fucking obviously was to Octavia's liking as she became very vocal again: 

"Oh boys you are so good! Oh you are so big! Fuck me boys! Really fuck me boys! Shoot that cum inside me! I want it! I need your cum!"

Our cocks were moving faster and faster until Octavia could stand it no more. She yelled out her loudest scream of the night: 

"I'm cumming! I'm cumming! This is good! Oh God is this fucking good! Oh shit is this so fucking good!" 

Her words triggered my cock and I erupted. Load after load of cum from me shot up her ass. I could not believe I had this much sperm in me. As I was still ejaculating the amount of sperm I had already expelled started dribbling out of her ass and running down her thighs. In the meantime I could sense from his breathing that Clarence although not vocal was also squirting inside Octavia. 

We soon disengaged our bodies but the sex was so overwhelming, that for soothing relief I mouthed one of Octavia's large nipples and started sucking it as she ended up flat on her back. Clarence followed suit on the other nipple and in this way we all finally calmed down and regained composure.

We stopped for some dinner. Basically as sex was the main purpose we all were satisfied with some sandwiches and beer and then we resumed. The rest of the night consisted of fucking one on one as Clarence and I took turns screwing Octavia. This method allowed Clarence and I to have a rest between fucks to recover for the next fuck. Thus to the delight of Octavia she was able to being continuously serviced for several hours. I eventually fell asleep, but I do not know when. I think as I fell asleep Clarence was fucking his wife for the umpteenth time.

I woke up the next morning by a pleasant sensation. Octavia'a mouth was on my cock sucking away. As I opened my eyes I noticed as Octavia was giving me a blow job Clarence was fucking her doggy style. Octavia was positioned at a 45 degree angle to me so thus while she was sucking on my cock I was able to reach over and fondle her big jugs. As I ejaculated into Octavia's mouth and Clarence was also squirting, I noticed the time was 7:55 o'clock. 

Our session ended with a bang right on time.