 The Worm Turns

Intro:

As you remember in the last saga my husband had begged me to turn him into a cuckold. As things turned out I found out that he wanted to see me fucking other men, and not just any men, but black men with big black cocks. It was a torturous decision for me, but as I loved Billy so much I finally made contact with a black man on Billy’s favorite adult web page, and ended up making a date with Jamul M. Washington that lasted the whole weekend. And that weekend my husband, dressed in a sissy French Maid’s costume became my favorite cuckold, and I in return became his favorite dirty white married slut for black cock. 

In fact I became so enamored with Jamul’s loving, and his big black cock, (BTW; You’ll probably see the words big, black, and cock quite often from here on in.) as well as his wit that when Jamul suggested getting a few of his black friends together to gang bang me I instantly agreed. Of course the problem, (And isn’t there always a problem?), that came up was in timing the get together so that all of the participants were available at the same time, including me, and Billy. As things worked out it took almost three months for Jamul to make it all come together. By then Billy’s feminization had become a fait accompli. Not that we’d given him great big boobs, but they were more than a “B” cup, and his hips, and derriere had taken a decidedly feminine swish, as well as a subtle tight roundness to it. His body hair was all but gone now, and the hair on his head long enough to put up in curlers, or a bun. The only thing he had left to remind him that he was a male was his dinky dingy now, and we called it his over grown clit.

But best of all was that our marriage was as tight knit now as it had been before the transformation. I loved having Billy call me Mistress, and Jamul Master when he was over our house, and having my own personal cute little love slave to do all the menial tasks around the house is a housewife’s dream come true. In fact I no longer wiped myself after peeing, preferring to have my own living bidet take care of that. And not having to lower the toilet seat anymore was a fantasy come true. My only real problem in life at this point was that I started to get sick every morning…

************

“Congratulations, Jill,” Doctor Parday trumpeted as he joined me back in his office after my examination, “you’re pregnant!”

I was in shock, but I had to ask; “How long?”

“Well, I’m just guessing, but I’d say six weeks worth.”

She went on for close to a half an hour telling me such things like that I should quit drinking liquor, and stop smoking if I did, as well as a few minor changes that I would have to deal with in the near future. But that I could still have sex was one of the bigger pluses as far as I was concerned. The fact that I hadn’t had any real sex with Billy in over two months didn’t even enter the equation as far as I was concerned. Billy was, and would remain my cuckolded husband even if it meant that he’d also be relegated to becoming a Nanny for my checkerboard bastard babies as well. Fortunately, or at least as far as Billy was concerned, my husband was nothing if not excited about the news, and I loved him all over again for it. I even gave him sloppy fourths the next time Jamul visited our house, and with some great news.

“It looks like everything is a go for the gang bang next weekend,” Jamul smiled down at me as he continued to pump his big black cock deeply in and out of my well oiled fuck funnel with Billy jerking off next to us in his maid’s outfit. “That is if you two are also free?”

Suddenly I was very nervous, and exited both. I had been waiting to be with Jamul in person to break the news to him about my little bun in the oven, and wasn’t exactly sure how he’d take it. After all, the baby could only be his as well as mine since he was the only man fucking me. We hadn’t talked about my getting pregnant by him, but I knew him only as a caring man thus far, and that mostly on weekends.

“What do you think of Billy becoming a nanny?” I suddenly blurted out.

Jamul’s pumping stopped in mid stroke, and I nearly fainted in anxiety as I waited for a reply.

“Is it mine?” Jamul finally asked, and eased back down into my clutching pussy. He still stretched me out, but it was much more comfortable now.

“It has to be,” I replied, staring back at him as my bottom fidgeted wanting more.

“And how do you feel about being the breeding stock of black men?” His hips began to churn grinding our pubic bones together as he stirred my seething cauldron now while continuing to pump in and out of me.

“I hadn’t really thought of it in that way,” I reflected, my hips rotating countering to meet his movements below, “but I think it’s wickedly perverse, and obscenely perfect.”

“Wait until you see the doctor’s, and nurses faces in the delivery room,” he chuckled.

“I know,” and I felt myself blushing beet red with anticipated humiliation knowing what fait laid ahead of me.

“Knocked up by a Nigger,” they’ll say,” and his hips became even more animated then, “and what about the sissy? How does he feel about it?” And Jamul turned his head towards Billy who had stained his petticoats once already but was still hard, and still jerking off standing right next to the bed we were fucking in, our marriage bed.

“I… I think… it’s great,” Billy groaned as his big clitty began to spurt out against his petticoats once again.

“I guess that settles it then,” Jamul laughed, then threw a vicious hip wrenching plunge burying every inch of his mammoth slab of meat into my pulsing core, and giving my unborn child a sperm bath to play around in. “We’re pregnant!”

Jamul couldn’t get enough. He fucked me in every hole I owned, and even came all over the front of me once before I passed out in total exhaustion around daybreak. And as my eye lids slowly closed the last thing I saw was Jamul bending Billy roughly over the end of the bed, and lining his still hard cock up with my husband’s tight white puckered little asshole. It was a first, but I just couldn’t keep my eyes open to watch.

When I awoke around two in the afternoon my own ass was full of Jamul’s cock with him spooned up behind me. The smell of sausage, and flapjacks nauseating me to the point that I had to jump out of bed, and run for the bathroom nearly shitting myself in the process, and even though I didn’t show, I felt like such a cow that I was sure I was lactating. Even though that was hardly possible, yet. It was just one of those things that Doctor Parday had warned me about happening as my body went through its transfiguration.

“What should I wear to the gang bang?” I asked playing with the food on my plate as Jamul wolfed down a stack of pancakes, and sausage links.

“Not much unless you want to end up in rags,” he chuckled, “probably a pair of thigh highs, and high heels. Oh, and maybe go heavy on the makeup, too. My buddies already think that you’re my whore so they’ll be expecting you to act like one.”

“Just so they aren’t too ruff,” I squeaked out, then lurched for the bathroom again.

************

The whole week I was a nervous bundle of anxiety constantly playing with myself just thinking about Jamul and his friends all taking me together in my husband’s bed. Thankfully the morning sickness wasn’t as bad, and getting better each day. So that by Friday afternoon I was more ready than Billy. I’d vied for Jamul’s suggestion to wear black thigh highs with an elastic top, and high heels for both Billy, and myself. Adding see through matching black bed jackets that open in front with short sleeves, and that only came down to mid hip hiding nothing. The jacket as more like gift wrapping than anything else plainly showed which sex each of us really was as Billy was looking more like a woman than some that I went to college with. 

I took some extra time on my make-up, and nails, but truth be told, my pussy was dripping in heat the moment that I woke up, and I waxed my legs up to my armpits in the shower in preparation for the evening’s pleasure. I was so hot that I had to have Billy lick up the excess throughout the entire day, which worked out great as I got to dye his hair the same color as mine, and put both of our hair up in a tight bun. I’m a natural redhead, but it looks more like strawberry blond than a deep red/orange. Billy took time then to set up the video cameras. And by the time Jamul knocked at our front door we looked like dissimilar matching bookends.

“Wow!” Jamul gasped. “You two look…”

“Fuckable?” I finished for him.

“Oh yeah, baby,” and he grabbed my ass to pull me in close, “and so much more.”

His tongue set the embers burning stoking my fiery lust once again. His hands massaging my rear as if it were baker’s dough before he shoved a finger into my seething cauldron from behind turned on my detonators. And I was instantly transported into the orgasm dimension as the living room filled with the scent of my heat.

“Easy baby,” Jamul snickered, “save it for my friends. They’ve each paid a hundred bucks for this party, and they wouldn’t take kindly to my messing in their briar patch, if you get my drift.”

I shivered in masochistic humiliation realizing then that Jamul had actually pimped me out to his friends as if I were his knocked up whore. And what did that say about Billy if I was Jamul’s whore? One look at Billy playing with himself told me all I needed to know.

“You’ll love these guys,” Jamul continued, “we were all on the same football team back in high school, and they all still work out regularly. Sam, and Pete are twins who keep their heads shaved like me, and played tight ends. Little Jimmy is built like a skyscraper, and sports a trim beard, he played full back. Spike, and Hammer played halfbacks, but you won’t have to worry about them, they’re here for the sissy.”

I smiled over at Billy’s shocked face as he realized that he’d been pimped out too. But there was no time for either of us to be concerned over that triviality as the front door bell rang right then, and Jamul said; “Show time!”

Jamul answered the door, then held it open as a tall mountain made of iron graphite bent down to enter my home, little Jimmy I presumed. He was followed closely by the matching tight ends that could still have played for Green Bay, with Spike, and Hammer right behind them. We were immediately intimidated as our house was invaded by these huge muscular black men. Already I was shivering in sexual anticipation, and one look over at Billy’s erect oversized imitation clitty told me all I needed to know about how he felt now. 

“Damn Jamul!” Jimmy gasped, and scooped me up in his arms, “You weren’t kidding about how fine she was, were you.” Then looking straight at me: “Baby, you’re in for the treat of your life,” and his thick lips touched mine so that I was swallowed up in his kiss. One hand cradling my ass, the other now fondling my breasts, he carried me up the stairs to the master bedroom with the twins, and Jamul with a camcorder close behind us.

Laying me down on the bed, our lips still together, his tongue dueling with mine, I barely heard the faint rustling of fabric as his hands left my body so that Jimmy could get undressed. As it was, Jimmy’s flesh was as black as the inside of a coal miner’s asshole, and I was amazed at the contrast of my hands against his rippling chest when he finally broke the kiss. Our eyes locked as he moved down between my spread thighs to kiss and lick my other lips.

Instantly I was transported, lifted up onto a cloudy euphoria of bliss as two more sets of thick black lips began to suckle at my breasts while Jimmy ate my pussy with a tongue that was truly magical. My white body immediately began undulating as I drowned in a sea of black men fondling, and kissing, and sucking at my over heated white flesh. One mini orgasm after another assaulting my body, and my mind as three strange black men had their way with me as the center of their attention. 

It was like being center ring at a three-ring sex circus with nobody performing in the other two rings. I was on a constant roller coaster ride of bliss, and I had yet to even feel any of their cocks. A quick look to the side showed me that Jamul was being very attentive to the video cameras taping everything that was going on on my marriage bed. And so with just their lips, tongues, and fingers vying for my full attention I just gave myself over to each sensual moment.

All too soon I felt myself suspended up in the air, and spread eagled as I was gently lowered down onto the towering black pole sticking out of Jimmy’s pubic thatch. The massive ebony head prying my vagina wide open as it penetrated deep into my center of being stretching the very fibers that held me together. And as my ass settled down, my pussy swallowing that throbbing meat club, I knew that I had almost reached the limit of my elasticity down there.

“Uhn,” I moaned as that cock head nudged up against the entrance to my womb.

“That’s one,” Jimmy said smiling up at me. My pussy going into liquid meltdown as I shivered holding back an orgasm from just having all of that black cock in my pussy.

“Here comes number two,” Sam said moving up behind me as Jimmy pulled my upper body down holding me tight against him as he kissed me once again.

I felt something cool against my anus as my buttocks where pried apart, then a finger spread that cool substance even invading my anal canal in the process. I couldn’t help squirming my ass back at that invader as I tried to fuck Jimmy at the same time. And then the finger pulled out as something much bigger traded places, and tried to enter my asshole.

I screamed into Jimmy’s kiss as something that felt like a fist slowly entered my greased up shit hole while another equally large battering ram already stretched my pussy out to the size of the Grand Canyon. Or at least if sure felt that way to me. The intense pain slowly subsiding after Sam’s dick was all the way up my ass, and he held still to give me time to get accustomed to it.

“That’s two,” Sam cooed in my left ear when Jimmy released me.

“Here’s number three,” Pete said.

I turned my head, and looked square in the face of yet another big black cock. It was semi erect, and uncircumcised, with the foreskin looking like the chewed up end of a nasty old cigar. And in as much as I was feeling pretty nasty at that moment what with all that other big black cock stretching me out below I opened my mouth to let it in.

My pussy was creaming big time by then as both men in my bottom set up a rhythmic in, and out dance that had me feeling as if one never ending dick was fucking me down there. The taste of the cock in my mouth while slightly cheesy wasn’t all that bad gliding over my tongue, but it made me gag every time it went down my throat until I got used to swallowing along with it.

To say that I felt sluttish at that moment would be an understatement. I was a complete whore for these men, and we all knew it. And I immediately began to lurch to, and fro between those three big black dicks as I flew over the first peak into the deep wide open bottomless pit of multiple orgasms. My body bucking, and tossing like a lifeboat in a storm tossed sea as they fucked me into oblivion time and time again, changing holes like musical chairs, and cuming in, or on me wherever they chose. In effect using me as they wished, and I wanted, and believe me, I wanted.

I lost count of how many times I came, and gave up counting their climaxes long before that. Time elongated itself, then collapsed like a sun going Super Nova as I at last passed out in shear blissful exhaustion coated from head to toe, and leaking scum out of every warped opening I now owned.

I woke up feeling like the underside of a school desk lined with stale used chewing gum. A quick look around, and I knew I was alone, a wet spot on the bed linen of my life. I heard voices laughing downstairs so I got up out of bed, and suddenly froze in front of my full-length mirror. The sight of myself covered in slime like an aphrodisiac shotguned to my senses. Jamul had been right about the stockings, they had more runs in them than the California Highway System. And my hair looked like it had been dipped in hair cream was still thankfully in a tight bun, but the bed jacket like my nylons was trashed, so I shrugged out of it before going down to join the crowd. The last sight being the sleazy cum coated smile on my face as I departed the bedroom.

I found everybody in the living room sitting drinking beers as they watched or helped deflower Billy. Who at the moment was down on all fours with a big black cock fucking him from both ends. Hardly surprising except that the two big black cocks were owned by Sam, and Pete, and didn’t belong to Spike, or Hammer. Two of the same three big black cocks that had been fucking me up in our bedroom. A puddle of sperm between Billy’s knees coagulating on the carpet was partly his, and partly from those who had fucked his ass. And seeing Billy’s asshole stretched out that way, and as disheveled as I looked in the mirror gave me the shivers reminding me what my asshole must have looked like when they were in me.

“Here’s the party ho now!” Jamul announced my presence without moving from his camera.

Jimmy jumped out of his chair, and handed me a towel that I used to wipe down the front of me. Then spooned up behind me rubbing his dick against my crack as his hands went around my front to fondle my tits, and diddle my pussy as we both watched Billy getting double shafted.

I had never really thought of myself as being a voyeur, but watching my lovely, recently converted, She/male husband getting fucked as Jimmy slipped his big black dick into my pussy once again was a real turn on.

“I hope you don’t mind,” Jimmy said, “but when Pete, and Sam saw how beautiful your husband Billy was, they just couldn’t help sticking their dicks in him. I don’t think that either of them have done it with a guy before, but she… he… well it just don’t look like no guy.”

“I understand,” I said.

And truthfully, I did understand. Billy was quite beautiful for a woman, even with that dinky little dick, and shriveled walnuts between his legs. His feminization was now complete. It’s funny how life turns out sometimes. This had all started because Billy had begged me to fuck other men so that he could enjoy watching, and here I was enjoying watching him get fucked by other men.

“In fact,” I continued, “I think we should all just get it on together down on the floor with them.”

And with that said, I moved to join the threesome forcing Jimmy to follow right behind. His cock never leaving my pussy in the process I was soon down on all fours head to tail next to Billy.

“Okay,” Jamul directed, “you guys heard her. Let’s give these two sluts all the black cock they can handle.”

An instant later Spike was shoving his dick in my face. The slight scent of asshole to it told me where it had last fucked Billy. Still, I opened my mouth, and Spike shoveled it in.

“Damn baby!” Spike howled, “You suck dick better than your sissy husband. We may need more cock for this slut Jamul.”

“I’ve got a Doberman at home,” Hammer chuckled, “he’ll fuck anything.”

“She’s not one of your strays, Hammer,” Jamul barked back. “If you don’t fancy her, then use her husband, but that’s all. Got it?”

“Yeah, yeah, I got it,” and as Pete filled Billy’s cute round rear with his next load, and pulled out, Hammer took his place. But I could see by his mischievous smirk that he still considered me a bitch in heat candidate to breed with his pet, and I came just from the humiliating thought of what he had intended I should become.

The rest of the night became a blur as one black cock after another shanked both Billy and I in ever hole we owned. A similar puddle of slime gathering between my knees as the party progressed into the late hours of the night. To be honest, I can’t remember a moment that some big black cock wasn’t in me after I joined everyone down in the living room. I came so often that I was almost in a constant state of orgasmic bliss the whole time they were in our house. And I was still glowing an hour after they all left, wallowing in a puddle of their combined scum.
