 My wife, Sara, and I were in Seattle for our anniversary. We had spent the day sightseeing around town and mostly just relaxing. When we had gotten back to the hotel we decided it was still early and so hit up the hotel bar. A few cocktails later and Sara was really starting to feel the effects of the alcohol. I got up to leave and upon returning found her flirting with a group of guys. There were three of them. All looked to be in their early 20s and fit. And they were all very into my wife. Sara was 30. She was in good shape as she loved to run in marathons and really just on a daily basis. She had 34B tits and a nice firm ass. We had swung with other couples before but not often. She knew I loved watching her get fucked. As soon as I got back to the table I could tell that Sara was very horny flirting with these guys. I joined in on the conversation. After a few minutes Sara unexpectedly invited the guys up to our room for a bottle of champagne, the bottle we had brought with us to celebrate our anniversary. 

I told the guys to give a few minutes and practically dragged my wife to the elevator and up to our room, the whole way begging to know what she was planning to do. Finally when we got to our room she told me she needed a release and planned on fucking them. She wanted me to sit and watch but she needed to be a slut that night. She instructed me to sit in the chair in the room and just watch, without saying anything once the guys got there. It wasn't what I had wanted for the night but I agreed, seeing as how I do love to watch her fuck. Once I had given my approval and sat down she giddily cleaned up the room quickly and then to my surprise stripped naked and put on a robe.

After what seemed like an eternity there was finally a knock at the door. I watched my sexy wife prance to the door and greet the three guys with open arms. They were pretty surprised to see that she had changed. I could tell they were all nervous and didn't quite know what to expect. They stepped in and I finally got a good look at them.

The first one was Adam. He was about 6'2", real muscular, and had a beard. Next was Steven who was about 5'10", athletic, and clean shaven. Lastly there was Jaxon. Jaxon was probably 6'0", also very muscular and clean shaven. All three were white and looked like they spent a ton of time at the gym. 

None of the guys really knew what to do once inside the room. It was a suite so plenty of room. Sara opened the bottle of champagne and poured everyone a glass. They drank and flirted some more. The guys finished theirs quickly and put the glasses down. Sara decided that now was the time I guess. She chugged her glass of champagne as if in an act of encouragement and set the glass down on the table behind her. She turned back around to face the guys and quickly blurted out that she wanted to fuck all three of them. They were speechless. Sara, not wanting to lose her courage dropped her robe revealing her body to them and immediately fell to her knees. She started rubbing their cocks through their pants and looked up at the guys stating, "I want to be a slut tonight. I want you to treat me like a whore and fuck me anyway you want, as much as you want."

They all looked at me seeking approval. I simply nodded a yes to them. It took just a minute before they were all naked in their own rights, standing above my eager wife waiting for her prizes. Sara took Adam and Jaxon's cocks in her hands and slowly started stroking them. Admiring the cocks and bodies in front of her. Adam had an 8" cock that was of average girth. Jaxon was also 8" but pretty thick. Steven had a 6" cock that stood at full attention directly in front of Sara. 

While stroking the two cocks on the sides Sara suddenly moved forward and took all of Steven's cock into her mouth in one motion. She started bobbing up and down on it rapidly. It took no time at all before Steven was moaning and then shot his load down my wife's throat. She gulped and swallowed every drop before turning to Jaxon and doing the same to him. He also shot a load into her eager mouth. Adam was next. She sucked him with a desperation for his cum that I don't often see out of my wife. I could tell he was getting close when she pulled it out of her mouth and started stroking it slowly again, just teasing him. 

She asked him to lay on the bed and he did. She leaned over the bed with her ass in the air and started stroking him again. She looked back at Steven and Jaxon and begged one of them to fuck her while she finished off Adam. Steven stepped forward and dropped to his knees to start eating Sara's pussy. She moaned loudly and went back to sucking on Adam's cock. Once Steven was hard again he stood up and spread Sara's legs. I watched on the edge of my seat as he buried his cock balls deep into my wife on the first push. Sara again pulled Adam's cock out of her mouth and moaned deeply as she had her first orgasm while Steven was fucking her steadily. Once the orgasm subsided she went back to work on Adam's cock. 

They kept up a good rhythm until Adam jerked and shot his load up into Sara's mouth. She licked it clean and then looked back at Steven as best she could and started begging him to cum in her slutty pussy. She begged him to fill her up and let her husband see what a slut she truly is. That was enough to push Steven over the edge and he rewarded her with her first load of cum in her pussy.

Jaxon was anxious to get another turn and so laid down on his back and instructed Sara to mount him and ride his cock. She did as she was told and rode him reverse cowgirl. The other two guys got on each side of her and were sucking and playing with her tits. It didn't take Sara long to have another orgasm which drove her down onto Jaxon's cock.

Adam was ready for another turn too. They had Sara turn around to ride Jaxon facing him and bent her over on top of him. Jaxon retrieved the bottle of lube we had brought and poured copious amounts onto his cock and then on her ass. Sara wasn't usually into anal but apparently tonight she was for whatever these guys wanted as she gladly helped him get ready. She stayed in position on Jaxon's cock, bent forward and reached around to spread her ass cheeks for Adam. He positioned his cock up against her tight rosebud and pushed forward. They both moaned and he violated her ass. It took awhile but her finally got his whole cock in her ass. They all just held the position for a little while, letting her get used to the anal fucking.

Once she was ready they both started to slowly fuck up into her holes. She had never had double penetration before so the sensations were all new to her. I listened to her loudly moaning and clearly enjoying everything they were doing to her. They quickened their paces until she was getting fucked hard in both ends. Steven decided he was tired of waiting so climbed up onto the bed. He grabbed the back of Sara's head and turned it to the side to his waiting cock. He held her head in place and started fucking her mouth like it was a pussy. She was getting fucked like a ragdoll now. Sara was the first one to orgasm, an orgasm that seemed to last forever. When she orgasmed and her pussy and ass tightened up it caused both Jaxon and Adam to also cum. Steven just kept pumping his cock into her mouth until he pulled out and shot his cum onto her face.

Sara got up and took a minute to catch her breath. The guys clearly weren't done with her. Adam went to wash off his cock and then came back still erect. Sara climbed on top of him and started slowly riding him. She was exhausted at this point. She rode him for a few minutes until Jaxon was ready to go again. Jaxon got onto the bed behind her and Sara got ready for another round of double penetration. This time, though, instead of her ass Jaxon aimed his cock at her already full pussy and tried to push his cock in with Adam's while Adam held her still. Sara was visibly relieved when Jaxon couldn't get his cock in. Adam pulled out and they lubed up both of their cocks. This time Jaxon and Adam positioned their cock heads at her pussy opening together and pushed up at the same time. After a little work both cocks popped through into her pussy. Sara groaned and begged them to take it easy on her. This was the most she had ever had her pussy stretched. In unison Jaxon and Adam slowly fucked her pussy with both of their cocks. The guttural moans and groans from Sara were indescribable. They fucked her like this for a long time until they decided they weren't going to cum again. They pulled out and let her fall onto the bed.

Steven still not finished, pulled her over to the edge of the bed and spread her legs wide. He unmercifully drove his cock into her ass and fucked her with reckless abandon until he cock was twitched and spewing his cum into her ass. 

With all of them finished and unable to cum anymore they got dressed and left. Thanking her with all of their hearts as they left. When they were gone Sara just laid there in the same position they had left her in. I got up and walked over to her. I could see their cum gushing out of her pussy and ass. I could tell that both her pussy and ass were stretched out like they never had been before. I took my clothes off and bent over to whisper into her ear how hot it was watching her get fucked like that and seeing her let loose. I told her how hard my cock had been this whole time and that she had to take one more load. At that I buried my cock into her ass and steadily fucked into her until I was ready to cum. Right before I came I pulled out and shot my load all over her sexy ass.

Then I helped my sexy wife up and led her to the shower where we washed her off and got ready for bed.