 Cum leaks from my wife's beautiful pussy. I kiss her slim, gorgeous sweaty body. My cock throbs it's so hard. 

The noise in the room has died down but only moments ago it was loud in here. 

It all started over a few glasses of wine with our play friends and the plan for a gangbang was decided upon. 

On the evening of the event, our play friends, a lovely sexy (MF) couple came over for support and to aide with traffic flow. We have a glass of wine and head into the bedroom. We've organised our guys to come at 9pm and to be prompt. As the guys start to roll in, our playmates direct them to the bedroom with a glass of wine or beer. My wife is lying on the bed as hands and lips make it to her beautiful body and she is enjoying being touched. She is aided out of her clothes by a few lusty guys. They in turn do the same. Soon the room is full of hot naked bodies. The wife of our play couple is playing with the guys. Hard cocks are everywhere. A few of the guys take turns in kissing, touching a licking my wife's body. She spreads her beautiful legs as her pussy is licked and sucked by the guys in turns. It's a tantalising sight. I join in the fun also. I kiss my wife passionately as her pussy is licked and her nipples played with. Sometimes I watch and other times I join in. Our playmates are playing their roles diligently, he is helping direct the traffic, monitor the door answer the phone, she is arousing the guys. She's naked and sexy. The guys love her equally. My wife is sucking on hard cocks and playing with shaved balls. There are moans of pleasure coming from all directions. I am stoked. 

My wife directs one guy on top of her as she lays on her back. She spreads her legs and I watch him kiss her and rub his hard cock over her beautiful wet pussy. She moans as it rubs over her clit, wet with saliva and pussy juices. His toned tanned body looks great against my wife. My cock throbs as our playmate, she, comes over and stokes my cock and pushes in behind me. I have a prime viewing position to watch my wife take the first guy.

My wife and the guy moan as his beautiful hard cock slips inside her wet pussy. I watch her been delightfully fucked. 

The guys have been instructed to save up a couple days of mojo and to cum inside my wife. 

As she is being fucked our playmate starts to play with the next guy. My wife sucks a cock as she is being fucked and tugs on another one. Our playmate does the same. Soon she has a cock rubbing against her slit. I see her partner smile as the guy pushes into her and she moans with pleasure. I'm enjoying the new view as well. The room is noisy with the sound of aroused people.

I can see our first guy is close to cuming, he's fucking my wife more rhythmically and with more intent, his moaning intensifies and I watch his dick throb as he fills my wife with his big load of cum. He kisses her then climbs off her. My wife's wet pussy is exposed only for a moment. The next guy pulls his cock out of our playmates pussy and climbs onto my wife and slips his cock into her used pussy. He pushes into her as some cum leaks out. I'm excited. My wife encourages me to bring my cock to her mouth as she is being fucked. Another hard cock replaces the freed-up pussy and guys shuffle around to room to get a better view or touch and play with the girls. The guy fucking my wife has a nice toned body too. A little less tanned than the first. He's fucking with intent. My wife arches her back as he pushes deep inside of her and lets out a loud roar as he blows his load. He pulls out of her dripping pussy and in a moment another guy is pushing into her. While he is fucking her sloppy pussy, I take a turn to fuck our friend. She gladly accepts my hard cock. I fuck her slowly and watch my wife with glee. The beautiful pussy wrapped around my cock feels amazing and I have to pace myself. I don't want to blow yet. 

I exchange positions with another guy and I watch the guy fucking my wife finish by pumping his load deep into her. Another guy takes his place. I kiss and touch my wife. A few more guys take turns pumping my wife and they all end up blowing into her as well. Her pussy is now leaking with many loads of cum. It's so hot to see. Slowly the crowd starts to lessen as guys leave after they've finished. It's been a few hours of my wife taking cock after cock. Only a few guys remain. My wife is on her side now and one of the guys is playing with her beautiful ass while another is pumping her. I offer him some lube and he slowly pushes into her ass. My wife moans and they both fuck her. Soon they're both groaning loudly and they come into her beautiful body at the same time. The last couple of guys replace them and cum in the same ass/pussy positions. Our playmates direct them to the front door and return quickly. 

They kiss my wife and I can see her partner is super horny having watched the girls be fucked for hours. He's keen to take her to our guest room and have some alone time with her. They say their goodbyes and finally the room is quiet and I have my wife to myself again. 

I climb on top of her. She spreads her legs for me and my cock slides over her wet slit. I kiss her passionately and push my cock into her. Her pussy puts up little resistance as I push into her used, sloppy pussy. It feels amazing. I push in deep until my balls slap against her cum soaked ass. Her wet pussy wrapped around my cock. I fuck her slowly trying not to blow my load too quickly. I put my arms around her sweaty body and kiss her. I fuck her deeply until she is on the edge of coming. I let down my guard and fuck her intently as she orgasms all over my cock. I let myself go and soon a massive orgasm is taking me over and my cock explodes deep inside of her. The final load of cum delivered to her beautiful pussy!

We remain in that position and kiss for a while, and I hold her tight and tell her how much I adore and love her. I'm a lucky husband.