 Before the Browns left our first swinging get-together we drew lots using uncooked spaghetti sticks to determine baby-sitting duties for future orgies. As luck would have it I would have to sit out the first session. The remaining order would be Leah, Octavia and finally Clarence. The girls subsequently consulted their work schedules and were able to determine that the first threesome could take place the next Sunday.

It was arranged to start at 2:00 o'clock in the afternoon. I would drop off Leah at the Browns' residence and pick up Octavia's kids and to return them the next (Monday) morning. It was agreed that I would not return with the boys before 8:00 o'clock in the morning to allow time for a quick last minute morning fuck should the parties be so inclined.

As I did not participate in the first threesome I learned of what took place from Leah. She gave the ensuing account while sucking my penis and subsequent fucking which occurred shortly after that session ended. The sex with me as well as the retelling of the events was Leah's way of releasing the sexual tensions acquired from her participation in the threesome. It also eased Leah to return to everyday norm. So the following was Leah's description of what happened as she related to me and so from now on "I" means Leah and not me.

""As Sunday approached I had to give some thought of my appearance. When working with Octavia our nurses' uniforms did a great job in disguising our sex appeal. Thus I was not really aware of how hot Octavia was until the other night when I saw her naked with you Tom. 

Now since I virtually had Clarence to myself I was not intimidated of Octavia's beauty. However now that I was scheduled to share Clarence with Octavia I was somewhat apprehensive. Obviously as Octavia was his wife Clarence was in love with her but I did not want to be overshadowed by their intimacy to each other.

So I thought I needed to be bold to stand out as an equal sex object for the pleasure of Clarence. Being white to Octavia's blackness was the main attraction to our initiation of the swinging in the first place. But I still felt I needed something more to enchant Clarence. 

Now it was obvious that wearing sexy clothes would be useless since we were going to be naked most of the time. Likewise I did not think perfume or cologne would be the answer especially as Octavia was famous for her distinctive fragrance that she invariably wore. So I came to the conclusion my only way to stand out was outlandish use of make-up. 

And so I came up with the idea to apply the color of light green on myself. I picked up at the drugstore two packages of light green hair dye to color not just my head hair but also my pubic hair. To complete the effect I applied light green eye shadow as well as light green finger and toe polish. I was not the complete rebel though as I did not have the nerve to wear light green lipstick.

When I was done I examined myself before our full length mirror. I was satisfied with the effect and I had high hopes. I am fat; there's no getting around that. I am 5'8" tall and weigh 220 lbs and I hate it. Now with clothes I can always wear flattering items that would disguise my weight but when I am naked I cannot hide my stomach, my fat ass or my oversized boobs. So my intent is that with this light green coloring I hope the Browns would be distracted enough so that they can enjoy may lovely persona and not be disgusted with my fat.

So I was dropped off at the Browns' residence at the agreed time. I immediately noticed that my appearance did have the intended consequence. Although both Clarence & Octavia tried to act cool but at the sight of my hair they could not help themselves as they simply gawked at me. Wait till they see my pubic hair that should blow their minds I thought. 

The Browns then gave me a quick tour of their home. As Clarence is a realtor he was able to snag a great house in the better and safest neighborhood in Detroit. As the Browns showed off their rooms they shaded their windows no doubt to ensure privacy from any possible prying eyes of neighbors.

Our tour ended in the kitchen and Clarence offered beer which I readily accepted. Clarence then nonchalantly announced: 

"Well it's time to get naked!" 

He promptly proceeded to strip off all his clothes and threw them in a heap to a corner of the room. 

Clarence is truly a gorgeous black man. He looks just like the actor Dennis Haysbert who played the role of President Palmer in the TV show "24", and is now doing Allsrare commrtcials. I of course love you dearly, Tom, and can not imagine life without you. However if I am going to indulge in extracurricular sex I cannot fantasize a better partner than Clarence. 

As he stepped out of his clothes my eyes riveted at his yummy male appendage. Now Tom you are truly well endowed, and you satisfy earily my needs and desires. However I confess that Clarence's cock is something to drool over. Ebony would be the correct word to describe the color of his manhood, as it is two shades darker or blacker than the rest of his skin. Like Pavlov's dogs my continued staring at Clarence's cock caused great amounts of saliva to accumulate in my mouth as I was getting impatient to wrap my lips around that magnificent tool.

I then saw at the corner of my eye that Octavia had already gotten almost totally naked. No doubt as she was used to the sight of her husband's dick she was not mesmerized to inaction as I was. As I looked at Octavia my self assurance faltered a little as I realized what a knockout of a gorgeous Amazon like woman she is. 

She is tall almost 6 feet with well proportionate breasts. Her nipples are unusually large almost one full inch in length and settled in huge areolas of the darkest brown color imaginable. She had the flattest stomach and a classic hour glass figure. Her pubes though was would take your breath away. Her black pubic hair matched her head hair and gave her a gypsy like appearance despite her naturally normal Afro-American features. Her vaginal lips formed into a perfect camel toe impression that shouts "eat me" and "fuck me". 

Now I know I am not a lesbian –I love cock too much and cannot get enough of it. Nevertheless some women do catch my eye and tempt me. Octavia definitely is such a temptress and I was in no doubt that sex with her will inevitably occur during these swinging sessions.

As Octavia got rid of all her clothing I noticed that she was holding two pillows. I had not noticed her getting them during the tour of the house but she must have done so at that time no doubt in anticipation of her husband's plan. 

Clarence pulled out a wooden chair from its place at the kitchen table and positioned the chair in the middle of the kitchen. Clarence then sat down but at its edge so his penis and balls were hanging free in the air. He then spread his legs apart as far as possible to an almost 180 degree position. Octavia then placed a pillow at the inside of each foot. Then she lowered her knees to the pillow at Clarence's right foot and proceeded to grab a hold of Clarence's dong. Pushing back the foreskin Olivia inserted the cock into her mouth started a slow tantalizing blow job.

I cursed myself for letting the nakedness of the black couple immobilize me. Olivia already had Clarence's cock in her mouth & I still had my clothes on! Well luckily for me I had dressed for the occasion. I had on a T-shirt, jeans and sandals and that's it. No bra no panties so I was naked in no time flat and promptly my knees were down on the pillow at the side of Clarence's left foot ready to share in Clarence's cock.

Instinctively without any premeditated plan of action Octavia and I worked out the sequence of the blow job. Octavia when she had Clarence's cock in her mouth would slowly move her mouth up and down from the tip to the base of Clarence's cock. At the same time I would swallow Clarence's sac and balls completely and licking the skin of the sac with my tongue. 

Once Octavia had pumped with her mouth Clarence's cock three times in succession she would let go of his cock and with her tongue would start to trace the length of his shaft from tip to sac with her tongue. This was my cue to release Clarence's sac and balls and on the opposite side of Clarence's cock where Octavia was I started my tongue's journey to the tip of the cock. Once there I was able to insert the delicious cock into my mouth as Octavia swallowed the sac and balls.

As I alluded to earlier Clarence was huge and I found it difficult to get all of Clarence's cock into my mouth but it was worth the effort. Aside from cock in pussy and possibly cock in asshole nothing is more pleasurable to me than to have a throbbing cock in my mouth. Anticipated eruption of sperm into my mouth intensifies my excitement as the taste of cum is something I truly crave for. I just love the taste- the combination of bitter, salty and sweet tastes that is contained in male cum drives me into highest ecstasy.

Judging by the size of Clarence's balls I would expect he would have lots and lots of cum for me and I was getting impatient to swallow it.

As I was alternately in unison with Octavia sucking Clarence's cock and balls the thought of the sperm to cum was causing me to moan and I was also shuddering as I was looking forward to Clarence juices. 

Clarence was starting to moan as well so I knew the end would be near. Yes I would soon have that precious goo in my mouth. As I had Clarence's balls in my mouth for the umpteenth time I could feel the balls tense and Clarence's body was stiffening so I knew his sperm was about to erupt and I felt Clarence will likely explode the very next time I got his cock into my mouth. So I joyfully tongued up his shaft as Octavia released Clarence's cock and quickly I covered my mouth with that now trembling rod.

Down I went along the shaft until very inch of Clarence's dick was completely in my mouth and all of Clarence's pubic hair was tickling my nose and cheeks. Massaging his cock with my tongue I slowly let his cock escape from my mouth as I moved my lips to the tip of the magnificent black cock. Ah Clarence was now grunting very loudly and chanting:

"Ah girl (his eyes were closed so he could not be sure of who had his cock) that's so good – your tongues are fantastic- suck that cock – taste my cum."

My excitement was reaching a fever peach as I could sense I would erupt into a fantastic orgasm once I tasted the first spurt of cum juice. 

With great hopes I went down a second time knowing this would be it but I had to start leaving the base after keeping the full cock in my mouth slightly longer than previously. So I went down for the third time and Clarence was getting louder and louder and his whole body became completely stiff. 

This is it -but no I had to come up. When I was at tip of Clarence's prick and I should have released it for Octavia, but I was so desperate for cum that I went down a fourth time. However halfway down his shaft I could feel Octavia's tongue as she was on her journey to retake Clarence's cock. With the etiquette of cock sharing already established I had no option but to retreat and give up the cock. 

As soon as I got Clarence's sac and balls fully into my mouth Clarence started shouting:

"Oh I am cumming I am cumming swallow that sperm girl eat it all up". 

As I feared Clarence was spilling all that precious sperm into Octavia's mouth.

Once Clarence stopped trembling Octavia released his cock from her mouth. I quickly grabbed his dick to lick it and try to salvage what cum spots were available on its head. However Octavia had done a great job of capturing all of his goo so there was virtually nothing for me. What a bitch darn no consideration for me! Octavia noticed the look of disappointment in my face and smiled which made me even angrier. As she was full of Clarence's sperm she could not talk so she motioned to me to open my mouth. 

As I opened my mouth wide Octavia moved towards me and with a hand behind my neck she pressed her lips into my mouth. She forced my head back almost to a ninety degree angle from my chest. She then opened her lips and gravity allowed Clarence's cum to drain into my mouth.

Oh was this heavenly as I greedly swallowed some of the precious nectar. Octavia's generosity made me feel guilty of the ill thoughts I had just harbored. Octavia said as she removed her mouth for a moment: 

"Hey Leah don't be a pig you can't have it all you got to share!"

She started french kissing me. We thus commenced snowballing so that Clarence's spent sperm was equally shared between us.

When all of Clarence's sperm was swallowed we each grabbed our beers to wash down the goo.

As we were catching our breath and regrouping the Browns noticed for the first time the color of my pubic hair. 

Octavia exclaimed:

"WOW girl is that the coolest thing or what. How were you able to do that?" 

So I told Octavia exactly how I dyed the hair. As I was talking to Octavia, Clarence obviously intrigued by the light green color could not help himself but simply went down on me causing me to be flat on the tiled kitchen floor. He obviously was wondering if the color would have any effect in cunnilingus. So I would say my choice of dying my pubic hair achieved its purpose.

As I was so overwhelmed by the taste of Clarence's cum and so fresh in my memory I was into my second orgasm it seems like just seconds after Clarence's tongue first licked my clitoris. As soon I was done Clarence sprung to his feet and said:

"OK ladies it is time to continue our trip around the world." 

So he pulled us up from the kitchen floor and lead us to the master bedroom. It turns out the Browns also have a king size bed but it was not a water bed like ours. Clarence quickly went to the adjoining bathroom and we saw him pick up a tube of Vaseline and started to apply the cream on his member. 

Even though no words were spoken or any plan was articulated beforehand we all knew instinctively what to do. Standing on the plush carpet of the bedroom with my legs far apart I bent my body forward. With both hands I reached back and spread my fat ass cheeks as far apart as possible. This allowed Octavia to have easy access to my crack and my asshole.

Octavia then positioned herself behind me so that she thoroughly licked the crack of my ass and especially my ass hole. She curled her tongue to enable it to enter my hole. As soon as she did that I uttered a new moan because it was one of the most delicious sensations I could imagine.

The purpose of Octavia's ministrations of course was to allow my sphincter muscles to fully relax to enable me to take Clarence's massive cock up my ass. In due course Clarence emerged from the bathroom with his cock fully lubricated and my ass was about to be engaged.

I got on the bed and positioned myself doggy style with my knees at the edge of the foot of the bed. This enabled Clarence to take me while standing. The bed obviously was prepared for action as all the bed covers had been removed and only the sheets and pillows covered the bed.

Octavia got on the bed and slid underneath me with her head immediately under my green pubic hair. She grabbed a small pillow to prop her head so that her nose was almost inside my vagina. She then commenced to eat me out and provide distraction from the inevitable pain of Clarence's entry and initial thrusts.

I was determined not to wimp out and scream but take his cock up my ass without any complaint. As soon as Clarence's cock did make contact with my ass hole I had to gasp and let out a little whimper. Octavia increased the pressure of her tongue in my vagina and that enabled me to get comfortable more quickly. 

Clarence slowly filled me up and the pain was excruciating. I gritted my teeth and forced myself not to scream. Oh God was he big. Slowly in and out went Clarence's dong. After the third stroke the pain started to subside so that I was able to start enjoying myself. 

Soon I started to love the pain and I started grunting:

"Yes! Yes! Do it to me Big Boy. Shove that big black cock up my ass. I love that cock oh shove it don't stop don't stop fuck my ass fuck my ass!"

My words must have excited Clarence quickly as it seemed like no time at all I felt his cum explode in my ass. This triggered my next orgasm which was greatly helped by Octavia's tongue.

I screamed:

"Oh shit I am cumming I am cumming oh God what a cock what a tongue." 

The excitement also prompted Octavia to an orgasm as my cunt juices just drenched her mouth. As Clarence pulled out some of his sperm leaked out onto my taint. As she was able to in her position Octavia wasted no time in licking this cum off me.

Clarence was a little dazed but he went to kitchen to return with new beers to slake our thirst. However it was soon Octavia's turn to take her husband's cock up her ass. She assumed the same position as I previously had so that I could likewise tongue her asshole as well as the crack of her ass. 

This was something I had never experienced before with another women but as I was destined to also eat her out this was no time to be reticent. As I was aware of the pain Clarence's cock could inflict it was my duty to give her a tremendous ass lick. I loved the smell of Octavia it was different than a man's smell but delightful in its own way. Her smells made my licking of her that much more pleasurable for me. 

When Clarence was ready Octavia and I got into our positions on the bed. I had had a couple of experimental lesbian experiences in high school as well as at college, but it was nothing serious. As I said before I do love cock and so I was in no expectation, that I was going to be enchanted by Octavia. However I do have to admit that her attractiveness made sex with her a more pleasurable encounter than I would have otherwise anticipated. 

I eschewed the pillow prop. I wanted to have no impediments to thoroughly eat out Octavia. One thing about Octavia's twat, she was very dark all over and her totally black pubic hair made her pubic area an exotic site indeed. However as I manually split her vagina lips I saw that her insides were the brightest red hue that I could ever have imagined. This visible black and red contrast of her cunt gave me a heightened sense of pleasure in eating her out.

Along with her smell I knew I could not hold out long from yet another orgasm, but I was determined to hold out long enough so as not to spoil the others' fun.

When Clarence first entered Octavia's ass she let out a huge scream. 

She yelled:

"Oh it hurts it so big oh God it hurts." 

I smiled to myself and was proud that I had not carried out in such fashion. The fact that Octavia was Clarence's husband made me smug of my performance. It was not long though before Octavia got used to her husband's cock in her ass.

Soon she was singing out:

"Oh baby is that good! Oh give me that cock! Oh yes shove it! Give it to me! Give it all to me!"

Soon Clarence was squirting into Octavia's ass which triggered a loud screaming orgasm from her. With Octavia's juices flooding my mouth I was prevented from shouting, but my orgasm did cause my body to shake violently.

Now we all had to take a time out as we were thoroughly exhausted. It was supper time and the Browns ordered pizzas. When the pizza arrived Clarence had donned his robe met the delivery person at the front door as we girls remained naked in the kitchen. 

After we finished the meal we returned to the bedroom to partake in some old fashioned pussy fucking. Basically Clarence was flat on his back and Octavia and I took turns riding his cock. When one of us was riding his cock the other would be straddling his head allowing him to eat us out as well as some ass licking. Clarence had lots of stamina so I lost count of how many times I came that night but it was like heaven on earth.
