 Authors Note:

This story is FICTIONAL. After my wife's first infidelity we had a good heart to heart and she swore to me that it would never happen again. We still love each other. So, this follow up story is FICTIONAL. All of the characters in this story are FICTIONAL except for my wife and I and Jeff. All of the activity and conversation in this story is FICTIONAL. 

It was two weeks since my wife Janice had seen Jeff and we still had not yet talked it out. Come to think of it we hadn't talked about much at all since that day. Jeff was the man that Janice had found on some internet dating site and had invited him over to our house so that he could fuck her while I watched.

In an attempt to get her more interested in sex had I told her that one of my fantasies was to watch her strip for a guy and have sex with him. I figured that it was a safe thing to say because she is such a prude and she would never do anything like that. She got angry and told me that my fantasy was disgusting but her anger spurred her on and I guess she decided to teach me a lesson. What the lesson was I'm still not sure.

After Jeff had left she told me that she had enjoyed every second of that evening and maybe would do it again. She said that Jeff had told her that he had a group of friends who would love to meet her. He had talked about seven other guys and she told me she might entertain any or all of them. I dismissed it as her anger toward me getting the better of her and didn't think about it anymore.

I had arranged to visit several clients in a town not far from where we live. My first meeting was set for 8am and I left the house just after seven to make sure I would be there in plenty of time. Before I left Janice told me that she would only be working a half day because she was at a conference in the city and there would be little point in driving from there to her office all the way out near the university when she could just come home and work. I told her that, if all went well, I expected to be back by 2pm.

My appointments were all problem free and I headed into the office to submit my paperwork. It was around 1.30 when I got home and as soon as I got in the house I could hear a male voice upstairs in the living room. Then I heard several people laughing. They were all male voices and I knew that she was "entertaining" again. I wondered how many guys were there.

When I got upstairs I saw four guys sitting in the living room. The TV was on and they were watching a baseball game. Jeff was there along with two other black guys and a white guy. I wasn't particularly surprised that there was more than one. When my wife gets in the mood for something, be it a new TV show or a hobby or whatever, she tends to binge until she gets bored and then it stops as suddenly as it started. Perhaps I was surprised that it wasn't more guys.

I must admit that I had mixed feelings about what was likely to transpire in the hours to come. On the one hand there was some resentment that she was happy to do this but on the other I knew that I was excited to watch.

My wife was in the kitchen bending over to get something from the fridge. She had no blouse on (it had already been discarded and was lying on the floor) and was wearing a virtually see-through white bra. She had a very short skirt on and I could see that she had a white thong on underneath that.

She noticed me and said "Hi honey, have you come to watch again."

I tried to act nonchalant and said "Perhaps I should go upstairs and watch TV. I don't want to get in your way."

She said "Oh, you won't be in the way, why don't you stay and watch, you know you want to."

She thrust a beer into my hand and directed me to a fold up chair. I was effectively sat away from the other guys but I had a clear view of whole room.

"You remember Jeff don't you." She asked.

I nodded.

She pointed to the other guys one by one. "This is Marcus, Evan and Joel."

Jeff came over to me and said "hey man, good to see you again. Be prepared because this is going to be a long afternoon." In spite of the fact that he was there to fuck my wife I must admit I liked Jeff. In different circumstances he and I could have become good friends.

He went back to his seat and Janice came by carrying two more beers. She put them on the coffee table and picked up the empties and I noticed that she made a point of bending over so that the guys were getting a good view of her tits and her ass. The skirt barely covered her ass when she stood up and when she bent over everyone could plainly see that she was wearing a white thong which, I suspected, would probably be pretty much see-through as well. She had obviously been out shopping for clothes recently. I was surprised that she was wearing a thong because she always told me that she hated the feel of the string between her cheeks.

After she had delivered the beers and given everyone a show she went back to the kitchen to refill a couple of snack bowls. Evan turned to me and said "The deal is that every time the Jays score she has to remove one piece of clothing."

It was the bottom of the first and the Jays were up one run to nothing. "That explains the blouse on the floor." I mused to myself.

Joel said "Hey, we forgot something. What does she have to do when the Orioles score?"

Marcus said "she can dance for us" but Jeff pointed out that she was already doing that when she took something off.

"Ok, when the Orioles score she has to give one of us a blow job." Marcus offered.

Jeff said "Is everyone agreed?"

The first voice I heard was my wife's.

"Yes, agreed." She said with more enthusiasm than I thought necessary.

Joel asked "A proper blow job, not just get us close and then back off?"

Janice responded "Yes, all the way." as she bent over to put the two snack bowls on the coffee table.

In the five years that we have been together Janice has taken me into her mouth only three times and has never let me cum in there and now she is enthusiastically agreeing to the possibility, or more likely probability, of letting one or more of these guys cum in her mouth.

In the bottom of the third the Jays scored again and my wife dutifully and willingly danced while removing her skirt. As she playfully threw the skirt on to a guy's lap I noticed that her thong was indeed virtually see through. She turned to the TV and gave a cheer "Go Jays go"! She was very obviously excited and just aching to get naked.

After a few minutes of dancing up close and very personal with the guys she went to fetch more beers. In the top of the fourth inning the Orioles hit a three run homer and the guys cheered wildly.

Janice came rushing over, smiled and looked directly at me and gave another cheer "Go Orioles go"! My eyes flew open wide. She was left me in no doubt that she had made up her mind.

The fifth inning passed with no activity but the Jays scored again in the sixth. Janice immediately started to dance and take her bra off. She reached behind to undo the hooks and then wasted no time in letting the bra fall to the floor. She then spent a minute or two sitting on each guys lap while they played with her tits. The smile never left her face. The last lap that she sat on was Jeff's and she stayed there to watch a bit of the game.

The Orioles scored again in the next inning to take a 4-3 lead and the guys were really whooping it up and Janice did too. I figured that it didn't matter at all whether either team scored again because that thong would come off at the end of the game anyway and every guy was already assured of a blow job.

Evan was out of beer and so Janice got off of Jeff's lap to get him another. As she got off of his lap she made a point of opening her legs wide so that the guys could see her swollen pussy lips through her thong. As she got to her feet Jeff slapped her hard across the ass and she let out a yelp. As she passed the other guys they made a point of slapping her ass too but she didn't seem to mind. As each of them slapped her ass I noticed her tits jiggle and I realized that I was enjoying watching what was happening and my cock was very hard. I couldn't see but I suspected all of the guys were hard at that point.

In the eighth inning the Jays scored two runs on a double, a single and an error to reclaim the lead and Janice hurried over. She told the guys to slide the coffee table out of the way and she started to slowly sway. She went to each of the four guys and sat on their laps encouraging them to move their hands over her body. Then she stood in the middle and slowly peeled her thong down her legs, let it drop to the floor and she stepped out of it.

I was not at all prepared for what came next. She got down on her hands and knees and started crawling from one guy to another. As she did the guys were taking turns to feel her up and slap her ass. All the while her tits were hanging down and swaying around. Then she turned over onto her back and lay down with her legs wide apart. She put a hand on her pussy and started to rub.

After a few minutes she put her hands behind her head and said "I have only ever had two hands on me at one time. Now I want all eight."

The guys got down on the floor and obliged her. I was concerned in case they started to get rough but they were all very gentle and she giggled when a light touch tickled her belly. Her little pink nipples were beautifully erect and I couldn't help but notice that her shaven pussy lips were glistening.

While all this was happening more runs were scored and the final was Blue Jays 6 -- Orioles 7. The score no longer mattered. My wife was naked and all parts of her body were being fondled by four guys that I didn't know.

She got to her knees and told the guys to sit back in their seats. Getting down on all fours she resumed crawling from one guy to the next. She was enjoying giving the guys a show, making sure that her tits were swinging and wiggling her ass when any of the guys smacked it.

When she got round to Jeff she reached up and started to undo his jeans. He obliged her by lifting up his butt and she pulled the jeans and underwear off in one move. He was fully erect and she wasted no time in taking the head of his cock into her mouth. To make it easier for her he sat on the floor with his back against the sofa. This position also meant that her ass was sticking up in the air and Evan saw that as an invitation and took off his pants and moved in behind her. He fingered her pussy and she opened her legs wider to let him in. I could see that her juices were already running down her legs as he gently inserted his cock into her. She gave a loud moan as he went balls deep and very soon the three of them got into a steady rhythm. At this time the other two guys were taking off their clothes in readiness for their turn. I noticed that Marcus had a large cock, perhaps nine inches, but the others were pretty much average.

Evan came in her pussy pretty quickly and as soon as he pulled out Joel, the white guy, took over. It seems that Jeff could hold out pretty well because Joel came several minutes before he did. When he came in Janice's mouth I could see that she was having a hard time swallowing and much of his load ran down her chin and dripped onto the floor. Marcus was poised behind her and was rubbing his dick over her slit. Then, with no consideration for Janice, he rammed the entire thing into her in one thrust. She arched her back and gasped as Marcus began pushing into her again. She cried "Oh fuck that hurts, don't stop. Oh god"! It seemed like as one cock was pulled out of her pussy or mouth it was almost immediately replaced by another. This roundabout of cocks continued for quite some time before all four guys were done.

Janice grabbed a cushion and turned over onto her back and placed the cushion behind her head. I could see that her knees were red raw and she was breathing very heavily. As she lay there her legs fell open and I noticed that she was leaking seminal fluids on to the floor. When she regained her breath Janice stood up and made her way to the bathroom to clean herself up.

Jeff put his pants and shirt back on and said he was going out to get some air and I got up to join him. There were questions that I needed to ask him. We got out onto the front porch and I asked him if he had seen Janice since that first time and he confirmed my suspicion that he had. I told him that Janice had told me that she had not done this since that first night and he told me that she gave him a repeat performance a couple of days later. He said that he had asked her for a blowjob but she had refused and I told him that she wouldn't give me one either. He asked me if I minded him and his friends fucking his wife and I admitted that at first I was very angry but I realized that there was nothing I could do to stop her and besides, I had never seen her so alive and happy. I still loved her and, if I was honest about it, I was getting turned on watching her.

I asked if he was going to come back again and he told me that Janice wanted him to bring the rest of his friends next time. I asked when the next time was likely to be and he told me that it had already been arranged for the following Thursday, exactly one week from today.

He asked "You two been together for five years and she has never blown you?"

I confirmed that she had not and he said "Ok, I will set it up so that she does next week."

We exchanged phone numbers and he promised to text me with his plan to get me blown. Then he said "I'm going back in to fuck her again". He wasn't particularly subtle.

We went back inside and she was again on her hands and knees with a guy at either end. We hadn't been out on the porch too long so I guessed that this was the first fuck and suck of the second session. I figured that, even though I wasn't invited to join in, I was going to sit on the sofa and see how she reacted to me being so close. She didn't seem to mind and, in fact, used the opportunity to taunt me. The session continued as it had left off and after a while the pace slowed. The guys were taking longer and longer to recover and eventually all four of them were sat around with limp cocks.

I wasn't keeping track of how many orgasms my wife had had but I reckoned that she must also be getting tired. For a girl that didn't like to give blow jobs she sure had swallowed a lot of cum today. When the last guy had pulled out of her she sat on the floor with her back against the sofa and her legs open wide. I couldn't help but stare. Her pussy was very red and swollen and there was cum seeping out. I figured that she was done for the day. After she had recovered her breath she stood up and got some tissues so that she could wipe the cum out of her pussy. This time she didn't go to the bathroom but sat on the floor in front of everyone with her legs open wide while she cleaned herself up.

I sat and watched, fully aware of the fact that she was no longer the shy, prudish wife of a month ago. She was enjoying showing herself off and seeing the guys cocks react. For now though all four of them were limp and I figured that they were done.

The sports highlights were being shown on the TV and when the Orioles three run homer was shown Janice said "That was my favourite part of the game. I wish I had recorded it so that I could live it over and over again."

I was curious as to why she was happily blowing guys considering that she had always said the idea of a guy cumming in her mouth was repulsive. I made a mental note to ask her about it later.

I looked at the four guys all sat around with their flaccid cocks and then turned to my wife. She smiled and I noticed that her nipples were hard again. Clearly she intended to get more out of these guys. I was sat next to Joel. Janice crawled towards him on her hands and knees. She ordered me to give her a cushion and I did. She put the cushion on the floor so that she could kneel on it. I thought it was odd that after having cocks in her pussy and mouth all afternoon it was her knees that were suffering most.

She reached for Joel's' cock and started to stroke it. The fact that I was sat less than two feet from her while she held another man's penis didn't seem to bother her at all. Then she got closer and started to lick it and soon she got a reaction. When the guy was semi hard she took it into her mouth and started to take it deeper and deeper. Occasionally she spent some time with just the head inside her as she ran her tongue over it. Then I noticed that she was staring straight at me. The guy started to groan and I looked at him and his eyes were closed. He started to move his hips and I could tell he was getting close. I looked back at my wife and she was still looking directly into my eyes. Then she pulled her head off of his dick and kissed it. She was taunting me but I was no longer angry or shocked. She started to suck him again and it was only seconds before he came in her mouth. When he had finished she turned her head to me and opened her mouth to show me his cum and, with a smile on her face, she swallowed it.

Almost immediately she stood up and said "Who's next?"

She noticed that the 9 inch guy, Marcus, was hard again and she went over to him and straddled his legs. She lifted herself over his cock and gently inched her pussy down on to it. Gradually she took more and more of his dick into her and soon she was bouncing up and down on it. She was getting very vocal by now and I saw her body stiffen as she gasped and they both came. She lifted herself off of him and immediately went to Evan and started to suck his cock. She sucked him for a few minutes and just before he came she took him out of her mouth and he spurted over her tits. She giggled as the spunk hit her and then proudly turned to show me her breasts. I must admit that I enjoyed the sight of his cum and her sweat on her chest and I was genuinely happy to see the joy in her face.

Jeff was the final guy to be satisfied. He was sitting directly opposite me and my wife climbed up onto him so that she had her back to him. She grabbed his cock and started to stroke it. When it was fully erect she lifted up and guided him into her pussy. She grabbed his hands and put them on her breasts and slowly started to slide up and down on him. I knew she had deliberately left him until last and turned to face me so that I could clearly see his cock disappearing into her. She tried again to stare directly at me but the pleasure became too much and she soon closed her eyes.

I believe that she was trying to taunt me again by making sure I could see everything but by now I was used to seeing her getting fucked and I was also getting very turned on by the sight of a black cock in her white pussy and his black hands fondling her breasts and tugging at her nipples.

After they both had one final orgasm she relaxed until his cock softened and slipped out of her pussy. Then she stood up, a little unsteady on her feet, said "Thanks boys" and went upstairs.

I heard the shower start and Jeff said "That's it for the day guys." Joel started to object but Jeff stepped in and told him it was time to leave.

After her shower Janice came downstairs still naked and she sat opposite me but made sure that she kept her legs tight together as if let me know that I wasn't getting any.

I asked "Did you enjoy yourself."

She replied "Yes, I never knew that a blowjob could be such fun and having two guys inside me at the same time was fantastic."

I asked her "What was your favourite part of the day."

She replied "I can't decide whether it was stripping for the guys or feeling a guy cum in my mouth". She looked at my groin and said "I noticed that you enjoyed it too". I couldn't deny it.

I asked "Have you seen Jeff other than today and the first time you stripped for him."
