 The move to the little town had gone as expected. There were things to arrange and boxes to unpack. I looked around at the pile of unpacked cartons and furniture that needed to be placed in the new house. Ken had left for work at his new job, and I had all day to get things ready for when he got home. I looked about the maze of hap-hazardley piled books, clothing, and assorted junk we had accumulated over the past twelve years of our marriage. I was looking forward to making a new life here, no matter how big of a change it was from the big city, we had so recently left. 

I looked around and decided that the bedroom would be the best place to start. The bed had been put together hastily, so that we had a place to sleep. It was a monster of a bed he had picked out for it's sheer size and the mirrored canopy over the queen sized mattress. I had hated the mirrors at first but, in time had gotten used to them. I was no big fan of watching myself, but he enjoyed seeing me from all angles. Most times I never realized it was there.

It took me most of the afternoon to unpack and sort through the piles of cloths. Just before five, Ken called to let me know that he'd be a little late getting home. He also said that he would be bringing some guys from work to lend a hand with the unpacking. I was not surprised that he had made friends quiclky, Ken was the kind of guy who could make friends fast. He was a man who knew what he wanted and never backed away from a challenge. He was also very good at keeping me happy and satisfied in bed.

I went to the bathroom and took a short shower, to clean away the days work and relax before he arrived. I wondered what soft of friends he had made and if they would be the kind that lasted this time. He had a way of, sometimes, finding the wrong kind of friends. I would see that the bad ones were sorted out fast. After my shower, I dressed in a summer skirt that hung mid-way down my thighs. It would do for housework without restricting my movements. I also put on a black V-neck T-shirt of his and tied it in a knot below my ribs. I was aware that it was a little risque but, knew my husband wouldn't mind showing me off a bit. I was not a "Barbie doll" anymore but everything was where it should be and quite well proportioned. I have the legs of a soccer player and , the rounded and not too plump body of a gymnast. My full 36C breasts were not as firm as they used to be but, he said I could still make younger women ogle with thier jealous looks. All in all, not bad for a mother of two.

Just as I was finishing up, I heard the crunch of his car on the gravel driveway. I also heard more than three other cars pull up as well. I took one last look at the image in the mirror and decided to put on a little lipstick. He said I have lips like that woman that played in the "Tomb Raider" movie. I chose slut red to drive him crazy, just for fun. Then headed for the front of the house to greet him and his newly made co-workers.

As I entered the front room, I saw that he had brought six of the best built and ruggedly hansome men I had seen together since I had gone to the strip club for womens night out. I instantly became aware of all the eyes now hungrily looking my way. My nipples, not restrained by a bra, became instantly rock hard, as all of them said thier hello's. I was all to aware of the eyes that looked beyond my face to the large pyramids my nipples were making against the shirt. I could also feel myself getting wet from the looks and smiles I was receiving. Ken introduced all of them as the guys, then one by one they took turns introducing themselves individually.

Ken asked if the beers had been put out into the cooler. I had done that earlier knowing he'd want a beer of two when he got home. I said yes and he headed for the shed, leaving me alone with a room full of hunks. They asked if they could move the heavier things, and I showed them where everything went. A few of the guys took off thier shirts revealing well muscled chests and great arms. I could not help but stare at the array of muscled men in my home. My neck was straining from trying not to look everywhere at once.

The evening went long into the early hours of the morning. They had consumed almost three cases of beer as the work finally got finished around two in the morning. Ken suggested they all stay for the night, as it was obvious, that driving was out of the question. They all agreed it best and started to drag a table out to play some cards and get to know us better. Me and Ken teamed up against four of the guys and the others just moved in to watch and be part of the conversation. As the night went on, the conversation quickly got cruder, as the drinks and beer went down. Ken allowed them to make all the crude comments they wanted, I surprised eveyone by coming back with a few of my own. I guess that gave me some respect in the fellows eyes, and after a few nasty remarks about being able to handle myself, was accepted and became part of the conversations.

Art, one of the guys sitting right beside me, reached over to grab a smoke and ashtray. As his arm slid by, it brushed against my leg, sending unexpected sparks to my soaked pussy. I hadn't noticed I was so aroused before but, was now distinctly aware of my situation. Someone had put on music, and the beat of the music with the free flowing booze, caused someone to ask if I would like to dance. Feeling a little giddy, I agreed. Ken just whispered," Have fun" and continued playing cards. He knew I liked flirting and didn't mind me having a little fun. At first the music was up-beat, and Art was a very good dancer. We attracted a small crowd of the guys not playing cards. I was in heaven, dancing with one, while three more looked on waiting thier turn. They kept feeding me drink after drink, and I was getting a little fuzzy headed. I needed a break. Justin, the quiet one, said I could sit beside him on the couch. I agreed and almost fell over him, landing face first in Arts lap. From my vantage point, I could also see the enormous lump growing in his shorts. Art responded with a quip about me being in the right place for the next dance. Justin had an ample view of my, now exposed ass. I looked at Ken, who had seen me fall, he winked and suggested maybe I should show them my appreciation for helping us get unpacked. 

I needed no further encouragement. The card game quickly ended, and I was now the center of attention. Art pulled down his zipper, showing me his, now ridgid cock. I looked again at Ken, he just smiled and nodded his approval. I guess the drinks and the way they all made me feel, left me feeling more than up for the challenge. I quickly took him into my mouth and slide my tongue and mouth around his mushroom head. The cheers that went up from the room was all I needed. I engulfed his cock like a child with a taffy. At the same time I could feel my skirt being pushed up around my waist, exposing my ass for all to see.

Almost as if on cue. four hands lifted me up, so that four others could remove my skirt and the T-shirt. I was left in my white lace thong. Art's hands guidng my head up and down his pulsing shaft. The taste was like candy to me, as I eagerly gobbled all I could fit. Fingers were now seeking out the sides of my thong, pulling them down my legs. I could feel others feeling my legs, ass, and still others seeking out my wet quim. I felt the first of my orgasms coming on hard. Just as it hit, Art's cock exploded in my mouth, I tried desperately to gulp it all down, but some escaped to dribble down my face. Art moaned loudly as he shot his load down my throat. The hands, by now had found what they were looking for, and I was roughly flipped over. I could see that all of the guys had stripped off their clothes, and I was faced with five waiting hard-ons. Justin was first, he positioned himself over my soggy snatch, and just rammed it home. He was a large kid, about eight inches or so. I could feel every inch of him as he slammed home into me. The walls of my pussy stretched at the unexpected intrusion. The orgasm, too was fast. He pumped into me for about six or seven minutes before losing it. All the while the rest of them stood watching and waiting thier turns. To break the waiting, Eliot, the largest of the guys, pulled me up and laid down on the couch, so I could ride his enormous tool. He had to be every bit of eleven inches. I could feel it skewer me like the pig I was acting like. Another guy, Lewis shoved his cock at my face. I was now licking and riding two magnificent cocks. Trying to swallow all of Lewis was harder than I had thought, especially with Eliot's monster probing my fully packed box. I was in heaven, the feelings they were giving me, a sensory overload. I was cumming hard again and again as they pummled me at both ends.

Out of the recess' of my mind, I could feel someone rubbing my ass. Then a finger worked it's way in. That was more than I could handle and,I exploded into a jerking, mass of little orgasms. The world was spinning, as wave after wave of tremors convulsed my body. They were not, however, done with me. As Lewis and Eliot continued thier assault on my mouth and gash, another slowly entered me from the rear. It was not the first time I'd had anal sex but, I was now being fucked in all three of my openings. They got into a very good rythm, as they continued pounding away at all of my orafices. I came several more times while the barrage contiued, for what seemed hours. 

This mad assault continued, one after the next, all taking thier turns in all of my holes. I could not begin to tell who had had what. My mind was numb and I just needed cock more. I wanted everything they could give. They were more than happy to oblidge me. Time after time , hour after hour, these gorgeous men ravaged all of me. I had cum so many times, it had become one long orgasm, never ending. I was full to the brim with hot sticky cum, and gratefully let it be rubbed in wherever they wished. I was a slut, a cum whore. I needed nothing else, wanted nothing else, than to be used by them all. I wanted more. They at last seemed ready to stop. That was when Ken made his move.

I had not realized that he had watched for all the hours they had ravaged me. He now just smiled, handed the cam-corder to one of the guys and said," Now it's my turn bitch!" The smile on his face showed he was ready to explode himself, but not at all mad at my behavior. He then showed, why he had waited. They all looked on as he unleashed his gorgeous cock. Not quite as long as Eliot's but, twice it's girth. Ken was nicknamed the "Ox". This was the reason why. He made his way towards me, and told two of his new friends to hold my arms and legs. At first just slipping into my sore and sopping box. Finally I felt him slip out, wondering what was next. It was then that I felt him push against my aching ass. I had never even tried taking him there before, he was just too large. He told them to hold tight, I grimaced as he pushed in the head. After a minute or so, I was able to relax, as the others watched him slowly pushed his massive cock to the hilt in my ass. He just stayed buried inside of me. He then grabbed my hips and rolled over, so that what was happening could be seen by all. Slowly he began to pump that monster in and out of my ass. Eliot had recovered and asked if he could join the fun. Ken nodded his approval, and Eliot's monster entered my snatch just as slowly. I was being violated by two monster cocks, the pain/pleasure was so intense, I could barley keep from screaming. The two began to fuck me in earnest now. The feel of these two monsters ripping me apart was more than I could stand, I came violently, spasming and jerking around so hard that, I had to be restrained by a couple of the guys. I could feel them both grow even larger as they got ready to blow their loads. The last thing I remembered was them pumpiing into me at an inhuman speed. Then they both exploded, sending me into the oblivion of unconsciousness.

When I awoke, I was in bed, alone and covered in sweat and cum. It was then, that I remembered what had happened. I also then felt how sore and satisfied I was. I slowly got up and made my way to the shower, washed up and dressed. As I looked into the living room, I could make out the forms of the guys all over the front room. It had not been a dream, I had really done all those wonderful things. Just then, Kens hands rubbed my shoulders and his lips brushed my ear. "That was an amazing party last night, huh?" I turned and kissed him full on the lips. "Thank you", was all I could say. I had never had so many gorgeous cocks, use me so fully. 

I couldn't wait for the Christmas party! He just smiled, patted his camera, and said, "I will have this to remember all the fun and, just in case, someone forgets to keep quiet!" I knew that this was going to be just the beginning of a great new life.! The guys were starting to arise, I wondered if they could handle another round? Ken, just laughed saying," Be my guest!"