 Cindy and I had been together for about seven years. We have a very happy marriage and were both very contented sexually. We have a varied sex life and Cindy has some vibrators and toys that we like to use. She loves to dress up for sex and be photographed. We live in a very secluded part of a small country village. We got on well with our immediate neighbours who had an eighteen-year-old son called Steve. It was a hot summers day, the neighbours had gone away for a few days and they asked us to keep an eye on him, although at eighteen he was capable of looking after himself. Cindy and I had been sunbathing in the garden when I decided I needed a shirt. I went upstairs to the bedroom and glanced out of the window and admired the view of miles of open countryside. I saw Cindy sunbathing and thought how sexy she looked. We hadn’t had sex for about three days so we were bound to tonight. A sudden movement caught my eye in next-door’s garden. I moved back behind a curtain and looked intently. I couldn’t believe what I was seeing. Steve was peering through a hole in the fence and watching Cindy. That wasn’t all. His shorts were round his ankles and he was playing with the largest cock I have ever seen. It was as thick as my arm and had to be at least ten inches long. I couldn’t believe the size of it. I carried on watching him and found myself getting hard, not at the size of his cock but that he was wanking while looking at my wife who was old enough to be his mother. I watched intently for a few minutes when he suddenly quickened his movements and came all over the fence. I found it a huge turn on. He pulled up his shorts and went inside. 

I hurried downstairs and quickly said to Cindy, 

“You’re not going to believe this but you’ve got an admirer. I’ve just watched Steve from next-door wanking himself off while looking at you through a hole in the fence. What’s more he’s got the largest cock I’ve ever seen”. 

Cindy thought I was joking and laughed it off. We wandered round the garden and casually headed over to the fence where we saw a small hole in it. But she still wasn’t convinced. Shortly after, we heard Steve get in his car and go out and we sneaked round to the garden next door. We found the hole in the fence and there were the tell tale signs of streams of fresh spunk still trickling down the fence. We went back home and sat and talked about it. Cindy wanted every single detail and I told her how much it turned me on watching him wank while looking at her. She admitted that she found it very flattering that an eighteen year old fancied her. 

That night in bed, Cindy was on fire. As she cuddled up against me, her leg went over mine and I could feel the wetness running out of her pussy. Straight away she started talking about Steve. She wanted to know again how big I thought his cock was and how hard it was. Was it larger than her largest vibrator? She was so hot just thinking about him. It turned me on thinking about him fucking her. I was going to suggest it to her but I wanted her to instead. I knew the thought of it was driving her mad. I asked if she wanted the toys tonight and she said she did. I knew without a doubt that she would choose the biggest one. She lay down with her knees bent and her legs wide apart. I knelt in between her legs. I could see she was sopping wet. I put the vibrator at the edge of her pussy and it was almost sucked in. She told me to push it right in. Normally I tease her and put it in slowly and then withdraw it but this time she wanted it straight in as far as it would go. I usually then lay down and lick her clit with the vibrator inside her but this time I wanted to look at her pussy and I decided I would describe in detail what I was doing to her. 

She knows I like her to talk dirty in bed sometimes when she is horny. She started playing with her nipples, something she only does when she is very turned on. I started fucking her with the vibrator really slow and said, 

“I bet you’re imagining this is Steve, aren’t you? He’s lying in between your legs and slowly pumping his 10-inch cock in and out of your soaking wet pussy. He’s bigger than this vibrator and will shoot his spunk deep inside you. You’d love that wouldn’t you?” 

She smiled and nodded as her orgasm came crashing through her body. Her juices were flooding out of her. The vibrator, my hand and the bed were soon soaking wet. I started to stop but she told me to carry on. She wanted to cum again. This time it took a little longer but was just as intense and this time she actually ejaculated and shot her cum out of her pussy. 

“Again, please, again, I need more”, she pleaded with me. 

After her third or fourth orgasm, she was satisfied. My cock was now bursting and I needed instant satisfaction. She pushed me down on the bed and took my cock deep in her mouth. The vibrator was still inside her. Normally when she has cum she removes it, but not this time. 
She needed it still inside her. She wrapped her lips round my cock and pushed her tongue down my cum hole. I started talking to her again. 

“Don’t you wish this was Steve’s huge cock deep inside your mouth? It’s so large I’m not sure you would get it all in. You’d probably just get the tip in and then you’d have to wank him off into your mouth”. She was sucking me like a mad woman now. I couldn’t talk any more as I was so near to cumming. Normally as she feels me cumming she takes my cock and I cum over her face. This time she kept me inside her mouth and I shot my hot spunk right down her throat. 

Eventually she released me and we lay side by side. She still had the vibrator inside her and she put my hand down to it, she wanted some more sex. I turned it on and slowly started fucking her with it. I said, 

“I know what you really want, just tell me, I don’t mind”. 

She said, “I need Steve’s cock, I need Steve to fuck me and let me suck his cock and make him cum in my mouth. I’m sorry, but I must have it.” 

As she finished the sentence she had yet another massive orgasm. We lay relaxing and then started planning how to get Steve to fuck Cindy. She kept apologising but insisted that she had to have him and I told I was quite happy about it and that it turned me on thinking about her with him. I also insisted that I must watch and that she mustn’t do it without telling me. I also told her that I would get very excited and almost certainly I would wank myself off. She said that was fine and she loved the idea of Steve fucking her and her watching me wanking and she wanted me to cum over her face and tits as he was fucking her. She talked long into the night planning everything and it turned us both on so much that we ended fucking another two times. She decided to tease Steve during the day and finally seduce him in the evening.

Fortunately, the next day was hot and sunny and Cindy had started sunbathing by about 10.30. She had a bikini on that hardly covered her bits and positioned her sun-lounger at an angle that was facing towards Steve’s garden. I went up to our bedroom and looked out of the window ready to see him in action. It was only a couple of minutes before I saw him come out into the garden. He had a T-shirt and shorts on. I saw him head to the same spot as yesterday and he crouched down to look through the hole in the fence. As soon as he saw Cindy he took his shorts down. He was already hard and once again I couldn’t believe the size of his cock. His hand went straight to it and he slowly started playing with it. He couldn’t even get his whole hand round. It was easily as thick as my arm and again I’m sure it was 10” long. Without realising it I was getting hard watching him wank himself off over my gorgeous wife. He was doing it so slowly that he was obviously going to make it last. I went back downstairs to the garden and stood in front of Cindy deliberately spoiling his view and said out loud so that Steve could hear, that I was popping out for an hour. In reality I crept back into our garden shed that was about fifteen feet from where Cindy was lying. 

Before Steve could start playing with himself again, Cindy went indoors and got some sun tan lotion. She started putting the lotion on her legs and then stood up and called over the fence to see if Steve was there. After a couple of minutes he appeared and Cindy said, 

“Do me a favour, Steve. Pop round and put some sun tan lotion on my shoulders for me please”.

“Okay. Won’t be a minute”, he replied. 

He came round and Cindy couldn’t take her eyes of his shorts. His erection had subsided but she was already imagining what it was like. I was watching out the shed window and could clearly see and hear everything. She sat up and asked Steve to rub some lotion into her shoulders. He stood behind her and squirted some onto her shoulders and started rubbing it in. I could clearly see that he was looking down at her tits. I knew her nipples would soon harden and show through her thin bikini top. He finished very quickly and Cindy said, 

“Oh, don’t stop, that’s lovely and relaxing, just massage my shoulders a little more.” 

I saw her part her legs a little more and knew her well enough to know that her pussy would now be soaking wet. She leaned back slightly so that she was resting against him. I could clearly see the bulge in his shorts and Cindy could feel it against her back. Her eyes were closed and she kept saying, 

“Oh, that’s lovely. It’s so relaxing.”

She shifted slightly and as she was leaning against him she moved one of her hands behind her and rested it against the bulge in his shorts. He went to move back and she said, 

“You’re obviously enjoying this as much as I am, don’t move away”. 

I saw him move tighter against her. Cindy said, 

“Don’t worry about Paul, he won’t be back for a while yet.”

I saw her hand rub against his shorts. He was clearly hard now. She said, 

“I know you’ve been looking at me through the fence and I have to say I find it very flattering that a young good looking boy like you wants to do what you do while looking at me”.

He was very embarrassed and kept apologising and said, 

“You won’t tell my parents will you, I promise I won’t do it again”. Cindy replied, “Of course I won’t tell your parents and I’ll be very offended if you stop doing it, it turns me on thinking about you playing with yourself. Now keep massaging my shoulders and look down at my boobs, wouldn’t you like to stroke them? Can you see how hard my nipples are?” 

Cindy was now clearly rubbing his cock although it was awkward for her behind her back. After a few minutes she said, 

“I think I need to take care of that for you. Would you like me to do that?”

She patted the sun lounger in front of her. He stood facing her and his erection was poking out the bottom of his shorts. I could see the glazed look in her eyes and knew she desperately wanted his cock embedded deep inside her but as we decided last night, that would wait until later. Her arm reached out and held the end of his cock. She couldn’t get her hand round it, as it was so thick. 

“I think you’d better take those shorts off if I’m going to do this properly, don’t you?”

Slipping his shorts down his legs and stepping out of them, he then sat down. His dick wobbled thickly in front of her face. Cindy couldn’t believe what she was seeing. She thought it was an absolute waste just to wank him off and wanted to suck him off and then let him fuck her senseless and it was all she could do to go along with our original plan. She moved closer to him, her legs straddled either side of the sun lounger. She felt her pussy juices seeping out of her. She took his hand and put it on her bikini bottoms and said, 

“Feel how wet I am, that’s what effect you’re having on me”. 

Cindy was now rubbing Steve’s cock in slow deliberate movements, she didn’t want him to cum too soon she wanted to enjoy it so much that he would come back for more. Droplets of pre-cum formed on it’s shiny head and Cindy rubbed it over the top, making it wet. 

“Play with my pussy, put your fingers inside me”, I heard her say. 

I saw him pull her bikini aside and slip a finger inside her cunt. I knew she was soaking wet. I now had my shorts round my ankles and was slowly playing with myself as I watched my wife enjoying the attention of an eighteen-year-old. 

“Finger fuck me, please, faster, oh yes that’s lovely”, she said. 

She reached for her top and lifted it over her tits. Her nipples were standing out erect, like little buttons. She wanted him to suck them but knew that now wasn’t the right time. She had both hands round his cock and was now wanking him faster. Soon she felt the telltale twitching in his cock and he shot wad after wad of hot spunk all over her legs and the sun lounger. Cindy quickly licked the cum off the top, amazed that he was still hard and she hadn’t cum yet. Clearly she couldn’t let him fuck her in the garden and that was all part of tonight’s plan. Cindy was hoping that I hadn’t cum either as she knew that as soon as Steve left, we were going indoors to fuck. 

She said, “You’d better go and clean yourself up and I need to change. Did you enjoy that? By the way we’re having a barbecue tonight. Would you like to come round?” 

“I’d love to”, he said.

As he pulled his shorts up, Cindy pulled her bikini top down and said, 

“Don’t forget, I really don’t mind you wanking while looking at me, but next time do it in the open so that I can watch you doing it.” 

Steve went back inside and Cindy and I ran indoors. We went straight upstairs and ripped our clothes off. I couldn’t believe how wet she was. I dived straight between her legs and licked her to an immediate orgasm. She came all over my face. I immediately moved up and my rock hard cock slipped easily inside her. Even though she was so wet she managed to grip me tightly and her second orgasm was quickly followed by mine. We lay side by side and Cindy was giving me every detail about how his cock felt and the amount of cum he shot. She went over the plan for the evening and I looked forward to her putting it into action. 

Cindy and I were very horny all day waiting for the evening to come. I started the barbecue at about six o’clock and Steve arrived shortly afterwards. The weather was still hot and he had on a T-shirt and shorts. Cindy wore a thin T-shirt without a bra making her nipples very visible and a long wrap over skirt and no knickers. Steve asked if I needed a hand and I told him to get himself a beer and see if Cindy needed a hand. Cindy had been wet all afternoon and couldn’t wait much longer. Steve went into the kitchen and Cindy immediately gave him a kiss full on the lips and said, 

“I really enjoyed this morning but it left me very frustrated. Did you wank again this morning? I hope you’re going to make up for it this evening.” 

“What about Paul?” 

“He doesn’t mind, I’ve told him about this morning and he’s very relaxed about it.”

He replied, “I’m really not sure about this”. 

Cindy took Steve’s hand and put it inside her skirt and straight onto her pussy and then grabbed his already hardening cock and said, 

“Feel how nice and wet my pussy is, I’m sure you’d like to really find out what it’s like. I know I can’t wait to have your huge cock deep inside my soaking wet pussy. I promise we won’t get you to do anything you don’t want to do, and I guarantee you’ll enjoy it and want to come back for more, and I promise you, Paul doesn’t mind.”

By the look on his face, Cindy knew he was ready for all she wanted from him. She took hold of Steve’s hand and led him into the garden to join me. She said to me, 

“I’ve explained everything to Steve and how much we want him to join us tonight and he’s very keen to do so.” 

I said, “That’s great, Cindy told me how much she enjoyed this morning and from what she says you did so too.”

The food was soon ready on the barbecue and we tucked into the food accompanied with a couple of glasses of wine. Cindy sat next to Steve and made sure her skirt opened up and exposed a huge amount of thigh. I noticed he kept glancing down and couldn’t take his eyes off her. A couple of minutes after we had finished, Cindy suggested we go inside. We took our wine glasses and went into the lounge. Steve and Cindy sat on the sofa and I sat opposite them. She crossed her legs and her skirt fell open a bit. From where I was sitting I could see her pussy, which was clearly very wet. I was sure I could even smell her pussy juices. 

Her stiff nipples were clearly visible through her T-shirt. She was sitting very close to Steve who was looking a little uncertain about the situation he found himself in. I stood up and said that I was going for a walk round the garden. I thought I’d better leave them alone for a few minutes; I didn’t want him to be nervous. I walked round the house and watched from a side window. I had only been gone about thirty seconds and I saw that Cindy was stroking Steve’s cock, which was poking through his shorts. Cindy got him to stand up and take his shorts off. His cock was fully erect as he sat down again. Claire made sure her skirt was fully open and she took his hand and put it between her legs. I couldn’t hear what was being said but the actions spoke volumes.

He clearly had his fingers inside her and was slowly fingering her. She had both hands round his cock and was slowly tugging at it. Then Cindy stopped and knelt on the floor in between his legs. Her head went towards his huge cock and she tried to get it in her mouth. Her mouth was stretched to its limit but eventually three or four inches of it disappeared inside. I was sure her tongue was finding his cum hole as she started sucking him off. Meanwhile her two hands were expertly wanking him off. I wasn’t sure if she was going all the way and letting him cum in her mouth. Steve was lying back on the sofa with his eyes closed. I decided it was okay to go back indoors. I was hard and very horny. Steve still had his eyes closed and Cindy was working on him very slowly. 

She didn’t want him to cum yet. I went up behind her and undid her skirt exposing her bare bum and pussy. I wanted to take her T-shirt off but couldn’t as she was still sucking his cock. I reached round her front and felt her pussy. It was wet already. Her juices were literally dripping down her legs. She took him out of her mouth and took her T-shirt off and said she wanted to go upstairs. She took his hand and I followed them. She took Steve’s top off and they lay on the bed. Cindy said, 

“You’re going to cum quickly aren’t you if I suck you? How many times will you be able to cum tonight?”

He thought about and amazingly said, “I should think five or six times”. 

Cindy said, “Then let’s continue the way we started and knelt down beside him and started licking his balls and then along his shaft. She pulled his foreskin right back to reveal a lovely purple shiny head. She used her tongue and pushed it as far down as his spunk hole as she could. She licked underneath the helmet and played with his balls. She told him to play with her tits and pinch her nipples. Steve’s hands sought her erect nipples and he gently squeezed them. 

“Harder, pinch them hard, I love it rough, pinch and squeeze them. Oh that’s better, I love it that way”. 

I had undressed now and was slowly playing with myself. I thought I could cum twice and maybe three times but certainly not more than that so I was making sure I would last. I stood beside them and watched as Cindy worshipped Steve’s cock with her tongue and mouth. I moved behind her and inserted two fingers inside her wet pussy. I was amazed how easily they slipped inside. I certainly had never seen her so wet before. 

She then told him that she was going to suck him off now and that he had to cum in her mouth. 

“I’m going to make sure you shoot as much spunk as you can deep into my mouth and I’m going to savour the taste and then swallow it all”. 
