 This story that I am about to tell is about fifteen or sixteen years old. It was just in the beginning of my wife's career in the sex business. I had just gotten my wife, Tracy, to start fucking my friends at our weekly poker games. It's as best as the two of us can remember.

Here goes.

About a month after this all got started, Tracy came home and told me that her company was hosting a big meeting with all their major customers at a large hotel about an hours drive outside of town. It would require two or three days, since there were numerous meetings and dinners involved. She told me that spouses were welcome, but that most of the people were going alone, because they would be in meetings all day with customers. I had a business conflict anyway, so I told her I wouldn't be going.

But as the date approached, I began to think more and more about Tracy staying overnight at the hotel by herself now that she was fucking other men. I also become suspicious when I saw her packing for her trip, and noticed that she was taking several of her little summer dresses, her thong panties, and a couple of tiny bikini bathing suits. After she left, I decided to change my business plans and sneak off to the hotel without telling her, just to get a look at what was going on. If Tracy saw me there, I could just say I'd changed my mind and decided to spend the weekend with her.

The hotel was huge, with several restaurants, a convention centre and a couple of swimming pools, plus several bars with music and dancing. I got there the first night about ten o'clock, and drifted around until I spotted Tracy in the biggest bar, which had a huge dance floor and playing loud music. Tracy was easy to find, because she was wearing the shortest, sexiest dress in the entire bar, and she was the only woman in the group of about fifteen people. I got myself a drink and stood off to the side, watching my wife. She was obviously enjoying herself, laughing and giggling, and it was clear to me that she'd had several drinks, which always made her hot and horny.

As I watched, one of the guys in the group asked her to dance, and they went out on the dance floor. A slow number was playing. Tracy put both of her arms around the guy's neck, and his hands rested on her ass. Soon they were practically humping each other on the dance floor, and the guy was slowly rubbing her butt. Then he bent down and whispered in her ear, and they stopped dancing and walked together to an exit that led out to the pool area. I waited a minute or so, then followed, keeping a safe distance.

Outside it was dark, and I couldn't see them at first. Then I heard my wife's voice saying, "Steve, where are you taking me?" So this guy's name was Steve. Now I sped on them, about fifty feet away, near some tall hedges next to the hot tub. I realized that if I circled around the swimming pool I could get very close to them, while staying on the other side of the hedges.

I walked around quietly, until I was only about fifteen feet away from them. From there I could hear everything they were saying, and I could also see most of what was going on through the hedges. I heard Tracy say, "Steve, we better get back inside, people will wonder what happened to us."

"Don't be silly," Steve replied. "All those guys are busy drinking and trying to pick up women. They don't care where we are." And with that he reached over to fondle Tracy's ass and give her a kiss. At that point I got mad because I feel that kissing is lovemaking and not just sex. Tracy kissed him back for a long moment, and then she pushed him away, but not very convincingly.

"Roy, this is wrong," she murmured. "I promised my husband I wouldn't do things without him."

He just smiled, then took her hand and put it on his cock. "Come on, Tracy," he said. "Don't you want me to take this out of my pants so you can suck it for me?" He then gave her a huge open-mouthed kiss. Again she kissed him back, this time moaning and rubbing his cock through his pants.

When they broke the kiss he led her over to a chair and sat her down. Standing in front of her, he slowly un-zipped his pants, pulled out a huge cock and began to rub it all over her face. I knew at that moment that my wife was finished and if I didn't stop things, she was going to get used as his fuck toy. I decided to wait a while longer to see the events that would unfold.

She reached up and put her hand around it. "Oh, it's so big, Steve," she moaned. "Please let me suck it."

Steve stepped back with a grin, "If you want to suck me off, baby, take the top of your dress down so I can play with those big breasts," he said.

Tracy didn't even hesitate. She took a quick look around to make sure they were alone; then she slid the little straps off her shoulders, and her dress fell down to her waist. Steve stepped forward and started fondling those big tits, saying, "Open your little mouth, Tracy, and make me shoot." In a second Tracy was kissing his dick and slobbering all over it. She then took the head in her mouth and sucked it while stroking the shaft with her hand. 

Tracy never really sucked cock before, but in the last couple of months, she did learn a few tricks and talents at sucking cock. Away, back to the story.

"That's a good girl," Steve rasped. "Here it comes, baby suck it all up." She began moaning as she sucked, and then he was shooting in her mouth, and she was gulping and sucking harder. Finally his cock went soft and he pulled it out of her mouth. In spite of the things she had told me, I was amazed to actually see my wife behaving like this total slut and sex slave at her company convention. I was also incredibly excited.

Steve continued to play with her breasts. "Do you want more of this big dick in your mouth?" he asked her. "Or do you want it in your pussy? How about in your tight little ass?"

Tracy looked up at him and said, "Give it to me, Steve. Do anything you want to me, just let me have that big cock."

HE laughed and said, "Not right now, baby. We've got to go up to the suite to meet with a bunch of customers. We can get together again later."

They got themselves together and left. In a kind of daze I went to the front desk and asked which suite Tracy's company had. I then went up to see what it looked like. It was a huge room with a big bar, and a staircase leading up to another level. There was a big crowd, maybe a hundred people, taking and drinking. I just mixed in and stayed off to the side, waiting for Tracy to show up.

I didn't have to wait long. In a few minutes she came in, along with Steve and about ten other guys. Tracy looked beautiful, and it was apparent that she was having the time of her life. She was laughing a lot and leaning on Steve at the bar.

After a few minutes Steve walked around behind the bar and started making drinks for his buddies. Tracy went around with him. After a few minutes I noticed that Tracy had a strange look on her face. She was standing next to Steve, her eyes glazed and her mouth open. I worked my way around to the far end of the bar and looked behind it, and I couldn't believe my eyes. With all those people only a few feet away, Steve had his hand up under the back of Tracy's dress and was slowly finger-fucking her from behind. She just stood there with that glassy stare on her face as he played with her.

Soon after that I saw him lean over and whisper in her ear, and Tracy immediately walked across the room and went up the stairs to the next level, disappearing from sight. Steve walked around for a minute and then he went upstairs also. After a few minutes his friends began to follow. I waited just a minute longer, and then went after them to see what was going on.

At the top of the stairs there was a corridor with several rooms off it, and a group of guys were standing in the doorway of one of them, looking in. I moved to join them, trying to be inconspicuous. It was a bedroom, and it was fairly dark, with a small bedside lamp providing the only light. Steve was standing next to the bed with Tracy. He had his arms around her and was whispering to her. I couldn't hear what he was saying, but suddenly he began to kiss her very aggressively, and he reached up and started to fondle her breasts through her dress. I kept hidden as best I could behind a couple of the watching men, but I still had a perfect view from only a few feet away. Tracy later told me that she couldn't remember what he was saying to her, that all she could think off was his big dick and that she needed to get fucked.

Tracy still had that dazed, glassy look on her face, and she was clearly sexually aroused. She returned his kisses, moaning softly as he played with her breasts. Steve took her hand and put it on his erection, which was bulging out the front of his pants. Tracy immediately began rubbing his cock, her moans getting louder. Steve reached up and pushed the straps of her little dress off her shoulders, then started to pull it down. Tracy stopped kissing him for a second and panted, "Steve...all these guys..."

He smiled at her, and I could see his other hand go up under her skirt, obviously playing with her pussy. Tracy squatted down a little to give him more access and started making little whimpering noises, "Come on, Tracy." Steve said, "You know it excites you to have all these guys watching, and to know that they all want you. I told my buddies that you'd take care of all of us. Wouldn't you like that Tracy? Think of all of the hot cocks you can suck, think about all the come you can have in your pretty little mouth, in you pussy, in your tight little ass."

As he said this he slowly lowered the top of her dress, exposing her big breasts. He then began playing with her nipples, driving her crazy with lust. She was gasping and whimpering, and suddenly she said, "Please Steve, please give me your big cock now! I don't care who watches us, please let me have it before I go crazy!"

Steve laughed and stepped back. "Okay, Tracy, if you want me to give you this big dick, put on a little show for us. Go on, take off all your clothes so the guys can see that fine body."

You could have heard a pin drop. Tracy stood there, glassy-eyed and panting with lust. The watching men were perfectly silent, waiting to see what she would do. Tracy showed them. She reached up and pulled her dress over her head. She stood there in nothing but a pair of white thong panties. Then she peeled the panties off, and she was naked.

"Good girl," Steve said. "Now why don't you show the boys how you like your breasts played with, and then how you play with your pussy?"

Tracy again didn't hesitate. She sat down on the bed and started twisting her nipples with one hand, rubbing her clit with the other. Steve stepped in front of her then, his cock out of his pants now. "Come on, Tracy," he said. "Sow all of the guys how you love to make me shoot in your mouth. Suck my cock."

He started rubbing his cock slowly over her face, while Tracy tried to capture it with her mouth. He'd let her suck on it for a few seconds, then pull away from her. "Please, Steve, please," she moaned. "Let me suck it for you. I want to make you come."

Steve turned to the watching men, "Look how much she loves my cock. Hell, any cock, really. Watch how crazy she gets, especially when I come." Tracy was making mewling sounds deep in her throat while sucking nosily on his dick and stroking it with her hand. He let her work on it for a minute, then said, "Tracy, while you're sucking me off I want some of the guys to fuck you. Would you like that?"

Tracy took his cock out of her mouth just log enough to say, "You can do anything you want, just give me those big hard cocks. I want to make you all come!"

Steve again laughed and leaned back against the headboard as all the guys now moved into the room and crowed around the bed. Tracy was still slobbering all over his cock, licking his balls now, sucking and moaning, One guy, almost as big as Steve, climber up behind her and pulled her legs apart, then started fingering her pussy.

Tracy was now out of control. She was moaning and whimpering continuously, crouching there with one big guy rubbing his cock all over her face and another working on her pussy from behind, with about ten other guys watching it all, the guys around the bed now started taking their clothes off. A couple of them reached underneath Tracy and began playing with her tits, and one started fingering her asshole. The guy behind her now got between her legs and began to sink his big dick into her pussy, and she went crazy with lust. She looked back at him and cried, "That's it, that's it. Fuck my pussy, make me come, fill me up, fuck me!" The guy pushed all the way into her cunt and fucked her quickly, shooting his load inside her. As he pulled out, Tracy continued to hump her ass back and forth, crying out, "More, I need more! Someone please fuck me!"

Some of the guys were in awe and high-fiving each other. The guy who had fucked her was immediately replaced by a big black guy with a huge cock. "Baby, I want to fuck that tight little ass!" he said. He quickly lubed her asshole up with the combination of her own pussy juice, and cum running out of her cunt, and then began to work the head of his monster into her ass.

All this while she was still trying to suck Steve's cock, but she was moaning so much she was having trouble making him come. Finally he said, "Okay, Tracy, here it comes, honey, open your mouth." And he pulled away a few inches, and then shot a huge load, some of it in her mouth and the rest all over her face. He reached down and scooped up some of the cum, and Tracy sucked if off his fingers like it was candy. Meanwhile the black guy had squeezed the head of his dick into her ass and was fucking her hard, sliding in deeper with each stroke. Another guy stepped up in front of her and fed his cock into her moaning mouth.

After that it became a full-fledged gangbang, and for the next two hours I stood there and watched ten or twelve guys fuck my wife in her mouth, her pussy and her ass. By the time they left, completely fucked out, she was covered all over with sweat and come, and still begging for more. She had fucked and sucked just about every guy she worked with, and I knew it would happen again and again now that she had become the company whore and she was addicted to playing the slut.

When the last man had gone, Tracy lay on the bed on her back, nearly passed out. I went over to her and spread her legs. Globs of com covered her pussy and ass. I then went into the bathroom and started running a hot bath for her. She was going to be very sore for the next few days. When I placed her in the tub, she opened her eyes, smiled, and said that she was happy to see me. I told her I was too and that we needed to talk about her carrying a package of condoms from now on when some guy wanted to fuck her.