 Years back. I got my wife into fucking my friends and then turning tricks as well. This is one of our stories.

I have continued to work at my job, just as a part time basis because I continue to find it interesting and challenging. Meanwhile Tracy has been able to explore other aspects of her talents and personality over the past seventeen years. In particular, she has become quite skilled in the sex business.

Although she was always nice-looking, she used to be fairly casual about her looks, dressing conservatively and wearing a minimum of makeup. Immediately after starting her new trade, she began to exercise regularly at a gym, and in three months she had toned her body in a noticeable way. She lost about ten pounds, flattening her stomach and shedding several inches from her waist and hips. Her breasts also appeared perkier and bigger. She said proudly that she now measured 38DDD-27-36. 

Sometimes when she returned home, she would be a blonde, others a redhead, and others brunette. She almost always had on a skimpy sundress, revealing most of her legs and considerable cleavage—it was obvious that she didn't have a bra on. She looked unbelievably sexy. I would immediately get a hard-on. When she came over to give me a hello kiss, she pressed her body against mine and that it appeared the new her was having quite an effect.

She started to rub my neck and said she wanted to see whether blondes really did have more fun. We wound up having sex for several hours. I had never experienced her so voracious.

Unfortunately, I had to leave the next day on a two-week business trip. Before I left, Tracy had me take some digital photos of her nude so I wouldn't forget what was waiting for me. The photos were very explicit, including shots of her spreading her legs and revealing her cunt lips and neatly groomed pubic hair. When I asked what she planned to do while I was away, she said she would hang out with friends and I wasn't to worry. She said the best way to reach her would be via her cell phone.

I called Tracy every evening. Most times there was considerable noise in the background, and she said she was out to dinner with one of her friends. A few times there wasn't any background noise, although she sounded as though she had been breathing heavily.

When I got back, there was a note saying that Tracy would be home after midnight and couldn't wait to see me. She got home about one. I had waited anxiously, not knowing what to expect. She was wearing a short black leather skirt, fishnet stockings, red high heels and a black lace top that was cut low and was held together by silk ties in the front. Her makeup looked freshly applied, and her hair glistened. She was wearing perfume that smelted sweet.

She gave me a big smile, then a deep kiss. After asking perfunctorily about my trip, she announced that we had to talk. She hoped I wasn't too tired. I nodded okay. She said that while I was away she had been experimenting sexually. She said her adventuresome ness, even promiscuity—about which she was going to explain—wasn't about not loving me, just that she had to try new things on her own sometimes. Indeed, her greatest fear was that I wouldn't be able to take what I was about to hear. She was hoping, however, that the way we had left things indicated that I was open to her new sexuality and new experiences.

She had always been the good girl, the hard worker, even the nerd. But now that we were "comfortable," she wanted to experience what it was like to walk on the wild side. So for the last two weeks, she had done just that.

She asked if I wanted her to continue. I said I did. She said that for those two weeks she had been driven by an urge to have sex constantly. It began with the photos I had taken. She went to an Internet sex-club site and posted the photo of herself nude with her legs spread. She wrote that her husband was out of town and she wanted to have hot sex sessions with well-endowed men. She asked respondents to send photos to an Internet box. Within two hours she had photos of twenty guys.

The one she liked best was a muscular hulk in his twenties who had posted a photo of himself with an erection. It turned out that he didn't live too far away, so she e-mailed him to meet her at a suburban hotel in its lounge that evening at nine. She went in the same outfit she was wearing on my first evening back. She arrived an hour early, and registered as a hotel guest, to considerable stares from the staff and the other guests. She went up to the room (that's where she was when I called my first evening away) and left her purse, some sex toys she had bought, some condoms and her overnight bag.

She went down to the lounge about half past eight and sat at a fairly visible table with her drink. There was a small group of men in town for a meeting at a table nearby. They kept staring at her. One of them came up to her, started to make small talk, and then asked how much it would cost for her to take on his buddies and him. She was momentarily caught off guard, but quickly realized that given how she looked, she would be viewed as a hooker.

The thought of guys paying to have sex with her was exciting. She said she was expecting a date at nine, but asked how long they would be staying. Two more days, he said. She said she would meet him and his buddies tomorrow night—same time, same place. For the four of them, she said, it would be a thousand dollars each. He grinned and said, "No problem." She turned to his friends, smacked her lips and spread her legs slightly so that they could see her garter belt and thong undies.

When the hulk came in, he came directly to her. He was every bit as buff as his photo, and taller than she expected, well over six feet. He sat down and ordered a drink. As they talked, he touched her legs and her neck. She put her hand on his cock, which was getting hard. She told him she already had a room, and they left. As she passed the group of businessmen, she kissed the cheek of the guy who'd talked with her.

The hulk couldn't keep his hands off her in the elevator. He bent over to give her a kiss. She played with his increasingly hard rod as they tongued each other deeply. In the room they didn't waste time. The hulk had an incredible cock, incredibly long and thick. He took off Tracy's clothes as she did the same for him. He began to play with her clit as she began to lick his cock. She had a hard time getting it in her mouth. It took her about five minutes to adjust to his mammoth tool. Though she never was able to get it all in, he seemed happy, and soon his pre-come mixed with her saliva.

Between his playing with her and her thinking about being a whore and having group sex (for pay!) the next night, she was experiencing periodic convulsions, She said she needed him to fuck her hard, soon. She got out a condom, which fortunately slid on easily, and he took her missionary-style, pumping her for about fifteen minutes before he shot his wad. She built to an overpowering orgasm. Nothing had ever touched her and filled her that way.

They spent the night together, and he worked continually to make her come off. He had enough endurance to fuck her twice more, once from behind and once with her on top. The next morning she took his telephone number, thanked him for a great evening and said she would be in touch real soon. When she checked out of the hotel, the young desk manager said he hoped that she had a pleasant time.

That night she returned to the hotel shortly after we talked on the telephone. This time she wore a short low-cut black dress. She didn't bother with lingerie. The men were waiting in the lounge and invited her to sit down. They were all in their early thirties. She had a drink, and they laughed and joked. Then she said it was time to get down to business. They all went up to one of their hotel rooms, where she asked for her money up-front. They each gave her ten crisp hundred-dollar bills. She put them in her purse, then told the men to relax.

She tuned in some cool jazz on the radio and slowly took off her dress. Once she was nude, she undressed each of the men. As their erections grew, she sucked them in turn. None were as well endowed as the hulk the night before, but she liked the variety of shapes and sizes. Over the course of several hours she fucked them all twice. She had a couple of them fuck her in the ass. At one point she had them all going at once—one in her mouth, one in her cunt, one in her rear and one in her hand. She experienced a mind-blowing orgasm. She left them about midnight. She found the group sex exciting and relished the thought of being so trashy as to have become a hooker, even though she didn't need the money.

By the time Tracy completed her second night's story, I had an incredible hard-on. Rather than continue talking, she said she wanted to give me relief. She proceeded to give me an extraordinary blowjob. When I was about to come, she sat on my cock. She wasn't wearing panties, and I slid right in. It felt as though she was already full of come. Too quickly, I shot my load. Then we went to bed hugging each other.

The next day Tracy finished telling me how she had spent the week. She had gotten together with the hulk several more times, once with three friends of his, all incredibly endowed. On other nights she went to dance clubs and picked up strangers. One turned out to be a photographer, who took an incredible set of nude shots. She sent several off to a magazine that publishes photos of nonprofessionals. (They were published several months later.)

Although she didn't take money from anyone again in those two weeks, several months later she started an escort business. She didn't like being unemployed, and felt she now knew so much about pleasing men that she should turn pro. She also felt it was best to put some limits on her promiscuity. Essentially, my wife has become a high-class hooker. She keeps her customer base small. However, her extramarital stories are keeping the zest in our marriage. I particularly like that she dresses so sexually provocatively when she is with me.

Tracy's experiences those two weeks I was away were totally liberating for both of us. Her inhibitions, and to a lesser extent mine as well, are a thing of the past.