 Every husband knows not to just show up early without a call to the wife. No man ever wants to take a chance she might be doing something you would rather be oblivious to. Happy marriages are all about trust and ignorance. I have never betrayed Patty and I don't believe she has every betrayed me. However, I cannot help to hear my wife moans and the very real sound of sex happening in our bedroom. I'm glad the nearest neighbor is a mile away, because close neighbors would have no trouble hearing what I am hearing.

I angrily march to the bedroom, very ready to kill someone, and she is oblivious to the door being forced open. I stop dead in my tracks as I see her watching porn and hammering her spread pussy with a dildo. The volume is quite loud and she is not the only one moaning, but she does happen to be moaning loud enough to drown out most of the sounds coming from the screen.

My eyes move to the screen and see a line of guys waiting their turns to take the lone woman. One guy starts to cum inside of the woman's pussy and he pulls out. His dick is quickly replaced by another and he walks over to have his dick sucked clean. My wife pulls the dildo out of her shaved pussy and places it in her mouth. Granted, there is nothing like having her suck my dick after filling her pussy with my cum, but I had no idea she ever tasted her pussy any other way and I find it to be very erotic to watch.

I move close to the bed and she remains oblivious to my presence. She pulls the dildo from her mouth and is ready to hammer it deep inside of her gaping hole. I reach for the remote and press pause, which causes her to scream out. Her scream is not from pleasure, but from shock. She looks over and her face turns white. 

The shock starts to fade and she gets defensive, by demanding, "What the hell are you doing home."

I look at her sweaty face and say, "Business trip got cancelled. Thought I'd surprise you. What the hell is this?"

She shakes her head and her blond bangs move to hide her blue eyes, then says, "Just watching some porn, Sam. It's no big deal."

I scowl and point to the frozen gangbang scene on the screen, then say, "That's not just some porn. It's a fucking gangband and your getting off on it. What gives, Patty?"

She may be able to conceal things from me, like watching gangbang porn, but she cannot directly lie to me. Her mind is racing to find something to say that is less than honest, but I know she will tell me the truth. I just have to patiently wait until she answers, which is no easy task right now.

Her blue eyes drop and she mumbles, "It's a fantasy."

I can't believe I heard her correctly, so I ask, "Say that again, Patty? You mumbled and I don't know what you said."

She looks up and tears start to fall, then clearly says, "It's a fantasy, Sam. Why the hell did you have to come home early. Alright, Sam. I'll tell you. Should have just told you a while ago."

I look into her eyes and use a calming voice as I say, "I know it isn't just a fantasy. You know you can tell me anything. What's going on?"

She shakes her head and more tears fall, then she says, "You're right, Sam. A gangbang isn't just some fantasy. It's an overwhelming desire. It used to be enough to watch and pleasure myself, just like you walked in on. Now I need it. I'm sorry. I don't want to be unfaithful. This is driving me crazy."

I reach down to caress her cheek and lovingly say, "It's alright, Patty. You know I have my own desire that cannot be fulfilled. It's alright."

She looks up and says, "No, Sam, it isn't. You desire having anal with me. I desire having a lot of guys cum in my pussy and taking their dicks into my mouth after."

A thought crosses my mind and I decide to run with it, so I say, "I think we should help each other."

A confused look crosses her face and she asks, "Help each other how?"

My face is very sincere as I say, "Change Friday poker night with the guys to gangbang night. Is five guys enough?"

She looks for any sign I am poking fun at her and can find none, then she nods and says, "Perfect, Sam. You do this for me and I will never say no when you want anal. Hell, Sam, if you can arrange it, I'll never say no to anything. Sam, I mean anything. Are you sure you can get your poker buddies to do it?"

I smile and say, "They're guys. You are very hot. There's no way any of them will say no."

She asks, "Do they know your home?"

I say, "Called them from the airport. They'll be here tonight."

She grins in anticipation and says, "Get your clothes off and take me, Sam."

My dick is very hard as I remove my clothes, but not from the idea of my buddies fucking my wife tonight. The only reason I am hard is I know I am very close to finally getting anal. She has turned me down for years, but now I am on the verge of feeling my dick inside of a hole it has never known from any woman. 

I slide myself between her legs and easily press my six inches into her very wet pussy. She does an amazing job working her muscles as I start to build a good rhythm. Her pussy feels just like a velvet glove on my shaft and it does not take long before I give her what she wants. I explode inside of her pink hole and she grabs my ass hard to pull me in. My body feels the sensation of pure pleasure and I push myself to go deeper inside of her. 

My orgasm comes to an end far quicker than I wish, but I have very little control over such things. I pull out of her pussy and move my softening dick quickly to her mouth. She licks her lips and spreads them open, then quickly takes me in my entirety. While she has my dick in her mouth, she pushed the dildo deep inside and quickly pulls it out. Her mouth releases my cock and she finds pleasure in the taste of my cum and her pussy. 

A few hours later my poker buddies start to arrive and I lead them to the table. My wife is wearing a robe and nothing on underneath. She is handing out beer and they are all doing what they can to avoid looking down the front of her robe. None of them notice the cards missing from the table, since they are too busy trying to make small talk without being obvious with their glances. 

Everyone around the table is white, but that will change soon enough. The only one left is Caesar, who happens to be a rather tall man with very dark skin. I may not be looking forward to seeing anyone fuck my wife, but Caesar is not just anyone. He happens to be my best friend and the one least likely to go along with what my wife and I have planned. 

Caesar arrives and is lead to the table by my wife and his dark eyes look around to avoid staring at my wife's ass. My best friend is the only one that appears to notice there should be a poker game. He looks at me with a questioning look, while my wife grabs him a beer. 

I have prepared as best I can for this and say, "Just in case you haven't noticed, there are no cards on the table and no chips out. We're not playing poker tonight."

There is an immediate whirlwind of noise as they all start arguing about not playing. None of them have any intention on going anywhere else and they are all convinced they are going to be lucky for a change. The fact is, none of them want to go home to their wives and like to spend countless hours playing poker and trying to outdo each other with marital horror stories. 

I slap my hand on the table to silence them and yell, "Enough. No one is leaving. Just because I'm not taking your money tonight, doesn't mean I don't have something special planned."

Caesar shrugs his shoulders and says, "Whatever it is, beats going home to the beast. You know that woman put on another twenty pounds? Woman's going to eat me right into the poorhouse."

John smiles and his hazel eyes are filled with defiance, then he say, "That's nothing. Frozen tundra wants her mother to move in with us. Can you believe that shit?"

My wife smiles, since she enjoys hearing the horror stories and knows they are being far closer to serious than not. She did not care for any of them and hated Caesar's wife the most. He married an absolutely evil woman and she made his life hell. 

I slap the table again, since I know the stories are just starting, then say, "My wife wants to have a gangbang with all of you. Are you in?"

All jaws drop as my wife moves over to stand behind me. None of them can believe they heard my words correctly. There is a lot of murmuring and uncomfortable looks to anywhere, but where I am sitting. 

Caesar asks, "What the hell did you say? Because I know I heard that wrong."

I hear my wife speak from behind me, as she says, "No, Caesar. You heard right. I want you all to bang me tonight. But it's an all or nothing. Any of you say no, we drop it and you go back to playing poker."

Rick shakes his head and his long, blond hair moves madly with the rhythm, then says, "Holy shit. Your being serious. Fuck yeah, Sam. Count me in."

One by one they all agree, since banging my wife is far better than anything else they had planned. Only Caesar put up a fight, but it was short lived when I told him what I get in return. He understands the guy code perfectly and is willing to help me get anal.

I say, "Good. Now this is how it's going to work. You're all going to stand up and take your clothes off, then she is going to choose the order. Smallest dick first. Then you will wait in line and take turns banging my wife's pussy. No condoms needed tonight. Once you finish inside of her, she will suck your dick."

Max's brown eyes pops open very wide and says, "You mean she's..."

My wife cuts him off and says, "Yes, Max. I'm going to suck your dick after you cum in my pussy. And once you pull out, I want to feel another dick inside of me. This is a gangbang, gentlemen, not love making. I want you all to fuck me hard and fast."

Bill's green eyes are aglow with excitement and he says, "Definitely better than poker."

I nod and say, "I think so. Now you're all married, but your wives will never find out about this. If you can all keep your mouths shut about what happens tonight, we'll be doing this every Friday night."

I look at each and every one of them to ensure they understand, then say, "While you're fucking her, you can do whatever you want with her tits. Once you finish, hands off. If any of you can get hard again, get back in line. She'll fuck each of you as long as your hard. Now get off your asses and out of your clothes."

They all move quickly to remove their clothes and stand with very hard dicks just waiting for my wife. She stands before them and drops her robe and none bother to look anywhere else. Some of the guys are glued on my wife's tits, which are certainly more than a handful. Others are staring down at her shaved pussy with clear hunger. 

My wife takes her time to make sure she has them in the proper order and uses her hand on their erections. Caesar is clearly the largest and he must wait for the others to go ahead of him. While she carefully places the men in order, I remove my own clothes. I don't have an erection and certainly not going to stand in line with them, but I felt way overdressed. 

My wife leads them to our bedroom and they are all waiting with far more patience than I ever thought possible. I wasn't planning on watching her, but cannot bring myself to leave. She lays on her back and spreads her legs to reveal a very wet hole and I watch as Rick's blue eyes fill with pure desire. The guy only has a five inch dick, but he is quite happy with it now.

My wife nods to let him know he can start and he quickly slides his small dick into her pussy. His hands reach out and caresses her tits, while he starts to hammer away at her pussy. My wife moans, but does not close her eyes. She is staring right into his blue eyes and willing him to finish quickly. He yells out and squeezes her tits hard as he starts to fill her with his cum. The orgasm continues for quite some time to my wife's desire. 

He pulls out of my wife and I see a little cum dripping from the end of his dick and John enters as soon as he is out of the way. His dick is six inches long and average girth and my wife has to enjoy this one far more. Her mouth opens for Rick's dick and he moans as her tongue works to remove anything it can find. She releases his cock and he does not put up any fight to put it back inside her mouth. 

John starts to fuck her very hard and his fingers move to her nipples. She moans and stares into his hazel eyes as he uses everything he has to hold back on his release. His fingers start to twist her nipples hard and she ignores the pain. All that matters to her is she has another dick inside of her. She works her muscles and he also finds release quickly, but this is another long lasting orgasm. Once he hammers himself deep inside of her one last time, he pulls out and rushes to my wife's mouth. 

Before my wife has a chance to get his dick into her mouth, Max puts his six inches inside of her. The only reason he is going third is his girth is slightly larger than John. My wife already has more cum inside of her then ever before and she is far from satisfied. She greedily sucks John's dick clean while the hammering inside of her pussy intensifies. His hands move to her tits to add his mark to the redness growing on her pale flesh and her muscles push him completely over the edge. Another pleasantly long orgasm as Max adds to what is already deep inside of her. 

Just like John, he rushes to my wife's mouth and Bill easily gets his seven inches deep inside of her. Despite the pounding her pussy is taking, she diligently suck another pussy and cum coated cock. Bill chooses to squeeze her nipples hard and my wife moans out around the dick, then releases just as she is filled again. He withdraws and Caesar does not hesitate to fill her with his eight inch monstrosity. 

He lasts a little longer than the others and my wife has a free mouth with which to moan loudly. His hands grip her tits harder than anyone and he uses far more force to fuck her very hard. I can't help myself, as I watch his black cock enter her pink pussy over and over again. My wife needs more time to clean a seven inch cock, even if it is flaccid, so her moans continue to be muffled. 

Caesar continues to ram his black dick into my wife's pussy with a great deal of force and my wife releases Bill's flaccid cock from her mouth. Her moans are far louder as he starts to scream out and add to my wife's collection of cum. 

While he is cumming hard in my wife, I look to see if any of the other guys are able to go again. They are all doing what they can to reach a state of hardness, but it is of no use. Not one of them is ready to go, so I know my wife's pleasure is about to end. This is just fine by me, since I am going to get her ass very soon. 

Caesar pulls his massive black cock out of my wife and a lot of cum oozes out behind him. He moves quickly to my wife's mouth and she takes him entirely. With no cock entering her pussy, she knows it is over and takes her time with Caesar's dick. My wife's tits are very red from the punishment they received, which is something she really enjoys. 

My wife releases Caesar's dick slowly from her mouth and her eyes scan the room for any sign of a hardening cock. There is none to be found and I see her place her fingers between her legs and feel the cum continuing to ooze out of her pink hole. She pulls her fingers to her mouth and starts to work them in the same manner as she had Caesar's cock.

I look over at my buddies and say, "Alright, guys. Time to call it a night. Next week will be high card first."

They all start to make their way to the kitchen to dress and I stare into my wife's blue eyes. They are filled with pleasure and I am glad I could deliver that pleasure to her. My mind starts to go over the endless possibilities of what the future will bring. Anything is going to mean a great deal more than anal and I am going to take full advantage of her words.

The End