 Authors Note: This is another FICTIONAL story. All characters in the story are FICTIONAL with the exception of my wife and I and Jeff. All of the actions and conversations in this story are FICTIONAL. 

***** 

My phone rang on Saturday morning while Janice was out getting her hair done. It was Jeff. After the baseball game session he had promised me that he would arrange for my wife to blow me without her knowing that it was me. 

"Can you talk?" 

"Yes, Janice is at her hairdresser." 

"Ok, on Thursday all of the guys will be there by 2 o'clock. When you get there come in through the front door, not the basement, that way she will definitely not realize it's you." 

"But surely when I get in front of her..." 

He interrupted. "Look, trust me. Just do as I say. Oh, by the way, I have a couple more friends that want to join in so it will be ten instead of eight but some of them will only be there to watch. We have a surprise too." 

"What kind of surprise." 

"If I told you it wouldn't be a surprise would it? Just be there around 2.30 and we'll all be ready. Call me when you arrive and I'll say that I have to go outside to take the phone call. That way she will think it's just me coming back in. And she's not expecting you so don't say anything when you come in or you'll give the game away." 

I didn't like the way that he was telling me what was going to happen and that he had arbitrarily decided that he could invite whomever he liked to come and fuck my wife. 

When Janice got home I complimented her on her hair and I noticed that she had been out shopping for clothes. I didn't recognize the store name on the bag and she didn't offer up any information. She went straight upstairs to have a shower. 

Since Jeff and his three friends had visited, things between Janice and I seemed to be getting back to normal. Our sex life was still non-existent but at least we were conversing normally. I didn't let on that I knew that on Thursday afternoon she had a full blown gang-bang arranged and she didn't mention it either. 

The week went by slowly and uneventfully and on the Wednesday evening she told me that she had a doctor's appointment the next day and would not be going into work. In turn I told her that I had to be in the office all day and had a couple of client appointments later and so I probably wouldn't be home until 8pm. She seemed a little too pleased with that arrangement. 

The morning dragged by very slowly and I tried to imagine what my wife was doing to get ready for the afternoon and how excited and nervous she probably was. 

Finally I couldn't take it anymore and I left the office and headed home. It was only 1.45 but I wanted to park at the end of the street so that I could see who went into the house. 

I waited there for about ten minutes but only one car came by. It parked near our house but the occupants went into a house on the other side of the street. I wondered if perhaps there was going to be a gang-bang in that house too. Shortly after that two cars went past in quick succession and parked near the house. I couldn't tell how many guys went into the house but I knew that the party would soon be on. Less than five minutes later another car passed me. I waited to see where they went and was not surprised to see them heading for the house. I looked at them for a few seconds and realized that one of them was a white female. I guessed that she had been invited so that the guys weren't waiting around too long between fucks. 

Just before 2.30 I called Jeff's number and he soon appeared on the front porch. When I got there he said "you may be surprised at what you see in there but don't say anything or your wife will realize it's you." I promised to stay silent. 

The ground floor of the house is open plan. The kitchen, dining room and living room are really just all one big room delineated only by the furniture in each part. Jeff opened the front door and we went inside trying, in pantomime fashion, to sound like just one person. 

The sight that greeted me was interesting to say the least. There were two lines of five chairs set up facing each other. There was about a five foot gap between the two rows. The chairs were all occupied by guys except the one that Jeff had vacated in order to come and let me in. At the far end of the rows of chairs there was an armchair which was occupied by the woman who had arrived with the last two guys. She remained silent and nobody spoke to her. It was as if they all knew why she was there and it obviously was not to share her body with everyone. All eleven of these people were fully clothed. If I had to guess I would have said they were all in their late thirties to mid-forties. 

My wife was on her hands and knees between the two rows and all she was wearing was a blindfold. She was facing the armchair and I guessed that she had no idea that it was occupied by a woman. 

I stood in the kitchen area where I had a good view of the entire room and Jeff went and sat back in his seat. 

Most of the guys had drinks but several, including Jeff, did not. The beer was in the fridge in the kitchen and soon Jeff stood up to get one. As he walked past my wife he bent over to feel her pussy and as he stood up he gave her ass a light slap. This surprised her and she gave a small yelp and pulled her knees together a bit. One of the other guys stood up and slapped her ass and the guys all laughed. They were making lewd comments about Janice's body and frequently reached out to cup a breast or pinch a nipple. My wife didn't object to any of this but I felt sure that she wasn't enjoying it too much. 

A short tubby guy stood up and went to feel my wife's ass and pussy. He ran his fingers over her butt hole and I saw her shiver. Then he tried to touch her pussy but her legs were together. 

He slapped her ass hard and barked "Spread your legs slut." 

She spread them and he ran his hand down over her snatch. She gasped as he inserted a finger into her. He pulled his finger out and held it up for all to see. "I'd say she's just about ready guys!" he announced as he slapped he ass hard again. 

One of the other guys knelt in front of her and said "Open your mouth bitch." 

I imagine that she expected a cock to be pushed into her mouth but the guy pushed a finger in and ordered her to suck. She sucked and started to bob up and down on his finger and he laughed and said "Guys, I think she is going to be quite the cocksucker!" 

The guys were getting enjoying smacking her ass and I noticed that her cheeks were getting quite red. I wondered if her face was red too. 

It seemed that everyone was waiting for permission to get started and soon Jeff said "Ok everyone; it's time for some fun. Give it to her." 

There was quite a lot of noise as some of the guys stood up and stripped. I noticed that Janice spread her legs a little wider and I believe that she was trembling a little. 

One guy yelled out "I get the pussy first." 

Another said "I want to fuck her face." The guys laughed and lined up at their preferred end. Three guys lined up behind her and two in front. The other five seemed content to watch. 

Jeff came over to me and told me to strip and when I had he took me to the line that was waiting for her mouth. One guy was already in her mouth and Jeff made sure that I was next in line. 

Janice was giving a cute little squeak as the guy behind her rammed into her cunt and she gasped for breath as the guy in her mouth tried to push further and further in. The guy in her mouth finished first and then it was my turn. I wanted to be gentle for her and so I didn't try to force my cock down her throat like I knew some of the others would. I was worried that she might recognize me but then I figured that, as I had only been in her mouth three times in five years that was highly unlikely. Besides, I had used a different deodorant that morning hoping that it might throw her off. 

She took me into her mouth and I started rocking back and forth very slowly. I could feel her tongue working on the head of my cock and her lips squeezed the shaft very nicely. It wasn't long before I was ready to cum and I almost pulled out like I had to on the three previous occasions. Instead I pushed deeper into her and shot my load down her throat. I didn't pull out immediately after that but let her suck on my shrinking cock for a few moments. Then I slipped out and stood up and let the next guy take over. 

As I walked back to the kitchen I felt fantastic and I didn't care whether or not my wife was enjoying her afternoon. 

I passed Jeff on the way and he winked at me and whispered "When you have recovered why don't you try her pussy as well." 

When everyone who wanted to had had their fill Jeff called for a break and told Janice to sit up on her haunches and rest a bit. She was not allowed to remove the blindfold. Some of the guys sat and talked to each other and some others went over to fondle Janice. Now that her ass was not on view the guys started to play with her tits as they wandered past. A few guys gently slapped her tits and, before long, some were slapping a little harder. Soon her tits were getting red and her nipples were harder than I had ever seen them. 

After a while Janice was ordered back on to her hands and knees and the fucking started again. This time I lined up for her pussy. I noticed that Marcus was in front of me and he was particularly well endowed. His cock was easily nine inches long and quite thick. I knew that if I spoke my wife would recognize that I was there and so I tapped him on the shoulder and pointed to my cock and then to his and he saw immediately that I was trying to tell him that if he went first he would ruin her for me. He grinned and stepped aside to let me go next. 

When it was my turn I was determined not to be as gentle as I was with her mouth and I eased the head in and then went as deep as I could in one hard thrust. I continued to push into her hard and fast and I could hear her grunting with every push. For the first time in quite a while I was fucking my wife. I couldn't say that I was making love to her because all I was doing was hard fucking a slut like everyone else was. It felt good. 

When I finished I stuck around to watch her take the next cock. The big one. He was very gentle with her, easing it in little by little, but she was still gasping and squealing. I could tell that it was hurting her but it was also giving her pleasure. When he had about seven inches in her he started to pick up the pace and before long she was screaming in a mixture of pain and pleasure. When Marcus had cum inside her and pulled out she pushed the guy in her mouth out of the way and collapsed onto her stomach. She put her hand onto her pussy and gently massaged it as if it was bruised. 

After the guys had had their fun Jeff called a halt to proceedings and gave my wife a glass of water. She was allowed to sit on a chair but not to remove her blindfold. 

When she had recovered she was ordered back onto her hands and knees. At this point a collar was put around her neck and a leash was attached to the collar. She flinched when the collar went on and I suspect she was afraid of what was about to happen. I looked at the woman who was sat in the armchair and saw that she was taking her skirt off and she had no panties on. She scooted forward so that her pussy was near the front of the chair. Her pussy was beautifully shaved and I wanted it. 

With a hard slap on her butt Janice was ordered to crawl forwards on her hands and knees and I realized that she was heading for this gorgeous naked cunt. When she got there her head was shoved towards the slit and as soon as she made contact she knew exactly what it was. She started to lick the lips before pushing her tongue into the vagina. Then she ran her tongue slowly up and down and eventually gravitated to the clitoris. 

Early on in our relationship Janice had told me that her previous relationship was a same sex affair. Watching her tongue this woman it became obvious that she knew how to eat pussy and she enjoyed doing it. 

About ten minutes into this show Jeff beckoned me into the kitchen and told me that he was going to take my wife's blindfold off when she had finished pleasuring the woman and I should get dressed so that she didn't realize that I had been inside her. 

I dressed and went back to watch the show. It wasn't long before the woman's moans turned into loud squeals and her body started to spasm. She pushed her pussy hard into Janice's face and shuddered into an orgasm. 

Janice was lead like a dog back to her position between the rows of seats and the leash was removed from the collar but the collar itself was left on. Some of the guys were getting dressed ready to leave (perhaps they had wives to go back to) but six of them remained. 

Janice was told to stand up and the blindfold was removed. She looked around but was unsure what to do. She looked at the naked cocks and the still exposed pussy that she had just tongued and then she noticed me standing in the kitchen. 

She started moving toward the kitchen but stopped to fondle a few cocks on the way. When she got to the kitchen she went to the fridge and got a ginger ale. She took a sip. 

"Hi honey, been here long?" 

"A while." I replied. 

"Enjoying yourself?" 

"Very much so. You?" 

"Yes thanks." 

With that she took another sip of ginger ale and wandered back into the group of men. She started to fondle cocks again and the men gathered around her. She was smiling as the guys ran their hands over her body and she pushed her ass against various crotches. After the pounding she had taken over the past few hours I thought she would be ready to call it quits. Instead she found Marcus with the big cock and got down on her knees in front of him. She looked over at me to make sure I was watching and then she started to lick his balls. He wasn't fully erect yet but when my wife took the head of his cock into her mouth he soon shaped up. 

She knew that everyone in the room was watching and now that he was fully hard she stood up, turned around and bent forward putting her hands on one of the chairs. She spread her legs to give him access. He ran his hand over her slit to make sure she was wet and, satisfied that she was, started to ease his cock into her. She gasped as his helmet split her and then adjusted her position to get a little more comfortable. Apart from the wet sound of his cock sliding in and out of her and her moans of pleasure the room was silent. 

Inch by inch he eased his way into her, and when he finally had all nine inches in her, he started to pick up the pace. She started to get more vocal and she was gasping and her moans turned into more of a wail. I was watching her tits swinging wildly as he hammered into her. One of the other guys got down on his knees and started fondling her breasts and squeezing her nipples. 

She was close to orgasm now and she was screaming "Oh god, yes, yes. Fuck it hurts, don't stop, oh god it feels good!" Her body began to tremble and sweat was dripping from her face and chest. Then she made a noise that I can only liken to a wolf howling as she came. She collapsed to her knees and his manhood slipped from her snatch. It was glistening with my wife's juices and, I must admit, it looked magnificent. 

My wife lay on the floor for maybe ten minutes while she recovered. I noticed that her pussy was very red and swollen and her tits looked like they had been abused but she had an odd look of contentment on her face. After having Marcus in her cunt a couple of times already, not to mention all the other guys, I suspected that she would be quite stretched and if she planned on fucking them all again she would not really feel them much. When she got back to her feet she announced "Ok guys, one more each before you go." 

Janice told the guys to sit. The chairs had been re-arranged and there were now six in a single row. She started at one end of the row asking each guy in turn whether they wanted mouth or pussy. The first guy wanted a blowjob and so she got on her knees and gave him one. The second guy wanted pussy and so she straddled him and lowered her pussy onto his dick. She bounced up and down on him until he came. She carried on down the line until each of them had been satisfied. 

Janice stood up after her final blowjob of the evening and said "Ok boys, everybody out." 

The guys dressed and started to leave and I went out onto the porch again to talk to Jeff. 

"Is there another session planned." I asked. 

"Not yet, but Janice said next time she wants only black guys to play with." 

"How did she get naked today?" 

"We set the chairs up and she and she danced and stripped for us. Man, that girl loves to take her clothes off." 

I went back into the house to round up a couple of stragglers and see them out. After they were gone I shut the door and went back into the house and saw that the women were on the couch touching each other. I sat in the armchair to watch. They both noticed that I was there but carried on as if I wasn't. 

After a bit of fondling Janice stood up and offered the woman her hand. She took the hand and stood up to allow Janice to strip her. When she was naked she laid back down on the sofa. Janice leaned over her and started nibbling her ear. Then she traced a line with her tongue down her neck and onto her breasts. She pulled at her nipples with her teeth for a few moments and carried on with her tongue down to her pussy. For the second time that day she brought the woman to orgasm with her tongue. 

Then they switched positions and the other woman started to kiss my wife on the lips. Janice reciprocated and after a while the other woman started to run her tongue down my wife's body. As she headed to her nipples Janice held her head and pushed her down towards her pussy. I guess after all of the afternoon's activity her nipples were just too sore. 

The lady spent some time gently licking and kissing my wife's cunt until she again shuddered to another orgasm. Then she lay down on the sofa next to my wife and they hugged and kissed. I watched them in silence for some time until the other woman stood up and got ready to leave. They exchanged phone numbers, kissed again and my wife went upstairs for a shower. 

While she was in the shower I cleaned up the main floor and got dinner started. She came downstairs as if it was just another day. We ate dinner and once the dishes were washed and put away I decided I had to ask her some questions. 

"Did you enjoy that?" 

"Most of it. It got a little boring when the guys lined up for the second round and I didn't really enjoy them smacking my breasts. That hurt too much." 

"Why didn't you tell them to stop?" 

"Because the deal was they could do what they wanted so long as it wasn't dangerous and there was no anal." 

"What about when they collared you and lead you off on your hands and knees." 

"I was scared because I had no idea what they were going to do with me. I wanted them to stop and I almost pulled the blindfold off but as soon as I felt my face on a vagina I was fine. It surprised me because I didn't know that there was another female there." 

"Did you strip for the guys?" 

"No, Jeff blindfolded as soon as he arrived so that I couldn't see anyone else who came in. When everyone was there I was passed around and they took turns taking a piece of clothing from me." 

Somebody was lying to me again. 

"How did you like that?" I asked. 

"It was very exciting. When I had no clothes left I was passed around again and touched all over. Some places more than others." She giggled. 

"What did you enjoy most?" 
