 NOTE: This story contains, among other things, male on male sex. If you find that offensive, please move to another story. Otherwise, your comments are greatly appreciated.

*

It started with my wife Pam. She has a love for cock that I have never witnessed before in anyone else. She is constantly playing with mine, in public and private; she can't keep her hands off of it. She loves to tease me, loves to watch me grow hard, and loves to suck endlessly on it afterwards. She takes great pleasure in slurping my cock in the most delicious ways and always insists that I watch while she performs her magic. Slow, fast, deep, soft; she does it all and it's incredible. I have to admit that after two years of watching her supreme enjoyment has caused me to be curious of the act myself. 

It was a Saturday night and we were both feeling the need to get out of the house. We decided to get dressed up and go dancing. Pam dressed to the nines in a low cut dress that had a pretty short hemline. We went to a dance club for some drinks and it wasn't long before many of the men inside were eyeing Pam. She gave them her famous 'fuck me' look and a few came by the table and asked graciously if they might dance with my wife. I didn't mind and I knew Pam loved the attention, so I always said yes. 

One guy came by for a dance and I could tell Pam was really interested in him. They got up to dance and I watched from the table. While they were up the music went slow and they held each other close for a slow dance. I watched them dance and noticed one of Pam's hands was missing from around the guy's waist. On closer inspection, I saw that she had worked it down between them and knew she had to be playing with the guy's cock!

Now we hadn't talked about this. I didn't know what had gotten into my wife, but decided to sit back and watch. I knew exactly what she was doing to him because she had done it to me a thousand times before. I could see his hips thrusting ever so slightly and knew he had to be horny as hell. I wasn't sure where this was going, or what she had in mind, but decided to let things unfold and see what happened. When they came back to the table I invited him to share a drink with us, which he quickly accepted. I did notice that his pants did a poor job of hiding the massive erection he was sporting compliments of my wife. 

We talked and sipped our drinks getting to know each other. I noticed Mike had this huge smile on his face during the entire conversation. Then I noticed that Pam's hand was under the table and knew she had to be playing with his cock! Jokingly I asked her if she was enjoying herself and she just smiled. I then felt her hand find mine under the table and guide it to what ended up being Mike's lap where I felt the warmth of his exposed cock sticking up through the zipper of his pants. 

"Pam!" I shouted withdrawing my hand quickly. I felt a flush come over my face. I wasn't sure if it was from anger, shock or the fact that I had just touched another guy's cock for the very first time in my life. 

"No, no, no" she said sweetly. She grabbed my hand once again and placed it on Mike's cock. "Feel the size of his cock!" I couldn't believe what she was saying. But as she said it I was struck with the fact that his cock was huge! It was thick and long, and hard as a rock. I found myself unconsciously running my hand up and down its length gauging its size. 

I knew that Pam would love to suck a cock of this size and the thought of watching her do so certainly intrigued me. I even envisioned them fucking with this cock splitting her in two. That intrigued me as well. We had never talked about having sex with another man, but if we were, Mike certainly seemed right for the job. 

Suddenly I came to my senses and realized what I was doing. I released his cock and withdrew my hand back into my own lap only to find the two of them smiling back at me. 

"Can we take him home?" Pam asked with lust-filled eyes. There was no way I could refuse her a cock like Mike's. The thought of watching her with such a magnificent specimen had me going and I said yes. Mike readily agreed, but asked what to do about his friend Jordan who had come to the club with him. Before I could respond, Pam invited him as well and I could see we were in for a very different night. 

Pam ushered everyone straight into the bedroom as soon as we got home where Mike and Jordan set about undressing my sweet wife. Soon enough she was sprawled butt-naked on the mattress and purring her approval as Mike and Jordan fondled and licked her lovely breasts while taking turns toying with her wet folds. When she could take the teasing no longer, she ordered the three of us to get undressed—and to be quick about it. 

The three of us began to undress and I could see that our two visitors were making a show of it. I stood to one side so as not to interfere and continued to undress finding myself strangely curious to see them naked. I was amazed when Mike's cock came into clear view as it was indeed as large as it felt in the club. And his friend Jordan was a close second. Both were sporting tempting erections. 

Jordan knelt by Pam's head and seconds later it disappeared between my wife's lips as Mike positioned himself between her spread legs, feasting on her lovely, sweet pussy. I knelt at her side, savoring the sight of these two attractive studs pleasuring my wife as I idly stroked my hard-on. It was when I caressed her breasts and pinched her nipples that she exploded in her first orgasm, moaning around Jordan's cock while Mike kept his face plastered to her convulsing sex. 

When she'd calmed down some, Pam ordered Mike onto his back and then, squatting over him, asked me to guide his cock into her pussy. I bent down and took his cock in my hand once again. It felt good and I surprised myself by pumping it a few times, which he obviously enjoyed, before steering to my wife's pussy. I held the base while she sank down consuming its entire length in one swoop. 

I don't know why, but I didn't let go of it until she rode it a couple of times bumping into my hand each time. Somehow, we were fucking her together and I liked that. And from her moans, Pam enjoyed it too. She then looked me in the eye and asked me to guide Jordan's cock back into her mouth. 

I looked at Jordan's hard cock, sitting just inches from her lips, and wrapped my hand around its base. His cock felt so much different than Mikes. I was amazed by how easily I had grown accustomed to handling other men's cocks. I took the opportunity to stroke Jordan's cock a few times and found it most erotic. I marveled at its warmth and hardness and looked up to see him smiling his approval. 

Then I held the base and ran the tip across her lips lazily watching as she nibbled away with her tongue. Then I held it still and watched her consume it lovingly in her mouth. Inch by inch, her lips gobbled it up until his balls were right against her chin. 

I fell back against the bed, cock in hand, and stroked myself watching my wife in all her glory. Filled to the limit, she was in heaven. Then the strangest thing happened. I felt a hand on my cock followed by a warm pair of lips wrapped around the end. I looked down to see Mike sucking the tip of my cock into his mouth while my wife rode his cock.

I was caught off guard, but only for a moment. Mike teased my cock with his tongue and it felt divine. But now my ever-playful and always naughty wife had a surprise for me. With her lips stretched around Jordan's cock, she looked at me, then down at Mike, and beckoned me with her finger. 

I leaned towards her careful not to impede Mike's efforts. She took Jordan's cock out of her mouth and guided it into mine. I don't know why, but I just opened wide and took Jordan's cock into my mouth. For the first time I knew what it felt like to have a penis between my lips. I couldn't help but think of all those times I had watched Pam slurp on my cock and I proceeded to do the same to Jordan, much to his appreciation. 

His cock felt great, nice and hard, and very warm as I proceeded to suck. I ran my lips over its length and played with it using my tongue. He moaned and his hips gyrated as I drove him crazy with my mouth. 

I could feel Pam's eyes watching as I sucked Jordan's hard cock right up to his balls. I knew then how she felt when I watched her and decided to give her the best show I could. 

I slurped on his cock going from tip to base and back again. I ran my tongue along the length of one side and then down the other side before taking the whole thing into my mouth. I flicked my tongue over the end, so that she could see, which really drove her crazy. She couldn't believe that I was sucking his cock, nor could she believe how much I was enjoying it. 

I grabbed the base of his cock and held it where I could lick his length with my tongue. Pam let out the most sensuous moan as I did and I knew she was enjoying the show. As I continued to suck Jordan's cock, Pam removed herself from Mike's and gently put her hands on my waist and turned me around. 

I had no idea what she was doing, but followed her lead. Jordan leaned back against the bed and Pam positioned me between his spread legs where I continued to caress his cock. Then I caught her positioning Mike behind me and suddenly realized what she had in mind. 

I wasn't sure I was ready for that, but then felt Mike rub his cock up and down along the crack of my ass. I heard Pam moan and glanced to my side to see her staring at Mike with lust filled eyes. It wasn't Mike rubbing his cock up and down my ass, it was her. 

I tried to lift my head to protest, but felt her other hand holding me gently in place on Jordan's cock. With a nod from her, Mike pushed the tip of his cock inside me. Suddenly I was in a different world. 

I knew thinking about it would only make it worse, so I focused on sucking Jordan's cock. We had developed a rhythm together with him gently thrusting his hips forward and me clamping my lips tightly around his thick shaft as he slowly fucked my mouth. I felt Pam's hand being replaced by Jordan's behind my head and knew he was definitely getting into it. I felt Mike's hands on my hips pulling me toward him as he drove his cock ever deeper inside me. 

I heard soft moans coming from across the room and realized that Pam moved to the chair next to the bed... watching us, pleasuring herself. And what a show it must have been. My head was swimming with all these new sensations, so erotic, so sexual. 

It was then that I felt Mike's balls pushed up against me and realized he had his entire cock inside me. Mike gave me a moment to get accustomed to his length and then began gently rocking back and forth working his cock inside me. 

I couldn't believe what was happening, but it had. I was pleasuring two men...and I liked it. Mike pumped his huge cock into me with stronger and greater force and I found myself pushing back against it, hungry for more. He held my hips just where he wanted them and thrust his cock into me over and over again. My heart was pounding and I licked and sucked Jordan's cock as if my life depended on it. 

Jordan began moaning louder and louder and I knew he was close to climax. I was somewhat apprehensive about tasting his semen, but with his hands firmly holding my head in place, his cock exploded in my mouth and filled it with his cream. Something came over me, as I tasted those first warm spurts filling my mouth. It was so erotic, so different...I swallowed and found it easy. I loved the salty taste of the warm thick liquid as it eased down my throat. Jordan's cock erupted several more times and I drank it all down easily. 

Now spent, Jordan pulled his cock from me and moved out of the way. He joined Pam and watched as his friend continued to drive his cock deep inside me. I cradled my head in my arms, sweat pouring down my forehead, and tilted my ass just right so Mike could thrust his entire cock into me. I had abandoned any self-respect and submitted myself completely to him and his huge cock. 

His strokes were so powerful, so intense, I felt like a rag doll on the end of his cock. He pulled my hips towards him as he drove that cock of his deep inside me. For the first time in my life I knew what it felt like to be completely submissive. I started concentrating on Mike's thrust, the feel of his balls as they slapped up against me. Once I had his timing, I began pushing back, back against his cock, taking his entire length on each thrust. Now we were fucking together.

"Mm, that's it…fuck me…fuck me with that cock of yours" I cried out in the heat of passion. I heard a loud moan and knew Pam was experiencing another orgasm from watching me and I felt a sense of pride. 

Mike started thrusting harder, deeper and I knew he was ready to climax. I couldn't wait to feel his cock explode inside me. I pushed back as hard as I could and then it happened. He held my hips tight, taking full control, then moaned uncontrollably. I knew at that very moment he was pumping his load deep inside me. 

He started swaying from side to side as his orgasm took control of his body and I swayed with him receiving his sperm. After what seemed like years, Mike pulled his cock from me and I collapsed on the bed.

I lay there in an erotic haze, drifting in a sea of passion. I couldn't believe what I had just experienced. In all my life, I would never have guessed that it could be nearly that intense. 

But the boys were not finished with me yet. It appeared they wanted me to have a full male-male experience. I felt hands along my body and suddenly I was turned over, my erection exposed upward. I felt two sets of hands wrap around my cock and balls. With the taste of Jordan still in my mouth, my ass lost without Mike's cock, they began to pleasure me.

The feeling of two pleasuring me at once was beyond description. I just closed my eyes and luxuriated in the sensations washing over me. First Jordan took my in his mouth and began worshipping my cock. Now they say that no one gives a blowjob better than another man and Jordan seemed intent on proving that. 

Now Pam loves to suck my cock and she can get me hard in about three seconds. There is nothing I like better than to feel her lips wrap around the end of my cock. But Jordan was entirely a different story. He knew every little thing about my cock. His tongue was everywhere, doing everything, and I was going crazy. 

As Jordan expertly sucked my cock, Mike scooted underneath and danced his tongue along my balls. The combination of the two was indescribable. Once again I felt like I was being taken, they were in control. 

After some length of time, they switched places. It was clear that Mike loved the head of my cock. He slipped it just past his lips and then danced his tongue around the mushroom shaped head driving me this side of insane. Then he applied this sucking sensation, running the tip back and forth across his lips while teasing my slit with his tongue. 

Just when I thought I was in heaven, Mike pulled my cock free and then held it straight out between them. Then I felt two tongues, one on each side, teasing, licking and sucking. It was more than I could have imagined. They took turns sucking the end inside their mouths; sucking hard and then letting the other take his shot. I was totally convinced that my cock was the only thing keeping them alive. 

I started moaning and swaying, taken by the sensations that flooded my mind. The boys knew I was close to orgasm, and as if by pre-arranged instructions, went into full slurping mode. The increased intensity was just too much and I felt myself growing feint. Then it happened. 

The sperm came rushing up from my balls and shot out the end of my cock with such force that it struck Mike in the face. He quickly took the end of my cock inside his mouth and sucked the next spurt from me. He just as quickly turned my cock over to Jordan so he could get some as well. He wasted no time sucking the next few spurts from me as well. By the time I had emptied my balls I was totally exhausted. 

I slipped into a dreamlike state filled with erotic sensations and visions. Somewhere in a far off place I heard the boys putting on their clothes and getting ready to leave. I was too exhausted to move. I was surprised by what happened next. I heard Pam giving the boys some money saying, "That was great guys... he never suspected a thing. I'll give you a call when we are ready to go again."