 Author's note: This is a work of fiction and fantasy. No copyright infringement is intended. Nintendo®, WiiU, Wii FitTM U, Wii U Balance Board are all trademarks and copyrights owned by Nintendo. Not really sure how to categorize this story because there's so much going on. I'm going to put it into Group Sex, although it could just as easily find a home in Science Fiction and Non-Human. Enjoy, and as always,comments are appreciated.

MF, MFM, MMF, exh, voy

I have quite the tale to tell. You're probably not going to believe me. I wouldn't believe me if I hadn't been the one to experience it. At least I think it was me. Maybe I am going crazy, but I swear this happened exactly as I will relate it presently.

††††††††††

It all started with the accident that robbed me of my life 12 years ago; a promising career, a beautiful fiancee, a fantastic car, friends. My decision to drive home after a few beers cost me all those things. I had been out celebrating a hefty bonus with my fiancee Alexis and several friends. I guess I had had too much to drink, but like a fool, I told everyone I was okay to drive.

As we sped towards a blind curve, I didn't realize I had crossed into the other lane and my BMW M3 was hit head-on by an oncoming van. Alexis died at the scene. I was a shattered wreck; both legs broken in multiple places, several crushed ribs, dislocated shoulder, broken right arm and thumb. I had also chipped the orbital bone over my right eye, and the bone fragment had nicked the ocular nerve, so I later discovered that my vision out of my right eye was fuzzy at best. Of course I didn't know all this at the time because I was in a coma. I came out of it 6 weeks later to learn all this. I grieved for Alexis, and was charged. I pleaded guilty and was sent to a minimum security prison for 9 years.

After getting out, I moved in with my parents. My life was in ruins. Nobody in the insurance industry (in which I had worked before the accident) wanted to hire a drunk driver who killed someone. So I sat in my parents' basement day after day, like a bump on a log, playing video games and masturbating. Believe me; it was not much of an existence.

For a while my folks never said anything to me. I assume it's because they thought that I would come out of my funk in my own time, pick myself up by my bootstraps and turn my life around. But instead, I was a total waste of space. I didn't take care of myself; my hair grew long and shaggy, my clothes went unwashed, my room was filthy and I got fat.

Before the accident, I had been athletic and active. I was an avid mountain biker, dragon boat racer, swimmer and snowboarder. I had tonnes of friends, lots of money and a beautiful woman. Now I didn't leave the house at all. I had nothing but my video games and my regrets.

Finally my folks got fed up and started trying to entice me to leave the house. My dad sat down and attempted to talk to me about my life as it had become. Things got heated and turned into a shouting match. It ended when dad stormed out, telling me to man up.

My mom was much more subtle (read passive-aggressive) in her methods. She tracked down some of my old friends and left their phone numbers laying around where I could find them. I also started finding newspaper clippings for jobs and social activities on the nightstand beside my bed. She occasionally came home with 'gifts' for me; fitness magazines, exercise DVDs, new clothes (that were too small for me now), running shoes etc. I thanked her, but my thanks rang hollow and her efforts were for naught.

Then one day she came home with something that would ultimately change my life and is the reason I'm telling you this crazy tale. At first, the Wii Fit U game and Balance Board went into the pile with all the other unused and unappreciated fitness stuff.

A couple weeks later, I was on one of my favourite webcam sites, jerking off, when I got paged by someone who was watching me. To my surprise, she was female!

Her: Hey, u got a sec?

Me: Yes, anything for you honey.

Her: OK, u srsly need 2 lose some weight & clean up ur area dude. I ttly puked when I saw u come up on my screen. And u have a cheezy stuck to your chest! HAHAHAHA!

Me: Fuck you you little bitch!

Her: Lose some weight fatty!

Then she signed off. I sat there in stunned disbelief. I mean, I knew I had let myself go. And I knew my room was not that tidy, but to have a female stranger say those awful things (truths) to me was a turning point. I was finally aware that I had reached rock bottom. It even spoiled my erection!

I turned off my cam, logged off the site and shut down the computer. I pulled out one of the fitness mags and thumbed through it. I didn't find anything too appealing or instructive. I read the descriptive blurb on the case of the fitness DVD and decided that it didn't sound too good either. That's when I pulled out Wii Fit U.

I had heard good things about Wii Fit U from various forums and video game review shows. It got great reviews as being easy to use and a good way to gently ease into some sort of fitness routine.

I booted up my Wii U console and paired the Balance Board. Then I inserted the game into the console. I was greeted by an animated Balance Board that walked me through how to register my Mii (an animated avatar that you create for the Wii U console that's used in various games). It asked me to enter my age (40), height (5'10), and then it instructed me to stand on the Balance Board while it weighed me. When it returned with 280 lbs, I wasn't shocked. I looked down at my feet (or tried to) while it prompted me to do a balance test. My balance was horrible and I ended up being judged to have the body, balance and fitness level of someone more than twice my age.

These facts, combined with the shit that webcam girl heaped on me earlier that evening, reinforced my earlier epiphany. I needed to turn my life around and see if I could improve things to at least make life bearable again.

Next, the game prompted me to select a trainer. The two choices were male and female. I naturally chose the female trainer. When the female trainer appeared on the screen and told me that it would be her pleasure to train with me, I found myself thinking that the pleasure would be all mine. The trainer was attractive (for a computer generated character on the screen of a video game) and had this face that appeared welcoming and yet serious too. Her body was tight and lean. She was wearing a green tank top emblazoned with the Wii Fit U logo and black yoga pants. I marveled at how well the game designers had drawn her. Also, to my shame, I found myself oddly a little aroused by her.

Still, I needed to begin my work out, so I shut out those thoughts and went to the Select Exercise screen. I really had no idea where to start, having been unable and unwilling to exercise for the last nine years. I opted to start at Yoga and selected the first exercise; Deep Breathing.

The trainer came on the screen and demonstrated how to perform the exercise. I followed the on-screen prompts and tried it myself. At the end of the 2 minutes I actually felt a little light-headed and was disappointed to see that I had only scored a 37 out of 100 for my ability to stay balanced.

I was determined to proceed though. I poked around and tried other Yoga poses, starting with watching the female trainer demonstrate the movement/pose, then trying it myself. Some of them hurt to perform, and they all ended up being really challenging to me. However, the trainer reminded me that it would get easier with more practice, and gentle reminders to not give up.

After I completed 10 Yoga exercises, I moved on and tried some of the Strength Training exercises with even less success than I had at Yoga. I was quite embarrassed by my inability to complete more than 2 Jackknives (stomach crunches), and I fell doing my first Push Up and Side Plank exercise. It looked like Strength Training would need to wait. Also, the trainer was a little distracting, bending this way and that. I found myself getting more and more aroused while watching her demonstrate movements.

I was sweating and breathing heavily by the time I got to the Aerobic exercises. The basic Hula Hoop nearly killed me, although the Basic Step was more my speed. I didn't dare try any of the running, boxing, or dancing exercises.

Finally, I decided to try some of the Balance games. My experiences with Yoga had demonstrated my lack of balance, and these exercises only reinforced that. The one bright spot is that I had completed 45 minutes of exercise today, and burned 184 calories. I was pretty impressed with myself.

To finish off the session, the game prompted me to do a Body Test. The Body Test measures your left/right balance and your weight. It also takes a picture of your face with the camera on the Game Pad. So I did the body test: the results were 280 lbs and a left/right balance of 66/34. It said I had the "fitness age" of a 88 year old man.

Not a great start, but it was a start. I was going to stick it to that little webcam bitch and lose weight.

Remembering my interrupted arousal from earlier, I shut off the Wii U and went to my computer. I watched Hentai porn (about a kid who gets to fuck one of his video game heroines in real life) and within 2 minutes I splattered my cum all over my fat belly.

††††††††††††

My next several exercise sessions were as frustrating and tiring as that first session. However, I did notice some progress, and as much as I knew she is programmed to encourage, it felt good to hear the female trainer offering encouragement.

Gradually my scores improved and I was able to earn 2 (out of 4) stars on some of the Yoga exercises. I decided to try the Strength Training and Aerobic exercises again, and found that they were a little bit easier to manage now. At the end of every session, I did the Body Test. It was during the test that the results were displayed and my progress could be measured. In the first 3 weeks of daily workouts, I had dropped 10 pounds and gotten my left/right balance to 52/48. My fitness age had also come down to 68.

Also during this time, I began job hunting again and I used my computer to look up information on healthy eating. My parents both noticed a change in my attitude and offered their support and encouragement. The job hunt was still a wild goose chase, but with all the other positive changes in my life, it didn't seem to be the end of the world for me.

Three months after initially starting Wii Fit U, I was now able to do all of the exercises with some degree of success. I was eating better and felt better about myself. I had lost 21 lbs and was down to 259. It was about this time that Nintendo released a patch for the game. The release notes explained that the update was going to give the Wii Fit U trainers some personality tweaks and some AI (artificial intelligence) so that their interactions with players would be better.

I downloaded the patch, and then launched the game. A notification appeared stating the following:

"Your software has been updated to include the following improvements:

