 Authors Note: This is another FICTIONAL story. All characters in the story are FICTIONAL with the exception of my wife and I and Jeff. All of the actions and conversations in this story are FICTIONAL.

*

It had been a few months since my wife Janice had enjoyed her gangbang at our house. Our sex life, which had lain dormant for so long, had finally shown signs of life. One evening she came in from work and, without saying a word, stripped me naked. I spent the evening that way, fetching for her when she wanted something. When I brought her something or did some chore for her she would play with my balls and run her fingers up and down my shaft but she would not let me cum. Finally, at the end of the evening, she jerked me off. I came on the hardwood floor and, as she was going up the stairs to bed, she told me to clean it up. When I got to bed I was allowed to go down on her but was not allowed to put my cock inside her.

One Friday evening she told me that Jeff had called to let her know that Marcus had invited some friends over on the Saturday and she was welcome to join them. Marcus was the guy with the nine inch cock that Janice had been afraid of at her gangbang and it was he who had a finished basement with a bar and pool table. Janice didn't bother asking my opinion, she made it clear that she was going. She told me that she needed me to give her a ride to the house and I asked if would be allowed to stay.

She called Jeff back to tell him that she would be there and would he mind if I came to watch. She put him on speaker and he said "No problem at all."

She asked him how many guys would be there and he told her "six or seven, no more than that."

Then I heard her ask "how many white guys will be there."

He replied "Only your husband."

She laughed excitedly and said "Oh good, all black guys."

When she had hung up I asked her why she wanted only the black guys. She told me "The white guys who had been here those two times weren't as considerate as the black guys and besides, black cocks are so much nicer to look at."

"What are you looking forward to most?" I asked.

She replied "All of it, perhaps even three cocks in me rather than two."

"Do you mean anal?" I asked.

"Well it sure as hell won't be in my ear." she replied.

Early on in our sex life I had asked her if she had ever had anal sex and she had said "Never, I would never do that." I wondered if this was going to be another inhibition that was about to fall by the wayside.

Saturday morning arrived and I watched a late season soccer game on the TV and then went out to run a few errands. We were supposed to be at the house for 1pm and so I promised to be home by noon.

When I arrived home Janice was still in the bathroom getting ready. I half wondered why she was spending so much time on her preparations when she would probably look pretty used in a couple of hours.

When she came downstairs she wasn't wearing make-up and her outfit consisted of her usual "fuck party" buttoned blouse and, this time, a very modest below the knee skirt. She was carrying a pair of high heeled shoes. There was no indication of what underwear she was wearing. I asked her what had taken her so long and how come no make-up. She told me that she was making sure everything was properly shaved and she didn't want to wear make-up because "it wouldn't look too good when things got sweaty."

The house that we were going to was less than a 20 minute drive away but we set off much earlier than we needed to. We found the house in a typical residential suburb. It looked to be a regular house on a regular street. There were kids playing in neighbouring yards and a couple of guys taking advantage of the weather to wash their cars in the driveways. We parked in the street and went to the front door. I asked Janice if she was ok. She was breathing a little faster than usual but I couldn't tell if it was nerves or anticipation. Probably both I thought to myself. I rang the doorbell and said to Janice "I wonder if the neighbours have any idea what is going to happen in this house today."

She replied "Hope not."

Marcus opened the door and invited us in. Well, not strictly true, he invited my wife in and I just tagged along. Marcus was wearing a white t-shirt, jeans and sandals. I noticed that Janice was staring intently at his crotch and then I realized that even though the jeans weren't particularly tight, the outline of his tool was plain to see.

Marcus noticed that she was staring and he said to her "Patience girl, you'll get enough." She blushed and smiled but still had difficulty looking away.

He showed us to a set of stairs and said "Go on down, I'll be down in a minute."

The basement was very nice. It looked bright even though there were only a couple of lights on, and was comfortably furnished. The basement was a large room that I figured occupied the entire footprint of the house. One corner was sectioned off with a room which I guessed held the furnace, water tank and laundry. The bar was just to the left of the stairs and the pool table in the middle of the room. There were a dozen or so bar stools placed against the walls and I also noticed a dart board on the wall. In another corner there was a big screen TV on the wall and two large sofas and a La-Z-Boy recliner.

I heard footsteps on the stairs and figured Marcus was coming so we made our way back to the bar. We were surprised to see a woman coming down the stairs.

"Hi, I'm Ronnie" she said. "You must be Janice, I've heard a lot about you."

"Good stuff I hope" my wife replied. "Do you participate?"

"No, I'm Marcus's wife. I get more than enough from him. These days I just watch."

Then she turned to me "You must be Janice's husband. I hear you like to watch too."

I could feel my face going red. "Yes, I do."

"Don't worry" said Ronnie "we can sit and watch together."

"Ok." I replied. I didn't have much to offer to this conversation.

Just then the doorbell rang and we heard Marcus yell "I got it."

We heard voices upstairs and then two black guys came down the stairs. I recognized one of them from Janice's gangbang but did not know the other.

Ronnie knew them both and, after a kiss and a hug, the guy I recognized came over to my wife and hugged her and said "Hey girl, good to see you again."

Ronnie was maneuvering me toward a bar stool at the far end of the bar as my wife and the two guys started to get friendly with each other.

"Ah, ah, ah! No, no. Not until everyone is here." Ronnie admonished.

"Ok Mom." one of them joked and they went to see what sports they could find on the big screen TV.

Ronnie offered my wife a glass of wine and I had a beer and we sat and chatted.

Soon there were more footsteps on the stairs and another black guy came down into the basement. I didn't recognize this guy at all. Ronnie introduced him as Don. I later learned his name was Dante but everyone called him Don for short. He was a little overweight but I don't think that my wife cared. She was looking directly at his groin. I realized that Janice was anxious to get the party started. Don went to join the other two guys in front of the TV.

Ronnie, Janice and I sat around chatting for a while and then Marcus came down to tell us that he just heard from his friend Eddie. They had apologized for being late but said they would be there in fifteen minutes or so. Then the doorbell rang and Marcus went back upstairs to get it. Shortly after a fourth black guy came downstairs and said "Hi." to Ronnie and immediately went to join his friends at the TV.

Ronnie disappeared back upstairs "to help Marcus with the food" and Janice and I remained seated at the bar. I smiled when I noticed that she was drumming her fingers on the bar. She was very nervous but also excited and anxious to get started. She couldn't hide the fact that she was desperate for black cock. In truth I was also nervous and excited too. I wanted to see what she would do this time.

The doorbell rang and we heard voices and soon the sound of footsteps on the stairs. Two black guys came down followed by a white woman. I recognized them all from the gangbang. The last person down was an East Indian guy. For some reason Janice appeared to be a little uncomfortable with this but didn't say anything. The white woman came over and she and Janice hugged "Linda! Good to see you again."

Linda responded in kind and added "I've been looking forward to this all week but I am really nervous."

"Why are you nervous?" Janice asked.

"Well, that afternoon at your place was my first time and I just came along to watch. Today I am going to join in."

"Unless I lose my nerve that is." she added.

The East Indian guy came over and said to my wife "Hello, my name is Panjeev but everyone calls me Jeev. I am very happy to meet you."

He had a North American accent and Janice noted that "at least he is polite."

Ronnie and Marcus came downstairs and the guys watching the TV came over to the bar. Marcus said "Ok guys, everyone is here. If there is anyone here that you don't know please introduce yourself. The only rule we have here is if anyone, especially the ladies, say no, they mean no. There are no exceptions to that rule. Now, I think it's time these two ladies stripped for us."

The guys agreed but Janice, being an extremely competitive girl, suggested "No, why don't we play pool or darts for clothes?"

I was surprised and not surprised at her suggestion. Surprised because I knew that she was just itching to get naked and not surprised because I figured that she would turn anything into a competition if she could.

Linda was happy to take it a little more slowly and so she readily agreed to the competition. "Pool or darts?" she said.

Janice replied "Pool I think."

Marcus said "Ok, that's fine but I think you should have to remove something every time the other player pockets a ball. If you strip based on games won we'll be here all day. You can shoot for any ball you like. If the cue ball drops on your shot that's an own goal and you have to take something off. There's fifteen balls so there's more than enough to get you naked. You play until all the balls are down."

Janice and Linda agreed and one of the guys racked the balls. They flipped a coin to see who went first. Janice won the toss and decided to shoot first.

Ronnie and I sat at the bar and the guys moved the bar stools nearer to the pool table.

Linda was wearing a short skirt and a summery top with puffy sleeves. As Janice lined up to take her first shot I noticed the seams running down the back of each leg. I realized that she was wearing stockings and therefore a suspender belt.

Janice shot and the balls scattered over the table. I understood why she had chosen to take the first shot. She wanted Linda to have the first good chance to pocket a ball.

Sitting up on our bar stools we could all see the table perfectly. Linda had a fairly easy shot into the corner but when she set up to shoot it was obvious that she had not played a great deal of pool.

Linda missed the shot and Janice looked disappointed. My wife's next shot was a ball into the side pocket but she under-hit the ball and left it hanging on the edge. Linda couldn't miss and Janice looked pleased when the ball dropped. The guys all cheered and Janice smiled and started to undo the buttons of her blouse. She wasted no time getting the top off and then she went around the guys shaking her bra covered tits. Her bra was a baby blue and, once again, I realized again that this was underwear that I had never seen before.

Linda missed her next shot and Janice sunk an easy ball with her shot. Linda had a look of panic on her face and the guys started to chant "Off, off, off."

Janice noticed her reticence and went over to her, kissed her and slowly pulled the top over Linda's head. Even though she was still wearing a bra Linda tried to cover herself with her hands. Janice missed her next shot and so Linda had to take her hands off of her breasts and take her shot. Linda's tits were a decent size and I loved the way they jiggled when she took her shot.

My wife missed her next shot but when the balls stopped moving Linda noticed that there was a group of four sitting close to one of the corners. She hit the cue ball as hard as she could and scattered them. As the balls were slowing down, everyone noticed that one of them was rolling directly toward a pocket. It almost looked like it faltered over the pocket before it dropped and everyone cheered.

Janice laughed and pretended that she was going to take her baby blue bra off but at the last second undid her skirt and let it drop. I had never seen my wife in stockings and heels and my jaw dropped. She looked fabulous.

Linda's next shot didn't achieve anything except leave Janice a clear straight shot into the corner. She potted the ball but had put some top on the cue ball and it followed the other ball in. Marcus quickly declared a pot and an own goal and both girls had to take something off. Linda took off her skirt and just stood there looking very embarrassed. My wife looked at the guys and said "Ok, one stocking coming off." The guys all demanded both stockings arguing that a pair was considered one item of clothing.

Predictably, Janice didn't object but went over to Marcus and told him to get off of his stool and get on his knees. He played along and she put her left leg forward and told him to take the stocking off. He undid the snaps and slowly rolled the stocking down her leg. When it was off she picked it up and put it around his neck like a scarf. Then she moved over to Jeev and told him to do the same.

He was definitely nervous and fumbled with the snaps but as he reached up to start rolling the stocking down he made a point of letting the back of his hand brush against the inside of her thigh. She smiled at him.

She then declared that the suspender belt was part of the same piece of clothing and so she unfastened that and took it off too and put her heels back on. She looked very pleased with herself.

So now they were both wearing only bra and panties. I noticed that Linda had folded her discarded clothing and it was on a bar stool in a nice pile. Janice's clothes were scattered wherever they fell.

Neither girl managed to sink anything with their next three shots but then Janice shot and left a ball sitting over a middle pocket. Linda easily sank it and everyone, including Janice, cheered.

She teased the boys playing coy with her bra but then unfastened it, twirled it in the air and let it go. Then she went to each guy to let them play with her tits. She pushed her ass into some of the guys and they reached around to fondle her. Some of the guys preferred to suck her nipples while they felt her ass. When each guy had had a good feel Linda shot again.

The girls were missing shots regularly but the guys didn't seem to mind. After all, they were watching a barely clothed woman and a woman in panties and heels playing pool. It was an excellent way to spend a Saturday afternoon.

Linda finally managed to sink another ball and my wife had the option of taking her heels or her panties off. Climbing up on one of the empty barstools she put her hand inside her panties. She made a show of fingering herself for a minute or so and then she walked directly over to Marcus. She offered him her wet fingers and he licked them clean. Emboldened by the fact that she had everyone's attention, she paraded around making sure that her tits jiggled with every step. I glanced over at Roni and saw that she had a huge smile on her face. She was clearly enjoying herself but, I suspect, not as much as my wife was.

I looked back at my wife as she took several steps away from the pool table and bent over at the waist. She peeled her baby blue panties over her ass and slowly down her legs. When they fell to the floor she stepped out of them, opened her legs and bent over again. She wiggled her ass for everyone. She was fully aware that her cock hungry pussy was on display. She left her panties on the floor where they fell, put her heels back on and strolled back to the pool table. Once again my wife was naked in front of a bunch of men and again, she couldn't be happier. In her next few shots I noticed that she opened her legs a little wider and sometimes took a shot that she really had to reach for instead of taking the easy shot.

Then my wife pocketed a ball and all eyes turned to Linda. She fumbled with her bra but it soon came off and she put it on the stool with the rest of her clothes. As Janice lined up her next shot I noticed that Linda had her arms crossed over her tits. She was clearly uncomfortable. With her very next shot Janice sunk another ball and everyone looked at Linda. She had a deer in the headlights look on her face and the room was completely silent. She knew what was expected of her but was unable to bring herself to do it. Janice walked over to her and gave her a hug. Then she got on her haunches and slowly pulled Linda's panties down. She kissed Linda's mound and stood up and hugged her again. Their hands wandered over each other's bodies for a few moments and then they went back to playing pool. Linda was obviously turned on now too and she too started showing herself off as she took her shots.

When the last balls were down the mood in the room changed noticeably. The guys knew they were going to get theirs soon.

Again it was Janice who took the initiative. She went to the nearest guy and crouched down in front of him. Then she unzipped his pants and went fishing for cock. When she pulled it out he lifted his butt off the barstool and Janice tugged his pants down. That fact that she was about to suck a guys' cock right in front of me again didn't seem to matter. The only thought I had was that I was glad the basement was carpeted and it would protect her knees a bit!

She immediately started kissing and licking his cock and before long she was bobbing her head up and down. The guy soon came in her mouth and she swallowed and then licked him clean. At this point the spell was broken and the guys hurried to get their pants off.

Janice kicked off her heels and moved on to the next guy. Linda suddenly realized that she was expected to do the same and so she knelt down and started on her first blowjob. By time she had finished her guy Janice was already on to her third. She finished her third and fourth while Linda was working on her second.

The two guys that remained were Marcus and Jeev. Jeev had not yet taken his pants off and she really wanted Marcus' huge cock in her mouth. She realized that if she skipped Jeev to get to Marcus it wouldn't look too good so she reluctantly started to unzip Jeev's pants. She had unzipped him and was working on his pants button when she noticed that Marcus was guiding Linda's head onto his cock. Janice was disappointed that she wasn't first to get that monster cock but she knew that, by the end of the night, she would be taking it several times.

She noticed that Jeev was sweating and panting and she guessed that he had already cum in his pants. As his cock sprung out of his pants I heard Janice gasp and then yell "Jesus fucking Christ!" The rest of the guys started laughing. They had seen Jeev's weapon before. I couldn't help but stare. His huge cock looked so out of place on his slight frame. Janice was staring too and then I saw her lick her lips and smile at him.

She admired it for a little while and then she pulled the foreskin back and kissed the head. Then she ran her tongue up and down it a few times before starting to take it into her mouth. The other guys gathered around watching Linda take Marcus' giant while my wife worked on Jeev. A few of the guys were already hard again and Don knelt down and started fingering my wife's cunt. She adjusted her position slightly to allow him better access but her real focus was on Jeev's cock.
