 Authors Note: This is another FICTIONAL story. All characters in the story are FICTIONALwith the exception of my wife and I. All of the actions and conversations in this story are FICTIONAL.

*****

My feelings coming back from Montreal were mixed. On the one hand I had acquitted myself quite well in the strip club and I was pleased about that. I found it just as exhilarating as when I stripped for Darby in a club in Toronto. On the other hand I knew I was trapped. Donny, a guy that I had hired straight out of school and had mentored for several years before he moved on to bigger and better things, had been in the club with five of his friends and I had stripped up close and personal for them. 

I knew that I was going to have to pay in one way or another to keep Donny quiet. I considered offering him money but I knew that he was well paid and so I figured that I would be paying with my body. I still couldn't believe the coincidence that had me squatting naked in front of him with my pussy on full display. I could have chosen a different strip club to perform in and, for that matter, he and his buddies could have chosen a different one to celebrate Stevie's wild weekend. Looking back at what might have been wasn't going to help me. My career and possibly my pension were in Donny's hands now and I had to try to come up with a way to regain control.

Donny had said that he would phone me sometime during the week and I was dreading the call. Every time the phone rang I jumped. The last call I got on Tuesday afternoon was from my boss.

"Janice, could you come to my office immediately? Something urgent has been brought to my attention and I need an explanation."

"Oh shit." I thought. "That bastard Donny has done it."

I knocked on the office door and wondered if I might just break down and admit everything and beg for another chance.

"Come!" 

I opened the door and went inside. 

"Something very disturbing has come to my attention and I'd like you to explain it to me." He was normally quite affable but right now he didn't look happy at all.

"What's up?" I asked. I wondered if I would have to go home and tell my husband that I was now unemployed.

"We are less than a week away from the budget forecast deadline and today I heard some very disturbing news. I need you to tell me what's going on."

"What do you mean?" I asked nervously.

"How come, with less than a week to go, two of your units have not yet sent in their forecasts?"

My relief was almost too much to bear and I managed to stifle a nervous giggle but I couldn't wipe the smile off my face.

"You think this is funny?" he asked.

"No, I'm sorry. Adam's unit is still waiting for approval from HR regarding three new hires. If he gets approval for all three, that will add at least two hundred grand to his budget for next year. If he doesn't get approval his budget will be much the same as last year but we can't have that big a variance in our estimates."

"Ok, I'll talk to HR. What about Pushpa's unit?" he snapped.

"Puhspa is slow every year but she always gets it done in time." I explained.

"Well, stick a rocket up her ass. I want that forecast on my desk by mid-day Thursday." His language surprised me but I figured that he was getting pressure from the deputy minister who was probably getting the same from the minister.

"I will chase her for it." I promised.

"Ok, do it now." He ordered.

I left his office and went immediately to Pushpa to let her know that she had to work on nothing but her forecast until it was done and it had to be done by Thursday at noon.

When I got to the office on Wednesday there were two messages waiting for me. The first was from Pushpa asking for help. My heart missed a beat when I listened to the second message. It was a short message but it was chilling nonetheless.

"It is in your interest to call me as soon as you get this message." 

I closed my office door and called immediately. He picked up on the first ring.

"What do you want from me?" I asked.

"In a couple of weeks the girls are going down to Vegas for their bachelorette weekend. I have decided to have a bachelor party on that weekend too."

"What's that got to do with me?" I asked. I knew exactly what it meant but I wasn't going to give up without a bit of a fight.

"I'd like you to come and join us." He replied.

"What will I have to do?"

"Whatever we tell you to and, if we can't think of anything, you'll have to." He explained.

"Is it just the six of you?" I asked.

"Oh good god no." he laughed. "So far we have eighteen of my closest friends and I'm still waiting to hear back from some others."

"You know it's your word against mine. If you go to my boss I will deny it." I tried to sound confident.

"What's your cell number?" he asked.

"Why?" I replied.

"What's your cell number?" he repeated.

I gave the number and less than thirty seconds later my cell phone buzzed.

I picked it up and read the message. "Deny this!" Was all it read.

A couple of seconds later the phone buzzed again and I almost fainted. I was looking at a picture of myself on a table in the strip club in Montreal. I was sitting on the table completely naked. My pussy and boobs were clearly visible and my pussy was only inches from a guys face. What was also clearly visible was the massive smile on my face.

"Where did you get that picture?" I gasped.

"One of my buddies took it." He replied. "Everyone was watching you and nobody was watching him. Want to see the rest of the photos?" He was clearly enjoying my discomfort.

"You don't have any..." Before I could finish my sentence my phone buzzed again.

Six more photos appeared. I was on the table naked in all of them. 

"I think the fourth one is the best." He gloated. "But the sixth one is a beauty too."

In the fourth photo I was on my back with my hand on my pussy. My fingers had my pussy lips spread wide. The sixth picture was taken from behind. I was on my hands and knees with my legs slightly apart. My ass and pussy were on full view. I happened to be looking over my shoulder at the guy that I was crawling away from. I couldn't believe that I hadn't seen the guy taking the photos.

"Can I get your commitment for the bachelor party? He asked with fake politeness.

"Has anyone else seen these photos?" I asked.

"Not yet." He replied.

"What do you mean not yet?"

"Do I have your commitment for the bachelor party?" he asked again.

"Ok. But I get to wipe the photos off of yours and anyone else's phone." I demanded.

"Sure, after the party." He replied.

"And you leave me alone after that."

"You're in no position to make demands." He threatened.

"Ok. Send me the details of your party." I hung up before he could reply.

The following Wednesday I was in my office going through my mail when I noticed an envelope from a ministry that I had no reason to hear from. I knew immediately what it concerned. I got up to close my office door and then opened the envelope. The first thing that I pulled out was an "invitation" to a bachelor party only rather than being invited to attend I was being commanded to attend. At the bottom of the invitation was a phone number that I had to RSVP to.

Also inside the envelope were the six pictures that Donny had sent to my phone plus four others. I was naked in all of the photos except one. In the other picture I was wearing only a micro g-string. On the back of that picture were the words "Wear this on Friday."

I realized that I was on a very slippery slope. I needed to find a way to end Donny's grip on me. As it happens the thought of going to a bachelor party to be the "entertainment" for a fairly large group of young guys was quite exciting for me. I just wish it was something I could do on my terms rather than being forced to do it or risk having my lifestyle exposed to my long time employer. I also didn't want to tell my husband that I was in a bind. I was afraid that he would get mad and we would argue about my choices.

Even though I had plenty of work to do I found it hard to concentrate and continually my mind wandered. How on earth could I get out of this? Then the simplest of ideas came to me. 

I called Ronnie and Marcus's number. Ronnie answered and I explained my predicament to her and my idea. She confirmed that Marcus was free that weekend and would be happy to accompany me to the party. Then I called Donny's cell.

"Hi Donny, how're you doing?" I asked.

"Fine. How about you?" he replied.

"I'm fine. I'm just calling to confirm that I will be at your party. Actually I'm really looking forward to it."

"Good, we are too." His smug attitude came through very clearly.

"A couple of things though, just so I don't get lost. Is the address that I have to go to a bar or a hall or a house?" I asked.

"It's Stevie's house." He replied. "What else do you need to know?"

"I see it starts at seven on Friday evening but how long will it last?"

"You'll probably not be leaving until Sunday morning." He answered.

"Good. We should have lots of fun." I said as sexily as I could. "Would you mind if I brought a guy along just so that he can keep an eye on me. I don't want things to get too far out of hand?"

"That's fine. One more guy won't make much difference." He snorted.

"Ok, see you Friday."

I hung up the phone and laughed. That was too easy. I thought Donny would be smarter than that.

I called Ronnie back and let her know that I would only need Marcus for the Friday evening.

When I got home that evening I told my husband that I was going to a girlfriend's house on Friday evening and wouldn't be home until sometime on Sunday afternoon.

He looked at me and smiled. "How many guys?"

I smiled back at him but said nothing.

"Ok, you can tell me all about it on Sunday." He laughed.

"Why don't you see if Ronnie is free this weekend?" I suggested.

"Yes, it would be good to see her again. I just might do that."

I went upstairs and quickly called Ronnie to let her know that my husband might call her and that, under any circumstances, she was not to tell him what I was doing on the weekend.

Around eleven o'clock on Friday morning I told my boss that I wasn't feeling well and was going to head home.

"Ok, get some rest. Have a quiet weekend and I'll see you on Monday." He advised.

I smiled and said "Sure." In truth my stomach was doing somersaults but that was due to my excitement about the coming weekend. I seriously doubted that I was going to get much rest. It promised to be a good weekend. Not only was I going to be as slutty as I ever had been but, if my plan worked, I would get out of Donny's grip.

The party was in the west end of the city and I knew that, with the usual Friday afternoon traffic gridlock, it would take me two hours or so to get there. Marcus was going in his own car so that he could return home on Friday evening or Saturday morning while I saw the rest of the weekend out.

I made sure that my armpits, legs and pussy were shaved smooth, packed a bag with my stripper stuff and set off. I got lucky with the traffic and actually got to the house at around six-fifteen. I knocked on the door and Donny answered it. He let me in and I found that the only other guy there was Stevie. Stevie is the guy whose bachelor party this was and he was an integral part of my plan. He was big and handsome and I was looking forward to being a slut with him.

I asked Donny for a glass of wine and he disappeared into the kitchen. Stevie gave me a tour of the house and I must say it was quite impressive. There were four bedrooms two of which had its' own en-suite. The main floor had a large kitchen and dining room, a study and a very large living room with a sunken floor. The basement was nicely decorated and had a big screen TV, several armchairs and two couches.

Donny brought my wine and asked if I had brought my stripper outfit. I told him that I had and apologized for only bringing one outfit. "I figured that once I strip I won't be needing any clothes until Sunday." I explained.

We sat and chatted for a little while and then Donny told me to go and put my outfit on. I went into a bathroom to change and spent a little time getting ready. I wanted to make sure that I looked perfect. When I was satisfied I went back into the living room. The guys were surprised at my outfit. My blouse was very low cut and my cleavage was already on view. My bra was just visible through the blouse. I had decided to wear a regular bra tonight rather than my usual half cup. My skirt barely covered my ass and the tops of my stockings were already on view. My panties matched my bra and underneath them I had my micro g-string on. A pair of heels completed the outfit and I felt ready for anything.

Just then the doorbell rang. Donny told me to go and answer it. I went to the door and opened it. Two young guys were stood there and I invited them in. On our way down the hallway back to the living room I felt a hand on my ass. I felt my nipples harden in anticipation.

Every time the doorbell rang I was sent to let someone in. I was also doing duty as a waitress. There were already at least a dozen guys there but at the moment no sign of Marcus. If he didn't show up my plan was wrecked.

I had delivered a couple of beers to the two most recent arrivals and, as I turned to see if anyone else needed anything, one of the guys put his forefinger between my boobs and gently pulled my bra down and out. This revealed a little more skin and I simply stood and smiled at him as he did it. Just then the doorbell rang. I waited for the guy to let go of my bra and then went to the door. I was so glad to see Marcus when I opened the door that I got on tip toe and gave him a kiss and a hug.

"You know what you have to do?" I whispered.

"Yep, I know exactly what I am doing." He replied.

I took him into the living room and introduced him to Donny and Stevie. Marcus was the largest man there so far but he wasn't the only black man. Of the dozen or so guys there most of them were white but a couple were black. There was a couple of Indian guys and one who's race I could not place (I later found out he was of mixed race and was from Brazil). We were still waiting for at least a half dozen more guys.

Marcus' size and personality instantly made him popular and in next to no time he was chatting with people as if they were old friends.

By eight thirty there were twenty two guys, not including Marcus, and I knew that I would soon be told to strip and the fun would begin. In spite of the circumstances I was happy to be there and looking forward to the weekend. When I heard the music start I knew that my time had come. I made sure that everyone had a drink and then moved down into the sunken living room. Some of the guys came and sat in the sofas and armchairs in the lower part of the living room and the rest gathered against the rail that ran around the upper part of the room.

The music was turned down a bit and Donny stood up and announced "This is Janice. She is here the whole weekend and her job is to do anything you tell her to. And I mean anything! She is here to give us pleasure and pleasure us she will. So, what do we say guys? Strip, strip, strip."

The chant was soon taken up by the rest of the guys. It was very intimidating but also exhilarating. I looked up at Marcus and he was yelling for me to strip as loudly as the other guys.

Stevie was sat on a dining room chair that had been placed in the middle of the sunken part of the room. The music had started up again and I went behind it and tousled his hair. Then I put my hands over his shoulders and ran them down his chest. Leaning into him I kissed his neck just below his ear and moved around to his side. As I moved I made sure that my hips and butt were swaying. I leaned forward and kissed his face and neck. I knew the guys behind me had a fine view of my panty covered ass.

I swung one leg over and sat on his lap. His hands were hanging by his side and I lifted them up and put them on my thighs. He seemed to be a little embarrassed as I arched my back and pushed my chest into his face. Sitting back a little I undid the top three buttons of his shirt and ran my fingers through his chest hair.

I looked at his face until we made eye contact and then I slowly looked down at my boobs. His eyes followed mine and I started to undo the buttons on my blouse. When all of the buttons were undone I stood up and walked around clapping my hands above my head. My blouse was open wide and my clapping made my boobs bounce. The guys all started clapping too and I soon let my blouse drop.

I went back to the groom and rubbed myself against him and soon felt his hand on the back of my leg. Straddling him again I encouraged him to undo the four buttons that held my skirt up. He started on the lowest button and slowly moved up to the next. He fumbled a little with the third button but had no trouble with the last one. I stood up and my skirt fell away. I wasn't wearing a suspender belt, the stockings didn't need it. I had decided that after my bra and panties were gone I would invite Stevie to take off my stockings.

Now that I was just in my underwear and stockings I decided to give the rest of the guys some attention. I went from guy to guy sometimes straddling then and pushing my boobs into them or sitting on their lap and grinding my butt on them. I also went up the steps and around to the guys that were stood by the rail.

When I got to Marcus I squeezed his crotch and reached up to kiss him. I pretended to nibble on his ear as I whispered "You ready?" 

He let out a groan and I knew that it meant yes.

Heading back down the steps I made sure that my butt and boobs were wobbling nicely and I straddled Stevie again. Grabbing his hands I put them on my bra covered boobs and let him squeeze them. Then I reached behind my back and undid the bra and let him pull it away from me. Putting my hands behind my head to show off my boobs I slowly pushed them into his face and swung them from side to side. I aimed a nipple at his mouth and he took it in and started to suck it. I threw my head back and gasped. 

Then I stood up and turned my back to him and bent forward. I let his hands roam over my ass for a few moments and then stood up and wandered towards the couches. I went from guy to guy allowing them to play with my boobs and nipples. I must admit that I was very turned on and I couldn't wait to get my panties off.

As this show was for Stevie's benefit I went back to him and let him fondle me for a while. Then I stood up and put my thumbs into the sides of my panties. Oh so slowly I started to push them down. His eyes were riveted on my pubic area and I saw him swallow hard. When the strings of my g-string were revealed I took his hands and placed them on the waistband of my panties. I put my hands above my head and nodded for him to continue what I had started. When my panties had cleared my bum I took his hands off them and pushed them down to where gravity would take over. Then I stepped out of them and handed them to him.

He seemed embarrassed but did the obligatory sniff and then tucked them into his pocket. While he did that I had a quick look down to make sure that my micro g-string was properly in place. I stood up and did a slow, swaying turn in front of him and then did another circuit of the rest of the guys.

I eventually made my way back to Stevie and slipped off my heels. Then I lifted one foot up onto the chair and told him to take my stocking off. He fumbled a little because he was staring at my barely concealed pussy rather than my stockings. I snapped my fingers in front of him and he got back to taking off the stocking. When he got it down to my ankle I lifted my foot and finished the job and hung the stocking around his neck. I repeated the procedure with the other stocking and then straddled him again. 
