 I had known Amy since she was in high school. We met while teaching swimming lessons together during the spring. Amy was hired because she was on the synchronized swimming team and I was hired to teach swimming lessons because I was a swimming coach during the winter.

It had been a several years since we had seen or heard from each other. During this hiatus, Amy had turned 21. As fate would have it, our paths crossed at a bar. I was just making my usually rounds and Amy was kickin' a few drinks back with her friend, Whitney.

Amy had truly blossomed. She was cute as a high schooler but now she was gorgeous. She had beautiful shoulder length blonde hair, sparkling blue eyes, a gorgeous figure with 36C tits, and a great smile. I remember Whitney paling around with Amy in high school. I also recalled Whitney being a snob but she was still attractive nonetheless. She had long auburn hair, brown eyes, and a petite figure.

Upon seeing me, Amy immediately jumped off the bar stool. She ran up to me and gave me a hug. She was very happy to see me. We talked about teaching swimming lessons together a few years back. We also caught up on each other's lives. Whitney even joined in our conversation but she was still a bit of a snob.

After a few drinks, I was ready to go home but Amy wanted to see my apartment. I was game for it and my mind began to have some impure thoughts. I drove in my truck and Amy and Whitney followed in Amy's Saturn.

We arrived back in my apartment and I gave them both a quick tour. Amy and Whitney sat in my living room while I got Yuengling Lagers for the three of us. Our conversation continued but then it became sexual. We began talking about sexual experiences and turn ons.

Amy asked what I liked and I responded "Girls who flaunt themselves, exhibitionism, girls wearing Catholic school uniforms, and smacking a girl's ass during sex." Amy and Whitney replied that they had never had their asses smacked by any guy. Amy inquired more about it. She asked if it was a full blown spanking, like bent over my knee or just a few smacks during sex. I replied just a few smacks during sex but I have always wanted to give a girl a spanking…not a hard…just enough to make her cheeks pink. This caused both Amy and Whitney to blush and giggle. 

The gears in my head really began to mesh and I made the comment to Amy, "Would you like to have your ass spanked?" Whitney burst out laughing and Amy really blushed. Her face was beet red and I wanted to make her ass as red as her face.

The older guy in me commanded Amy to come over to me on the couch. She got up from her chair and walked over to me. Whitney could not believe what Amy was doing and said "Amy, what are you doing?" Amy and I did not acknowledge her question. Instead, I unbutton Amy's jeans and slid them down to her ankles. I then slide down her blue thong. Her nicely trimmed blonde pussy was staring me in my face and her ass was staring Whitney in her face. Even though she was naked from the waist down, she did not feel ashamed, nor embarrassed.

I grabbed Amy and bent her over my knee and gave her ass a light smack. She giggled. Upon hearing her giggle, I replied "Oh, you like this…You think this is fun." So I smacked her again, this time a little harder. She squealed. I switch from her left cheek to her right and back and forth until both her cheeks were nice and pink. After her cheeks were pink, I look at Whitney who was in awe.

I told Amy to get up and I looked directly into Whitney's eyes and told her to strip. She looked shock and I told her again "Strip!" She got up from her chair and slowly began taking off her shirt and jeans, leaving her in her white bra and thong. I grabbed her by her hand and smacked her left cheek with my right hand really hard. I said "When I say strip, I mean strip!" She unfasten her bra and dropped it to the living room floor and then slid off her white thong and kicked it towards Amy who was sitting in a chair, removing the remainder of her clothes.

Whitney stood in front of me stark naked, her nice petite figure on display. I was unsure if her hair was naturally auburn because her pussy shaved clean. I told Whitney to bend over my knee and she did. I began spanking her nice white bottom, which quickly became pink then red. I thoroughly enjoyed doing this since I know Whitney was a snob in high school and continued to be to this day. After spanking Whitney's bare bottom until it was bright red, I looked up at Amy who was rubbing her pussy. She was getting off on watching this and making it nice and wet. I pulled Whitney up by her hair and told her to unbuckle my pants and begin sucking on my cock. As Whitney was doing this, I told Amy to bring that beautiful pussy of hers over to me so I could lick it.

It was a beautiful scene. A very naked, submissive Whitney was on her knees sucking my nice hard cock as I sat on the couch and very naked, horny Amy was standing on the couch, straddling me. As Whitney sucked my nice hard cock, I grabbed Amy still pink ass cheeks and I licked her nice, tight, wet, blonde pussy. 

Surprisingly Whitney was a very good cocksucker and I shot my load in her mouth in just a few minutes. Amy was so horned up that she came shortly after I did. I got up slid off the jeans and boxers that were down at my ankles completely off. While I did this, I told both Whitney and Amy to bend over my couch and expose there pussies to me.

I had never seen anything so wonderful. Two (2) beautiful 21 year olds bent over my couch exposing their nice, tight, wet pussies to me. I first rammed my cock into Whitney's sopping wet bald pussy. I really thrusted my cock inside of her hard. She loved it! After a few minutes, I pulled out my cock and stuck it inside of Amy to fuck her. With Amy, I fucked her soft and slow. I continued to switch back and forth between Whitney and Amy for almost an hour. 

Whitney was finally on the brink of an orgasm, I rammed my cock in her as hard as I could. She was able to take all of it. She came all over and the juices sprayed all over my cock and down the inside of her thighs. I pulled my cock out and began fucking Amy again. I wanted her to come too. It felt so good to have my cock soaked with Whitney's juices mixing with the juices inside of Amy. 

After a few minutes, Amy began to pant and moan so I picked up the pace. She creamed out and came too. I pulled my cock out and shot my load all over her nice pink ass. After doing so, I grabbed an exhausted Whitney by her auburn hair and said "Be a good little bitch and clean up the mess on Amy's ass" She slowly began lick up my cum on Amy and even licked her blonde pussy clean.

We all collapsed on the couch afterwards and I kissed both Amy and Whitney on their foreheads. While doing so, I looked them both in their eyes and said "Boy, you two have certainly grown up!"