 By 10 AM I was napping on the beach with my four lovers in attendance. I don't know what they were thinking, but as I innocently napped, they were inviting some of their friends to a "last night" party in their room as a climax to Spring Break.

We played volleyball, splashed in the gulf and just had a fun, relaxing day. I got us free beer by flashing my boobs and mooned for hotdogs.

We all showered before hitting the bars and I had my free bar tab from where I won the wet T-shirt contest last night.

As wet T-shirt time approached, I noticed that the crowd around my escorts had grown to about 12 guys and all of them were encouraging me to participate. By this time I was feeling no pain so I stripped off my tops and changed into the contest T-shirt right there at our table rather than going into the storeroom with the other participants as I had done the last two nights. No one complained as I bared my breasts. My nipples were already erect and I had the feeling that I would win again tonight.

I did. I had the most enthusiastic group of backers and again, I bared all for the grand prize.

After the contest we all retired to the motel room. Party on. There were over 20 people, men and women, in that little room. Sliding glass doors opened onto the beach and there were even more people coming and going through that egress. Everyone had brought bottles and everyone was drinking freely. Inhibitions disappeared and by midnight naked people with partners were making out on the beds, on the floor, and on the beach.

Pete was the first of my escorts interested in getting me naked and I put up no resistance as the atmosphere reeked of sex and I remembered how good it had been with him this morning.

We really kissed for the first time and his large lips and insistent tongue felt so good. I closed my eyes and let myself go. Pete was tender and attentive. He caressed my body with his hands as he kissed and licked me in my most sensitive places.

He was licking my vagina and my clit when one of his fingers began toying with my ass and then slipped in. I was relaxed and the feeling I experienced of him massaging my vagina with his tongue while a finger was in my ass, was one I had never experienced before. I could feel all tension leaving my body and I knew that I was totally open to whatever sexually might happen tonight.

Standing by the bed, Pete positioned me on my back with a pillow under my butt and slid his cock up and down my slit to get the head coated with my love juice. He opened my vaginal lips with the fingers of each hand and gently slid into me until he was fully inserted. I felt full and began moving my hips as he just held his cock deep inside me.

After what seemed like ages, Pete began to slowly and gently slide his cock out until only the head remained in me and then quickly and forcefully plunge back in my sopping hole.

"FUCK ME PETE! FUCK ME HARD! FUCK ME FAST! FUCK ME! FUCK ME!"

When I opened my eyes I noticed that everyone was watching as Pete and I fucked like there might be no tomorrow. I was so turned on. I began having orgasm after orgasm and Pete just kept pumping.

I knew I was being vocal. I was having the fuck of my life and enjoying it. After about 10 or 15 minutes, I could feel him begin to swell and then he began to fill me with string after string of warm, creamy cum.

I wrapped my legs around him to keep him inside me as I slowly came down from my sexual high.

After Pete pulled out, I was just lying there on the bed, legs spread and cum seeping out of my open vagina. I lost count of how many guys mixed their cum with Pete's that night, but I was open for sex and took everything that was offered.

It was really late, or early, by the time everyone left and I was able to take a shower. I crawled into bed between Pete and Jimmy and fell asleep immediately.

Saturday morning I woke to an empty room. The guys had headed back to school. My bikini, cover-up, and shoes were neatly placed on the dresser and there was a note from my escorts signed with X's and O's.