 This is a continuation of Wild Oats – Making A Black Baby



In the morning I wobbled nude down to the bathroom and then back to bed with Reggie. He said, "Sally, let me open you up again and then let's have breakfast."

He used his tongue to get my wetness started and then began working his cock into me again. I had tightened up again in the last couple of hours, but soon we were moving smoothly together.

Reggie took me by the hand and we walked naked to the kitchen and ate cold cereal at the table. 

Gus came into the kitchen while we were eating and said, "I guess I'm overdressed." He pulled off his loose gym shorts and T-shirt, put them over the back of a kitchen chair and prepared a bowl of cereal for himself.

Gus is 6'5" and thin as a rail. His partially erect member was about 9" long and about as thick as a half dollar.

After breakfast we went back to Reggie's room, he lay across the bed on his back and ask me to make him hard. I knelt on the bed between his legs with my back to the open door (I didn't know it was open or what that meant). As I bent over Reggie, my ass was in the air.

I started licking and sucking on Reggie's cock and he was slowly beginning to respond when I felt a tongue on my vagina. I started to pull up and look around, but Reggie grabbed my head and pushed more of his cock into my mouth.

The tongue on my vagina was replaced with a cock that just slid right in. It felt good and I began moving with it.

Reggie let go of my head and slid out from under me. "Sally, enjoy my brothers. We are all family in this house and we all share. I need to do some reading for our class and will be back a little later. Just remember, the baby is mine because my little swimmers got there first."

I still didn't know who was in me, but he really knew how to use his tool.

After while, we changed positions and I saw that my sex partner was Gus. He lay on his back and ask me to mount him cowgirl. I rode him for about 10 minutes and he pulled me down so I was lying on his chest. He took his hands and spread my ass cheeks while working his cock in and out of my love hole.

I felt a finger rubbing my ass hole and the dribble of some lube then the finger began moving in and out of me. The finger was replaced by two, then, apparently one from each hand, as my butt hole was being gently stretched open. After a few minutes and more lube, Gus held his cock still while another cock started working into my ass. He was gentle and, although it felt strange at first, the guys began moving together and I had an orgasm.

The orgasm relaxed my anal muscles and I began really enjoying the double penetration.

Gus began to move more urgently and as he began to swell he said, "I'm going to help you make a little black baby." With that, stream after stream of warm, thick cum shot deep into my vagina.

When Gus came, it triggered Arthur, the white guy in my ass, and he ejaculated also.

As we lay there, sandwiched together, I said, "How did you guys happen to get involved with this?"

Gus answered, "The open door is a sign that we can share. Didn't you know that?"

"No, but I really enjoyed being loved by both of you." ""I need to shower and then take a little rest."

Without thinking, I left the door open when I lay across the bed naked to rest.

In the early afternoon I woke to tender stroking by a naked Rob, the other white roommate. Rob is 6'2", nicely proportioned body, and a thick, circumcised 6" cock. He is just about as thick as Reggie, but much shorter.

"I guess it's only fair for you to have a turn."

"Sally, you are so hot. I have been hoping to jump you since you first started coming over, but Reggie said we had to wait until after he had a chance to plant his seed in you. That happened last night so now, if you will have me, I want you so much."

As a response, I gave him an open mouth, tongue involved kiss and reached down to stroke his already erect cock.

Rob began to love me orally while exploring my breasts, and their erect nipples, with his big basketball hands and fingers.

He was really good in the oral department and gently explored my vaginal folds before nibbling and tongue flicking my clit.

I moved my legs apart as wide as I could to give him access and he just kept on and kept on. He removed one hand from my breast and began exploring my vaginal opening. I had flowered for him and he was nearly fisting me.

"I think I'm ready for you."

He positioned his cock and gently entered me. It wasn't long before we were moving together in a classic love dance. Rob hadn't cum yet, so his staying power wasn't great. He lasted about 10 minutes before he said, "I'm cuming."

I massaged his balls as he came and I think he enjoyed it as much as I did. We remained locked together for about 10 minutes. I said I needed a shower and again wobbled down the hall with cum flowing down my legs.

This time I closed the door as I napped naked on Reggie's bed. He woke me about 6 and said that they had ordered pizza and it should be delivered soon.

I visited the bathroom and ambled out to the living room still nude. The four guys were nude also as we waited for the delivery. It was decided that I would give the delivery guy a thrill by answering the door to receive the pizza.

We all had a good laugh from his response and then sat on the floor Indian style to enjoy our dinner.

It was still early, but Reggie and I retired to his room for some closed door love making.

I made love with all four of the guys again on Sunday morning and was ready for some deep, alone sleep.

Reggie took me back to my dorm early Sunday afternoon in the clothes I had worn for our date Friday evening.