 A morning woody pressed into my butt cheeks and a warm hand on my bare breast.

It didn't dawn on me that it was Trent's bedmate rather than Trent. I love sex and Trent and I had shared good sex last night. The thought of a hard cock in my love hole started my love honey flowing and my vagina lips flowered open.

With my eyes still closed, I reached behind me and guided that hard cock into my vagina. We were on our sides and I was meeting him thrust for thrust. It felt a little different than last night, but I dismissed that thought since we had only used the missionary and reverse cowgirl positions.

The hand on my breast moved to my clit and the contact brought me to a quick orgasm.

I felt lips on my lips and opened my eyes to see Trent kissing me. If Trent was kissing me, who am I fucking? Trent rearranged himself so that he was facing me, still on our sides, and moved his cock into my pussy along with the other cock that was already in me from behind. I was sandwiched with two cocks in me and I loved the feeling. The guys started thrusting together and I had another orgasm which relaxed my vagina even further and they both stroked into me freely with lots of lubrication from the copious amount of love honey I was producing.

Suddenly the backdoor guy stiffens and starts shooting cum into me. This triggers Trent and he cums too. Trent slips out as he shrinks, but backdoor guy was in deeper and even as he shrinks, he remained fully inserted in my vagina.

Trent was kissing my breasts and backdoor guy was maintaining our union by gripping my hips and holding us close.

Trent offered to go out for coffee and donuts for all of us and I slipped off backdoor guy as I headed for the shower.

I didn't bother dressing after my shower because everyone had already seen me in all my glory. However, I was surprised when I came out to find all four guys nude and sporting impressive erections.

Trent asked me if I would be their fuck buddy and I asked them when they were leaving to go back to their university.

It was now Thursday morning and they were leaving early Saturday morning. We only had two more days to play.

I told the guys they could draw straws to determine who got me when, but I told them we couldn't spend the whole next two days isolated in their room. I wanted some beach time and some bar hopping too.

We decided that each guy's turn lasted until they came or until they were too tired to continue or they couldn't get it up. I was open for sex and came numerous times myself before #4 ejaculated about 3 in the afternoon.

We all took a nap followed by dinner and bar hopping. My four escorts entered me in another wet T-shirt contest. This time I bared all and my four escorts took me, the winner, back to their room for another round of sex for all of us.

Jim was first up. He was shy and had only had a few sex partners. I had to keep assuring him that he was doing it right until he finally relaxed enough to bring me off and to deposit his load inside me. We also discovered that this was the first time he had ever cum inside a sex partner, so this was really special for him.

After we had all fucked to climax we went to bed, to sleep. This time I shared a bed with the other two guys (Jim and Pete).

Jim seemed to have gotten over his shyness and we all crawled into bed naked, knowing that mutual adventures could occur during the night, but sleep was the first order of business.

At 3 AM, according to the bedside clock, I slipped out of bed to use the bathroom. While I was there I decided to take a nice hot shower. I used my fingers and the handheld showerhead to thoroughly clean my pubes and vagina. I did such a good job that I reawakened my desire for sex by the time I got back to bed.

Jimmy asked me if I was awake and if I was interested in fooling around. I answered him by taking his flaccid cock in my mouth. He moved me around until I was straddling his face and he began to give me the first real oral sex I have had since I met these guys. He used his fingers to open me up and his tongue to explore my vaginal lips and my clit. Then he started going back and forth between my clit and sticking his hard tongue as deep inside me as he could reach.

While he was doing that, I was enjoying his cock. I licked, sucked and swirled. The harder he got, the more I wanted him inside me. Jimmy was circumcised like the other two white guys, Pete is black, but the helmet is out of proportion to the rest of his cock. The helmet is big, it really stretches my mouth to get it all in, and purple with well defined edges while the shaft of his cock is about 5" long and about an inch in diameter.

I turned around and began lowering myself onto his cock. Once I got the head in he just slid the rest of the way in. The head of his cock felt very good as he moved up and down my love tunnel.

We got in rhythm and I have to admit that as much as I tried to keep quiet, he felt so good inside me that I was pretty loud as I said, "JIMMY, FUCK ME! YES! YES!"

Our movement on the bed and my vocalization woke Pete. He went to the bathroom and then started loving my breasts and fingering my clit as I bounced on Jimmy.

Pete's attention to my clit brought me to climax and my orgasm triggered Jimmy's ejaculation. He held himself inside me as his balls emptied.

The large head of his penis served as a plug and kept his cum from leaking out as I fell forward onto his chest and hugged him. I told him what a great job he had done and how he should never question his sexual abilities again.

We stayed like that for 5 or 10 minutes while Pete was stroking my back, my butt, and my legs.

I finally looked at Pete and said, "Interested in sloppy seconds?"

Pete's uncircumcised cock was as thick the entire length as Jimmy's helmet and when flaccid, hung half way to his knees.

While Jimmy was still inserted in my vagina, I began stroking and sucking Pete's cock to get him ready.

When Pete was fully erect, he stood beside the bed and moved me into doggy position after Jimmy popped out of me. Jimmy had deposited lots of cum and it was beginning to flow out of me as Pete slid in. 

I was fully awake now and as Pete slammed into me I pushed back to meet him. Each time he moved in me I could hear the squish of Jimmy's cum inside me and the slap-slap of our flesh meeting. I felt the slap of Pete's balls hitting my thigh as we established our rhythm.

The other guys were up now and as Pete pleasured my pussy, Trent offered his semi-erect cock to my mouth.

Wow, four cocks before breakfast. I am going to need a nap on the beach today.