 Leave it to Barb and Terry to hatch a beautiful plan to get our x-rated videos back. They decided the easiest way to achieve their goal was to expose the culprits, then destroy them. 

"Barb, you do realize, we might have to be rather treacherous ourselves?" Asked Terry. 

"I'll do whatever it takes. Don't worry about me." Barb stated. 

The first part of the plan was to get the two women, Samantha and Angie involved. The next Friday night Barb and Terry dressed to kill. Their outfits were skin-tight with plenty of skin showing. They headed to the infamous tavern. The place was crowded, as usual. They noticed the fearsome foursome at their usual table. Terry and Barb waited until Samantha and Angie went to the restroom to follow them. 

"Wow, what a surprise!" Exclaimed Samantha, at seeing Terry and Barb together. "Oh yeah. We've been friends forever," Barb went on to describe how horny they were, and how their men had left them for the evening. More girl talk, and Angie asked them to join their table. 

"Sure, sounds like fun!" Said Terry, giving Barb a wink and a nod.

Tom and Scott looked like they had seen a ghost, when they first saw Terry. "Don't we know you from somewhere?" Asked Tom. 

"Sure you do. This is Terry, remember?" Said Sam. "She and Barb are good pals, and they're both hot-to-trot tonight," she remarked. 

Whatever suspicions the guys had, at that point, soon dissipated, when all four girls got on the dance floor. Terry and Barb got the ball rolling, by kissing and feeling up each other, as they danced. They acted very seductive to Sam and Angie. Tall Terry came from behind Sam, who was about her height in heels. Terry slowly kissed Sam's neck, and then lowered Sam's red spandex dress over her shoulders. She kissed both of Sam's naked shoulders and tongue-teased her down her back to her ass crack. It was quite a sight to see these two statuesque beauties, blonde and brunette, getting it on. 

In the meantime, Barb was doing her best with Angie. She went straight to Angie's strength -her huge tits. Barb had her own top unbuttoned to the waist and, without a bra was teasing Angie with her 34D's. Angie must have figured this was friendly competition, and opened her own blouse completely. Barb danced behind Angie and rubbed her tits against her back, and somehow unhooked Angie's bra. Barb came around to her front and tore Angie's blouse away and pressed her body to Angie's front. She teased Angie's lips with her tongue, reached on either side and peeled away her bra. Angie's huge tits fell out for all to see. Barb stripped away her own blouse and bra and the two busty girls danced tit-to-tit, kissing and licking the whole time.

A crowd of men started gathering around the dance floor to watch the sex show. Tom and Scott were right in the thick of it. The crowd of men increased. The hoots and jeers got louder and the crowd moved increasingly closer to the girls. All four girls had stripped off nearly everything, by now. The women in the tavern had resorted to standing on stools and tables, to get a better look over the crowd. Barb and Terry knew they had a captive audience and wanted to escalate the striptease. They took Sam and Angie to the floor and started having sex with them. Both had each partner's legs spread and had their heads in their pussies, sucking and biting at their clits. The crowd of drooling men was within touching distance now, and several of them had their cocks out playing with them.

Suddenly, Barb whispered something to Angie, and Terry did the same to Sam. All four girls got to their feet, grabbed their clothes and dashed to the restroom.

"What do you think, girls?" Said Terry to Sam and Angie. "Think we got those fuckers hot enough?" Both of them nodded and smiled. 

"Let's go out to the lake house and do some heavy fucking. What do ya say?" Asked Barb, looking again at Sam and Angie. 

"Do you want Tom and Scott to come?" Asked Angie, sheepishly. 

"Sure, Baby. We gotta have somebody to hold the camera," said Terry, laughing. "You mean you ladies are into doing videos too?" Asked Sam. 

"Sure, we're a couple of real video sluts -done hundreds of them." 

Angie and Sam went on to describe how Tom and Scott videotape all their sex acts. The crowd of men was now huddled right outside the ladies restroom, hoping for an encore. The four girls made off to break up and meet at the lake house. 

"Do you think its working, Terry?" Asked Barb. 

"Shit yes! If those sluts won't fuck us, you know the men will!" 

The foursome left the bar right away. Barb and Terry made their escape, soon after.

They all arrived at the lake house at the same time. Barb and Terry faked that they gotten really drunk on the way out there, and that the others should catch up. The more the foursome drank, the hornier the men got. 

"So Angie says you guys like to do videos. So do we," said Terry. 

She went on to ask them what kind of equipment they had. Tom and Scott were loosened up enough by now, and admitted to filming some of their exploits. 

"Hey, let's see what cha got," said Barb, undoing her blouse.

Tom nodded to Scott, and he went off to another room. He came back with a full size, professional, digital video camera, with virtually all the extras, mounted on a pro tripod. 

"Now that's more like it!" Yelled Terry. 

"What about lights, tapes, etc...?" She asked. 

Scott got up and opened a hidden door near the fireplace mantel. He brought out studio lights on stands, and a box of new videotapes. 

"Is that enough?" Asked Tom. 

Terry and Barb started at the other girls again. They slinked up to Angie and Samantha and started stripping and seducing them. The men snapped into action and instantly went to work, setting up lights and camera -even adjusting the white balance. Barb and Terry couldn't help but be amazed at their efficiency. All four women were naked and rounded themselves into a circle suck-n-fuck on the couch. Tits and tongues a'flyin'. 

Tom and Scott were drunk and had stripped. They were taking turns adjusting the camera and lights, and drooling like two kids in a candy store. Finally, their cocks were getting the best of them. Scott decided to join in the orgy. Sam and Angie took turns sucking his cock. Tom left his place behind the camera and Samantha went down on him. Barb and Terry were faking a love scene on the other end of the couch. 

"Wow, I've got to get a close-up of that!" Exclaimed Terry, as she took control of the camera. 

She started giving directions to the two guys, as Barb slipped behind her and in through the hidden door. She found six, 5 ft. high racks stacked with VHS tapes, boxes of dildos, handcuffs and assorted sex toys. Terry continued to direct her pretend-porno movie. "Suck him there. Fuck her there." 

Suddenly the doorbell rang, followed by a heavy knock on the door. "Police, Open Up!"

The two fucking couples froze, with Angie's mouth wrapped around Tom's cock, and Scott's cock halfway in Sam's cunt. Barb and Terry looked at each other. 

"Oh my God! Tom, you'd better get that," whispered Terry, nervously. 

"Everybody just be cool," said Tom, grabbing his pants, heading for the door. 

He didn't make it there in time. Crash! The door burst from its lock and flew open. There was Jake, Terry's stepdad, the detective and Jim in a rented police officer's uniform. Jake, in his long trench coat, looked like a really bad Columbo. He flashed a badge and announced he was with the vice squad.

Pointing at Terry and Barb, "We've been after these two for quite some time. They're wanted for prostitution and extortion in three states." 

Jake had Barb and Terry get dressed, and then locked them in handcuffs. The foursome was in complete shock, hurriedly trying to cover their nudity. 

"We'll need this video tape for evidence," said Jake, taking the tape out of the camera. 

"Is there any other evidence, officer?" Asked Jake looking at Jim. 

Terry motioned to Jim with her eyes to the hidden door. 

"Lieutenant! Look at this," said Jim, seeing the racks of tape. 

"We'll need those too, officer," commanded Jake. 

Tom started to object. "Listen son, that's criminal evidence. You don't want to withhold evidence, now do you?" Said Jake. 

Tom shook his head. Jim emptied out several boxes of sex toys, filled the boxes with tapes and carried them out. He had to make three trips to get them all.

Jake took Terry's arm. "Ok, you two, let's go. Sorry to interrupt your party sir. Have a nice day." 

Barb and Terry headed out the door, with their heads hanging. Jim brought up the rear and doffed his hat to Sam and Angie. "Good evening ladies," he smiled. 

They smiled back. Jake, Jim and the extortionists headed down the road, as the stunned foursome scratched their heads. Looking at the videotapes piled up to the ceiling in the backseat of Jake's car, Terry smiled at Barb. "Looks like we've got our work cut out for us!" 

Barb took a deep sigh. "Thanks, Jake. You did a great job!" 

"No problem, he answered. Just don't ever let Janet know about this!" 

Terry tweaked Jim's ear in the front seat. "You know, Jimmy, you sure look sexy as a cop! Now, can you take off our handcuffs?" She begged.

"I think you look pretty sexy in those. Think I'll wait 'til later," remarked Jim, with a smile. 

Everyone laughed, except for Terry.

End