 Chapter 2: Secret Friends

Where was all of that bright sunlight coming from? I thought, shielding my closed eyes. I slowly turned and stretched on the long couch. What the Hell! Then I remembered. I was at the lake house. I rolled off the couch and up to my feet. Wow, that's too fucking bright, and stumbled into the kitchen. 

"Ah, fresh coffee. All is not lost." I said, looking out the kitchen window. 

The large lake below shimmered as the sunlight bounced off its tiny waves. Must be nice to wake up to this everyday, I thought, enviously. After throwing some water on my face, I could see Tom and Scott with fishing poles heading for the lake. Do I have the energy to join them? I asked myself. "Give me a break!" I poured another cup and lit up a smoke, taking in the sights and sounds of the lake.

Time to clean up my act. Where's the shower in this joint? The girls were upstairs somewhere. There's got to be one up there, I surmised. I climbed the stairs and walked down a long hall to the bathroom. The bathroom was immense and had a triple-sized shower. Man, this would make a great dormitory! I thought, and found the soap and towels. I took a relaxing, fifteen-minute shower and thought back to last night's escapades. I toweled off and noticed a door at the other end of the bathroom. That must be an adjoining bedroom. Refreshed, I decided to investigate.

It was a bedroom, and surprise, surprise! There on the king size bed were the three little bears fast asleep -or should I say little beavers. A large, white satin sheet barely covered all of them. I could see they had discarded their nightshirts, and were all in the raw. Even without makeup, these sleeping beauties were quite attractive. Barb lying in the middle, between Angie and Samantha, was the first to stir. She rubbed her eyes and noticed me, at the foot of the bed. She motioned me to join her and moved to make room for me. I dropped my towel and quietly crawled in between her and Angie.

"Aren't these the nicest people, Donny?" She whispered and smiled. 

I agreed and added how accommodating they were. "Did you get major league fucked last night?" She asked. 

I nodded. "Yeah, me too," she went on, "God, I must have really been drunk!" 

We decided it was fun to try something different, and to take it for what it was worth, and nothing more. The more we whispered; I could see Angie was stirring. We pulled the satin sheet off of her to get her reaction. She mumbled something in her sleep and reached for the sheet. I kept it teasingly out of her reach. She reached over for it again and felt my hairy leg. She turned over and about knocked me over with her huge melons. 

"Hi, Donny. How are you this morning?" She asked, closing her eyes again. She nodded off, leaving her hand on my thigh.

"So, did it get too warm for you girls last night?" I asked Barb, noticing they were missing their nightshirts. 

Barb put her hand behind my head, and drew me close to her face. She looked me dead in the eyes. "These girls were really nice to me last night," she whispered. 

I smiled and nodded for her to tell me more. She went on to describe how they took her into the shower and bathed her. She went into such detail, describing every nuance of what happened. I started to get a boner, imagining the lesbian orgy. As my cock got harder, Angie felt it stirring and started stroking it, under the sheet. I was leaning toward Barb and facing her, while Angie pressed up against my back with her massive tits. She was definitely awake, but Barb couldn't see her. Gazing into Barb's eyes, and hearing her describe last night's lust was exciting. It was even more erotic to have another woman jacking me off at the same time.

What I wasn't aware of, was that Samantha had quietly awoke and was doing the same to Barb under the sheet, from her side. The more Barb described the intensity of their lovemaking, the deeper Sam fingered her. Her words started to get choppy and her eyes rolled back in her head a few times. I figured that her memories of last night was rekindling an orgasm. She started shaking at her climax. 

"Donny, kiss me. Kiss me now!" I muffled her words with my mouth on hers. Angie had inched down my back and turned me on my back. She sucked me in and buried my cock deep in her throat. She locked it there and used her throat muscles to make me cum.

I was still in a deep kiss with Barb, and I could see she was cuming. In the throws of her passion, she broke our kiss and threw down the sheet, exposing our secret friends. Barb looked down, breathing heavily and saw Angie with a mouthful of my cock. I looked down and saw Sam's head buried in Barb's pussy. We each laughed quickly, then exploded. 

"Oh God, that's it!" I yelled pouring a steamy load of cum into Angie's throat. 

She gagged, but didn't stop sucking. Barb grabbed Sam's head and held tight, while she writhed in delight. "Fuck -Fuck, Oh God, don't stop!" 

I reached down to Angie's head with one hand and stroked her blonde hair. With the other hand, I grabbed Barb's tit and squeezed it. We kissed and held each other. The girls came up to join our embrace. 

"Good morning everybody!" Said Sam, picking one of Barb's pubic hairs out of her mouth. I smiled at her.

"Barb, look, I think Angie has something for us," said Sam, seeing that Angie had a mouthful. 

Angie leaned over me and started to give Barb a kiss. As Barb opened her mouth, Angie let my cum roll into her mouth. There was so much that it seeped out the sides and Sam quickly helped lick it up from both of their lips. 

"Ummm, Donny, you taste good," said Sam. 

"There's nothing like a hard cock in your throat in the morning," said Angie, in her debutante voice. 

We laughed, got up and had a world-class shower together. Looking out from the deck, we could see Tom's boat heading toward shore.

...continued with Wild Night 3