 Tom and Scott arrived back at the lake house around 9:00 am, empty-handed. "Not biting today?" I asked, seeing they had no stringer of fish. 

"No, but it sure is a beautiful day! What have you been up to?" Asked Tom. 

"Just had a great shower. I think the girls are up," I said, not wanting to draw any suspicion. 

We sat out on the deck, had a hot cup, and enjoyed the morning breeze. The ladies straggled down from upstairs, one at a time. They were all dressed in bikinis, and stated they were headed for the beach. They asked if we would join them. Scott said we'd meet them later that afternoon for drinks. I assumed that he must have plans for us guys.

The three bathing beauties hopped in Sam's convertible. The car drove off in a cloud of dust, as they sped down the dirt road. The three guys flopped in easy chairs in the front room. 

"Got any great ideas?" Asked Tom, yawning. 

"Hell no, just need some rest, after last night," said Scott. 

"Man, your wife really gives good head," said Scott referring to Barb. 

"My wife? Your Angie could make a Hoover blush!" I laughed. 

The conversation went on like that for another half-hour, with each of us complimenting the sexual expertise of each other's spouses. After a long silence, Tom said he was going to get some sleep. He and Scott had been up since 6:00am to go fishing, and they were done in. They both went upstairs, and were snoring in less than five minutes.

I wasn't tired, having slept in. I watched some TV and nosed around the front room, checking out nick-knacks, and pictures. I notice a small door on the side of the fireplace mantel was ajar and went to close it. Something was blocking it. I opened it and out fell a VCR tape, and then two more. They seemed blank, with no writing or marks. I stuck the first one in the VCR and hit play. There on the tape was Barb's exploits from the night before. They had setup a hidden camera somewhere, and it showed the two guys fucking my wife. I couldn't believe it. I put the next tape in and it was all three girls having their lesbian orgy in the shower, later that night -just like Barb had described. I looked around for hidden cameras. Since they were not easy to recognize, I opted to play the third tape. This one showed Tom and Scott and some other girl, performing virtually the same sex that Barb did with both of them.

At first, I was shocked to think our privacy was violated in such a manner; that they had pulled this routine before on some unsuspecting girl. I wondered how many times had they pulled this shit, and could it be a blackmailing scam? Watching more of the tape, I became aroused. The girl in the film was a certainly a knockout. The long-haired brunette was probably in her late 20's, medium build with a great rack -36D's for sure. I couldn't make out her identity, due to the set focus and distance of the camera. On the tape, Tom and Scott fucked her every which way. I could tell the video camera shots came from only one source. After figuring out the angle, and prodding around in the drop ceiling, I found the camera.

My mind raced with different schemes to get back at them. I continued watching them have their way with the brunette, and I noticed something strange. The camera's distance seemed closer. The longer I watched, the closer the camera came in. It was a slow, digital zoom. They made sure to position their victim on the couch, so they wouldn't have to change the camera angle -just zoom in and out. As I watched further, I could clearly see the brunette's facial features. She looked familiar, but I still couldn't place her face. The so called 'money shot' was next. The girl stopped sucking Tom, and he started cuming all over her face.

Tom grabbed her head to make her suck some more and the brunette turned into a blonde. It was a wig! He accidentally had pulled off her wig and everything became painfully clear. 

"Oh my God, its Terry!" I said, with my jaw on the floor. 

I could see she was much younger, maybe 4 or 5 years ago, but it was definitely Terry -Barb's drinking buddy, and daughter of her best friend. Wait a minute, this didn't add up. Terry was supposed to be so inhibited and sexually repressed. That's why Barb had been on a mission to help her discover her own sexuality. Could it be that Terry was liberated all along, and it was Barb that that was to be the beneficiary of the sexual awakening?

The more I thought back to Barb's 'Revelations' and our 'Afternoon Surprise', the more the details jumped out at me. One common theme happened on each occasion. Every episode that Barb revealed featured her experiencing some new erotic act. It always appeared to be a new experience for Terry too, but how can I explain this? Here she was fucking two guys, years ago, probably the first time she met them. She most likely met them under similar circumstances as Barb and me. The reality of this whole situation set in. Terry might have been duped like us initially, but Terry was the one who truly fooled Barb. 

"My God, Barb will shit her pants!" I suddenly realized. 

I had to come to grips with this dilemma soon. The guys would soon be awake, and we would go to met the women. I decided to play it by ear and see how things played out.

The guys awoke about two hours later. We sat around the kitchen table and had a couple of beers. "

Well, should we dress and go see the girls?" Asked Scott.

"Sounds do-able to me," answered Tom. 

I nodded and we soon were dressed and out the door. We headed for a little bar near the beach. When we walked in, the three girls were each talking with different men in the bar. 

"Well, Hi Boys!" Sighed Angie. 

All three girls stopped their flirting and approached us, like we were sex gods. The men they were with might of thought that, after seeing the girls swoon around us. 

"Ok, we're here. You can start the party now," said Tom, with his nose in the air. 

After a couple of drinks, I pulled Barb to the side. I informed her that those guys had taken video of her last night. She was pissed! I mentioned there was another surprise, but didn't have time to explain. The six of us went to another bar. After more drinks, we decided to head back to the lake house. Barb complained of a stomach ache, and we made a clean exit. On the way home, I explained to her how those guys had set us up. I think she was more upset with herself, for letting us be taken in. 

"You just can't trust anyone! Just think what I let those sluts get away with! Well, we have to destroy those videos, Donny," she pleaded. 

I then told her the unbelievable -that they had done the same to Terry, years ago. Barb's face went white. I swore she would pass out. 

"You Ok, Barb?" I asked. 

"No, I'm not Ok. I can't believe that Terry could do that, and then play me for the fool," she cried. 

I tried to explain. Even though it was treacherous for Terry to trick her like that, there was no real harm done. Nobody was hurt. 

"No, just my trust in her has shattered, that's all!" Barb said. 

"There just might be a way out of all of this," I said, trying to be upbeat. 

I told Barb to call and invite Terry over for dinner, and not to let on that we knew anything.

Terry and Jim arrived about 7:00pm the next night for dinner. After some warm up cocktails, I told Terry and Barb our story. When I first mentioned the part about her, and being a brunette, she denied it was her. She probably did that for Jim's benefit. Barb got Terry alone in the bedroom and Terry admitted to all of it. She started crying and saying that she knew what she had done to Barb was a terrible decision. By then Barb realized what Terry had actually given her -a new sexual awareness. Even though it was done in an underhanded way, it was a good thing for all of us. She forgave Terry for deceiving her, but there was one favor she asked. 

"Anything Barb, anything, to make it up to you, and regain your trust!" Terry pleaded.

Barb told her that it was imperative that we get those video tapes from Tom and Scott. "We, Donny and I, don't know quite how to go about it. We thought maybe you would have an idea?" Barb asked. 

"Sure! I'll figure something out. -now, to explain all this to Jim," said Terry. "I think Jim loves you, Terry. He might have a hard time with it, at first. But, I think he'll come around," said Barb.

The girls cleaned up their faces and came out of the bedroom. "Jim, dear, we have to have a talk," said Terry, hesitantly. 

"No need to explain, honey. Donny told me everything. I'm not upset with you," said Jim.

Needless to say, Terry was very relieved to hear that. She thanked us for being such good friends, and vowed to get those video tapes back -somehow.

...continued with Wild Night 4