 Monica squealed in elation as the yellow Mustang barreled forward on the desolate highway. "I cannot fucking believe we are actually doing this!" 

Kelly joined in with a squeal of her own as she navigated the wheel, and suddenly the two of them were screaming in unison, neither quite believing what they were about to do. 

When they finally cut off their exuberant shrieks, Monica rolled down the passenger window and to Kelly's surprise, climbed partially through until her upper torso was hanging out of the car. Monica raised her arms in the air as she jutted from the Mustang, and let out another pleasurable scream. 

"Get in here!" Kelly laughed as she managed a grip around the pocket of Monica's daisy dukes and pulled her back into the car. "You are a crazy bitch!" 

"You're damn right I am!" Monica said as she settled back in, quickly rolling the window up. It was an oven outside, and she had wasted enough of the air-conditioned coolness on her spaz attack. "I do believe both of us are bat shit crazy for coming out here in the first place." The two looked at each other and instantaneously burst into a quick fit of wild laughter, mostly to cover up their nervousness brought on by the fact that they were embarking on a spontaneous, provocative, and possibly dangerous journey. 

"Stop!" Kelly managed to say in between snorts and chuckles. "We need to stop right now!" She gave Monica's right arm a firm punch, as if that might help both of them curb their current state of merriment. 

Once the anxious laughter dissolved, they finally settled down enough to catch their breaths. "Whew!" Monica let out, "All that hootin' and hollerin' took the wind right out of this girls sails. Guess I'd better rehydrate, yes?" She shot a naughty grin at Kelly as she reached behind her seat and grabbed the brown paper bag that held the fifth of Southern Comfort they'd been steadily nursing since leaving the motel that morning. Monica surveyed the level in the bottle and saw that there was less than half left. "If we keep going at this rate, we'll be outta juice before we get there." 

"Well that won't do now will it?" Kelly asked in a terrible attempt at an Australian accent. "I do believe I need me a good sized buzz if I'm gonna go through with this, by Crikey!" 

Monica nearly spit out the swig of liquor that was in her mouth, but managed to swallow it before a fit of coughs took over. 

Kelly gave her back several quick pats to help ease her coughing attack. "We need to quit this or someone's gonna get hurt!" 

When Monica got her fit under control, she took another swill from the bottle, the liquid helping to alleviate her now sore throat. The two drove on for a while in silence, preferring the steady hiss of the A/C to whatever reception they could get from the radio. 

Kelly and Monica were best friends, and had been since their first year of high school. Now both 27 years old and single, they had set out on a weeklong road trip to celebrate the fourth of July and let loose some pent up steam. The plan was to travel from their shared apartment in Santa Fe, New Mexico to Austin, Texas. Monica's grandma lived in a small town just outside of Austin, and after spending a day with her, they sought to spend the next four nights sightseeing in the city and painting it red, before heading back home to work and reality. That was the plan, until last night. 

Although they had cold air blowing on them from the car vents, they were both down to their bikini tops and tight fitting shorts. They had even kicked off their sandals many miles ago, preferring the feel of the clean Mustang floor on their feet. Kelly's top was a dark burgundy, a sharp contrast to her bright, shining white shorts. Both complimented her deep, albeit fake, tan as well as her bleached blonde hair that hung just past her shoulders. Standing at 5' 3"and weighing in at 100 lbs. on a good day, Kelly was the smaller bodied of the two, although her breasts were still a respectable size. What Kelly lacked in curves, Monica more than made up for with her vivacious body. Standing a little taller at 5' 7" and sporting 34 Ds, she was the one with the full figure, and she always managed to flaunt it well. Her hair was the color of dark amber, and her skin tone, although it was nearly as dark as Kelly's, was all-natural. Her bikini top was an aqua blue, and her shorts were faded black. 

A couple of hours ago, mostly to help pass the time, Monica had put her hair up in pigtails, expecting it to be temporary. All it took was a couple of compliments from Kelly about how cute they looked for Monica to decide on keeping them up for the event about to take place. Who knows, she thought to herself, maybe they will like 'em too. A brief image of a biker pulling hard on her pigtails while he fucked her from behind crossed her mind, sending a glamorous shiver through her body that hardened her nipples instantaneously. 

Kelly glanced over and noticed that Monica's nipples were rock hard, and let out a slow whistle. "Damn girl, you're nippin' out over there! Is the A/C too high? I can turn it down," she reached for the nob and turned the air down a notch. 

Monica looked down and let out a short burst of surprised laughter. "Wow, guess I am." She looked up at Kelly and gave her a flirtatious smile, followed by a wink. "Does this bother you?" She asked in a soft voice as she squeezed her left nipple, making it even firmer. 

Kelly looked down and realized she was a little turned on by the nipples wanting to break out of the bikini top. She swore she could almost make out every bump of her solid areolas in detail. "You know I've always like your tits, girlfriend." Kelly said, shooting her a wink back. "And something tells me I'm gonna be seeing a lot of them very soon!" This statement of fact hit them in a sobering way, and set off another bout of awkward giggling, this one not lasting quite as long. 

"You know we're not gonna be the only girls there, right Kell?" Monica asked when they had settled down again. "I'm sure many more were invited too, not just us." 

"Like, how many do you think?" Kelly inquired, leaning toward her as if she was going to whisper the answer. 

"Shit, I don't know...Ten? Twenty? Fifty?" 

Realizing she was exaggerating, Kelly threw another punch at her, this one landing squarely on the flesh of her upper arm. 

"Ouch!" Monica threw a quick counter punch, missing Kelly's arm altogether but connecting on her right upper thigh. 

Kelly let out a scream. "Alright, stop it! We need to look presentable for the fine gentlemen we are soon to meet. What will they think if we show up all bruised and out of sorts?" 

"Kell Bell, my sweet darling, our bodies are about to get bruised and battered in who knows how many places, do you really think it matters if we show up with one or two before the fun begins?" 

Kelly rolled her eyes, but had to concede. "I suppose you're right." The truth behind that statement suddenly hit home for her. "I imagine things are gonna get pretty rough, huh?" 

"You're guess is as good as mine, but I can't imagine these boys invited us all the way out here to sip tea and ask about your grandma's well-being." 

Kelly flipped her the bird. "You're a little shit." 

"What? Why?" 

"How can you be so calm and nonchalant about this whole thing? We are about to meet up with pretty much strangers—willingly mind you—and let them use our bodies as their own personal playgrounds." 

"And...?" 

Kelly gave her a long stare, then snatched the bottle of Comfort from Monica's lap and took a long swallow. 

"And I do recall you saying yourself you wouldn't mind someday becoming an 'old lady' with a nice biker boy," Monica reminded her. 

"I know, I know. That was a long time ago, but I remember. I guess in some ways I still feel that way, I just didn't imagine it happening this way. I mean, silly me for thinking that the guy I find might take me out for dinner and drinks before fucking the living shit out of me in front of his closest friends." 

Monica chuckled as she reached over and tussled Kelly's hair. "I don't remember you putting up much resistance when Dawg invited us out here today. He made it clear what was going to go down. Look, I understand where you're coming from Kell, and I do feel for you, but I have absolutely no guilt over what's gonna happen today. The only thing I want from this weekend are the three F's: Freedom, Fireworks, and FUCKING!" 

Kelly cracked a smile, her efforts at trying to be the concerned, responsible one fading as the large swig she took earlier began to take effect, slowly loosening her inhibitions. "You know what, Mon, you're right. We came out here to let loose and have fun, so Jesus H, let's do just fucking that!" This time Kelly let out the squeal of pleasure. 

"That's right girl, let it all hang out!" As she said this, she reached over and pulled down part of Kelly's top, exposing her right breast, and gave her nipple a squeeze. 

Kelly at first felt a twinge of pain when Monica compressed her nipple, but that quickly gave way to pleasure, which in turn became laughter as she pushed Monica's hand away. "That tickles!" she claimed, covering her breast back up. 

"Just getting it ready for the fun." Monica spoke with a brassy tone. 

The trip they took to the dive bar the previous night was supposed to be a short one, just a quick stop for a beverage or two before they called it a night and got an early start the following morning. Little did they know they were going to meet a motorcycle gang also travelling through the area, calling themselves Broken Arrow. 

And to think it all started with a wink. 

One of the guys in the gang, the cutest one in Kelly's book, caught her eye as he bellied up to the bar next to where she was sitting with Monica. After ordering a shot of whiskey, he looked over in their direction and locked eyes with Kelly. Before she had a chance to smile or nod, he gave her a grin and a quick wink. In general, winks weren't anything new to her, as she would get lots of them whenever she went out, especially if she was with Monica. There was something about this one, though, that sent her swooning. He introduced himself as Lance and invited them to the back of the bar, where the gang was shooting pool on two adjacent tables. There was a small pause as they looked at each other for confirmation, but Lance was persistent and irresistible, and talked them into a quick visit to meet the rest of the crew. 

One drink turned into two, which turned into too many to count. When the girls finally forced themselves to call it a night somewhere after one o'clock, Dawg invited them to meet up at Wyatt Lake the following afternoon. It was only a few hours down the highway, and it followed the route the girls planned on travelling anyway. He promised it would be worth it. Dawg was the oldest of the group by far, probably in his early fifties, and he had a straightforward honesty that left little open to interpretation. So when he invited them to meet up to extend their good time together, the words he chose made it abundantly clear that there would be certain things taking place. The girls should have said no thank you and left it at that. However, there was a silent, yet understood agreement that passed between them, and they conceded to see them the following afternoon. 

Now here they were, headed for a meet up with the Broken Arrow biker gang, all eight of them. A few hundred feet ahead, they saw a gas station standing alone off the side of the road. "Let's stop there," Kelly said. "Might as well fill up the tank while we can, and I'll bet they have more liquor." 

"Sounds good. We can stretch our legs and ask how far it is to the lake from here. I haven't seen a sign in a while, but I can't imagine it's much farther. 

They pulled in and topped off the gas tank. The store connected to the station was tiny, but they were able to find a fifth of Captain Morgan's. Neither of them were big fans of rum, but the liquor selection was meager, and both agreed that more drinking needed to happen between now and the time they arrived at the lake. The clerk told them they were less than an hour away from their destination, explaining how jealous he was they were heading that way. "It's just so beautiful." He cooed. Since his eyes were glued to Monica's boobs as he said this, the girls weren't sure if he was talking about the lake or her body. They thanked the dirty man, Monica making sure to blow him a kiss as they left, and sped away towards Wyatt Lake. 

Either Kelly drove the Mustang extra fast, or the calculations from the pervert back at the station were off, but it was only half an hour later when they came upon a sign telling them they had arrived. Just past the sign, there was a sharp bend in the road, and when they rounded it, Wyatt Lake sprawled out to their left. 

"Oh, how pretty." Kelly exclaimed as she slowed down enough to allow herself to absorb the breath taking view. It was indeed beautiful, just as the horny clerk had stated earlier. 

"Who would've thought something this pretty could be out here in the middle of nowhere?" 

"Whether it's now or three hours from now, I plan on swimming the hell out of that lake." Kelly said. The sunbeams glistening off the water looked so inviting, she couldn't help but lust for the coolness the water would provide. 

"You and me both. Looks like the first parking lot's coming up. Curt said they'd be somewhere close to the second parking area, nearer to the end of the lake." 

As expected, the lake was bustling with droves of people, all here to enjoy the weather and barbeque for the holiday. The second set of parking spots came up on the left, and it didn't take long to spot the large group of motorcycles parked together, near the back corner of the lot. Kelly swung the Mustang over and found a spot not far from their bikes. 

As Kelly turned off the ignition, the two looked at each other, not sure what to say. Monica grabbed the bottle of rum and took several swallows before handing it off to Kelly, who took her fair share of rum as well. After a few seconds of silence, Monica raised her hands palms up and shrugged. Kelly knew what the shrug meant, and returned it with an identical shrug of her own. They didn't need to vocalize what both were thinking: This was it. Once they got out of the car, there was no turning back. Since both got out of the car with no objection, it was silently understood they were ready for whatever the day and night might bring. 

No sooner had they shut the doors than they heard a "Hey!" from behind them. They turned to see one of the bikers they met last night, Curt, shuffling their way with a big grin on his face. "I recognize these two beautiful ladies!" He was a large man, well over six feet tall and built like a house. Before they had a chance to do more than wave, he ran up and pulled them in for a three-way hug. 

He finally broke the hug and stepped back to get a good look. "My goodness ladies, you look stunning! It's Kelly right?" he asked as he pointed in her direction. 

"You got it." Kelly said. 

"And, wait, don't tell me...Monica?" 

"You're battin' two for two." Monica admitted. 

"In case you forgot, I'm Curt. And since you met many of us last night, I wouldn't hold it against you if you did." 

Monica flirtatiously rubbed his right arm. "Of course we didn't forget. You stood so much taller than everyone else; it was kind of hard to miss you." It was evident she liked this one, which didn't surprise Kelly at all. Monica had always liked her men bigger. 'The taller the man, the longer the cock' she was fond of saying. 

Curt let out a boisterous chuckle and gave Monica a quick but firm slap on her ass. 

"Oh! You better get a drink in my hand before you think of doing that again, Mister." 

"Well then, let's take care of that little lady. The rest of the guys are down by the water. You caught me coming back from the john. All that beer is just shootin' right through me." 

They followed Curt through the lot and out onto the warm sand, weaving in and out of the mounds of people. Eventually they came upon the rest of the gang, laying out on towels and soaking in the rays. From what Kelly could remember, all of the guys from the bar last night were present and accounted for—eight of them in all. 

"Look who I found coming back from the pisser!" Curt bellowed to the crew. They all looked up, almost in unison. 

Laying on the outside of the group, stripped down to his bathing shorts, was Lance. He looked up at the girls; hand over his eyes to block the sun, despite sporting a pair of sunglasses. A slow smile formed on his face, and although she couldn't see his eyes through the shades, she knew he was looking directly at her. Kelly began to smile back, but quickly looked away when she felt her face turning what must have been a beet colored red. He was just as hot as she remembered. 

"All the guys you met last night are here." He went down the line, reminding the girls what their names were. "Here's Brock, Gauge, Dawg, Noah, Shane, Zack, and Lance there on the end." He repeated the girls' names to the group, and smiles and waves were exchanged. Kelly scanned the area around them, but from what she could see there were no other girls belonging to the gang. 

Monica, evidently wondering the same as Kelly, asked, "So, are there any other ladies joining us?" 

"Nope," Brock spoke up. "You two are so damn beautiful we couldn't bear to invite anyone else. Figured it wouldn't be fair to them." 

"Aww," Monica said in a cute voice. "You know how to make a girl blush, Brock." She rubbed her hand on his scruffy beard as she said this. "Anyhow, where's the beer at? Curt promised us a drink if we followed him down here, and I'm mighty thirsty." 

Shane got up from the cooler he was using as a chair, popped it open, and underhanded two beers in their direction. 

The girls popped open their cans and chugged them down in seconds flat, setting off an afternoon of sunbathing, swimming, and lots of flirtation. The guys had brought sandwiches, chips, and fresh fruit, all of which was chased with plenty of cold beer. 

Monica made sure to approach and tease each of them throughout the day, but still spent most of her time with Curt. 

Kelly welcomed an occasional butt squeeze or nibble on the neck from the guys, but it was clear she favored Lance. Once they made it past the first hour of awkwardness, it was easy to pick up where they left off the night before. He carried an air of mystery to him, but there was also something that made her feel safe. She had fun walking the beach with him, occasionally running into the water to alleviate the heat that bore down throughout the day. Lance stayed shirtless most of the day, which was just fine by Kelly. His body was perfectly cut, and she caught herself blushing more than once whenever she captured a glimpse of his abs. 

As the sun went down, they found themselves all gathered together near a small fire. The crowd around them had become more sporadic, and those who were in the area were more focused on the fireworks display that had just started in the newly dark sky. Kelly laid in front of Lance, her head resting on his lap, watching the display before them. She had consumed her fair share of alcohol, and it had more than caught up, as the sky in front of her began to spin. She looked over at where Monica lay, and saw that things had already gotten started. She had managed to make her way out of her shorts and bikini top without Kelly noticing. Curt laid on the soft sand in front of her, his head buried deep into Monica's thighs. Zack had knelt behind her, and was playing delicately with her bare tits. Monica's back arched and Kelly could hear moans of pleasure escaping her lips. Even Curt was letting out sighs of bliss, in between licking her wetness with his darting tongue. 
