 I wrote this story to commemorate the many years my lady and I have spent together. Although there's a good dose of fiction, it's designed to pique your curiosity and understanding of the swinger's lifestyle. There's something for everyone and, our mantra of "it's just about sex" spices up an already fantastic relationship. It goes without saying that this story is for adults only. I welcome your feedback.

*****

Since the kids have left home Andi and I have gone totally rogue! Couples that join the swinger's lifestyle have so much more to talk about! And, I love it when talk turns into activity. We have gone well beyond "pure vanilla" enjoying new experiences whenever possible. 

I'd like to tell you about our most recent adventures, the first of which provided first-time checkmarks in the exhibitionist, interracial, swapping, group sex, bisexual and DP categories.

I began the vacation planning many months before our anniversary. We wanted to do something special and something spicy and since it was one of those milestone anniversaries, my thinking went beyond our typical trips to places, like Arizona, Florida, Hawaii, or the Caribbean. We were able to plan on a two-week vacation so we decided that it would be a "no brainer" to go back to Desire Resort in Riviera Maya, Mexico for the second of the two weeks of the vacation. Great looking naked bodies at the pool, anything goes at the Jacuzzi after dark and absolutely anything goes in the Sinroom was sure to be the sexual highlight of the vacation. Little did I know that Week #1 in Panama would produce its own fantasy "highlight reel."

Andi, my gorgeous and sexy wife and I met on the south shore of Long Island. I was just out of college working as a marine biologist at one of the universities on weekdays and as a mate on various charter and open fishing boats out of Captree Boat Basin on the weekends and holidays.

Our paths crossed for the first time on one of the Marine Institute's research trips. Her older brother who was the Institute's resident Captain invited her along as a guest. The day was filled helping freshmen students learn how to collect and analyze water samples from the Hudson and East rivers. After finishing the round trip of Manhattan, I found myself piloting the Spindrift back to Freeport through the Narrows and under the Verrazano Bridge. Andi joined me on the bridge and we chatted for a couple of hours. She and I had many shared interests and, so I asked for her telephone number. 

In the months and years that followed that fortuitous trip, beaches, fishing boats, clamming and moonlit cruises were the centerpiece of the recreational activities that didn't involve the exploration of each other's bodies. Not long after we met , I proposed to her on a fishing pier one sultry summer night.

So, as I planned the first week of our anniversary trip my romantic and adventurous side kicked in, booking a stay at an all-inclusive luxury fishing lodge in Panama, Central America. I know some of our friend's thought that was an offbeat choice but we wanted something exotic and European cruises had gotten a bit expensive and would preclude the opportunity to do another week at Desire.

I knew we could escape our day-to-day existence of work followed by more work by visiting a jungle paradise with some of the best inshore and offshore fishing on the planet. Four days of fishing would be broken up with leisure days in which we could go on inland adventures, veg at the infinity pool or spend the entire time in our spacious suite.

As the months turned into weeks and then days before our vacation, the sexual tension between us grew. Our musings about the upcoming theme nights at Desire led to some steamy nights. Pillow talk about threesomes, foursomes and moresomes ignited our passion. 

Andi's dedication to maintaining her amazing body never wavered. I don't know how she's survived Shawn T's Insanity workouts and Jillian Michael's Shred routines for years now, but the payoff has been big for her and even bigger for me. She is absolutely ripped and, in the last year has dedicated to creating "buns of steel." Since beginning her intense workout regimen she's gone from a size 10 to a size 4. It's cost her some vavoom up top but the commensurate addition of rippling muscles from head to toe is incredibly sexy. When we play golf at the club guys of all ages turn to check her out and, I know she loves it when the girls ask her what she does to look so good. Fact is, she's been getting up at five something to work out, five days a week, for a long time.

She grew weary of razor burns and waxing appointments a year or so ago and has completed laser treatments for all hair down under. Now, she's truly naked from the waist down. Smooth puffy lips accentuate her love bud and frame her luscious pussy; her rear entry, smooth as well, invites intrusion. 

Her breasts are more than a handful with delicious dark brown areolae and nipples. In March she took another big step into naughtiness when she added jeweled barbells piercings through each nip. They drive each of us crazy. 

She's still the center of my existence; any playing we do is always together and that playing falls under "that's just sex!" Her sex drive has increased many-fold in the years since the kids left. In fact, she lives for sex. If she's looking at you, she's sizing you up! I have to be on my toes to keep up with her!

Our weekends often start on Thursday evenings after a Thunder game or the late news. When she nuzzles up against me rolling her leg and pussy over me, she begins a slow undulating grind designed to stimulate her clit and my stiffening cock under her. Sleep seldom follows, as it's only a matter of a few minutes before I either roll her on her back to eat her out- pulling multiple orgasms from her or, she slides up over my face holding onto the headboard as I lick and suck her into waves of pleasure that drive her to clamp around my head until she cums as many times as she can handle. 

When she's on her back begging for something bigger in her pussy than my fingers and tongue, I like to pull her legs way up over her head and split her an inch at a time with my long and thick cock. At that point she's incredibly wet, welcoming me to slide, oh so deep into her channel, pulling my shaft against her clit as I lean forward moving slowly in and out. She writhes in pleasure until I feel hot juices flood her pussy when it clamps around me. My cock swells further as my release can't be quelled; I erupt spilling my cum deep within her. 

When we decide on a cowboy ride, which often happens after she sits so pretty on my face, Andi is so wet and ready for penetration that she likes to rock back on her haunches sliding down the entire length of my shaft in one fluid motion. She throws her head back losing all control as my shaft goes from hitting her innermost walls and g spot to sliding at the perfect angle against her clit. I lose it when she adds an extra jolt of electricity by twirling my erect and incredibly sensitive nipples between her thumb and forefinger. That takes me from 60 to 100 mph in seconds.

We're not in our twenties or even thirties anymore so you'd think we'd just collapse and fall asleep after that but that's not usually the case. Her body is so abuzz that she wants more, much more. My tongue, fingers and sometimes toys are added to the play taking her to so many orgasms, she's totally spent.

The days before we headed to Panama and Desire, Pearl were a blur. There 's always so much work to do before an extended vacation and, based on our two very diverse destinations we had some special needs. We couldn't forget suntan lotion, sunglasses, deck shoes, bug spray, fishing tackle, GoPro and other camera equipment for the Lodge and the packing for Pearl included thongs, nipple-less bras, condoms, costumes, masks, toys and sheer dresses. 

We agreed that I would be her master during the first half of the trip and she'd be my mistress at Desire. That opened up some interesting possibilities. We aren't into kink in a BDSM sort of way, although we have tied each other up on occasion and added some light flogging. But, the assigned roles meant we could ask for obedience from each other during our respective reigns. I looked forward to putting her on display while in Panama; in exchange she gained the ability to arrange anything she wanted with whoever she wanted at Desire.

Panama Arrival- Day #1

We left for the airport Friday morning at 6 AM with a long day of travel in front of us. Our conservative "couple next door" persona disappears when we go on an exotic vacation. Andi wore a black halter-top that showed off her pierced nips with snow-white capris that molded to her butt. Under them she wore a pair of her favorite lace crotch less panties. Four-inch sandals completed the ensemble that would swivel heads everywhere we went. I wore a pair of Tommy slacks, commando, of course, with a form fitting Lands End navy tee that accentuated my 6 foot 4 stature and many hours of weight training at the gym.

We flew through Houston arriving in Panama City mid afternoon. That afforded us with nearly three hours of layover time at Tocumen Airport giving us our first taste of Central America. The energy was palpable and everyone looked great to us. We grabbed a couple of bar stools and had some very interesting Panamanian tortillas and our first local beers. As we passed time, people watching I enjoyed the special attention Andi garnered from the young bartender. I know he was fixated on her breasts and just wanted to twirl her piercings between his thumb and forefinger before sucking on them.

At 5 PM we boarded our flight to David, a city in northwestern Panama. We landed just as the sun dipped below the horizon. Two men from the fishing lodge greeted us with cool drinks in hand. They grabbed our luggage and whisked us away. We climbed up into a Sprinter heading for the coast on unpaved roads. An hour later, we boarded a skiff that ferried us to Boca Bravo. From the well-appointed marina, we boarded a really neat mini tramway up through the jungle to the fishing lodge, our home for the next several days.

Two beautiful mestizo women met us with beers and tropical drinks as we exited the quaint tram. On first glance, the lodge appeared to be spectacular in an understated way. It was "one with nature" tucked into the side of a mountain that overlooked the jungle and the blue Pacific. The main building was framed with native wood beams that went floor to vaulted ceiling. The floors were highly polished terrazzo and the walls had native artwork and pictures of fishermen with their trophy fish. A bar with a dozen or so people in lively conversation, occupied about a quarter of the open floor plan. Thee other two open common areas housed the dining area with two massive wood tables and a living room/sitting area with deep plush seating. Nina escorted us through the area toward then through a big set of wooden doors that led outside. She then took us up some warmly lit paths to our private lodge.

Our lodge was spacious and inviting. It had the same look and feel of the main building and was decorated very tastefully. A king bed facing a huge picture window overlooking the jungle with a view of the Pacific down the tramway path was , without question the "wow factor" we were hoping for. 

As soon as we were left to settle in Andi exclaimed,

"Awesome, honey- luxury on a fishing trip, an inviting bed and a porch with a view of the Pacific. This bed looks like the perfect place to lower myself down on your cock."

"Let's hope the fishing is as exciting," I said jokingly. "If the entire staff wasn't expecting us in ten minutes for supper, I'd tear off your clothes, pin you against that amazing window and take that glorious pussy from behind." 

As I kissed her deeply, she moaned in agreement. We freshened up and made our way back down to the main building for our first taste of the local cuisine. 

As we walked down the path we got our first glimpse of the property's prodigious infinity pool and Jacuzzi. It was gorgeous. We took in the swim up bar, the jungle setting and the view of the Pacific as well as the oversized chez lounges that circled the pool. Music was playing and there was an area with a small dance floor that was tucked away from the bar area.

All of the folks at the bar area were guys but in the far corner we noticed a couple sipping what we guessed, were rum and cokes. He was a big guy about our age and HWP wearing a set of cargo shorts with a tee that was poured on to his torso. Although Andi might have been drawn to the guy, my attention went past him to her! She appeared to be stunning- tall, athletic with curves in all of the right places!

"Hmmm," I said, "Perhaps there's more to this place than fishing."

Although we both took notice of the couple, Andi's interest went past them all the way to the far end of the pool. Two black men, who looked like they were professional athletes, were lazing on a couple of the lounge chairs. Each was well over six foot six and had chiseled torsos.

Andi's hand literally went to her mouth when she saw them exclaiming, "I hope they just got here cause I'd sure like to sample their cocks with my mouth and pussy before we leave."

I snickered and said, "Welcome to paradise, my slut."

Dinner was delicious but Andi's pussy turned out to be my dessert. As soon as we entered our lodge, we hit that bed. I moved quickly pulling aside her panties and my fingers and tongue went to work on her very willing and open pussy. Those guys must have made quite an impression because she was beyond ready for action. I nibbled and separated her swollen lips as I inserted two fingers in her steamy wet cavern. I slid a third finger through the resistance at her rosebud and covered her clit with my mouth. She implored me to take the top in the 69 position. It gives her the chance to swallow the length of my cock while I'm on top ravishing her sweet pussy. I worked her sweetness alternating between long licks from bottom to top with sucking and rolling her clit. Within minutes of noisy licking and sucking she was muling and bucking, as her hips thrust upwards off the bed. Her pussy and anus clenched around my fingers and, she came in rapturous waves all over my face.

I slid off of her and positioned myself above her pussy from above. She opened herself to me entwining her arms under each leg. I slid my very engorged crown up and down against her slit and clit driving her crazy with need. When she begged to be filled with it I slid it home. I fucked her slowly and deeply, as she was incredibly sensitive from two orgasms just minutes ago. I kept a steady pace pulling all but the tip of my cock out before driving as deep as possible into her. She gushed two more times as she tightened around me. That was all I could take. My thrusts became irregular just before I grunted in a pleasurable release. We collapsed in each others arms exhausted after a long day of travel a great evening of food and sex and the anticipation of two great weeks to come .

Day #2

They woke us up at 5:00 AM for our first day of fishing!

Andi, as instructed wore her yellow neon one-piece bathing suit under a set of nice tight shorts with a white tee shirt. I bought her that suit about a year ago. Out of the box, she loved it. Cut nicely, it hugs her high on the sides providing a nice view of her buns but its best feature is what I'd describe as its magic fabric. It's magic because its modest when dry but close to fully transparent when wet. It has a crotch cover but the rest of the suit clings and emphasizes all of her best female attributes. I was hoping I'd see it wet before noon. 

I went commando, only wearing very light colored cargo shorts and a UV protective long sleeve tee. It was likely transparent when wet, as well; I just didn't think anyone would care very much about that! I did throw a bathing suit in our gig bag.

They served us breakfast at the Lodge and made a custom lunch for us. We walked down to our 38-foot Blackfin with the Captain and his mate. The boat was clean, comfortable and fast. It had any kind of tackle you could ask for. About an hour from the marina we stopped and caught some small bonito for marlin bait. Then, the captain cranked it back to cruising speed heading farther southwest to the Hannibal bank. We arrived at the about 8AM and started a slow troll with the live bait. 

Late June/early July wasn't the peak season for marlin but we hit the jackpot as we were greeted by a 300+/- black marlin at 11:40. I have been fortunate enough to catch and release three marlin on earlier deep-sea trips, one of about 650 pounds caught off Kona, Hawaii in '07 so we had agreed that Andi was going to experience the thrill of an acrobatic marlin hookup if we were lucky enough to hook one this trip. It took about 40 minutes but she handled it like a seasoned veteran. We released it after getting some great footage of the fight.

Later in the day, after seeing a number of fish but not enticing any of them to bite, one of the rods took a nosedive giving me the chance to fight and lose a very big marlin. At about 2 PM we headed back to the lodge, agreeing that the only additional fishing we'd do would be if we stumbled upon one of panama's world-renowned tuna frenzies. 

Remember that neon bathing suit, I described earlier. Well, I did get my wish, as you can't fight a big marlin in the tropics without getting very sweaty. It was only fair that after the fish was released Andi would receive a celebratory dousing with Gatorade after winning the battle. Actually, we had to settle for a salt-water bath. My cock hardened at the site of her beautiful body on display for all three of us. The captains and mates see a lot of marlin in their years of work but I'll bet they don't get to gaze on a semi nude goddess often!

We returned to the marina at 4 PM giving us plenty of time to spend some time at the pool. We were the second boat back so it was still pretty quiet. Andi enjoyed rum and coke and I nurtured un cervesa. The sun was behind some thin clouds providing us with a nice break from the tropical sun and heat and we were able to nap long enough to reenergize.

By 5:30 all of the other boats returned and the area was abuzz with fishing and, some catching stories. We caught one of the only two marlins released but some of the other boats had great luck with tuna weighing from 40 to 100 lbs. Another boat fished along the shore reefs and caught two roosters and a sizeable amberjack.

We met the couple we had seen the night before at the swim-up bar. Chris and Jessica Bond were both from Sydney, Australia and, like us; this was their first trip to Panama. They had a great day catching yellow fin tuna and, although they didn't catch any trophies they were exhausted, nonetheless after catching several fish. 

Chris was blonde with blue eyes. He had the chiseled features of someone who worked out on a regular basis. He carried very few extra pounds and had a butt that I was sure Andi would admire. He donned a pair of bold blue board shorts and a black tee that stretched nicely over his ripped chest and arms. He sported a bit of stubble, just enough to tickle a girl's pussy, I thought. His Aussie accent charmed Andi, immediately. As Andi was known to say, "He was easy on the eyes."

Jessica reminded me of former Olympian, Dara Torres. She was athletic, tall and tan. She also looked like a gym rat as she was tight and had what looked to be C-cups under a tee that said, "Sex Instructor- 1st Lesson Free." She had that "girl next door" sexiness and warmth about her that gave me butterflies. She didn't wear any makeup; she didn't need any as her lips were smooth and silky and her complexion was flawless. Needless to say, I found her very attractive.
