 Authors Note: This is another FICTIONAL story. All characters in the story are FICTIONALwith the exception of my wife and I. All of the actions and conversations in this story are FICTIONAL.

*****

I poured myself a coffee and went to sit for a few minutes. Alan was watching his usual Saturday morning soccer games and I realized that attempting conversation with him was going to be pointless. 

"I'm going to make breakfast." I told him. "Want bacon and eggs or a kielbasa omelet?"

"Sure." He replied.

I shrugged my shoulders and decided that I would prefer an omelet. While I was chopping the ingredients I looked up and noticed that it was halftime in the game.

"Wanna go and wake Cheryl up?" 

Alan realized that it was an order more than a question and made his way upstairs. Ten minutes later the omelets were ready but there was no sign of Alan or Cheryl. I went upstairs to see what was taking them so long. I wasn't surprised to see Alan on his back on the bed naked from the waist down as Cheryl, still completely naked, was astride him. I smiled and sat down to watch. They were taking it nice and easy and when Cheryl started to rub her clit with her hand I knew that she wouldn't be long. Sure enough I saw her tense up and stop bouncing on him. A visible shudder ran through her body as she came. She lifted herself off of him and I couldn't help but stare at his erection glistening with her juices.

She immediately bent over him and started to suck. In very short order I saw Alan's body tense up and he tried to push his cock deeper into her mouth as he shot his load. Cheryl swallowed like a pro and licked his knob clean.

"Ready for breakfast?" I asked.

Cheryl pulled on a t-shirt and her panties and I told Alan to stay the way he was. He didn't object and we all made our way downstairs to have breakfast.

After breakfast Cheryl and I went into the kitchen to wash the dishes that Alan was bringing from the table. I noticed that his cock was starting to grow again and I pulled the front of his t-shirt up to show Cheryl. She reached out and grabbed it with one hand while she pulled her own t-shirt up to reveal her boobs. He had several plates and some cutlery in his hands and could only stand there helpless. I leant forward and took one of Cheryl's nipples into my mouth and she started to moan. We teased Alan for a few minutes before he realized that what we were doing. He put the plates and cutlery down and went back to watching his soccer.

We spent the day lazing around and teasing Alan and late in the afternoon went upstairs to shower and get ready for Marcus' birthday party. Cheryl had been driving Alan crazy all day. Her t-shirt was very thin and her boobs were almost visible through it. She made a point of making them jiggle every time she moved and to make it worse she sat with her legs open giving him a good view of her camel toe.

Cheryl got ready next and then it was Alan's turn. We both followed him upstairs and stood to watch while he showered. We helped him dry and get dressed and made our way back downstairs.

Alan drove us to the Honey Pot Lounge and, when we pushed the door open, we were surprised to see Marcus and Ronnie there to greet us.

"Sit anywhere you like." Said Ronnie. "We have a few waiters and waitresses to serve you. The kitchen is open so if you want anything to eat just ask. Enjoy!"

As we moved further in to the lounge Cheryl whispered to me "That was Marcus? He looks magnificent."

"Wait until you see him naked." I replied.

Just then a voice rang out.

"Janice, come sit with us."

I looked to my left and saw Darby and a couple of the guys from the hotel sitting in a booth. After introducing Cheryl I sat next to Darby. Alan sat next to me and Cheryl next to him.

"So, what's going to happen tonight?" I asked Darby.

"It's a party. What happens happens. Go with the flow and enjoy yourselves." He replied.

After chatting for a while Alan got up to go to the bathroom and Cheryl scooted over to sit next to me. I introduced her to Darby and his friends and it was clear that they were sizing her up. She didn't seem to notice and it made me wonder if I had been viewed in the same manner when I first met Darby. Then I remembered that the first time I met Darby was at the Reparations Dinner and I was already naked except for a pair of stockings.

I had noticed that the bar was really filling up and getting quite noisy. The booth that we were in was already full and I wondered what had happened to my husband. It had been at least a half an hour since he left the booth. 

The guy sat next to Cheryl was one I recognized from the gang bang in Marcus' basement. I couldn't remember his name but it didn't matter, he and Cheryl were getting along just fine. Sitting next to him was a white guy that I didn't recognize at all. Cheryl tapped my leg and leaned over to speak to me.

"Do you want to go and play darts with these guys?" she asked.

I was getting a little bored and so I agreed. After excusing myself to Darby we stood up and started off to the area where the games were. I hadn't had a chance to look around properly yet but I remembered from the pictures that I had seen on the internet where the dartboards were. The first thing I noticed as we left the booth was a girl on the stage dancing. She was already down to her underwear and I hesitated a little as she reached behind her back to undo her bra. She fumbled a bit but when the garment fell away I was amazed at how wonderful her boobs looked. They were fairly big but not at all saggy. If I had seen a picture of her in a magazine I would have said they had been airbrushed. Her beautiful pink nipples stood erect and I realized that everything she had was natural.

When we got to the dartboards I noticed my husband playing pool nearby with three guys I didn't know. I was glad that he was making friends and he looked like he was enjoying himself.

"Ok guys, what are the teams?" I asked.

"Oh, it's just you girls who'll be playing. We are just going to watch." The black guy announced.

I knew at that moment that either Cheryl or I would be naked by the end of the game. More likely we both would.

"Ok, what are we playing?" I asked.

"601. Straight in double out." Came the reply.

I am not a dart player and I had no idea what he was talking about. He obviously saw the blank look on my face and smiled. 

"Ok, the outside ring is the doubles ring. If you hit one of them your score for that dart is doubled. Say you hit an eight, that way your score would be sixteen. The inner ring is the treble ring. It works on the same principal as the doubles ring. The red bull's-eye is worth fifty and the green ring around it is worth twenty five. To end the game you have to hit a double. So if, for example, you have thirty two left you need to hit a double sixteen to win." He explained.

"Seems straightforward enough." I offered. "Any other rules we should know about?"

I knew that there would be other rules and I was interested to hear them.

"Of course there are!" he laughed. "If you score less than twenty five you have to remove a piece of clothing. If you score more than one hundred points your opponent will remove something. Sound fair?"

"That's ok with me." I shrugged. "Cheryl?"

"In front of all these people?" she hissed at me.

"Especially in front of all these people!" I laughed. "Were you planning to keep your clothes on all night?"

"Yes, well no but... oh I don't know."

"You'll be fine. You seemed to enjoy yourself last night." I mocked.

"Ok then, but I may chicken out." She was obviously nervous.

"We are ready." I announced to the guys. "Who goes first?"

"You diddle to see who goes first." Was the reply.

"What the hell does that mean?" I asked.

"Throw one dart each. Whoever is closest to the bull goes first." He explained.

My first dart hit the three just inside the treble ring. Cheryl's hit just outside the green bull.

"You've played before haven't you?" I exclaimed.

"Once or twice." She gave me a wink.

Cheryl scored forty eight with her first three darts. My effort was not so good. Two three's and a seven for a total of thirteen. I bent down to take my shoes off.

"No, no, no. Shoes don't count. Both of you should have started without shoes." The white guy insisted.

"What the hell kind of rule is that?" I laughed.

"It's our rules." He smiled. "We make the rules." He pointed at his partner in crime.

"Ok, but under protest." I giggled.

We both took our shoes off and I told Cheryl it was her turn to throw.

"Wait up." Said the white guy. "You still owe us a piece of clothing."

"Oh, what the hell." I laughed as I undid my blouse and let it fall. I noticed a coat hook on the wall near the dartboard. It seemed like an odd place for it but I put my blouse on it anyway.

Cheryl threw her darts and scored in the low thirties. My next darts were respectable but not spectacular. We exchanged throws for a little while but with no changes to our attire. Then I managed a three and an eight and my third dart hit the wire and bounced out.

"I get to throw that one again." I insisted.

"No, that's just bad luck. Take something off."

I knew that he was right but I wanted to try to look like I was embarrassed to be taking my clothes off. Truth be told, I was in the mood for it and couldn't wait to get naked. I undid the zipper on my skirt and let it drop and then stepped out of it. One of the guys picked it up and hung it on the hook with my blouse.

The game continued without incident until Cheryl hit a two and a three and her last dart slipped as she threw it and it stuck in the wall below the board.

I hadn't really realized that, instead of a skirt and blouse, she had worn a summer dress. She tried to insist that it should be worth two throws rather than one but her protests were ended decisively when the black guy (whose name I recalled was Dante or Don for short) pulled the zipper down her back in one quick movement and her dress dropped to her waist. She shrugged her shoulders and let the dress fall all the way down and bent to pick it up. She seemed unsure what to do with it but Dante took it from her and hung it on another coat hook on the opposite side of the board.

Now that we were both down to our underwear I noticed that a small crowd had gathered to watch. My husband was in the front row of the crowd and he had a big smile on his face.

The game continued uneventfully for a while and I noticed that nobody was keeping score anymore. I stood off to one side as Cheryl shot and I noticed that when she threw a dart her boobs jiggled. I realized that my rather larger pair would have been jiggling spectacularly. We had both worn bra's that displayed our cleavage but neither of us had particularly small cup bra's on.

Cheryl was obviously nervous now that she knew that three bad darts would see her revealing herself to the crowd and, sure enough, two darts off of the board and one in the seventeen gave her a deer in the headlights look. I crossed my arms in front of me and waited for her to act. She turned away from the crowd and reached behind her back. Dante grabbed her and turned her to face everyone as she undid her bra. With the clasp undone she held the bra against her boobs until Dante took her arms and raised them over her head.

As her boobs were exposed a cheer went up and I heard more than one wolf whistle. At this point I was just throwing the darts rather than aiming them. Quite honestly I had lost interest in the game and just wanted to be able to strip naked.

It wasn't long before my lack of effort showed and I turned to face the crowd and slowly took off my bra. Even though I had stripped for a guy the previous evening the moment of the reveal was still a thrill. I stepped back and hung my bra with my blouse and skirt.

With no bra to contain "the girls" (as my husband likes to refer to them) my jiggling was putting me off. Dante had noticed this and, just as I was about to throw, he came up behind me and put his arms around me and cupped my boobs.

"Let me hold these puppies for you." He said.

As I was about to throw he took my nipples between his forefingers and thumbs and started to tweak them. My first dart landed in the seventeen, my second dart thudded against the wooden cabinet that surrounded the board and my third dart fell a good three feet short of the board.

"Looks like you just lost the game!" he exclaimed.

"That's not fair. You put me off. You interfered with me." I protested.

"Nothing in the rules against that." He stated as if it were a matter of fact.

"I should be allowed to throw again." I insisted.

"Are you forgetting who makes the rules for this game?' he asked. "Let me consult my assistant referee and see if it's against the rules."

They had a quick conference and then Dante turned to me and made the Roman thumbs down signal.

He stood there staring directly at my tiny little panties and started quietly to say "Off, off, off." The crowd picked up on it and soon they joined in. I had no choice but to start to peel my panties down. I tried to look nervous and unsure but in reality I was loving it. I bent over to pick up my panties and then went over to put them on the coat hook with the rest of my clothes. Again I had the thrill of being naked in front of a lot of hungry men. It was still as thrilling as it was the very first time.

The game continued for a little while until I somehow managed to shoot one hundred and five. It was a total fluke and I heard Cheryl gasp as the score was announced. She knew that she had no choice and off came her panties.

I went over to her and hugged her. "How are you feeling?" I asked.

"Very nervous but very excited." She replied.

"Ok, let's go and play pool and really give them a show." I winked at her.

"Let's do it!" she agreed.

We walked through the crowd to one of the pool tables. A guy racked the balls and I broke. We both made sure to over reach and open our legs when we were taking a shot. Halfway through the game we were both excited beyond belief. The cue ball ended up near one of the corner pockets and my shot was a ball into the far corner pocket. I bent over to make it seem like I was looking at the line. In reality I was showing off my pussy to the guys behind me and my boobs were swinging for the benefit of the guys in front.

With my legs apart I lined up to take the shot. It was a shot that I never got to make. Before I had a chance to shoot I felt something probing my pussy. I felt it parting my lips and then it pushed deep into me. I really didn't care who it was. It felt wonderful and I dropped the pool cue and started to push back. 

I gasped on each thrust and soon felt that familiar tingle running through my body. My breasts were swinging back and forth in time to his rhythm and I knew that I would come very soon. My first orgasm of the evening was gorgeous and when my writhing had subsided the guy pulled out and shot his load over my ass and up my back.

My legs were wobbly and I hung on to the pool table for a minute or so. When I turned to look the guy had gone. I still have no idea who it was. Alan told me later that is was a black guy that he didn't recognize.

Cheryl had watched me getting fucked and I could tell that she was ready to get hers too. She leant against the pool table and bent over to wait. She didn't have to wait long before I heard her gasp as she was penetrated. A few seconds later I was also taken again. As I pushed into him I felt my breasts banging against the side of the pool table. It hurt a little but, mixed with the pleasure of feeling a cock stroking my insides, it wasn't long before I went over the edge again and orgasmed.

When the guy had finished with me I decided to take a walk and see what else was happening. Walking naked in a crowd of guys who were mainly still fully clothed still gave me that exhilarating feeling of being both vulnerable and desirable. For a moment I regretted being such a prude in my younger days. My feelings changed back to lust as I got free of the crowd and saw a naked white man walking toward me. I couldn't help but gawk at the monster that was swinging between his legs. It was easily as big as Marcus' cock and I guessed that he must have been snipped because its purple mushroom head was clearly visible and inviting.

I looked up at his face and realized that his attention was concentrated entirely on my boobs. As we passed I put my hand on his stomach as close to his cock as I could without actually touching it.

"I'm looking forward to entertaining you later." I purred as my hand slid down his stomach and onto the object of my desire.

I ran my fingers slowly and gently down the length of his member. 

"I look forward to being entertained." He replied. 

As we went our separate ways he turned and slapped my ass hard. Really really hard. My butt cheek stung but I remembered being taken roughly at the Reparations Dinner. It wasn't something that I wanted every time but I was looking forward to seeing him later.

The next thing I saw was Marcus sitting on a chair with a naked black girl grinding on him. He was still fully clothed and I noticed that his hands were behind the chair. As I moved toward the bar I bumped into Ronnie. 

"Enjoying yourself!" she yelled.

"Very much so." I replied. "How is Marcus enjoying his birthday?"

"Look at him. He's like a fox in a henhouse." She laughed.

It was at this point that I noticed that his hands were tied behind him to the back of the chair. He was straining forward to try to get the girls nipple into his mouth but she was teasing him perfectly by keeping just out of reach.

"How long has he been tied to that chair?" I asked.

"This is his third girl." Chuckled Ronnie. "When he gets loose we'd better watch out."

I noticed the bulge in his pants and laughed.

"All the girls have agreed to strip for him tonight and drive him crazy." She said. "And then we have a special treat for him later."

"How come I wasn't asked?" I was a little annoyed at being left out.

"Don't worry. I knew I wouldn't have to ask you. Be ready at eleven thirty." 

"Sounds like you have a plan." I giggled

"Yup. In the meantime go and enjoy yourself." 

We hugged and kissed and I felt her hand gently rub over my ass. Again I felt vulnerable and desirable.

I wandered around for a while, briefly stopping to watch people enjoying themselves, until a guy grabbed me and picked me up off my feet. He threw me over his shoulder and made his way towards a booth where he dumped me down onto the seat that ran around the booth.

"Woo hoo!" I laughed. "Thanks for the ride!"

The guy sat down next to me and started to introduce his friends to me. There appeared to be a pretty even mix of black guys and white guys around the table, all fully clothed, and I noticed that there were no other women.

"Enjoying yourself?" He asked. I wondered if he was speaking to me or just to my boobs.

"It's been fun so far." I admitted.

"I watched your dart game." He smiled. "It was very entertaining."

"Yeah, who knew darts could be so much fun?" I laughed.

"What else do you like to do?" He asked.

"What would you like me to do? I'm open to suggestions."

"Have you ever danced on a table?" 

"I do have some experience doing just that." I answered.

"Would you like to do it now?" He sounded like a schoolboy asking a girl for a kiss.

"Why not? Help me up." I replied.

He picked me up again and laid me on the table.

I decided that it was time to get as slutty as I possibly could. In my previous life I would have been horrified to be associated with the word 'slut' but now I just accepted it as a word that described my part in my lifestyle. I was enjoying myself and my marriage stronger than ever and my sex life with my husband was better than ever. I knew that this lifestyle would end at some point but I also knew it wasn't at this point. 
