 I was awakened by the cry of a French word followed by no, no, no. I turned my head to see Alysse still lying between us and apparently having a dream. I put my hand gently on her forehead and stroked her hair. She stopped talking and rolled on her side to face me then slowly opened her eyes. "I'm still here." She said as she reached her hand out to touch me. "I thought I had dreamed all this and I was alone in my apartment."

"No my precious love, you are still here with us. You don't have to be alone anymore."

She moved close to me and put her arms around me. "You don't know how good this makes me feel. I've missed this so much. It was wonderful to sleep with someone again. I was so contented feeling both of you next to me."

"I know what you mean. Suvarna wakes up every day with a smile because she's so happy to find me next to her."

"It's true Alysse, it's the best feeling in the world to open my eyes and see him next to me." Suvarna snuggled up next to Alysse and put her arm over her. "Ummmhhh, What is it about you French women? Just holding you makes me tingle all over. It's the same with Janelle."

"I don't think it's just French women Suvarna. You make me feel the same way. I wouldn't have believed that lying naked with a woman would be something I would ever feel comfortable doing but your warm breasts against my back are sending wonderful sensations all through me."

"Turn over here and face me and I'll give you some more sensations."

Alysse rolled over so they could wrap their arms around each other. "Suvarna when I look at your face I see nothing but love. Your smile is full of love and your eyes sparkle with it. Just looking in your beautiful eyes makes me feel dizzy."

"Wait until you look into Mitra's eyes when she's holding you like this. You'll feel a lot more than dizzy." Suvarna moved her head forward and kissed her softly. I felt Alysse shudder as I moved close behind her. Suvarna moved her hand down Alysse's back to her ass and then to my cock. She wrapped her hand around my shaft and began to stroke it. I felt it stiffen in her hand and she rubbed the swollen head in Alysse's butt crack. Alysse lifted her leg and Suvarna laid my hard cock next to her pussy. Alysse lowered her leg and squeezed my cock with her thighs as she let out a long contented sigh.

I slowly drew my cock back then slid it forward rubbing it along her slit. Suvarna took Alysse's hand and moved it down between them and put it between her legs as she raised her leg to give her access to her pussy. "Play with me Alysse. Rub your fingers all over my pussy."

"I've never had sex with a woman before. I'm not sure what to do."

Don't have sex with me Alysse; make love with me. Do to me what you would do to yourself. Feel me my love. Don't think about it. Let your heart guide you. The same love you saw in my eyes and in my smile is also in my pussy; take it my sweet, take all you want. Explore me. Enjoy me. Share with me what Prem is doing to you and I'll cum for you."

"Ohhh yesss Suvarna I will. Kiss me and take my breath away. Let me sink deeply into your love. Teach me how to love as you do."

I continued to leisurely slide my cock between her thighs, which had become slippery from her juices leaking from her and mixing with my precum. The head of my cock was rubbing against her clit causing her to moan into Suvarna's mouth. They were kissing with so much passion that they both shuddered from the intensity of it. They breathed deeply each time they did this.

"Alysse that feels wonderful. Your loving touch is making me tingle with joy."

"I don't know which one of us is wetter Suvarna. It thrills me to know that I've made you wet. My pussy's on fire and my fingers are shaking with excitement from touching you. I want to do more Suvarna. I want to see you. I.... I want to taste you."

"Ohhhh Yessss my darling Alysse, do it. Eat me, drink me and lick me. Put your fingers in me. Open that sweet mouth and let me feel your hot tongue inside me."

Suvarna rolled on her back and Alysse got between her legs and held her head inches away from Suvarna's wide-open crotch. The expression on her face was a priceless mixture of joy, excitement and wonder.

"Suvarna you are truly beautiful. I feel like I'm experiencing sex for the first time. My heart is beating fast and my palms are sweaty and I can hardly breathe. Oh Suvarna, you're wonderful."

Her hands were on Suvarna's upper thighs. She used her thumbs to pull her outer lips open and reveal her labia. She leaned her head forward and kissed the pink folds softly, tentatively, tasting another woman for the first time. Suvarna moaned and Alysse watched in utter fascination as a drop of her juice slid out from between the pink lips and trickled slowly downward toward her asshole. Her tongue intercepted the sweet morsel of nectar before it reached the puckered orifice.

Watching her transfixed enjoyment of Suvarna's pussy, a feeling I was very familiar with, was making my cock throb with sexual energy. I moved down the bed. Alysse was lying on her stomach between Suvarna's legs. I gave her a playful pat on her ass and told her to get on her knees. I put my hands on her hips to help raise her up and get in position without disturbing where her head was. I gently moved her legs apart then knelt behind her.

I lined up my cock with her pussy and used my hand to rub the head up and down her slit. I tickled her clit with it then slowly slid it up and past her vagina to her anus. I pushed forward just enough to excite the tight little hole but not enter it. She let out a little gasp. After a few more swipes of my cock along her slit I positioned the head at the entrance to her vagina. It was hot and wet and I felt it open in anticipation and longing for me to enter her. I pushed forward and didn't stop until I was fully ensconced in her loving pink embrace.

She moaned loudly as the head of my cock touched her cervix. Her mouth was covering Suvarna's pussy and the sound of her moaning caused Suvarna to press her hips against her open mouth and answer her moan with one of her own. I paused to look at the lips of her pussy spread wide around the base of my cock. They glistened with her juices in the diffused morning light coming through the open windows and French doors. I turned my head to look at the fabulous view of the lake and the hills far in the distance. What an incredible way to start a day.

"Alysse keep loving Suvarna just the way you're doing. I'm going to fuck you now and I want you to make Suvarna's pussy feel as good as I'm going to make yours feel. Lick her and suck her and when you get close to cumming she'll feel it and so will I. Let her cum in your mouth as I fill your pussy with hot cream."

I felt her squeeze my cock with her cunt to let me know she understood. I started stroking her slippery channel with steady strokes pulling back until only the head was left inside her then pushing the entire length back into her. I put my hands oh her ass cheeks and spread them apart and squeezed them as I fucked her. My balls contacted her clit each time I bottomed out in her.

We were all in synch now. I gradually increased the pace of my stroking and I could feel her arousal increasing and hear the elevated sounds of their moaning. I was slapping into her hips with enough force to make her pretty ass jiggle. I moved my thumb to her asshole and pressed against it then rubbed it. She pushed her hips back against me each time I refilled her vagina with my cock. Her breathing deepened. I leaned forward and cupped her breasts in my hands and squeezed them. "Are you ready to cum Alysse? Do you want me to spray my hot cum deep inside you now?"

"Ohhh yesss do it. I'm almost....OHHH MY GOD YES I'm going to....."

She plastered her wide-open mouth over Suvarna's pussy and I felt her vagina begin to spasm around my cock. Suvarna breathed in sharply and deeply and her hips rose up and pressed against Alysse's mouth. Her stomach muscles flexed. "Ohhh yesss Alysse suck me my love. Feel me cum in your sweet mouth."

I held still with my cock buried deep inside her pulsating cunt and let her milk the pearly liquid from me in long spurts that splashed against the pink walls that confined my throbbing cock. As the last glob jetted into her she collapsed forward on top of Suvarna. Suvarna pulled her up to lie on top of her and kissed her to taste her juices on Alysse's mouth. Alysse was breathing like she had just finished a marathon.

"Ohhhhh what have you two done to me? I've never experienced anything so wonderful in my life. I didn't know it was possible to cum like that."

"My sweet baby you'd better get used to it. It's going to be like that from now on. The orgasms will keep getting better and more intense each time. That's what all these meditations are about. Wait until you learn to circulate the light. You'll have orgasms that last an hour."

"You can do that?"

"Just wait. You'll find out for yourself. Now let's go have some coffee then get cleaned up and go out for breakfast."

We put on robes and made the long trek to the kitchen where we found Mitra and Vitesha.

"Good morning Prem. Good morning Suvarna. Good morning Alysse. We've been waiting for you. Mitra has been out walking around the estate and came back with some apples she found growing on a tree. We still had some whole-wheat flour in the car so she made muffins. I've set the table in the grand dining room. So go have a seat and we'll all have a light breakfast."

"Mitra I don't know how you manage to do these things."

"You learn to be resourceful when you live in India for two years."

The twins were already in the dining room when we got there. We walked over to them and kissed them good morning then took our place at the elaborate table, which could seat twenty-two people. Suvarna sat at the head and I sat to her right across from Mitra. Vitesha acted as our footman and served each of us a muffin and a cup of delicious coffee.

Suvarna asked Janelle, "What have you been up to this morning my little teenage dream?"

"I talked to mother on the phone. She says she has decided to take you up on your offer to attend cooking school and then come to New York and open a restaurant. She said Jean and I could come with her and either work in the restaurant or finish university in America."

"That's fabulous Janelle. Tell her I'll make the arrangements for the school and send her the details soon. She will, of course, live here at the Chateau while she is attending the school. I'll also contact Anthony and tell him to start scouting out locations for a restaurant. Anthony would just love this place. Can't you just see him fixing lavish meals for dinner parties here?"

"Yes I can and I miss Anthony and his cooking. Why is it you don't have lavish dinner parties at your place in New York?"

"I've purposely been reclusive to avoid having to hobnob with 'the right people'. I could care less about the social scene and rubbing elbows with a lot of rich snobs like the ones we met at the ballet that night. I deliberately keep a low profile to avoid being invited to places where my picture could end up in a newspaper or magazine. I don't do Facebook or Twitter or anything else on the Internet other than email and I use that sparingly. Even then it's always encrypted and I have my own servers. Until we came on this trip I had never met anybody I would want to invite to my place for dinner."

"Well my love, look around you. Now we have a family. And it keeps growing everywhere we go."

"I know. It's wonderful Prem. I feel more comfortable with these people than with anybody I've ever been with. I hate to say this but that even includes my parents. Speaking of family, have you heard anything from Sandy?"

"I've managed to send her some emails regarding our trip but I haven't heard anything back about the baby yet. You know I'd tell you as soon as I hear something."

"Alysse I want you to call Pierre and ask him what's going on regarding the party and tell him you won't be in the office today because you're helping me. If the party seems to be happening, tell him to let us know if there is anything we can do to assist. When you finish speaking with him come back upstairs and we will all take a bath."

We brought a carafe of coffee back to the room with us and went out on the balcony to drink another cup. We sat in the large comfortable reclining lounge chairs and looked out over the lake. "It's beautiful here isn't it?"

"Yes my love, I'm so glad you suggested coming on this trip. I feel better about the things we've done on this trip than anything else I've ever done. I couldn't have imagined how good it feels to help people like the Merciers and the twins and Alysse. I could never have done these things without you Prem. God I love you. Thank you so much for all you've done for me."

I took her hand and kissed it. "My time with you has been the high point of my life. I walk around like Mitra did in India with tears in my eyes because I love you so much and I'm so glad that I can keep finding more ways to make you happy. Watching you become who you are now is the most magical thing I've ever done. You have truly changed my life."

"One day when she's old enough I will bring Victoria on this same trip and tell her about the people you helped and the things we did and how much you loved her even though you never got to meet her. She will hear from others just how wonderful you were and how much they loved you. We will drink wine with the Merciers and sit here on this balcony and have coffee and look out over this lake and I will hold her hand and love her as much as I love you."

Alysse walked out of the bedroom. "Oh there you are, I thought you may have been in the bathroom. Pierre says that everyone in the office is wild with excitement about a party at the Chateau and they have been contacting people all day yesterday. Three of the cooking schools have said they will do the catering to give their students a chance to experience something like this and will not charge for anything but the supplies.

Several music groups at the universities have volunteered to play. One of the big couturiers in Paris has said they will send as many models as you want to show off their new line of clothes as long as you will allow them to be photographed. More responses have come in over night and the staff will go through them this morning. It sounds like the party is definitely going to happen."

"That's great news. Tell Pierre to find out what it will take to get Madeline enrolled in one of the cooking schools and ask the couturier if he has five extra dresses he could send and give him the sizes for all of us. We didn't bring formal gowns with us so we can be models too. What about drinks? We'll need Champagne and sparkling water for everybody. There are to be no plastic cups or plates. It doesn't have to be fine china and silverware but no plastic. Ask Pierre if he needs any money and also what we need to do about parking. We can't have people walking up here from the public parking lot in formal attire. We'll need a shit load of valets and cops to direct traffic. Ask him if he thinks we should use busses to keep from having a line of cars a mile long."

"Do you have a laptop I could use? I should probably email him these items."

"Sure. I'll get it for you when we get out of the bath but first let's go wash all this sex off us."

Suvarna got the bath started and poured in some bubble bath. I got in one end and Suvarna lay at the other end. Alysse lay between us with her back on my chest and her butt between my legs. She leaned her head back on my right shoulder and put one of her legs over one of Suvarna's and the other one under her other leg so their pussies were touching. The hot water came up just beneath her breasts and the bubbles covered them. I kissed her cheek and she turned her head so I could kiss her mouth. My hands drew the hot water up over her breasts and I massaged them gently.

No matter how hot the sex was, bathing with my lovers was still one of the things I enjoyed the most. Sex was active and tense; this was passive and relaxing. What connected the two was the love; it flowed through us like our blood passing from one to the other. The gentle tender caresses induced a state of euphoria as pleasurable as an orgasm. Our bodies communicated wordlessly to express our affection for each other.

Their sensitive pussies pressing against each other in the hot water sent pleasurable sensations between them without rubbing or grinding. A soft lingering kiss of their lips as passionate as any done with their mouths. Suvarna gently rubbed bubbles on the inside of Alysse's thigh and stroked her like she was petting a cat. My hands enclosed her breasts and felt them softly rise and fall with her breathing.

"I've never felt love like this before. It just engulfs me like this wonderful water. It's powerful and soft at the same time. Exquisitely intense and supremely comforting. In only one day I feel more at home here with you than I have ever felt in my life. How did you ever become capable of love like this?"

"Love is always there Alysse. All you have to do is be willing to surrender to it completely. When I asked Prem to show me what love is I had no idea what I was asking for until he did it. His willingness to love me totally without restriction or conditions compelled me to love him the same way."

"I was helpless to do otherwise. I had asked and I received. How could I not respond in kind? Once we started, our love led us deeper and challenged us to keep expanding our capacity to love. Then love sent Mitra to us and she took us to yet another level beyond human love to spiritual love. Through her meditations and her compassion we reached divine love. Now it is no longer something we do. It has become who we are."

"Suvarna, not long ago I wouldn't have been able to understand what you have told me but losing Michelle has carved deep into my soul and made room for something new to come to me. His death made me see how much energy we waste in petty, useless activity and squander the precious time we have with the ones we love. I agonized over senseless squabbles and arguments we had that robbed us of moments we could have spent doing what we're doing now. Lying in each other's arms loving silently and caring deeply for each other. Now I feel that I can love again. I hear what you're saying and I know I can love as you and Prem do. I'm ready to go forward now.

"Don't ever doubt that Alysse. If you were not ready for us, love would not have led us to you. I want you to understand that you are under no obligation to do anything with us. If something does not feel right to you then tell us and never think that you owe us anything. You don't have to believe in anything or follow any written rules. We are not part of a cult; we don't belong to any religion or subscribe to any creed. The only commandment we have is love. Everything else is just a playful experiment to find out for ourselves what love is and what it can do to us. I don't have much time left to live and I don't intend to waste a second of it on nonsense."

"Suvarna that's the second time I've heard you say something about not having much time left. What do you mean by that?"

"I have a brain tumor and the doctors say I have about five months left to live."

"Oh Suvarna please tell me that's not true. I don't know if I could stand to lose somebody else I love. Michelle's death was so difficult to cope with and now I have to endure it again."

"This may be the reason we have come into your life. We all have to deal with the death of loved ones. None of us are guaranteed tomorrow. The whole point, if there is a point, to these meditations is to realize that you are not your body and you are not your mind and that death is not an ending but a transformation, which we all will have to make one day. Knowing I have so little time is the shock that made me capable of surrendering totally to Prem and to love. This past month has been the best time of my life and the next five will be even better. Once you understand, the sadness and the fear will disappear."
