 The only thing I liked better than sleeping with Mitra was waking up with her. Nothing gave me that feeling of being exactly where I should be like lying next to her in bed when I opened my eyes. I noticed it was still dark and heard her say, "Oh good you're awake. Get up and come with me to the bathroom. We need to get ready quickly." 

When we arrived in the bathroom she had me give her an enema then we took a fast shower and dried off. "What's the hurry Mitra?" 

"You'll see." She said as she pulled me back to the bedroom. She had a bottle of massage oil in her hand. When we got to the bedroom she grabbed one of the large pillows off the bed and led me out to the balcony. The stars were incredible. She put the pillow on the wide stone railing of the balcony then got on her knees and began to suck my cock. 

When she had me fully erect she stood up, handed me the bottle of oil then leaned her stomach on the pillow with her chest and head hanging over the balcony. "Now put some of that oil on your cock and then put your cock in my ass." 

I decided to do both at the same time. I placed the tip of my cock against her anus then began to dribble the oil onto the head drop by drop. As soon as there was enough on it, I pushed forward and slipped it inside her then stopped to dribble more oil on my shaft. I kept up this sequence until my entire cock had been oiled and inserted in her hot ass. 

"Oooohhhh that's perfect Prem. Now start fucking me nice and slow." 

That wasn't hard to do given how much oil I had coated my cock with before getting it all the way inside her. The cool breeze from the lake felt refreshing as I slid slowly in and out of her. "Can you tell me what the big rush was?" 

"Just be patient and keep fucking me. You don't have to be in a hurry now." 

I looked out at the lake and up above the hills in the distance. The stars were still there but there was a faint glow in the sky. As I kept watching, the glow gradually increased. Then it dawned on me, literally, why she wanted to get out here. The sun was rising on the other side of the Chateau and the light was beginning to illuminate the lake. I pushed my cock deep inside of her and held still then leaned over and put my hands around her full breasts. I laid my head on her shoulder and said softly, "I love you." 

Her rectum gave my cock a squeeze to acknowledge what I said to her. Together we watched the lake come alive as the sunlight brought more and more of it into view. I could see geese in the distance and a flight of cormorants skimmed across the water. 

I rose up to a standing position and resumed our leisurely fucking, picking up speed gradually until my hips were slapping against her ass. Our orgasms built steadily and unhurriedly finally culminating simultaneously. I emptied the contents of my prostate into her in a series of hot spurts as she silently received them deep in her rectum. 

I rested for a moment then withdrew my spent cock from her. She stood up, picked up the pillow and said, "What a fabulous way to start the day. Come on, let's get cleaned up and go see what the plan is for today. My guess is it's going be a busy one." 

Her prediction proved to be accurate. By the time we had rounded up the group and went down to the kitchen for coffee things had already begun to happen. Alysse was on the phone with Pierre writing down the items he was telling her to expect today. When her call ended she told us that the meeting planner would be here shortly to coordinate most of the activity. I volunteered to take the car and drive to the café to get us some breakfast. 

I took Janelle with me to help in case I needed a translator. When we got there we saw that there was a farmer's market that was open on Saturday so we stocked up on all sorts of delicious looking items including ground coffee that we could make at the Chateau so we didn't even have to go in the café. We got enough for the models and their retinue and any other people that would be dropping by to help with the party. 

Despite the increased activity there really wasn't much that involved us except to answer an occasional question about where something should be or who was to do some particular function. 

The photographers and the models moved around and set up shots in various places and our ladies were called in by the seamstress to fit their gowns in case any alterations or adjustments were necessary. 

I was impressed by how much got done and how efficiently and professionally the people did their jobs. By six o'clock virtually everything had been done except the items that could only be done on the day of the party. Large bins had been placed in the garages to ice down the Champagne and the portable toilets had been delivered and set up in back of the garages. The caterers and the security people would do the rest tomorrow and then we'd be ready to party. 

When everybody had left we walked around and inspected everything. I was surprised to see that nothing was out of place or dirty or broken. Except for the rooms where the food and drinks were to be served you couldn't tell anybody had even been there unless you knew that there were some items that had been moved to storage to protect them. 

I had to admit that Pierre had done a hell of a job on such short notice. He had even gone to the trouble of having a sign printed to place by the front door reminding everyone that they were in a private residence and asking them to please be careful as they walked around and to put used plates and glasses in the designated areas. And in large print at the bottom: Smoking is strictly prohibited inside and outside. 

We invited the models and their friends to dinner again and loaded up the bus. They seemed a lot more relaxed tonight probably due to not having been sitting in the bus for hours. They had questions about the Chateau and us. We told them our cover story and they seemed satisfied that it was the truth. But they wanted to know who actually owned the place. Suvarna told them that the company we worked for had not given us that information and even if we knew we could not divulge the names of clients.  

They speculated that it was probably some big American corporation like Google or Apple or possibly an Arab oil sheik or prince. One of the models kept looking at Mitra while trying not to let it be noticed. Of course Mitra noticed and did not hesitate to return her surreptitious looks with very warm, loving looks of her own. The model said something to one of the others in French. Jean translated for Mitra. She had said, "There is something different about her. I feel as if I have known her before." 

"I get told that quite often. You recognize something don't you?" 

"Oui, yes that is the word. I recognize you. Who are you? You're not just an assistant auditor are you?" 

"That is only one of the things I do, that is not who I am. Actually I'm nobody in particular and I'm sure you have never met me before." 

The pretty young model was staring unabashedly at Mitra now. She was close to being captivated with her. Mitra continued to look at her with all the considerable warmth and love she was capable of. This wasn't something Mitra usually did. She normally looked at people with a calm unaffected look that aroused neither interest nor indifference, a look that sometimes put you at ease and sometimes disturbed you. I wasn't sure why Mitra was looking at the girl but I knew why the girl was looking at Mitra. Been there. Done that. 

One of the photographers had a camera with him and he picked it up and took a picture of Mitra. The look on Mitra's face changed immediately as she turned to look at the photographer. Her expression was not threatening; more like disappointment. "I would really appreciate your deleting that picture right now." 

He made the mistake of questioning her. "Why should I? You are in a public place and it's not against the law to take somebody's picture." 

"That may be true but you are our guests for dinner and what you just did is invasive, intrusive and extremely rude. I am asking you to delete the picture because you have no business with it." 

"And what if I decide not to delete it?" 

"Then you must be prepared to accept the consequences." 

"Is that a threat?" 

"It is just a statement. It is the law of karma. Everything you do has consequences. What the consequences of your refusal might be could surprise you and I wouldn't want to spoil the surprise." 

It was perfectly clear to everybody else at the table that Mitra was warning him but the jerk with the camera wasn't getting the message. 

Suvarna said in a calm but strong voice, "Unlike Julia I don't have any problem spoiling your surprise. You and your associates were invited to the Chateau to have a good time and to have the chance to take pictures in a place nobody has ever been allowed to before. If you want to get back into the Chateau tonight and continue your assignment I strongly advise you to delete that picture. 

If you do not, I can and will have the gendarmes at the Chateau confiscate your cameras and escort all of you off the property. You can then explain to your employer why you have returned without any pictures and their expensive one of a kind gowns. And let me be perfectly clear about this, you are not to take another picture of any of us again. If you need what I have said to be translated into French I can have Alysse do it for you." 

He got that message and he didn't need it translated. He made a big show of displaying the picture in the camera's window and pushing the delete button. 

One of the other models said, "Please accept our apologies for this incident. Sometimes photographers think they can take a picture of anybody any time they feel like it. They sometimes forget their manners and assume everybody wants to be photographed." 

Suvarna looked at her and said, "Merci. I accept your apology but it should have come from him. We have very valid reasons for not wanting our picture taken. Our work as auditors often involves extremely sensitive business information and we are sometimes asked to do it in places where it would be inadvisable to be recognized. If that picture were to get into a newspaper or on the Internet it could seriously jeopardize our careers. If that were to happen I assure you there would be very unpleasant repercussions for us and whoever took it." 

The photographer said, "She's right, everybody has a camera in their phone and they are constantly taking pictures with it. As a professional I should know better than to do that without asking first. I'm not paparazzi and I'm sorry if it upset you." 

"I trust you will all act like professionals for the remainder of your time here. It was very difficult to get permission to have this party. The owner of the Chateau values their privacy and anonymity very highly. I don't want to damage my company's relationship with them by having something happen that would cause them to lose confidence in our ability to comply with their requirements. If all goes smoothly there may be future opportunities to have people visit the Chateau. Please don't do anything else to make me regret allowing you to stay there." 

When we returned to the Chateau the driver of the bus, one of the photographer's assistants, stopped at the front door and let us all out before parking the bus. The model that exchanged looks with Mitra at the restaurant asked Mitra if she could talk to her for a moment. She said her name was Genevieve and she wanted to say how sorry she was about what had happened at dinner. 

"It was not your fault Genevieve, you need not apologize for his actions." 

"I was glad to see somebody stand up to him, especially a woman. Antoine likes to think he can get any woman he wants because he is a well-known photographer. He tries to coerce all the models into having sex with him by promising them he can get them jobs." 

"Did he do that with you?" 

"Yes. He told me it was something all models do to get started in the business." 

"Men like that have been telling young women like you that bullshit forever. I'm sorry you were taken advantage of that way. Is that how you got this job?" 

"Probably, it came up unexpectedly and most of the other models already had commitments. None of the women who are here have much experience or are under a permanent contract so it's more like an audition for us." 

"Unfortunately Genevieve there are sometimes unpleasant dues to be paid if you want to make it in a job that is very competitive like modeling." 

"It wasn't that I hated doing it. He's good looking and fun but I didn't like feeling that I had no choice." 

"I know exactly what you mean. It didn't mean anything to him and it made you feel taken advantage of, he used you." 

"Yes it did. Somehow when I looked at you tonight I knew you would understand how I feel and I guess I need somebody to talk to. I haven't lived in Paris very long and I don't have any real friends. It scares me sometimes. The way you looked at me tonight was the first time any person has made me feel at ease in a long time." 

"I saw your uneasiness and your fear. I wanted to try to make you feel a little better." 

"Oh you did. When you looked at me the way you did it made me think of my mother and the way she used to look at me. It was such a sweet loving look. That may be why Antoine took your picture. He probably misinterpreted it though. Knowing him, he thought you were trying to seduce me and that made him feel jealous." 

"Insecure men feel threatened if they think somebody else is trying to play with one of their toys. Antoine is a very controlling man and even though you don't mean anything to him he likes to feel like he owns you. I don't usually give advice but you need to get away from him." 

"I just don't see any way I can right now. I need to work and I have been to many other modeling agencies but so far this is the only steady work I have found. I have nowhere else to go. I've lived with my grandparents for the last three years while I finished school. My parents are both dead and I don't know what else to do. What little money I make goes to pay my share of the rent for a small apartment I live in with another model." 

"How old are you Genevieve? 

"I just turned eighteen before I moved to Paris four months ago." 

"I was once like you. I was disconnected from my family, not very interested in school, changing jobs that had no prospect of long-term stability. I was drifting, with nobody to help me. Then I did something pretty radical and managed to find my way. How do you really feel about being a model? Is your heart set on this or is it just something to pay the bills?" 

"I like doing it but there are many aspects of it that seem unsavory to me. Having to deal with Antoine and others like him, the jealousy and deceitfulness of other models, not being given much notice for jobs that come up. Plus I rarely get to sleep regular hours or eat properly." 

"There are very few jobs that do not have negative aspects. I found mine where I least expected it and turned all of the unsavory things into rewarding experiences. But first I had to change myself. I think you need to do the same. You will never be content in life until you first find out who you are. Do you understand what I'm saying? Do you feel like you really know who you are?" 

Genevieve was silent for a moment as she looked at Mitra. "I thought I did but now I'm not sure." 

"Then you do not know. Do you want to find out?" 

"Yes, I think I should." 

"Don't think, this is something you must really want. It should be a burning fire inside you to discover yourself. You cannot do this half-heartedly or you are doomed to fail and make yourself even more miserable. You have to be totally committed to it." 

"How do I do this?" 

"I can help you. Tonight at the restaurant you said you recognized something in me. What you were seeing is that I know who I am. Your spirit responded to mine because it felt a connection. This is why I was able to stand up to Antoine and you cannot. He knew this and reacted to it hostilely. I always treat others with kindness and respect but if they attack me they will find out that I am fully capable of defending myself. You have not yet learned how to do this." 

"You can teach me this? Why would you want to do this for me." 

"Yes I can teach you this. As for why I would... well that's a long story. Let's just say for now that the one who taught me has requested that I pass the teaching along to anybody that truly wants to learn. It is not necessarily an easy lesson to learn. It can be difficult, even painful but that is entirely up to you. If you are resistant then it can be hard but if you trust completely then it can become wonderful." 

"What would I have to do?" 

"Give up everything you are doing and all that you currently possess. I get the impression that isn't a lot in your case. Nevertheless it will cause you much concern because it sounds crazy. Why would you want to abandon your life to be with somebody you really don't know anything about? There's only one answer to that question. Do you know what it is? 

She stared into Mitra's eyes for a long time. "I think it's that I need to trust you completely." 

"That answer came from your mind. The real answer must come from your heart. Have you ever meditated Genevieve?" 

"No, I'm not sure I even know what meditation is." 

"That's good, it means you won't have to get rid of any misconceptions. If you are to be with me and the others you will learn to meditate and the meditations you will do will be sexual meditations. Do you have any problems with sex? Can you be comfortable having sex in a group and with women as well as men?" 

"I like sex but I've never had sex with a group of people. I experimented with sex with my closest girlfriend in school and I liked it but it didn't really change my life." 

"Sexual meditations will change your life. I don't mean they will turn you into a lesbian but you will learn how to go beyond your current sexual boundaries and discover things about yourself. Right now you are like a very young bird that is still inside the shell of the egg it has been growing in. In the case of people, the shell is called the ego. Before you can continue growing and become your true self you have to break out of this shell. It was necessary at first but now it must be shattered completely. Meditation is the only really effective way to do this. Does this sound like something you can do? If not then forget we ever had this conversation and continue living the way you are." 

"I want to change my life. I feel I must because I don't really have a life. What would I have to do to join you?" 

"That's easy, when the others return to Paris you will stay here with us. If you need to, you will call your roommate and tell her you are moving. If you need or want anything in your apartment you can have it shipped to you. I assume you don't have furniture of your own." 

"No only my clothes and some inexpensive jewelry and toiletries." 

"Then you can forget about all that. You brought some clothes with you didn't you?" 

"Yes, enough for a few days." 

"That's all you need for now. Anything else you can buy new." 

"But I don't have much money." 

"Don't worry about money. While you are with us, anything you need will be paid for. Consider this to be a long vacation. You are of course free to leave at any time and you will be provided with transportation back to Paris. Do you have a passport?" 

"Yes I got one a month ago for an assignment in Bucharest. I brought it with me. Why would I need it?" 

"Because we are going to visit some more properties, one of which is in Antigua in the Caribbean." 

"You will fly me to Antigua?" 
