 Note: The last scene in this chapter depicts an act of incest. If this is something you are not comfortable with or interested in then stop reading at that point and go on to the next chapter. 

For those of you who have not read this series from chapter 01 you may be confused about a few things. There are four principle characters in this series. Anne, Carl, Melissa and Julia. Each of these characters has another name, which you would know about if you have been reading from the beginning. If you have not, Anne is Suvarna, Carl is Prem, Melissa is Vitesha and Julia is Mitra. Consider these to be nicknames although they have a more important meaning; they signify their rebirth day when they became spiritually aware and committed to a drastically different way of living. 

******************************* 

Despite the teary ending to yesterday I felt refreshed waking up this morning. Any day you can wake up with Suvarna is a good day. If there's also a young French wet dream named Janelle lying next to you then you can't help but feel blessed. I snuck out of bed so I wouldn't wake them and headed for the bathroom. After my morning pee and brushing my teeth I returned to the bedroom and figured out how to work the music system so I could put on the only appropriate song for the occasion, Katy Perry's 'Teenage Dream'. 

We'd gone all the way last night and I intended to do it again today and tonight. Janelle was pretty without any makeup on and I had to fight the urge to run away with her and never look back. I turned the volume up loud and they both opened their eyes and as they listened to the song they both smiled. 

When it finished Suvarna put her arms around Janelle and said, "That's exactly what you are Janelle, a teenage dream. How could we help but love you?" They started kissing and were soon rubbing their bodies against each other while their hands wandered all over. 

I pushed a button on the music system and let Ms. Perry continue to provide the narration for this morning with 'I Kissed a Girl' and got back in bed. Janelle and Suvarna obviously liked kissing a girl too. If I ever needed an example of how love works I was seeing it now. When you love a person it doesn't make a bit of difference how old they are or what color they are or what gender they are or what their religion is or what language they speak. Love transcends these inconsequential differences. Suvarna discovered this with Mitra and again with Vitesha and now with Janelle and Jean. 

The only thing love cares about is joy. Genuine, heartfelt, authentic joy that vibrates within you and the person you love and connects them to you. It happens all too infrequently in this world and to find this with even one person is very special but to have this kind of feeling for as many people as I have is very rare indeed. Seeing Suvarna and Janelle together made me keenly aware of how fortunate I was. Knowing how natural and comfortable Suvarna was with it made it even better. I would never have imagined when Anne asked me to help her know what love is that it would lead to where we were now but I was overjoyed that it had. 

I snuggled up behind Janelle and my cock pressed against her luscious young ass. She raised her upper leg and reached down to place my cock between her legs so it was lying against her pussy. She did this without missing a beat of what she and Suvarna were doing with each other. I wasn't the least bit surprised that her pussy was already wet from the kissing they had been engaged in. Nestled in the warm snug confines of her thighs my cock began to swell. I started kissing the back of her neck and rubbing my hands down her hip and leg. 

She felt my cock stiffen and began to gently move her hips to slide her moist slit along my shaft. A couple of minutes of this was all it took to get me rock hard. She raised her leg again and reached between her legs to direct the tip of my cock to the entrance of her vagina and pressed it in with her fingers. I moved my hips forward and about a third of my length slid inside her. A soft moan escaped her lips that were still pressed against Suvarna's mouth. 

The exquisite mixture of tightness, wetness and heat of her young pussy cannot be adequately described in words. It sent a thrill through me and I shuddered as the sensations of her warm body against mine overloaded my nervous system. My mouth was watering from the desire I felt for her. I was almost scared to start sliding my cock further into her and drawing it back once it reached its full length. Her ass was firm but soft, plush and nicely padded like Sandy's and feeling it pressed against my thighs was adding new dimensions of pleasure for me. 

"Suvarna I think Janelle's tits need to be sucked. Do you think you could do something about that?" 

She moved slowly down until her mouth was on one of her breasts and Janelle moaned again. "Ohhhh Yessss Suvarna suck me. Play with my nipples. Lick me with your warm wet tongue. Ohhhh, Ohhhh, Ohhhh just like that Suvarna, Ohhhhh mon Dieu you make me feel so good." 

Suvarna interspersed her oral attention to her breasts with talking to her. "Janelle your young tits are so sweet and creamy. Feel my lips kiss and tickle your nipple as my wet tongue gently licks your tender flesh. Ummmmhhhh you like this don't you? Push your smooth delicate breast into my mouth so I can get as much as I can inside me. Oh God Janelle your breasts are so wonderful. Soft and warm with perfect nipples that I could suck on for hours. How can skin and fat and tissue transform into such delightful delicacies?" 

I continued to kiss her neck and smell her hair as I finally began to fuck her. She pressed her head back against me and moaned. Her body softly trembled as the combined effects of what we were doing to her spread through her. Her pussy was dripping with her juices now. I moved as slowly as I could in order to prolong the fantastic sensations. I had to take rest stops to keep from cumming. 

During one of these little pauses I tried to figure out what it was about Janelle that made me so incredibly sexually attracted to her. She wasn't as classically beautiful as Suvarna, Mitra and Vitesha. She didn't have large breasts like Mitra. Her lips weren't as full and luscious as Suvarna's and Vitesha's. Her ass was pretty and beautifully shaped but not world class like Sandy's. She didn't even have the deeply rooted earthy sexiness of her mother. She did have beautiful blue eyes though. 

I finally decided that it was the fact that she was nineteen. Oh, and one more thing, she had the most perfect pussy on the planet. Hands down, no contest, her pussy is what should be in the dictionary as the definition of pussy. So why am I lying here thinking about it when I should be focusing on enjoying it? 

I returned to stroking her and was immediately experientially informed of why her pussy had such a powerful effect on me. It was the perfect environment for a penis. Perfect temperature. Perfect humidity. Perfect texture. Perfect fit. Perfect stimulation. And, it seemed, a direct communication link to my central nervous system. I made a mental note to spend the rest of the day doing the circulating the light meditation with her as soon as we returned from the waxing salon. The very thought of spending hours with my cock in her velvet pussy gave me Goosebumps. 

Suvarna told me to try to roll over on my back but keep my cock inside Janelle so she could lie on top of me. I put my arms around her and rolled us into position. 

"Now both of you spread your legs. Janelle push down and get Prem's cock as deep inside you as you can. That's good. Now both of you stay like that. I'm going to use my mouth on Janelle's pussy to make her cum." 

Janelle let out a sharp cry when she felt Suvarna's lips on her clit. Soon after we both felt her tongue licking us where we were joined. 

"Fuck Janelle your beautiful pink pussy lips look so damned sexy stretched around Prem's cock glistening with your juice. I would never have believed I could be this turned on by the sight of your swollen pink clitoris peeking out from under your hood. Oh God Janelle I just have to lick it." 

She cradled my balls in her hands and caressed them while she continued to lick and suck on us. Janelle began to move her hips slightly to slide my cock in and out of her. Suvarna told her to be still and let her do this. I don't think Janelle even knew she had done it. I moved my hands to her breasts so I could massage them and pinch her nipples while Suvarna concentrated on her clit. 

Janelle's breathing became rapid and shallow as she headed inexorably toward her climax. She was moaning and cooing with each breath. I moved one of my hands down to her stomach and rubbed her just above her mound, inches away from where my rock hard cock lay wrapped in her hot pink cocoon. My other hand continued to squeeze her breast and pinch her nipple. I kept as still as I could when we both felt her start to cum. 

I held her against me tightly to discourage her from moving. She drew in a deep breath then let out a long moaning sigh and surrendered to her climax. Suvarna held her legs down while I held her body to try and center the orgasm in her vagina. Her fabulous young pussy began to throb and pulsate around my cock as her cunt literally sucked on it. I couldn't believe how good this felt. Suvarna continued to suck on her clit to prolong the orgasm. It took a supreme effort to keep from cumming with her as my cock tried desperately to join with her pulsations and ejaculate. 

"Ohhhhhhh Suvarna the way you love me is so wonderful. The things you do to me are almost unbearable. I've never felt so much pleasure. I don't want to do anything except stay here and make love with you and Prem." 

"Well my sweet teenage dream you're in luck. We don't have to do anything today so you can stay in this bed and do exactly what you want with us. How would you feel about Prem fucking that adorable ass of yours?" 

"I've been thinking about that since you did it to him last night. Prem would you want to put your cock in my ass?" 

"Right after I get finished putting my tongue up your delectable ass Janelle. Has anybody ever spent time licking and sucking your asshole?" 

"You would do that for me Prem?" 

"For as long as you want. Suvarna might want to put her tongue in your spectacular pussy while I'm doing it. Then I'll put my cock in it. I'll give you and enema first then we'll let Suvarna get you prepared. By the time I start to put my cock in your pretty pink rosebud you'll be more than ready for it. We'll go slow and if you don't like it we'll stop." 

"Oooohhhh I can't wait. But what should I do with this hard cock that's still inside my pussy?" 

"I think you and Suvarna should take turns sucking it until one of you gets a mouthful of hot cream." 

Janelle rolled off me and got on her knees beside me. Suvarna stayed between my legs. 

"You can go first Janelle while I suck his balls." 

Janelle's mouth covered the head of my cock and began to lick it. Suvarna tenderly coaxed one of my testicles into her mouth and swirled her tongue around it. Janelle's hand wrapped around my shaft to stroke me. This was obviously not her first time giving head. Her saliva drooled out of her mouth and her hand spread it down my shaft to get it nice and slippery. She used a twisting motion as her hand moved up and down with increasing speed. Her mouth slid down to take more of my cock in her mouth. Suvarna had managed to get both my balls in her mouth and tugged on them with her lips closed around them. 

After almost blowing my load when I was in Janelle's pussy, I knew I wasn't going to last long with both of them working me over like this. Suvarna released my sac and told Janelle it was time to switch places. They hardly skipped a beat as one mouth replaced the other on both my cock and balls. It didn't take two minutes before I felt my orgasm start. Suvarna knew what the swelling of my cock meant and stopped sucking to hold the head in her mouth. Janelle continued to gently squeeze my balls with her lips. 

The pent up cum I wanted to expel earlier joined with the new batch they had worked up to spurt from my cock into Suvarna's hot mouth. Her hand jerked my shaft to milk it all out. When I finally stopped, Suvarna pulled her mouth away and leaned down to kiss Janelle and pass my cum to her. I watched excitedly as the young girl swallowed each squirt Suvarna gave her. 

"Your cum tastes good Prem. You'll let me have some more of it won't you?" 

"If you two left any in me you can have all you want. I might have to take a break to brew up some more." 

"Don't worry about that Prem. I figured there would be days like this so before we left the doctor's office the day of the extraction I asked Dr. Martin if she could give you a prescription for Viagra. She did better than that and gave me a bunch of sample packs that I just happened to bring with me. We'll keep you going all day long my love." 

"As if I needed another reason to love you. Thank you for being so thoughtful." 

"You're welcome but it wasn't as altruistic a gesture as you might think. I had an ulterior motive. Even if it was just us on this trip you'd need it." 

"What do you say to having some breakfast then come back up and have a bath before we continue the lovemaking? It'll give me time for one of those pills to start working." 

While having breakfast I got a chance to sit and talk with Suvarna without the others. 

"Prem what do you think about Janelle?" 

"I'm trying not to think about her. I feel like I'm in love for the first time. Her youthful energy is as stimulating and addictive as meth. I can't give you any reasons for it." 

"I thought so. And I don't blame you. I feel the same way about her, especially after what she did last night. I've never felt anybody be so concerned about me like she was. She really loves us. I cried as much for her as she did for me. I actually feel more compassion for her being sad about my death than I feel about me. I've tasted death and I'm not afraid of it but she's so young and I hate to see her sad about it." 

"In case you haven't noticed there are a lot of people that are genuinely sad about your condition. I happen to be one of them. Andre really surprised me. He's been through a lot and even he feels something really deep for you. So does Madeline. Does it bother you that we're fucking her children?" 

"No. No it doesn't. I almost feel like she might suspect something is going on but she trusts us enough to allow it. Sex is part of life. They will learn about it from somebody. At least they have Mitra to guide them while they're with us even if it's indirectly. They will benefit by being exposed to us because we mean them no harm and we love them. There are less pleasant ways to learn about sex. They respond to us and they're comfortable with us. That's a lot more than I got when I was learning about sex." 

"I agree. I wish there were a way to include Madeline in our life. She's so genuine and lovable and I get the feeling she's sacrificed a lot of her own happiness for Jean and Janelle. I know you feel it too. I saw that kiss and the way you looked at her. I also saw how she looked back at you. I actually had to stop myself from coming over and hugging her and asking her to stay with us and talk to us about what's going on in her life. I really feel she deserves a lot more than she's received." 

"I know what you mean. Maybe we should make an effort to sit and talk with her about her life and what we could do to make it better. I don't want to meddle but I do feel like she needs something. And we may be able to give it to her. Let's discuss this with Mitra. She's so intuitive about people. 

I think Madeline and the twins should get this incest thing out in the open. This is something that should be discussed because they've done nothing to be ashamed of. The kids have arrived at a very mature attitude about it. They know it for what it is and don't expect it to be anything more. They all need to acknowledge it and get comfortable with it. I'd hate to see this cause any of them to suffer because of it." 

"So you're OK with my having a crush on Janelle? I don't know why but she turns me on like crazy. I feel like I'm her age again when I'm with her." 

"How can I object when I love her as much as you do? Not to mention what a wild night I had with Jean. That kid fucked my ass like a porn star and practically sent me into orbit. Have as much fun as you want with them. Consider it one of those unexpected gifts the universe bestows on you for no reason, like winning the lottery. You and I both know that nothing will ever come between us. What we share is unique. You are the father of my child and the great love of my life no matter how long that turns out to be." 

"Oh my love, please don't ever forget that. Your happiness is the focus of my life and loving you is the best thing I have ever done. I know I promised to love you 'til you die but I won't stop then. I will love you until I die and even longer if that is possible." 

"Let's go find Janelle and go back upstairs and have a bath. Then we'll take her back to bed and have our way with her. Did you remember to take your pill?" 

"It was the first thing I put in my mouth when we got down here. I think I might already be feeling the effects. I'll verify that when I get you and our teenage dream in the bath." 

Suvarna asked Vitesha and Jean to deal with anybody that Monsieur Leboux might send around to do any work and told her we were going to spend the morning playing with Janelle. When we got back upstairs I gave them their enemas and then Janelle gave me mine while Suvarna got the bath ready. She deliberately let the water flow into me slowly by not opening the release completely so she could play with my balls while she was doing it. Suvarna heard her say she liked giving me the enema so she told her to do it twice. The second time she decided to stroke my cock, which had gotten hard from her playing with my balls. 

We did the bath differently this time. Each of us took a turn sitting in the center of the tub while the other two sat on the edge and washed the one in the tub. Suvarna was first to be bathed and Janelle and I took our time washing her. She began standing up and as we washed upwards she got on her knees then sat all the way down so we could shampoo her hair. Janelle noticed that her pubic hair had noticeably grown back so Suvarna asked her if there was a salon close by where we could go to be waxed. 

Janelle said she thought there was a place in Saint Loubes but she would check when we finished bathing. 

"Would you like to have your hair removed? You've got quite a little forest between those pretty legs." 

"Yes. I would, but how much does it cost?" 

"It won't cost you anything. While you are with us, you need not be concerned about money. Do you think Jean would like to do it too?" 

"He won't want to be the only one who doesn't. I'll tell him we will make fun of him if he refuses." 

"Well you can be in charge of finding a salon and calling them to make appointments for six people. It's about time we all had another treatment." 

We finished bathing Suvarna and then started on Janelle. My cock had been hard since the enemas and rubbing my hands all over two beautiful females had not done anything to change its status. Janelle really liked being bathed by us. We both took our time when we washed her fabulous pussy and made her turn around so we could wash her ass. Each of us slipped a soapy finger in her asshole and sawed it back and forth to give her a preview of what was going to happen to her later. She put her hands on her cheeks to spread them for us when we did it and made cooing sounds while it was happening. 
