 I vigilantly carry the shots back to our booth and the guys cheer my return. I lick my hand and sprinkle salt on my skin.

"Let's do this the right way, folks," I say. "Don't be stingy with the shaker."

Adam, Matias, Jovan, and Nick dutifully salt their fists. We toast. I gulp the harsh liquor down, grimace, and suck a lime wedge until the juice is gone. I light a cigarette and exhale toward the ceiling.

"Man!" Matias chugs his lager. "I fucking hate tequila."

Jovan slugs him on the shoulder.

"That's cause you're a bitch."

"Yeah, yeah. You're a big, macho man. We get it." I blow a smoke ring and watch it float away. "So do you guys come to the same beach every year, or do you do different places on the shore?"

"Same beach, same motel," Adam says. "It's tradition."

"That's really nice."

"You know what else is an opening day tradition?" Nick takes a blunt from his pocket and looks at me. "Do you partake?"

"Hell yes! Where are we doing this?"

"We've got a spot," Jovan says. "But let's get another round before we go."

"Bacardi?" I flash a dazzling smile. "We're at the beach!"

"Bacardi it is."

Jovan departs for the bar. I turn back to the rest of the group.

"Thanks for the drinks, by the way."

"Any time," Matias says. He drapes his arm over the back of the booth. "How long are you in Wildwood for?"

"Just the weekend. I came with a girlfriend but she's doing family stuff tonight."

"Her loss, our gain," he says.

"Is your friend hot, too?" Nick asks.

"She's even hotter than me."

"Not possible," Adam says.

"You should invite her over," Matias says.

"When I have four dashing men all to myself? No way!"

Matias slides so close that we're touching. The air between us is electric.

"You're a greedy girl, aren't you?"

"Hey, take your glasses, I'm about to drop this shit." Jovan passes me a shot and scoots in. "To rum!"

We clink.

"To rum!"

We pay the tab and exit onto the boardwalk. The midway is packed with tourists. Adam falls back and walks in step with me. I snatch his baseball cap and put it on my head.

"It looks better on you," he says.

"Flattery will get everywhere."

"Oh yeah? Everywhere?"

"Well, some rides require a ticket. That's where they get you."

"Seems worth it to me."

We descend the steep wooden staircase and duck under the boardwalk. I kick off my sandals and carry them in my hand. The sand is cool between my toes. It's dark, but I can see the people above us through the thin wooden planks. 

Nick lights the blunt and takes a couple hits. The tide laps gently against the shore.

"Ladies first, you animal," Matias says. "Give it to Angie."

"Sorry, sorry. In my defense, I'm really drunk." Nick passes me the blunt. "M'lady."

"Ew, gross." I inhale deeply and close my eyes. "Mmm. I needed that. Thank you."

I pass to Jovan. Our fingers gently touch.

"Okay, so now that we know each better, we need you to settle a bet," Jovan says. "What kind of underwear do you have on? It's for science."

I laugh.

"What? Why do you need to know that?"

"It's a game we play," Adam says. "You can leave us wondering. That's sexier anyway."

"You dirty dogs." I pause and look around the circle for dramatic effect. "I'm not wearing anything. I like a light breeze in the summer."

"Bullshit," Jovan says. "Prove it."

"Ooh. You'd like that, wouldn't you?"

"I'm just an honest citizen doing his duty. And if that means seeing your naked pussy, so be it."

"Uh huh. Go ahead, pussy patrol. Check."

Jovan lightly places his hand above my knee. I shiver. He stares deep into my eyes as he slowly moves up. I'm already wet when his fingers crawl inside me. He moves in and out and in and out. My breathing gets shallow. I tip my head back and Adam's hat falls into the sand.

Jovan kisses me sensitively and I moan softly into his lips. He takes his fingers out and sucks them. He gropes my breasts and slides his hands over my bare ass.

Nick comes over and tries to lift my sundress over my head. I slap his hands away.

"Oh my God, not here! There are kids up there!"

"Our place is on the boardwalk," Matias says. "It's like a ten-minute walk."

"What are we waiting for?"

Matias and Jovan both sling their arms around my shoulders as we walk to the motel. Matias casually lets his fingertips brush my nipple until it's hard. Jovan whispers secret, filthy things in my ear. I'm aroused by his hot breath on my skin.

We go up to the second floor and enter the small, stuffy room. There are two double beds, and you can see all the action from the doorway.

"You guys are sharing the sheets, huh? It's like you're in a cult."

Matias slips off my dress and reveals all of me. He runs his finger down the center of my body. I tremble under his touch.

"That's not all we share."

Matias kisses me and slips his tongue around mine. Nick pins my arms behind my back, and I rub my cheek against his face. Matias and Jovan explore my body with their hands and mouths. I twist and whimper and moan.

Adam opens a beer, turns on some music, and sits of the edge of the bed. Jovan finger-fucks my pussy and asshole, and Matias sucks and bites my nipples. Nick sloppily kisses the side of my face. Adam takes out his thick cock and jerks himself. I don't know who to pay attention to. 

Jovan pushes me to my knees and shoves his dick in my mouth. I bob up and down eagerly and cradle his balls in the palm of my hand. I hear the rest of the guys take their clothes off. Jovan rests his hand on the back of my head.

"Yeah girl, do it. Suck that cock. Take it."

Nick and Matias stroke themselves and rub their cocks on me. I take each of them in my hands and jack them off while I go down on Jovan. My muscles burn. My knees ache.

"Oh my God, Angie," Adam pants from the bed. "You're a fucking goddess. Don't stop."

Jovan inches himself down my throat and cums in my mouth. I swallow it all. I wipe my face and move on to Nick. Matias licks my pussy from behind while I suck Nick off. Jovan gently pulls my hair back and pushes me down on Nick's cock. 

I pull back and massage my stiff jaw. Matias throws me on the bed. Adam gets on top and kisses me passionately. I pull him close and cross my ankles over his ass. He kisses my breasts and touches my ribs.

Adam squeezes my breasts together and runs his cock between them. He tweaks my nipples with his thumbs and fucks my cleavage. I moan and writhe and grip his thighs. Matias licks my pussy until I'm wet and slides in. Nick kneels next to me and I take him into my mouth. Jovan spits in my hand, and I work his shaft until he's hard. We move like a finely tuned machine. 

Matias strokes my clitoris and fucks me until I cum. They all pull out and masturbate onto my tits and waiting mouth. I smear their semen all over me and Jovan takes me down for a quick hard fuck. My hair is matted at the back of my head.

I clean myself up and open the curtains. The boardwalk is still bustling with activity. A man with long wavy hair stops his bicycle in front of our room. He stares up at me longingly. I touch my breasts and subtly part my lips. Even from this distance, I can see the shape of his erection through the spandex.

"Ready for more?"

Adam kisses my neck and grasps my hips. I put my palms against the glass. He fucks me hard, and I lock eyes with the bicyclist and cry out as I climax.

*

Originally published in "Stories To Bang By, Vol. 28: Wildwood"