 Sometimes in the summer, when the sun would melt the asphalt and the wilt the church's immaculate green lawn, my friends and I would jump on our bikes and ride down to Willow Falls. It's three miles from town, through two trailer parks, past the dollar store, and over a highway. If you're still alive after playing Frogger on Rt. 22, you have two options. Either you ditch your bike and continue on foot, which can take the bulk of an hour, or you attempt to ride through the forest. The usual group was myself, Julia, Schuyler, Milo, and Maggie, though sometimes my older brother Harry would tag along, pretending to play chaperone for us. As adults only by technicality the supervision was not always ill-advised. 

If you're on a bike, Willow Falls is about twenty minutes northwest, a hop skip and a trek through some of the state's most impenetrable old growth forest. At the entrance to the Falls we would dump our wheels in the area under an old tree with massive, arching roots and enough space to fit two or three people comfortably. That tree is something special. It's where I first discovered pot, where I learned how to kiss and do other things, where I made a blood oath with my brother to always be at his side. We call it Home Tree. 

We first discovered Willow Falls following a deer path all the way from the edge of town; when we found the deer's destination it had nearly killed us. The path drops suddenly away to a treacherous gravel slope, which is the only way to access the falls. The first time we were here I had tumbled ass over teakettle down the slide, eventually landing on face first in the dirt at the bottom. Since then we've tried to be more careful, with mixed results. 

God, if the dangers aren't worth it though. Willow Falls is the leftover landscape from a million years of glacial carving followed shortly by twenty or so years of explosive salt mining. In effect, what was created is a massive bowl filled with the most crystal blue water you've been blessed to see, fed by a thin, wide waterfall that forms the curtain to a large and open cavern. The area is mostly untouched during the summer months, save for the occasional pro hiker or enterprising teenage party host. What's truly miraculous about the Falls is that the aforementioned treacherous path really is the only way to get to there. The water in the bowl runs off through a thicket into a deep swamp, which is eventually sifted off into several tributaries that lead to the closest lake. After the Great Depression took the miners permanently out of town they left pieces of their infrastructure, most notably a few crumbling cement structures that sit on the edge of the bowl, at the base of the ragged cliffs that surround the place. 

We clambered down the gravel cliff, stripping our shirts and shorts off in anticipation of the sweet, cool water. I went first, as usual the guinea pig for my friends. I barely had the time to pull my jeans from my ass before I hit the water. It felt like rebirth, the sweat wicking away from my skin, the cool pressure on my face and shoulders and eyelids. I lingered for a moment, then heard a huge splash from beside me. Enter weirdos, stage left. 

"Last one in spots the weed!" Milo shouted as he threw his right shoe to the shore and tumbled into the water. Julia laughed and dove in after him. Schuyler was already floating next to me, leaving Maggie standing on the bank, fully unclothed, flipping the bird at Milo 

"I'll give you a discount, okay?" he said. Maggie shook her head wordlessly, but smiled, held her nose and jumped into the drink. 

I couldn't help but watch the girls as they floated around the water. Their nipples were stiff from the cold, and every so often I would catch a flash of pink or brown as they twisted and somersaulted, playing little games with each other and giggling. 

"Hey Andy, see something you like?" said Julie teasingly. I snapped to attention, and realized I had been staring wordlessly at her large, buoyant breasts, framed like artwork by her long blonde hair. She was grinning from ear to ear. 

"I see two somethings actually. Go fuck yourself Jules." 

She laughed and splashed at my face, then jumped on my back and tackled me. The feeling of her breasts pressed against my back was not lost in the water. 

We passed the afternoon laughing, playing Maggie's guitar, swimming, and taking little sips from the flask I had brought. When the sun got lower Milo suggested we retreat to the cave. There was unanimous approval. 

"You know, Sky, you're really really hot," Julia said. We were sitting on the rough floor of the cave, drying out in the heat of our fire. Milo had brought an airtight bag of kindling and a lighter, and there was a pile of wood leaning against the side of the cavern, which we had painstakingly gathered from the woods and swum over to the cave a few weeks ago. 

Schuyler blushed in the firelight. Or maybe it was the red dusk on her face. 

"No, but seriously, I am loving the Amazon look you've been doing lately. And definitely loving that." Julia wagged a finger at Schuyler's small patch of black pubic hair. It was artfully shaved into a downward facing arrow. Schuyler giggled and looked down. She shifted her hips so that we could all see the arrow more clearly. I had noticed it earlier in the day, but I could tell that Schuyler was feeling self-conscious about it and so I hadn't brought it up. Julia apparently lacked that particular tact. 

"I used my new razor for it. You really like it?" She poked around the hair, running her fingers through the curls. Everyone murmured their approval. 

"Was it hard to do though?" Maggie asked. She had a full bush, which complimented her petite frame surprisingly well. It looked like a section of her curly, shoulder length locks had relocated themselves South just for a while. 

"Well, I mean, you know my hair," Schuyler said, running her fingers through her dark wet curls. The afro which she usually tied back or pushed away with a headband was laying limp around her shoulders. "If it's possible for me, it's possible for anyone." 

"I'm not so sure how good of an indicator scalp follicles are of pube ones," said Milo. His hair was a light brown, honey blond in the sun, but his eyebrows and body hair were darker than even mine. 

Julia shrugged. "I like it that, you know, we have all types of pubes represented." She gestured meaningfully down at her cleanly waxed pussy. 

"Every creed and color," I said. 

We settled into a comfortable silence and watched the fire burn low. The sky beyond the veil of water at the cavern's mouth was turning quickly purple, abandoning orange as the sun sunk below the horizon in some unseen place. 

After some time, Milo broke the quiet. "I'll grab us más wood." He stood, and walked over to the pile. The fire was slowly collapsing within its ring of stones. 

"This is nice, guys. Just this," Maggie said. I smiled. Schuyler bobbed her head in agreement. 

"Do you have more of the Jack?" Julia asked me. 

I glanced around for my flask. "Oh. Wait. I left it on the shore with our stuff. I could go get it." 

"Or I can do you one better, bud," said Milo. He held a bundle of branches under one arm, and in the other he was brandishing a small baggie. I squinted through the dim light and saw the contents: one lighter, a packet of all natural rolling papers, and enough pot to hotbox the entire cave. "Maggie offered to buy, right?" 

Maggie groaned. "Dude. I'm not going to buy weed off of you just for you to smoke half of it right now." 

"Chill. This is for you. This," he reached into the branches and pulled out another smaller bag. "Is for right now. No charge." 

"Oh. Cool. So how much for that one?" Maggie asked and gestured towards the larger stash. 

"Forty five. This is a fucking great strain, and definitely over an eighth of it. I didn't really measure." He laughed. "You've been trying to smoke with your brother for a few weeks right? Well here. Forty five." 

Maggie twisted up her face, then snatched the bag. "I'll pay you when we get back.This better be worth sacrificing an entire day's paycheck." 

"Find out, dude." Milo handed her the smaller bag, and she opened it up. A distinctive odor punched through the damp, smoky smell of the cave. As Milo tended to the fire she ground some of the weed between her fingers and deposited it on one of the papers. After a few tries at rolling on the uneven ground, we had a thick, good-looking blunt. 

"Hand me the lighter, Sky?" said Maggie. 

"Wait wait hold up," Milo said. He took the blunt, and held it close to the flames of the fire. It smoldered, then lit, and he quickly brought it to his mouth and inhaled. He held the smoke in for a long few seconds, then with an exaggerated sound blew it out through his nostrils. "Inaugural hit. Enjoy, everyone." He passed the blunt back to Maggie, who pursed her lips and took a delicate little inhale. The rose embers of the weed matched her tiny pink nipples very closely. They were hard in the cooling air. 

We rolled another blunt after the first one went to ashes, and by that time it joined its brother on the cave floor we were all very happily stoned. There was smoke of all kinds collecting on the cave ceiling, filtering out through the waterfall and escaping into the open night. 

By my best guess it was about ten at night. Plenty of time for a little more fun. 

"So, obviously we're gonna play truth or dare, right?" said Julia. Right on cue. 

Milo moaned. "I don't need games to get my rocks off." 

"Not what Kendra Goldie says," Julia muttered under her breath. 

Milo gave her a look. "Alright, fine. Jules, fucking truth or fucking dare?" 

"Fucking truth," she said. 

"What other kind?," I whispered. Schuyler giggled. 

"How many girls have you fucked?" he asked. 

"Like...oral or fingering?" 

"How many girls have you been inside or have been inside you." 

"Uhm," Julia took a moment in thought. "Three. And a half. If you're counting this college chick who would have gotten it in if she stayed awake for thirty more seconds. She was up inside my panties, and about to slip it in when I guess vodka or whatever hit her and she passed the fuck out. She was so hot though. Her tits were like-" she pushed her breasts up to illustrate her point, "huge and perky and so sensitive. Almost as big as mine." 

"Word. That's cool," Milo said. Milo's dick agreed. 

"Andrew. Truth or dare?" Julia turned to me. 

"Dare," I said. 

"I dare you to stick your dick in the fire," she said, without a moment of hesitation. 

I looked at her blankly for a second. "What? No. I mean, no. No." 

Maggie burst out laughing. "It's the rules, A! You gotta," she said. 

I looked around for help. Milo had trapped his lips between his teeth to keep from laughing. Schuyler had a look of vague disbelief. 

"Just wave it through. Ten points if you singe your pubes." Julia said. 

I looked around again, and deduced that I would be getting no help from anyone. I stood up. "Sometimes I hate all of you," I said. Without letting myself spend too long thinking about it I straddled the fire, and quickly dipped my hanging junk in and out of the licking flame. "FUHHCK!" I shouted, and jumped three feet into the air. In truth it didn't even hurt much, but I'd be damned if I wasn't going to make them feel as guilty as possible. Of course they all ended up in breathless stitches but I believe I got my point across. 

"You're the dumbest person alive," Maggie gasped from the ground. 

"Seriously, that was incredible," Schuyler said. Once it was clear that I wasn't hurt she let herself break into a full grin. 

"Okay. Fuck you," I pointed at Julia. "But I'll get you back later. Sky, truth or dare?" 

She pondered for a moment. "I'll take one dare, please." 

I raised an eyebrow. I had been planning on asking her if she had ever had a sex dream about anyone in the group. Now I was on the spot. 

"Okay, uh..." I froze. I couldn't give a dare like Julia's, especially after calling her out for it. I glanced at Schuyler. Her skin was amber in the firelight. 

"Masturbate," my mouth said. My brain stayed silent. 

Nobody uttered a sound, until the heavy silence began to drag and Schuyler let out a little laugh. 

"Alright. Fuck it. Right here?" she asked. 

I was stunned. I nodded. 

"Alright." She closed her eyes and leaned back against the rock wall. She adjusted her towel under her, and brought her hand down between her crossed legs. My brain wasn't registering what I was seeing. At first she moved slowly up and down the length of her slit, with one finger, then two. She would occasionally pause at the top and draw little circles around her clit before diving back down, pressing deeper and deeper into her folds. We sat transfixed and watched. With her other hand she reached up to her brown nipple and began fondling it between her fingers. After almost a minute of this she let out a small gasp, and her pace noticeably increased. 

"Spread your legs," I heard Maggie murmur. I glanced at her. She was clenching her forearm in her opposite hand, watching unblinkingly. 

Schuyler's eyes flitted open and she gave a small smile, then she lifted herself forward and spread her legs wide. Her pussy was nearly dripping, her wetness bright in the firelight. Her lips were smooth and black, her inner pink folds poking between them. On top of it all was that arrow, sitting on her mound like a crown. No longer did it look like a novelty; now it was a deep and lusty signal of her horniness, an invitation for our eyes. She brought her fingers back down, and this time with both hands she explored her own silky depths. After several long minutes her breathing became heavier and more ragged. Her fingers were no longer sliding lazily up and down her pussy but working furiously at her clit and thrusting into her depths. She moaned with increasing fervor, like a cat, like a whirlwind, like there was nobody else in the cave or in the world. And then her fingers became still and she gasped soundlessly and her entire body tensed as if struck by lighting. She stayed like this, breasts thrust towards the sky, pussy framed perfectly by her glistening wet fingers, for the space of two deep breaths. Then she let out the longest, most intense moan I had heard in my life, more a victory cry than a sound of sex. She convulsed for a few moments as the sound emptied her, and collapsed to the ground. She lay on her soaked towel, breathing heavily. 

Everything was in silence. It no longer smelled like water, or smoke, or weed, but like pure and primal sex. And then from behind me, in the world I had forgotten, someone began to clap. The sharp sound pulled me back from the vision of Schuyler, and I saw that it was Milo, shaking his head and clapping his hands in earnest. Maggie pulled a hand from between her thighs and joined in. Julia and I soon followed, and the atmosphere relaxed. Schuyler looked suddenly self conscious and grinned downwards at herself. 

"Yeah, that's like the definition of a shitty act to try and follow," Milo said. 

Schuyler looked up at him, and her eyes flashed. "Truth or dare, Milo?" 

His eyes widened and he looked around at us. I felt my face spread into a wolfish smile. 

"Wow. Okay, truth. Or dare. You fuckin decide," he said. 

Schuyler gazed lazily at Milo. I noticed her eyes wandering down to graze his tumescent cock, mentally caressing his stomach, chest and shoulders on her way back up. "What is your deepest insecurity?" she asked. 

He scoffed. "Give me a dare. I don't want a melodrama question." 

Schuyler's mouth twisted in disappointment. "Fine. I dare you to try and suck your own dick." 

And try he did. With his best contortionism and our incessant goading he even managed to get his tongue over the tip of it. 

"There. Now I can go ahead and not ever do that again," he said, massaging his lower back. "Maggie, T or D?" 

"Truth," she said. 

"Uh huh. What's your most embarrassing sexual experience?" he asked. 

"Ooh, now I'm interested," Julia interjected. Sometime during the autofellatio she had swum to the shore and grabbed the flask, and had been nursing it steadily. 

Maggie considered for a second. "Last year, about a week or two before moving here, I was, you know...going at it at home. With the showerhead. And my dad came barging into the bathroom. You guys know him and his boundaries, so this wasn't super unusual but him doing it when he did it made it kind of a bigger deal. He started shouting that I had a doctor's appointment right then and that I needed to get dressed and go. It was annoying and everything but yeah, I get out of the shower and went. 

"Basically it was a routine check up, and it got to the part where the doctor asked my dad to leave and then she made me tell her about my sexual activity and drinking and all that. So you know, I tell her the truth, that I'm a virgin, that I drink and smoke. And she asks me to drop my pants and underwear, so I do, and she pokes around there for a hot second. Then she tells me, get this: I have a fucking yeast infection. She asks if I'm a frequent masturbator, and I round the number down a little bit but give her the basic situation. And she says that it was probably caused by masturbating with a foreign object, and that she needs to determine the extent of the infection. 

"There I am, legs wide open on this doctor's table, and she's poking around in my pussy. And fuck me, guess what I begin thinking about then and there: my interrupted jerk off sesh from 20 minutes earlier. And without consent from my brain, I start getting seriously wet. This doctor, she was not an unattractive person either, and from my angle I could kinda see down the cleavage of her shirt, so there was that factor not helping at all. While she's talking about how it's not a very serious infection, and how I need to pay care to my vaginal health even when I'm not fucking anyone, I'm getting close to one of the most intense cums of my life. I swear to God you guys, it took beastly willpower not to start moaning and groaning right there. 

"After what felt like forever, she pulls her fingers away. And then I do one of the craziest things of my life. I reach down, and as she's pulling her gloves off and writing something on my chart, I shove three fingers into my pussy and bring myself to a...just an earth-shattering orgasm. It was unreal. I moaned super loudly, and I know she knew, but she didn't turn to look at me, thank God. Afterwards neither of us acknowledged it, but she refused to meet my eyes for the rest of the appointment. So yeah. That happened." 

Julia whistled. "That's so hot. I thought you had had sex with James?" 

Maggie sat back. "Nah...he wanted to. The time wasn't right." 

"It's, you know, good that you can know that," I said stupidly. It was risky to draw any attention to myself, a quick glance down would reveal that Maggie's story combined with Schuyler's show were having very predictable effects on my manhood. 

Maggie nodded. "I know myself. But anyways. It's my turn. Julia, truth or dare?" 

"Dare, bitch! Dare me!" Julia squealed as some of the liquor spilled out of the flask. 

"Dare: give Milo a lapdance. I'm interested in how far we can push him before he just explodes." 

Milo smiled wide. "I have no problem with this experiment." 

I swallowed, but grinned along with everyone else. Maggie's descriptions had thrown me into sexual overdrive. 

Julia stood, with way more sway in her hips than was necessary, and sauntered over towards Milo. Every step she took was pure sex, the fire encircling her generous soft curves, her wettening pussy rubbing the inside of her thigh with every footfall. The hair on her head glowed gold, and curved around the underside of her breast, partially obscuring her nipples. She was an aphrodisiac just by moving-until her foot caught on a stray piece of wood, and she tumbled gracelessly to the floor. 
