 Authors Note: This is another FICTIONAL story. All characters in the story are FICTIONALwith the exception of my wife and I. All of the actions and conversations in this story are FICTIONAL.

*****

My trial was over. I had pleaded guilty to being a black cock sucking cum drinking slut whore of the highest order. I had objected to being called a whore and pled not guilty. During the court adjournment for lunch I had been forced into stripping and having sex with six black guys. I must admit that they didn't need much force to convince me and I did enjoy the occasion. I didn't realize that the session was being filmed and then the film had been doctored to make it appear that I sold my pussy for forty six dollars and thirty five cents.

The white judge that convicted me had made his way down into the holding cell and lifted his black robe to reveal that he was naked from the waist down. I had been naked since the court re-commenced after lunch.

"Blow me." He ordered.

I complied without hesitation.

After he had shot his load into my mouth he played with one of my breasts for a moment and then turned away and walked towards the door.

"Let them in." I heard him say.

He left the room and the "lawyers" and just about everyone from the court's public gallery filed in. Every single one of them was black.

I knew what was about to happen and I shivered in anticipation. I was nervous but determined to concentrate fully on satisfying every single black cock in the room. I was also well aware that there was recording equipment in the room and I wanted to make sure that, if they were still recording, I gave them value for money.

I walked casually over to the table in the holding cell and climbed up on it. Lying down on my back I let my legs fall open so that my pussy was on display. It wasn't long before I felt a hand between my legs and soon after several more pawing at my boobs. I was indeed guilty as charged.

The fucking started and before long I was wailing like a banshee as cock after cock penetrated me. I began to wonder if Darby had used only one criterion to select the guys as the cocks seemed to be getting bigger and bigger. My back started to get a little sore and so I called a temporary halt while I got on my hands and knees. This gave me the opportunity to get through the guys twice as quick with one in my pussy and one in my mouth.

After a while several of the guys decided to use my ass instead of my pussy and, although it was painful at first, I soon got used to it. It was a different sensation and led to several wonderful orgasms. 

The pace started to slacken and I was grateful for the rest. My ass and pussy were dripping cum and my face was covered in it. When the last guy had finished with me I sat up and asked for a towel. The female black court guard brought me one and told me that there was a price to pay for it. I wiped the cum off of my face and asked her what she meant. Her response was simply to start unbuckling her belt. I dropped the towel and got onto my knees. Pushing her hands away from her belt I took over and eased her pants down. She was wearing a beautiful pair of royal blue silk panties which I took great delight in pulling down over her ass. She sat on the bench and let her legs part and I wasted no time in tasting her hairy pussy.

As I licked and sucked her pussy I was vaguely aware that the guys were getting dressed and leaving. Soon the only sounds in the room were my grunting and her gasping and sighing. I felt her start to tremble and buck and I made sure that my tongue was firmly on her clitoris. She orgasmed and I licked her gently until she got her breath back. She pushed my head away and stood up to get dressed.

I had nothing to wear, indeed I had no idea where my clothes were. The guard put the handcuffs back on me and pushed me roughly towards the door. We walked down a long corridor and finally came to a steel door. She pressed a button and the door was opened from the outside. She pushed me though the doorway and I found myself stood on a loading dock as a van backed up in front of me.

"Innocent or guilty." The outside guard asked.

"Guilty as hell." The female guard replied.

"In that case she won't mind this." 

The male guard who opened the door stood in front of me and started to flick my nipples with his fingers. He soon tired of that and went to town with his fingers on my pussy.

The van doors opened and a ramp clattered down. The guard removed his fingers from my vagina and I was pushed into the van. I sat on the cold steel bench and my legs were shackled to some iron rings that protruded from the floor. Naturally the guard missed a couple of rings and my legs were secured wide apart. The guard sat on the bench directly opposite me and I watched his eyes roam from my tits to my pussy and back again. 

The van door was slammed shut and a single light came on.

"We have about a half hour journey ahead of us. I could do whatever I want to you." He had an evil look on his face.

I was not going to be intimidated by him.

"Then why don't you?" I challenged.

Before I knew what was happening he had unlocked one of my shackles and spun me around. He re-shackled my foot and bent me over. A few seconds later I felt the head of his cock pushing against my pussy lips. I was determined not to be afraid and pushed my pussy hard onto his cock. He gasped as I tightened my pussy muscles and pushed my ass into his groin.

He certainly had not expected me to do that and, apart from the fact that I was securely shackled, I felt that I was fully in control. He orgasmed extremely quickly and sat down. I looked over my shoulder and noticed his limp white dick and sweat dripping off of his face. He quickly pulled up his pants and looked somewhat embarrassed. 

After a few minutes I said "You ready to go again?" 

He obviously wasn't and took out his inadequacy with a very sharp slap across my ass. I flinched but I was determined not to feel intimidated.

"Oooh, I like that." I cooed.

He responded with another slap and then another and another. My cheeks felt like they were glowing red and I was on the verge of yelling "Stop" when I felt the van slow down and bump over a storm grate. Then the van stopped. I was sure that this would not be the last time in the coming week that I would feel pain.

The van door flew open and my leg shackles were taken off.

"Did she get a little boisterous?" I heard a voice say.

The voice belonged to Darby.

"She was a bit lippy." The guard replied.

I was helped down from the van and Darby led me towards the elevator. As we got in the elevator Darby slapped my ass even harder than the guard had.

"Ow! What was that for?" I yelped.

"Because I own you and I can." He replied. "You can expect more of that over the next week."

"Bring it on." My bravado responded and I instantly regretted it.

He didn't slap me again and not a word was shared on the way up to the penthouse. When we got out of the elevator he took the handcuffs off of me and led me into his bedroom. His butler was on his way out of the room and Darby stopped him and said "Is it ready?"

"Yes, just as you ordered." The butler replied.

The butler had a good look at my naked body as he left and then Darby led me to the bathroom. Just like the very first time I spent a night with Darby there were candles lit and a bath full of steamy water.

"In you get." He ordered.

I held out my hand and he helped me into the bath. The water temperature was perfect and the aroma was intoxicating. I leaned back and let the water cover my body. I closed my eyes and took a deep breath. When I opened my eyes I saw Darby coming into the bathroom carrying two glasses of wine. He was shirtless and still looked magnificent even though he was in his sixties.

I took a sip of wine and handed my glass to him. As I closed my eyes I felt his hand on my stomach. He had a soft cloth in his hand and he began to soap my body. He slowly worked his hand up to my breasts and gently massaged them. My nipples hardened against his hand. I knew that he would soon work his hand down my body and between my legs and so I slowly parted my legs in anticipation. 

When I felt his hand on my pussy I sighed and pushed back against his hand.

"Not yet." He chided.

He finished my pussy and legs and then told me to lean forwards while he washed my back. After a few minutes he stepped away and picked up a towel. I stood up and held out one hand. He helped me out of the bath and started to gently towel me off. When he was satisfied that I was dry enough he led me into his bedroom and helped me up onto the huge bed.

I watched him strip off his pants and boxers and was again amazed at how good he looked. He got into bed beside me and took me into his arms. I could already feel his erection growing.

"Did you have a good day?" he asked.

"It was interesting." I replied.

We cuddled for a while and then he turned onto his back and said "Come to me now."

His cock stood straight up and I knew that I was to straddle him. I did so happily. I took my time with him and got him close to orgasm several times before I backed off a bit. Finally I didn't back off and felt his cock engorge and release. When he finished I lifted myself off of him and got up to get a towel. When I had cleaned our combined juices off of his cock and balls I got back into bed and we cuddled again for a while. 

It had been a long day and I soon fell asleep.

At some point during the night he woke me up and took me very roughly from behind. It was thoroughly enjoyable and again I was amazed by his readiness and stamina. We fell back to sleep and although it was several hours it seemed like only minutes before I heard an alarm clock. I sat up and looked at the clock on the bedside table next to Darby. I leaned over and turned the alarm off. The time was seven a.m. 

I shook Darby awake and said "I think it's time to get up."

He got up and went into the bathroom. I heard the shower start and about fifteen minutes later he re-appeared washed and neatly dressed.

"You have two minutes in the bathroom. Go." He ordered. 

I went to the bathroom and had a pee, washed my hands and face and cleaned my teeth.

"Come." He yelled.

I hustled out of the bathroom just as he was leaving the room. I almost had to jog to keep up with him as he headed to the dining room. Breakfast was already on the table and he said "Eat. You're gonna need it." 

I didn't need another invitation. I hadn't eaten for quite some time and I ate greedily. 

He waited until I had finished and then stood up and barked "Follow me."

Again I struggled to keep up as we headed for the elevator. It was only when the elevator doors opened in the underground parking garage that I became conscious of my nudity.

We got into the smaller of the two limousines and it headed out towards the highway. We were heading out to the west end of the city and I wondered what our destination was.

We drove for almost an hour before we pulled into the parking lot of a factory. It was a modern building in an industrial business park. There was a narrow strip of grass between the parking lot and the road and I was surprised at how many vehicles there were on the road.

"Come on. Let's go in." Darby ordered.

"Wait, I have no clothes on." I protested.

"I'm fully aware of that. Get out of the car." He sounded like he was losing patience.

I got out of the car and crossed my arms over my boobs.

"Put your hands behind your back." He demanded.

I reluctantly did so and he grabbed my arm and we started up the steps towards a door. I heard a truck horn sounding as we reached the top step and I cringed. I was naked in the street and pretty obviously someone had noticed.

Darby opened the door and ushered me inside. In front of me was a reception desk behind which a middle-aged black woman sat. She was on the phone and I heard her say "Yes sir, the order was filled last night and they will be shipped today."

She hung up the phone and looked up at us.

"Good morning sir. Beautiful day isn't it?" She addressed Darby.

"Yes Marsha, it certainly is." Darby replied. "Can you assemble all staff in the cafeteria in ten minutes?"

"Of course." She replied. 

Darby started to lead me away down a carpeted corridor and I heard the intercom crackle and then Marsha's voice. "All staff to the cafeteria immediately. All staff to the cafeteria immediately."

Darby reached into his pants pocket and fished out a key. He unlocked a door and pushed it open.

"In you go." He gave me a gentle push and I found myself in a very well appointed comfortable office.

"Stand here." He ordered as he led me to the middle of the room. "Hands behind your back."

I did as I was told and felt very self conscious as his eyes roamed over my body.

"Is this your company?" I asked.

"One of them." He replied.

"What do you make here?"

"Packaging. Cardboard boxes and plastic containers." He replied.

"What are the cardboard boxes used for?" I asked.

"Mostly for business. They use them to put their old records in before they send them off to storage." He answered.

"And the plastic?"

"Mostly for commercial movers. You'd be surprised how many large and medium sized companies change premises in a year."

"How many people work here?" I asked.

"Forty two on the night shift and fifty six on days. Shifts will be changing soon. You'll get to see most of them. You're working here today." He smiled.

He leaned forward and pressed a button. "Marsha. Everyone in the cafeteria?"

"I'll just go and check sir." She replied.

A few moments later the phone rang. It must have been Marsha because I heard Darby say "Ok, thanks. We'll be there soon."

"What am I supposed to be doing here today?" I asked.

"You'll do what you are told to do." He replied as a matter of fact.

He led me out of his office and locked the door. We turned down another carpeted hallway and I saw some double doors ahead of me. Above the doors was a sign that read 'Cafeteria'.

All of a sudden I felt the thrill of my nudity although for once I felt uncomfortably vulnerable. Darby pushed the doors open and the room fell silent. All of the chairs were occupied and there were guys sitting on the tables too. More guys were leaning against the walls. I looked at some of the tables in right in front of me and noticed that three of them were occupied by women.

"Good morning everyone." Yelled Darby.

"Good morning." Came the mass response.

Darby led me up a couple of steps onto a small raised platform. I brought my hands in front of me to cover my pussy.

"We have a new employee for the day." Darby addressed the crowd. "She is here to learn how we do business."

"She'll be spending some time in each department so you'll all get to know her quite well."

The majority of the people in front of me were black but there were also a few whites, Indians and what I guessed were South Americans.

"Put your hands behind your back." Darby whispered to me.

As I did so I noticed all eyes staring firmly at my pussy. My nipples were already erect and now I started to feel dampness between my legs.

"As you all know, we hold a banquet for charity every year. Some of the proceeds from that dinner go to help pay the wages of some of the student interns here and also to pay for some of the food that we eat in this very room." Darby announced.

"What you don't know is that Janice attended the most recent banquet and indeed, gave her body for the cause." He continued.

I could feel my face turning red and I looked down at my feet. I was too embarrassed to even look at the crowd.

"Isn't that right Janice?" he asked.

"Yes." I mumbled.

"What was your mandate that weekend Janice?" Darby asked.

"To entertain the guests and do whatever they asked me to do." I answered.

"What were your rights that weekend Janice?" 

"I had no rights. So long as there was no violence I had to do whatever I was told to do." I was now beet red and I wouldn't have minded if the ground opened up and swallowed me.

"Does anyone here wonder what Janice was told to do that weekend? If you are uncertain you can ask her exactly what she did do." Darby instructed.

A rather fat black man stood up and asked "Did you suck any cocks?"

"Yes, I did." I replied.

"How many?' the man asked.

"I don't know. I wasn't keeping score." I snorted defiantly.

"An estimate then?" Darby asked.

"Perhaps twenty or so." I lied.

"I have looked at the videos quite often. I counted well over one hundred." He shot back.

All I could do was shrug my shoulders.

"What will you do here today?" asked Darby.

"I don't know." I replied.

"Will you suck anyone's cock?"

"If I am told to." I admitted.

"Will you take multiple cocks at any given time?" he probed.

"If I have to."

"Then why don't you tell everyone what you intend to do here today."

I took a deep breath and announced "I will suck cock and I will take multiple cocks here today."

"Any more questions?" Darby asked.

An Indian guy put up his hand.

"What is your question Dhaval?" Darby asked.

"Is any part of your body off limits." Dhaval grinned.

I looked at Darby and took a deep breath. "No." was my honest answer.

An extremely large black woman asked "Do you lick pussy?"

"Yes, I lick pussy too."

"Ok everyone, when you see Janice during the day please be friendly. I'm sure that Janice is willing to give her body for our cause again. You are, aren't you Janice?" Darby smiled.

"Yes, I am willing to give my body again." I felt embarrassed saying it but it was the truth and I was looking forward to it.

The staff took that as their cue to go back to work. I noticed Marsha whispering in Darby's ear and he nodded and smiled.

Marsha headed out in a bit of a hurry and Darby took me back to his office.

"Ready for your first piece of business?" he asked.

"Sure." I replied.

"Follow me." He ordered.

He led me out to the reception area where Marsh was sitting with a huge smile on her face.

"Come around here honey." She instructed.

As I went around to the other side of the reception desk Marsha lifted up her dress and I saw that she had no panties on. I didn't hesitate and got down on my knees and started to tongue her pussy. About fifteen minutes later I felt her start to squirm and her orgasm followed soon after. As I got up I noticed that the whole thing was being watched in silence by at least a dozen people. I wiped my mouth with the back of my hand and waited for my next instruction.

"Ok everyone, back to work." Laughed Darby.

He took me back to his office and gave me a large envelope full of papers.

"Take these to Louise in accounting." He instructed.

"Where will I find accounting and which one is Louise." I asked.

"Go out of this door and turn right. When you meet someone you can ask them two questions. "Where is accounting and what can I do for you."

I left Darby's office and turned right. I opened the first door I came to and found myself staring into the empty darkness of a store room. A little further down the hall was another door. I opened it and immediately heard people talking.

"Is this accounting?" I asked.

"No honey, this is finance." I was being addressed but a very tall middle aged man. "What do you have there?"

I handed the envelope to him and he took a look inside.

"This actually pertains more to finance than accounting. Come into my office while I see to them. It won't take long." He said.

I followed him to his office well aware that at least a half a dozen pairs of eyes were assessing my body. The finance department was open plan and the office of Ken Bradley - Head of Finance, had glass walls that were only slightly frosted. 
