 The money was in the bank. All 22.5 million dollars of it. No, I hadn't robbed a bank...I had hit the lottery for $98. Million. I had decided to take the lump sum, which had dropped the amount to about 45 mil after taxes. 6 months later I had forked over half of that and divorced my wife, suddenly free from a stifling marriage with plenty of money in the bank. It was time for a vacation!

And you were going with me. For years we had fantasized about running away together to some place warm and sunny, away from the cold and the rain and our problems. Now we had the means and the time.

Taking a month off of work you had decided to let your daughter live with her dad for a month, told your boyfriend you'd be back in a month, and had gotten on a plane with me. Neither of us had any expectations other than anything was open to be tried. And the future was our own. No promises from either of us on what would happen after our vacation.

That's how we found ourselves on a sandy beach at the exclusive Hedonism II resort in the Bahamas.

The small fire burned hot in front of the two of us as we sat entwined on the still warm sand of the Caribbean beach, the flames reaching towards the clear starry sky. Across the fire another couple whose name I had lost somewhere mirrored us, their own blanket wrapped around his shoulders and crossed in front of her body the same as ours. To our right the mother/daughter combination of Carol and Kelly laughed softly at the comments of the brothers Bob and Barry across from them. 

Carol sat with her legs demurely crossed in front of her as if to hide her nudity in a lady- like pose, her bare sagging breasts and nipples pointing at her lap showing otherwise. She looked to be about 45 or so, with the soft bulging middle that showed that Kelly had been carried inside her. Kelly on the other hand sat Indian style as if daring the world to look at her youthful charms, which everyone on the beach had been doing all day while she bounced and jiggled as she moved. The late twenties woman was comfortable in her own skin and seemed to relish the exhibitionism that being nude in front of others provided.

Carol was explaining in a quiet voice how Kelly had first introduced her to public nudity when the younger girl was still in college and after Carol's divorce from the stiff and formal former husband. The progression from prude to nude also opened her mind to the possibilities of an expanding sexuality that had been repressed way too long. That Kelly had helped her mother discover herself was highlighted by the story of the mother and daughter seduction of Kelly's boyfriend one evening.

The brothers Jones' story was simpler...neither ever married they had made their fortunes in the dot-com explosion, getting out before the implosion. Life long nudists from a nudist family they often came to this particular resort to release the pressures of owning their own business...and to sample available delicacies that they may find!

The couple across the fire were from Minnesota and nude in public for the first time. They both admitted that they hadn't known what they were getting into by coming to this particular resort, and weren't sure they'd be back.

A day spent enjoying the sun and the heat and the surf on the nude side of the Hedonism resort had been wonderful after the cold of the long winter in the Northwest. Jamaica was perfect, and the resort even better. Hedonism is a place where anything goes...anything at all either in private or in public, if that's your thing. Fantasies fulfilled, passions explored.

But here you were, nude beneath the blanket with me nude snuggled in behind you. After a day spent seeing you on a lounge chair sunning with nothing but a smile on your face, your perfectly sized breasts bare in front of my (and everyone else's) view, the anticipation of being intimate with you had grown in my mind. The thin hair between your legs trimmed to a triangle shaped patch accentuated your nether charms rather than hiding them, presenting my mind with the prospect of later sensual delights.

The sun had relaxed everyone, and the cold margarita's that the brothers had procured somewhere lowered the inhibitions of everyone sitting around the flickering fire. I leaned against the palm tree and wrapped you in my arms.

My legs spread wide and feet tucked beneath your knees, your back snuggled against my bare chest and the valley of your ass against my crotch, we generated our own body heat beneath the light blanket. My hands began to explore the smoothness of your skin, still warm from the Caribbean sun. My fingers played lazily over the tips of your breasts, tracing a slow pattern around the twin mounds then upwards between them. Your nipples grew beneath my fingers as I circled them, around and around the quickly hardening nubs. With each pass of the course tips of my fingers your breath quickened, forcing them further against my hands. Looking over your shoulder I see you clench the blanket tighter in your own hands. Your ass squirms against my crotch as I continue playing with your breasts beneath the material of the blanket.

I know I can make you cum by playing with your breasts. You've told me so. And even though we've never played together before I feel I know how to work your body to induce your pleasure. The aroma of arousal floated upwards to engage my senses.

I grasp a nipple between the fingers of each hand and gently roll them in time with each other. Around the hardened flesh my fingers rotate my flesh against yours, back and forth around and around your nipples. Your breathing becomes shallow and your ass presses hard against me. I can tell your climbing to your peak, and the idea that I'm going to make your cum in front of people we barely know excites me...and you!

Suddenly I pull both nipples, not hard but firmly, and gently squeeze them at the same time. Your gasp draws the attention of the others and now they're watching you squirm beneath your shield as I continue to tug and pull and squeeze your nipples. They know what I'm doing to you and they all turn to watch as your excitement grows. The motion of your body has opened up the bottom of the blanket a bit and now all can see the undulation of your hips and the movement of your legs as I squeeze and pull and fondle those wonderful breasts in my hands. 

Cupping both breasts in my hands, a tug and a pinch and a pull and a squeeze has your breath coming in gasps even as the first gentle orgasm flushes from your pussy through your stomach and into those breasts I'm paying so much attention to. I've wanted to touch and play and fondle these breasts for a long time and they feel exactly like I thought they would. I've seen them beneath blouses and sweaters and looked down your shirts at times and they are as exquisite as I thought they'd be. Full but not overwhelming, with nipples hard and sensitive!

And I've just made you cum by playing with them, your skin hot as it flushes. The blanket now wide open, everyone watching as my hands hold your breasts and your legs open as your gentle orgasm works over your body. You want them to watch...it's always been a fantasy, to have an orgasm while others watch. And they are.

Kelly is slowly rubbing her own crotch, her hands between her widely spread legs. Carol is rolling her own nipples between the fingers of both hands. Bob's cock has grown, and although not completely hard is impressive anyway. He's fondling the heavy sacks hanging between his legs and watching me make you cum. Barry is fully hard, and he's gently stroking it's full length where everyone can see as he watches the mother/daughter duo across from him.

Minnesota woman still clutches the blanket around her but we can see the motion of her hands as they work in and out of her pussy, or so I imagined.

When you open your eyes you watch the sexual scene taking place in front of you. It was bound to get started amongst this group sometime, the openly sexual activity that we had seen taking place throughout the day in the rest of the resort. Earlier that day you and I had watched as a woman had taken one man into her mouth while another had licked her pussy at poolside.

Now we watch as Kelly stands and moves in front of Barry, leans over and without ceremony or hesitation takes him fully in her mouth. Her head bobs up and down as she raises to lick the tip of his now hardened cock, then completely engulf him once more. On her knees in the sand, her ass in the air, legs spread, her pussy lips open and inviting.

Bob reaches over to run a finger down the crack of Kelly's ass and along the lips of her pussy while all the while sliding his other hand along the length of his hardness. A moan, whether from Barry or from Kelly, comes from across the fire. Kelly obviously likes the attention of two men at once and has done this before.

Her mother watches her daughter and caresses a breasts in one hand and rubs her clit with the other. Her own legs are now wide open and we can see between her legs. Unlike her daughters completely shaved pussy Carol has kept hers covered by lightly trimmed black hair.

I whisper in your ear even as I move a hand from your breast to between your own legs. We both watch as the couple along the way have shed their blanket and she has slid up over his hard cock. She spreads her legs wide as he lies back onto the sand, and impales herself onto him, in one motion taking him completely inside. Her small breasts are simply nipples atop slight bulges on her torso but those nipples are hard and engorged nubs at least an inch long. Her bush is full and overflowing between her legs, his cock disappearing in the heavy mat.

I had asked if you wanted your pussy eaten by another woman. You nod slightly and call out to Carol. Motioning with your finger you call her over and after a moments hesitation she moves between your legs, and slowly lowers her mouth over the hard nipple of your left breast. I watch as you place your hands on both of the other woman's own breasts and gently caress them, even as I slide a finger between the lips of your wet pussy and deep inside you.

Carol's finger slides next to mine inside you. Her soft skin feels different from mine inside you and the differences drive you higher. My fingers on one breast and her lips and tongue on the other help you along. You spread your legs wide even as Carol and I work on your body, you watch the others in the group. You watch as Bob moves behind Kelly, his cock hard, the head huge on the end of his organ slipping past her pussy opening and slamming inside.

Turning to kiss me, our tongues meeting between us, as Carol moves her head between her legs, her tongue searching for your wet opening. You feel her tongue slide up and down your pussy lips, my fingers on your breasts as hers hold your pussy lips wide apart. Your hands push her head to where you want it, guiding her tongue. Moaning into my mouth as Carol laps at your wetness touching every sensitive piece of flesh between your legs.

Minnesota couple are watching you now even as he drives his cock deep into his wife. They see your legs spread wide, another woman between them, my hands pulling and twisting the nipples on your breasts. They are going to see you cum, see Carol and I drive you to a wild orgasm, see your legs jerk as her tongue delves deep within you. When she gently suck on your clit you scream deep inside my mouth and you drive your hips against her mouth. Up and down your pelvis jerks and thrashes beneath her even as you flood her face with your juices. She continues to lick and suck even as you float through another orgasm, your second at the point of her tongue.

Finally Carol pulls away...not because you've asked her to but because Bob has moved away from her daughter and plunged deep into her mother with his hard cock. The warm humid air touches your pussy, the light breeze teasing your wide open lips and engorged clit. You turn around, push me backwards, and mount my own rock hard cock as it points upward. I watch your breasts bounce as you hurriedly bury yourself onto me. Upwards our passions climb, your pussy clenching my cock as it slides in and out of you, until soon we reach our peak. You feel me swell inside you, I feel your pussy as it clamps hard around me, and you feel me inject you with spurt after spurt of hot cum. Others are watching us. Bob and Carol right behind you even as they drive each other to their own orgasms. Minnesota couple as they continue their passionate coupling. And Kelly and Barry as he floods her throat with his seed.

Moments pass, our breathing resumes a normal pace, and my softening cock slides out of you, unleashing our combined juices from within you. Your nipples are still hard and I can't keep from taking one between my lips and sucking hard. Your hands hold me to your chest, where I can feel your heartbeat within your chest.

The beginning of our short time together. We'll see where this goes.