 It started innocently enough. It was winter break during my junior year of college, and I had come back to school the day after Christmas. It was real cold out and the ground was covered with at least 6 inches of snow. Two of my roommates were also back. Joel, Ryan and I lived next door to 9 girls. We had all become friends in the dorms, but became very close as neighbors. Only four of them were back, but that would be more than enough. 

I went next door to see who was there and what they had planned for that night. The house was 3 stories and was a god awful yellow color. I walked in and the first floor was empty. The main room was on the 2nd floor, so I figured the girls would be up there. Carly and Lisa where watching TV up there. Carly was a sexy brunette. She stood about 5'6" tall and was very athletically built. She had a toned ass and average size tits. She was a huge tease, but was definitely a prude. Lisa was a little pocket rocket. She was barely over 5 feet tall, and was very cute. She had beautiful curly blonde hair. Her ass was small and tight, and she was the only girl in the house that I had fucked. She was a little slut who loved cock, and always had someone she was banging. I said hi to both and headed towards Becky's room. She was reading something for her winterim class. She was always full of energy and jumped up and gave me a huge hug. Becky wasn't even close to fat, but she did have some heft to her. She had short straight blonde hair and a rather large pair of tits that I was dying to see. She played the good girl routine, but everyone knew better. I told her I'd see her later and headed upstairs to the 3rd floor. 

Christine had the only real bedroom on the floor as Carly used the living room for her room. Christine's door was ajar so I walked in. She must have just gotten out of the shower as she was wearing only a pair of panties. She was toweling off her hair and had not heard me. She was the best looking girl in the house. At 5'9" she had very long slim legs. She was skinny in the right places, and curvy in the best spots. Her ass looked so inviting I wanted to pounce her right there. Her nipples topped a pair of nicely sized tits, and were nice and hard from her shower. 

She finally saw me and screamed: "What the fuck, Craig!" 

"I knocked and you didn't answer. I'm really sorry Christine." I explained.

Her face was bright red with embarrassment as she hurriedly pulled on a shirt. Quickly trying to say something, I told her that Joel and Ryan were back from home. I said we should go and buy some beer and stay in and get drunk at their place. She thought that was a great idea. I suggested we go now to get the beer as the snow was coming down rather hard. She pulled on a pair of jeans and we were off. 

Driving to the store was an adventure as the roads were slick and I could barely see. Christine was quiet.

"Are you embarrassed that I saw you naked?" I asked.

"Yes," she said. 

"Well, I thought you looked very sexy," I said. 

"Really?" she replied. 

"Oh, yeah!" I laughed.

"If it will make you feel better you can see me naked," I offered. 

Christine smiled and said maybe later. I smiled and drove on. We got the beer and barely made it back to the house. The snow was really falling and we weren't going to able to go anywhere that night. We brought the beer upstairs and I went next door to get Joel and Ryan. Christine told Carly, Lisa and Becky what the plans were and they got real excited. These girls could drink and never turned down an excuse to get drunk. Next door, I told Joel and Ryan what we were doing that night. They said cool, and then I told them that we had to get the girls naked that night. They laughed, but I told them to follow my lead. 

After about 2 hours of drinking and playing stupid card games everybody was buzzing. I suggested we play Truth or Dare and Ryan and Joel quickly agreed with me. The girls said they were game and we were ready to go. The girls wanted to know the rules, and I said that the guy's were not going to do anything to each other. The girls agreed as they said that would be gross as well. 

We sat on the couches and decided Carly would go first. Carly asked me and I chose Truth. Carly wanted to know who the last girl I saw naked was. Christine blushed as I said her name. Everyone laughed with surprise and we both smiled. 

It was now my turn and I chose Carly, who chose to a dare. I dared her to take Joel's pants off using only her mouth. She was never the kind of person to try and weasel out of something, so she agreed. Joel stood up and Carly knelt down in front of him. She started working on his belt with her teeth, slowly pulling the end past its loop. She kept accidentally bumping her face right into Joel's growing cock. Joel seemed to be rocking his hips forward and backward forcing even more contact with her busy mouth. She finally got his belt unhooked and began to attack his zipper. She bit the top corner of his jeans near the button and worked them open. Her next task was to get the zipper down. I was amazed at her technique, and how she was really going after this rather difficult dare. She was flicking her tongue at the tag until she finally got it between her teeth. She slowly, for Joel's sake I think, worked the zipper down. Her face had rubbed against his stiff dick the whole way as the zipper opened up. With his zipper down, and the front of his pants now open, his erect dick was clearly visible straining against his boxers. Carly still had to get his pants off and she started to pull them down with her teeth while circling him. It took her a few laps around, but she finally finished. A round of applause followed her completion of her task and as she got of her knees she reached out and gave Joel's dick a playful tug.

"Mmm, it feels as big in my hand as it did on my face." She stated.

It was now Carly's turn to single someone out. She chose Becky and Becky said that a dare sounded fun. 

"Since the guys are here, and they are mollified by your huge tits, I want you to take your shirt and bra off and rub them all over each of their faces." Carly challenged. 

Becky laughed and blushed, but grudgingly agreed. She slowly freed her enormous breasts from their bonds. Her shirt and bra became part of the pile of discarded clothes that included Joel's pants. Becky's tits looked much larger than I thought they could be. Her nipples were the size of sand-dollars. She was slowly rubbing her nipples as she walked over to Ryan. He had the biggest grin on his face as she straddled his lap and thrust her goods into his face. Ryan tried his best to lick and suck on her as she rubbed herself all over her face. Ryan's hands instinctively began to rub her ass, but Becky didn't seem to mind. Having gotten Ryan visibly hard she moved over to me. I was semi-hard from just seeing her gorgeous chest, and quickly grew to full salute when she smashed her huge melons into my face. I thought I was going to suffocate as she enveloped my face. I didn't care, and thought that it would be a great way to go. I managed to capture one of her nipples for a few seconds and lightly clamped down on it, making it and my cock a bit harder. Becky was really getting into this. She seemed to be enjoying getting the guys hard and doing it in front of an audience. She walked very sluttily over towards Joel, with her breasts heaving and bouncing as she jumped onto his lap. She let out a yelp as Joel's already hard cock poked into her crotch. She quickly smothered his face and was grinding her crotch into his dick. Groans of pleasure escaped both their mouths. Satisfied with her ministrations, Becky got off of Joel and innocently sat back down on the couch. 

It was now Becky's turn and she started to scan the room, looking for her victim. She chose Ryan. Ryan of course chose dare, hoping he would get to do something exciting. 

"Since you were so hard from what I did to you, I think you should relieve some of that pressure." Becky decided. 

"What does that mean?" Ryan asked.

"I want to you jerk off for me, silly" she responded. 

"In front of everyone?" he questioned.

"Hey! I'm not wearing a shirt, and Joel's not wearing pants. Suck it up!" she demanded.

"Fine." He agreed.

Ryan stood up and shed his jeans and underwear. His dick flopped out of his boxers and bounced a few times. He had an average sized dick. It was about 6 inches long, and had a tightly wound pair of balls. He slowly began to stroke it as he stared at Becky's tits. His breathing was ragged and he seemed to be enjoying himself immensely. His pace quickened as Lisa snuck closer to get a better view. Lisa began urging him on.

"Yeah, stroke that beautiful cock!" she begged. 

He looked over at her and let out a loud grunt. His cock twitched and rope after rope of cum jettisoned from his cock. His eyes we're closed and rolled back into his head. He shot an impressive load that pooled in various spots on the carpet. Lisa was impressed as were the rest of us at the amount of cum he had just shot out.

It was Ryan's turn now to choose someone and he picked Joel. Joel decided on dare, as we had basically changed the game to dare or dare.

"I want you to take Carly over your lap and spank her naked ass." He instructed.

Carly quickly hopped up and stripped her pants off and lay down across Joel's lap. His still hard dick was jabbing into Carly's stomach.

"I've always wanted to be spanked." Carly explained. "I've been a very bad girl, Joel. Punish me." She pouted. 

Joel started out by rubbing her cheeks and then sharply smacked down on her left cheek. Carly gasped and Joel smacked her again, this time on the other cheek. He began to come down on her cheeks in quick alternating succession. Her tight butt was turning a bright red as he continued her assault.

"Oh yeah, spank me daddy! I've been so bad!" Carly screamed between ragged breaths. 

Joel came down on her about 10 more times and decided to stop when Carly's ass was as red as it was gonna get. She rolled off him and smiled as she rubbed her sore ass. 

"Thanks Joel" Carly said as she knelt on the couch.

Carly pointed at Christine as she continued to rub her backside with the other hand. 

"What the fuck, I'll take a dare, I'm getting horny over here." She blurted. 

"I was hoping you'd say that." Carly quipped. "Since Craig saw you naked earlier, I think it fair that we all get to see what we missed." She added.

"He only saw me topless though." Christine countered.

"Well, we want to see it all." Carly said.

Christine looked over at me as she got up off the couch. She pulled her shirt up over head to reveal her black lacy bra. She asked me to unhook her bra and I graciously agreed. Her nipples were in the same condition as they were when I was them earlier, hard and pointy. She unzipped her jeans and shimmied out of the tight denim, casting them aside into the ever growing pile of discarded clothing. She slid her thumbs in the band of her black panties and in one swift move yanked them down to her ankles. Her pussy was neatly shaved, with only a thin landing strip leading to the Promised Land. I was close enough to smell her arousal, and it was terrific. She was a sight to see and my cock grew another inch as it strained in its cell.

"I choose Craig." Christine said as she stared right at my crotch. 

"What do you want me to do?" I defiantly responded.

"Now that you've seen me naked, twice, I want to see what you have hidden in your pants there. It looks like it needs to come on out." She playfully answered. 

I stood up and took my pants and boxer briefs off in one movement to quickly release my growing dick from its prison. I let out a small moan as my dick hit the air. My shirt quickly followed and made its way to the growing pile on the floor. 

"Mmmm, that looks real nice, definitely worth it." Christine said as she leered at me. 

I smiled back at her as I felt all the eyes in the room staring at my 7 ½ inch fat cock bobbing up and down. It was my turn to choose someone, and Lisa had not gone yet. I said her name and she furtively responded that she wanted a dare.

"I've got a great one for you Lisa." I chuckled.

"I want you to strip nude, and run outside and make a snow angel." I challenged. 

"It's like 15 degrees out there!" she pleaded.

"Then you better be quick." I shot back with a smile on my face.

Lisa looked around the room for help, but saw none so she began to strip. She pulled of her shirt to reveal she had no bra on. Her perky little tits were topped by a set of nipples that were so hard they could cut diamonds. There was little surprise when her pajama bottoms came off to also reveal that she had no panties on. The poor girl had no hair on her pussy, so that wouldn't even protect her from the cold. She jokingly called me an asshole as she bounded down the stairs.

She quickly made her naked snow angel while we watched from the window. We all laughed heartily as she ran back inside. She ran up the stairs and was shivering like crazy. We all huddled around her to warm her up, when I felt a hand start to rub my dick through my jeans. We were all so close that I couldn't tell who it was. I saw Joel start to grind his crotch against Lisa naked ass. Ryan was rubbing Carly's crotch while he kissed Becky. I grabbed the hand and pulled it toward me. It was Christine's hand. I pulled her to one of the couches and pounced on her. Joel pushed Lisa down on another couch while Ryan, Carly, and Becky chose the floor. 

This game had quickly devolved into a full blown orgy, but no one was complaining. We all tore each other's remaining articles of clothing and went to work in our little groups. 

Joel was kneeling in front of Lisa's little pussy and eating her out. Carly was sucking Ryan's cock while he mauled Becky's huge tits. Christine was kneeling before me as I sat on the couch. She took my dick into her mouth and began to massage my shaft with her tongue. She fondled my balls and started to bob up and down on my hard dick. I reached down and started to rub her ass. As I snaked my fingers towards her asshole and she squealed. She pushed me back against the couch and climbed on top of me. 

I slid my cock up inside her waiting pussy and she started to rock up and down onto me. I looked over and Joel now had Lisa on her back on the couch with her legs over her head. He was plowing his big cock into her small pussy. She was thrashing her head around and screaming unintelligible things. Down on the floor Ryan had Carly on her knees and his cock was assaulting her pussy from behind. Becky was lying below as Carly was leaning forward on her elbows and was lapping at Becky's dripping pussy. 

The room was filled with grunts and groans, and flooded with the smell of animal sex. Joel was really driving into Lisa's pussy, and both were on the verge. She was raising her hips to meet his every thrust. With one last drive Joel plunged into her and they both let loose. Joel shot his sticky seed into Lisa's quivering cunt. Lisa continued to moan as Joel pumped his cum into her. Joel then fell on top of Lisa as they bother tried to recover their strength. The trio on the floor was close to coming as well. Carly was relentlessly sucking and licking Becky's clit as Ryan continued to rail Carly's sweet pussy. Becky was the first to come as she coated Carly's face with her juices. That sent Carly over the top and she climaxed around Ryan's cock. Carly rolled onto her back and lay next to Becky on the floor. Ryan straddled them both and stroked his dick. His ass clenched as he shot rope after rope of jizz all over Carly and Becky's face and tits. Ryan sat down after draining his balls of their seed as Carly and Becky licked and cleaned each other up.

Christine and I now had an audience. I was close to cumming and new she was too as he breathing was getting ragged. I stuck my index finger in her mouth and she sucked on it sloppily. I pulled it out and traced it down her ass cheek ass slid it full tilt into her ass. She screamed and began to really pound down on to my cock. I took her left nipple between my teeth and bit down and she could handle no more. Her cunt exploded in orgasm and clamped down around my cock. I began to shoot my pent up load inside of her. She fell limp against my body and we kissed, massaging each other's tongues and exploring each other's mouths. This wasn't just sex for us, it was something more special. 

The room was silent save for the sound of contented moaning. We still had two more weeks of winter break, and were sure to have more of this kind of fun again.