 Camille is my petite wife, 34B-22-34, dark hair, very good looking. She has always been very stylish and popular. Her solid French stock is apparent, and her exquisite taste in clothes, jewelry, and lingerie has always been a source of great pleasure to me. I love her with all my heart.

"Tim, we're late for the ward meeting. Remember, we need to drop off Brad and Jeremy with Nana for the weekend."

"It seems strange to be away from the boys on Halloween. Are you sure this is the right thing to do?"

"Certain. My mind is made up. Now help me into my dress."

At the ward meeting, we found our clique. We had joined together to fight an increase in our property taxes, found out we had a great deal in common, and soon the wives became so close that they were signed in to pick up each other's children from school. We trusted them. I liked the guys, but we were all so very different. But here in Alexandria, in the suburbs of Washington D.C., different was beautiful. Nobody wanted to be labeled a conformist. Everybody wanted to rebel a little.

Hannah came to me, her large figure still sultry, as her 42DD-36-40 frame was never far from hot thoughts. She wore low cut, sheer blouses, with bras to accent and reveal her deep cleavage. She wrapped herself around me, practically smothering my face with her huge hooters.

"I'm so glad you are here. I brought your order. We'll get it from the car on the way out."

Hannah ran an erotic toy company from her home, for women only, and her persuasive nature had doubled and redoubled the number and variety of sex toys in our home. I often had erotic fantasies of the wives trying all the
toys out on each other before they bought them, and the memory gave me a harden right in the middle of everything. Luckily, Hannah had moved on to Camille, giving her the same hug, and I could have sworn I saw my wife wrap her hands around Hannah's big ass. Before I could check, a beautiful woman stepped in front of me, elegant, obviously rich. 
"Hello, Tim. SO glad to see you here tonight. Can we count
on you two for Friday?"

"Absolutely, Rachel. You look stunning tonight, by the way."

"Oh, I'm so very glad you noticed. A woman like me just feeds on the attention you know. All I have to live for. Not like you and Camille, with Brad and Jeremy."

"Matthew loves you. You mean everything to him." 
"Matthew loves his money, his power, and the fact that no one can say no to him. If he doesn't get me pregnant soon, I'm sure he'll just move on to another beauty."

"How can you say that? He talks about you all the time!"

"Just like he talks about his yacht! I'm a trophy wife. Oh, gotta go." 
"Kirsten bounced up, her short blond hair in a page boy cut waving like pom poms.

"Hi. Johnathan got a gig. You coming
Friday?"

"Why is everyone so concerned about Friday? I thought this was the big bash, tonight the councilors report on the tax increase."

"Taxes go up. Taxes go down. I had to pay for a sub for Jon-Jon, so he could have the weekend free. Gotta boogie. Later."

Nora came up to me, her long, straight blond hair flying like a flag behind her as she moved with great style. At least three to four inches taller than Kirsten, they both had roughly the same body, 36C-26-36.

"Just back from Aspen, dear. They already have such delicious powder out there. Why don't you and Camille join Michael and I sometime?"

"I 'm sure Camille would Love that! I love that you're the first woman NOT to ask me about Friday."

"Oh, dear, you ARE cumming, aren't you?"

"Yes, of course. I just don't understand..."

"Shhh, darling. Some mysteries must remain mysteries to the uninitiated That's what they always told me in my sorority. Now do be a dear, and help me find my husband."

"Michael's over there, bending the ear of our councilman."

"Thanks. See you. Friday."

Heather pinched my butt. "Hey!" I exclaimed.

""Hay is for horses. You know a pinch from an Irish lass means good luck!" Heather was no Irish milkmaid. Her body was much closer to Camille's, petite, small breasted, firm, but with thick swimmers thighs Her tight, firm frame and pixie cute face had fueled many fantasies in bed with my wife. Her impish and brazen assaults on my body did nothing to discourage my interest.

"Come now, kiss me good and rub my hair for luck!"

Planting herself on me, she kissed me passionately, until her tall strapping husband, Wil strode up.

"And what do we have here? Having a go at wife, are ye? And in public, then!"

Before I could answer, Heather said "Tim was just trying to get lucky, I mean he was kissing me for good luck."

"If that be, then you better be movin' on then".

As she left, Wil bent down to me and said "Pinch her on the ass next time me boy, or tweak her nipples a good one. It'll serve the witch right!"

Kevin joined us and pretty soon his easygoing nature took over the conversation. Wil left to go harangue another target of his flirt of a wife, and Kevin started to confide in me.

"I don't know what is going on, but something is definitely UP. Every single one of my wife's friends has asked me about the dance party, the costume ball on Friday night. What do you know?"

"Hell, Kevin, you know more than me! I didn't know it was costumes, and didn't know there would be dancing. About the only thing I do know is that everybody insists we go, and we had to clear the entire weekend. I hear signals from Camille that Rachel is involved. Maybe we are being taken for a cruise on their yacht. I hear six couples could fit in it and have room to spare."

"I don't know about that. What I do know is that Hannah has been sewing like crazy for the past two weeks, with black and red cloth, and all the wives have been over for fittings. SO put that in your pipe and smoke it!"

Like Hannah, Kevin was either slightly overweight, or slightly under tall, but he was the most loyal, friendly, easygoing person you could ask for. His own balding crown was "due to the intense libidinous fire within" he often told us, which never failed to produce chortling and laughing beyond measure, as he took bows. He never minded being court jester, never took offense, and He and Hannah doted on each other with obvious, evident love. Their affection for everyone else was well known, and rumors of her erotic toy parties wide spread.

Friday came, and Camille picked up the boys at school and took them to her mother's. We came home and started getting dressed for the party, which was at seven. Camille put on her best Victoria's Secret lingerie, trying several different colors and styles, until she decided that basic black was it, after all. I thought she was doing it just to drive me wild, which it did. Then she put on her costume. It had an almost knee length skirt, slit all the way to the waist, a top with long sleeves that zipped up the back. In front, she adjusted it several times. The padded shoulders yielded to a plunging neckline, which only ended down around her navel. A loop went right across her breasts, pulling them together. I saw why she chose the quarter cup bra: other than the small band of fabric between her breasts, it looked like she was wearing no bra at all. The intense sensation of staring at my wife's cleavage was broken by her chiding me.

"Oh, Tim! You should be dressed by now! Don't make us late!" she quickly suited me up in my Knight's costume, and we were off.

The party was in the gym that had been grafted onto Rachel and Matthew's house. She gave ballet lessons here, but it looked very different tonight. There were roses everywhere, and only three tables. One long one against the wall had a set of obviously catered drinks and snacks. Another, near the door, had set out seating arrangements printed with little name cards, and Halloween decorations, which like the roses, were everywhere. The last table at the back, had a big black cloth draped over it, and a sign warned "Don'T Touch!"

There was already music playing, fashionable, pop, and dancible. "Let's dance" Camille offered. She swayed her hips to the music, and I watched every move. 

Someone tapped me on the shoulder "Cutting in!"

Heather grabbed my ass firmly in both hands as the music changed to a slow tune. Pressing her small breasts into me, I noticed she was wearing the same outfit as Camille, and looked damn good in it, too. I noticed Wil playing a little grab ass with my wife, as the dance floor filled with all six couples. As each song came on, they would switch partners.

Kirsten pressed her full set of knockers against me, and I enjoyed her hands roaming all over me. Rachel came for me next, during an especially slow song, hugging me deeply, laying her head on my shoulder. It was a very tender moment for everyone on the dance floor. The beat changed, and suddenly Nora was in my arms, flashing the red satin lining of her cape, vibrant and active. The next song was slower, and Hannah wrapped her soft body around me as she held me tightly. We danced like that, we ate, we chatted, socialized, drank a little, except for Wil, who drank a lot. Time flowed by. At ten, Rachel called us all to listen to her. "I'm so glad you all came here tonight. We are having this party to celebrate a very special event. Gentle witches, reveal your first secret." Camille bowed in front of me, as did all the wives in front of their own husbands. Then she rose, and her costume was gone, except for the cape! My wife was standing there in nothing more than her lingerie, concealed by the cape. The music started again, and we danced.

"You like?" Camille asked, her face smiling widely. "Of course I like you like this. Do you want everyone to see?"

"Oh, yes. And more." she teased.

The song ended before I could follow up on that question, and Rachel's smoldering beauty was in my hands. She wore passionate purple lingerie, pressing her tight body into me after I'd gotten a good eyeful, wrapping herself around me as we danced slowly.

"What's going on? Why are you dressed like this?"

"It's Halloween. Trick-or-Treat. DO you 1ike my treats?" Rachel kissed me, and the room faded. Her kiss was so intense, there was nothing else in the room for me right then, just her near nakedness pressed against me. She moved my hands down to the twin spheres of her ass, and I reacted with a hunger for her I never knew I had. 

Then the song changed, and Heather was pinching my ass again, so I tweaked her nipples hard. She crushed me in a deep hug, kissing me like she was burning up inside and only I could put her fire out. Nora had to peel her off of me when the song ended. Her slow luxurious kiss was in direct contrast to her active nature, but her soft body soothed me, and I heated up and cooled down all at the same time. Her basic black lingerie was soaked, and I could smell the excitement rising in waves from the women.

Kirsten came to me, bouncing and wriggling, rubbing herself all over me, kissing me with burning liquor on her lips. Hannah glided in when the music changed, then her hot tongue took my breath away. I'd found three women who could really kiss, and my guess was that Nora and Kirsten had other talents that made up for their kissing. I knew Camille could kiss, and my first thought of her in a half an hour was framed by the look of ecstasy she had, obviously enjoying kissing Michael. 

The music changed, and Camille came back to me. My wife was very turned on. Her hot kiss drove me back, as she started rubbing my cock. Superman, Batman, Tin man, Captain America, The Flash, we were all getting very personal messages from our wives. 

The song ended, and Rachel said "I'm so glad to welcome you all to the Temple of Hymen, the sacred ground, the Palace of Venus herself. All of our good witches have made a pact, to protect you, and to enrich you. Gentle Witches, reveal your second secret."

Camille undid the clasp on her cape, the clasp on her bra, and simply untied her panties and kicked them away. Each of the other women had done the same, and it was an assault on the senses. Rachel came to me as the music started, undressing me, throwing the costume under the table piece by piece. She kissed me as before, except that her insistent nipples were drilling into my chest, and my fully hard penis was crushed between us. Heather came to me, stroking my hard cock with her hand, guiding my hands back to her nipples. I tweaked them again, and she was digging her nails into my ass like she was clawing to get inside me. Kirsten came and pried Heather off of me, kissing me softly while she rubbed her big breasts into my hairy chest. Nora came to take her place, and her kissing was now more insistent, as she stroked my cock and guided my hand into her wet snatch. Hannah hugged us both, rubbing her soft body into both of us, gently patting Nora on the ass to let her know it was time to move on. Hannah moved my hand between her legs, and at first I thought she'd peed on me, but she was simply dripping with excitement. Somebody had given her a pretty good fingering. Somebody who might be fingering Camille, right now.

Rachel took the mike and spoke again. "Gentle Lovers, Gentle Witches. We are al1 enchanted tonight. We have come so far, without any bad tempers or guilt. I'm going to leave it at that, and ask each Gentle Witch to reveal her third secret."

There was nothing left for Camille to take off but her stockings, and so I wasn't surprised when she pulled my hand between her legs, pressed her body to me, and said "Tim, I'm so turned on. You know you're not the one who made me wet like this. Other men have already seen me, touched me. You've done the same to their wives. The six of us have made a pact. One weekend per month, you will get one of us as your wife for the weekend. In return, of course, I must be the wife for another man. You may do whatever you want together, and I hope you will. You can force us to drop out now, and we will never be allowed to return. If you say yes, tonight, now, one of these other beautiful women will take you home. Only Rachel knows who is paired up with whom. I'm so hot, and I beg you to say yes."

"Honey, is there something wrong? Am I not a good enough lover for you?"

"This is not about performance! You are a wonderful lover, although since the boys, we haven't made love enough for_me."

"I never knew. What is it then?"

"It's about security, safety. We don't want to lose our husbands to an affair. This way, you get to have your pussy cake and eat_it too. Every single one of these women is prepared to become your lover, if not tonight, then over the next few months. I know you are turned on, and you know I am turned on. I want you to play with these women I can trust."

Wil and Heather were arguing heatedly. For everyone else, it seemed the matter had been decided, even though they were terribly nervous about it, some with excitement, some with fear. Camille kissed me softly.

"Are you OK with this?"

"Yes."

Rachel took Nora, guiding her to Wil. She rubbed her breasts on his back until he turned around, then really laid a passionate kiss on him as she started stroking his half erect prick. Rachel took Heather over to Kevin, and he looked just like a boy who found his favorite gift under the tree on Christmas. He was clearly not her first choice, but they made their way out to where the robes were waiting. 

Rachel came and pulled Camille off me, and she said "Remember, whatever happens, I love you". 

Then Rachel took her to Michael, and they hugged in a warm embrace, then left holding hands. What style. Rachel kissed her husband Matt, and placed his hand in Kirsten's. She shyly kissed him for a few moments, then hotter and hotter. Rachel guided Hannah to Jonathan, and she wrapped herself around him like a big momma bear. When they had first met, Jonathan had praised Hannah for "I do believe, the largest, most beautiful pair of tit's I've ever seen." Hannah was stuffing them into his face, giving him a REAL close look. 

As they left, I realized it was just Rachel and I. She glided across the floor, pirouetted and fell into my arms. I pulled her up to kiss her, and the room disappeared again. I don't know how long we were there, kissing, but it was a long enough time for my back to begin spasming from the position. None of us were less than thirty something, and my body was complaining about the abuse.

"Take me upstairs."

Rachel said softly. I picked her up, her arms around my neck, and I carried her up the stairs to her bedroom. She pulled me to her. It was so different making love to Rachel, after more than ten years of never being with a woman other than Camille. She sucked on my prick like it was a soda straw. It took her a long time to climax, even my usually expert ministrations didn't reach her. She was turned on, I was turned on, and I realized the advantages of knowing someone as well as I did Camille. I also burned in lust with the new and different ways that Rachel would touch me, the delicate yet athletic way she made love. Rachel spun us through position after position. We kissed and the world went away. Her figure was very much like Camille, but she was tighter inside, and her ass was rounder, since she never had kids. As the night wore on, I found that she came more easily. So did I. We slipped into a long, slow, tender session of licking and sucking on each other. We each rang our bells several more times before we were too tired to continue. We kissed for a long while, then cuddled up and went to sleep. I awoke to the smell of coffee, and she brought me a tray in bed, dressed in only one of Matt's shirts. We chatted as we ate out breakfast rolls.

"How did this get started?" I asked her point blank.

"Well, let's see. About a month ago, Hannah was having one of her sex toy parties, and we all came. Several times in fact. (laughs) We had gotten into a pattern of stripping down and trying her sample toys, driving ourselves into delirium, and then having coffee and chatting, still nude. Hannah brought up the point that one out of three husbands would have an affair this year. Heather didn't understand that at all, so we got out a dice cube. It was decided that a one or a six meant an affair. We had to roll four rounds before we didn't have an affair." Rachel paused to let that sink in fully.

"The girls started getting frightened, desperate at losing their husbands. Camille really loves you, and couldn't bear even trying to raise your children without you. We all came to the conclusion that we had to do whatever was necessary to keep our husbands in the fold. Then someone came up with the bright idea of a pre-emptive strike, having each of the wives try to seduce each other's husbands. We glumly concluded that would work, but would only guarantee the destruction of our marriages. Hannah pointed out that she would be willing to make love to any one of our husbands, and then no one would have to get divorced. She was going to sacrifice herself for all of us. (laughs)"

"Heather didn't like that one bit. She thought it should be fair, equal, open to a11, so to speak. (laughs) So I drove the concept home, explained how we would all have to be the wives to each of the husbands, one at a time. Each of the wives had fantasies about one or the other of the husbands, so it was easy to convince them. Then Hannah and I worked out how to break the news to you guys, in a hot way, so that you would be more likely to say yes than to say no. It worked."
