 I got great feedback from my last story, so first and foremost, thank you to all the readers out there reading my stories. This one is true, too. Just happened last week, the day after Thanksgiving. But let me back up a bit first. 

*

My name is Sharon and I'm 31. I'll be 32 in just under a month. My husband's name is Dave and he's a year older than me. His birthday and my birthday are just two days apart. We have been married for 3 1/2 years and currently do not have any children. Our sex life was pretty good before, having sex quite often. But like so many others, it became routine, and although I usually always had an orgasm, it just wasn't as exciting as it had been. 

I found this website and kept it a secret from Dave, although reading the stories gave me ideas, ideas I shared with Dave. It also rekindled a memory I had not too long ago, before I met Dave. I was 25 and worked with three guys I became pretty good friends with. One week, though, I became their sex toy, fucking first two of them separately, then one night teasing the hell out of them all before fucking each one of them. I never went to college or sent on spring break, so for me, it was the one wild memory I could look back on. But Dave never knew about it until I showed him my story on this website. And he wasn't disgusted in the least; rather, quite turned on. He then told me one of his fantasies was to see me with another guy and asked also if I would like to be filled in both ends at the same time again like I had been with Andy and Brett. Fuck yeah, why not?

This talk started about two months ago. I hadn't even finished my last story and he was talking to me about it. We were talking about possible people and even pointed out various strangers in our daily lives. Then one night while I was riding Dave's cock I asked him this. "You want to see me with another guy, right? Well, what about another woman?"

I did not know where that came from at all. But Dave did not even really understand its full meaning anyway. 

He responded. "I don't need to be with another woman."

And I smiled back saying, "I didn't mean you."

Well, you should have seen his smile then. And his cock twitched inside of me, as well. It was hot to talk about. Dave had never once asked me to be with another woman or what I thought of the idea. And for the weeks prior to that, he concentrated solely on talking and fantasizing about another guy in our bed, thinking only about me, and of course, his fantasy of seeing me with another guy. 

I never imagined being with another woman in that way. Sure I had thought about it but it never struck me as something I could ever do or would ever like doing. But seeing the look on Dave's face and the way his cock was reacting to what I said, I thought not only could I do something like that, but I would love to do something like that for him, just as he would do anything for me!

He told me that would be hot, and playfully grabbed my ass and palmed my heavy boobs, all the while with his eyes closed. I figured he was imagining I was someone else and decided to give him the best fuck of his life. After we both came, I collapsed next to him and we snuggled up and kissed and hugged. After a few minutes I asked him a question that was killing me. 

"Who were you imagining I was?"

"Huh?"

"Fucking just now. Who were you imagining was riding your big, beautiful cock?"

He looked away and he knew I knew he was busted. It's okay, I told him. But I wanted to know. I probably knew anyway, but just wanted to hear him say it.

Dave and I lived in newer townhomes. It was a mixture of owners, mostly married, some empty-nesters, others younger couples newly married and very few families. Right next door to us was a single woman whose daughter came back to live full-time with her after college. Her daughter is 22, and she's blonde, tan and beautiful. I'm not too shabby, my husband is always complimenting me, but Brittany is every man's dream. My boobs are bigger but not by much. I've teased Dave about her before, when she's been home on break or whenever, but Dave has never said anything. She's almost too plastic, though. And dumb as a doorknob. How she ever graduated from college, I have no clue. But she is looking for a full-time job, still. She'll be nice eye candy wherever she ends up, no doubt.

So I was not surprised and certainly not mad when he said Brittany. I even teased him about it, saying her boobs are fake and all. Some people think the same about me. My boobs are a 36D or 36DD. I had worked out a lot in the last few years and was quite happy with the result. I am about 5'6" and have shoulder length brown hair. Some say I have a youthful look but it is my boobs that usually get quite the eyeful. When I was 25, I still had a lot of baby fat and had a bigger ass and a tummy on me. But my workout routine has really firmed up my buttocks and my stomach. I tease Dave all the time that when I turn 40 and after we have our two kids, I'm gonna need a boob reduction or lift! So that's what I teased him about. That Brittany's big tits probably don't even need a bra and mine do. Let me just tell all you guys out there right now the same thing I told Dave that night in bed. It ain't happening with Brittany. Sorry to disappoint. Beyond the blonde and the boobs, there's nothing there, trust me. Besides, I envisioned another couple. And even though she broke up with her boyfriend before leaving school and is already going out with someone else, when I say another couple, it had to be a serious couple, preferably married. And, I actually preferred it be someone we already knew. Not to say it had to be good friends or anything, just someone we already felt comfortable with. And not someone we would see every day. Like Brittany.

The very next day Dave received a call from his college buddy, Nick. This was mid-October and Nick was calling Dave to let him know that he and his wife, Tina, were coming into town for Thanksgiving weekend. Dave immediately asked him if he would like to stay with us, as we did have the extra room to accommodate them. Even though Nick's parents lived in town, Nick immediately accepted. As soon as Dave told me, I thought of our fantasy. They would be perfect! Dave smiled and I knew he wasn't even thinking that way. Really? he asked. I nodded. 

Nick was a hunk. He stood 6' tall, about an inch taller than Dave. He was lean and wiry, but had the cutest little ass. His dimples were deep and his ocean blue eyes sparkled when he spoke to you. I had only met him on a few occasions: once when Dave and I were dating, then at our wedding, then a few months later at their first 10-year high school reunion, and then the next year at his and Tina's wedding. We had not seen them since. Almost two years! 

Dave said Nick was lucky to meet someone as nice and sweet as Tina. Nick was always pretty demanding when it came to girlfriends. He nit-picked about the stupidest things. He was also pretty self-absorbed in looks. Dave once told me that Nick broke up with a serious girlfriend back in college because she gained 5 pounds. Tina was tiny, though. I don't think she'd ever gain an ounce. She was pretty cute, too, I remember. She had long, wavy dark brown hair. The one thing not tiny about her were her boobs. (They are 32C, I'm happy to report.)

When I first met Nick, I thought he was pretty cute but I knew he didn't think much of me. I still had some "body issues" back then I was dealing with. The last time he saw me, though, I was quite fit and he took a lot of interest in me then, even though it was his wedding day. I knew he approved. I wore a low-cut dress that was a few inches above my knee. My cleavage was very tight, deep and sexy. Dave still talks about that dress. Anyway, Nick openly gawked at me and I loved the attention, actually attention I got all day. Tina and I always got along great, too. She was nice and funny and it was a blast to hang out with her. She would be perfect, I told Dave. And then he nudged me saying I'm sure it was Nick I was more interested in. He was right, too.

We talked about it a lot for the last couple of weeks. And we finally decided to explore the interest. Dave called Nick on his cell the Monday before to firm up plans. They were going to leave early Wednesday and get in around 9:00 that night but because Tina couldn't get off work, they left at 5:00 and were going to drive for a few hours and then drive the rest of the way on Thursday morning. They were spending Thanksgiving at his parent's house and we were going to be at my parent's house. The idea was they would get there by noon and drop off their stuff and then we would all meet back at our town home by six. I knew we would all be too tired and full to do anything that night. They were staying until Sunday morning, no need to rush anything. But the real purpose of Dave's call was to "feel him" out. He told him about our recent "spike" in our sex life and told him he attributed it to him and I talking about our fantasies. 

Nick fell into the trap telling him that Tina and him were doing more than talking about them, they experienced one of theirs. Well Dave just had to press a little, asking him what they did. All Nick told him was he received a blowjob from both Tina and one of her friends. Dave was shocked! Tina AND one of her friends? At the same fucking time! When Dave told me that, I immediately got hot and horny thinking about the same thing for Nick. Me and maybe Tina? Or, a repeat performance for Nick, me and Tina sucking him off? That night I simply told Dave he was going to get a blowjob and to imagine it was Tina. I don't think he ever came so much. It was all over my face and tits!

We didn't talk about it at all for the next two days. On Thanksgiving, we had to leave for my parent's house before Nick and Tina arrived. They had called from the road on their cell and told us they were running behind. We left a key in the mailbox and told them they could drop off their stuff and freshen up before heading on over to his parents. At 5:30, we were back at home and saw that they had been there. I was really hoping that Dave's conversation with Nick would result in a some fun, uninhibited sex among two loving couples. 

It was unseasonably warm so I changed into a short-sleeve sweater with a low-sweeping neckline. Dave thought it was too revealing but I didn't care. I was hot. From the warm weather, yes, but mostly at the thought of what might lie ahead. I was leaving it totally up to Dave. He was running things. It was his friend and his friend's wife. I told him I was up for anything, even if it just turned out to be Tina and I putting on a show for him and Nick. At this point, I did not care if I had a piece of Nick or not. I was horny for sex, and knew regardless of what happened or didn't happen, Dave and I would have some lusty sex later on in our bedroom. 

Nick and Tina arrived at 6:30. If they didn't show up soon, I was going to give Dave a blowjob. Told him that, too. I think he was pissed they showed up five minutes later. Nick couldn't keep his eyes off my tits! Tina, too. I think she got a little jealous and went into the bedroom to get more comfortable. She put on a T-shirt and despite it not being a dark color, took off her bra. I could tell and knew Dave could as well, that she wasn't wearing one. We talked and hung out and relived some memories, mostly of course, Nick and Dave, their high school and crazy college days. Sex talk was on the back burner. We played Scrabble and then played euchre most of the night. At 1:00 AM, we called it a night. Dave and I had great sex that night and I thought I heard Nick and Tina going at it, too. 

I don't want this story to be too long, so suffice it to say Friday was a nice, relaxing day. The guys stayed home, watched some obscure football games on TV while Tina and I went out shopping. We planned on going out to dinner around 5:00 and did so at a little Italian restaurant at the end of our street right on the corner. Dave and I went there or got take-out about once a week. We then went out to a couple bars and hung out, mostly Tina and I sat talking while Dave and Nick either played pool or talked between themselves. I think there was a basketball game on, too, they were watching. It was almost 10:30 PM when we went home. I was tingling. I was definitely horny and knew Dave was, too. Aw fuck, he's always horny. 

Because it was still warm for this time of year, I wore a skirt. I don't wear skirts a lot, preferring jeans or shorts, but thought I wanted to look especially sultry and just a little bit slutty. I did wear bikini cut panties, though, ignoring pleas from my husband to wear a thong. The skirt was not too short but did show off my legs nicely. It also was quite snug in the back. I think my ass looked great in it, but especially my thighs and tone legs. And I wore a gray top with long sleeves and it was not low cut, but rather hiding my breasts as well as it could. I wanted to Dave (and Nick, too) in not showing much of them. Dave, I knew, always loved him when I teased him like that. Tina bought a new skirt that day and even went into Victoria's Secret to buy a few bras and panty sets. She and I did not talk one bit about anything out of the ordinary going on that evening, though.

We walked home from the last bar, Tina and I in front of our husbands. Everywhere we went that night was within walking distance. Tina wore high heels and I wore pumps but we were both comfortable enough. Tina and I both drank wine all night. The boys went from wine at dinner to beer at the bars. I had no earthly idea what would happen next or how anything would start up, if anything. Then it started. 

Nick said out loud enough for us to hear. Hey Dave, look at those girls up ahead...they look like a couple of whores. I instantly smiled. When I looked over at Tina, she was smiling, too.

Yeah, just two sluts looking for their next fuck. I couldn't believe Dave said that. I looked over my shoulder at them and smiled and then looked back at Tina, and she was trying to walk even more like a prostitute in her high heels and in her little drunken state. High-class whores, I teased back. Yeah, but whores all the same, Nick said. 

When I looked back again, Nick was looking right at me. Not at his wife, but at me. And I knew instantly that he accepted me, that I would be an acceptable partner. And as strange as it sounds, I was elated. And becoming wetter by the moment. But even with all that talk, nothing was guaranteed. We could have just gotten home and gone off our separate ways into our separate bedrooms. Luckily that didn't happen.

When we walked into the house, I turned around and looked at Dave. He was just smiling, then Nick told me neither he nor Dave said I could turn around. I was shocked. But when I looked at Tina, she was already turned back around and her eyes told me she was excited. She knew what was coming. So I was now excited, too. I felt their eyes, either or both of them, pasted to the back of my legs and ass. Which one do you want, Dave? The short one with the tight little ass or the one with the really big tits? It was like a switch to my nipples was turned on. My nipples hardened and were visible through my top. What about my tight little ass? I wondered. It wasn't as small as Tina's but still pretty nice, I thought. 

Suddenly I felt one of them upon me. A hand was on the bottom of my thigh right below my skirt and I tensed. It was Dave. I returned to breathing normally, or at least tried to. He cupped my ass, showing Nick a little piece of it, I'm sure. He put his mouth near the back of my ear and inhaled. His finger wedged underneath and ran near my pussy lips on the outside of my panties before slipping it back out, never even saying a word. I looked to the side and saw as he approached Tina. Tina's nipples were very prominent on her top and I instantly felt jealous. No way, though, Dave would do the same to Tina that he did to me. But he did! She even moaned when he felt up her pussy. I wasn't mad but was a little confused. I guess I didn't plan on it being played out quite this way. When I had my funtime with Andy, Brett and Cory years ago, I was in charge. Now, I was being played along with Tina. She looked comfortable in the role, though. 

Maybe I'll take both, Dave said. How much whores for a dual blowjob? Just as I was about to answer, Nick walked up behind me and reached around and grabbed my left boob. He was feeling me up pretty good. Tina answered what I was already going to say. You two couldn't afford us. 

Two cheap sluts like you two, Nick barked. I doubt it. And then he pinched my nipple through my top and bra. It sent an electric shock through my whole body. Even though I dreamed up different scenarios for something like this to occur, I couldn't believe it was actually happening so quickly, and like this, too. 

If the man wants a blowjob from both of you bitches, then you better get busy. Dave went to the couch and started to take his belt off. Nick slipped his hand underneath my skirt and ran his finger along my asscrack before cupping and squeezing my ass in his hand. That's a pretty nice tight ass, too, he smirked. I was wet. If I wasn't wearing panties, it would have been streaming down my leg. Tina and I walked over to the couch next to each other. Dave had unzipped his jeans and was pulling them down and off his legs. I couldn't believe Tina in seconds would be eyeing up my husband's long, 7 inch cock. Nick had slipped into the kitchen for whatever reason. I looked at Tina to see her reaction to Dave's cock. She was smiling as she started to get on her knees. I slipped out of my pumps and got onto my knees as well. 

I looked at Dave and asked him if he wanted my shirt to come off, and it was Tina that said no, the guys didn't ask us to. And she told me I should put my shoes back on, but I just shrugged my shoulders. Dave was stroking my shoulder and Tina's and was pushing us toward his cock. I noticed his pubic hair was scarce and figured he must have shaved a bit down there, especially his balls. He did that every once in awhile. And then he whispered to me that I am not to call him or Nick by their names, that they don't know us, and that he and Nick will not call us by our names, either. Only slut, whore, bitch or whatever else they wanted. Got it? Tina nodded, she already knew the game that was being played. I nodded, too, and started stroking my husband's cock and licking the top. I handed it off to Tina who did the same.

Nick walked back into the room and smiled as he noted both of us girls still clothed and greedily sucking Dave's cock. I noted this when I looked up at him carrying a bottle of wine and a few glasses. He then scolded me for taking off my pumps and demanded I put them back on. Tina continued her masterful blowjob of my husband while I stood and put the pumps back on. But before I could kneel again, Nick was standing next to me and leaned in, put a hand on my hip and kissed me. And right in front of Dave! But that was nothing compared to his own wife kneeling demurely in front of my husband's lap with his cock stuffed into her little mouth. 

He announced to all of us he was leaving to take a piss but then leaned in and whispered in my ear that when he gets out, my top better be off. So when I got back down on my knees, I looked into Dave's eyes and started to take off my top, slowly pulling my arms inside the shirt before slipping it over my head. When it was off, Tina took her mouth of his cock and licked her lips. I'm not sure but she was looking right at my tits when she did it. She gave it back to me and resumed sucking his cock, which was desperately wanting to unload, I knew. When Nick re-entered the room, I knew he was checking me out. He walked around me and I knew was looking to see how tight my body was. I leaned back and never even wondered how Dave felt having his wet cock sticking straight up for his friend to see. Of course, his friend was hardly looking at him.
