 Day 2

A knocking on the passageway door awoke Janet, the vibrator lay on the pillow beside her head. She had vague recollections of erotic dreams throughout the night, of waking and sucking the rubber cock before drifting back to her pleasant dream filled night.

"Next dive starts in an hour, breakfast's ready in the galley," the voice from the passageway called.

"Okay," Janet called back, then rolled out of bed, stowing the vibrator back in her bag. A few minutes at the sink to prepare for the day then she looked at herself in the mirror. Her breasts were larger than Dinah's, not huge but a pleasant handful. They sagged slightly but weren't bad, she decided. She did have a great butt, and her body, though not as thin as Dinah's, was firm, her time at the gym was worth it, she decided. Her bright blue eyes stared back at her; they were her favorite feature. She spent a few moments trying to tame her mass of brown unruly hair, before tying it into a ponytail. She slipped her bathing suit on, took one last look in the mirror and, pleased with what she saw, made her way to the galley.

Dinah was sitting n the galley, her red hair pulled back into ponytail. She was covering a piece of toast with strawberry jelly. Janet grabbed some coffee and a bagel and joined her. "Mark not up yet?" she asked.

"He's up and gone on the first dive, should be back in a few minutes. After his surface interval we're going to go together. Did you find a dive partner yet?"

"No, I'm the only single, we need to wait and see whose going in the next dive," Janet said.

"You can come with us," Dinah said. "We go slow and take it really easy."

Mark came off the dive deck and sat down next to Dinah. "It's incredible, the vis is really good, we saw manta rays, and a shark, and some moray eels."

The women soaked up some sun while Mark ate and waited for his surface interval to end. When he was ready they suited up and made their dive, and as Mark said, it was incredible. Both women were gushing with words when they broke the surface off the stern of the boat. After their surface interval they made a second dive, every bit as good as the first. Mark did the last dive with another group while the woman showered and dried off. They took a snack and drinks and stretched out on the bow trampoline, deserted except for them. They watched the divers in the distance as they rolled off the inflatable.

"Did you like the show last night?" Dinah asked, breaking the silence.

Caught off guard Janet stammered for an answer.

"I saw you when Mark and I were on the bow and then left the door open so you could see in the cabin. I could see your outline in the passageway light."

Janet stammered some more, "I'm so sorry, I didn't mean to spy on you. It was just so ...," she trailed off.

"It was such a turn on for me, being watched. Mark and I talk about it a lot, its one of the fantasies we use to get us going. Last night on deck I saw you just before I came, it made me come so hard. And then in our room I whispered to him that you were watching and it really set him off, too. There was cum in my hair and running off my nose, I think it drained him. Did it get you off?"

Janet was momentarily speechless, then the rush came back and she found she was wet again. "Well, yeah, several times. And I woke up dreaming about it, too. Do you ... you know ... like ... using your mouth? Does he do it to you? I hope you don't mind me asking."

"No, not at all. I like pleasuring him and he works so hard when we actually ... fuck, " she said in a lower tone. "It's really nice for him to just lay back and have me do it to him. It doesn't get me off or anything, but it feels really good to please him. As for him, he says he'll lick me whenever I want and I must admit, some weekend mornings he wakes me up with a back rub and then rolls me over and licks my pussy, it feels really good. I guess it works for us, he rubs my back almost every night and I give back to him what he likes. We really only ... fuck ... a few time a month, it takes him so long to get off, I get sore sometimes."

"But coming on you, on your face...?" Janet pressed.

"He really likes it sometimes, but he can't explain why. In some way it pleases me, too, but I don't know why. Probably some form of dominate/passive relationship...," Dinah tried to explain. "We don't finish that way very often, did you like it?"

Janet answered, "I came when I heard you sucking him, my knees almost collapsed under me. I've never had a man in my mouth, the thought has really turned me on lately, and him doing me, but I've never done it or even seen it done in real life."

Dinah leaned forward, "You can get a closer view if you want. It would be such a turn on for us to have you watching."

"Do you mean it?" Janet asked, her arousal taking over. "I'd love it."

That night after dinner the boat was motoring to the next days dive site, the wind having slackened to a slight breeze. The rumble of the motors would mask the sounds of their lovemaking, Dinah thought, as Mark rubbed the lotion into her lower back. She had a pillow under her stomach and her cute little butt was raised, fully naked. Every few strokes Mark would slide his fingers along her pussy. "You're really wet already, you thinking about last night?" he said, still wearing a pair of shorts.

"Something like that." The words were no sooner out of her mouth than a light knock sounded on the adjoining door. "Crap," Mark muttered. "Just answer it," Dinah said, "You're dressed."

Mark swung the door open and Janet stood there in shorts and a tank top, her erect nipples showing she wore no bra. "Come on in and sit down, we're just getting started." Dinah called.

Janet smiled meekly at Mark, "Only if it's OK with you," she said. Reviving from his momentary befuddlement and grasping that Dinah had planned this surprise he said, "Sure, come on in."

Janet slipped past him and slid into the chair facing the bed, Mark got back on the bed. "Surprise!" Dinah said, as Mark resumed kneading her lower back. Finishing her back he started on her legs and feet then had her roll over. Her pink nipples were hard as she moved onto her back. She reached up and pulled Mark down to a kiss. "Lets give her a show."

Mark kissed down her chest as Dinah's hands moved up to grasp the headboard. His tongue darted around her breasts before firmly sucking her nipple into his mouth. He repeated the act on the other side and Dinah's legs parted in front of Janet's eyes. Her pussy was wet, the lips swollen with desire, and shaved, Janet noted, with just a patch of red hair at the top. Mark moved down between her legs, sliding his arms beneath her thighs and stroking the sides of her breasts. As Janet watched intently and Dinah moaned, he began licking the inside of her thighs, then up along the outside of each of the lips. Then lightly, oh so lightly, his tongue licked right on top of the lips. They parted, exposing the wetness that lay within. Looking back a Janet he saw her smile briefly at him, then chew her lower lip as she stared, her hands gripping the sides of the chair tightly.

With his tongue he started at the bottom of her pussy, just above the puckered hole of her ass, and lick up in one stroke, plunging in as far as he could when he reached her vagina then moved the lubrication up over Dinah's clit. Flattening his tongue he slid it back and forth across the clit, eliciting an intense moan (whether from Janet or Dinah he wasn't sure,) before rubbing circles around the clit with the tip of his tongue. Moving back down he sucked the lips into his mouth, one at a time, then both, then slid his tongue back into her. Licking between her ass and pussy got another moan, as did a brief moment sucking on her clit as his tongue flitted about it.

By turning her head to the side Dinah could see that Janet was stroking her pussy through the leg of her shorts. "Let me see," Dinah said. Janet paused momentarily before slipping her shorts off and placing her feet on the edge of the bed a few feet apart. The dark pubic hair couldn't hide the puffy lips as Janet's hand returned to stroking her pussy, sliding two fingers deep within herself. The sight caused Dinah to moan, raising her hips to Marks eager mouth, he responded by sliding a finger into Dinah and curling it forward to her G-spot. "That is so good," Dinah moaned, gripping the headboard tightly. Opening her eyes again she met Janet's gaze, "Take your top off, too," Dinah said.

The top came off quickly and Janet's free hand pinched and pulled her own straining nipples. Dinah pulled Mark up from his position to lay beside her, taking his hand and guiding it to her pussy. "Let's watch for a minute," she said. Janet matched their gaze, looking back at them as she parted her pussy lips with one hand and slid the index finger of her other hand through the slippery pussy before circling it around her clit. Mark matched her moves on Dinah's pussy. With a "aagghh" Dinah's body spasmed as an enormous orgasm racked her body. Mark's finger continued its dance on Dinah's clit until her legs closed and she rolled onto her side, still watching Janet, whose own orgasm was just finishing as well.

The three rested for a few minutes before Dinah broke the stillness by sitting up and rolling Mark over onto his back. "Now for the main show," she said to Janet. Mark's cock was rock hard in his shorts as Dinah pulled his shorts down and off his body. She lay beside him, facing Janet and the now pulsing cock. "It's nice, huh?" she commented to Janet, stroking the shaft with one hand and tickling the bottom of his sack with the other. Smiling at Janet, Dinah extended her tongue and licked the head of the cock and withdrew, causing a string of pre-cum to form between her mouth and his cock. Still tickling his balls she licked the shaft all over, noting that Janet's hand was back to stroking her pussy.

With her mouth poised over his cock, Dinah asked, "Ready?" then slid Mark's cock into her mouth, enclosing it fully in the warm, wet, softness. Mark moaned as Dinah's head bobbed up and down. The ecstasy was extreme, Mark opened his eyes to see Janet continuing her pussy play, then his cock was enclosed again by Dinah's warm mouth.

Janet watched, her pussy alive with passion, as Mark's cock disappeared into Dinah's mouth, Dinah's head bobbing as her hand stroked up and down that part that was not in her mouth. Janet came again, but only slight slowed her masturbation. Dinah's manual and oral manipulation of Mark's cock continued for a time. "Even when he's excited it takes so long for him to come," Dinah said to Janet conversationally as her hand stoked Mark's cock faster now. Dinah's took the cock in her mouth again, deep to the back of her throat and moaned. She knew the vibration of the sound in her mouth added to his pleasure.

"Oh yeah, right there," Mark said as he reached the point. Dinah's hand slowed and she raised her head. "Watching? Here it comes," she said as she pointed his cock straight up, "See how tight his balls get when he comes." The first spurt flew high over Dinah's head before splatting down on Mark's chest. More spurts followed, one landing on Dinah's cheek before the last few just ran down his cock, covering Dinah's hand. "That's it, that's my boy," she said.

Janet slumped back in the chair, the last orgasm shuddering through her body. "That was incredible," she at last gasped out to the smiling Dinah who was still sliding her hand up and down Mark's cock, now slippery with his come. Dinah got up and retrieve a wet towel to clean Mark and herself up. Janet stood on shaky legs and gathered up her clothes. "Much better than "the Blob" they're showing in the galley." Janet stopped at the foot of the bed and rubbed Mark's foot. "Sleep good," she said. "Thanks," she said to Dinah, "I'll never forget it." 

Janet slipped back into her cabin and fell into her bunk, fast asleep when her head hit the pillow.

Day 3

Up again the next morning Janet found Dinah in the galley again. "Mark's off already?"

"Gone at dawn", she said. "There was an advanced dive to a wreak and he had to see it."

Not sure how to bring it up Janet stammered a little before quietly saying "Thanks again for last night."

"It was our pleasure, let me assure you," Dinah said. Leaning forward she said "We were so excited he got me off again after you left and then we slept like the dead."

"I used my vibrator this morning," Janet admitted sheepishly. "Thinking about it got me going again..."

"Would you like to try it," Dinah asked?

"Try what?" Janet asked.

Dinah leaned closer still, her breath warm in Janet's ear, "Sucking Mark's cock."

Whether it was Dinah's proximity or the idea of Mark's cock Janet wasn't sure but she felt her pussy tingle. "Would you mind. I mean, I'd love to try, but ..."

"We've talked about it a million times, used it in our fantasies. Having another woman pleasure him while I hold and kiss him would really get me excited. As a matter of fact, that first night on deck he was telling me a story of having a brown haired woman suck him off as he fingered me, the idea really set off my orgasm.

"Do you think he'd mind?" Janet asked, partially convinced.

Dinah gave her a "get real" look. "Same time tonight?"

"I'll be there."

The rest of the day sped by, after Mark's return and breakfast they dove together then took a trip to a nearby motu for a look around. The motu, a small island on a reef, was a picture postcard of a deserted tropical island. They snorkeled in the clear warm water, walked completely around the motu on the beach, ate the BBQ the crew had prepared, and finally went back to the boat.

This evening Dinah was rubbing Mark's back when the expected knock came and Dinah answered it, kissing Janet's cheek as she entered the cabin. Mark rolled over as the two women sat on the bed, one on either side of him. Dinah was already naked and suggested to Janet that she remove her top and let Mark rub her back for a bit. Sitting up Mark assisted with the removal then, taking a bottle of vanilla scented lotion, began to massage it into Janet's back. Dinah leaned against Mark's back, watching as her fingers toyed with his nipples. "He's good, isn't he? Dinah asked.

"Hmmmm," Janet answered, feeling her back muscles relax as her pussy moistened.

Fifteen minutes or so passed then Mark said, "Other side," and helped Janet roll over. He started at her feet and rubbed the oil over her legs, firmly kneading as he went. "I could use this after the gym," Janet commented, opening her eyes. With Mark down at her legs she and Dinah smiled at each other face to face. Dinah's hand was between her own legs, slowly stroking her pussy. Dinah just smiled, "I get a massage almost every night."

As he rubbed up Janet's legs he also parted them, a motion she readily assisted. From this vantage, in addition to the vanilla, he could also smell her excited pussy. When he reached the bottom of her loose shorts he indicated with a slight touch for her to raise her hips and he smoothly slid the shorts off her. Her pussy was now shaven, too, but with a dark patch of curly hair at the top rather than Dinah's red one. He swept one finger lightly across the lips and they opened like a flower., then he ignored her wanton pussy and continued up her body. She moved her hand to stroke her pussy but Mark caught her by the wrist and stopped her. "Hands above your head or I stop," he said. "Or I tie you up," he added with a smile.

Resigned to his slow pace Janet raised her hands above her head as Mark began caressing her breasts. First one, then the other with agonized slowness, he stroked, lightly raked with his fingernails, and finally pinched the straining nipple of each breast. Though she could only see Dinah's face she knew her hand was still working her own pussy by the way slight shudders would pass through her. Dinah's other hand was on Mark's now hard cock, rubbing it through his shorts.

Mark's hand eventually (finally, Janet thought) made it's way back to her sopping wet pussy. The fingers of one hand entered her; fucking her, finding her G-spot, they gently stroking it. The other hand was assigned to her clit, lightly tapping, slowly swirling and gently rubbing. 

By this time Dinah had left Mark's cock, and the bed, and was sitting on the chair for a better view, her legs spread wide. Her fingers rapidly stroked her clit, occasionally moving to her mouth for additional lubrication then returning to her pussy.

Janet's hands clutched the headboard, as Dinah's had done the previous night, knuckles white as pleasures unknown wracked her body. Working her pussy with one hand and her breasts with the other Mark took her to the edge of orgasm, then backed off. Time and time again. "Don't ya hate that?" Dinah asked, resting in the chair, her own orgasm completed.

"Oh, gawd, I want to come so bad," Janet whined.

"And so you shall, rightttttttt, now," Mark answered, with a furious movement of his fingers.

Janet's orgasm was all consuming, her body flexed and writhed as Mark slowed his attack on her clit, playing it like a master musician, keeping the orgasm going longer than Janet could remember, longer than she thought was possible. Wave after wave of indescribable pleasure coursed through her body until, totally spent, she collapsed her legs and rolled onto her side, into Dinah's warm embrace. 

She lost track of time briefly, totally content between Mark and Dinah's embracing bodies, aware of them stroking her face and hair. At last, returning to the present, she smiled up at them. "That was incredible, stupendous, amazing. My feet are still tingling."

Mark and Dinah leant over her and kissed each other, then Mark kissed Janet, his mouth and tongue warm and soft with hers. Dinah kissed her, too, and as soft and gentle as Mark had been, Dinah's kiss was more so. Had she not been totally spent Janet knew her pussy would have responded to the kiss.

But she was spent and she contented herself with caressing Dinah's breast. They lay there, the three of them for an indeterminable amount of time before Janet reached behind her and felt Mark's now soft cock. There was a wet spot on the front of his shorts where the precum had soaked through during his earlier excitement. "Look's like this little guy needs some waking up!" she said brightly, rolling over and pushing Mark onto his back. Dinah slipped over her, the touch of her naked body against Janet's surprising them both in its stimulating effects.

"Now," Dinah said, "the key to satisfying a cock, at least this cock," as she tugged Mark's shorts off, "is to start by just touching it, all over, and don't forget his balls, right here." Dinah extended one finger and began stroking the very bottom of his sack. His cock began its rise. Janet moved Dinah's hand away and replaced it with hers.

"I learn best by doing," Janet said.

Dinah slipped up and laid her head on Mark's shoulder and the two of them watched Janet's progress. Precum flowed profusely from the head of his cock. Janet dipped her finger in it, tasted it, then rubbed it over the head of his cock. Mark closed his eyes and Dinah played with his nipples. Janet stroked his entire cock with her fingertips, sharing a chuckle with Dinah as Janet found the spots on his cock that would make it jump when touched. Staring straight into Dinah's, looking for any hint of jealousy (and finding none) Janet took a long slow lick across the top of Mark's cock, wiping all the precum away as her hand encircled and stroked up and down the shaft. Mark's body arched as his hand moved down to Janet's head. "uh, uh, uhhhhh, hands over your head or I stop," Janet teased. "Or we tie you up," Dinah added.

Mark's hands went back over his head and Janet resumed. "Lick his balls," Dinah suggested. Janet did so and noted that when she was finished they had drawn up into a nice tight package. "Now for what we've all been waiting for," Dinah said. Janet's hand grasped the base of the throbbing cock in her hand and, again looking at Dinah, licked the head of the cock then slid it into her mouth as far as she could take it. Closing her lips about it she bobbed her head up and down, letting her saliva generously lubricate it. Her hand picked up where her mouth left off, sliding up and down.
