 CHAPTER ONE

He shifted from foot to foot and held a sign reading "Angie Bowman." It was nine a. m. at O'Hara International airport. Finally, passengers were pouring out of the run way, past the counter, and into the walkway. A tall gorgeous brunette wearing her hair in a pony tail and a sexy deep cut V-neck sweater, a matching knee length skirt and four inch hells walked up to him. 

"I'm Angie, who the fuck are you? She asked angrily'

"Shealy, Rick Shealy, Bob Crane asked me to pick you up."

"Where the fuck is he?"

"Something came up about the party. I think the caterer backed out at the last minute."

"You'll have to do," she said, "I'm horny as hell. I've been thinking about a quickie since leaving Dallas. Let's go," she took him by the arm heading toward the terminal.

"I'm sorry for the inconvenience."

"If you're as good as you look it's not a problem,"she said, pulling him into the Southwest frequent flyer lounge and toward the ladies restroom.

He stopped as she walked in.

She turned saying, "Don't tell me you've never made out in a ladies restroom?"

He shook his head.

"Come on," she said, pulling him in, locking the door, and kicking off her shoes. "Get it out Rick, I can't wait too long."

His cock was only semi-rigid.

"That will do the trick," she said, "dropping to her knees, sucking him into her mouth.

He was soon breathing heavily as her tongue and mouth had him hard as a rock and beginning to have that feeling.

"That's hard enough," she said, turned around, pulled her skirt to the middle of her back, wet her pussy with some saliva, spread her legs, and pulled her panties away from her entrance. "Give it to me Rick. Give it to me right now."

Rick wasn't one to pass up a piece of ass but this was the girlfriend of one of his best friends. He hesitated.

"Damn it," she said, leaning back, pulling him to her opening, and shoved herself onto him. 

He responded by grabbing her by the hips and drove his extra-long and wide cock deep into her. Standing flat footed, he rammed her over and over.

"Damn, you're good Rick, keep going," she moaned, dropping her head to a counter top and elevating her ass.

She was grunting with each forward stroke, and wiggling from side to side. 

Rick reached around and rubbed her clit. She exploded in a frenzy of movement and he held on until he came with a rush filling her cavity with spurt after spurt of his liquid.

When he fell from her she turned, sat down, and stared into his dark brown eyes. "You've got one hell of a dick. I can't imagine having a better fuck than that this weekend. Now I'm glad Bob sent you to pick me up.

CHAPTER TWO

The stopped at the baggage claim to pick up her luggage: two large blue containers with wheels. He led her through the terminal, to the parking lot, and his red 2010 Ford 250. 

"You have an extended cab?" She asked, "I've never been fucked in one of those. Can you get it up again?"

He looked at her dumbfounded, "Are you a nympho?"

"Why do you ask?"

"Just wondering, it hasn't been twenty minutes sine we did it. Should I put your luggage in the cab or the bed of the truck?"

"In the truck's bed," she said, hopping into the back of the cab and pulling her blouse over her head.

Rick tossed the cases into the truck and climbed in the driver's side.

Her bra was off and her skirt and panties were lying on the floor. "Come on slow poke, I want that cock of yours."

"In the parking lot in daylight?"

"Yes, right here and right now. No one is going to bother us."

He started the car, turned on the air conditioner, and crawled into the back. "I've used this cab before but not in the middle of the day."

"It's not that early, she said, leaning forward unzipping his jeans, fishing his dick from his pants and sucking it into her mouth.

While she sucked, he leaned over her back and fondled her ample breasts and hardened her nipples. When she came up for air, he arched his back, and pulled his jeans and shorts to his knees. "If you want to ride, ride this," he said, holding his erection upright.

She straddled him and lowered herself on to his rod with a low moan, "Damn, I like your cock. Can we take the weekend for ourselves? I think you would be as much fun as an orgy."

"It's bad enough I'm fucking one of my best friend's girls, but we are not spending the weekend together because I'm going to deliver you to Bob."

"Damn it, okay but I'm going to enjoy you as long as I can," she said, launching herself back and forth on his cock. 

She was really good at what she did, and he leaned back and watched her beautiful face with her eyes closed and her breasts bouncing in all direction.

When she slowed, he pulled her forward taking one breast in his mouth and the other in his hand. He sucked like a new-born calf with a great deal of pressure and shaking his head from side to side. 

"Damn, you're good at that too."

He switched breasts devouring her nipple with his mouth and massaging the other nipple with his thumb. She was breathing rapidly and sighing.

"If you keep that up, I'm going to come."

He sucked and strummed harder.

Her body stiffened; she propelled herself up and down on his staff and with a muffled howl she climaxed.

"Aren't you ever going to come?"

"Not in this position, but I'm enjoying this. Lean back on your arms and fuck me."

She supported her torso with her hand and pumped herself up and down on his dick.

He smiled and appreciated what she was doing. Her pelvis vaulted forward and back on his pole, and her breasts flipped and flopped from side to side and back to front. It was mentally rousing watching her but not bringing him closer to an orgasm. He placed his thumb on her clit and encouraged her as she moved. She humped him for a long time before stopping, shuddering, and climaxing with a shriek.

Rick pulled her to his lap, stood, and placed her on her back.

"Oh, that was great but my arms were killing me while you pleased my pussy."

Spreading her legs, he pushed them above her head, and went into auto pilot. He plowed her pussy like a farmer in a John Deere. She grunted WITH each stroke and he continued she changed from grunts to yes, yes, yes, and oh god, oh god, oh god. Howling, she climaxed but he didn't stop-- in and out, back and forth, and up and down he moved. Sweat streamed from his face, the muscles in his arms quivered from his efforts, and his expression was like the Sphinx—focused. He concentrated on fucking her until the feeling of his flesh rubbing against her flesh brought him to a point where he lost control and with one final thrust he filled her depth with his fluids.

CHAPTER THREE

"I'm hungry. You fucked me until I ran out of calories."

"I could eat too but are you talking about real food?"

"Yes, I need something to get my mouth around," she laughed, moving her hand to his groin. 

"Do you like Subway, there's one not too far from here."

"I liked your train in my subway, but a meatball sub would taste really good right now."

"Do you have a one track mind?"

"I'm not any different than you," she said.

He drove fast maneuvering through traffic until he reached the restaurant.

They waited in a long line. She ordered a meatball sub on whole wheat and he got the cold cut on nine grain bread. After picking up their drinks they sat at a table at the back of the sandwich shop.

"Does Bob know you fool around on him?"

"Who do you think this orgy is for?"

"Bob, who else?"

"He's got a little dick, so we swing and go to orgies so I can get a good screwing once in a while."

"I thought he was a cocksman? At least that's what he's always suggested."

"Wrong word, he's a player with a high libido but he's not a great lay. I love him not for his dick, but because he treats me well and will do almost anything for me." 

"Does that mean you're a kinky gold digger?"

"Kinky yes gold digger no. I'm with him because of the fucking!"

"Any time, any place?" He asked, finishing his sandwich.

"I like to fuck In a variety of places, like the back of your truck."

"So you don't care who but where?"

"Ya, you have a special place in mind?"

"You'll never guess," he said, rubbing his knee against her thigh. 

"You like that don't you?"

"I like it better a little higher up. If you're finished let's going I have a place in mind."

They drove for about thirty minutes while chatting about nothing specific. She snuggled close and fondled his crotch. "I'd like to spend the rest of the weekend with you."

"Not a chance, but I do have a special place in mind," he said, pulling into an alley behind a long row of buildings.

"What kind of place?"

"You'll find out soon," he said. After parking his truck, he led her into a green door, and into a room filled with the overwhelming aroma of flowers.

"It's a flower shop."

"You're as observant as you are beautiful."

They walked through a cool storage area into a show room.

"Rick, what are you doing here? And who is the lovely creature with you?"

"Warren this is Angie Bowman, Bob Crane's girlfriend."

"Damn, I never catch a break."

She extended her hand and Warren took it. "Wow! You have great hands would you like to learn how to arrange flowers?"

"Not right now, maybe some other time."

"Warren can we use you're office for thirty minutes?"

He looked at Rick and Angie and smiled a knowing smile. "Sure take all the time you want. "I've lots of arrangement to prepare."

Rick took her by the hand and led her into the office. It was large with a desk, a file cabinet, and the scent of flowers. He went to the far wall, pulled a leather strap, and a bed slowly came out of the wall to the floor.

"Get undressed you're going to get fucked in a flower shop."

"Great, I've never done it in a place like this."

They undressed rapidly, Rick directed her to lie on the bed with her head hanging over the edge.

"Why do you want me in that position?"

"You're about to find out," he said, lying her on the bed, fondling her large breasts hanging like stalactites from her chest.

"You've got great hands," she said, as he caressed her tits and hardened her nipples with his thumbs.

With one hand he guided his cock to her mouth. "Work on the head."

She opened her mouth, licked his precum, kissed the tip of his cock, and worshiped it with her lips. Over and over she slurped on and off the head of his dick.

He watched as she sucked the bulbous head and sighed at the sight and stimulation. "Damn you're good," he said, as he pushed his shaft into her mouth. He fucked her face gently, before leaning over to take a nipple into his mouth. He sucked the nipple, backed off and blew on the wet teat, while fondling her other breast.

She wiggled under him and stroked him faster.

He responded by taking her other nub into his mouth, licking, sucking, biting, and applying more pressure. He brought her nipple to the hardness of a diamond. At the same time he rubbed the other nipple with his thumb, before pinching it hard.

She spat his out. "Damn that hurts."

The respite was welcomed because she was doing a good job of arousing him. He shifted breasts and massaged her nipple vigorously and reinserted his cock into her mouth. Fucking her mouth, sucking on a breast, he moved his hand to her snatch.

She jerked away from his hand but settled down as he ran her finger up and down her slit. As he slipped a finger into her pussy, she jerked again and spat him out and groaned. His finger explored her canal before finding her G-spot on the upper inside of her walls. She groaned when he found it, applied pressure, and drew small circles around her inner hot spot.

She groaned continuously when he probed her mouth with his cock until she accepted it while at the same time he moved to her body pushing his head between her legs and his tongue, like a snake, sought and found her clit. 

His cock in her mouth, one hand plucking a nipple, the other rubbing her G-spot, and his tongue playing with her clit as though it was an off-on switch.

She spit him from her mouth, writhed as though she was experiencing an earthquake, as she climaxed. She screamed. "Stop, stop, oh god stop, I can't take it any longer.

He stood up, swung her around, spread her legs, lifted them into the air, and plunged his hot rod into her quivering pussy. She groaned when he entered her juice covered lips. He never stopped moving until he released a torrent of sperm into her cavity. She screamed as he continued grinding into her.

Finally, he finished, stood, went to the door calling "Warren."

"That was better than the first two times," she said. Angie looked up," What's going on?"

"You told me anyone, anywhere, so I thought you might like to entertain Warren for a while."

"Why would I want to do that?"

"Show her Warren."

Don dropped his pants and shorts revealing a long, thick, limp cock.

She smiled. Come here Warren I want to see what it looks like erect. She stroked him a few times before taking it in her mouth. When he was fully erect she said, "Take a long shower Rick."

He left, but soon heard her moaning and groaning through the bathroom door. After dressing, he called Bob to see how his arrangements where coming. He was still trying to get a caterer and a few sex toys. 

"Bob before you hang up, I've got a friend that would enjoy meeting Angie. Do you mind if I have him attend?

"No, tell him to come. I want this to be the best orgy I've ever put together."

"How about we save my guy for the end. He's built like an NFL lineman and has the endurance and stamina of a stallion. I believe he and Angie will put on a show that'll be the highlight of the orgy."

CHAPTER FOUR

Angie came out of the shower. "God damn, Warren is an animal. Between the two of you, I'm about played out."

"That better not be true, the orgy doesn't start until nine, and I have plans for us, for you. Besides it's only two thirty.

"What kind of plans?" She asked, as they walked to his truck.

"We're going to a friend's house, who lives in a suburb called Lisle. It's closer to the place where Bob is making preparations.

"Does he fuck as well as you do?"

"That's for you to decide."

The traffic was light for that time of day and they arrived sooner than expected.

Ned's house was typical of Lisle. It was a three bedroom ranch constructed of brick, with a small fount yard.

He met them at the door in a pair of shorts and bare chest.

Rick made the introductions.

"Wow, Rick told me you were a looker and built for pleasure, but he didn't tell the truth. You're one hot fucking babe. Come on the Jacuzzi is waiting."

"A Jacuzzi that's just what I need," she said.

They walked to the master bedroom, and through the sliding glass door to a deck with the bubbling pool. They undressed and climbed into the bubbling hot water. 

Rick and Ned sat on one side of the pool and Angie sat on the other. It took a few minutes o acclimatized themselves to the heat. The guys watched her hooters floating on the water. Ned was transfixed.

"I've already fucked her three time, so she's all yours."

"Are you kidding me?"

"No." 

"Why am I sitting here," he asked, to no one in particular.

In seconds, Ned was sitting next to Angie.

"She looked at Ned and rubbed his cock under water." What do you think?"

"I think were I'm luckiest guy in town."

"Your right, you're in luck I'm going to fuck you," she said, kissing him.

Rick closed his eyes listening to the bubbling water and sloppy kisses. When the two of them were splashing around, he looked up and saw towels and lubricants on a lounge chair. He laughed to himself knowing Ned had made preparations. Above the noise, he heard her moan. Looking in their direction, he saw Ned's mouth clamped on the end of her breast and his arm and hand between her legs. Rick waded out of the pool, dried himself, and walked into the house.

He found his cell phone and punched in a number and waited. "Hank, this is Rick. How would you like to come to an orgy tonight? I've got you set up to do a white chick who'se exactly your type—gorgeous, stacked and willing."

"I'm free tonight. Thanks for thinking of me."

"It starts at nine in Lombard. The address is ninety-three Long Leaf Drive. I'll be looking for you. I'd like you to be a surprise her. How does that idea sound?" 

"I think, I'll be more than that to her."

Rick laughed at his response. "I'll be on the lookout for you about midnight."

He walked outside just in time to see Ned roll off of Angie.

"Rick come ove rhere. I need some help. It'll take me a few minutes to be ready again."

"Ya, get over here I need a cock in my pussy," Angie said.

Ned pulled her to the end of the lounge, and stuck his cum covered dick into her mouth. "You drill her until I'm ready."

Rick unenthusiastically stroked himself erect, climbed onto the lounge and slipped his cock into a slimy but still tight pussy. He drilled slowly watching Ned roughly fondle her breasts while she sucked his dick

She pulled away from Ned saying, "Come on Rick you can do better than that."

Rick pounded her hard for several minutes when Ned stood with his erection in hand. "Okay, it's my turn and he rolled her on to her stomach and applied KY Jelly and sank as deep into her pussy as he could.

Walking to the bedroom, Rick turned back to see Ned flaying away. He took a shower and dressed.

CHAPTER FIVE

When Ned couldn't keep it up any longer, they showered and got back into the Jacuzzi. Later Angie and Ned napped until seven while Rick made phone calls and checked his email.

"Are you rested?" Rick asked, when Angie came out of the bedroom.

"I could use some more sleep, but I can tell he worked me over. Ned's an animal. I don't know how many time he climaxed. 

"He aims to please. We have about two hours before we need to be in Lombard. What would you like to eat?"

"Pizza sounds good."

"Great all of us like Italian, and there's a Pizza Hut only a few blocks from here."

The restaurant was crowded, and Angie created a stir among the male customers with her cleavage revealing blouse, and mid-thigh skirt. They sat in a booth, Ned and Angie played kneesie and Rick rubbed his arm along the side of her breasts as they ate.

How many people do you think Bob will have at this event?" She asked, looking at Rick.

"I don't know, but from the size of the house I would guess between fifty and sixty."

She laughed. "I guess I'll have lots of choices."

"Probably so and I believe he has a special treat for you."

"Does that mean he's going to fuck me with his little wiener?"

"I have no idea. Ned and I provided the entertainment so the bill is yours."

"I knew I'd get stuck with the bill."

"Rick, you're really good at living on other guy's money," Ned said, picking up the check, patting Angie on the butt and punching Rick on the arm.

Rick drove through the busy traffic between the eastern and western suburbs of Chicago. Ned and Angie sat in the back necking. Rick drove from a main drag to a long winding road with a few large homes on either side. At the end of the street was a cul-de-sac with an enormous granite constructed mansion. Before he pulled into the long circular drive way he heard Ned moaning with pleasure as Angie sucked him off.

They parked a long way from the entrance because of the number of vehicles lining both sides of the roadway. 

Angie snuggled up to Rick as they walked to the entrance and asked," Are you going to take advantage of my charms this evening?"

"Probably not, I don't like orgies. Threesomes and foursomes are okay but beyond that it's too much like an assembly line. I usually wander around and watch unless there's someone I can be one on one with, but that doesn't happen often at these events."  
