 The woods are ours. We frequently return there to perpetuate our illicit relationship. The thrill of indulging our increasingly perverted pleasures outside, where we may so easily be caught, merely adds to the excitement of our lovemaking. 

Only on this occasion, muffled – but ill-disguised – moans greet our entrance to the woods. You hush me, eyebrows raised, ears pricked, in eager anticipation of what awaits us. Slowly, carefully, we creep towards the source of the unexpected noises. The moans are unmistakably human – both male and female. Today, we have clearly been beaten to it. Someone else has had the same idea as us. The woods are no longer our own.

I take your hand and lead you towards the din. I feel my cock tenting in my trousers. You, too, are becoming increasingly aroused at the possibilities that await us. The noises intensify – in part because we are closing in on their source, and in part because the copulating couple are becoming more urgent in their activities. Through the leaves I can make out two semi-naked bodies intertwined on a picnic rug on the ground not ten metres from us. I take a further tentative step forward, striving to achieve the best possible view of them, and in doing so loudly snap a brittle, half-rotten branch under my shoes. We both freeze, holding our collective breath, expecting the couple to turn around and discover us. But they don't. Apparently oblivious to our voyeuristic presence, they carry on.

They are at two o'clock to us, almost side-on, but with both sets of legs closest to us. I first see him. Trousers around his ankles, his smooth, muscular ass is exposed to the elements and to our prurient gaze. A crumpled white T shirt beside him, nearest to us, he is topless ... broad shoulders glistening with perspiration in the dappled sunlight through the canopy of leaves, muscles flexing on his back with every thrusting movement of his pelvis towards his lover, he is the picture of alpha-masculinity. Beneath him, with long, slender legs spread wide apart, encouraging his strenuous efforts, is the fully naked body of a young girl, clawing with escalating fervency at his back. Her throaty groans belie her delicate appearance. Her slim, lithesome body is overwhelmed by his athletic bulk, with breasts proportionate to her overall physique ... pert, firm, shapely, alluring ... substantially smaller than the heavy, impressive rack that crushes into me as you reach to release my sizeable erection from my trousers.

One arm cradles my chest as you start to stroke slowly up and down on my vertical penis with your curled fingers. Although it was I who initially corrupted you, you have in the past couple of years proved an enthusiastic learner, eager to push boundaries, and your brazenness never fails to arouse me. We are so close to them, so easily discovered, and yet it is no impediment to you. Maintaining a steady rhythm on my cock, you unbutton my shirt to expose my broad upper chest. "Well what do we have here?"  you whisper mischievously in my ear, barely able to contain your sense of exhilaration at the delicious sight before us.  "Mmm! She's hot, isn't she?"  you add, stating the blatantly obvious. I nod in agreement.  "...And he's not bad either, eh?"  you continue. I nod again. Massaging my naked chest and shoulders, your pace increases on my cock. I start to moan softly, but – aware that I may disturb the young lovers – I try to stifle my moans.

The muscular stud pushes more firmly into her, instantly eliciting a more vocal response from her. Her grunts are periodically transformed into unabashed shrieks of pleasure. Soon she is urging him into still greater exertion:  "Yeah honey! ... That's it! ... Do me! ... Fuck me baby! ... Don't stop! ... Please don't stop! ... Oh it's so good! ... Oh yes! ... Yeah fuck me! ... Fuck me harder! ... Oh my God! ... I love you babe! ... I love you so much! ... Oh yes! ... Oh FUCK me!"  She looks so innocent. No older than 18 or 19, I estimate. But she is clearly neither shy nor inexperienced. Pushing her pelvis upwards to meet him as he pushes down and into her, they build up a perfect rhythm, thus maximising the extent of penetration. Their connection is spellbinding, almost poetic ... two incomparably beautiful bodies merged as one. 

I usher you in front of me. I need to fuck you. I need to take you from behind. Carefully manoeuvring you into position, my left hand hitches your skirt above your waist, pushes your knickers to one side, and slips two fingers easily inside your saturated pussy. I venture upwards with them, massaging your clit expertly, just as you like it. You whimper audibly, but the lovers are not distracted. You gaze longingly at the girl, marvelling at her sublime physique, admiring her every movement, her surprising innate strength. How one so slight of build can keep pace with the superb, imposing physical specimen of her lover is beyond you – a sublime mystery. 

I thrust deeper inside you, half lifting you from your feet, but steadying you with my other hand. Unable to withhold your arousal, you groan out loud. I freeze again. Still no response from the lovers. They are utterly absorbed in each other. 

You are so, so wet ... so ready for me, as I am for you. Bending my knees slightly, I guide my thick, hard shaft into position, so that it nudges at the outer folds of your pussy. Slowly you sink downwards, engulfing my erection inch by inch within you, emitting a contented sigh as you do so. God it feels so good! It ALWAYS feels so good! Slowly, carefully I feed myself in and out of you. With each movement, you make more satisfied noises. Goose pimples devour your flesh – not because it is cold, but because you are revelling in our situation. With one hand on your hip, my other tears open your blouse and starts to explore your ample, heaving chest. Your nipples are like bullets, projecting not far shy of half an inch from the firm, fleshy mounds that I worship so fervently. I have always loved the almost freakish protrusion of your nipples ... but today they feel bigger and harder than ever. 

One-handedly, I unclip your bra, thus releasing the immense pressure your breasts are exerting upon it, and drop it onto the ground carelessly. Free from their confinement at last, your large, shapely breasts tumble out, bouncing heavily a couple of times, before regaining their equilibrium. But my hands cannot stay away from them for long. I grasp one in each hand, gently squeezing them as I caress those imperious nipples between my fingers, and thrust my cock powerfully forward.

You push backwards to accommodate the full seven inches of my manhood, right up to the hilt ... and then it happens. You can no longer contain yourself. Throwing your head back, with a shrill cry of pleasure, you announce our presence to the young lovers.

Startled, like rabbits in headlights, they turn as one towards us. The girl tries to cover herself, but it is a futile gesture. No garments are within her immediate grasp, so she uses her lover in a forlorn attempt to shield herself and thus preserve her modesty. We, too, suddenly freeze ... caught red-handed. There is an uncomfortable stand-off for seconds that feel like minutes, or longer still. But I am not about to capitulate now. Re-gathering my composure, looking directly at them, I start to thrust in and out of you once more. You respond. You feel an immense sense of liberation as you offer your dripping pussy to me, the watchers becoming the watched all of a sudden. Soon, we are fucking shamelessly, wantonly, brazenly in front of them, knowing their eyes are fixed intently, in astonishment, upon us. 

Undeterred by their apparent bewilderment, you look directly into the eyes of the girl, and something remarkable happens. An extraordinary moment of connection between you. An unspoken and yet – to you – utterly tangible spark is lit between you. She breaks into a smile. Instinctively, provoked by her, you smile back. You have never been truly intimate with another of your own gender before ... but in that instant you achieve a whole new perspective. It is as though the entire world stands still for a few precious seconds that you wish could last a lifetime. Suddenly nothing else matters but you and her. She mouths words at you that you instantly recognise:  "Fuck me! ... Fuck me! ... Fuck me!"  over and over again, almost like a mantra ... but with such passion, such intensity, such depth of feeling. It is as though your whole life has been building up to this one, magnificent moment, and you feel totally overwhelmed by the enormity of the occasion. All else is expunged from your mind and from your vision. You know there and then that you want her, like nothing you have ever wanted before, that you MUST have her ... and more, you realise that your feelings are entirely reciprocated.

As I carry on fucking you, you are, in your own mind, being fucked by her. Your eyes are locked onto hers, almost magnetically. Your smile broadens, inspiring hers to do likewise, and the silent conspiracy between you deepens. She grinds her pussy upwards again, and her gorgeous young stud – himself no more than in his mid-20's – resumes his former activity, tentatively at first, but with gradually increasing enthusiasm and vigour.

 "Yeah, fuck her!"  you bark out.  "Fuck the lovely slut! ... Fuck her harder, damn you!" 

Still smiling, although through increasingly gritted teeth as her boyfriend obeys your command, she remains fixated upon you, drinking in your magnificent beauty, gawping open-mouthed at your impressive breasts. Her dazzling blue eyes sparkle with mischief. She moistens her lips in anticipation. A wicked, feline grin curls contentedly on her face ... the cat that craves – and fully expects to get – the cream! She flicks stray strands of long, silky, straight blonde hair from her face. Although her boyfriend is giving everything within his power to please her, it is no longer him she truly craves. As he lavishes her with all the love he can muster, he fails to realise how utterly smitten she has become with you. He fails properly to understand that your two souls have just united, and that your flesh will surely soon become one. The fuse has been lit and a momentous explosion awaits. 

I release my grip on your breasts. My hands now pull you from behind further onto my hard cock, leaving your boobs to sway and bounce freely, unfettered. Your pussy gratefully accepts its entire length again, and you feel utterly, deliciously full. I know exactly how to fuck you – hard, fast and furious – and within a few seconds that familiar feeling wells up inside you. Rising from deep within you, leaving no part untouched, you shudder climactically, releasing a still greater flow of your juices to envelop my straining dick and to pour liberally down your inner thighs. I love how wet you become when sufficiently provoked ... but this time you far exceed all precedents. Screaming a torrent of obscenities, your orgasm persists. For fully two minutes – or even more – you remain in its thrall, transporting you to heaven and holding you there ... until finally, exhausted both by its longevity and its brutal intensity, you collapse into my waiting arms. You feel light-headed, close to fainting even, but in a state of extraordinary elation.

Your performance serves only to inspire the Sapphic object of your lust and her partner. They have already been pumping each other without respite or realignment for a good ten minutes or more even while we have been watching. With epic stamina, they continue their athletic lovemaking. Impaled by her lover's impressively hard cock, you now see she too is precariously close. A look almost of distress upon her face, she reaches out to you with one hand – her other is wrapped tightly around her boyfriend's taut, muscular frame, as though clinging on desperately for life itself. Although you are reluctant to extract yourself from me, you long to touch and to be touched by her. Slowly, almost hypnotically, you step out of the crumpled heap of your skirt that has gathered on the floor (although, in your stupour, you do not recall how it came to be there), slip elegantly out of your knickers, and walk over to her. Her lover doesn't falter for a second in spite of your sudden presence alongside him – screwing up his handsome face in concentration, his entire focus is upon pounding her with every ounce of energy in his youthful, athletic body. Her expression is one of sheer desperation as her eyes plead silently amidst her moans for your attention. The urge to kiss her is irresistible.

I whisper into her lover's ear words that you cannot discern. He stops his incessant pounding momentarily, lifting her long, coltish legs above his broad, well-defined shoulders. Your hand glides delicately, lovingly across her right cheek bone, which she nuzzles against your hand, signalling to you that your attentions are entirely welcome. Suitably encouraged, you plant a series of butterfly kisses on her, revelling in the soft sensation of her lips upon yours. The young stallion now starts once more to thrust his considerable length inside her. Something makes him moan even more animalistically than he did before, although you are so enchanted with the slender, fragile-looking beauty beneath him that you decline to investigate why, preferring instead to feast your disbelieving eyes on her pure, unblemished, porcelain flesh. You pause to admire her petite but perfectly formed breasts with their hard, avidly protruding nipples ... musing to yourself what impeccable imagination could have contrived to create such a divine creature.

His thrusts deepen, but it is some altogether different intervention that makes her suddenly jolt forward and cry out loud as if in pain. Only now do you look down and see a single male digit that you surmise must be mine penetrating her tight anus. She offers no resistance, but she is visibly trembling. You offer solace to her, placing another soft kiss on her lips as you gently caress her pert breasts.

As I slide my forefinger in and out of her virginal ass, she grimaces. You begin to find some perverse pleasure in her pain, and urge me to penetrate her more severely. She looks at you pleadingly, as if dismayed by your betrayal, but this does not deter you. Sensing her vulnerability, you kiss her more deeply, pinching her already startlingly erect nipples hard with your thumbs and forefingers, causing her to squirm violently beneath you.

Her boyfriend picks up the pace of his thrusts, his face visibly reddening above you, beads of his sweat dripping onto you. I place myself beside the young harlot, sandwiching her between you and me, albeit now with TWO fingers thrusting enthusiastically into her anus. She holds my fingers in a vice-like grip with her sphincter muscles, as if determined – in spite of the pain of the intrusion – not to release them.

With my free hand, I caress her lover's clenched buttocks. Surprisingly, he doesn't blanch or object. If anything he appears to enjoy my intervention. Sensing this, I gamble on kissing him fully on his lips. He willingly accepts my affections, opening his mouth compliantly to invite my tongue in. The girl looks up at us, shocked at the spectacle of her boyfriend embracing another male. You, too, are spellbound by the display, just inches from your face. It is only when the young siren stretches upwards to kiss you that your eyes are torn from us. With renewed passion, she forces her tongue into your mouth and wrestles with your tongue.

Her stud rams into her even more aggressively now, as I remove my fingers from her cute butt hole and gently squeeze his balls. It is enough to tip him over the edge, as, with a mighty groan, he shoots his voluminous load deep inside her. His sticky fluid fills her completely, triggering the most intense orgasm of her entire youthful existence. Screaming uncharacteristic obscenities, she thrusts herself upwards to meet him, lifting her cute butt high into the air to ensure the maximum possible penetration by him. With resources of strength that appear incongruous with her slight physique, she holds herself up in that position – her pussy throbbing violently – while her climax persists, amazingly, for what seems like minutes rather than seconds.

The sight is too awesome for words. The contorted, almost delirious, expression on each of their faces as they orgasm simultaneously is indescribably beautiful. We catch each other's eyes as we witness at close quarters this most tumultuous of explosions, each appreciating how deliciously horny the sight is making the other. As they enter the final throes of their combined passion, I can restrain myself no longer. Diving down to their conjoined private parts, I greedily lap away at their excess juices as they pour copiously out of her pussy, even with him still inside her – there is surely no finer taste in humanity than the combination of male and female juices!

Occasionally I allow my tongue to stray wickedly to each of their butt holes, but the majority of my attention is focused on the meeting of her sex and his, tonguing her pussy with him still inside. She claws me closer, mustering unknown resources within herself as she feels another climax brewing. With my tongue, I feel he is still hard. You watch on in awe and admiration. This time it is your finger that slides into her saturated – but still fabulously tight – anus. Within seconds she responds, and in the most dramatic fashion.

She goes rigid again, holding him inside her as my tongue battles to slurp at her quivering cunt. I feel a new flood of juices washing over my face – never have I witnessed a girl quite as wet as her. She holds this, her second climax in short order, for a glorious eternity, before collapsing again, spent utterly, back onto the ground.

This time, his semi-erect penis slips messily out of her, still glistening with their combined orgasms. I waste no time in wrapping my wanton lips around it. Even without his full hard-on, he is big, filling my mouth completely. You sense your opportunity and dive down to her abandoned pussy, savouring its salty-sweet flavour and the remarkable abundance of liquid still trapped inside. My eyes catch yours and we exchange wicked grins. I offer his freshly hardening cock to you – a gift you enthusiastically accept. In tandem, we slide our tongues lasciviously up both sides of its impressive length, meeting at its tip, where we kiss passionately. 

My cock is so incredibly hard now, straining, throbbing, demanding satisfaction. I nudge the young buck to one side and turn the girl's now limp body effortlessly over so that she is on her knees and completely at my mercy. She is so petite, so slight – little more than half my weight. With no hesitation or prologue, I roughly shove my entire length inside her in one powerful thrust. Despite our relative sizes, she takes me with ease, no doubt sufficiently loosened by the recent pounding of her boyfriend's substantial erection.

(to be continued)