 "Woodrow!" I heard the shrill voice call out from the patio door. "Woodrow? I seem to have made a big ol' mess of myself.

In real life, Brooke was a lovely woman. A refined mother of three who volunteered at the school, spoke quietly, and baked cookies. On Saturday nights though, or at least Saturday nights when she was at a party, Brooke started by putting away two quick vodka sodas and let the volume of her voice go positively off the charts. She must have finished her second drink because she was sauntering her way out of the kitchen but ass naked with chocolate sauce drizzled across her bountiful chest. It was dripping down her belly and onto the concrete and I hoped she had gotten outside before it had started to run. Woody was holding court in the pool. There were three other couples floating around on noodles and he stood in the shallow end, his waist just below the water, his full six foot four frame extending out of the water. He wore is straw cowboy hat and sunglasses and was swishing a bourbon and coke that was almost entirely coke as he entertained the ladies floating around him with s story about our snorkeling disaster.

I loved to watch him. He was just a big giant oversized teddy bear. He was sweet and charming and a total flirt. I knew I was okay with the lifestyle because I liked fucking. Woody never cared too much about that part of it. I mean, he wasn't going to object, but what Woody liked about the lifestyle was a pool full of naked people that all laughed at his stories and drank his booze. The women all greeted him with a kiss as they arrived, the men would whack him across the back as they left. My husband is an attention whore and when the tall blonde with tits covered in chocolate came bouncing over he tossed his hat to the cool deck and buried his face between her boobs covering himself in the sticky chocolate as well.

I guess it was time for things to get started. I moved from the chair I had been sitting in to the lap of the gentleman sitting beside me. I kissed him and he kissed back, I teased his cock and pressed it between my thighs playfully. He put my breast in his mouth. I started to let myself get worked up and watched my ridiculous husband do his thing.

He had drug Brooke into the water and washed off most of the fondue before propping her up on the edge of the pool. I could just make out the top of his head between her thighs. Another woman, someone new, I think her name was Julie or something like that, had broken herself free of her husband and moved up behind Woody. Her hands were under the water and I imagined she had probably taken to playing with his cock as he pleased my tall friend from the PTO. Another woman, slightly plumper, not as cute also paddled over and also had slipped her hands under the water.

"He's such a slut! I can't even get to him!" Denise, the plumper one called out. I smiled a little at the nickname. I couldn't really be upset. Lou had moved my legs apart and had started to tease me with his fingers.

Say what you want about porn or erotica, there is nothing hotter than watching people fuck. The women in the pool didn't let woody give all his attention to Brooke very long before they had propped him up on a float. He was laying back, his legs in the water while the cute one and the Denise took turns sucking his cock. Should I say fellatio? Probably not, it doesn't sound as sexy. Brooke was wearing his hat now and proclaimed that meant she got first dibs. He liked kissing and he pulled her over to him and as he got sucked off started making out with her. Fuck, I was close. I decided to hold off my first orgasm until I could let a couple happen in a row. I pinched my legs together and devoted my attentions to Lou's, let's call it abundant, cock. I stroked him until it was hard and then settled down on a pool towel between his legs and put on a little show of giving him head. I knew the others around me were watching. I kind of liked that.

I kind of laugh when I think about all the ruled we had when we started. I like to let people think Woody talked me into it but when I really thought about it, I was the one that brought it up. I don't think I took it seriously at first. I had decided he needed to lose weight and bribed him. If he got himself down tot 220, I would go to a club with him. Once we were talking about it, we didn't wait for the diet to kick in. 

We went to that first party with a list of rules we had actually written down. We were soft swap only, meaning no fucking. We both had to be there for anything to happen, and worst of all, no kissing. 

I think I made it about an hour. A very kind southern gentleman did his southern gentleman thing on me and I positively tackled him on the couch. We made out like teenagers. He pawed me like we were in the back of dodge after the big football game. Somehow I had totally lost track of what wood was doing. I couldn't take the teasing much longer and let the old horn dog get me in a bedroom. He was settled in between my legs learning how truly multi orgasmic I could be when Woody finally showed back up. I pulled him to me until I had his cock in my mouth and went on having orgasms for a solid half hour. Before we left I had broken every rule we walked in with, assuming a position on my knees, with Wood's cock in my mouth as the sweet older gentleman plowed into me from behind.

So yes, I was a total slut from the get-go but Woody was no better. We are discriminating swingers. We don't just hop into bed with anyone. We tend to go to parties and they tend to be the parties held by the better-looking lifestylers. The men all seem to stay fit, that is what makes Woody's popularity that much more unusual. He never did get to that 220. In fact, I think he is heavier now than he was then. Having satisfied Lou to conclusion I had gone in search of a glass of wine. I watched Woody, his tan fat belly floating about in the water, his lips and cock pressed to an assortment of women's mouths. 

I have to admit, back at the start, this would have killed me. I still remember clearly that first year, we went to a Halloween party where Woody, dressed as a much taller Jack Sparrow, had been commandeered by another woman the minute we got there. He hadn't even gotten naked when I lost it. He was just dirty dancing and it bothered me. Jealousy getting the better of me, I stormed out the door. Woody must have seen, as he chased me immediately. I think that's all it took. He was instantly and earnestly more worried about me being upset than about missing the party. 

The women were dragging him inside and as he passed me he stopped to chat. He is always considerate like that. He wanted to make sure I was okay. He asked if I was having fun. He always made sure there wasn't some creeper making a pass at me. I told him to go. He grabbed another guy as he went inside, joking about needing reinforcements. I went looking for Pat.

Pat was the reason we stayed in the lifestyle after that Halloween disaster. I really kind of thought I was done. Woody was disappointed but he didn't pout or anything. He did ask me about my fantasy. We had gone to a couple of parties and I'd gotten a taste but I still had a fantasy to fulfill. Years earlier a girlfriend had teased me about how awesome a threesome was. I wanted one. He mentioned it and I said, yeah, sure. Before we stopped for good, I was down with that.

Pat is a girl's name, I know, but Pat isn't a girl. Pat is a carpenter. Pat his thick and muscular where Woody is tall and cuddly. Woody invited Pat to happy hour. I was told I had to be the one to propose it and I did. Pat hungrily accepted the offer and we snuck out of the bar to a hotel room next door.

Woody is a kind and considerate lover. He makes your entire body tingle as he teases you with his fingers. His cock is thick and he fucks as conscientiously as he kisses and caresses. Pat fucks your brains out. Pat and Woody spent that night taking turns and sharing me using the very best of their different styles and I resolved I had to get over my Jealousy. As Woody retired to the bedroom with three women prepared to please him until he had used every last bit of energy, I sought out pat, pulling him away from another woman and took him to the living room ottoman. The height was perfect and I kissed him until he was hard. Once he was ready for him I playfully bit his neck and spread open for him. "Fuck me, hard." I told him. I repeated it frequently as he took me in front of a small audience of half dressed swingers. 

Pat and I were done before Woody and his menagerie had emerged from the back room and I poured him another diet coke and bourbon and went looking for him. He was immersed in a pile of humanity, sandwiched between the smaller cute girl and the much larger Brooke. I watched them for a while getting excited again. I had finally learned to let my jealousy be a turn on and after a while I was worked up again. Setting our drinks aside I slipped my way onto the bed prodding aside the cute girl to get to my husband's cock. 

"Make room ladies. I need a piece of my man slut before you wear him out." I slipped a fresh condom onto him and climbed atop him. 

It's funny how it works. We were surrounded my naked moaning bodies. I felt hands on me. I felt a woman's hands massage my breasts as I made love to him, but it all sort of goes away. I wonder if that is what its like for professional tennis players, surrounded by thousands of fans but not hearing a word. I didn't think I had another one in my but I got there again. I think he did to because he made that silly little growl he makes.

I was pretty much done after that. He broke himself loose of the orgy and joined me on the patio. We switched to wine and sipped a glass while sitting in the pool letting our pieces rest. We kissed frequently just because we do that after a party.

I let Brooke steal him again. I really didn't mind. She was a single mother and wouldn't get anything until the next party. I would get woody again in the morning. Hangover sex was the best. I watched my big old man slut wander inside. I found his cowboy hat by the pool and nestled it onto my head. I pranced around naked for a little while longer just because I could. When folks started leaving I pulled on a sarong and did my hosting duties. The party was thinning out when he found me again. He had wrapped in a towel.

"You finally done there, big boy?"

"I hope so!" he exclaimed kissing me again. 

"Liar." I teased him.

"Seriously. I don't think I could if I wanted to."

"Haha, me neither." I was being honest. I really thought I was done. We slowly sent our friends on their way as it grew late. We were down to two other couples when we gave up the door and poured more wine and sat down to chat on the porch. Pat and his wife had gotten dressed but were enjoying chatting with the new couple. I think I mentioned how cute she was? Swingers are a horny bunch; a cute girl or guy makes it hard to leave. We all talked for a while before Pat's wife started yawning and he gave up and wished us all goodbye and thanked us for the party.

"That was y'alls first party? Woody asked the new folks. Yes it was. We talked a bit about how they liked it. Like most first timers, it wasn't anything at all like they expected. Much more mellow, they described it. 

"You guys jumped right in though, well done!" she had after all been giving him head not an hour after arriving.

"I had some fun." She said coyly. I think Peter, well I think Peter was shy.

"Really?" I was actually very surprised. He was on the younger end of the men and I would have thought someone would have grabbed him.

"Yeah, neither of us got to, well, you know."

I know I said Woody was the slut. Fuck, I am so bad about that. I like to blame him for stuff, don't I? "Did you guys want to, you know?"

I'll admit it. It pleased me when the kid, he was just a kid, he had to be 10 years younger than me, stuttered at the prospect. "Um, well, yeah, I mean, that was sort of what we were hoping we would, uh, get to ..."

"A host's duty is never done." Woody smiled. Standing and approaching the cute young blonde, he took her hand and led her inside.

"Well, Peter. Do you think we should join them?"

"Um, Yeah!" he said. I guess I could slut up one more time. He was cute, and was hard before we even got to the bedroom.