 I was traveling with my workmate, Jim, to several of our company's field offices around the US. We were good pals, which made the 2-week work trip a lot more fun that it might've been otherwise. I'd recently broken up with a girl that I'd been going with for a few years and, to be honest, I was fucking horny. Jim was one of those perpetually single types - you know, a different girl every week. We'd both decided that we'd get as laid as often as we could on the trip.

Atlanta was the first city on our trip, but unfortunately, we were slammed with work and didn't have time for any "extra-curricular activities". By the time we made it to the second city on our trip, Chicago, we were both ready for some action. Luckily, there was plenty of free time in our schedule - so on the first night, we hit the bars. We were staying at a hotel in the famous Gold Coast, which put us within walking distance of plenty of hopping bars.

It was almost like we sniffed our way to the right place, because the first bar we walked into was crawling with attractive women. We each had a beer to get ourselves loosened up and to give ourselves time to scan the room. I picked out the girl I wanted right away, but before Jim had a chance to make up his mind, his mind was made up for him. A beautiful brunette walked right up to him and offered to buy him a drink. Hey, I wasn't gonna get in the way and I headed over to have a go at chatting up the tall redhead I'd spotted.

Things seemed to be going well. Jennifer was her name. She lived nearby and had also just gotten out of a relationship. We had a couple of drinks and I started hinting that maybe she'd like to come back to my room. At first she said yes and my cock jumped in response. Just as I thought I'd sealed the deal, Jennifer changed her mind at the last minute and decided to head home. My heart and my hard-on sank. I was still horny, but it was late and I decided to call it a night and try my luck tomorrow night. Meanwhile, Jim and his gal were making out at the end of the bar. I decided not to bother them and just head back to the hotel. As I was stepping out of the bar, I heard Jim behind me saying, "Hey where are you going? What happened to your date?" I guess he'd seen me sneaking out of the place.

"She changed her mind. It's late, so I was just gonna head back to the hotel. It looks like you're gonna score though!" I said.

"Dude, this girl is hot. I think she might take us both on, if you're into it."

"No shit?" I exclaimed. "You must be kidding."

"I shit you not, bud. She's fuckin' revved up and ready to go. She came right out and told me that she thinks you and I are both sexy. So what do you say?"

My cock was doing the thinking and it started doing the talking too. I heard myself say, "Let's go."

We got back to the hotel and, as we rode up the elevator, I had to wonder if this was really gonna happen. I'd never had a 3-way before. The closest I'd come to that was back in high school when I got it on with my girlfriend in the back seat of a car while friends of ours were going at it in the front. I've always thought that was a pretty fuckin' sexy scene. I was wondering if this might be awkward, though.

Before I knew it, we'd exited the elevator, walked down the hall, and arrived in front of the two doors that led to our respective rooms. I didn't want to seem presumptuous, so I fished my room key from my pocket while Jim was pulling his key out of his. His friend, Susan (as I'd found out), looked over at me and said, "Where are you going? Aren't you going to join us?" My cock went from zero to rock hard in a millisecond. I followed them into the room and she immediately pushed me against the wall and planted the heaviest kiss on me I'd ever felt. I opened my eyes and scanned the room for Jim who was just standing a few feet away with the biggest grin on his face. With that silent approval, I let my hands begin to roam all over Susan's body. What a nice one it was. Nice firm little ass. Good sized, perky tits. Her hands were exploring my body too and they felt good. I slowly inched her shirt up over her head and off. This gave me a glimpse of her beautiful breasts. Her nipples were rock hard and I quickly began licking and sucking them, much to her delight.

I didn't want to monopolize the action, so I pulled away and turned her toward Jim, who had stripped already and was standing with his cock in his hand. I wasn't sure how I'd feel about seeing my co-worker in the buff, but I was so turned on already, that I didn't think anything of it. He approached Susan and they began to kiss. His hands immediately went to her ass and began to work her taut cheeks. I watched for a moment, feeling like I was witnessing live porn. Then I began to strip down myself. "The night's turning out better than I could've imagined," I thought.

Once, I was naked, I began to stroke my cock as I watched Susan drop to her knees and begin to suck Jim's cock. He had a thick one and it was stretching out her pouty little lips, making my cock drip pre-cum all over my stroking hand. Jim looked over and said, "Man, this girl can suck dick. Come here and have some." I walked over to and presented my 8-incher to Susan and she pulled off of Jim's cock and quickly engulfed mine. He wasn't kidding. What a mouth.

Jim stood and stroked while he watched her give me the blowjob of a lifetime. She switched back to him, then back to me, taking turns on both of our rods. She even tried to get both of them into her mouth. I have to admit, I was a little uncomfortable with the idea of my cock touching another cock at first, but it felt so fucking good and the scene was so hot, that I quickly got over it and just went with it. This girl was sexy as hell and could suck dick like she was born to. Little did I know how much more was to come.

I pulled out and said, "Let's get this skirt off of you." She stood up and Jim unzipped her little mini skirt and pulled her panties down in a flash. She had a neatly trimmed bush and I homed in on it and wanted to bury my face there. Jim must've had the same idea as he led her over to the bed and asked her if she like to get her pussy eaten. She answered by laying on her back and throwing her legs in the air. Being the pal that he is, Jim looked my way and said, "Go ahead dude, you take the first course." I dove down and started licking away at one of sweetest pussies I've ever seen, in real life or porn. She moaned with satisfaction. Jim egged me on, "Go on man. Eat that twat! She's lovin' it. Let's make her crazy with pleasure. Do it!"

Susan said, "Get over here Jim and let me suck that big pole of yours." Jim climbed on the bed and straddled her torso. I couldn't see exactly what was happening, but by the sounds of his groans and the slurps, I could tell she was going to town on his cock again.

I was working her up into a frenzy with tongue-to-clit action. I was working myself up into one, too. I was ready to take the plunge into that sweet little pussy. I stood up and lifted Susan's legs. I put my cock right up to entrance to her vagina. She pulled off of Jim's cock and said, "I'm read for it. Give me your cock."

Jim looked back over his shoulder and said, "Go for it, dude. Slide it in there." I didn't need any more encouragement. I pushed each inch in slowly, savoring the smooth, hot feel of her delicious pussy. Jim, still looking back, said, "Fuckin' hot man. Fuck that cunt." I started to stroke in and out. Slowly, then faster. Jim began to fuck her mouth as I fucked her pussy. He had leaned forward and now, between his legs, I had a good view of Susan's mouth taking his cock and his swinging balls banging against her chin. Again, I felt like I was watching live porn, except now I was starring in it!

I called out to Jim, "Man, you gotta get a feel of this pussy!"

He pulled out of her mouth and climbed off the bed. I pulled out and he dropped to his knees between her legs and said, "I want to fuck you Susan, but I wanna taste you first!"

She smiled and said, "Go for it stud." I walked over to the bed and started licking her nipples and making out with her. I looked down between her legs and saw Jim licking for all he was worth. She was moaning and purring. She said, "OK, I'm ready for more cock! Put it in me Jim. I think you'll find that I'm a girl that can't get enough of really good dick."

Jim stood up and eased his meat into her. He had a sizeable cock, I have to admit. It was a bit fatter than mine, but not nearly as long. I couldn't help wondering how I stacked up. The thought was fleeting though as I felt Susan reach over and start jacking my dick. Jim had started to really give her pussy a pounding. She was loving it and stroking my cock in time with his thrusts.

She looked at me and said, "How would you like to get inside my pussy again?"

I said, "I'd love it, but Jim just got started. I don't want to interrupt."

She said, "You don't have to. I can make room for both, I think."

"Whoah," I thought. "I've read about double vaginal and even seen some pics on the internet, but I never thought I'd be in a situation to try it." 

Jim looked up at Susan and said, "You wanna get double-dicked?"

"Yeeeees," she moaned. "I want both of you studs pumping in my pussy at once."

Jim looked at me and said, "I'm game if you are, man."

I thought about it for a few seconds. The pics I'd seen were hot, I have to say. And, I guess it wouldn't be THAT big of a deal to feel another dude's cock against mine in a pussy. I could get over it. It would be kinda fun to see how much we could stretch her pussy and how much pleasure we could give to her as a team. Besides, Jim was no stranger - he was my pal. "Alright, let's go!"

Jim pulled out her and, almost like it had been choreographed, he laid on his back and Susan straddled his cock and sank down on his tool. She moaned and said, "I can't wait for two!" I got up on the bed on my knees behind her and put my cock against her cunt, above Jim's throbber. I pushed very slowly, my cock edging into the tight little space between Jim's cock and her stretched cunt lips. "Yes, go slowly," Susan purred." I went very slowly. So slow, that it was like time stopped. I went little by little by little. I almost couldn't believe it was happening. 

Jim encouraged me on. "You're getting there, dude. We're gonna fill this baby up."

Finally, I was all the way in. Damn, it was tight! Susan said, "Hold on right there just a moment." She reached under, felt the bases of both of our cocks with her hand, moaned and started rubbing her clitoris. Soon, she began to grind her hips and we both instinctively knew it was time to start fucking. Jim pulled out a little and then pushed back in, then I pulled out a little and then back in. We started alternating like that almost like a seesaw. I've never heard a woman voice such pleasure as Susan was at that moment. "Mmmmmm. Oh, I'm gonna cum so fast," she said. "You guys are gonna make me cum over and over, I just know it."

We started to get a good pace going. Back and forth. She started to loosen up a little bit, but it was still the tightest pussy fuck I ever had. We got to where we were both fucking for all we were worth. I was surprised to find how turned on I was to feel Jim's hard cock rubbing against mine. Damn, it felt good. I guess I'd just learned something new about myself. The realization only served to make me hornier.

Suddenly, Susan cried out, "I'm coming, I'm coming!" and I felt her whole body shudder. It was starting to get me close, too. I was trying to hold off, though. I didn't want it to end just yet. I could tell Jim was getting there, too, by the sounds of his guttural grunts and moans. We kept thrusting. I began to realize that someone's hands were on my hips, pulling me harder into Susan's pussy. They were Jim's. Damn, here's another first - another guy's hands on me, nearly touching my ass. It was like the three of us had become one big fuck machine.

Before I knew it, Susan was calling out that she was having another orgasm. This time, I knew I couldn't hold back much longer. Just knowing how much pleasure we were giving her was gonna push me over the edge.

I announced, "Fuck I'm close! I'm gonna cum soon." 

"Cum in my pussy," she said. "I want you both to fill my pussy with your hot cream!"

Jim said, "We're gonna fill you up, honey. I'm gonna blow soon, too."

Hearing this, I lost it. My head began to buzz and I saw fireworks as my cock exploded a flood of jizz. I kept pumping like I was on automatic. I heard Jim say, "Aaaaah" and I felt his hot eruption join my cock-juice in Susan's twat and run over my cock and out onto my nuts.

"Oh, I'm coming again!" Susan cried and felt her body spasm. We all collapsed on the bed in a heap of well-satisfied flesh. I drifted off to sleep in sweaty, sticky bliss.