 ANGIE'S BIRTHDAY SURPRISE

Angie and Brad, Jen and Ben, and Monica and Bill were three young couples whose lives were so much alike they were almost identical. The women taught at the local high school while the men worked at the local mill. They lived in the same middle-class suburb, shopped at the same stores, attended the same church, drove the same make of car, and rooted for the same sports teams. They also shared each other's spouses, and for several years the six of them had gotten together once a month to suck and fuck each other silly.

Their last get-together had been at Angie and Brad's, where Angie introduced the rest of the young swingers to Sex Dice. That naughty game had taken the group's spouse-swapping to a new level, and Jen, whose turn it was to serve as hostess for their next gambol, wanted to keep up what Angie had started. Like her friend, Jen had become bored with their increasingly ho-hum suck-and-fuck sessions, but now she wanted nothing more than to get "naked and nasty" with her husband and their four closest friends.

Unfortunately, Jen was at a complete loss for ideas as to how to make their next meeting just as memorable as the one at Angie's house. And then she remembered that Angie's birthday was the same night as their next get-together, and that gave her a great idea. She was so excited that she immediately called Monica to discuss her idea, and over the next several days the two friends worked out the details. By the time the big night rolled around, the two of them had planned a birthday surprise for Angie that none of the participants would ever forget.

After the usual pre-orgy meal of pizza and beer, Jen led the revelers upstairs to the guest room, the normal setting for their debauchery. Soon they were all naked and standing expectantly around the king-size bed. As the men stroked their rampant erections and the women fingered their itchy slits, all six admired the mature beauty so shamelessly on display. Despite being so alike in practically everything else, the randy revelers were quite different in terms of their appearances. Angie was short and slim with small breasts, and her straight black hair fell past her shoulders. Jen was even shorter, with curly auburn hair, alabaster skin and a Rubenesque figure. Her pubic hair, unlike Angie's trim bush, sprawled across her mound like an orange jungle. Monica was a short-haired blonde with the build of a distance runner, tall and lean with long, muscular legs and arms; she was the only woman of the three who shaved her snatch. Bill, a dark-haired former college athlete, was the tallest and brawniest - indeed, the most handsome - of the three men, but his penis was a short little thing. Like his wife Monica, he shaved his genitalia, which made his package look even smaller. Ben displayed the stocky build, slight paunch, and prematurely gray hair of a shop foreman; his cock was well-formed and of moderate length and girth. Angie's husband Brad was barely an inch taller than her. He shaved his head, and he was florid and flabby. But he made up for his unimpressive appearance by sporting a magnificent prick. When flaccid, it hung halfway to his knees, and when it was fully erect the three women struggled to fit it in their mouths and pussies. 

Before they could pair off for a group sixty-nine, the way they traditionally kicked off their monthly sex sessions, Jen made an announcement. "Today is Angie's birthday!" she exclaimed; Angie blushed while the others clapped. 

"How old are you?" shouted Bill, to which Angie just shook her head. 

"She's 29!" said Monica, "again!" and the others, including Angie, laughed. "So, tonight, Angie is the guest of honor! Let's give her a birthday party she'll never forget!" 

As the men cheered them on, Jen and Monica led Angie to the foot of the bed. They blindfolded her with one of Ben's neckties and bent her over the mattress with her legs splayed so that her pink anus winked provocatively between the luscious mounds of her firm little butt. Then, while Jen motioned for the others to be quiet, Monica produced a long, wooden kitchen spoon.

"Ben," she whispered as she handed him the utensil, "you are her husband so it's only right that you go first." And then Angie let out a yelp, more of surprise than pain, as he whacked her solidly on the rump, gently at first but then harder and harder as he warmed to the task at hand. The spoon was passed around until each of her tormentors had given Angie 29 smacks on her taut buttocks. By the time they were finished, both of her cheeks glowed rosy red.

When Jen and Monica turned her over on her back, with her legs spread wide and her feet dangling off the bed, everyone could see that her labia glowed rosy red, too. "I think she's ready, guys," exclaimed Jen with glee, "for some more licks!" But before Angie could protest that she'd already been paddled aplenty, Jen knelt between her legs and buried her face in the brunette's bush. Angie's vulva was on fire from the spanking she had just received, and in no time Jen had her moaning and mewling with pleasure. The petite brunette pressed her cunt onto her friend's lips, striving mightily to get as much as she could of the redhead's eager tongue inside her quivering quim. She came loudly, and as she did the others cheered and clapped.

Before Angie had a chance to recover from the tongue-lashing she had just received from Jen, the redhead climbed over her and planted her own sopping cunt squarely on Angie's lips. As she began to lick out the hairy vulva that straddled her mouth, guessing but not knowing exactly whose it was, the birthday girl felt another tongue go to work between her thighs, this one laving her just as expertly as the first one had. She came again almost instantly, but the wet, fat cunt in her mouth muffled her cries of pleasure. She sucked so voraciously on the clit in her mouth that soon its owner was screaming out her own orgasm.

The plump, hairy cunt was replaced by a smaller, hairless one, so Angie guessed that she had just eaten out Jen and that now she would be pleasuring Monica. Judging from how hot and wet the snatch in her mouth was, she also guessed it was the blonde who had just licked her trench from anus to clit. As she began to suck on Monica's tasty twat, she felt someone else putting something in her pussy. This time, though, it wasn't a tongue; it was a penis, and a big one, too. The blindfold kept her from seeing whose it was, nor could she tell by its size or the way its owner screwed her tight slit. Not knowing who was fucking her, even though it was certainly someone who had fucked her many times before, made the debauched experience that much more thrilling, and soon the walls of her cunt were twitching spastically around the mystery prick.

Angie was in heaven. She had a mouth full of pussy and a pussy full of cock, and the combined sensations overwhelmed her. The rhythmic pulse of balls slapping against her ass, the slurping sound of a penis pounding in and out of her creaming snatch, the gamey taste and heady aroma of a cunt in estrus, only served to heighten the electric thrills shooting throughout her body from every inch of her vulva. Soon the brunette shook violently from delicious spasms of ecstasy which lasted longer than she had ever known them to last before.

Monica's cunt was replaced by a penis. It was dripping cum and tasted like cunt, so Angie guessed that it must be the penis that had just fucked her. As she cleaned it with her soft tongue, she felt another penis enter her vagina, this one longer and fatter than the one in her mouth. And the faster it fucked her, the harder it got until it felt like her pussy was being stretched to the maximum. Meanwhile, the prick in her mouth was getting harder, too, and soon it was spurting cum inside Angie for the second time that night. She could taste its saltiness as it coated her tongue, rolled down her throat and dribbled out of her lips.

Angie was exhausted. In what seemed like no time at all she had been spanked, eaten out, and fucked while performing cunnilingus and fellatio on who knows who. Her mind reeled from how deliciously naughty she was being, but she also wished she could take a break as her pussy was sore and her jaw hurt. But, as the old saying goes, there's no rest for the wicked, and she certainly was being wicked tonight.

No sooner had the one prick removed itself from her pretty little mouth than another one, bigger than the one before, filled that orifice again. Like the first, this one also tasted of cunt and sperm mixed together. And as she sucked it back to life she felt another one, the biggest one yet, rubbing against her labia, struggling to gain entry to her burning, throbbing vagina.

This penis was enormous. It must be Brad's, she thought; her husband's prick was so big that he always had difficulty penetrating her. But this cock felt even bigger than Brad's. Despite her vulva being quite slick from so much saliva, sperm and mucus, this mystery prick still poked all around her little hole without being able to get in. Oh my God, panicked Angie, what if it's not Brad? What if it's someone that I don't even know? And what if there are more of them, more men with big dicks lined up to fuck me without me even being able to see them? The prospect of being taken in turns by her husband's co-workers or, even worse, a bunch of her students both thrilled and terrified her. And then, suddenly, her cunt flooded with juices and the mystery prick slipped right in.

Oh, what a mighty fuck it gave her! Angie feared that its prodigious girth would split her in two, and she was certain she could feel the tip banging against her cervix. No one had ever penetrated her that deeply before, although Brad had come close once or twice. And with another penis fucking her mouth, she could hardly move her hips so as to better accommodate the huge piece of man-meat that was raping her tight pussy. And so she hung on as best she could, sucking for all she was worth on the cock in her mouth while thrusting up her pelvis as best she could to meet the increasingly insistent plunges of the mystery prick.

Angie lost count of the number of orgasms she experienced while the mystery prick rampaged inside her. Wave after wave of indescribable thrills engulfed her body, and she lost consciousness for a moment or two. She revived when she felt her mouth and throat filling up with hot, salty sperm, and she was forced to either gulp it down or drown. And then, the mystery prick exploded. Never before had Angie felt a prick cum inside her pussy, but this one popped off with such force that she sensed a torrent of sperm gushing into her womb.

At last, the two pricks pulled out of her mouth and pussy, and for a moment Angie just lay there, too dizzy to move. Then, like before, she felt another penis sliding between her lips. She noted that the sperm dribbling from its tip tasted remarkably like Brad's, and that the two hairy balls slapped against her chin in exactly the same way that Brad's did when she gave him head in this position. Thank God, she thought, I'm not being gang-raped by big-dicked strangers after all, at least not this evening, at least not yet. Thus relieved, she focused instead on sucking the limp cock back to some semblance of a hard-on, in the process cleaning all of her sticky juices and his sperm from the enormous shaft. 

When the mystery prick withdrew without cumming, Angie was not surprised. Brad rarely shot off more than one load, especially after a particularly hot fuck like the one she was now certain he had just given her. She lay there, exhausted, basking in the afterglow of multiple orgasms, when she felt two sets of hands gently lift her off the bed, stand her up, turn her around, and place her back on the bed, this time on her knees and straddling a body underneath her. She could feel the two sets of hands gently pull apart her labia and slide her well-used pussy back onto a stiff penis. Then she felt some motion on the bed in front of her, and then another stiff penis was presented for her to suck.

With two sets of hands pumping her cunt back and forth on one hard prick and one set of hands pumping her head back and forth on another, Angie could do nothing but wallow in the deliciously naughty predicament she found herself in. To and fro she slid, her swollen clitoris rubbing against the coarse pubic hair of the fucker beneath her while her sweet sucking lips opened and closed sensuously around the cock head of the fucker before her. The forbidden thrills emanating from her sore and swollen vulva sent her into a state of dreamy semi-consciousness.

She snapped out of it when she felt something poking around her tight little anus. Oh my God, she thought, it's that monster cock again, and it's trying to fuck me in the - oh no! Frantically, she tried to wiggle her ass so as to avoid being raped in the fundament, but the rock-hard penis inside her pussy prevented her from moving from side to side. Then the two sets of hands pulled apart her butt cheeks and the head of the monster cock forced its way inside her butt hole. It strove mightily to penetrate her to the fullest, but Angie's virgin rectum was simply too tight to accommodate any more of it than the helmet. 

Meanwhile, the other two pricks continued to fuck the petite brunette for all they were worth. They exploded as one, filling her mouth and cunt with so much hot jism that it dribbled out of the corners of both sets of lips. And when they went off, so did Angie. She bounced so spasmodically on the cock in her pussy that the one in her mouth slipped out, and she was sprayed in the face with its last gusher of sticky sperm. Then the cocks in her pussy and ass slipped out, too, and she felt hot, thick spunk splatter all over her creamy backside.

Angie collapsed, satiated, on the sweaty male body beneath her. She had just enough energy left to roll off onto her back, where she spent the rest of the evening in a daze. From time to time, someone would part her legs and lick her pussy while the other revellers gleefully sucked and fucked on the bed beside her. She revived just in time to take part in the husband-and-wife sixty-nine that their hot sex parties always concluded with, and she came once again, this time by frigging her clit against Brad's nose while his huge cock went off in her mouth. 

"Well, Angie," cooed Jen as her guests began to leave, "I certainly do hope you enjoyed your birthday surprise."

"Oh, absolutely," replied the petite brunette, as she hobbled to the front door a bit bowlegged, her mouth, cunt and ass still sore from the sucking and fucking she had done. "But I have to tell you, it's a good thing that birthdays "cum" only once a year, because I don't think I could take this any more often!"