 Pete wanted a true cuckold; so the next time we got together, Jodi planned to give him what he wanted. 

It turned him on so much, when he could watch Jodi have sex with another guy; and I was open to exploring it with them. At one point, in our encounters, they explained it a little further. It all started in college, with Pete...for two years, he shared a dorm room with an exhibitionist roommate who always seemed to have a willing girlfriend. In other words, Pete had the opportunity to practice some heavy voyeurism, because this guy was always fucking some chick in the room. There were occasions, he went downstairs to sleep in the lounge, but most of the time he was a very willing participant. A few times, it even led to a threesome when the guy dated this wild girl that invited Pete to join them. It was during these years, he realized he was really turned on when he was cuckolded. My involvement only began recently, when they decided to indulge his (and her) fantasies. 

Of course, he has never stopped talking about the first encounter and the video he shot. When I got another call from Jodi to meet for lunch, I was excited about what it might lead to. She put her hand on my arm and emphasized that "Pete's not alone in wanting more." She went on to point out that she enjoyed every moment of the experience, too. This time, though, it was going to be different..."I'm in charge and Pete can only watch." She explained how the cuckold experience would be incredible for Pete. Finally, the date-night arrived; Pete spent all week locating four cameras to capture all the action. She was a little irritated because he had cables everywhere, but she knew the final product would be amazing; Pete was talented at putting it all together and she certainly enjoyed the video, as much as he did.

Just before my arrival, she stripped Pete and tied him to chair; he couldn't move or stroke himself. I helped her tighten some of the ropes. She even gagged him so he couldn't talk. They both agreed that, this time, she was in control and would reap all the benefits. His cock was already hard and upright, but she softly teased and taunted it.

She said "Pete do you have a camera focused on you? I want to see your face and a throbbing cock while he's fucking me."

Pete nodded.

"Well Rob, I'm ready to start...I'm excited," She smiled and teased us both, by spreading to form a wide stance and masturbating for us. In response, I pulled it out and began fondling myself and stroking for her, "I'm ready to start, too!" "Where do you want this?"

"I know where I want you to put it" she communicated her needs by shoving fingers into her cunt. The two of us discussed what we wanted to do and where to start. Eventually, we positioned ourselves directly in front of his chair; she kneeled at his feet where he could see everything close-up. "Oh fuck, Rob...that thing is amazing...I see your veins popping and I can feel it throbbing in my hands. Again, it's beautiful!"

I rubbed my cock down the length of her face, and pressed it hard against her cheek. She could feel its pulsing heat and its hardness. This time, I teased her (and Pete), I slapped her with it and rubbed it over her. She squealed with each impact and enjoyed the feeling of its warmth against her skin. Plain & simple, she was a cockslut...a major cockslut! She loved Pete, but having another man in her bed while he watched, was exhilarating. She loved what I could do to her. 

I rubbed it back and forth over her lips and she stretched open her mouth and beckoned me to enter by running her tongue, over its length. I felt my cock fill her with its girth, as I shoved it into her mouth. Jo wanted to be in control but she was helpless to control her desire or the pace at which I humped her face. I built up a rhythm, using shallow, but fast, strokes. I placed both hands on top of her head and held her in place, as I worked it, into her. I knew what she (they) wanted and began to probe deeper, by lengthening my thrusts and pumping it slower and slower. I could feel her trying to work me deeper into her throat...she loved face-fucking and she satisfied me with an incredible deep-throated blowjob.

"Yeah, that's my girl, take it deep." 

I groaned, as I forced it deeper into her throat and fucked her harder. "You need to take all that dick. Swallow it all, babe."

She replied with nod and a mumbling response.

I caught a glimpse of the two of us in a mirror. She seemed vulnerable but focused on accepting the thrusts. I probed the depths of her throat and began to realize how amazing the sex was when we were together. But then, I also noticed Pete in the mirror; I realized he made this possible. He had pushed her to recruit another man (me) for their bedroom. I turned to look at him and our eyes locked; I said "thanks, dude." He nodded and I could see the excitement and even an answering smile in his eyes. He even rolled his hips back and forth as if to encourage or mimic the fucking of his wife. I knew what he was trying to say; I nodded, smiled back and lengthened my strokes.

I fucked her long and hard before pulling myself from her throat.

Lying back on the bed, near Pete, she felt her pussy, soaking wet, aching to be filled and satisfied. Although, she knew what I wanted, as I stuffed my cock between her tits. "Here Babe, rub this over them first"...she handed me some lube and I rubbed it all over her big tits. 

I left ribbon of lube between them to create flight path, of sorts, for my cock. Her breasts felt so good in my hands, I really didn't want to stop, but my cock was telling me otherwise. Shiny and glazed with lube, her breasts were a fantasy and I was ready to use them for my pleasure. I nibbled and sucked at her nipples till I decided they were ready for a fucking. 

I gave her the lube, "Do me now; you need a good titty-fucking!"

"Yes, I do!" kissing the tip and savoring strands of pre-cum on her lips. After spreading and stroking the lube over my cock, she used her hands to squeeze her tits together for me

I groaned, "Jodi, I need to feel those big tits around my cock," I humped forward, split them with my cock and began stroking into them. 

"Do you like fucking me this way?" she asked with a sexy grin.

"What do you think? Your tits are a wet dream...they're amazing" 

Not her first rodeo with me, she knew what I could do. She lifted her head and leaned forward to lick the tip when it emerged from her tits.

"Babe...that's fucking good...stroke me with those juicy tits!" 

Between her tits and the blowjob, I couldn't hold it back any longer. "I'm close...You're gonna make me cum!"

Jodi sat up and begged me to unload on her, "Please, shoot it over my tits...please...shoot it on me," she grabbed and pushed them into position, as if I could ever miss them

I was in that euphoric state, just before an inevitable orgasm; I pumped my cock over her with long thorough strokes, "Fuck, Pete, I got 3 day's-worth in me!"

"Oh fuck, I can't wait...cover me...please!"

"Let me finish you!" She grabbed it and pushed the tip in her mouth. She began to stroke it while her tongue went wild, licking up pre-cum. 

She pulled off, leaned back and pumped until I started to spray.

"God, I can't hold it...gonna cum...all over you!"

I exploded over her tits, as she pumped me over one and then the other.

Covered with juice, she had some on her chin, but most of it glazed her gorgeous breasts. She turned to one of the cameras for a good clear shot and rubbed it over them. She smiled at me, licked cum from her hands and grabbed the cock to suck out any that was left. 

She looked down at her breasts, glistening with me, "Rob that was fucking incredible...thank you! 

Grinning with a sexy smile and pulling girl juice from her pussy, "Now, look at what I got for you!" She held it up to my face and I plunged the fingers into my mouth to suck them dry.

"I think we should show that to your husband."

Jodi ramped up the dirty talk to really enhance the effect on Pete. She spread her legs and said, "Oh honey, can you see how wet he makes me? My pussy's dripping with girl juice."

She rammed a couple fingers inside and waved them in front of him. You could see the wetness glistening on her fingers; I bent over to lick them, inches from his face.

"Look Honey, he's gonna eat me dry; he loves my wet pussy."

I spread her legs even wider and assumed a positon off to the side, where I could work her pussy and give Pete an unobstructed view. 

I licked up a tasty droplet that formed at the base of her little pussy crack. I licked over her labia and alternated between sucking her clit and driving my tongue deeper and deeper into her.

She squealed, "Oh Fuck! Keep that up...just like that!" as my tongue circled her pulsing clit. I thought to myself, I can do better that. I pulled it into my mouth and sucked at it while working it with my tongue, flicking and stabbing at it. Her pussy was dripping with juice as I pumped a finger into her. 

Now, beyond the point of speech, she moaned to affirm satisfaction. She became quiet and more focused, as I felt her legs tense and her orgasm begin to take over. She seemed to have an incredible, lasting climax, with shuddering and moaning. I reached up to roll and tweek one of her nipples between my fingers. The waves of pleasure subsided after 20 or 30 seconds and she was able to ask for even more, "Rob slide it in...please slide it in...fuck me."

You don't have to ask me twice...I came in from behind her and shoved it deep inside. I fucked her deep and hard to a chorus of acknowledging moans.

"You can hear my juice it's gushing around your cock...his big cock is wet with my juice, Honey."

"That feels so fucking good, Jo...you're tight around me...so tight. Do you really want to give him a show?"

She smiles, "You bet...you can have me any way you want."

"Let's do it!" I straddled the corner of the bed and pulled her to the edge, throwing her ankle up to my shoulder. I stroked into her with long satisfying strokes that ended with our pubes slapping together. Her incredibly sexy moans were being answered by my hard thrusts.

"Rob, fill me with it...that's it stretch me...stretch me with it...keep fucking meeeee!"

"I want it...fuck me harder."

Up for the challenge, I moved her to the center of the bed and raised her ass with a pillow and spread her legs apart. Her pussy, pointed up into the air, I used my weight to spread her wide and slam my cock into her. She screamed with pleasure as I fucked harder. What was even better, Pete had a perfect view of my dick plunging into his wife. I remember I looked over to see his dick swaying and bobbing in the air.

"Pete, his cock reaches the back...oh god, it feels so fucking good...so fucking good...mmmmm...yessssss!" 

I was able to pump myself into her deeper and harder than either of us could have imagined. Everything was just right...her pussy was perfectly aligned with me...each time I stroked downward to poke her cervix, her whole body shuddered. It was at this point, we had established a distinct rhythm and she was able to work herself. There was a quiet focus between the two of us, only moaning and breathless groaning, the sounds of hard, satisfying sex. 

It was time to switch it up because I felt myself getting closer to orgasm. Can you do me? 

She nodded with a huge sexy smile, "I wanna ride you hard! Now...sit back there."

I pulled her up and she nudged me back to the top of the bed, where she took over.

She dropped herself down onto it and fucked the hell out of me. I seized the opportunity to suck on her tits as they bounced passed my face. "Pete, your wife's tits are the best!"

She used her legs and the headboard to increase the momentum of her ride. "That's fucking amazing Jo...fuck me like that and I'm gonna cum." Impaled and bobbing hard, she almost wore herself out riding me. 

She turned to face Pete and sank down on it again...this time she just let it fill her as she rubbed out an orgasm for her husband. I pumped into her, as her hips rocked back and forth to meet me. 

"Oh Rob, I'm gonna cummmm...keep fucking me like that...just like that...fuck! Her body stiffened but I could feel the pace of her masturbation moving faster. Finally she let out a long pleasurable groan and bucked forward to grind down onto me. She tossed her head around uncontrollably as the sensations overwhelmed her, "Oh fuck, that's it...a good one!! A long one!!"

Just limp and relaxed from an amazing climax, she was still out of it and trying to catch up. I held her tight while I steadily humped into her..."Do you want a little taste?"

That did it...she was alert and out of the haze. She smiled at me and replied, "Oh yeah!"

I could feel my cock start to swell, when I was on the brink of blowing my load. She raised herself off me and I took over. "Let's go back, by Pete..." "Come and get it, babe."

"She's takin it all, Dude...your wife's taking all my load...all that hot seed"

She dropped to her knees and I positioned myself to feed her. Shoving it into her wide-spread mouth, I poked at her throat to force out a couple deep-throat gags. I was able to pump into her with some quick strokes before exploding. My cock pulsed & jerked as I drained my balls and pumped a quick-flowing stream into her mouth. She tightened her lips around me and nursed it for every drop. I could see her throat move as she visibly swallowed my load. "Pete, I think she swallowed every drop!"

Inches from her husband, she stood up and I leaned over to meet her with a long lingering kiss. She shoved her tongue into me and kissed me with an amazing intensity. With my cum lingering on her lips, I could still taste it. 

Still in a tight embrace, I picked her up and moved her over to the bed. We both collapsed onto the bed and held each other. She crawled up to nestle her head on my shoulder and we curled up with each other...her soft skin was warm against mine. I kissed her and wrapped my hand around her breast. Her nipple was visible between my fingers and I lightly squeezed the breast to feel its firmness and fullness. "Fuck Jo! That was amazing!"

She looked across the room and said "Pete...Honey, you'll get yours...but not now."