 The following is one more episode of work-related sexual adventures. Jodi and I knew each other from working together, years ago. We weren't particularly tight but liked to talk...go to lunch...gossip. It was left that way because we were both married and had too much in common...always seemed to be a little attraction floating through our relationship. I ran into her at a conference and decided to drop her a line and catch up at lunch. We met for lunch and she kept circling back to her husband. He was up or down all the time, especially in spring. Things just weren't that great with their relationship. I was the sympathetic listener, of course.

I was always attracted to her, but always avoided the whole thing. She was a petite brunette probably 5' 4" with a cute, shapely body....nice breasts. Her breasts were something I always noticed; it was sometimes hard to concentrate and work with her, because I just couldn't keep my eyes off them.

Anyway, she got quiet looked around and asked if she could ask me something that was inappropriate and personal.

"Alright Jodi, You know I'm all about inappropriate...go for it."

She went on to explain how her husband was demanding that she perform sex acts for him. They seldom had sex anymore...she masturbated for him and he got off watching her. 

I never thought the conversation would go this way...WTF! I tried to reassure her and maybe lighten the mood by saying that I liked that, too. It really didn't help any.

She continues on, "Well, it gets deeper...he wants to watch me have sex with other guys and...Would you?"

"Jodi, what are asking me...if I would have sex with you, for your husband?"

"Yes, that's what I'm trying to ask you!"

Always open for a new experience, especially sex, "You bet, when do you want me?" A smoldering smile washed over her face and I knew Pete wasn't the only one wanting a sexual encounter.

"I guess I should also tell you, Pete wants my partner (the man) to be big...bigger than him."

"What do you mean by that?"

"Again Rob, exactly what I said...you are making this difficult! He wants me to take on a big cock, bigger than his."

She was way too serious and I continued my attempt to lighten the conversation, by asking, "Do you want to check me out? Here? Is there an interview process?"

"Well, I can't drop trou now, but here I can show you," as I pulled up my account on the phone.

As I talked her through things, she seemed to chill out, "Just go to insatiablerob8...we need to be friends...do you have an account?"

"No, but I know Pete does."

I flipped through a couple of photos and told her, "Let me know his username and I can friend him."

Jodi, almost blushing, took my phone, "OMG you are...you are gorgeous, massively gorgeous! It's really thick...do you really think it'll fit?"

Laughing, I replied, "Thank you...we'll just have to try."

She smiled at me, "That sounds like fun. I can't wait to try and I know Pete will love this!"

A week or so passed, we friended each other and shot a few messages back and forth. I knew Pete was completely in, when he sent me photos and clips of Jodi in different poses and sexual positions. He even commented on one of my photos, "That's a perfect size...Rob, I am more excited about watching you fuck my wife than you could ever imagine."

Finally the night arrived and Pete came to the door wearing boxers and a t-shirt; he was already showing some, through the shorts. He told me he had two cameras set up on tripods in the bedroom and he would have one in his hand. That might seem a little over the top, but he had already gone over, with me, the plan to film the evening. 

I was cool with it, because, of course, I was getting a copy. I knew this was going to be good.

"Hey, you want a beer?"

"Sure, what are you serving?" He rattled off what they had and I made a choice. 

"Be right back...Jo, Rob is her!"

Jodi came into the room wearing nothing and holding a glass of wine. She asked how things were going. I honestly replied, "I was a little nervous, but now that I see you like this, I'm excited and ready for anything. I want you, bad."

She laughed and said, "Rob, I'm glad it's you, here tonight...I'm excited, too."

I began to notice her gray eyes framed with that beautiful dark hair; and her body, petite, but a perfect feminine form. The pics, Pete sent, didn't prepare me for the reality of how hot she really was! I could barely take my eyes off her...her skin was soft and creamy...she was a knockout...those breasts were memorable. As I reached out to hold one, I looked her in the eyes and asked, "Can I?"

She smiled and replied, "They are yours for the taking, Rob. I'm glad you like what you see."

It was warm, heavy and firm in my hand. Fuck! I was about to have this hottie with these amazing breasts.

He came back with beers, grinned and acknowledged, "Sweet, aren't they? I never tire of those tits! She is hot...my wife is fucking hot!"

We made our way to the bedroom, as Pete outlined the evening, "Man, I just wanna watch." He seemed oddly professional in how he presented things but I could also see that he was very excited about what was to happen. "Rob, you relax and satisfy yourself with her. I will just sit back and watch...and jack myself off. Just ignore me because I might position myself in different parts of the room to get the best views. I just want you to fuck the hell out of my wife. Give her pleasure...make her scream!"

"I can do that."

He went around and turned everything on and got things set..."Are you ready, Jo?"

She looked at me and said, "Yes, I am ready, honey."

Standing next to the bed, I leaned over to kiss her and she shoved her tongue in me...I thought to myself she was ready to go...DTF. I bet she's wild in bed because she always seems a little meek or shy...love this! 

She slowly removed my clothes as we kissed. She had gotten my shirt off and I had just stepped out of the pants, bunched at my ankles; I couldn't hold back any longer...I grabbed at her breasts with both hands. I leaned down to take a nipple in my mouth and began to hungrily suck. I circled her areola with my tongue and softly bite at her nipples. 

"That's it Rob, I like that...I'm yours." 

I can't get enough and stretch my mouth open to capture as much breast as possible. 

"Rob, I really need this...be rough...you gotta give me that meat, between your legs!"

A little shocked at what she said...I laughed and repeated it, "Shy & quiet Jodi said, Meat between your legs? I really like that...keep it up, Honey." I finally pulled myself from her breasts and started things off by directing her hand to the erection, upright and hovering at my navel. I sensed that I had distracted her by grabbing her breasts and now she was back to focusing on my cock. She smiled at me and softly moaned, "This is when the fun starts." She held it in her hand and softly stroked it, as if she was trying it out or sizing it up. "Fuck it's so big...and beautiful...your dick is beautiful! It's hot...mmmm!"

Pete, funny as usual, chided in with "She wants to eat your meat, Rob,"...we all laughed.

After just a few minutes of fondling, Jodi had dropped down to take it in her mouth. She told me that she didn't fully understand how much she was going to enjoy this until she felt it in her mouth. She said she loved the way her lips stretched around it and how her tongue lapped across the head. It felt amazing! Soon enough, I was balls deep in her mouth and she was gagging a little; but she was able to take it all. I had completely forgotten about Pete, because he had been quiet. He commented that he was really turned-on when my balls slapped her chin. We both looked over at him to see that he had parked his camera on a nightstand, while he stroked himself. She turned back to me and stroked my shaft while she sucked at the head. 

Her pussy, creaming with juice, she paused to look up at me, "Rob, you need to fuck me!" But, as she said it, she had scooped up some girl jizz and rubbed it over my chest. I wanted to dive between her legs, but she had other plans. Planting herself directly in front of her husband, she got on all fours on the bed and I knelt behind her. My swollen cock found her soaking wet and I slowly inched it into her.

Pete went on to describe how tight she was going to be. He was really enjoying the show. "I want to see you stretch her...fuck her good...fuck my wife; she needs to be stretched and fucked hard."

She was very and strained hard to get me in; she was breathless as I grunted and pushed the last couple inches into her. "It's all in...yummmmyyy...it feels good," she moaned in pleasure. 

I just let my cock rest in her for a while...it gave her a chance to catch her breath. "I can feel it pulsing in me....I love it." I started to stroke into her, fucking her hard and fast for long time. I grabbed her around the waist and drove her down onto the cock. She squealed as I pummeled her and my pubes thumped against her ass. I caught a glimpse of those amazing breasts bouncing with my thrusts; so I reached under her body and cupped my hands under them. I supported them, groped them and squeezed them. I pulled her shoulders back so she was just resting on her knees and Pete could see me fondle and fuck her. I looked over at him and said, "Jodi your breasts are incredible. We need to switch positions so I can suck'em."

Pete countered me by hooting about how beautiful she was when she was being ravaged.

I started to reach for her clit, but she pulled my hand away and said, "Rob, I'm sorry but I'm close already...we need to slow it down. I want to fuck you all night...just fuck me."

"Yea, that's my girl...fuck him all night."

She smiled and replied, "It's my turn to fuck you now, anyway...lay back and let me ride."

"Pete, I'm going to ride his cock. I want to sit on it and drive it as deep as it will go."

I laid back on the bed and she climbed on top. She kissed me as she slid down onto me. She started to ride while I suckled those hot breasts. 

"Keep it up...I love your titties this way! They are bouncing in my face...excellent!"

"I love a cowgirl...fuck him hard, Jo!"

She reached up to grab the headboard behind me and used it as a tool to enhance her ride. She moaned and yelled "I want to fuck you hard...fuck you hard." She was giving me a hell of a work out and I could feel how wet she was...I wanted a taste of her...I had to taste her! "Let me eat you, Jodi"

"I will, Honey...I promise...I just need to fuck you!" She rode for a bit longer before she pulled herself off and positioned her pussy within my reach. Dripping with juice, I licked her lips...and focused my attention on her clit. The moans and satisfaction were immediate; I knew she was close so I moved lower. 

My tongue was riding up and down her little slit, gapped from the pounding, and I pushed it into her deeper. She moaned as I gave her a tongue-fucking with a slow, deliberate rhythm. I could feel her flexing her pussy, which now seemed puffy and engorged. I felt a warm, creamy, wetness as I worked it inside. I continued to tongue her and suck up those juices. The taste and aroma was pushing me closer, but I could sense that she was already there. Pete confirmed it by yelling, "She's close, dude...keep it up...you're going to make her cum!"

She started to ride my tongue and gyrate her hips, when she let go with a big breathless, "That's it...that's my boy...I'm cumming...yea finish me offffff! I could feel her pussy, pulsing with the orgasm. I couldn't see anything because I had muff in my eyes, but I heard Pete grunt out a load, too. They both came at the same time.

When she stopped shaking, she laid back on the bed to recover a bit.

"Forget that, Jodi...we got some business to finish"

I positioned her at the edge of the bed, in front of her husband again, where I covered her breasts with lube. I rubbed it over her and looked over at Pete, "I'm going to fuck these beautiful tits...do you want to watch?"

He smiled, "Fuck yea...fuck'em good, buddy!" His cock had softened a bit but he started to stroke again. I think the thought of titty-fucking his wife brought it back to life. I straddled her and began to rock back and forth, sliding it between her breasts. She squealed as I grabbed and pushed them tight around me. She loved it and offered to help; so, she pushed her big tits together, while I picked up the pace and fucked them with big long strokes. 

Meanwhile, Pete was pumping his dick faster than before, as he watches my cock slide through her breasts. Jodi lowered her chin to her chest, where I could easily slide the tip into her mouth. As I get close, I pump harder and ask, "In your mouth...over the breasts?"

She replies, "I want it all in my mouth...I want every precious drop!"

I pulled it from her tits and began to stroke the tip in and out of her mouth. She could feel me shaking, as juices moved up the shaft. I pumped out gobs of hot cum that exploded into her mouth.

Her lips stayed clamped around me as my orgasm subsided. But then we heard, "Jodi take me too!" Pete was going to cum again and he leaped over to the bed. 

Drooling some of my cum over her lips, she turned her head and took every bit of his load, too. Now, she had a mouthful of cum from two men...she felt completely satisfied as she swallowed every drop.

Pete and I took turns licking her pussy...when she demanded that one of us needed to fuck her again. We looked at each other and Pete said, "You're still on the job, dude."

"That's what I was hoping for, Honey...I want to feel his cock again. And, after tonight, I'm going to fuck the hell out of you for days."

Pete smiled, "Jo, that's what I want to hear." He grabbed some lube and assumed his position. He sat back to watch me fuck his wife again

I fucked her with fast, hard strokes and it was obvious that she loved every minute, with all the moans and filthy commentary. She verbalized what she needed and what she liked about my cock. It all just enhanced my passion for this tight pussy and what it needed...a hard fucking. "Rob, that's it stretch me more...pump it hard...work me hard! It's big...and wide...I want you to slam me with it!"

Pete, still on board, noted that he hoped the camera was capturing her body's movement as I slammed into her. I was hoping that the sound was getting her sex talk, but I'd have to say, he was right. Her breasts were a show unto themselves...they wobbled and bounced incredibly with each stroke.

Again; I reached out to hold them while I humped out another load, this time into her pussy. She was cumming, too...we both froze, held each other and finished our orgasms. I felt her pussy finally relax around my cock as I pumped the last drops into her. She sighed a little and exhaled, "Rob that was amazing...the best fuck I've had in ages." 

Pete jumped up again, "Oh shit! Here I am with a cock in my hand...I need to film this...don't pull out until I get in there with a camera!"

"I have to get the creampie shot...this is going to be great!"

He got in there and got the shot. He got me as I pulled out, bringing strands of juice with the cock. I quickly got out of the way; and Pete moved in close to capture Jodi squeezing out a stream of jizz. After everything was shut down, Pete was raving about the perfect creampie I gave his wife...and he had it on film. 

This wasn't the last experience I had with Pete & Jodi, but it was the first and probably the most memorable. When they make love, sometimes, she still recaps the events and how I fucked her. Pete wanted to develop a print from the creampie shot...thought it would be great to hang in the dining room. Jodi wouldn't allow that but I think he uses it as the wallpaper on his laptop. They often watch that video, and crank the sound...I guess it drives him into a sexual frenzy. Maybe that's something they should film...Fuck, I wouldn't mind watching or participating in a sexual frenzy! Sounds fun.