 I was looking forward to pleasuring Jodi, but we planned to switch things up...make it a little different. I had no doubt that it would be great sex with my fuck-buddies; they both loved the threesomes we shared. Tonight, Jodi had planned to be submissive...she asked us to tie her to the bed and make her a cock-slave...I guess, more accurately, our cock-slave. 

"Yeah...this's gonna be so much fun, sweetie," she said grabbing the sides of my face and planting a big kiss. Almost giddy...she was all sexy smiles and excited, she decided to get things started and ushered us into the bedroom. There was some obvious preparation with candles and music...even her toys were out on the nightstand. She jumped on the bed and dropped to her knees on the very edge, facing the two of us (eye level with cock). Pete grinned, "I think she's ready. What do you think?"

"I can see that. She's ready to go!"

"Jo! Fuck...horny looks good on you!" 

"I think so, too...been thinking about this all day," as she took me in her mouth. Working slowly to cover it all with her tongue, the thought of two guys doing whatever we desired, had her wet and aching for cock.

He laughed, "Don't let her fool you...she was talking about this last week...this little girl's been thinking about this for a solid week."

She pulled off, "Or maybe longer! You're right...I want this fantasy...bad! You know...I'm just a horny cock-slut!"

As she grabbed for Pete's dick, she grinned. "Now, gimme yours, sweetie!"

She did the same to his and leaned back to admire her efforts. Two shiny, hard cocks at her disposal...they were hers for the evening, but she craved to be owned. Her thoughts drifting to how she wanted to keep them forever. She would love on them, hold them, stroke them and suck them; she loved to satisfy cock. She loved to milk cock with her pussy, but tonight, she wanted to be completely owned...owned by cock...used by cock...enslaved by cock.

Pete and I watched as she grabbed them, one in each hand, to stroke slowly over each shaft. She leaned in closer to bunch them together, inches from her lips. I felt the warmth of his dick rubbing mine. He slid his hand over my chest. I could see how much he wanted this, too, but never could I have imagined it playing out like this. Pete was usually the sub or cuckold and being tied-up. He was comfortable with that, but this time he was an alpha, with me.

His hands moved down over my ass and he pressed his fingers into a muscled cheek; then he leaned down to flick my nipple with his tongue. 

Jo watched, stroking us with both hands, and feeling wetness well up inside her pussy. She went to stuff them both in her mouth; she was just barely able to squeeze the tips through her lips, where she pressed her tongue into each head. 

With his other hand, Pete reached down and cupped my balls. He held them in his palm and stretched his fingers to feel the solid, fleshy shaft. It throbbed as Jodi flicked her tongue over the head. Not only could he feel the shaft jerk, but he felt it sliding over his...I could tell it drove him crazy.

He moaned, "Sweetie, you look hot down there...with both dicks...all that dick in your mouth."

She leaned back to allow both to pop free, "Honey, I really wanna be fuck meat...fuck meat you enjoy, over and over...all night. I wanna satisfy my boys, all night."

Still on her knees, she caressed my thighs, before grabbing my dick with her lips, and pushing it deep. She bobbed over it a few times and ran her tongue down to the base, pulling one of my balls into her mouth. I felt her sucking and exploring with her tongue. My eyes rolled back in my head...and then she did the other. It felt good...so good, my head fell back...and I looked up at the ceiling and groaned. 

When she came up for air, she whispered, "Jeezus, you're big...I love big," then began sucking it again, tonguing it inside her mouth.

She reached between Pete's legs to work a finger into his ass, teasing the rim. He was thrusting through his fist, while she pumped deeper and twisted it, deep inside. He moaned, "That's it, baby girl...fuck my hole...and...suck my...my buddy's dick!" He exhaled, "Fuck! Yer gonna make me cum like that."

Before he lost it, we spread her out and laid on either side. There were six anxious hands entangled, stroking, probing, massaging and groping.

Eventually, I got between her legs and buried my tongue, wildly licking...and sucking. Her moans increased, "Mmmmm...uhhhh...uhhhh...that's good...so good...yeah...yeah...yeah...yeah!"

"Do you want to flip her over and do her from behind?"

While she was drunk with the pleasure between her legs, I grinned, "If we keep her on her back, we can watch those tits bounce. Sound good?"

"Yer good, dude...perfect!" 

She got a sexy smile, "Honey, you're both good...this's gonna be so much fun!" She jiggled her breasts, "And my tits feel extra bouncy, tonight!"

Pete took one arm at a time and tied them to the bed posts. Then he spread her legs wide and tied them, as well. With Jo completely tied to the bed, I pushed my tongue between her legs and started licking. She tipped her head back and parted her lips in anticipation; his tongue forced her open wider, as he claimed her mouth. 

I was dipping deep into her pussy and flicking at her clit; she couldn't help but grind into my face and moan into his kisses.

When they finally broke from kissing, she smiled up at him with those beautiful gray eyes. She licked all over the shaft, before wrapping her lips tight. He humped through her lips, with loud grunt, and she took it all, with the first stroke. Then rolling his hips to go deeper, he groaned, "Yeah...yeah...yeah...oh fuck, yeah...Jodi...honey...suck me...suck me...uhhhh...uhhhh...fuck...that's good...so good!" 

Gently gripping her head, he pressured her throat when he started to face-fuck. At first, he was barely rocking his hips, but his rock-hard dick started pumping wildly, racing through her lips. She loved nothing more than being face-fucked...tasting the saltiness...feeling a dick pumping through her lips...having a man's satisfaction trickle down her throat...she loved it all!

Though, I sensed she was ready for more, she had no option, but to lay there and let her body sink into an evening of never-ending pleasure. I shifted to her clit, till she started bucking her hips. Pete's handsome grin exploded when he felt her muffled moans travel up through his dick; he even stopped to watch me work. She shuddered for nearly two minutes and he groaned, "Yeah baby! Cum for us...cum hard...cum hard...fuck that's good...make it last...make it last...cum hard, baby!" 

Then he nudged me, "Well, dude, that's a start! Tell her what you want...what you need! You heard her...she's ours, tonight!" He spoke those words very calmly, despite humping his dick into her mouth.

I (we) did exactly that...for the next hour or so we shared Jodi; we used her like a fuck-toy. Each time one of us got close, we'd roll off and switch out. I stood on my knees and grinned, "Let's go, dude!"

I lubed my dick...then her pussy (I thought it would curb some of her soreness), "Well...Jodi...sweetie, we're gonna fuck you, till we can't go anymore."

I went on to think something was different with her; it seemed as if she was freer to explore her fantasies...maybe Pete's cuckold fantasies, opened a door for her. Whatever was going through her head, she was adamant that we fuck, long and hard. Pete and I, of course, were more than ready to play; we were anxious to enjoy the exquisite pleasure of edging, slowly working toward release. When Pete pulled out to stall his orgasm, for the first time, she moaned, "Mmmmmm...this's perfect! My body is yours...you're free...free to do anything you want...fuck me, hard...use me!" 

I swatted at her titties a couple times, just enough to get little squeals that quickly turned to sexy moans. She was turned-on from being tied and taken, but the swats were almost more than she could handle...she was crazy excited. I kept teasing, rubbing back and forth through her lips and poking at her clit; my big, swollen dick slipped through the juicy sex...and smeared it.

She wanted it, deep in her belly, but was unable to do anything but enjoy things on my terms. Thrusting deep between her legs, I pushed forward and waited for her to beg for the hard-fucking, we both needed. 

"Ohhhhh...god...mmmmm...mmmmm...that's it! Ahhhhhhhh...yesssss...yesssss...yessss...fuck me...fuck me!" More moans came, when I pulled out and slammed deep, over and over. 

"Take it...Jodi...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...Jodi...you love it...love it this way...hard...and deep...don't you?"

"Mmmmmm...mmmmmmm...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...yesssss...yesssss! Fuck me, deep!"

In response, I grabbed her hips, and grunted into her. The force behind my thrusts echoed through her body, as it jumped forward and her tits bounced.

"Sweetie...uhhhh...uhhhh...fuckin' good...feels fuckin' good...so good...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...fuck!"

Still tied tight and stretched wide, the bed was showing stains of sex. I wanted things to last, so I pulled out and went up with Pete. He was jacking in her face, while I tipped her head, brushed her hair back and pressed my lips to hers. I pushed my tongue inside, probing deep, almost touching the back of her mouth. It sent tremors through her body; she begged when I pulled off, "Gimme that cock, again...please...let me have it! Fill me with cock!"

We both teased her, moving just beyond her reach and poking at her lips...she strained to catch one, but couldn't. Pete's fingers dug into the creamy, white firmness of her tits and then he flicked her nipples...those hot nipples...and those tits...they were on the perfect end of the spectrum. I was pulled from my thoughts, when he finally moved between her legs and slammed into her. She groaned, "Oh baby...yeah...yeah...yeah...fuck me...fuck me...fuck me...oh gawd...yesssssss!"

I leaned in and gave her my dick...she kissed and sucked the shaft. Working from the head down to the balls, she sucked them into her mouth, probing their fullness with her tongue. I pushed back through her lips and she swirled her tongue over the head. "Mmmmm, you like that cock...don't you? It's still wet with your sex, sweetie."

She smiled, "Yeah...fuck yeah...it tastes like my pleasure...my sex."

Pete grinned, "Gimme a taste!" 

He bent down to bob over my dick, licking all over. I pumped forward to go deeper, but when they started to share, I groaned and closed my eyes...lost in blowjob ecstasy. 

When Jo took over, she worked it hard and I fucked hard, till spit ran from her lips. She loved cock and knew exactly what I needed...at this moment, she was there to serve...she was there to be used. Standing over her and in complete control, we owned her body...her pussy...and the mouth she had wrapped around my dick. We owned her completely.

"Jo, show me what it means to you...worship that dick...that's it...take it all...worship that thing! Show me the love...the love you have for cock...show me!"

Nearly taking it all, her nose was almost in my pubes and I could feel her throat straining. Fucking at a steady pace, with her lips tight on my shaft, I groaned louder as I felt an orgasm coming on...fuck, I was gonna cum...I had to stop, again. I yanked from her mouth and shook it off. Barely a second passed, before Pete moved aside and let me take her pussy. "Ohhh God! Yeah...that's it...fuck me...please fuck me...please use me...wanna be used by that big dick...I wanna serve it...fuck me...please!" 

The tender walls of her pussy drag across the veined surface of my dick. She was stuffed full of thick masculinity; I beat on her cervix, slamming it with the swollen, throbbing tip. That warm, fleshy limit felt so good on my dick.

I dripped with sweat, my hands dug into the flesh of her hips and I fucked her brains out. Fucking and fucking for a long time, my arms flexed as I pulled myself up to meet her hunger for cock. I pounded like an animal, slamming her body into the bed. Focused on one thing, she rocked back and forth, her moans broken from the impact of my thrusts. 

Grabbing her favorite toy, Pete looked over, "Let me put this on her clit...she won't last long."

Pete worked her clit and I was plowing her with a rock-hard dick. She was screaming with pleasure. "Oh yes...yes...fu...ck...fuck me...fuck me...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...please fuck me...hard...fuck me hard!" 

When she started cumming, she was bucking her hips off the bed to push me deeper. We watched orgasm ripple through her body. "Holy fuck! Robbiiieeeee...Peeeeete...fuck...keep fuckin' meeeeee...gonna cum...cumming again...cumming again...yessss...yessss...yessss!"

This went on for only a moment, before I slammed forward, burying myself deep inside. My body tensed, and my mouth opened wide with loud groans. My dick stiffened and swelled that extra bit, before unleashing a wave of ecstasy. 

I screamed with orgasm, "Holy fuckkkkkk...yeah...yeah...yeah...fuck! Fuckkkkk," and pulsed my load into her. Each thrust pushed deep into her belly, giving her even greater pleasure. She continued to shudder, pleasure overwhelming her body...and secure with the thought that she held my satisfaction in her pussy. 

She lay there, still impaled on my dick, basking in the warm glow of pleasure.

Pete high-fived me, "Get that pussy, dude...that's fucking hot!" 

"What d'ya think, babe? That felt good didn't it?"

"Mmmmm...Pete...the best...that was the best!"

"Sweetie, we aren't done with you...it's my turn, again...ready for more?"

She smiled, "Yeah...oh yeah...gimme some...gimme more!"

He watched me pull out, "That looks good enough to eat, dude."

Jo raised her head, the best she could, "Mmmmmm...babe! He does...go for it...taste your wife on that dick."

She giggled, "It's like a Jodi-flavored sausage."

"Well when you put it like that, how can he resist?"

Wet with sex, it shimmered in the soft light and bobbed, as I moved from between her legs. He leaned down to wrap his lips over the shaft. After he pulled off and licked a few times, "Let me clean you both up...that looks like a sweet load you left behind. She loves it...we both love it, dude!"

Then he grinned, dropped down and dragged his tongue through the tiny slit. His grin expanded when he swallowed the precious creampie, scooped from his wife. He would have lingered and went for more, but I think he was a little anxious to get his dick wet. "Let's make this easier, dude...shove some pillows under over there and I'll untie her feet." 

She giggled while we worked pillows into place...it tickled, she said. Her head fell back off the pillow, perfect, for a deep, probing face-fuck. 

Pete pushed her legs way back and I grabbed her ankles. She looked up, "Guys, this's gonna be even better, but Robbie, don't think you're gonna get any deep-throat...that big guy is not going to fit...I've tried."

"I know...no worries, Jo." I smiled, "I know your limits, sweetie. Fuck! You'd probably lose your voice...your throat'd be raw."

At that moment, there was a bright flash and a loud crash, before the lights flickered out. Pete, "Well that was fucking crazy...let me light a couple more candles." You could just barely see his grin, when he said, "Make it all medieval...like a dungeon!"

"That's the spirit, dude...make it medieval!"

It'd been drizzling outside, but the rolling thunder and lightning seemed to add something to the encounter, especially now, with only candles.

"You guys wanna move to the fireplace?"

"No, sweetie, this's good, on the bed...once he gets those candles, I need more big, medieval cock!"

Pete got the candles lit and scooted himself up between her legs, "Alright, my hot, little...cock-slut...my turn...I'm gonna fuck you nice and medieval-like."

I grinned, "And while your husband's taking care of things on that end, you're gonna suck me, sweetie...no deep-throat, though. Good with that?" 

"Yeah...I'm good with it all...just keep fuckin' me...fuck me, guys...fuck me...please...please fuck me!"

She giggled, and Pete laughed, "Well that's definitive!" 

Holding her thighs tight, he thrust his swollen shaft through her puffy lips. "Oh gawd, Pete...yeah...yeah...uhhhh...uhhhh...yes!"

I moved up to her mouth. "Now, take it...take my cock, baby girl." 

I was pulsing back to hardness; this was one of those times when my dick couldn't really get soft...there was no way, with Jodi tied to the bed. My shaft was long and veined, almost as thick as the plum-shaped head. Hanging below the shaft, a beefy sac of manly eggs; they were less full, now, but they still hung low. I grinned, pumped with both hands and, with some pride, teased her, "You want it...want this dick?"

In the candlelight, her soft gray eyes melted, as she looked into mine. Then her gaze wandered over the shaft, bobbing over her face, "Yeah...fuck yeah! Mmmmmm...I love cock, sweetie...yer big cock!"

She was one big, sexy smile, before her mouth closed around my shaft. Her moans increased, and her hips lurched from the strength of Pete's thrusts. He was crazy horny, pumping through seed I left behind; his dick looked powerful...and unreal, like it was hot iron, punching through her body. 

Despite the wild pounding, her head bobbed gently, and I rhythmically fucked her face; I let an ankle go to reach for the toy. I worked it over her clit, again, hoping to push her towards another orgasm. 

"Yes, oh Jo...yeah! Suck me! Suck my dick...my big dick," I moaned as we both thrust into her body. 

Finally, he couldn't take anymore edging, his fingers dug into her thighs as he slammed forward with his final strokes. After one last thrust into her tiny body, he pulled out and sprayed all over her breasts. Arching his back and thrusting through his fist, he drained himself, till her big titties looked frosted. A little exhausted, he panted, "Oh fuck...uhhhh...uhhhh...fuck yeah! That was fucking sweet!" 

"Okay buddy, my turn, gotta keep this dick satisfied...you know."

"More fuck-meat? She's ready...get in here! Gimme just a few minutes and I'll be ready again."

"Oh, hell yeah! You'll be ready...ready to go medieval, again," I laughed.

I couldn't help but be drawn to her tits, again, "Mmmmm...you need to feed her, dude. Let me have her pussy and you scoop it into her mouth."

He looked down and dripped some over her tongue, "You like this baby?" 

She swallowed, "Mmmmmm...tastes like hot man...yeah, I like it!"

"You having fun? You want more...you like the two of us fucking you?" 

Struggling to shift her body, while I pushed her legs back to her shoulders, "Yes...oh god yes...keep fuckin' me...I want more...fuck me more!" 

She smiled, "I'm gonna wear you both out, with my sexy, feminine charms!" 

Pete and I laughed, thinking we were certainly going to give her a good challenge. "Sweetie, you may do that, but you're going to be plenty sore tomorrow...buddy, hand me that lube."

While she giggled and started licking his dick, I wasted little time in reclaiming her pussy, "Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh...yeah...ahhhh...ahhhh...want that...want that cock...like that...just like that...yesssss!"

I felt Pete reach back to caress one of my thighs, feeling it flex from thrusting into his wife. Before I knew it, he was back in the game, pumping his wife's mouth. 

He fucked her mouth and watched, "Fuck yeah! Give her that dick...that's it...that's it, buddy...fuck another orgasm out of her...fuck'r with that big dick!"

Thrusting deep into puffy, wet pussy, my muscled body kissed her toned ass; I love the sound of fucking...the sound of hips slapping over an ass. I managed to flick fingers back and forth, over her swollen bud...and the steady, pounding rhythm, made her tits bob and bounce. The sight of those breasts, in motion, was rapidly pushing me beyond control. So close to cumming, again, I could feel her body quiver against mine. I wasn't going to last long...but neither was she. 
