 Pete and I talked over a beer for fifteen-twenty minutes, before Jodi got home to join the conversation. They exchanged glances a couple times, as if they were, anxious. They usually are because we don't get together often enough...you know. Plus, we all know why I'm here, but I think Jodi was just, plain impatient and horny. After all our time together, I guess I do know how she thinks...and Pete certainly understood her urgency...as any husband would.

She put her beer down, snuggled up to me and rubbed a hand over my crotch; her slender fingers stretched to envelope a growing bulge. She smiled at the two of us, while slowly, but conspicuously, unzipping my shorts. "Pete, I hope you don't mind, but a girl has to satisfy her needs."

"Babe, you go...satisfy those needs."

I winked at Pete and grinned, "We too long-winded for you?"

"I know how you two can talk." The mischievous smile expanded, "I mean...yer like teenage girls, sometimes...we need less talk and more action." Our lips met, and she awkwardly slipped off her t-shirt; her tits bounced free and I heard Pete, "Yeah, that's my girl...go for it!"

While cupping her breasts in my hands, her nipples stood upright. I leaned in to lick all around and suck them between my lips. I moved from one to the other, and started working my fingers, up and down, over her clit. She went crazy, moaning for more, "Mmmmmm...Rob...yeah...yeah...like that...do my clit...do my clit...yessssss...ahhhh...ahhhh...yessssss."

Again, Jo's needs took over and she wanted to get things rolling...she begged to be satisfied, "Sweetie, I think its time for you to put it in...please, put it in me...fuck me...please, fuck me! Fuck...mmmmm...yeah...yeah...those fingers... mmmmm...feels good, but they're no replacement for that cock. sweetie!"

Pete threw his underwear aside; his dick was rock-hard, and he could barely pull it out fast enough. As usual, he got underneath her, to watch while I took her from behind; it's his favorite vantage point. He situated himself right under her pussy and smiled, "I'm ready...ready whenever you are."

I grabbed my dick at the base, rubbing it through the tight folds and pushing just inside. There was an urgency, she was yearning to fuck and squealed, "Ohhhhhh yeahhhhh! That's what I need...oh Rob, fuck me!"

I held myself there, just inside, taunting her desires. Though, it wasn't long before she was having no more of the teasing; she pushed back, all the way, to drive it inside. "Jeezzzzzz! Fuck, that's good...yeah...yeah...mmmmmm...yeah...stretch me, sweetie...stretch me and fuckin' fill me up with that dick...fuck yeah! Fuck me!"

She started rocking her whole body, back and forth, stroking me with her pussy. "Oh Robbie...it tingles! My pussy feels soooo good...uhhhh...uhhhh...your dick touches everything inside me...fuck!"

We all groaned with pleasure, including Pete. As his wife moved her body, back and forth, savoring each girthy inch, Pete enjoyed every moment of the voyeuristic orgy. Excited by watching his wife fuck me, he reached up to cradle my balls and run his fingers through the glistening sex.

"Babe, that feels perfect...fuck me...ohhhhh...fuck me...fuck me! Pete, honey, you like what you see down there?"

There was a pause before he responded, "Fuck yeah...fuck yeah...that big dick...I love what I see!"

"Honey, I love it, too! Robbie fucks me so good...fuck...uhhhh...uhhhh!"

I watched his face, through my legs...he was fascinated with my swaying balls and explored them with his fingers. He let them hang between his fingers, then he'd hold one, then the other...then both. I guess that was when he decided to see how they felt in his mouth; Jodi rode my cock, while her husband sucked at my balls. 

She was unaware of his move, but I groaned, "Oh fuck! Pete...suck those balls...suck'm...suck'm!"

She was clearly excited, "Oh honey, you love Robbie's dick...and those big balls! I gotta watch you, for a change...let me turn around." She moaned as my dick pulled from her pussy. 

"Pete...honey...they look heavy...heavy with all that cum. Honey, they're loaded! You can't wait to see it all over my tits...or my face...can you?"

He smiled, "No...I can't wait. I love to watch you take it...take my buddy's dick...love to see his cum all over you...it's fuckin' hot!"

He went back to sucking balls and I groaned, "Mmmmmm...buddy, those balls are your wife's creampie...or facial! Those balls are gonna cover yer wife!"

He awkwardly grabbed my dick and grinned, "Let's do it...I think yer ready for some action...ready for both of us." 

"Dude, I'm always fuckin' ready...you know that." Jo quickly got back in the game, wrapping her dainty fingers around what stood above his fist. I had both, husband and wife, holding my dick, feeling it pulse in their hands. 

He still had his hand wrapped around the base, as she pulled the head to her lips. I moaned, "Mmmmm...guys...I can really get used to this."

She looked smokin' hot, as she sucked the swollen head between her lips. She started slowly pushing her lips down the shaft, and bobbing, up and down. With one hand, he started stroking his dick, and with the other he cupped my balls. He continued to roll them through his fingers...and over his hand. Our eyes met, "Dude, these are some heavy fuckers...you do need to drain these balls...drain'm in my wife, dude."

Then, she looked him in the eyes, "Don't worry babe, I can't wait to drain'm! Why don't you help? He's big enough for the two of us...you know? Or...you can wait to lick my pussy off his dick...like last time? What d'ya think? It's up to you."

I knew what she wanted him to do, but I wasn't sure he was that comfortable with everything, yet...you know. She went back to sucking me, and he seemed fascinated with my balls, clearly enjoying the way they bounced over her chin. Finally, he went for it, leaning down and parting his lips, again. I felt his tongue; he still held them in his hand and started licking! While Jo traced the girth of my cock with her tongue, he focused his attention on sucking balls, one at a time. They tightened up, but he kept his tongue busy, pushing them around in the sack and exploring every inch.

Again, she pulled off to let it spring free with a wet pop from her lips; her tongue roamed all over the shaft. Cheered on by my moaning, her tongue danced over the head, licking pre-cum from the slit. Serviced by a husband and wife, my dick throbbed, and I was turned on more than ever. Again, she buried my dick in her mouth, as deep as she could. There was still an inch, or two left, but I could roll my hips, to fuck through her lips. The blowjob gurgle from her throat made me want even more...that wet sound from a cock-slut in action is crazy erotic...but it only satisfies our needs, up to a point. I pushed at her throat, but I knew she couldn't do it like Tina (my wife). The spit was flowing down over the shaft and I moaned, "Fuck Jodi! Suck that dick...suck me...suck me...yeah...yeah...that's it...that's it...fuckkkkkkk!"

She looked down at her husband, with the biggest smile, "Your turn, baby?" 

With little hesitation this time, he leaned in to take her place. It was a little awkward, so I scooted to the edge of the couch and he kneeled between my legs. Jodi held it down, while he pushed it between his lips. He had to open his mouth wide to get it in, and his tongue swirled around the glan, on the way.

"Jesus...Pete," I moaned. "That feels fucking amazing...keep it up...uhhhh...uhhhh...yeah...yeah...keep it up!"

I pushed against his throat and he clamped his lips tight. Slowly he processed things, relishing the feel...the fullness...and the taste. 

With a dick buried in his mouth, he looked over to his wife; she had a huge smile and moaned, "Oh Pete! That's so hot...baby...so hot! Mmmm...suck'm good! Yer doin' good...real good, honey...that's it...listen to him...he's moaning...yer doin' real good!" 

He went back to exploring the shape of the head with his tongue. Then, he ran his fingers down the shaft to my balls. He held the base and licked up and down, sensing the surface and the vein that ran up the center. Precum was beading and his tongue wasn't missing a drop; starting at the base, he worked back to the top to lick more reward from the tip; 

He pushed his mouth down over it, again, to stroke with his lips. I could tell he was delighted with what he had in his mouth; he spent a long time working it over with his tongue, mouth and lips. The experience had us all moaning with serious intensity...I thought he was going to take it all the way, but eventually he relinquished to his wife. She grinned, "Rob, just sit back and let me do you...let me ride you tonight."

"Of course, I'm going to let you ride...saddle up and ride! You know, I love that dominant thing, sweetie, and I love a cowgirl." 

Before she lowered herself onto my dick, Pete guided it to the entrance and smeared her lips with pre. Jodi was always fucking amazing in the sack...she moaned with intense pleasure as it sank deeper. Her eyes moved up to mine as she raised herself up and sank, slowly, back down, coating me with her sex. "Ahhhhhhhhhhh yeahhhhhhhh...oh, gawd fill me up...ahhhh...ahhhh...fill me with that dick...yessssss...that big dick! Ahhhhh...Pete are you down there...watching?"

He grinned, "Yeah, I'm watchin' every second...up close! It's so fuckin' hot! That's it, Rob...fill'r up...fill'r pussy with that dick."

She rode me with the passion all guys dream of; but, seriously, what guy doesn't love a cock-crazed cowgirl? She never let up, riding my dick and moaning, "Fuck me...fuck me...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...fuck me...gawd, yes...fuck me!"

Pete, stroking his rigid flesh, enjoyed our pleasure, too, and looked up, "Damn, you got a big fucking dick! Its huge from over here, too!"

I laughed, "Pete, from over here, Jo's titties are fucking huge...your dick's fucking huge and you look hard as a fucking rock!"

Jo...sweetie! Uhhhh...uhhhh...you two are doin' me in...I'm close...already...so fucking close!"

I rolled my hips up to meet her pussy, slapping flesh against flesh. She squealed, "Fuck me! Fuck me! Cum in me...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...empty those balls...empty those balls! Fill me! I wanna...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...wanna feel your balls explode!"

Pete's focus on his dick, indicated he was stroking closer to release, too. "Fuck'r...fuck'r with that dick...empty those balls...fuck'r hard, dude! Wanna see that big load...that big creampie!" My balls started to tighten as her pussy pushed me closer and closer. I grunted as I humped hard up into her belly; my body stiffened and held myself solidly in place, while she slammed herself down over me. 

My cock began to throb, pulsing with orgasm. He watched it expand with each pulse, as cum pushed up the shaft, into his wife's pussy. He screamed, "Fuck! That's awesome...yer pumping! Yer cock's pumping cum. Jo...I can see him pump cum into you!" 

Jodi, out of breath, came to a rest in my lap. She stopped to whisper, "Pete, baby...watch it run out when I start again...you'll shoot your load, for sure."

With some renewed vigor, she lifted herself up and started riding, again. "Oh Robbie...I'm close, too. Stay hard for me...let me ride that dick...I need to ride it all the way...uhhhh...uhhhh...yeah, ride it all the way...fuck...fuck me...yeah...yeah...fuck me!"

The way she was riding me, guaranteed I wasn't going soft anytime soon. Cum trickled down the shaft and over my balls; she used it for her fingers, "Pete...gonna use his cum on my clit...love all his cum...love it all! I wanna cum on that beautiful dick...mmmm...mmmmm...I need to cum...cum so bad!"

She rubbed frantically till the pleasure peaked; she started cumming on my cock. As I bucked my hips, her head fell to the side and her mouth stretched wide to allow her screams an escape. She shook with the intensity of orgasm and screamed, "Cumming...cumming...I'm cumming...mmmmm...yeah...yeah...yeah...yeah...yessssssss!"

Pete's eyes fixed on her quivering body, and I watched him stroke his rock-hard dick for thirty seconds...maybe. Feeling a powerful release, pushing up the shaft, he stood over her, "Baby girl! Yer getting' a big load...gonna cum...cumming...fuck...fuck...fuck!"

"Oh, baby...cum on my tits! Robbie did my inside...do my outside...do my outside! Wanna watch you cum...cover my tits, sweetie!"

The first strand shot from the tip, like it had come from a rifle. It splashed over her tits...those amazing Jodi tits. Several more followed as he continued jacking his dick, covering her with seed! As it subsided, and a tiny strand bobbed from the tip, she took him between her lips and milked the shaft. She wrapped her hand around the base and gave it a couple long, thorough strokes.

Once she released him from her mouth, she admired and lovingly kissed the head. I rubbed his cum over her big tits, playing with the seed. I circled her nipples with my fingers and tweaked through the slippery sex...her tits are amazing!

It really didn't take much with her big, glistening breasts, in my hands, but I stroked myself back to a ready state. When your horny as fuck, your own cock can be mesmerizing, too...the long and curved flesh...the beautiful plum-shaped head.

"Fuck yeah...feels so fuckin' good...sometimes it's so good just to stroke yer dick," I groaned. My head nodded back, as I worked a fist over the solid shaft. They were enjoying the stroke session even more, their collective gaze locked on to my dick. I showed off. bouncing and slapping it against my abs, causing the shaft to bob wildly through the air. 

I was crazy, fucking horny and jacking my dick. Sugar was forming at the slit, again, but my attention was on what my fuck-buddies were doing. Jodi's fingers were saturated from pumping her pussy and Pete leered with incredible intensity...or lust. His eyes darted up and down, over my dick. With a big smirk, I pushed it into his face, almost thumping his nose, "Dude, I know you want more."

He moved closer to take over, pushing my hand aside. He pressed it into his cheek, caressing his face with its veiny girth; I could feel his stubble scratching. Holding it at the base, my dick stood proud and pulsing, inches from his intense brown eyes. He focused on running his fingers over the shaft and smearing precum over the head. Moans of pleasure spilled from my lips, "Fuck Pete! Fuck...put your mouth on it, dude! Suck me...suck it...you know you want it!"

"Go for it, honey...it's just like before...it'll taste like me. Take his dick...suck him! Get'm ready for me...get'm ready for my pussy."

That's all the encouragement he needed; he licked up over the shaft a few times, before looking back at her, opening his mouth and centering his face over top. I started pumping my hips as if it's pussy, thrusting up into his mouth, through those wide-spread lips. "Oh yeah...yeah...yeah...get on it...mmmmmmmm...yeah...fuck yeah...you like the taste of yer wife on my dick!"

It brushed over his lips and the inside of his mouth...it drove him into a frenzy and he tightened his lips. I slowly pumped swollen manhood through his lips, using his mouth like a pussy. With my balls tumbling over his chin, I felt his hands come to grip my ass and pull me, deeper, into his face. My response (the only logical response) was to thrust faster...and fuck his mouth. 

I look into Jodi's eyes while I fucked her husband's mouth; she finger-fucked herself and watched with a big, satisfied smile. "Mmmmmm...that's it...suck that big dick...yeah...suck it clean...I'm all over that dick, Pete...it's so tasty...suck it good, honey."

Our eyes met, "Baby...when you finish with my husband, I want more, too...so save some for me. I'm gonna need a lot more from both my guys." 

He held tighter to stop my movement, while his tongue darted over the head; he seemed to be exploring...or savoring...or studying with his tongue. I quickly realized it was all of those things, when he dug his fingers into my fleshy cheeks. He was seriously turned-on...and hot for anything I could give him; he even reached up and groped at my abs and chest, grabbing for my nipples...sensing hardness...sensing lust.

Groaning uncontrollably around my flesh, this was way more than a guy giving a blowjob...it was Pete experiencing a lust for cock...a lust for a man. It certainly wasn't the first encounter like this, but this time it was seriously heated. As wild as this was, I wanted it, too. I wanted to push into his throat...I wanted to split his ass with my big dick...at that moment, I could have split him in half with my dick.

Jodi was still watching us go at it, but she wanted in the game. She got next to us, on all fours, and flashed her tiny pussy...the wetness glistened between the lips. She grinned at us, "Boys, you think you could help me with this?"

At first, I thought he was going to ignore her and take it all the way, but he looked up at me and pulled off, "Buddy, I think we need to do more of this, when she's not so horny...you know?"

"Fuck yeah! We do...maybe boy's night?"

"Sorry...pussy can be powerful stuff!"

"Dude, I know...especially pussy that looks like that!" 

She grinned, "Thanks sweetie...she is a nice pussy."

I scrambled to move her to the edge of the bed, groping her big tits and kissing over her neck. I pushed the tip of my dick against the tight folds. She was still wet, and I rubbed it back and forth, before slowly pushing into the searing heat. 

Her moans matched the intensity of mine, "Ahhhhhhhh...yesssssss...fuck me...fuck me!"

Only seconds passed, before I was slamming my dick, deep into her pussy. I gripped her waist, pulling her towards me, as I bucked my hips forward, crashing our bodies together. 

The thrusts were rough and relentless, and she loved it that way. It was so intense; it felt amazing to fuck so passionately...her moans were uncontrolled and non-stop. "Fuck! Uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...yer cock's sooooooo perfect! You have...uhhhh...uhhhh...a perfect...perfect cock! Mmmmmmm...I know, I always say it, but it stretches...me...soooooo gooood! Fuck!" 

After some serious pounding, "Buddy, yer gonna have to take over...uhhhh...uhhhh...I'm fucking close!" 

"Get me hard, baby girl...get me ready to take over."

I grinned, "You call that soft? Yer as hard as a rock...she's not gonna make that any harder!"

The both laugh, and Jo says, "Really? Rob, catch up...he just wants head!"

Pete reached down to grab a handful. When he found a nipple, he played with it, while he pumped through her lips.

Pete took my place, while I pushed back the release. We took turns fucking, using Jodi as an eager, little, sex toy. I reached under to stroke her clit, while Pete fucked her to orgasm. "Mmmmmm...love that...uhhhh...uhhhh...double team that pussy...own it...make me cum...make me cum! Oh fuck! Oh fuck! Yer gonna make me cum...make me cum...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...fuck me...fuck me...fuck me...cumming...cumming!"

When I took over from Pete, she was even wetter than before, "Fuck dude! That's one happy pussy!"

She laughs, "And one happy cock-slut, too!"

"Fuck me more...fuck me, Rob...fuck me more! I'm not done...so fucking horny!" 

She got no further, as I took the cue and started humping with the intensity, I knew she wanted. Ramming my rock-hard dick to the hilt, their neighbors probably heard her moans. "Ahhhh...ahhhh...yeah...yeah...that's it...fuckkkkkkkk...yeah...yeah!"

She was starting to wear out but showed no signs of stopping...she just needed to be fucked. Pete took over for me, pumping, slowly at first. Eventually, fucking wildly, clinging to her hips and leaving finger impressions on her juicy behind. After couple near misses, he couldn't hold it back. He screamed, "Sweetie...sweetie, squeeze it...squeeze it hard...uhhhh...uhhhh...work that dick...work it, Jo...work it! Fuck! Cumming...cummmmmmming!
