 As always, I arrived and Jodi greeted me at the door with a passionate kiss, "Sweetie, were gonna have fun tonight...Pete couldn't stopped talking about it."

"Where is my buddy?"

"He just got home from work...think he's in the kitchen."

She was wearing pajama pants and a t-shirt, bra-less, of course. The pants were covered with drafting tools and I said, "Nice protractors and triangles, Jo those are hot."

"Glad you like'm...I thought they were really cute."

At about that moment, Pete came into the room with a big Cheshire smile. He hugged me and laughed, "Dude, glad you could come play with us. Let's get a beer...if you walk this way, you can take your pick...got some new things in the fridge."

We talked about work, mostly, while I finished my beer. Pete was on his second and Jo was still working on hers.

I was almost done, when she rubbed my shoulders and ran her hands down over my back. "You know...I think it's time you boys finish those beers and meet me in the bedroom...give me a few minutes."

"Dude, you always know...she's ready." We finished and headed into the bedroom to see her, stripped naked and spread out over the bed. She handed the wet, sodden panties to Pete, "Honey, you can suck on these while Rob satisfies me." 

Pete grinned, "Babe, I'm ready...ready to watch you do some fuckin' with my bud, Rob." 

She spread her legs wider and, with her fingers, pushed her lips open to form a tiny gap. "Fuck Jodi! That pussy's a fuckin' wet dream!"

"Thanks sweetie...it is a nice pussy."

Like teenage boys, Pete and I drooled for a minute, but it wasn't long before I had my tongue riding up and down that little gap. When I pushed deeper, she moaned and I started tongue-fucking, with a slow, sensual rhythm. I felt a warmth, and a wetness, as I worked her insides with my tongue. Her pussy was quivering and flexing, from the frenzied oral attack. Dripping wet with girl juice, the taste and aroma was driving me nuts and pushing me closer...but Jo was clearly well on her way, too. 

Running my tongue over her inner lips and gently kissing her clit, I tipped my head back to look into her eyes, while I worked. When my tongue slid over the engorged bud, her body jerked; then I gave it another flick with my tongue, then another...and another. The building sexual tension had her desperate and she grabbed for the back of my head, to intensify the make-out session with her pussy. I got the message and lathered her lips with my tongue, swirling over her clit and probing as deep as I could go. Running her hands through my hair and eagerly thrusting her hips into my face, she started to ride my tongue and roll her hips with greater need. Putting all my attention on that pulsing bud brought her to the very brink. Her breathing quickened, her moans got louder and she started begging, "Mmmmmmm...that's so fucking good...ahhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...so good...make me...cum...shit...Rob...make me cum...please, make me cum! I wanna cum...yesssss...cum all...over that tongue!"

I planted my lips over top, encircling it with my mouth, and flicking it wildly. When she let go, there was a big breathless groan, "Ohhhhhhhhhhh goddddd yessssssss!" I could feel her pussy, pulsing with waves of orgasm. "Ohhhhhh honey...that's it...that's it...yesssss...yessssss...uhhhh...uhhhh...cumming...yesssssssss...uhhhh...finish meeeee...finish meeeeee! 

Now relaxed but coming back to earth, I leaned down to share my wet lips, with a long, lingering kiss. She was still dazed but we put her in the middle of the bed, between us, and teased her tits. Both swatting pretty hard, we spanked her tits with cock. The rock-hard flesh and skin-over-skin slaps were a sensory overload for all of us. We poked and prodded at her nipples, but got side tracked with some teenage dick-play and started swatting at each other. I don't know who was more turned on...Jodi or Pete and I. I think we all were turned on.

After we finished the sword fight, things quickly evolved into a tit-fucking orgy; we took turns with one of us stroking off to the side, while the other enjoyed those amazing, built-for-fucking, tits. 

I was the first to go at it; I smeared on some lube and slapped my dick between her big, fleshy mounds. She pushed them together to squeeze me tight and I started humping, faster and faster. "Yes," she squealed, "Fuck my tits...fuck'm...fuck my titties! Love it...fuck my titties!"

"They feel good, Jo...uhhhh...uhhhh...fuck! Don't wanna stop, but dude it's your turn...she is your wife."

As I pulled out, he grinned, "I know but...you know...I don't mind watching and Jo loves that big dude."

When he started thrusting, "That's it!" she yelled, "Honey fuck'm...love it when my boys fuck my titties...keep fuckin' sweetie. Use my titties...own'm...own those big titties!"

He grinned, "I think I already do...they're mine...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...and Rob's!" 

He grins and looks over at me, "Dude we own titties...whatd'ya think?"

"They're pretty nice titties."

"I know...if you own titties, you want great titties like Jo's...don't ya?"

"Sometimes, you guys are such geeks."

"But we're cute geeks...and hung?"

"You guys are cute...well-hung...geeks."

"Well, thank you."

I grinned and went further, "You know...those tits are big enough to handle two cute...well-hung geeks...maybe I could come from the top and you fuck from the bottom...where you're at. It didn't take long after we started double-fucking her tits, before she squealed, "Fuck that's nice! Pete! Honey, how's it feel to fuck my titties together...two big cocks sliding over each other...fucking these tits...sharing me with a fuck-buddy?"

"Babe...it's amazing...uhhhh...uhhhh...and dude, any time you feel like a titty-fuck, haul your ass over here...we can do it together. This's fuckin' hot!"

"And sweetie, if you're wondering, I'm always ready for titty fucking...and that big dick...anytime."

After we finished our third or fourth round with her tits, I shifted around to stand next to the bed, where I could scoot her up to the edge. With my hands gripping her thighs, I pulled her into me and pushed her legs up in the air. I slapped my dick down over her clit a few times, each eliciting an exuberant squeal. With that kind of reaction, I started dragging it over her clit, inch after inch, pumping over that swollen bud. I teased her pussy lips, running the head through the tiny crack and poking. "Honey, do it...put it in...put it in me. You're such a tease...stop teasing me."

With a big grin, I continued with the teasing and laid it across her pussy and up over her abdomen, to show how deep it could go. I grinned at them both, "I can go this deep...how deep do you want it?" 

Before she could answer Pete groaned, "As deep as you can go...I guarantee she wants it all."

Jo quickly nodded her head and grabbed for the bed, as I pushed into the heat; the head gapped her labia, but her lips gripped hard on the shaft, as if to capture all the sensory pleasure she could handle. I was about half way, when I pulled out and slowly eased back in, causing her to moan. Slowly working my way to the bottom, I kept up the teasing...pushing in a little and inching back. She screamed and moaned as I pushed deeper with slow, syncopated thrusts, each one bringing me closer to burying it all the way. When it's at its deepest, she felt full...she loved that sensation and I knew it. Pete knew it, too. She was ready to be fucked and I held it inside, just waiting for her to start bucking her hips. 

Despite the cute, almost demure, presence, Jo's needs always took over and she begged to be fucked...begged to be satisfied...begged to be used. While she was rolling her hips into me and begging for more, Pete watched and furiously stroked on his dick. More turned on than ever, he watched me pump into his wife and lean forward, to plant lingering kisses over her lips. With her legs up on my shoulders, I could grab her breasts, pressing my fingers into the thick flesh and pinching at those puffy, nips. I was shoving deep, deep into her belly, pounding hard into her cervix and pushing at her insides.

With each thrust, she moaned blissfully and her pleasure seemed to increase, as her body stiffened. With a complete submission to her needs, she was overwhelmed by an orgasm that had her screaming and quivering wildly. Deeply embedded in her belly, I felt every shudder and every scream, pulsing through her body. We had lube everywhere from tit-fucking, but Jo was so wet...so close to squirting. There was frothy, female sex dripping from her pussy...and coating my dick; it glistened in the warm cascade of candlelight.

She was coming down from orgasm; her pussy still quivered and she was panting, but now her focus was on me. Completely submitting to my needs, she grabbed her legs and pulled them back to her shoulders. Her body folded in half, she knew what I needed and was ready to be fucked...hard.

Passionately moaning, "Fuck me Rob...gimme that dick...that big dick...give it to me hard, sweetie." She squealed as I resumed the hard-fucking we both needed. Humping hard into her body, her breasts bobbed rhythmically with my thrusts. 

"Fuck me hard, sweetie...mmmmm...fuck me hard...fuck me for Pete...yessss...uhhhh...uhhhh...gimme that cum...cum in me...cummmm...cum in me! Pete...honey...you love this so much...don't you? Love it when he fucks me?"

Pete was jerking wildly, "Fuck...I do...uhhhh...uhhhh...yeah...fuck'r...fuck'r Rob...own that fucking pussy...own it!"

"That's it...you heard it...own me...Rob...own me...mmmmm...fuck me till I can't walk!"

"Fuck...I wanna own that pussy...I own that...uhhhh...uhhhh...pussy...I'm gonna fuck you, till you can't walk!"

Raggedly breathing and moaning, "I'm so cock hungry! Own me...fuck me...use me! Make me yer fuck toy...uhhhh...uhhhh...a fuck toy for yer big dick! Pete loves it when ya fuck me like this...fuck me hard...make me a fuck toy...fuck me!"

Pete mumbles, "Mmmmmm...god yessssss...love...uhhhh...uhhhh...that big dick...mmmm...fuckin' ya hard...fuckkkk!"

I look over and he's almost crazed; he looks like he's about to blow his load and needs something to prolong the pleasure...a distraction. Based on past encounters, I thought he could switch gears...and sides...I guess. Our eyes locked, "Dude, wanna taste how cock hungry she is...she's wet...her pussy's creamy...and wet...hungry for cock. Come lick yer wife off me...taste it, dude."

He grinned, "Well, when you put it that way...bring it over here and give me some." He licked up over the shaft a few times, before looking at Jo and shoving it up to his throat. I pumped a few times, giving him a good taste of his wife, and a good taste of dick. 

"Pete...honey...that's so hot...lick it all off that big dick...yessss...taste me...I'm all over that dick...it's a nice dick...so tasty...suck it good, honey. I'll give ya my pussy after Robbie...he has to fuck me...more...a lot more."

He pulled off some to surround just the head with his lips, stretching wide around the throbbing tip. Putting one hand around the base and the other under my balls, he took his time, to enjoy every inch of the hot, pulsing flesh. Very thoroughly licking over the entire length, my moans only grew louder, "Pete...mmmmm...fuck...fuck yeah...lick all that Jodi off...lick it off my dick, dude...that's it." When he started licking at the slit and probing with his tongue, I started rolling my hips. Knowing what I needed, he was determined to satisfy me and pushed it back into his mouth. This time, it was clear, he was enjoying every minute his mouth was on that dick.

When he finally pulled off and licked his lips, I pushed back into his wife and began pounding hard flesh into her pussy. All the while, knowing there was something there with Pete, my head, needless to say, quickly followed my cock back to Jodi. Impaled on my cock, his wife was tight and steamy-hot and her passionate groans filled the room...hardly something I could ignore. After battering her pussy to the edge of ecstasy, I reached down to finish her off, gently rubbing her clit between my fingers. It was swollen hard, her body quivered and her breathing was strained, "Robbie...fuck that's good...so good...yessss."

A light sheen of sweat had formed on my skin and I felt his hand run over my back and cup my ass cheek, while it flexed and humped into his wife's body. I smile over at Pete, again. "Buddy, feels good doesn't it? I like it...rub her clit, while I fuck'r."

He took over and grinned, "It does feel good, dude...fuck'r...fuck her hard...make her scream more...fuck her hard and make her scream!"

She gasped, "Fuck, I love you Pete...mmmmm...uhhhh...uhhhh...love the way you think! My two boys...uhhhh...uhhhhh...pleasuring me...makin' me cum...yer gonna make...uhhhh...uhhhh...me cum."

That thought seemed to push her over the brink and she squealed as the waves of orgasm passed through her body. Her entire body seemed to pulse and throb around my flesh and I relentlessly pumped into her belly. We both watched as her toes curled under, her back arching and every muscle in her body tensed. With her head rolling wildly over the pillow, she held onto the bedsheets and groaned, "Mmmmmmmm...yessssss...cumming...sweetie, yessssss...cumming...cum in me! Fill my pussy...uhhhh...uhhhh...with cum. Fuck me anytime, anywhere...you own me! Plant yer seed in me...gimme all that good seed!

With my swollen dick and balls, aching for release, I groaned, "Cumming...cummmmming...I'm cummmming...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...fuck...that's good...so good...cummmmming!" Finally, I drained them, with spray after spray, filling her pussy with heat. Coated inside with seed, Jodi was mine...I think I own this woman...or at least part of her. 

I stroked into the hot seed, "Get up here Pete...fuck'er with my cum...you need to own this pussy, too."

She pushed a couple fingers into the creampie and sensuously enjoyed some with her tongue. "Mmmmm...that's good...now I need yours, honey...fuck me with all his cum...fuck me through his cum."

Watching me fuck his wife was one thing, but now he was going to fuck into the creampie, I left behind. Just the thought nearly pushed him over the edge; undoubtedly, Pete wouldn't last much longer. The poor guy was so rock-hard and ready.

"Ooooohhhh...Pete...baby...fuck me...plant that seed in me...plant it in Robbie's...uhhhh...uhhhh...ohhhh...ohhhh...make me full...gimme a double one...that's my boy...gimme that big load...yessssss."

After pumping into the heat of my sex and his wife's pussy, he groaned and lost it there. I don't remember but he got, maybe, thirty or forty seconds before exploding in her pussy, "Mmmmm...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...that's sweet...yer seed...in her pussy...fuck...I'm cumming...shootin' my cum in yers...ahhhh...ahhhh...yeah...that's good...uhhhh...uhhhh...feels good...real fuckin' good...fuckkkkkkk!"

As Jo leaned back with spread legs, she offered her gapped pussy...a double creampie, seeping shiny, creamy seed.

"Dude I think we both own her...look at all that."

She laughed and gently rubbed over the puffy lips, "Nice to be owned by two big cocks...keeps my pussy happy...you know."

"Babe, that pussy keeps us happy."

As she scoops from between her legs and licks her fingers clean, "Hon, it's perfect...fucking perfect! We really need to spend more time together." 

Pete grins, "Yeah dude...it's nice to have another cock around the house...you know...to...to help out."

He was trying to be funny, but I left knowing he was comfortable with where things were headed. At first, voyeurism was fine, but now he definitely wanted more. Voyeurism wasn't enough...Pete wanted more...more from both of us. I think we do need to spend more time together.