 True stories are always the best...

Jessica's late shift was over, and her best friend Anika was meeting her for a couple drinks at their favorite spot, the Sea Dog. They were the only ladies in the house, which was not surprising since it's an old-timers' Irish gay tavern. Taking up their stools at the end of the sticky wooden bar, Anika and Jessica sipped on their too strong double screwdrivers while catching up on the weeks past events. Anika had been having boy trouble. That was great news for Jessica; she'd had a not so hidden crush on her friend for a long time. They were good friends, and there was definitely some sexual tension between the two, but Anika rarely dated women. She had a couple girlfriends go nuts on her in the past and swore off women ever since. Anika enjoyed flirting with Jessica, though, and they'd had their share of wild times together.

As the night progressed, so did the alcohol intake, and the girls were getting tipsy. Anika began bitchin' about her on-again/off-again boyfriend who'd called her up that night for a booty-call, "Rich so pissed me off! We haven't talked in three weeks and he calls me up today asking if he could come over tonight after band practice. Uhgg... I don't know why I said yes. When I told him I was meeting up with you for a drink, he actually suggested I bring you home with me tonight." Anika started laughing, "He's always fantasized about sleeping with the both of us, especially after I told him you and I made out the one night."

Jessica blushed, remembering that night; god, she wished it had been more than just a wet kiss. Perhaps this was an opportunity..."So maybe it's time we made his dream come true. He's cute enough. A little scrawny, but I'd do him, " Jessica half joked, sipping the bottom of her second cocktail.

"He doesn't even deserve us, " Anika pouted. "I know he's been fooling around with his co-worker, Abram, too. He confessed that one night Abram sucked his dick. Yet he totally denies being bisexual. All those times I begged him to consider a three-way with another guy, he always said 'No'. And what really pisses me off is that we've been dating for almost three years, yet never once did he let me fuck him in the ass! He knows how much I love using my strap-on." Shifting in her seat, Jessica nodded her head; she'd heard. "I'll be so pissed if I find out that he let Abram steal his ass-virginity first," Anika added with a scowl.

All of this explicit conversation had Jessica getting heated. Rich and Anika were a striking couple, and envisioning Rich on all fours while Anika slid her plastic dick in his ass made Jessica squirm even more on her stool. Anika was a sultry Italian-Polish girl from Boston: porcelain pale skin, dark brunette hair, and midnight black eyes, she possessed a lithe body that was a perfect armful. Rich was also Italian, with similar coloring as Anika, but sported a bad-boy look complete with tattoos and rockabilly hair. Even so, Jessica herself was probably the most striking of the three. Her robin-red hair was chopped short in a pixie cut, framing big blue eyes and a wide smile, but most preeminent of all were her full DDs that strained every shirt she owned. All three were in their mid-twenties.

"You're right, he doesn't deserve us," Jessica began, "but that doesn't mean we can't have fun with him. You have rope at your house, right? Well, let's trick him into letting us tie him up; than, he'll be helpless, and we can do whatever we want to him. He'll have no say."

Laughing in delight at the wicked idea, Anika thought it was perfect revenge. Sharing co-conspiratorial grins, Jessica and Anika paid their tab and took a taxi back to Anika's. Ten minutes later they're digging through her pleasure box, taking out their weapons of choice. Anika pulled out her favorite dildo and yards of nylon rope, while Jessica seized a leather riding crop ('we might need this'). After getting her dildo and harness set up, Anika tucked it back into the box and placed it under the bed. They ran the ropes under the mattress to secure them and laid them loose at the head and foot of the bed.

Anika stepped into her closet and dug through one of her boxes. "Look at what I found! This is perfect," she said as she triumphantly held up an old camcorder, "Let's film it." Jessica thought it was a great idea, so after checking it to make sure it was working, they hid it behind a chair in the corner. No need to concern Rich with its presence.

"Anika, how are we going to convince Rich to let us tie him up?"

Anika thought for a moment. "We'll just tell him that you're feeling shy or somethin', and that you'll be more comfortable if he lets us tie him up to begin with. We'll say it's your first threesome," she added with a disbelieving snort. Problem solved.

Rich was supposed to come over around 1:00am, and it was a quarter to, so the girls decided to strip down in preparation. Anika switched into a sheer red teddy, but Jessica just kept on the black lacy demi-bra and thong she'd shown up in. Both kept on their sexy heels. Anika gave the bed a couple of skirts of Rich's favorite perfume, and they were ready to go. They heard Rich pull up the driveway, so they got in position; Anika went to door ready to greet him, and Jessica seductively arranged herself on the bed. Anika opened the door for Rich and he evidently liked what he saw. Jessica could hear their conversation from the bedroom.

"Well, hello baby. This is how I like to be greeted at the door," Rich said while pulling Anika close to him for a rough kiss. "Mmm, nice outfit. Let's get you out of it."

"Not yet," Anika purred while slinking out of his embrace. "I have a surprise for you in the bedroom. Follow me."

Not really paying attention to anything other than the teasing glimpse of Anika's ass peaking out from the bottom of her sheer skimpy bottoms, Rich followed Anika down the hall to the bedroom. Already at half-mast, Rich's dick went ragging hard at the sight of Jessica draped on the bed. Jessica's 36DD tits were barely restrained by the bits of lace and silk that made up her bra, and Rich had a sudden urge to slide his dick between the two huge mounds. Her ass was nothing to dismiss either, and was prominently displayed by the nothing thong she wore.

"Hi Rich," Jessica coyly greeted, knowing she was making an impression on him by the strain against the front of his jeans.

"Hey..." he leered, "What, did Christmas come early this year?"

Both girls laughed at his stupid joke. Reaching over to stroke his cock through his jeans, Anika responded, "Sort of. I told Jessica that you'd always wanted to fuck both us at the same time. She thinks you're hot so... we thought tonight..." as Anika talked she ran her hand under his white t-shirt, pressing her full tits into his arm. "The only thing is..." she continues, running her hand along his stomach and sneaking under the top of his jeans, "Jessica is feeling a little shy, and she would feel a lot more comfortable if... you would let us tie you up to begin with." Rich raised his brows in disbelief, but just then Anika reached into his pants and grabbed his huge cock. "So how does that sound?" she asked, sliding her hand up and down his hard flesh.

"Well, I certainly don't want Jessica to feel uncomfortable," Rich absentmindedly agreed, pinching Anika's right nipple through her sheer top. Quickly taking off his clothes, he strolled over to the bed and kneeled down next to Jessica. "Can I at least get one kiss before you kinky girls tie me down?" Leaning over on all fours and inhaling a whiff of his spicy scent, Jessica slowly brushed her full lips across his, sliding her tongue along his bottom lip, and ending the kiss with a teasing nip.

Rich laid down on his back, naked and erect, not quite sure what was about to happen. He was a good-looking guy; dark hair, lots of tattoos, short and skinny, but his 9" cock more than made up for it. To distract him while Anika tied him down, Jessica straddled Rich's hips resting her silk covered pussy on top of his throbbing cock, and leaned in to offer him another kiss. A minute later Anika gave Jessica a slight slap on the ass to let her know she was done. Ending the kiss with Rich, Jessica turned around to continue the kiss with Anika, giving Rich an illustrious view of her ass.

"Yeah, that's hot! Bring it back over here and give me some more."

Jessica and Anika just looked at each other with grins, giggling because of what they knew and Rich didn't. Enjoying putting on a show, the girls continued their make-out, practically draped over Rich's body, rubbing up against him while their mouths and hands continued to explore each other. Rich's hands strained against the restraints attempting to feel the soft flesh so teasingly just out of reach. Rich began bucking his cock up in the air trying to make contact with the tits that were dangling inches above.

"Com'on! Let me play too!" he pouted.

"Actually, Rich, " Anika began while Jessica got off of the bed and went to the chair, "we have over plans." At that point, Jessica took the camera out of hiding and began filming.

"What's going on?" Rich demanded, looking slightly concerned tugging at his restraints.

"Don't worry," Anika purred, crawling on the bed like a slinking cat, "just relax. I promise you, we're all going to have fun tonight." With that slight reassurance Rich looked a little less alarmed, but still not happy.

"Maybe this will ease your mind," Anika took the head of his cock into her mouth, swirling her tongue around its ridge, knowing that would drive him nuts. Slurping the whole length into her mouth, Anika bobbed her head up and down, eliciting moans and whimpers from Rich. Jessica was having a fantastic time filming the erotic couple. They looked great behind the lens. Rich was sprawled wide, his cock disappearing and reappearing in Anika's mouth. She was still wearing her red teddy, with her bare ass sticking up in the air while she went to work on Rich's cock. Jessica was getting hot watching the blowjob, and decided to move the night to the next stage of plans.

Setting the camera on the dresser, still aimed at the bed, Jessica sauntered over to the bed and gave Anika a light nip on the ass. "I think Rich's had enough to last him for a while. Now you better behave tonight, or you get no more," the last being directed at Rich.

Ignoring her restricted ex-boyfriend, Anika sensually sucked on Jessica's rouged lips. On their hands and knees, sucking and licking each other's lips, they knew what a hot sight they were for both Rich and the camera. Wanting to get closer to Anika, Jessica pulled her against her body. Both still on their knees, with their tits, bellies and thighs pressed against each other, they were both shocked at the intense passion that flowed between them. They thrilled at the feel of the other. Anika's hands slid down to Jessica's exposed ass, cupping and spreading the full cheeks. She pulled the soft flesh apart, exposing Jessica's puckered hole. Jessica moaned loving the undivided attention she had always craved from Anika. Her hands slid under Anika's sheer top, feeling the soft skin under her palms as she ran her fingers along the bottoms of Anika's breasts. Her hands continued up until she had removed the teddy completely.

Wanting to feel her own naked skin against Jessica's, Anika skimmed her fingertips lightly up Jessica's back until she reached the double clasp of her straining bra. She removed it, and with another giggle she tossed it on top of Rich's face. Bouncing from their release, Jessica's huge tits grazed against Anika's, making both of their sensitive nipples go rock hard. Jessica slid one of her thighs between Anika's, and rested her wet pussy on top of the silky limb between her own legs. Rubbing and riding each other's thighs, their hands aggressively wandered all over the others' aroused body. Both were intensely excited, and even forgot about their captive. They were only aware of each other's scent, feel, and taste. Wiggling out of her thong, Jessica laid Anika back on the bed and kissed her soft white thighs. Not wanting to lose the full contact, she lay on top of Anika's body at full length, and continued to sensually kiss her juicy lips.

Jessica felt something tap against her hip. Looking up, she saw Rich propped on his side trying to rub himself against the two naked sex kittens. With his left hand, Rob had valiantly tried to reach one of the tits that swayed within inches of his fingers.

Laughing, Jessica asked Rich, "Are we neglecting you?" Taking small pity on him, she leaned over enough to let him caress her massive tits. Leaning over a bit farther, Rich was able to latch onto one of her succulent nipples with his lips. While Jessica moaned from the added attention, Rich persisted to buck on the bed trying to make searing contact with his rigid dick. Pulling away from Rich, Jessica went back to Anika now with both of them positioned on either side of him. While they kissed, Rich was able to rotate between both sets of dangling nipples. Anika reached down between them and began to tickle Rich's nut sack. With Rich spread and restrained, he was utterly vulnerable to any pleasure or pain the girls decided to bestow upon him. But it wasn't his turn yet.

"Turn around," Jessica told Anika, "I want to lick your pussy."

"Mmmm... that sounds good. What do you think, Rich, should I let her lick my pussy? Would you like to see that?" He eagerly nodded his head. "Yeah, I thought so," Anika purred to Rich.

Turning around, placing Rich's body between her arms and legs, Anika offered up her ass and pussy to Jessica. On all fours, her breathing erratic, Anika was excited to feel another woman's mouth on her pulsating pussy; almost as excited as Jessica was to finally bury her face between Anika's thighs. Jessica dived right in, eagerly lapping up Anika's cream. Jessica explored every crevice of Anika's dripping pussy, driving Anika swiftly to the edge of an orgasm. Anika couldn't believe how incredible it felt, and promptly began to fuck Jessica's face. She spread her thighs even wider, hoping for more penetration, as she uncontrollably thrust against Jessica's long tongue. Knowing what her lover needed, Jessica slipped two fingers into Anika's hot cunt, fingering and licking her simultaneously. Pussy juice was dripping down Jessica's chin and Anika's thighs. Pulling out her fingers, Jessica ran her tongue up and down Anika's pussy and ass, greedily focusing on her pink asshole. Lubing it up with her own saliva and Anika's cum, Jessica slid one of her fingers into the tight hole.

"Ohh yeah... I love that..." Anika moaned, rocking back and forth to get deeper penetration.

Jessica could easily slide her finger in and out, confirming that the entrance had been used often in the past. Jessica decided to up the ante. She slid two, than three, than four fingers into Anika's ass, fucking her, and fucking her. With her other hand, Jessica reached down to grab Rich's dripping cock. Squeezing the head, Jessica used his pre-cum to lubricate her hand. Stroking his 9" cock in one hand, fucking her in the ass with the other, Jessica knew she had both Rich and Anika at her mercy. Jessica mischievously looked over at the filming camera that was witness to the entire debauched scene and gave it a flirty wink. This was going to be one hell of a video.

Needing a little attention herself, Jessica lowered her cunt to Rich's limp palm. Realizing that Jessica was within reach again, Rob took full advantage. His fingers explored her pussy, and quickly found her scorching wet core. Her cunt was soaked and pulsing; it was tight, but begged to be entered. Jessica rode his hand in frenzy, and felt his dick get even harder in her own hand. Anika was lost in her own erotic world, having reached down between her thighs to fuck her cunt with her own dildo, while Jessica continued the vicious pounding of Anika's asshole.

Shrieking and bucking against the mattress, Anika tore her ass away from Jessica and collapsed from the most intense orgasm in memory. Convulsing, she fell on top of Rich and bit-by-bit recovered. While Anika lay panting, Jessica raised herself off of Rich's hand and repositioned herself on top of his face. Moaning into her pussy, Rich ran his tongue all over her shaven cunt, breathing in the strong scent of her musky lubrication. Her pussy was drenched in her own juice.

"You love this, don't you Rich. My own little pussy slut... eat me good or we'll give you a spanking," Jessica taunted, itching for an excuse to use her riding crop. Still on his face, Jessica turned around, leaned over, and slurped his cock into her slippery mouth. Having recovered from her own orgasm and ready for more, Anika was between Rich's legs. Up and down, Anika licked his balls and dick, occasionally sparring tongues with Jessica. Rich was beyond his wildest dreams. Two tongues on his cock, one pussy on his face, Rich tried everything he could not to burst in their faces. Slamming his dick deep into Jessica's throat, Rich exploded a huge load of sticky cum. Out of habit, Jessica swallowed. Pissed off, she rolled off of Rich.

"Useless! I was looking forward to getting fucked by a cock," she pouted.

"Roll over. I'll fuck you," Anika offered.

Impatiently, Jessica rolled onto her stomach and raised her ass slightly up in the air, eager to get fucked by Anika. Pulling out her harness, Anika placed her dildo into its position and adjusted the strap-on securely. Running the tip of her dick up and down Jessica's wet slit, Anika teased Jessica's slick pussy and watched it swell from arousal. Hearing Jessica beg her to fuck her only brought more torture from Anika; she popped the head of her dick in and out of Jessica's pussy, not going more than an inch deep. Unable to bear it, Jessica impaled her pussy on Anika's dick, slamming her pussy into Anika, frantic to be fucked back. Anika responded with a hard slap on the ass.

"No you don't. Behave or I'll pull my dick out of your cunt."

Jessica slowed down. She loved the feel of Anika filling up her pussy with her big plastic dick. Anika continued to tease Jessica, but now with long erratic strokes. Jessica raised her ass up even higher to give Anika better access to her cunt. Reaching for herself, Jessica rubbed her clit in circles, faster and faster, until she came. Anika continued to ride her hard, slapping her on the ass, and brought Jessica to a quick second orgasm.

Pulling her cum coated dick out of Jessica, she turned her attention onto Rich. Rich had gotten hard again while voyeuring his ex-girlfriend fuck her gorgeous best friend. Seeing his hard dick, Anika crawled off the bed to untie his ankles.

"I'm glad your excited, Rich, because I'm going to fuck you like I've always wanted to. Jessica, help me flip him over."

The girls flipped Rob onto his stomach, and than brought him up onto his elbows and knees. His arms were twisted, but he was comfortable enough, and with him in position they quickly retied his ankles.

"Wha-what are you going to do? I thought you wanted me to fuck you," Rich nervously asked.

"No, Rich, you're not going to fuck me. Tonight, I'm going to fuck you," Anika corrected him while reaching between his thighs to stroke his cock. He was harder than ever. "Don't worry," she said with a final squeeze, "you'll love it."

With that said, Anika lubed up her purple dick and began to tease his entrance with the head of her strap-on. Jessica had picked up the video camera and was filming the devirgining of Rich's ass, making sure to get plenty of close-ups. Going slow, Anika gradually put the bulbous head into Rich's asshole. Sensing him tense up, Anika reached down to continue to stroke his twitching dick. It was rock hard and dripping pre-cum all down its shaft; Anika knew he'd love this. Stroking his dick did the trick, and feeling his sphincter muscles loosen up Anika slowly sunk her 6" plastic cock all the way into his ass. Letting go of his pulsating meat, Anika slowly slid her dick in and out of his ass. Below her Rich was gasping and groaning from the pleasure/pain of his first fucking. Knowing Jessica was filming her drove Anika wild, and unable to help herself she quickly increased the pace. Rich also had lost himself to the new sensations, and was completely oblivious to the camera filming every contortion of his face and every thump of the cock in his ass. Only aware of the building pressure in his nut sack, Rich was desperate to cum.
