 I thought I'd open with a cocktail...you'll see why, as you read further. The Manhattan, a classic whiskey cocktail, played a key role in the evening, I'm sharing. Like a Martini, the Manhattan uses a base spirit (whiskey) with vermouth. The Martini uses dry vermouth while the Manhattan uses sweet vermouth. Although, with the right whiskey, dry vermouth can be used to create Dry Manhattan. Again, like the Martini, people often develop a preferred ratio of whiskey to vermouth. The 4:1 in this recipe is a good starting point and you may find that it needs to change, depending on the particular whiskey you choose. The cherry is the customary garnish for most Manhattans though an orange peel or twist works nicely as well. If you opt for a cherry, look for Luxardo cherries or consider making your own, because those bright red maraschinos found at the liquor store are not as natural as you may think.

Ingredients:

2 ounces rye whiskey or bourbon

1/2 ounce sweet vermouth

2-3 dashes Bitters

Maraschino or Luxardo cherry for a garnish

Directions:

Pour the ingredients into a mixing glass with ice cubes. Stir well and strain the liquid into cocktail glass. Garnish with the cherry or a twist.

**************************************************

Pete hugged me at the door and Jo came bearing drinks. "Tonight, we're going with a classic...I know you'll like it!"

She handed me a drink and I asked, "Manhattan?" 

"Yup...what do you think?"

I smiled and kissed her, "Things can't be any better, sweetie."

It had been a couple months, or more, since our last encounter and Jodi was excited as hell to have me over. But knowing them and our history, together, they were both excited. Pete led me out to the patio and to show me the new French doors they had put in, tying their bedroom into the patio. "Now, we wake up, overlooking the patio and garden...it's one of the best things we ever did to this house."

"Cool furniture!"

Things progressed rapidly, when she took my hand and led me into the house, "We both love it...and you'll see why."

The minute we walked through the door, into the bedroom, she stretched up to push her tongue into my mouth, passionately kissing and groping at me. I responded by sucking on her tongue and pressing my lips into hers. Teasing each other with kisses, she rubbed her hands up over my chest and closed her fingers over a healthy bulge between my legs. She squirmed with anticipation and I was taking my time...it drove her nuts. Abruptly, she gave in and dropped to her knees to fumble with my belt. Still holding a drink in my hand (I wasn't letting go...it was a damned good drink), she pulled my dick out and had it in her hands. The fact that I was a little bigger than her husband, always had a big impact on Jodi. "Fuck, look at this! I think you grew!" Cradling it...and admiring it, she stroked me, "Shit...I'm in love with this thing."

"Pete, I think he's bigger than before!" 

"Have you been doing some male enhancement crap...that stuff that's supposed to enlarge things?"

"No...nothing like that...I think, it is what it is...I wish it were bigger. You're doing incredible things for my ego, though." At the moment, it did look good...I was all hard and the head was really swollen; it was pulsing-full, purplish and almost shiny. She licked over the very tip and swirled her tongue all around the shaft, flicking over the backside of the corona/ridge; she made it feel so good. Almost immediately, lust completely took over and she took the head into her mouth and bobbed it deeper. 

Pete coaxed or teased her, "Take it Jo...you love that big fuckin' cock...know ya love it! 

He sat back, watched and nursed his drink, "Fuck'er with it, Rob...fuck'er!" Working on her mouthful, she made eye contact, with those big beautiful eyes. She paused to ask, "Sweetie, are you comfortable? Having a good time?" 

Pete and I, both, answered, "Fuck yea!" We all laughed about our confusion.

She pounded it up against her throat a few more times before pulling off. We listened as she informed us that she wanted to recreate a scene from one of his favorite movies (threesome porn, of course); it was a scenario where the boyfriend watched his girlfriend fuck some well-hung stranger. A tired and often-used plot, but I was the hung stranger...you gotta like that. He quickly downed his drink and we tied his hands behind his back, positioning him on the bed. "Rob...buddy, you're gonna like this; I know I will."

She planned to straddle his face and have me come from behind, with his face right under the action. The thought of a dick plowing into his wife, inches from his face, had him hard-as-a-rock, already. It wasn't difficult to see this would be perfect; he could enjoy the entire show...it was his fantasy, close-up. My balls were almost rubbing his forehead; it would drive him crazy...and to top things off, he was in for a wet mix of sex and lube, over his face. 

After assessing things, we thought he could reach up and lick on her pussy...so, I added some rope over his chest. This kept him from raising his head to join the fun...he was there to watch, not play. 

"Rob, looks like we got another problem."

"What's that, hon?"

"Look at where his dick is...I don't know if I can resist that...it's so fucking tempting." 

"Honey, you got a really juicy lookin' dick."

I watched Pete grin, "Thanks sweetie."

I wanted to ask right then, if she was open to sharing. Undoubtedly drooling, I wanted to wrap my lips around that thing...so fucking bad. He was fuckin' hot...a hot, sexy guy, with a beautiful cock. I know Jodi would've gone for it without any hesitation, but I didn't want to say too much; I really didn't know if he was open to something like that. I guess my momentary self-control was borne from my selfish side...I didn't want to fuck up a good thing. I loved our little arrangement! Who wouldn't? It was serious friends-with-benefits...I almost had carte blanche to fuck the brains out of a hot babe, while her husband watched. Off course, it didn't hurt that she loved to fuck...and, to be honest, the cock-worship vibe I get from Jo, is amazing. All I could safely get out was, "Dude, it is sweet...you got some nice, meat there...uh...Jo, you wanna lube me?" 

She squealed, "Ohhh yessssss...got some right here!" She spread his favorite lube (cherry) over me, "Mmmmmm...it still feels big...and heavy, in my hands...it's gonna feel sooooo goooood!" She licked a little from the tip and replaced it with another pump from the bottle. "Sweetie, you got a long night ahead...need to get him ready for some hard work!"

I grabbed some and rubbed it over her clit...then I swirled it over the entrance and pushed some in. She was tight around my finger, but really didn't need the lube; she was more than ready, already crankin' out juice. I rubbed myself between her legs and slapped it over her ass, a couple times. "Honey, can you see him swat me with that big thing...bet it's fun to watch." 

I laughed, "Babe, it's your ass that's fun to watch!"

"Fuck...yea," was all Pete could muster. 

Her sexually-charged moans only diminished the foreplay and teasing. She looked back between her legs and encouraged me to slide it in. "Mmmmmm...he's gonna put it in, honey...mmmmmmm...it's gonna feel sooooo good...so fuckin' gooooood!"

From the longer, drawn-out moans, I know her eyes rolled back in her head, as I slowly penetrated the tight, little gap. Indicating it was long overdue, she panted and groaned as her lips stretched and strained to welcome me. After all, it'd been awhile...a couple months since my last visit. I got more serious and tensed-up, pushing it as deep as I could. Just letting her acclimate, I inched out half way and pushed back in, several times. Gradually, I built up to long, thorough strokes...still slow, but letting her feel the entire length slide through those lips. I could tell she was appreciating every inch, "Uhhh...uhhh...uhhh...yessssssssssss...

yesssssss...uhhh...uhhh...uhhh!" 

I wrapped my hands around the small of her waist and pulled her back, each time I plunged back in...now, thrusting harder...and faster. She added to the sensation, by moving in unison and rolling her hips with mine. 

I looked down and noticed Pete going after some juice with his tongue; he enjoyed every drop he could reach. Just inches from his face, he moaned, "Mmmmmm...she's wettttt...so wet...fucking wet...and tight." 

"Uhhh...uhhh...it is wet...wet for his big dick, Pete! I'm wet for his biggggg dick!" 

Jodi moaned. "Oh god...uhhh...uhhh...yesssssss, fuck meeee...ha...rd...harder...uhhh...uhhh!" 

"Honey, oh god, he's fuckin' me...so...deep...pushing my cervix...its deep in my belly."

He was really enjoying the show. "I wanna see ya stretch her...fuck'er, good...fuck'er...she needs to be stretched...and fucked hard! Dude, fuck'er...her labia grabs yer cock when you pull out...fuck, she's tight...so fuckin' tight!"

"Uhhh...Rob, stretch me...with that biggggg...thing...that's it stretch...me...stretch me...stretch me...keep...fucking meeeee! That's it...fuck me hard...oh, fuck...don't stop...fuck me!"

Now I was givin' it all, pummeling my hips into her and slamming with everything I had.

"Fuck, Rob...uuhhh...uhhh...fuck...don't wanna take it out...but...I wanna suck that thing...missed it...misssssed it...been too long...I wanna suck for awhile...can I suck it?"

"Honey, it's all yours...and you just said it...we got all night." I pulled out and it swayed back and forth over his face; it even dripped a little sex on his nose. 

She turned around to take it, right there, over the top of Pete. She was totally serious about giving him a show, "Honey look at all that pussy he's got...it's covering him. Taste it...lick some off...I know you wanna."

Apprehensive, he'd never touched another guy's dick before and certainly not with his tongue. She egged him on, "You know you want some of that pussy...lick him...taste what I taste....feel it on your tongue the way I feel it...we can share."

That was all it took before he started lapping up his wife's juicy sex. Something I didn't expect, but I was certainly liking it. The only problem with all this...I'm fucking bi! I was so fucking horny, I wanted to drive it into his throat, but figured that could be a little much for someone I thought to be solidly heterosexual. At least I thought he was...but, maybe he's not? My dick surged with excitement, jumping upward to almost vertical...I actually had to push it back down onto his tongue. They, maybe, didn't know how much this turned me on. They'd both seen my site...it's very clear that I enjoy men...and was bi! They didn't know anything about my involvement with Tara and Bryan...or Justin and Racheal...never talked about it. But, Jodi certainly knew about Eric...at lunch, a few months back, I told her all about our relationship and what he meant to me. Anyway, I guess it didn't matter so much...everybody was just fuckin' horny. I refrained from fucking his mouth, but damn...it wasn't easy. I found myself focused on how good it felt to have a sexy guy licking me and a very, sexy Jodi waiting, almost begging, to take over...wild woman style! It felt like she was probably there to rescue me from my desire to fuck her husband...she surely felt the tension.

I finally got back into things and emphasized the hetero-side, "Mmmm, that pussy! Your wife tastes good...doesn't she?" He replied with some mumbling and kept licking. I think he was liking the pussy-covered dick, but I didn't really know how much he could handle. I continued to play along, because I knew what she wanted to do...she wanted him to be part of the sex. Once he finished, I rubbed it over his face and pressed into his cheek.

"That's it let him feel all that cock...let him feel how big...how hard you are."

"Honey, think about how it feels inside me...he's so satisfying...you want me satisfied?

"Ohhhh fuck yes...satisfy her...dude, satisfy her with that big thing!"

"Ohhh god, I'm such a slut for cock...fuckin' look at that thing." She went into cock-worship mode, "You're big...bigger than my sweetie...you both got beautiful cocks, but this thing's sweet! It's long, thicker...and yer balls are bigger...fuller." She dove forward to envelope me with her mouth, sliding up and down, the entire length. Her tongue gently bathed the tip and probed for precum, while her hand supported my balls...I gently pushed the back of her head, urging her deeper. It was short lived, though, because we had the same needs; she was already bobbing deeper and ramming it up against her throat...right where I wanted it.

"Honey, since your out of commission...I need this and your gonna suck it clean after I'm done." She grabbed a dildo and worked it, in and out...in and out...while I fucked her mouth. 

"Mmmmm, that's nice, Jo!"

She used a hand to stroke the shaft while sucking at the head really hard. She sat back and admired the way it glistened with spit and lube. I was so hard, smooth, thick...heavy in her hand. She kissed up and down the shaft, working her way to the balls and back up to the tip. I moaned when she took it back in her mouth, thoroughly swirling her tongue over the surface. I closed my eyes and groaned appreciatively, totally content with the affection she's giving my dick. She couldn't take it all and gagged a little, but she swallowed more and more, until my pubes almost her nose. 

Faster and faster she bobbed, her lips stretched tight around the shaft, her tongue lapping and swirling and worshiping. I could barely speak when she backed off a little to focus and flick at the hard, pulsing head. "Dude, you ready for me to fuck yer wife...some more?"

"Yea...fuck'er hard...make'er scream, dude...she likes it hard!"

She straddled him again and backed up to me, positioning that breathtaking ass right in front of me. I pulled the dildo from her and licked it like a veiny popsicle. Looking down at Pete, I placed the bulbous tip between his lips and scooted the shaft over his tongue. Jo looked back and smiled as her hungry men shared a sex-covered toy, "Mmmmmm, that's beautiful...my guys playing together!" 

We licked it clean, before I threw it aside and grabbed her waist; I pulled that hot ass towards me and plunged myself through her lips. I started pumping, with her beautiful ass bouncing back, eager to meet each thrust. The sounds of serious, hardcore-sex filled the room, with my hips slapping up against her and wet, sloppy sounds from her pussy. After a long stretch, she straightened to stand up on her knees, over his face, while her fingers played over her clit, rubbing circles. I continued to fuck up into her. The sensation of a cock, combined with her diddling, was too much. She began to moan and toss her head around like some wild animal, as the sex began to overwhelm her. I lost myself in the rhythm of fucking and grabbed for her tits; they were animated by the constant pounding. I had both hands on her breasts, groping...and mauling. Along the very bottom, where they creased from the weight, she was moist with sweat...I so wanted to enjoy that salty skin with my tongue. Amazing...fucking tits...they were big, firm to touch, but with smooth supple skin that felt taut or full. I tweaked her nipples; they were hard and puffy between my fingertips. Her moans only grew louder and more frequent...I longed to spin her around and explore every fucking inch of those tits with my tongue. I couldn't get them out of my head.

Finally the moans reminded me that I was there to satisfy Jodi...and certainly Pete...not just myself. Over and over, I pushed into her with such force, her whole body jerked. I think we all would've been satisfied if this could go on forever, especially Pete; he had the best seat in the house.

Totally lost in the sensations, I finally notice that our breathing was growing heavy and her body had stiffened. I pushed her hand aside and took control, wildly rubbing her clit. She screamed, "Gonna cum...yessssssss...that's doin' it, Rob...Robbbbieeeee...yer...yer makin' me cummmmmmm...cummmmmmm...cummmmmming! Ohhhhh...yesssssssssssssssss...yesssssssssssss!"

During this rush of excitement, I realize that I was starting to build, deep inside. She was still bucking into me and screaming, but, at some point, I moved both hands to grip her hips, again. Still moaning and screaming from the waning orgasm, I held her solidly in place, while I fucked with even greater vigor. I felt things boiling up through the shaft...it was on its way; I planted my dick as deep as I could and let loose. I shuddered with each pulse and drained my balls deep in her belly. "Uhhh...uhhh...Jodi, I'm gonna cummmm...tooo! Cummmmmming...m'cummmmming...cummmmming! Fuckkkkk...cummmming...cummmming! Uhhh...uhhh...uhhh!"

"Yea baby...cum for me! Give it to me...gimme it all!" 

"Pete...can ya see? He's fillin' me...with...cum...fuck, it's a big load!"

I pumped a couple final strokes, into the creampie, before pulling out. My dick flopped down onto his cheek, bringing with it strands of sticky cum. He moaned, lost in the pleasure of the moment he'd been waiting for...a big cock satisfying his wife. Things started to turn in directions, we certainly didn't expect. Until we talked, later that evening over dinner, we didn't know what was going on with Pete...at the time, I guess he wasn't sure either. He told us that he was "swimming in confusion." I remember watching a tongue slide from his lips to feel, or taste, what landed on his face. After he got his taste, his look changed...he still appeared tentative, but comfortable, and went back for more. "Squeeze it out, Jo...let's see that big creampie." When the sex drained from her pussy, most of it dripped down his neck. She may have missed the mark, but it seemed no less satisfying for Pete...he licked up everything he could reach. 

Sort of...figuring things out, I scooped some from his neck and carefully brushed it over his lips. Jodi turned to watch, "That's it, honey...it's all from my pussy...it's okay...enjoy it...its okay." She scooped a finger through her pussy, and licked it. "I love it too, Honey." Leaning in to sample what landed on his neck, she said in a soft, loving voice, "We can share, if you want."

After the exchange, I untied Pete and laid next to him on the bed. Jodi was beaming with a big smile and kissed us, both. "You two really are the best...and Pete...honey, you're the best husband in the world!" She smiled with contentment and gently slid her hand over a puffy, satisfied pussy and down over her thighs. 

"Why don't you guys...my guys...get another cocktail...make one for me, too?"

Pete looked over, "Rob, if you don't mind we can order out? After all that, I don't think cooking a meal sounds good." 

"Honey...no, I got us covered. Things are ready to go...it'll just take a few minutes to finish. I knew you guys'd be hungry, so I have hors d'oeuvres ready. All you have to do is pull'm out of the fridge."

"Sweetie, you are amazing...the best wife in the world!"

"I'll gladly take that...but Honey, you're both gonna think I'm amazing...amazing beyond measure." 

"Jo what're you thinking?"

"Just wait and see...we're not done...I've got more planned for you two! Just give me ten and a shower...I'll meet you boys on the patio. I'll just say, keep yourselves horny!"

I smiled at Pete, "Has that ever been a problem?"

"Never...not especially."

"Well, please let us do something, while you're in the shower."

"You can dig in to the hors d'oeuvres and I'll take a vodka-cranberry. Oh, I got something you could do...go cut some fresh dill for the sandwiches?"

Satisfied with some way to help, I replied, "Got it...we can do that."

Fresh drinks in hand, Pete and I were shirtless and wearing or boxers. It was a scene...gathering the last warmth of the sun, we had settled into some serious male bonding on the chaise lounges. Our conversation ranged from what we were doing at work to plans for gutting their kitchen and, of course, Jodi. 
