 This story is fiction. Fantasy. Not real. All characters are over 18.

*****

Mr. Black was preparing for another of his 'natural instinct' experiments. He interviewed members of the school's athletic teams, looking for young men with strong, muscled bodies and attractive looks. The equivalent of 'young bucks' from the animal kingdom. He had them strip to their underwear, and asked them a series of questions, one of which was, "How big is your penis when erect?" He chose the four biggest amongst the best looking young men. They were indeed handsome boys—two with dark ebony skin and two well tanned but creamy white.

On the morning of the experiment Mrs. Higgs from the library walked into Mr. Black's large room, the old wooden floor creaking a bit as she approached his desk. She looked very unsure of herself. 

The boys walked in as a group, smiling and joking with each other as boys do, but the quiet of the big room and Mr. Black's serious expression silenced them and they stood off to the side of Mrs. Higgs, also looking unsure of the situation.

"I'm conducting experiments here that study natural instinct," Mr. Black said, his voice somehow quiet and booming at the same time. "If any of you are uncomfortable with what happens here you are free to leave at any time. Please read this carefully and sign it."

He handed out a clipboard to each person with a paper attached, a standard confidentiality agreement about the experiment. The five subjects look them over, and the sound of pens signing names was the only sound in the big room for a few minutes.

"Nothing that happens here is spoken of outside these walls," he said when they were through. "And as you just witnessed, I also signed a contract." He handed it to Mrs. Higgs to examine. "It states that any of the study materials generated during this experiment are only to be seen by myself and those assisting me. Any written hypothesis or published papers will not include names or anything that will link you to these experiments. Your confidentiality is assured."

Mrs. Higgs smiled politely, wondering what all the fuss was about as she handed the paper back to Mr. Black. Schools are way too careful these days about legal matters, she thought.

"Gentlemen, please remove your shirts," Mr. Black said.

He walked to a work table and picked up a plastic container and a paintbrush.

"This is water-soluble paint designed for skin. I'm going to mark each of you with a number on your chest and on your back. When we're through here you'll be able to wash it off easily in the athletic department showers."

What he didn't tell any of them was that the numbering would be most useful upon playback of the video that was being recorded by four cameras up on the ceiling. He thought knowledge of that type of thing happening would color the experiment, perhaps even keeping Mrs. Higgs from participating.

The boys were marked 1,2,3 and 4, smiling as it happened, but keeping any good-natured ribbing to themselves in the face of Mr. Black's seriousness.

"All right," Mr. Black said. "You may disrobe completely now, while the paint is drying."

The boys eyes grew, and they looked at each other.

"You mean...everything?" Number Three asked.

"Yes, please," Mr. Black said.

The boys looked at each other again and started slowly unfastening their pants. All of them glanced at Mrs. Higgs at one point or another in their undressing, and just moments later they were all naked. Two of them held their hands nervously in front of their crotches, and two of them stood proudly, hands at their sides.

"Please undress now Mrs. Higgs," Mr. Black said.

"Undress? You want me to undress as well?" she said, her eyes growing as she thought about the request. "But...what...what would the board say about this Mr. Black?"

"They know of my experiments."

But...my husband. What of my husband?" she said, her voice fainter and tightening as she looked in the direction of the naked young men.

"These experiments are confidential, Mrs. Higgs," Mr. Black said, and he gave her the quiet time she needed to gather her thoughts.

"Confidential," she said quietly as she slowly rose from her chair.

She tugged her skirt down instinctually, and almost smiled when she wondered why she bothered if it was all coming off. Her mind raced, questioning her motives and thinking about her proud 'proper lady' status in the community. Would taking off her clothes in this manner, for science, jeopardize that? And would it even be possible for her to do it? Would her hands let it happen? How could she possibly take her clothes off in front of four stunningly handsome naked young men, all of them students that she saw in the library often? And then there was Mr. Black, a man she had fantasized about more than once when her husband made love to her.

The question of whether her hands could even do it was answering itself— her fitted blazer was sliding down her arms as her mind spun, and her arms laid it on the chair without any sensation of touch or movement. It was like all her senses had shut down—there was no sound, no feel, she wasn't even sure what she was looking at anymore as her hands went to the buttons on her blouse. She did feel the slight change in temperature as her blouse slipped down her arms, the dry air of the big room hitting the moist skin of her bare belly.

She removed her clunky, big-healed shoes, and the next thing she knew she was lowering the side zipper on the below-the-knee length skirt that matched the blazer, a nice looking tweed that she was glad she had chosen that morning. Gravity took the skirt down, guided by the hands she still couldn't feel, and she stepped out of it and laid it on the chair with the rest of her things. A white satin slip with pretty lace at the bottom was next, moving with a smooth shimmer down her slightly plump legs. 

She was less happy about her morning's choice of underwear. Not quite granny panties, but something disappointingly close to them covered her round behind. Her bra was also something her grandmother would probably have been comfortable with. Without understanding why, she removed them both, and the dry air caressed every inch of her, her somewhat large breasts sagging only slightly, their chunky fullness a highlight of her middle-aged body. She didn't look at herself, but she knew from instinct that her big nipples were standing proudly at attention. Mr. Black did nothing, watching quietly as all his naked subjects slowly got used to the situation. Mrs. Higgs' breathing was the loudest thing in the room.

The biggest change, other than Mrs. Higgs being on full and glorious display, was the state of the boys penis's. All had grown into erections, and even the previously proud 'hands free' boys were now covering up and holding them down. They were a magnificently large bunch, and their hands weren't big enough to keep the hard appendages from view. Mrs. Higgs tried not to look, but she was unable to keep herself from some direct glances, and her peripheral vision was full of young cock, which did nothing to quiet her heavy breathing.

"Mrs. Higgs, we're looking into instincts here, so would you please describe what you're feeling, with regard to those type of thoughts," Mr. Black said.

"Oh my," Mrs. Higgs said. "I don't know if I...those type of thoughts you say? I suppose you want brutal honesty." 

Mr. Black was silent.

"My instincts...are...to touch all these beautiful boys," she said. "Touch them where I shouldn't touch them."

Some of the boys breathing got a bit louder, and two of them readjusted their hands, trying in vain to contain their huge erections.

"My instincts are base and primitive," she continued, breathing even louder and deeper. "Deep and Primitive. Deep and warm. Very warm...my goodness Mr. Black, is your thermostat stuck?"

Boy number two smiled even though he was trying hard not to.

"My instincts are to kiss that smiling boy, and take his hard...his...take a hold of him and feel..."

"You can speak freely Mrs. Higgs, please. And please move and act on whatever you feel," Mr. Black said.

"Freely...oh my..." Mrs. Higgs said, fidgeting a bit on her feet and acting like she didn't know what to do with her hands. "Freely," she said again, exhaling loudly through her nostrils.

She was back in that same sensory deprivation zone she was in when she undressed, not really feeling her body properly, not knowing if she was standing or sitting, and once again unsure of something as simple as what she was looking at. Her mind was completely unfocused when she found herself standing in front of boy number two, her hand pulling the back of his neck down, her mouth going to his, and her other hand finding his quite massive ebony colored cock.

"Please add to your thoughts whenever you wish Mrs. Higgs," Mr. Black said.

"My instincts are...very primitive Mr. Black, as you can imagine," Mrs. Higgs said.

"For this experiment today, it's best if you act on them," Mr. Black said. "Imagining them won't further the science."

"Oh my," she said, clearly hot, bothered and flustered.

"Feel free to use the rest of the lab, anything you'd like," Mr Black said.

Mrs. Higgs had noticed a large bed when she'd walked in, but didn't think much about it at the time. It was in the middle of the room, unencumbered with blankets, just a clean grey sheet stretched smooth and tight.

Without thinking much she took Number Two's hand and led him to the bed. She sat on the edge, and after a brief moment she let her upper body fall back onto the cool sheet, her eyes finally able to focus on something, a long florescent light fixture on the ceiling.

Number Two looked at her, with her legs spread halfway open and her lovely tits oozing softly of the sides of her. He looked at Mr. Black who nodded at the young man.

Number Two dropped slowly to his knees and inhaled the moist, musky scent of Mrs. Higgs pussy, the lips open ever so slightly and glistening with wetness. His mouth opened and engulfed the entire thing, his tongue splitting her open and slithering through the wetness.

"Oh God help me," Mrs. Higgs moaned.

"Shall we gather 'round gentleman?" Mr. Black said, and the three other boys surrounded the bed, moving slowly and quietly.

"Please add to your thoughts whenever you wish Mrs. Higgs," Mr. Black said.

"My thoughts?" she said with a breathless giggle. "Good Lord Mr. Black!"

"Whenever you wish Mrs. Higgs. Your instincts, remember?" he said quietly and calmly.

"Yes," she said, gasping for breath as Number Two went to town on the library lady's pussy. "My instincts."

After a few more gasped breaths, with her hands gathering the tight bedsheet in her clutches, she continued, barely getting the words out as the pleasure from Number Two's tongue overtook her.

"My instincts...are to touch myself," she said, and she did, squeezing her tits tight in her hands, and she moaned deeply. "My instincts...are to let these beautiful boys touch me, everywhere," she said breathily as she looked up at them. "With their hands...with their mouths...with every inch of their manhood. Oh God help me..."

Mr. Black nodded at the boys, and they slowly and gently moved in on her. Her hands went back to clutching the sheet, leaving her soft tits wide open for the descending mouths. Mrs. Higgs let out a trembling exhale as her body was engulfed, smothered out by a moist kiss from Number Four. She moaned a long, crying moan into his mouth.

The sensation of being ravaged was unlike anything Mrs. Higgs had ever experienced, and she quickly lost herself in it, oblivious to right and wrong, or even up and down. Her world was out of control. Gloriously, wonderfully, for the first time in her life, out of control.

"Somebody fuck me!" she said, quietly but forcefully. 

Number Two, who had been priming her pump for many minutes, looked up at Mr. Black who nodded at him. Number Two stood, and Mrs. Higgs got a glimpse of the rock hard hunk of ebony wood in his hand. It was massive, unlike anything she had ever seen. Mrs. Higgs was not a porn watcher, and the thought that something like Number Two's cock even existed had never crossed her mind before. Now it was about to force its way into her dripping wet pussy.

"My instincts are to scream 'it won't fit!'" she said. "And my instincts are to welcome it, welcome it like something I didn't even know I craved. God I want it so bad!"

Six hands and three mouths took her out of this world as the massive cock split her open down below. Fuller and so much deeper than anyone had ever been inside her, her pussy squeezed and compressed Number Two, playing with his mind in a way that was new to him. He was inexperienced sexually, and none of his young lovers had let his huge cock all the way in before. He was always left with four inches or so on the outside of heaven, wondering what it would be like to be taken fully. Mrs. Higgs took him fully, and it was glorious. A big beautiful cock, buried to the hilt in a steaming, squeezing pussy, slipping out eight inches or more with a shiny glint from the florescent lights before plunging balls deep again, a slow rhythm establishing itself as if directed by an unseen conductor.

Mrs. Higgs was gone from the thoughtful world, her mind shut down from the mundane but opened wide to the beautiful. A rush had overtaken her with more power than any narcotics could muster, and Number Two's huge cock was what was dosing her, injecting her with a natural high that grew with each plunge of the big black needle.

The intensity grew rapidly all around her, all the boys moaning as they ravaged her, with more vocal encouragement welling up from a quiet beginning.

"You go girl," Number One said quietly as Mrs. Higgs moans became quiet screams. "You like us eatin' your tits?" She looked at him with wild, frantic eyes and nodded.

"You wanna help me with my cock Mrs.?" Number Four asked as he straddled her head, and he tea-bagged his long white meat into her eager, open mouth.

"Oh fuck yeah! That looks hot!" Number Three said, and he knelt beside her so she could work his long black cock with her hand.

Number One did the same on the other side of her.

Number Two blew his young load inside her, his red hot cock unable to take the balls deep fucking for very long. He cried a deep moan as he blew, and it triggered a searing hot orgasm in Mrs. Higgs, one for the ages in anyone, but in her it was positively shattering. Before she had any clue about reality again, Number Two was out and Number Three had plunged into her hot, wet hole.

Somewhat more experienced with his ten inch tool, he went to town in the writhing, screaming woman, her tits flailing fore-and-aft in a blur.

"Oh yeah!" Number Four said, trying in vain to keep his tea bag in the tea. "Look at her fuckin' go!"

"She's fuckin' hot man!" Number One said.

The screams emanating from Mrs. Higgs were almost constant, a wavering shriek that was exhausting the poor woman's vocal chords. Number Three blew off deep inside her as Number Two had done, and when her wavering shriek died down Mr. Black held up his hand and let things calm for a moment.

"Instincts Mrs. Higgs?" he asked calmly.

She could barely speak. A whimpering, choppy, breathy voice croaked out of her. "Two more cocks," she said.

Mr. Black nodded at the boys, and Number One took charge. He went and got one of the brown leather cushions off the nearby couch, rolled the still reeling woman to the side of the bed, and placed the cushion at the edge. He helped her climb on, bent over the cushion in doggy position, her feet barely touching the floor. White cream ran down the inside of her legs, and Number One's long cock slid into the source of the ooze. Mrs. Higgs was quickly back in the fray.

"Oh yeah! Fuck me! Fuck me!" she said, her first vocal encouragement since the start.

Number Two had recovered from his monumental orgasm, and his huge black muscle stuffed Mrs. Higgs mouth. Her muffled screams quickly built, and when he misjudged a thrust and slipped out of her mouth her unmuffled cry rattled the windows.

Number One was experienced too, and the deep doggy style he was giving Mrs. Higgs was touching something new, something she didn't know she had.

"Fuck! Don't fuckin' stop that! Oh my God!" she screamed.

Number One was relentless, and drove her insanely high. At the peak he could take no more and blew, but Number Four was at his side and the hand off was almost seamless. The new, well rested stud hit her with ever ounce of his young energy, his extra fat eight inches of white meat carrying Mrs. Higgs to the mighty temple of pleasure, the place few ever go, a seat on a flying golden throne soaring through space at a million miles-per-hour.

———————

The boys wiped themselves clean as best they could, dressed themselves, and headed for the showers down in the gym locker room to wash off their numbers. Mrs. Higgs, after a rest on the messy, rumpled bed, cleaned herself at Mr. Blacks laboratory sink with some small white towels, first taking care of the caking white goo on her thighs and then wiping her whole body down with a warm wet towel. She pulled on her old fashioned panties, strapped her nice tits into her plain looking bra, and pulled on her lace trimmed slip. Her skirt, blouse and jacket completed the conservative look, and she looked herself over and combed out her hair in a small mirror. Next to Mr. Black's desk, where he was making notes on the session, she slipped on her shoes.

"I'm available...for...further studies," Mrs. Higgs said, sounding a bit unsure of herself again. She nervously tugged at her skirt as she turned and walked out, her clunky heels clicking softly on the old wood floor.