 Hi Everyone,

This is an older story of mine. Like all of my stories, the characters are all at least 18 and this is fantasy, not reality. Please note the difference. Thanks! 

*

“Eat as much candy as you want,” Robert told me and he pointed to the bowl of candy jawbreakers on the counter. “The children only get one each before bed, but remind them not to swallow them please.” 

“Yes, of course,” I told him. 

“The kids need to be in bed by 10pm, too,” Vicky said.

“Ten it is,” I told them. 

“And stay out of our bedroom,” she added as they headed out the door. 

“Don’t worry! Have fun!” I said as they left their children without saying good-bye. The kids seemed to do better that way. I turned my attention to them and we watched about four episodes of their favorite show about a live-in nanny that becomes a part of the family. They ate their jawbreakers and then we brushed the food coloring from their teeth. I sprayed each of their rooms with monster spray (which was really just hair spray) before they got in bed, just like I always did. Within minutes they were asleep and I was flipping through the endless channels on their TV when I remembered what Vicky had said. 

“Stay out of our bedroom,” her voice had echoed. I wondered why she had said that. What the fuck was happening in their bedroom? I walked down the hall purposely and ended up in their bedroom. It wasn’t locked. It was a tad messy, but not horrible enough to warrant her wanting me to stay out of it. That’s when I saw it. It was some kind of sex swing or harness. At least it looked like it. I began to rifle through Vicky’s things, looking at her jewelry and trying some of it on. Then I went to her closet and began to try on her clothes. She was a bit bigger than me, but a lot of her stuff was sexier than I would normally wear and it felt good to try on her outfits. 

Then I hit pay dirt. I opened a shoebox in her closet and there were like five vibrators inside. I twisted one on and it came to life. It had batteries! That meant that she used them. I gave the one that was going a sniff to make sure it wasn’t covered in something gross before I laid back in their bed and made myself cum. I was pretending in my fantasy that I was someone sexier, someone with a wardrobe like Vicky’s. I came hard imagining all the guys that would want to fuck me and how hard they would pound me. In reality, I’d only had sex a few times with David, the guy who lived up the street. It was nothing to brag about. I must have been really into cumming because I didn’t hear the front door open. I didn’t hear them walk down the hall and throw open the door.

“Veronica!” Vicky gasped. “What the fuck do you think you’re doing?” She sounded really, really mad, much madder than I’d ever seen her. 

“Oh my God!” I said, trying to sit up and turn off the vibrator all at once and failing miserably. “This is so embarrassing!” 

“She told you to stay out of our room!” Robert yelled at me. “We’re going to have to tell your mother about this. And we are not paying you.” 

“Oh my God! Please! Don’t tell my mother! She’ll kill me!” I looked into his eyes and begged him, the vibrator still going. I couldn’t seem to turn the damned thing off and it pulsed and pulsed in my hand as I begged him. 

“Fine,” Vicky said with a twisted smile on her face. “I won’t tell your mother what you did if you don’t tell her what we are about to do to you.” 

“To me?” I asked, almost more afraid of what that would be. At least I knew my mother would ground me and take away my phone. I wasn’t sure what Vicky and Robert were capable of. 

“Come out here,” Vicky said pulling me up from the bed and out into the living room. The vibrator was still going in my hand as she pushed me onto the couch. “This is where babysitters belong. On the couch! Not in my bedroom where I told you not to go! Do you understand?” 

“Yes!” I said loudly. I watched as she and Robert took off their clothes, the vibrator still running. They were going to fuck me, I just knew it. I was about to get fucked by the couple up the street. In fact, they lived right across from David, the one guy I’d had sex with. I was making my way around the block and for some reason, I found this funny and began to giggle. 

“What’s so funny young lady?” Robert asked me.

“Nothing,” I said and I looked at the vibrator. “I can’t turn this thing off!” He grabbed it from me, twisted it and threw it to the ground. “Here, suck on this, Veronica. Take your punishment like a good girl.” I looked at Vicky and she smiled at me. 

“Go on, suck his dick!” she said. 

“Wait, so if I fuck you guys you won’t tell my mother?” I asked. 

“I told you she was smart,” Robert said with a laugh to Vicky. She grabbed my head and pushed it onto Robert’s cock. I wasn’t the best at sucking cock, but with Vicky behind me pushing my head onto him, I wasn’t doing too badly. She was training me with her hands, helping me to take his cock deeper but not pushing me so hard that I choked. For once in my life, I actually felt like I was doing something sexually the correct way. I was having fun and enjoying myself.

Things got a little crazier, though as the blow job continued. Next thing I knew Vicky had me by the arms and she had her foot pressed into my back. She was pulling my arms back while she pushed my body forward onto his cock by the mouth. She pushed my body back and forth so my mouth was moving up and down on his cock and though I felt like I was being used, I kind of liked it. I’d never been naked and fucking with another girl in the room either, and something about having Vicky there, pushing me to fuck her husband was pretty hot for me. These two were fucking perverts! It was basically the best sexual experience I’d ever had. I sucked Robert’s cock greedily.

“Keep sucking you little slut! This is what you get for going through my room!” Vicky screamed at me. I wondered how their kids weren’t waking up, but then I forgot all about that as she moved her foot to the back of my head and pushed it down onto his cock with all her force. I choked sickeningly before I pulled my mouth off of him, coughing and sputtering. 

“Okay, slut,” Vicky told me. Sit on his dick. It’s time to pay for what you did.” She pulled me onto Robert’s lap and she helped me get my pussy onto his cock before I slid down onto him. Robert’s cock was definitely bigger than David Provost’s! I was almost instantly cumming as Vicky continued to help me fuck her husband. 

“That’s it, you little slut. Fuck Robert’s cock. This is what you’re good for and don’t you ever forget it. You are nothing but a pussy that men want to fuck, and now you are learning that, aren’t you, you little slut?” She had me by the neck and though I tried to answer her, she was choking me much too hard for me to get any words out. I was cumming hard now on his cock, my screams muted by her hands wrapping my neck and squeezing. She looked into my eyes and I could see that she was a sadistic woman and she was getting off on making me fuck her husband. She was enjoying using me this way and punishing me for going into her room. She was paying me back for using her vibrator without her permission. 

“You want to be a big girl and try on all my clothes? Huh? Well, this is what big girls do. They fuck! They stick their pussies out and they fuck!” she screamed. I was cumming again, much more than I ever had with David or any vibrator ever. This was the best sex I’d ever had and I hadn’t even asked for it. If someone had told me I’d be fucking Vicky and Robert by the end of the night, I would have laughed hysterically. This was a complete shock and surprise. Maybe that’s why I came so fucking hard. Maybe that’s why watching Vicky take out all her anger on me and forcing me to fuck her husband’s cock made me cum harder than I had ever dreamed possible, but it was far from over. I could see that these two were going to be using me for a long time. 

“I’m cumming!” Robert announced and I could feel his cock growing harder as he came right up inside of my pussy. 

“Take his cum, you miserable, little slut! Take it.” I took it, but it wasn’t like I had a choice. She was holding me there, holding me down on his cock. When he was done she helped me off of his cock and then promptly threw me back onto the couch cushions. She spread my legs and Robert got up and held my legs apart for her at the ankles, keeping them spread for her as she pushed her head in between my thighs and began to lick my pussy. 

“Squeeze the cum out for her,” Robert commanded me and as I looked up at him, he smiled and winked at me. I smiled and winked back before I looked down at Vicky. She looked so happy down there eating his cum from me. These people were fucked up, but at least they wouldn’t tell my mother what I had done. She would fucking kill me if she found out I was going through Vicky’s things. This was a much better alternative, especially when Vicky made me cum with her tongue and I began to scream. Yes, this was much better than anything else that could have happened.