 The two friends lay there on the bed, watching each other. Alamelu was drained and satiated and supremely happy. She beamed at her friend, Shobha, who lay a little away. That gap between them came about when Alamelu rolled away and Srikant mounted her with a newfound aggression. Till then Alamelu was on top of him; and he was seated in Shobha's lap, as if on offer. 

Alamelu had since pulled her saree and in a fashion used it to cover her breasts and crotch and the cloth wound its way around her body and continued on to the floor and god knows where else.

All three of them lay on Alamelu's marital bed where Shobha had delivered her friend the young man Srikant, who lay on the other side of Alamelu, gently snoring. His flaccid cock lay on its side as the youth succumbed to the exhaustion of Alamelu's assault on him; and his ravaging of her. He had completely enjoyed the unexpected tightness of her cunt which was a completely contrast to the bubbly cauldron that Shobha presented.

Shobha watched Alamelu, lightly covered in the damp saree. It stuck to her in places where she was wet with Srikant's cum or her own squirts or perspiration. She was thin, all right but she had curves. None of this was obvious either to Shobha or the young lover till Shobha had methodically stripped Alamelu of her garments. 

"It was super!" grinned Alamelu. [Supera irundudu.]

She idly rubbed her crotch, her wonderfully stretched and strained pussy lips and closed her eyes to drift off when Shobha woke her with a sharp "Hey!"

"I thought you'd leave some for me," she complained. [Ennaku konjam vittu vechirpainu edirparten]

"Leave some of what?" asked Alamelu innocently.

Shobha nodded towards the supine form beyond Alamelu. "That," she said simply. Alamelu turned to look at Srikant and looked intently at his cock which seemed to move with his breathing. She looked for signs of life and finding none turned to her friend. 

"I thought you said he was good for many fucks!" she countered. [Nalla teipaanunney?]

"Yes but not with the kind of animalness on display," commented Shobha. [Adukku ippaidya.] 

"Now what about me?" she whimpered, rubbing her thighs together. She had hoped for a robust turn but now this 18-year old boy was exhausted. She had no way of knowing that Alamelu's robust and vigorous fucking – given as well as taken – was on top of a night of intermittent sessions of masturbation that Srikant had indulged. He was just compensating for the lack of sleep. 

Shobha shimmied across the bed to her friend. "Do me," she said simply. [Ennai pannu.]

"But I don't know how," said Alamelu plaintively, suddenly back to being the conservative mami (aunty) from the whore she had been a while ago. [Eppadi teriyalaiye.]

"Like how I did you," replied Shobha sliding her hand under the draped piece of cloth and searching for the prominent longish knob between Alamelu's legs. [Na onna shenjenay.] It had receded and even though Alamelu had raised her leg, spreading to give her friend access, Shobha could not find it. Her fingers gently massaged the pussy lips and she said to Alamelu, "It was right here when you were aroused and he was inside you." 

She was referring to the time when Srikant was seated on Shobha's lap and Alamelu was squatting on him. Shobha's hand was underneath massaging both of the cock and the pussy lips. It was she who massaged the clit so relentlessly that Alamelu squirted for the first time in her life, without even knowing what it was.

"Here," emphasized Shobha stroking the cunt to life and the knob of flesh started to rise as the pussy swelled with the attention.

Shobha withdrew her hand but Alamelu grabbed her wrist and held her in place. She wanted. Shobha felt a wild stirring in her loins at this rampant display of insatiable desire. She moved her hand forward invading her friend's cunt with one finger and then another one. When three fingers were in Alamelu started to moan and thrust her hips onto Shobha's hand.

"Ah! Unh!" she moaned. "Shobha," she whispered as she fucked her friend's hand. She shuddered a small orgasm and sighed contentedly with that small achievement. "How easy it has become to cum!" she marveled. In all her years of marriage she had strained to go over the cliff only to have her husband spend and roll off, exhausted. And now ...

"Yes, I can do that for you," said Alamelu sweetly quite in gratitude. Shobha lay back with her knees akimbo inviting her.

Alamelu slid up Shobha's saree as she remained fully attired and kissed the cunt that lay open. Shobha was hot and had remained completely unattended. She had postponed her own pleasure and awaited her turn only to be cheated by the exhaustion of Srikant. 

When she moved her lips off and brought her fingers into play Shobha forced Alamelu's head down too, so that both hands an tongue were on her pussy. 

Groaning in pleasure Shobha ground her hips into her friends face and fingers. She so needed this. Throwing her head from side to side she felt pleasure rising and at the same time the vacuum between her thighs ached. She wanted the kind of fucking she had witnessed when Srikant pounded Alamelu. She reached out for the boy lying on his back asleep and captured his prized weapon in her hands. She pumped his cock in gentle strokes. With each stroke it stiffened some. With her expert finger play soon it was full and throbbing at its peak capacity. His hand joined hers as they together masturbated him. And then Shobha stopped. 

"Mami," murmured the boy. He was fully refreshed and now awake too. He got up, cock bobbing under its own weight. But when he came around the obvious target was the unsuspecting Alamelu who was bent over, head in Shobha's muff.

He reached under and stroked the entire area from cunt to ass and back. His fingers wetted quickly enough for him to know that Alamelu mami was fair game. She squealed her pleasure into Shobha's pussy alerting that starved lady to what was happening.

And then Shobha swung into action. Lifting her leg she placed it gently on Alamelu's shoulder. The cunt widened and Alamelu craned to lick deeper thinking that that was the goal. But then Shobha pushed her back and dislodged Srikant's cock from where it had found temporary lodging between her ass cheeks. 

Alamelu was shivering in excitement and anticipation awaiting a plundering fuck when the alignment slipped because of Shobha's actions.

Shobha knew her young lover well enough. She got on all fours in front of him and wiggled her ass at him. Looking back at him as best as she could she whispered hoarsely, "Take me. It's my turn now!" [Ippo enn chance.]

Alamelu watched in fascination, her first time as a voyeur, as the young man expertly guided his cock into the more familiar cunt of Shobha mami. She groaned loudly in a deliberate display of lust and satisfaction intended for her Ammu. Suddenly, Shobha's deep affection for her friend transcended into something sexual. She put herself on display.

Srikant marveled at the wet, bubbling pussy and his mind raced, thinking of the contrast between the two women and thrilling at the prospect of how his different women felt. Each was a feast – a sexual cuisine of a different kind. Fucking Alamelu mami was not the same as fucking Shobha mami and he immediately and instinctively appreciated the differences in textures and commonality in pleasure.

His eyes fixed on Shobha mami's sumptuous ass as he gently dug his fingers into the flesh and rocked into her cunt. He was smooth and measured in his movements focusing on giving mami the raking she needed.

"Yes, da!" she whimpered, eager to signal her encouragement to her young lover. She wanted steady and deep fucking to take the edge of her wild desire. Her eyes met those of Alamelu. She looked the woman over eyes gliding over the slim body. She wanted her too. 

As if on cue, Alamelu lay in front of Shobha, away from where Srikant was. She was not instinctive or expert like Shobha to attack the duo from the point of their coupling, where cock and cunt slid over each other. She slid under Shobha's face. She kissed her forehead and Shobha responded by kissing Alamelu's forehead. 

Alamelu moved further and the lips met. Her mouth was open. As Srikant fucked with increased vigor and pace, Shobha merely let her open mouth move with the fucking and graze her friend's wet lips. Srikant's eyes went to the slim lady's open legs and he saw the thatch which he had just been fucking a while ago.

Alamelu grabbed at Shobha's plump lips with her lips and kissed her. Her tongue invaded Shobha's mouth. The tongue and its textured maddened Shobha. She moaned into Alamelu's mouth. In the increasingly ragged rhythm of Srikant's fucking they couldn't quite lip-lock but they slobbered at each other. 

And then Alamelu wiggled further under Shobha. Cloth encased breasts -she wasted no time ripping open the blouse and out popped and hung Shobha's heavy mounds of flesh. The nipples were erect and Alamelu's lips closed on one then the other. Her lips smeared on the mounds and soon they were wet with her saliva.

Shobha thrilled to take the long grape like nipples of her friend in her mouth. One hand bunched the small mango-breast of Alamelu so that the nipple jutted out ever-more. The other hand slid over the flat tummy and snaked its way down to the hungry wide-open cunt. She took her time, Shobha did. She stroked the stomach. She twirled and tugged the pubic hair. The gentle pain from the pulling excited Alamelu.

She sucked hard on the breast in her mouth and fucked upward asking Shobha's fingers to claim her.

Srikant leaned forward. His excitement surged to see the women loving each other and reaching under he discovered what Alamelu mami's lips were doing to Shobha mami's nipples. His fingers tugged at the nipples, joining Alamelu mami's lips. Alamelu sucked in his fingers and mouthed it like it was his cock she was mouthing. 

Shobha slid Alamelu's teats through clenched teeth and her finger curved in to the open cunt. She fucked Alamelu with loving vigor. She wanted her friend to cum again. She wanted to reduce her to a satiated, happy, tired and worn out woman. There was something pleasurable in that thought. Ammu's ( Alamelu's pet name) clit was fully engorged. Shobha went to work on it. Like a small penis, it was possible for Shobha to toggle it between her finger and thumb and Shobha did just that.

Alamelu's stomach fluttered. Her teeth clenched on Shobha's nipple. Her friend's loving, caring and sharing was so overpowering. She felt tears in her eyes. Her hands roamed upward and she felt Shobha's stomach, which sagged a bit compared to her own. Further up she felt the epicenter of the fucking in her hands. She cupped her hand on Shobha's womb as if to provide another couch for the rampaging cock. She thought she felt a bulge but could not be sure. When Srikant pulled back it receded and when he fucked forward she felt surer that yes, there was a bulge in Shobha's stomach.

Boldly, her hand ventured further. She knew what Shobha had done for her with her fingers when Alamelu was impaled on Srikant. She reached the join of the two and found that in this angle at the top of Shobha's pussy was a gap into which she could inveigle her thumb. She added her thumb and felt Srikant scrape past in and out.

Her own body was given over to Shobha as the expert manipulating of the clit led to wild uncontrolled thrashing. Her hands pinched Shobha's breasts, her teeth bit on her, hurting Shobha and in Shobha's cunt, she thrust and prodded mindlessly with her thumb.

And then, wild with desire, Alamelu shimmied further up. She knew what she wanted. She wanted Shobha's cunt in her mouth. She wanted to kiss that coupling. She loved Shobha and wanted to taste her. She wanted to feel Srikant's cock but this time in her mouth.

And as she came upon the point of coupling (mithuna in Vatsyayana's Kamasutra) she just kept her open lips on the joining. The cock slid past her lips and the cunt opened over her mouth like impending monsoon clouds. In the doggy position the cock was closer to Shobha's perineum. A yawning chasm opened nearer the top of her cunt. It was here that Alamelu's lips opened out.

And at the same moment, Shobha's lips clamped on her cunt and she sucked on Alamelu's reddened pussy with gusto. Alamelu lifted her legs and wrapped them around Shobha's shoulders.

From a man fucking a woman doggy style, they were transformed to two women in sixty-nine with a man mounted on one of them. What has correctly been described as a double-backed beast of pleasure was now joined by a pounding cock. 

Shobha and Alamelu were lost in each other. Alamelu's hands clutched at Shobha's ass where she met Srikant's hands too. Briefly one hand clutched his fingers and then went back to the ass which allowed Alamelu to pull Shobha closer to her lips.

When Alamelu's lips closed on Shobha's pussy-lips, closing in on the pillar of Srikant's cock, as it slid in and out was inevitable. 

Alamelu sucked wildly on whatever came her way. She was always on Shobha's pussy but when Srikant slid in she grabbed at him momentarily. The heavens above opened and flowed over her lips. Shobha tasted sweet and Srikant was salty and she loved all the tastes and incongruously thought of how the mami in her would not even drink water from another hand.

And here she was, sucking on a cock and cunt like a whore. But they were both hers! Her Srikant! Her Shobha! 

The effect of the two mami's loving him thus and seeking their own pleasure so openly on Srikant was maddening. He fucked with vigor, eager to please. When he felt Alamelu mami's hands and lips on him he shivered. He was near cumming but it had already been close on fifteen minutes. 

Alamelu noted that in a corner of her mind. Yes, the boy had admirable and much wanted staying power! She turned her mouth this way and that. Sometimes seeking out Shobha's equivalent of that knob in her cunt. Sometimes she sought to suck on the cock. Her eyes were closed and it was all down to the sensations of her mouth and lips. 

Shobha was deep in Alamelu's pussy, which smelt sweet and musky to her. The cunt was gaping open and with her tongue she probed as deep as she could that channel which Srikant had so eagerly fucked. She lapped, tongued, sucked and drank. From the clit on the top to the bottom of her pussy.

Alamelu shuddered from the attention. Shobha was beginning to meltdown from the combined assault of cock and lips. And Srikant clenched his teeth attempting to prolong the pleasure and avoid cumming.

The more he pounded, the closer Shobha came to exploding. The more Shobha sucked, the closer Alamelu came to her nth release. And the more she tongued the mithuna Srikant teetered precariously on the cliff.

When Alamelu mami gripped his fingers hard and clamped on Shobha's ass it was a signal to both to let go. Srikant changed his rhythm to the short sharp jabs he had practiced on Alamelu earlier. His cock bulged to explode. Alamelu finally found Shobha's clit finally and sucked incessantly. And Shobha bit down on Alamelu's cunt wildly.

"Mami! Mami! Mami!" called out Srikant in warning that he was ready to cum. He shot one large load of his cum into Shobha mami's upturned cunt. 

"My boy!" wailed Shobha as her cunt gave it up. She was wracked by orgasms as her cunt went into full meltdown. Both of them poured down on Alamelu who pursed her lips and allowed herself to be smothered in their combined juices.

Her own hips thrust into Shobha's obliging mouth. Her orgasm was tame by comparison but she bucked and thrashed into Shobha nevertheless.

"Ayyo, amma!" she gasped. "I can't anymore!" [Ennale mudiyale.]

Shobha slid forward as Srikant's pounding lost all semblance of rhythm and he became self-seeking in his thrusts. Shobha slid down and her face and cheeks rested on Alamelu's thigh as she clung on for dear life.

The two women lost alignment in those wild moments. Alamelu opened her mouth in desperation seeking Shobha again. But as Shobha collapsed all orientation was lost and Srikant slid out.

The desperate Alamelu grabbed at the cock and allowed him to slide into her waiting mouth. He fell forward onto both hands, shuddering and crying out as he spent into her. Shobha wailed in desperation at her empty cunt. She swung around and competed with Alamelu for her share of Srikant's cock. She sucked and kissed at the coupling of cock and mouth. 

Alamelu, at gagging point, let Srikant slip out and Shobha greedily sucked him in. he fucked her mouth with a few dribbling releases and then it was back to Alamelu.

And when Srikant collapsed, the two women closed on each other's lips, rubbing each others bodies.

"Ammu," whispered Shobha to her friend, still shivering from the ripples of pleasure.

"Yes, darling!" said Alamelu kissing Shobha all over her face. [Chollu da, chellam.]

She did not reply. Instead she rubbed the length of her body against the length of her friend's body. They smeared each other with the mess of juices, saliva, cum and semen. Shobha took Ammu's hand and cupped it on her own pussy as she still felt tremors from Srikant suddenly slipping out.

And in turn, she cupped her Ammu's pussy, gently massaging her too.

They were in deep sexual love. Both ignored the supine youngster with his now conquered cock. The women rubbed each other, kissed each and hugged each other.

When they finally lay back, it was to gaze on each other contentedly. Each noted the others taali nestling between the breasts. The smeared kumkumam (red dot of vermilion) on their foreheads. The stains and disheveled look. At last, they had realized the epitome of their sexuality!

They cuddled up and drifted to sleep and left the young man to find his way out.