 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of non-consensual or reluctant sex.

*****

"I have another guy coming me in a few minutes to give me a hand with the work today," the workman said, "Is that a cup of coffee?"

"Yes," the housewife said, "Would you like one?" She handed him the coffee and leaned back against the doorway. She wore capris and a modest short-sleeved button-down blouse. He had on his dirty jeans and t-shirt which clung to his tight, muscular torso; he was not your average plumber. Just then the doorbell rang.

"That'll be him now," the workman said, and she went to answer the door. While she was gone he pulled a small packet out of his back pocket and emptied the contents into her mug. He gave it a stir and returned to sipping his own coffee as she returned with the assistant. He was not as lean as the workman but strong and with a short, ruggedly handsome beard.

"Here he is," she said, picking up her coffee again and taking a sip. "Do you think you'll be able to finish up today?"

"Hopefully," said the workman, looking at his assistant. "We'll put in some long, hard work and hopefully get you finished up by the end of the day." The assistant smiled back with a knowing grin and the housewife, sensing she missed a joke of some kind, smiled politely and turned to leave.

"Actually, could you help us with something?" the workman asked, and she turned around helpfully.

"Yes?"

"Where do those pipes go in the basement?" he asked, indicating the underside of the sink. "I don't just want to go poking around."

"Right," she said and thought for a moment, "I don't know much about that, but I can show you the basement."

She led them around the dusty basement, pointing out where the pipes ran underneath the floorboards and getting more and more drowsy. They kept an eye on her as she drank the rest of the coffee, and in a few more minutes the workman said, "Thanks, I think that'll about do it. Oh, one more thing."

"Sure, whatever you need," she said helpfully, standing flat-footed, square-shouldered, looking to the plumber for instructions.

"Can you take your top off for us?" the workman asked. "It's been a few days since I've held your tits, and my friend here's never even seen them."

She laughed melodiously and touched his arm. "Flatterer," she said in a friendly way, then started unbuttoning the front of her blouse. It seemed like the right thing to do, complying with this nice man's wishes. She'd taken her blouse off thousands of times before when she got dressed for bed, and it didn't feel right to refuse such a simple request. A she slid it off her shoulders and hung it on a nearby peg, she tried to remember if this was normal. There was another man, was it her husband? And she showed her breasts to him fairly often. What was so unusual about this time?

She couldn't think of anything, and reached behind her back to unhook her bra. Letting it fall down her arms, she hung it on the peg with her shirt she faced the men and squared her shoulders again with a smile. "See?" he told his assistant, "Nice, right?" He reached out his hands to her breasts, cupping them eagerly, and she patiently let first the workman then his assistant fondle her bare chest.

"They're nice, all right," the assistant agreed, "but the light's so bad down here."

"Let's go out into the sun to get a better look at them," the plumber said to the housewife. "You can show us around your garden!"

"Oh, good idea," she cheerfully agreed, and led them topless through the house to the back yard. Her breasts bobbed with each step as she walked barefoot through the grass, keeping both men's eyes riveted on her chest and not listening to a word she was saying. The warm summer sun felt great on her naked torso and she wondered why she didn't do this more often. She explained what a few of the plants were as they walked, feeling good about herself and the happy way these men were looking at her. "I wish some of the neighbors were home," she said, looking into the surrounding yards. "You could meet them."

"Oh, I wouldn't worry about that," said the workman, "Say, you don't have any statues in your garden."

"Nope," she replied, "Do you think we should get some?"

"I think we have the perfect one here," said the assistant, "You're as beautiful as a statue."

"Oh, you're just saying that," the housewife replied, blushing a little at the compliment. 

"No, really, you are," the workman replied. "It's just that statues don't usually wear pants. If you took them off you could pose for us, and we would know if you really do look like a statue."

"That makes sense," the housewife said, unbuttoning her capris and trying to think whether it did in fact make sense as she slid them down over her ass. She hooked her thumbs through her panties and shimmied her hips to slide them down her legs as well, leaving them piled around her ankles and standing naked in her back yard.

"Just like a statue," the assistant confirmed. "She's even got a pedestal," motioning to the pile of her clothes around her ankles.

The two men stepped up to her and started caressing her body, letting their hands linger on her breasts and hips as she tried to remain as still as a statue. "Very nice," the workman said, "Although, your skin's nice and soft, not at all like a statue."

"Oh, thank you," she smiled, grateful for the compliment. She thought, "These men are very nice. My husband hasn't complimented me on my skin since we were dating."

"You know what are hard as rocks though?" the workman continued, "Our dicks. Could you suck on them til they're not hard anymore?" They both unzipped their pants and let them drop, revealing their raging hard-ons standing proudly in the open air.

"Oh, of course," she said, wondering why she hadn't thought of that, "Where are my manners?" Then sinking to her knees she wrapped her fingers around each of their cocks and started jacking them off in her garden at 10 o'clock in the morning. She figured that since the assistant was newer she should serve him first, and leaned in to engulf the head of his swollen member with her lips.

She started sliding her lips up and down his shaft, steadily bringing his member closer and closer to cumming. Her hand cupped his balls and she alternated stroking them with her fingernails and jacking off the base of his cock with her fingertips. Her other hand jacked off the workman in long, smooth strokes until his swollen purple head started budding pre-cum. Then pulling her mouth off the assistant she swung her breasts around to face the workman and slipped her lips around his dick to clean him off. 

Her tongue ringed around his prominent ridge before focusing its attention on the underside of the tip, lapping up his essence as it oozed onto her tongue. "I bet we'd cum faster if you asked us nicely to cum for you," the workman intoned.

"Oh, please cum for me!" she replied without skipping a beat, "Please, I want to you cum. Really I do. Give it to me, please." Seeing her tits bounce and sway as she jacked off both workmen and begged for their cum, the assistant was overcome and blew his load right then and there. With a shudder from head to foot his cock tightened in her grasp and launched the first spurt of his cum at her face, smearing her cheek.

With an "Oh!" she slid her hand to the base of his cock and turned her head to try and catch his jizz in her mouth, so as not to be wasteful. The next shot from his dick hit her forehead, and the workman's climaxed as he watched her open wide and stick out her tongue to try to catch his assistant's cum.

She was able to catch the next two bursts from his spasming member with a triumphant "Ahh!" before the first burst of the workman's cum hit her on the other cheek. Now she was caught in the crossfire, whipping her head back and forth in an utterly unsuccessful attempt to swallow their cum. They pelted her face and neck with their lusty emissions, watching her breasts bounce and sway in her earnest attempts to receive them. 

When their cocks subsided, she withdrew her hands and carefully touched her fingers to her face. "Oh dear," she said innocently, "I've made a mess!" Their cum dripped from her chin onto her clavicle and had started to run down between her tits.

"Why don't you go upstairs and clean off," the workman suggested, as he and the assistant slipped their dicks back into their trousers. 

"Ok, sure," the housewife said, rising from her kneeling position with the measured grace and poise of an avid hostess. She kept her shoulders square and her arms back, and both men started getting hard again staring at her curves as she turned and started walking back toward the house.

"Don't forget your clothes," said the workman, and she turned around with an embarrassed hand to her mouth.

"Oh, of course," she chided herself, taking a few steps across the lawn and bending over to pick them up. She half-bent at the knees as she collected her fallen garments, and the assistant slipped his hand around her ass to finger her pussy. "Yes?" she said, looking up helpfully, "Did you need something?"

"No, no, that's fine," he replied. He brought his fingers up to sniff them as she stood, and a wolfish grin spread across his features. She was wet, all right, and he shared a look with the workman as they each thought about how they were going to take advantage of the situation. Holding her bundle of clothes in one hand she made no attempt to cover herself as she swayed back to the house, with both men hot on her heels.

They followed her upstairs to the bedroom, where she tossed her clothes in the hamper and stepped into the shower to wash off. They opened the door to the bath room and pulled back the shower curtain, answering her inquisitive look with a simple, "Oh, don't mind us." She went back to washing herself off without a second thought, and both men undressed as they watched her wash their cum off her face and tits. They stroked themselves hard watching her hands first rub down the tops of her shimmering orbs then scoop around to clean underneath, making sure to get her nipples as well.

Her arms squeezed her breasts together as she washed her neck and face, and she slid her soapy hands up and down her smooth, glistening legs for good measure. When she had finally finished she turned off the water and stepped out, patting down her skin with a soft towel. Their eyes lecherously enjoyed every inch of her naked body, and when she concluded by wrapping the towel around her hair the workman said, "Why don't you put on something nice, whatever your husband most enjoys seeing you in."

"Ok," she replied, and went out to put on some lingerie. They followed her, now stark naked with raging hard-ons again, and sat on the bed as she dressed. She put on a cupless bra and crotchless panties, and attached thigh-high stockings to them with garters. They watched her bare breasts and ass intently as she carefully slipped into a strappy pair of precariously high stiletto heels and walked over to the bed with small, careful steps. "Something like this?" she asked innocently.

"That's perfect," the workman said, taking her by the hand. "Why don't you come up on the bed with us?" he prompted, steadying her arm as she climbed up with them. She thought about how nice and polite these men were being as they bent her over between them, their hands pleasantly massaging her skin. She wondered if they would like to stay for tea as her lips parted to engulf the workman's throbbing member, and the assistant spread her asscheeks with his thumbs and slipped the swollen tip of his cock into her soaking wet pussy.

As her womanhood engulfed his long, hard shaft she gasped and started to express some platitude that was muffled by the dick she was sucking on, but decided it wasn't polite to talk with her mouth full. Both men pressed in deep at the same time, bottoming out together to pin the housewife between them on her own bed. She let out a squeal of surprise and the workman rolled back his head, enjoying the pleasurable feeling of being deepthroated by this cocksucking whore. His assistant firmly held her ass in place and started reaming her pussy again and again while she flailed her arms in bewilderment, trying to breathe and keep from gagging on the man mean pressing down her throat.

She managed to reach an equilibrium, drawing in a breath when the workman pulled back and holding it when his shaft slid along her tongue with each thrust. The feeling in her pussy was incredible and she enjoyed herself immensely, wondering when her husband would be home and if he would join these nice men making her feel so good. It was a bit warm in the room now and she felt a little embarrassed with herself that she had started sweating, although the men didn't seem to mind.

After a few minutes the assistant pulled out and re-positioned his dick against her asshole, reaching one hand down into her pussy to bring her own juices up for lubrication. He began to press inside her and she squirmed at the discomfort, like she had to take the biggest shit in the middle of a tea party. "Just try to relax," he reassured her, pressing deeper inside her ass, "This will get easier in a moment."

"Things do often get easier the more you do them," she thought to herself, and tried to focus on relaxing as he invaded her ass. Soon he bottomed out and immediately started thrusting, driving a gasping squeal from her throat and freezing her body in embarrassed intensity as she tried to figure out why it felt like she was pooping and why her nice guests didn't seem to mind. The assistant started to build his pace, fucking her full bore up the ass at first slowly then eventually in a steady rhythm.

The workman pulled out of her mouth, and she said to the assistant, "You were right," in gasping breaths of exertion, "This is easier with practice." The workman brought her up to a kneeling position, and his assistant sank his shaft balls deep, leaning back to accommodate his maneuver. Together they leaned her back until she was sitting slightly reclined in the middle of the bed, with her naked tits on display and a rock hard dick up her ass. Then kneeling between her widespread thighs he laid his raging member against her splayed pussy and pressed himself inside.

Her eyes went wide with the sensation of being double stuffed with thick cocks, and her mouth locked open in amazement. As they sat back on the bed with her body between them, she couldn't remember why she hadn't felt this good with anyone else but her husband. And she definitely didn't remember him ever making her ass feel weird like this.

"Can you bounce up and down for us?" came the request from one of the men, and like a good hostess she happily obliged. Slowly at first she steadied herself off of the workman's shoulders and raised her hips up a few inches. Then dropping herself down on their impaling rods with a gasp she started raising herself up again. Their hands cupped her ass and chest, and she was grateful for the assistance as she quickened her pace. It was hard to focus for some reason, with thoughts of dicks and her dripping pussy filling her mind, and she blushed.

Suddenly, her body was overcome by an orgasm bursting in her loins that instantly spread throughout her naked, bouncing body. She bit her lower lip in embarrassment at her impropriety, and tried to stifle her usual scream of pleasure to a gurgle in her throat. The men thrust a few more times and finally sank their over-engorged members to the hilt inside her body frozen with pleasure. Their eruptions made her climax redouble its efforts and they all rode out their quivering ecstasy together.

Her efforts were not enough and cries of pleasure rent themselves from her jittering form with every pulse of cum they sent rocketing into the deepest parts of her body. It was the hardest she had ever orgasmed and the powder released her inhibitions to allow her the full duration of her unbridled pleasure. They held their still-hard cocks inside her after they finished cumming to let her ride out her pleasure on them. After a minute or so they pulled out and left her writhing on the bed in pleasure, grinding her legs together as her orgasm slowly drained from her body. With a chuckle they left her there and went to clean up.

When they returned she was lying still, with her face pressed into the sheets and her recovering body panting from her recent exertion. "Why don't you go clean up?" the workman suggested, "And change these sheets; they're filthy!" She nodded weakly and rose from the bed, unashamedly walking naked to the bathroom to take another shower. They were right; the sheets were stained with their mixed emissions and the workmen grinned as they admired their handiwork. Then with a spring in their steps they returned to their work under the kitchen sink.

The housewife awoke to the sounds of her husband downstairs successfully testing the newly mended faucet, and she drowsily sat up. She was fully dressed and lying in her freshly-made bed, nursing a slight hangover it seemed. She tried not to think about the hazy dream she had been having, as it was too racy for her to imagine. "Where do these dreams come from?" she wondered to herself, and tried to shake her head to clear her thoughts. But as she went to make dinner there was an undeniable sexuality that coursed through her veins and put a stupid grin on her face. "Those workmen were nice," she thought, "I'm not sure why, but I think I like them."