 There was a frantic urgency in Alamelu's voice. 

"Come! Unhh! Come to my place quickly, aah!" she grunted into the phone. At the other end was Shobha, sitting on the floor grinding batter. Her legs were spread – one tucked under her and the other stretched out in the traditional fashion. Unobserved she leaned on the grinding stone a wee bit more so that the vibrations teased micro orgasms out of her.

This is how it had become after the wild fuck-fest she and her friend Alamelu had had with that young boy, the 18-year old Srikant. He was a good find. Hard body, hormones of a youngster and discreet enough. He was quiet in responding to the invites from the women and left just as quietly. In bed, he had stamina and was amenable to the variations the two friends sought of him.

In their encounters the women found their sexuality unleashed. Everything that they had sought from their husbands they found in this youth. It was not because he was a discerning lover. It was just that they could command what happened in bed. He was eager and they had control.

It was Alamelu's first outside marriage. Shobha had discovered the young man but that had been her first too. Blessed with a more fertile imagination Shobha had been mentally fucking many of the men she saw around but never had the guts or the opportunity to do something within the family, though she did think that was safer.

And then Srikant happened. When she shared Srikant with Alamelu, the younger woman did not know how to take him. She lay back, lower body bare and the inexperienced Srikant was neither turned on nor interested.

It took Shobha to give her Srikant. It took Shobha to make Srikant take Alamelu. But the moment his cock speared her tight cunt, Srikant's instincts took over. The pleasure of her tightness was similar to his fist – except it pulsated and was wet. He loved her tightness!

When later he mounted Alamelu, throwing her one leg over his shoulder and fucked her like the bitch she felt like, Alamelu had the first hint of an idea. That idea shaped further when she watched Srikant take Shobha doggy style. And then when the three of them tumbled in pleasure grabbing whatever they could, Alamelu's mind was made up.

It was her house and bed where all this happened as Shobha's place was too crowded. And Shobha was always busy.

And now she knew Srikant. The very next day her cunt ached for more. The previous night she had been aggressive with her husband only to watch him cum sooner than ever in the excitement. She got even less than her normal dose of fucking. She was hungry and desperate. After he went to sleep she lay on the kitchen floor and used a thick stone pestle to fuck herself to sleep. 

She called out to Shobha and to Srikant. Her body ached, her cunt spent and yet her soul was unquenched. At dawn she found a way to reach Srikant and call him over. 

And after the preliminaries of kissing his chest, tonguing his nipples and admiring his strong taut body, she went to the stage at which Shobha had cut short his moves on her.

Srikant has positioned and rested his cock between Alamelu's buttocks when Shobha shoved her off and presented her own ass to him. In that encounter, Alamelu had to thereafter be happy with Shobha's fingers and lips. No more cock for her till she had happily mounted her husband. The sheer excitement of that aggression made the hapless fellow cum super quick.

So now, Alamelu got on all fours and told the young man, "Mount me like you mounted her!" [Enn mela eru.]

He did. He fucked her hard. He himself had found his erection unabated and had difficulty moving about his own house undetected. He was glad when Alamelu mami's message reached him. 

Mounting her from behind, he found he was able to reach more of her by leaning forward than he was able to with Shobha. Shobha was rounder. But with Alamelu's slender body when he leaned forward he found he could easily hold both her breasts in his hands. 

Her cunt was like a tight fist and upturned, the angle on his cock gave a further edge to the pleasure.

Srikant had gone back home and after a few hours resumed masturbation. And it continued through the night each time he remembered the angles, the mouths, the pussies, and the pleasure. As he discarded more and more dhotis (sarong like cloth that men in South India use around their waist) into the clothes basket, his mother began to wonder.

And now here he was pounding into Alamelu mami prone beneath him. The tight sheath delivered instant pleasure. Shobha's bubbling cunt offered hot, long fucks. He luxuriated in both. Pulling at Alamelu's mami's long nipples he suddenly cupped the breasts and lifted her up.

He leaned back on his haunches and Alamelu flailed in the air, impaled on his marauding cock and held in place by his strong hands. He pumped her up and down effortlessly, using her to fuck his cock hard. In spite of all his masturbation he had spurted up in a few strokes, filling her tight and a squelchy mess resulted. He ground to a halt and let her go and she fell forward, disappointed.

While her cunt had thrilled and shivered with the fucking, she had not really cum. They lay there for a while, Alamelu idly toying with her pussy, discontent.

Finally, when she could wait no further, she swung her head over the young man's cock and mouthed him back to an erection.

"Come!" she commanded. And again knelt on all fours thrusting her ass into the air for him to take. 

And now, twenty minutes later, even as pleasure coursed through her, the cliff eluded. She need that massive cum! She needed that animal release! She needed – oh, yes! – that flooding and flow from her pussy! She needed what Shobha did to her!

And then she realized it – Shobha was missing. She was enjoying Srikant's pounding but she needed Shobha's help. Desperately grabbing her phone she called Shobha.

She knew that Shobha could make her cum. She needed her cunt full. But she needed Shobha to convert that to a worthy orgasm.

As Srikant humped her she continued to fuck back. But her mind was on how Shobha's hands had thrummed her clit. How Shobha's lips had sucked her dry. And when Srikant had mounted her to pound her to submission, there was Shobha watching her.

She needed them both; not anymore. The surge of juices in her pussy at the very thought told her she had made a mistake in calling Srikant over alone. Now she had some explaining to do to her dear Shobha. But more urgent than that was her own need for release.

AS she placed that call, she stopped fucking back at Srikant. The poor boy was on the brink of one more cumming from the pounding she was now giving him. She stopped at an inopportune moment. Without an orgasmic release, his cock released its sperm. Alamelu felt the release and turned back in dismay. The cock lost some body – but not all.

"Keep fucking!" she goaded him. "Shobha mami is coming!" [Mami vara].

Despite the frustrated and desperate woman's plea, Srikant had no choice but to slow down. Hugging, holding, nipping and nibbling on each other they awaited the maestro.

Meanwhile, Shobha made quick alternate arrangements and hurried on to her friend's place. The short distance never felt longer to her as she made her way. Shobha wondered what it was though she did think the grunts and moans indicated that her friend was not alone.

Meanwhile, slowly and idly, Alamelu raised one leg high, like Srikant had the other day. Only this time, they were both lying facing the door of the bedroom, he behind her.

Something about having him behind her fascinated her. Perhaps it was because the last time she was denied. She reached under and behind and guided his cock into her. Ever so gently she rocked back and forth enjoying the sliding sensation of the thick cock on her just-right cunt. She was ready to wait but not with a vacuum between her legs.

Shobha entered the house and noted the quiet. "Alamelu?" she called out. She could hear the faint tinkle of anklets from the bedroom. She entered and saw Alamelu, leg in the air and the gentle rocking of cock in cunt, and the jingling of a new pair of anklets she was sporting.

The surge in Srikant's thickness was unmistakable and Alamelu felt her first pang of jealousy. He even seemed to fuck harder and more willingly. But she also needed her dearest Shobha. Arms outstretched she called out to her friend, "Come!" And a shiver ran through her body at the thought. [Va, ma.]

Shobha drank in the sight. Her Ammu was lying nude. Taali glinting, kumukmam in place. Behind her was Srikant and she could see his cock embedded in Alamelu. Her breasts were covered in his hands and his mouth was sucking on her shoulder. 

They were lying in wait. She came and sat near Alamelu's head. 

"What happened? You were sounding scary?" asked Shobha.

Alamelu reached out and started to tug at the hooks of her blouse.

"Oh, tell me! I have left so much work at home because I was worrying about you? What was so urgent?" asked Shobha, weakly pushing her hand away. [Evvalo velai vittu vandiruken, teriyuma?]

"Your making love to me was urgent," said Alamelu huskily. She got a few hooks undone and Shobha helped out, not wanting another blouse ruined by Alamelu's ardor. 

"Remove all this," urged Alamelu tugging at Shobha's bra as well. The front flaps of the blouse were now open and Alamelu kissed the slopes eagerly. She felt her body hum to a new level of arousal and knew that she had done the right thing calling her friend over. [Ellam idu.]

"But," started Shobha, reluctantly working on her bra clasp. Srikant let go of Alamelu and reached out to Shobha's plump lips. He loved her curves as much or more than Alamelu's tight sheath and gentle curves. He kissed her, but in the process nearly slipped out of Alamelu. She gasped and reached back to pull his ass in and keep him in place.

Shobha felt weak in her pussy and dizzying with quickly rising desire. Opening out her bra she grabbed Alamelu's head to her breasts. Stroking her head gently, she asked, "What happened?"

"I want you," replied Alamelu, sucking on her nipples and grunting as Srikant focused on fucking with his now-hard cock. [Nee venum.]

Milk seemed to surge in Shobha's breasts at the suggestion of 'want' by her friend. She looked at Srikant behind Alamelu. The boy was fervently focused on servicing Alamelu.

"He is here to make love to you, isn't it?" asked Shobha, holding Alamelu to her breasts as if attempting to feed her. [Ivan daan irukanay.]

"But I couldn't cum," sobbed Alamelu. She loved Shobha so much! Her lips sucked and her mouth slathered the breasts. Behind her, Srikant felt as if his manliness had been challenged and commenced a vengeful pounding.

"Ah!" yelped Alamelu as Srikant made his mark.

"Why?" asked Shobha her mind numb as her body responded to Alamelu's ministrations. Her friend had gone behind her back to pursue her pleasure and somehow it had not worked out.

In response to that question, Alamelu grabbed Shobha's hand and guided it along her tummy down to where the cock was reaming her.

"Rub me!" she pleaded. [Enna tei.]

Shobha moved away from the woman and got onto the bed and lay down. Offering her breasts to her friend again she reached for her cunt below. Her fingers slid over the wet mess. And then Alamelu said, "Wait!"

She was back to her obsessive need for being doggy-fucked. She came on top of Shobha in a role reversal from their previous bout of lovemaking. Breasts mashed against breasts, she kissed Shobha in full tonguing her. 

Behind her Srikant brought himself between her legs again. In a mischievous play, he reached under and brought up her juices and lathered his cock. And then he placed it at her anal passage. Alamelu jumped with a start. But she was in Shobha's grip and kiss.

The boy felt vengeful and he decided he would teach Alamelu mami a lesson. As he prized open the passage his cock pushed her wide. Alamelu screamed into Shobha's mouth and struggled to free herself. He noted that the tightness in her cunt was not too different from the tightness in her ass. He added saliva as he slid in, in short jabs. And in several thrusts, progressed deep, taking her anal virginity quite completely.

When Shobha came up for air, she let go of Alamelu and the woman screamed, "He is fucking me in my ass!" Her body was shuddering and Shobha looked to get up in alarm. 

But as she sought to stop Srikant Alamelu again surprised her. "Now don't stop him! Don't stop the bastard," she wept. "Let him take me! Let him. Let him. But make me cum!" she begged.

It was Shobha's turn to shimmy down. She found the gaping cunt vacant. She shoved her fingers into Alamelu's pussy. She could feel on the other side the marauding cock. Her friend was being rammed thoroughly. Lips closed around the now familiar clit and Shobha joined Srikant in his plundering.

"Oh, amma!" wept Alamelu in pleasure. "You guys are killing me!" she wailed.

Once again Shobha stopped only to have Alamelu pummel her face with her cunt.

"Don't stop!" she begged her friend. [Niruttidadey.] With her other hand Shobha reached behind and kneaded Srikant's ass. The only other thing for Shobha to do was to make them both cum. She also wanted to get back to the grinding stone at her house before the soaked grain dried. 

"Oh fuck! Oh fuck! Oh fuck!" gasped Alamelu in rhythm with both cock and fist. Shobha rammed the cunt like as if with a battering ram and she was both fast and furious in her effort. She wanted Ammu to cum. 

Not only because Ammu wanted to cum but also because she was a bit worried about Srikant fucking her ass. Srikant was thick, she knew. He might be hurting her and Ammu might realize that only later. Not only because of her concern for Ammu but also the batter...

Because of the way they were aligned Shobha's own pussy was far away from either and unattended. Her own body was now burning. She wondered about her own release and the lack of time she had.



The tightness of Alamelu's sheath proved adequate for Srikant. Sweat poured down his face, dripping in part on the woman below him. He started to shudder as he began to spend into her. Her sheath held him tight and milked him.

"Take that, my mami, my b ....." he paused. 

"Say it, say it!" implored Alamelu. [Chollu, da.]

"My bitch!" blurted out the boy.

"And what else?" begged Alamelu. [Appram?]

"My whore!" exclaimed the boy as he spurted into her ass.

"Take this! Take this! Take this!" he howled with each thrust and spurt. [Idutukongo!]

"Isn't this what she wanted?" he seethed.

"Give! Give! Give!" she babbled thrusting back. [Kudu da.]

"Isn't this fucking wonderful!" she laughed.

Shobha clung on to the wildly flailing Alamelu her lips clamped on the bubbling cunt, as she understood her friend's need here very well. As the pounding grew more vigorous and animal, Ammu slipped lower. As she slipped her knees widened. As her knees widened she opened over Shobha's mouth more. And Shobha sucked and fed on the open cunt as best as she could.

It was what her friend needed. Pounding her fists into the mattress, her cunt and ass convulsed in orgasm. She wept into the bed. "Yes! Yes! Yes!" she cried out in relief.

Both of them lay on top of her. It was different from that first day when she got them started. That day, he was sitting on Shobha's lap and she was squatting on him cunt over cock.

Today Alamelu was lying with her cunt on Shobha's face and he was mounted on her, where, according to her he should not have penetrated. And where, according to him, she asked for it by challenging his ability to make her cum.

Either way, they were sandwiched in pleasure and like before, Shobha was an accessory. Once again she was going to wait for her turn. Once again the young man was fucked dry by her friend. Once again her friend was sobbing in gratitude to her.

They were lovers, all. And this had gone in a new direction. Shobha never thought of making love to another woman. Srikant had never hoped or dreamed of fucking lovely mature women. And Alamelu never realized that what was a quest for one orgasm could become an addiction.

As the boy slipped out of her sore anal passage, Alamelu felt wonderfully sated. Srikant felt good about himself. And Shobha – once again felt she needed to catch up with her two lovers after falling behind.