 ** Author's Note: Sorry for the delay in posting. Got caught up with some real life things. Also, if you tried PM'ing me on the forum and couldn't, I just realized I didn't have Private Messages turned on. Whoops. They're on now. Feel free to send comments, suggestions or criticism. **

*

Recap from Part 5: Mike and Sean went to Elise's house on her request and found her and Becca (from the clothing store) waiting for the two guys in their underwear. What followed was: Tequila shots, kissing, pussy licking, double blowjob and double body shots (not the alcohol kind). And what comes next... 

-- Part 5 Ending --

Becca reached out and grasped my still fairly hard dick and said to me, "I know what I want next." To emphasize her point, she wrapped her legs around my waist and began to pull me toward her.

I leaned down and began kissing Becca as my cock rested on her lower stomach. Out of the corner of my eye I saw a similar thing happening next to me.

"Round 2 huh?" I whispered to Becca.

With a big smile and her arms wrapping around my neck, she whispered back, "Yes please."

-- Part 6 Beginning --

Leaning back in, I continued kissing Becca. Our lips overlapped and tongues danced as I ground my slowly-hardening dick against her incredibly warm pussy. I wasn't even inside her and I could feel my shaft growing increasingly wet from our small humping motions. 

Every so often the head of my dick would rub up and against her clit. When this happened she would breath in sharply then latch her lips back onto mine. One time, Becca lightly bit my bottom lip with her teeth and pulled slightly. I opened my eye up enough to look into hers and noticed her devious smile before she released my lip and tried almost successfully to put her tongue down my throat.

Sensing that any delays to me thrusting inside of her may end up in physical harm to my lips (or possible suffocation), I adjusted myself enough so that my arms held my body upright and my knees moved back slightly to allow for more movement. My repositioning was noticed by Becca because she cupped the back of my neck with her left hand while her right slithered down between us. Her hands trailed down my stomach until her fingers flicked around my head before grasping the shaft.

We looked into each other's eyes as she slid my un-thinking head from its resting place on her stomach further down her body. Rubbing past her clit the corner of her mouth curled up before she bit her bottom lip as I was lined up to her entrance. Wanting to tease out the moment, I pushed very slowly. Becca's inner lips opened up as my head parted the folds and began nestling into her warmth. When the crown of my head fully entered her, Becca's eyes fluttered and she stuttered a long intake of breath. Keeping the pressure light, my hips began closing the distance with hers as I sunk further and further in. I felt her heels dig into my back when I was halfway in - trying to muscle the rest of my length into her, but I held back and kept the glacial pace.

When her legs couldn't pull me further, Becca wrapped her other hand around my neck and pulled my head next to hers. I watched her eyes close fully before I lost sight of her face and was looking at her blonde hair gathered messily on the carpet below her. Then I rested my cheek against hers and pushed the last of my exposed cock into her.

Becca's hands crossed each other as her arms pulled me to her in a hug. Her hardened nipples dug into my chest and her ankles trembled as they caught on the top of my butt and seemed to will me even further inside of her. She must have held her breath for awhile because I felt her long exhale ring in my ear and warm air spiraled from my ear to my neck. Feeling her breath made me realize I'd been holding mine as well and I was a little light-headed.

We held that position for what seemed like minutes, but probably was only a few seconds. Becca's head turned slightly and I felt her lips against my ear.

"Fuck me," she whispered.

Her words sent a shiver down my spine. Pulling back steadily, I stopped when just my head was inside and pushed forward as I kissed the side of her neck. I heard and felt her quick, "uh", as I bottomed out inside of her. 

I kept a slow and steady pace as I continued to pull out and drive back in fully. Her soft grunts and our steadily increasing breaths couldn't mask the sound of my dick sliding wetly inside and out of her or the 'phup' of our legs making contact.

My kisses on her neck and shoulder were interrupted as she pulled my face to hers and kissed me with surprisingly deep passion. Our tongues twisted and fought while our breath mixed. Her fingers were tugging at my ears and scratching the back of my head and neck. A few minutes of this position and I could feel the strain in my arms. It wasn't the most comfortable, so I decided to speed up a bit before trying a new, less arm-heavy position.

I kept the length of my thrusts the same but quickened the pace a bit and her reaction was immediate. Becca's breathing came more forcefully and her kisses stopped as she simply tried to rest her forehead against mine. Her eyes closed, but I kept my gaze drifting between her face and where are bodies were connected. Eventually the slight bumps of our foreheads weren't doing it for her, so Becca rested her head back on the carpet and tilted it upward. Her neck strained and her arms reached above her to grasp at the carpet.

Her hands seemed to use the carpet to push us together even harder. I kept the same speed but began to thrust upwards a bit to push my head across her inner walls - a hopeful try for her g-spot. Whether I found the treasured spot or not, it put her into overdrive and caused her to thrash her head left to right and make repeated gasps of "yes" and "more." 

By now my arms were getting a tired, but it helped keep my mind off of letting loose too soon. With her reactions getting more and more intense, I put the last bit of my strength into even faster thrusts forward. The slapping of our bodies was easily as loud as our breathing and her grunts. Soon enough Becca's head stopped thrashing and her body seized up. Her back arched off the ground and her knuckles turned white as she gripped the carpet with all of her strength. Even her legs locked tight and removed my ability to push in and out. Without the need for continued hard thrusts, I shift my weight to my left arm and put my right hand fingers to work on her clit.

As I started rubbing, her locked-up body felt flat to the floor before she curled up slightly and trembled. A long, low murmur of a cry came tumbling from her lips and both of her arms wrapped around my planted left arm - nearly toppling my weight down on her.

"Ok. Ok. Ok. Stop. Ugh, no more," Becca's sputtered these words out quickly and I stopped my right hand and merely held her waist.

Needing a rest myself, I moved one of her legs from around my side and laid down partially sideways next to her. "Roll over onto me," I said as I snaked my arm underneath her to help her change positions. A couple quick movements and she was lying fully on my body with my cock still embedded inside of her. Small shakes and deep breaths caused her arms to tremble as she locked me in a hug. With her head buried into my shoulder, I looked over toward Sean and Elise.

Both of them were looking at us with wide-eyed expressions. Elise was on her elbows and knees with her head hunched forward and her butt up in the air. Her hands framed her open mouth as they held her head on either side. Sean was on his knees behind her while absent-mindedly thrusting into her slowly. Both of his hands were resting on top of her butt since he wasn't really leveraging much power into his pushes.

A smile broke out across my face as I took in their reaction to Becca and I.

"Bravo. That was impressive," Elise said from her position on the floor.

"I thought she was going to pull you forward into a faceplant at the end," Sean said with a smile.

I chuckled at both of them and pulled Becca into a tighter hug. Her pussy clenched briefly on my cock which seemed to show she was back on earth.

"Turn a bit so Becca is facing me. I want to kiss her while Sean fucks me," Elise said as she started scooting toward us.

Since Becca was a slowly-recovering dead weight, I used my hands to angle us on the ground. I looked up and laughed as Elise and Sean were doing a coordinated waddle toward us. My laugh caused them to start laughing as well and even Becca looked up and snorted at the two of them. The laughing quickly subsided though as Elise hovered over me and pulled Becca up to a kiss.

As their kiss became more and more heated, Becca began to rock back and forth on top of me. Although I wasn't sliding in and out with my full length, it still felt amazing as she rolled her hips up and down. For her it was probably even better because each thrust had her clit rubbing against my lower stomach. My hands were gripping her ass, but I was letting Becca do all of the work for now. I was more than happy with how things were going and especially the view of two gorgeous girls passionately kissing above me.

Between Becca's rolling motions and Elise's back and forward movement from Sean's thrusting, I was surprised they were able to kiss as easily as they were. Soft moans from their mouths kept tune with the slapping of Sean's thighs on Elise's ass. I saw movement further back and noticed Sean's hand reach under and begin rubbing Elise's clit as he fucked her steadily. As his hand went to work, Elise's breathing began getting heavier and her moans increased in volume.

I slide my hands from Becca's ass to her lower back, then around her stomach and grasped her breasts. Although not large, Becca's breasts were a nice handful and I definitely enjoyed the feel of them in my palms. I slipped my hands to the side then used my index and thumb on each hand to grasps her nipple - pinching slightly. Just as I pinched, I looked up and saw Becca break her kiss with Elise and make a slight squeaking sound. Elise looked down at me then to my hands and smiled.

Her smile quickly faded into an open mouth and closed eyes as Sean picked up pace behind her. The slapping of their bodies increased and Elise's head went slack as she began making a consistent humming sound punctuated by "oh fuck" and "oh god." 

The increased fucking by Elise and Sean was matched by Becca as lowered herself to her elbows and began kissing me while her rolling hips feverously rubbed against me. My hands went back to her hips as her stomach rolled back and forth on top of mine. Her hardened nipples seemed to be drawing lines across my upper chest.

Soon enough Becca's movement were hitting a crescendo and her lips left mine as she rested her head in the crook of my neck on the left side. To my right, Elise's head dropped to the carpet next to me. At the same time I heard both girls panting in either ear as they built up to their orgasms. While I hadn't felt like I was going to cum along with them, hearing the girls huff, puff and groan on either side put me close to the edge. I gripped Becca's ass cheeks in both hands and my fingers dug into her soft skin. Closing my eyes, I used everything I had to stave off my rapidly approaching finish until I knew Becca was ready.

Thankfully, that happened only a few hip rolls later. Becca's legs on either side of me tightened up and locked to my body. Her arms curled up under mine and her hands gripped the back of my shoulders tightly. 

"Oh fuck!" she screamed out into my left ear. Feeling my resolve slipping I told Becca I was about to cum. "In me. Cum in me," she rasped as her body started trembling.

Just as I let go, Elise shrieked next to me and I turned my head to look at her. Or eyes met as we all three let the world slip by. Throb after throb, I felt the freedom of letting go inside of Becca's spasming pussy. Elise's tongue snaked out of her mouth and wet her lips before her teeth bit down on her bottom lip. When I moved my eyes back to hers, she smiled and gave me a wink. 

"Oh fuck," Sean said from above and his thrusting slowed to a few more sporadic pushes. Elise's eyes closed and her smile got even larger as Sean finished inside of her.

I felt lips on the left side of my neck and soon Becca's face moved into my view as I turned to look at her. Eyes droopy, but a big smile on her face, Becca kissed me fully on the lips. She pulled back after a moment and said, "That was great. Oh god... I'm surprised I didn't get a cramp in my foot when my toes curled."

I smiled back at her. "Yup,that was amazing. I thought you were going to crush me with your legs."

"Oh, I wouldn't crush you... yet. There's still more to get out of you," Becca said with a devilish smile. Her head turned to look at Elise and she added, "But first, I want a piece of her."

Turned to look at Elise as well, I noticed Sean had just removed himself from her and was standing up while stretching his legs. Elise's body slowly collapsed onto the carpet. She then turned onto her back and scooted closer next to me and Becca. Her arms raised in the air toward Becca and she said, "Come and get some beautiful."

Becca's body shifted slightly as she leaned over to Elise and began kissing her upside down. Both girls' hands quickly moved to the other's breasts as their lips and tongues battled in a Spiderman-like kiss.

"Damn. I could get used to seeing this every day," Sean commented from where he was standing.

"You've got that right," I agreed as I felt my cock halt its softening at the sight in front of me.

Becca giggled and broke her kiss with Elise. "Mike seems to be enjoying our kiss," Becca said and wiggled her hips to highlight the observation.

I watched Becca's hand slide down Elise's stomach until her fingers slid between puffy and cum-covered lips. "What a mess you have here Elise. Need help cleaning up?"

"Mmmmm, yes please."

With a slight groan from both of us, Becca slipped free of my dick and began crawling above Elise. One of Elise's hands slid over my leg and a finger swiped from the base of my dick to the head. I then followed the shining finger with my eyes as it slipped past Elise's lips. She winked at me and said, "Free sample before the meal." Her face was soon obscured from my view as Becca's thighs were placed on either side of her head. 

Turning onto my side, I simply watched and smiled as both girls tilted their heads forward and opened their mouths.