 Mr. Black was well into his experiments when he got a call from the administration office requesting his presence at a meeting with the Vice Chancellor. Mrs. James was a stickler for punctuality, among other things, so Mr. Black arrived early and was dressed impeccably.

After Mr. Black was ushered into her office by her assistant, Mrs. James entered through a side door and shook his hand. They had each worked at the school for quite some time, and she was always taken with Mr. Black's handsome bigness. She was a relatively small woman, height wise, and looking up at a big man always triggered something in her, something that she liked, even though the modern feminist in her tried to snuff it out.

After the handshake she sat down on her leather desk chair, her slightly plump body shifting nervously as she tried to get comfortable.

"Mr. Black, it's come to my attention that your current research is of a...sexual nature, is that correct?"

"Not entirely," Mr. Black said. "It's looking into our instincts, and how our primitive instincts manifest themselves."

"So you're not studying sex?"

"No Mrs. James, I'm studying instinct."

"Are you planning on publishing your results?"

"Yes, the research has been quite eye opening. I'm already working on my preliminary findings, and I'm quite certain I'll publish eventually."

"And the people that you're observing, they come from the school?"

"Yes, they're carefully chosen, and all sign confidentiality agreements. Everything's very much on the up and up. May I ask, has there been a complaint?"

"No, no, nothing like that. I just like to keep track of these types of things. You can't be too careful with all the lawyers roaming around these days. I just happened upon the minutes of the last board meeting where your work was discussed, and I wasn't quite sure what was happening. Thought I'd get myself up to speed as it were."

"Oh yes, very good," Mr. Black said. "This may be a bit out of the ordinary, but if you'd like, you could participate. You might find it enlightening."

"Well, as you know Mr. Black, I come from the science end of the academic spectrum, so yes, that does sound like it might be an enjoyable way to spend part of my day. It's always good to get one's finger on the pulse of things."

Mrs. James checked her schedule with her assistant, and a two hour window was found on Friday of that week.

———————

"My, this is a nice bright space isn't it?" Mrs. James said as she walked into Mr. Black's big room. "How nice to be able to see the students lounging on the lawn."

"Mrs. James, if you wouldn't mind, I'll have you sign the confidentiality agreement before we begin."

"Of course, yes," she said, and she sat beside Mr. Black's desk and read it over. "Even my husband's out of the loop I see." Mrs. James signed her name and looked around. "So, are these experiments always one-on-one?"

"No, there's been one with three, and one with five. I've participated in two of them myself. One of those was one-on-one. I've been trying to set up different situations. I though you might be more comfortable one-on-one, since there will be nudity involved."

"Nudity?" a surprised looking Mrs. James said. "Mr. Black, I thought you said your experiments weren't sexual in nature."

"I said not entirely. I'm not studying sex, per se. I'm studying human instinct. And please Mrs. James, if any of this makes you uncomfortable and you wish to leave, I understand completely."

"Yes, well, I guess I don't completely understand what you're doing here. Let's proceed so I can get a feel for things."

Mr. Black stood up from his desk chair and started to disrobe.

"You may disrobe with me, or wait if you wish, but we'll both need to be unclothed in order to proceed."

"Both. You and I," she said as Mr. Black's shirt came off. His smooth, powerful chest drew her gaze.

Mr. Black was silent as he unfastened his pants and slid them down his legs, taking his boxer shorts with them over his already bare feet. He stood naked as he picked up his clipboard and began taking notes.

Mrs. James was stunned and couldn't seem to move a muscle, even to talk. The sight of the most beautiful man she had ever seen naked left her paralyzed and mesmerized.

"Shall we proceed Mrs. James?"

"I...I'm...not sure it's proper Mr. Black. I should probably go..."

Mrs. James stood up slowly, trying to look somewhere other than Mr. Black's body, but she couldn't seem to stop admiring it.

"If you could just give me a few observations, the session will be of some use," Mr. Black said.

"Observations?"

"Yes, tell me your feelings."

"I feel the Vice Chancellor shouldn't be seeing you...this way."

"Put aside your job Mrs. James, and remember your scientific background. As a human being, what are your feelings."

"Well, my scientific background never saw...anything like...what I'm seeing. It's very warm in here Mr. Black."

"I keep it slightly elevated so you'll be more comfortable when you disrobe."

"When I disrobe. Yes, I almost forgot about that. You seem to be taking lots of notes."

"Nothing unusual Mrs. James, I assure you. Shall we proceed?"

"I really don't think I should."

"Alright Mrs. James. I'm afraid I won't be able to let you observe without participating though." 

"Yes...that's a shame...I am curious. Even more so know. So...I would have to disrobe. Completely Mr. Black?"

"Yes."

Mrs. James looked around, out the big windows and at the closed door to the hallway, and she slipped off the navy blue suit jacket she was wearing. She paused, seemingly unsure of what was next — the navy blue below-the-knee length skirt, or the ruffled white blouse. She chose the skirt, which had a white satin slip under it. Mr. Black watched without staring, and took notes.

"I feel like I'm being graded on my undressing skills," she said with a weak little smile.

It quickly faded as her nervous hands went to the blouse, unfastening it and letting it sweep off her arms like gossamer.

"I'm afraid I didn't dress this morning for...this."

Her hands went to the bra clasp behind her back, and then she changed her mind and let the slip slide down her legs. Pantyhose held in her plump belly, the flesh above oozing ever so slightly above the waistband. She glanced at Mr. Black's big flaccid cock and wondered why she was continuing with the bizarre situation. Her husband, one of the most prominent lawyers in town, would certainly not approve.

She sat on the edge of her chair and removed the pantyhose, trying to keep her legs angled so Mr. Black wouldn't see too much. It was a fairly ridiculous thing to do, and she almost smiled when she realized he'd be seeing everything in a mere moments time, if she could make herself continue.

She stood again and surprised herself by reaching for the bra clasp, letting loose her round, milky white breasts in one quick motion. They hadn't even settled to stillness when she bent and swept her big panties down her legs and stepped out of them.

"Very good Mrs. James, very good. Describe your feelings please."

"Relief. That I didn't chicken out. I took part in a psychological experiment back in college, and I chickened out. This feels extraordinarily wrong to me, but I did it, and I feel surprisingly good."

Mrs. James' looked down and her hands tried to smooth the mark on her waist left by the elastic waistband of the pantyhose. Looking at herself must have made her more aware of things, because her nipples bloomed from soft 'innies' to quite sexy 'outies.' Her breathing changed soon after, and she looked up with a noticeable blush on her face and her upper chest.

"Any other feelings?" Mr. Black asked. "Please feel free to give me a running commentary. Anything you can offer is useful."

"You were wrong about the heat in here, it's quite warm," she said. "Are you interested in my physiology? My breathing seems to have a mind of its own, and my...well..."

"Please speak freely. We're both scientists."

"Yes, well, my body seems to have gone into...arousal. It's quite fascinating, isn't it? With nothing more than visual stimulation?"

Mrs. James took a more purposeful look at Mr. Black's cock, wondering if she was stimulating him as much as the other way around. She was glad to see he was even bigger than the massive flaccid thing she had glanced at before, and the sight reinforced her own arousal.

"We seem to be feeding off each other, visually I mean," she said.

Mr. Black's cock lifted slightly, and Mrs. James made a quick moaning sound under her breath. Her nostrils flared, and she put her hand on the side of her warm neck.

"I'm afraid I'm going to have to end this Mr. Black," Mrs. James said.

"This session you mean, or something more sweeping?"

"Just this session. You may continue your experiments, but I feel the Vice Chancellor shouldn't be involved. You understand, don't you?"

"Completely Mrs. James. Thank you for participating."

They both started to dress and soon they looked businesslike again. Mrs. James fixed her hair in the small mirror.

"I look forward to reading your conclusions Mr. Black," she said as she breezed out the door.

———————

A week later Mrs. James walked down the hall to Mr. Blacks room, her stubby heeled shoes clicking on the terrazzo floor. As she approached his door two students came out, and they both looked nervous when they saw her, like they had just done something they shouldn't have done.

"Good morning ma'am," they both said, the young girl smirking a little.

"Good morning," Mrs. James said as she passed them, and she walked through Mr. Blacks open door.

"Good morning Mr. Black. I'd like to ask you something personal," she said.

"Of course Mrs. James."

"Would you join my husband and me at our house for cocktails Saturday night?"

"I'd be delighted," Mr. Black said.

———————

Mr. Black arrived at the allotted time, dressed in his finest suit. Mr. James greeted him and Mrs. James made her entrance, adorned in a shimmery black dress. It revealed a bit more leg than she normally showed at the school, and a whole lot more up above, its halter top and spaghetti straps showing off lovely, full breasts and smooth shoulders. A double string of pearls caught the light in her deep cleavage.

Cocktails were poured—martinis all around—and after the second one tongues were nicely loosened.

"Mr. Black, this may sound odd, and feel free to decline if you think it wouldn't add anything to your research, but I was wondering if we could continue the experiment here, tonight," Mrs. James said.

"Well, that is a bit unorthodox. The surprise factor of how it begins is important to how we view the results. Since you've already been through that portion of it..."

"I'd really like to continue, if you could think of a way to make it relevant," she said.

"It's all she wanted for her birthday," Mr. James said with a smile and a twinkle in his eye.

"Your birthday Mrs. James? Tonight?" Mr. Black asked.

"Yes, I'm afraid so," she said, with an attractive smirk.

"Well, in that case...Mr. James, are you aware of the nature of my studies?"

"Yes, it sounds most interesting indeed," he said. "Would it be all right if I observe?"

"Since we'll be playing things by ear here tonight, yes, of course," Mr. Black said. "Mrs. James, shall we?"

A look of great excitement overtook her pretty face, and she walked to the front window and tilted the venetian blinds for privacy. Mr. Black set down his nearly empty glass and removed his suit jacket and tie. Mrs. James downed her drink in one gulp, and took off her high heels.

Mr. Black's shirt was next, and his massive muscular chest shined in the light.

"We do seem to have a lot of lights on," Mrs. James said, and her husband switched off all but two small table lamps.

Mr. Black's shoes and socks came off while the lights were being dimmed, and as his pants slipped off his legs Mrs. James stepped out of her dress. Unlike the everyday underwear she had on at school, on this festive birthday evening she was adorned in emerald green lace. A low cut bra barely contained her ample bosom, a thin, frilly garter belt held up her shear hose, and small, shimmery lace-trimmed panties completed the outfit. Mr. Black, observing her closely as she undressed, was already half-hard when he took his black silk boxer shorts off and held them in his hand.

Mrs. James exhaled loudly and her nostrils flared as she looked at Mr. Black's massive penis, and her hands went nervously to the bra clasp. The lovely green lace seemed to float off of her and onto her dress that she had laid out on a chair. Her 'innie' nipples were already well into the 'outie' stage, and her milky white globes looked lovely in the soft light. They hung beautifully beneath her when she bent to take off her little panties, and she laid the wispy green fabric on the pile as well. She straightened up, paying attention to her posture, leaving the garter belt, stockings and pearls on her smooth, full body.

Mr. James sat off to the side, in an upholstered leather chair, sipping his drink in silence.

"Describe your feelings please, Mrs. James," Mr. Black said.

"My feelings. Well, I'm glad I had a drink this time," she said. She reached toward the empty glass on the table and pinged it with her painted fingernail. "Would you be a dear?" she said to her husband.

He leapt up off his chair, filled her glass full of the clear elixir from a crystal pitcher, and relaxed in his chair again.

"I feel...much more comfortable. I suppose that's the lack of surprise, as you put it. And I knew what I was going to see," she said with a smirk. "Not to mention the underwear situation. Ever since that day I've vowed to wear underwear I want to be seen in. Oh, my, was that a Freudian slip? Underwear I don't mind being seen in. Well, that didn't sound exactly right either, did it. Perhaps I'm a closet exhibitionist," she giggled, looking at her husband. "Maybe that should be your next avenue of study Mr. James."

"That might be interesting indeed," he said.

Mrs. James took another big sip of her martini, and another long look at Mr. Black's smooth, ebony skinned body.

"Would you like another drink," she asked him.

"No thank you. I'm quite well lubricated," he said with a faint smile.

"Yes, I am too, in more ways than one," she said with a mischievous smirk as she put her glass down. "So, you're interested in my instincts I believe. I'd like to tell you about them. Our confidentiality agreement is still in effect, is it not?"

"Yes, absolutely."

"Good, well then we can proceed freely, as you like to say. In your room last week, my instincts were to walk over to you, like I'm doing now...and take this huge, beautiful thing in my hand...like I'm doing now...and take your hand and put it here...so you can feel me too."

Mrs. James moaned as the big hand gently squeezed her big breast, and her hand felt the heat in the big cock for the first time.

"My goodness, it's just magnificent, isn't it," she said to no one in particular.

She dropped to her knees and held it in front of her face, examining the monster for a moment before inhaling the first few inches with a deep moan. She moved her head on and off of it, her widespread lips leaving a faint trail of dark red lipstick on the quickly hardening shaft.

Her moans grew more frequent and attained a sing-song quality as she quite obviously enjoyed her feast.

"My goodness it's just so...has anyone ever...?" she asked, gesturing down her throat.

"Occasionally."

"That would be a challenge. An interesting project to work on," she said, looking up at Mr. Black with seductive eyes.

She slipped the hard shaft back into her warm mouth and the singing moans began again. This time her hands went to work, one around the big man's muscular thigh, and one under his huge, low hanging balls, drawing a moan from deep in his chest.

"I'm developing new desires Mr. Black," she said, looking up at him, stroking the wet cock with her small hand. "Would you like to hear them?"

"Yes, I would."

"I want you to bury this beautiful thing inside me, deeper than anything's ever been before. A birthday present unlike any I've ever had. Unwrap me Mr. Black. Unwrap the wild woman that's been neatly and tightly wrapped up for too long..."

Mr. Black pulled her to her feet and kissed her, and his hands roamed over her moaning body. One big hand landed between her legs, and the steaming wet heat told him she was more than ready. He turned her around, bent her over the back of the big leather couch and pressed a few inches of his hardness into her welcoming warmth.

"Oh yeah, that's it..." she said in a deep, resonant voice as he went deeper. "Give me every inch of it."

Mr. Black went deeper with each thrust, his massive tool stretching Mrs. James tight. The pink opening of her pussy grabbed on to the ebony shaft and was sucked inward and outward like it didn't want to let go.

"Oh god yes!" she breathed out through clenched teeth when he was within three inches of her desire. "Give it to me!" she whimpered in a near cry, "Every fucking inch!"

Her breathing was deep and powerful, exhaling swirls of hot air from the deepest recesses of her lungs. Mr. Black slowly and methodically fucked his way deeper, holding Mrs. James' full, round hips in his strong hands. When he went balls deep she could feel him against her and she let out a long, deep cry as he stopped, his big tool throbbing in a place that had never been filled before.

Unable to speak, short, choppy grunts emanated from her open mouth as Mr. Black began the deepest fucking she had ever experienced, a fucking that was soon taking them both to a higher place.

Mr. James sat in his big chair, at an angle that allowed him to see not only the huge black piston ravaging his dear wife, but her beautiful big tits hanging beneath her, swinging against the back cushion of the couch. The look on her face was astonishing too, unlike anything he'd ever seen. It was all too much for him and soon his cock was out in his hand. Sipping a martini with one hand, stroking his cock with the other, and watching his wife get fucked. It was a birthday party unlike any other.

The ravaging had unraveled Mrs. James' mind to such a degree she didn't even know what was happening any more. A pure wave of blurry pleasure had overtaken every fiber of her. Still unable to speak, she made eye contact with her beloved husband in the midst of her screaming moans, and it was enough to beckon him to her. A moment later she was full at both ends, her husbands modest hardness stuffed in her hungry mouth, muffling her screams.

Mrs. James' body was alive and electric in a way it had never been before. Her flesh felt positively radioactive, every jiggling molecule of it, and she was sure she was going to vaporize in a ball of hot, white light. It was the beginning of an orgasm, the likes of which she didn't even know existed. She lost her mind for what seemed like the most extraordinary eternity, a floating high that was uncontrollable and wondrous.

The two men reacted to her olympian climax with powerful explosions of their own, and the triple play took her even higher before the real world filtered slowly back into her spinning brain.

Mrs. James' body was limp, hanging over the back of the couch when Mr. Black withdrew his tightly stuffed length. The sensation drew an unearthly deep moan from the ravaged woman. Her husband's semen drooled out of her open mouth as her head hung upside down on the shiny brown leather and her lungs gathered in cool air.

There was silence in the room as she slowly gathered herself. She pushed herself up on her elbows, still bent over the couch, and wiped her sloppy, sticky mouth with the back of her hands. The sight of the engorged, well fucked pussy between her round ass cheeks was too much for Mr. Black to resist. He dropped to his knees and engulfed the entire, ravaged thing with his mouth, his long tongue swirling through the sloppy wetness.
