 Once in a very infrequent while, something happens which haunts me erotically for months, if not years. Here's one such time.

I'm nineteen years old. Resident of Norfolk, UK ... uh ... I'm not going to get more specific than that. Name's Ben. Just finished my A-levels. Or whatever they're called by the time you're reading this. I like to write. Yeah, I know, it's geeky, but you're the one reading it.

Ok, I'll shut up and get on with it.

I was at a house party. One of those house parties where you feel like Harry Potter when he takes the luck potion. You drift from conversation to conversation, knowing just enough people to make it work. You're just drunk enough to feel great and just sober enough to be funny. There's enough people you haven't met to be interesting but enough people you know so that it's not an effort. Food turns up when you want it to and the drink hits you in exactly the right spot. I found myself floating in ataraxia, a word I've only just learnt. It means inability to feel anxiety. It's amazing.

Anyway, I'm having this great funny conversation with my friend Beth and my best mate Steve when I suddenly realise it's kind of quiet. There can't be many people left. That's ok. I kind of fancy Beth but I try not to think about it. Because that's when things go wrong.

Bang on cue, we all finish our drinks and go looking for more alcohol together. We find it in the lounge, along with Beth's friend Hannah, who is cute but not really my type generally. I mean, in a funny way she's hotter than Beth, but Beth has this cute laugh and she's kinda geeky which is a total turn-on. Hannah is on her phone, but there's a bottle of vodka in an ice bucket next to her with a load of glasses. Actual glasses, not plastic ones, which is also awesome and makes me feel like much less of a student. 

Steve pours vodka and asks Hannah what's up. She blushes and mutters something and we tease her until she tells us that she was just reading about a party game. It takes more teasing and a little bit of tickling from Beth until she tells us it was a sexy party game. 

"Come on, let's play!" Steve shouts

Hannah blushes and gives him an appraising look. He must have passed because she looks and Beth, who shrugs and nods. Definitely more of the wildchild. God, I love this girl. 

"Wait a second," Hannah says, and leaves, checking each of the rooms in her house. Her parents are away, which is why she was having the party. We hear her saying bye to one last guy before the door closes and she opens the door again. "All clear."

We pour more drinks - it's really good vodka, so I wonder why she has it out at a party at all. 

"So how does this work?" Steve asks

Hannah blushes again and giggles. Then she reads the rules. We're to pair up: me with Beth, her with Steve. Someone else from the other pair reads a statement and the pair has to write down their answers and then read them out. Doesn't sound too bad. Kind of like truth or dare without the dare. 

Until she reads the first one.

"You are at home. It's dark and you look out of your window. Across the street in another house, you see the other person undressing. They get naked then begin to masturbate. You think they know you are watching but you never make eye contact. Would you rather be the person watching or the person being watched?"

"Holy shit!" Steve whistles. I think I'm blushing and I'm definitely getting a bit of an erection. I can't stop thinking about seeing Beth naked now.

"Fuck," I agree and Beth doesn't make eye contact

"Come on," Hannah says. "Or are you going to back out?"

I think about it. I love seeing people naked, but ... well, I also like to know that someone else it watching me. It's a bit of a filthy fantasy that I really want to be watched while I'm having sex. I've never told anyone that.

"Watched," I blurt out

"Same," Beth says

Steve lets out an explosive breath. "Fucking hell."

Hannah giggles, then everyone breaks into nervous laughter. Once we've recovered ... well, I'm still pretty embarrassed, but you know kind of what I mean ... there's a moment of silence.

"Wow .. I didn't think this would be so difficult," Hannah says. "Why don't we put money on it, make it interesting."

Steve looks at her. "Go on."

"Well, the website says that each team can agree an amount to bet on answering the question. If they do answer it, the other team has to bet the same or greater amount of money. If they wuss out, the other team gets all the cash in the pot. The amounts can be anything, but it only resets when someone takes the money. And it's real money. How does that sound?"

I nod. Sounds fine to me. I'm not rich, but I just got paid and I live with my parents. Beth nods too and so does Steve.

"Ok, although we just did a bet," I pipe up. "That was a pretty embarrassing one."

Hannah looks at Steve. "Ok, I reckon that was worth a fiver each?"

He nods and she says. "Ok, so we have to bet five pounds each or more. Steve, how rich are you feeling?"

"I could go to ten," he says, and she nods. Thirty pounds in the pot.

I take the phone from Hannah and read the next one.

"Would you rather send or receive explicit pictures from the other person?"

"Receive," Steve says straightaway

"Same," Hannah says

"Boring..." Beth chimes in, but I pass the phone to Steve. 

"Tenner again?" I say to Beth and she nods. Fifty pounds in the pot.

"Ben, you just came in Beth's mouth and she comes up to kiss you. Would you rather she wipes or just comes straight up?"

"Fucking hell," I swear. I've now got a full on boner. 

This time, Beth speaks first. "Straight up."

Shit. Uh ... would I want to taste my own cum? "Wipe," I say and I think I see something like disappointment in Beth's eyes.

Steve passes the phone to Beth and looks at Hannah. "Fifteen?"

She nods. Shit. Eighty pounds.

Beth blushes. 

"Steve, Hannah, you're getting it on. Hannah gets aroused and touches herself," she stops to giggle. "She has a drop of precum on her fingers. Would you rather she licks it herself or puts it to your mouth to lick it?"

"Damn," Steve exclaims. Hannah blushes. 

Neither of them speak. It's silent. 

Beth looks at both of them. "Too much? I'm going to give you five, four, three, two, one. No? Money is ours."

We high-five across the table. 

She passes the phone to Hannah, who clears her throat.

"Uh, ok, right."

I look at Beth. "Tenner?"

"Twenty," she says. What the hell. I nod.

Hannah looks surprised but continues. "Ok, uh... one of you is tied up on the bed, naked while the other one pleasures them. Would you rather be tied up, or giving the pleasure?"

"Tied up," I blurt out.

"Giving," Beth says at the same time and we blush and try not to make eye contact

"Ooooh," whistles Hannah. "Sounds like you'd be well-matched."

Shit. That makes it even worse. I wonder if anyone has noticed my erection. I hope not. I try not to look at Steve in case he has one too.

Hannah passes the phone to me and looks at Steve. "Twenty?"

He nods. Another eighty pounds in the pot. 

"You're in bed with each other and feeling horny. Would you rather masturbate while the other watches, or ignore it?"

"Ignore it," Steve says, while Hannah blurts "Do it."

They blush and look away and Steve almost snatches the phone out of my hand.

I look at Beth. "Twenty?"

She nods. A hundred and twenty pounds in the pot.

Steve grins. "You're sharing a room with the other two players and are extremely horny. Would you rather have sex with the other pair watching and listening, or wait another month to have sex because of busy travel schedules."

Shit. This is basically my fantasy. 

"Do it," I blurt and manage to catch Beth's eye. It's either fucking awkward or electric. I can't decide which. Either way, my erection is now pressing painfully against my trousers.

"Do it," she says, looking down as Steve and Hannah make catcalls and laugh. I pour more vodka, topping Beth up.

Steve takes a while passing the phone to Beth. "Thirty," he says, taking another swig of vodka. Hannah nods. A hundred and eighty pounds in the pot.

Beth reads. 

"You guys have just been making out. One of you whispers 'tonight, I'll obey your every command'. Would you rather be the one who speaks or hears?"

Steve and Hannah exchange glances. From experience, this is generally a bad idea.

There's silence.

"Speaks," Steve says

There's more silence.

"Five, four, three,"

"Hears," Hannah blurts out and blushes furiously, bottom lip trembling.

We pause for Beth to go wee and Hannah to do the same, although she takes longer and I suspect she's quite embarrassed. Well, we all are to be honest.

"Well it looks like we have a tie," Hannah says

"Aren't there any more questions?" Steve says

"Yeah, there's still a hundred and eighty pounds up for grabs," Beth says. 

"Nope," Hannah says. "I can try and find a different site, but we need a tie breaker."

She scrolls around on her phone and Beth grabs it after a moment. "Why not this one on the same site? Pair dares."

Steve takes it off her and laughs, raising his eyebrows. "One dare is read out and one team has to do it? Shit."

"No way," Hannah says. "No way."

"We'll do the first one," Beth says. "If it's a bad idea, you win."

Steve nods. "Fuck, why not."

Hannah looks unconvinced. "And we each get two lives," I offer. "You can turn a dare down twice without losing the money."

"Fine," she says, eventually not wanting to be a bad sport. I feel a bit guilty that we've pressured her into this, but then she reads the first one.

"Twenty spanks on a naked ass."

We both blush furiously and get up to confer. There's laughter and I realise that they've not seen my erection which is quite obvious.

"Ben," she whispers. "Let's be completely honest about this. It's fucking refreshing. I want to be spanked, but I don't really want my ass out right now."

"Fine," I say, and bend over the chair, pulling my jeans down just enough to show my ass. I figure now she owes me. Hannah whistles and Beth starts slapping me playfully, nothing too hard. At first it's funny. Then it's sore. Then the pain feels good. Like there's a really hot area on my ass. Like a red hot line. Then she stops and I forget to pull my jeans and boxers up for a second. Then I realise where I am and do. 

"Uh, should we put more money on this guys?"

"You should have thought about that earlier," Hannah laughs. "Steve, do we want to up the ante?"

He nods. "Thirty quid?"

She nods, triumphant. I think she's got a bit of a thing for power.

She passes the phone to me, once I've sat down. I read out the next dare

"Admit whether you own any sex toys and if so, what."

Hannah goes pale. "Nope," Steve says and sits back.

She could pass, but then they'd both lose a life.

Hannah pours a drink and downs it in one. "Uh ... I own a vibrator," she says. "It's a rampant rabbit."

Her lip trembles and I pass the phone to Steve quickly and look at Beth. "Thirty?"

She nods. Three hundred pounds in the pot. We can't lose this. Although I guess we could pass.

"Do one of the dares from the previous game."

Holy shit.

My mind runs through the previous game but Beth's mind works faster than mine. She leaves the room for a moment then my phone beeps. I look at it. There's a picture of her small boobs on the screen of my phone. Fucking hell. Bloody fucking hell. There's a message underneath. It just says "You next. In till the end."

Fuck.

I show Hannah. I reckon that's the lesser of two evils. She blushes, giggles and nods. "Done."

Steve looks annoyed that I didn't show him. 

Beth comes back in, blushing and takes the phone from Steve, who looks at Hannah. "Thirty?"

She nods, nervously. Three sixty in the pot. 

"Strip to underwear,"

"No way!" Steve says, taking the phone from her, but it's exactly what it says. Hannah looks at it too, but actually, I've seen photos of her on Instagram in her gym kit, which was about the same level of clothing and she seemed pretty happy with that. 

He looks at her. "Pass," he says. 

"Fine," she says. "Read another one."

Beth takes the next card. "Admit a fetish that you've never admitted to anyone else."

Steve looks at Hannah. Hannah looks at Steve. It's awkward.

"Domination," Hannah whispers so quietly we can barely hear her.

"Tittyfucks," Steve mumbles

Shit, this was supposed to be erotic, but these two are just awkward. I'm straining at the leash to fuck Beth but I thought this was going to be an open-minded trip, not half-hearted. Shit.

Beth passes the phone to Hannah and looks at me. "Forty?"

I nod. We're not going out. Even if it's mortifying. Four hundred and forty pounds in the pot.

"Give oral to the other player,"

"Fuck!" I exclaim

"Pass," Beth says and I mumble the same. Fuck.

Hannah raises her eyebrows.

"You must both go and have a wee. The other players must be present."

Holy crap.

Beth gets up and I follow. Nothing for it, I suppose. I probably have two hundred pounds but I don't really want to lose it. 

We all go to the bathroom and Beth pulls her jeans down too quickly to follow and we hear splashing in the toilet. She wipes delicately then pulls her jeans up without anyone seeing anything much.

I'm much less refined and I think just about everyone sees my cock, but the room is starting to spin a little, so I don't mind too much right then. I try to pull my jeans up when I stand but again, I think I fail and blush.

Shit.

Everyone is laughing but I'm a bit out of it. Hannah hands the phone to me and I try to focus. We go back downstairs. I'm pretty embarrassed.

Hannah passes the phone to me and looks at Steve. "Forty?"

He nods, reluctantly. Five twenty.

"One of you must be fully naked."

"Pass," he says. Hannah hesitates. "Fine ... pass." 

I put the card aside and look at the next one. 

"One of you will be the master and make all decisions from hereon."

They have a discussion and decide that it's Hannah. She looks pleased.

I pass the phone to Steve, agreeing forty as well. Five eighty. 

"Have penetrative sex. Right here, right now."

"Pass," Beth says a second before I do.

He nods.

"One of you must watch the other use a sex toy whilst naked. You will flip a coin to determine who watches. There will be a photo for evidence."

I look at Beth and she bites her lip. I nod and then she nods. Fuck. 

We flip a coin. I win. Shit. She flicks her head and we go upstairs to the bathroom. Steve and Hannah are silent.

"Tell me what to do," she says, looking tearful. "I'll tell you if I can't."

"You want this?" I ask. She nods.

I look at her. "Take off your clothes."

And she does. It's amazing. And fucking weird. And ... shameful and incredible.

She strips down to underwear quickly, then slips her bra off.

I can't decide if I'm more aroused by the sight of her boobs or the obvious wet patch on her knickers. Then she slides her knickers off and takes something out of her handbag. It's a small vibrator. She turns it on and slips it up to her pussy, biting her lip. Fuck, this is the hottest thing I've ever seen.

"Go on," she says. "Take it."

It takes me a moment to figure out what she means but then I snap a photo with my phone. 

"Now one with you in," she says and I can't quite believe it. She's nude. Skinny and hairless and fucking sexy. I really, really want to touch her and be inside her right now.

I step up to her and she grabs the camera, snapping a photo with both of us in, in the mirror. Fuck.

She blushes and puts the vibe in the sink. "Shit, fuck."

Her, this time. She pulls her knickers back on. There's something incredibly sexy about watching a woman re-dress. Then her jeans and top and suddenly it's like we never did this. She looks and me and blushes.

"I'm going to need a fuck soon," she says, the obscenity sounding harsh from her lips. I can't think of anything to say, I just blush. I show the picture to Hannah who squeals and swears, staring at Beth, who blushes furiously.

Steve passes the phone to Beth. "Fifty," he says, looking at Hannah. She nods. "We need to bankrupt these fuckers."

I guess she's been drinking since we left.

Six eighty. I guess people have the money, but it's a lot. I'm not sure if I can afford to lose - but neither of us can pass anything more. 

I've already seen Beth naked and I think most people saw my dick, so I wonder what the next dare is going to bring to these guys.

Beth pauses for dramatic effect. 

"In a private room, watch the other player masturbate for three minutes. You will flip a coin to see who watches and who does it. You may not help."

Hannah screeches like cowboy. "Oh I'm game boah!"

Steve looks at her speculatively. He downs his vodka. I can see his thought process going: I could watch a hot girl wank herself off ... or I could have to wank in front of her.

He's going to pass. 

I know it.

Shit.

"Fuck. Pass." He says.

Hannah screams at him and Beth and I yell with victory. We just won almost seven hundred pounds.

Steve looks mortified and asks for a laptop or the wi-fi code so that he can transfer money - and then leave, if I know him at all.

"Wait wait wait," Hannah says, as if trying to save face. "What about the final?"

Steve looks up at her, then can't quite meet her gaze. "You know, a face off between the two winners? Winner takes all"

"All all?" Beth says. "Like, everything won in the game so far - and either me or Ben takes it?"

I look at Beth and see something like unadulterated lust. This girl wants sex and she wants it kinky. 

"Oh I'm happy to share," I say, seeing disappointment in her eyes. "But I'm enjoying the game so much let's do this. Beth, you in? What's the rules?"

Beth brightens, then forcibly controls herself, trying not to bite her lip or touch herself. "Yeah," she breathes. I wonder if everyone else can hear it in her voice.

Hannah grins, fiendishly and I wonder if this is right up her street. "All dares have to be done in one room, with the other players still present. No lives. Just chicken."

Oh shit. This could be a really short game.

"Different dares?"

"Kinda," Hannah says. "Surprise. You guys toss to see who goes first."

We toss. I lose. Hannah reads the dare

"Admit the last time you masturbated. If you looked at porn, the picture you cummed to."

I looked down. Fuck.

"Uh ... two nights ago. Some girl in a corset."

Hannah wolf-whistles and Steve looks embarrassed. I accidentally make eye contact with Beth and she smiles seraphically. I try to take a leaf out of her book and enjoy this. 

Steve takes the phone and reads. 

"Has anyone - before tonight and excluding a boyfriend / girlfriend and family - seen you naked accidentally? If so, tell us about the most recent time."

Beth looks at all of us. 

"You guys know the local pool in town, right?"

We all nod.

"I went swimming about two weeks ago and accidentally locked my towel in my locker. I swam and automatically went to shower. I realised once I was in there, but then thought - hey, it's late, it's quiet, no-one will notice or mind. So I just got out, dripping wet and walked down to the lockers naked. It was all fine ... I mean, I was terrified, but didn't see anyone, until I realised that my locker key was still pinned to my swimsuit and fumbled around trying to get it off. There was a mum and some girl about our age just staring at me. I swear it took like fifteen minutes to get that damn key in the lock and get my towel out. They gave me the evilest look ever."

Everyone was in gales of laughter and it took a while to recover. I went and got some water, bringing in a big bottle of mineral water for people to chill out a bit.
