 "You what?!!" Marissa said.

"I took a job," I said defensively. "A job writing weekly erotica for Moon Steam Magazine," I repeated.

"You?" Marissa said. "You? Jenny Smath. Jenny, I've slept with two people in my whole life, Smath," Marissa said. "Jenny, I prefer novels to people, Smath."

"I need the work," I said. "And it's a legitimate writing job. With a respectable literary magazine. So, yes, I took the job. Which, as you just pointed out, I'm hopelessly unqualified for. And they want this week's article to be about a ménage a trois. And of course I have no idea how I'm ever going to write it, so I desperately need help, which is the only reason I'm even telling you. So, HELP!"

"Obviously, there's only one solution," she said.

"What?"

"We need to hire someone," Marissa said.

I glared at her. When I asked her for help I was hoping she could maybe help me jump start my imagination by telling me about some things that had happened to her. Sharing her experiences. I didn't think she was actually going to physically try to find a way to solve my problem.

"You want to hire someone to help me," I said and I laced my voice with as much contempt as I could. Subtext: You couldn't possibly think of a more stupid idea.

"We definitely need to hire someone," she said.

"Are you nuts?" I asked her. My voice raised an octave. "Mari, you're my best friend, but hiring a guy to..." I couldn't even complete the sentence.

"Wait, hear me out," Marissa said.

I crossed my arms over my chest and frowned at her.

"If you're going to write these stories, you need to have some experience first. You always say write what you know. How are you going to be believable if you have no base to even begin with? You need experience so you know what you are talking about, right?"

I wasn't sure that I liked where she was going with this. On the other hand I loved where she was going with this. 

"And you need to get this experience. FAST," Marissa said. "Well, this way you can get the experiences you need," Marissa said.

"We can't hire anyone for this," I said. 

"Why not?" Marissa asked. "You need it; this is a way to get it. As you know, I'm loaded, so I can certainly afford it."

"It would be too much like paying for sex," I said.

"So what?" she said. "Men do it all the time."

"That's beyond..." I started.

"Okay, how about this. We don't pay him for the experiences; we give him a small weekly stipend, a retainer, for being available to answer any questions you might have."

I was silent. 

"You know," Marissa said. "A consultant. That way you can ask him for his feelings, his thoughts, and get his point of view."

I stayed quiet.

"Come on, Jenny, think about it. It would give your writing more depth," Marissa said. "To incorporate a man's perception."

I had to admit, she had a point. 

"Call it research," Marissa said. "You can't write erotica if you don't have any personal experience to draw from, right?"

"Hhmn," was all I said.

Marissa stalked toward me, unbuttoning the top two buttons of her blouse as she went. She stopped when we were only inches apart. She leaned forward until her lips brushed my ear. "And I'll sweeten the pot for you," Marissa whispered. "I'll join you."

* * *

My blood pressure shot through the roof. Marissa is drop-dead gorgeous. With her strawberry blonde hair, perfect face, and amazing body, Marissa has never lacked in getting attention or experience. Unlike me, who other than a few unremarkable dates in college was practically a virgin.

Marissa knows I've always dreamed about doing a threesome but I never had the opportunity. I never, ever, pictured that she might be the one I would get to do that with.

My face flamed red as I pictured her naked, riding some mystery man. I fanned myself.

"Is that a yes?" Marissa asked.

God help me, I thought. 

"That's a yes," I said.

* * *

Marissa ran to my desk to get a scratch pad and paper. I closed my eyes and practiced deep breathing. 

Slow, deep, breaths, Jenny, I told myself. In and out. That's it. In... and out. 

"Shit, that's not a double entendre," I whispered.

"What?" She said.

"Nothing," I said.

"How's this?" Marissa asked. 

I scooted next to her so I could look over her shoulder at what she had written while she read it out loud. "Handsome man who likes sex needed for hands on research for literary project," Marissa said.

"Hhmn," I said. "Change likes to love."

She crossed out likes and made the change.

"It's missing something," I said.

I looked over Marissa's shoulder as she wrote and spoke aloud, adding one more sentence. "Must be willing to take direction and be up for anything."

Marissa looked up at me for approval.

I shrugged.

"Send picture and short bio," Marissa wrote.

"Yeah," I said. "That will do it."

"Alright," Marissa said. "I'll post this on the internet and we will watch the applicants pour in."

"Oh, God," I said.

"In the meantime maybe you ought to write down a list of all the erotic topics you want to write about, so when we get someone we'll be able to check off all your fantasies," Marissa said.

I groaned. And not in a good way.

"Oh, God," I said again.

* * *

Marissa did all the screening. 

I work full-time as an entry level copywriter. With that and my writing projects I didn't exact have time to be sorting through emails from a bunch of guys, trying to weed out the pervs. Besides, I wasn't really interested in sorting through a bunch of applications from guys. Part of me thought this was a stupid idea. Unfortunately another part of me thought this was a great idea.

I kind of pushed the whole project from my mind. Until Wednesday night when I went over Marissa's house for dinner.

"I found him," Marissa said when she opened the door.

"Who?" I asked.

"Your mystery consultant," she said.

A huge lump lodged in my throat. "You're kidding," I said.

"Nope, and look, he's perfect," Marissa said. She led me to her laptop computer which she had set up on the dining room table. "Come here, take a look," she said.

"Mari, I don't know if this is such a good..." I stopped mid-sentence when I saw his picture. It was a black and white head shot of a movie-worthy gorgeous guy with thick, shoulder length dark hair, a beautiful, square, firm chin, and soulful looking deep brown eyes. "My God," I said, and I leaned forward toward the computer screen to get a better look.

"I know, right?" Marissa said. "But he's probably not as good looking as he is in that picture. That photo was obviously taken by a professional."

I was about to ask if he was an actor when Marissa interrupted my thoughts.

"And he's a musician. That's good, right?" she said. "I mean writers and musicians they get along really well usually, don't they? Because they're both creative types, right?"

If she says right one more time I might have to smack her. And not in a good way.

"It's good, right?"

"Right," I said.

Marissa's not usually this annoying. In fact, she's usually not annoying at all. She is usually pretty great. Maybe she was just getting on my nerves because I was a little bit on edge.

"Read his bio," she said. "He's world traveled, he's a professional drummer, which is great, r..."

I cut her off, "Don't say 'right?' " 

"Ooookay," Marissa said. "He's..."

I'm reading it, I thought. 

Marissa shut up. But she was right. The short information about him was well written. He was a full time drummer with a band I had heard of who were always working. He worked part-time with kids doing music therapy. He was educated. His little blurb was funny and smart. He was Hot with a capital 'H'.

"Jeez," I said. "I'm such a gonner."

"I know, r..."

I glared at her.

"Well he's a major hunk, he has a personality, and he's willing to work with us, or he wouldn't have answered our ad," Marissa said. "So I wrote him back."

"You what?!" My voice raised into the stratosphere.

"I wrote him back, as you, and I told him you'd meet him tomorrow at the Seen Bean Coffee House," Marissa said.

"Jesus, Mary, and Joseph and Oh, Fuck," I said. "Oh, God," 

"Trust me," she said.

"Oh, God," I said again. "I can't."

"Grow some balls," she said.

"We're not really going to this, are we?" I asked.

"Of course we are," she answered. "Trust me; it's going to be fine."

Holy shit.

At a few minutes to four Marissa and I sat at the very back table of the coffee house. I practiced my deep breathing to keep me from hyperventilating. I was wearing a simple blue and gold summer dress that hid most of my flaws and went down to my ankles. Marissa was wearing a tight, bright red, low-necked tank top that complemented her hair and showcased her cleavage, a short black miniskirt, and fuck-me red Louboutin high heels that sparkled.

"Listen Mari, what if he doesn't..." I said gesturing to my slightly overweight very curvy body and non-impressive chin-length brown hair.

"He will. He's a guy. Besides you are very sexy. This is all about you, your wants, your fantasies, your desire to write realistically to tantalize others. That's sexy."

He walked in and Marissa stood up and waved at him.

The smile that lit up his face had had my heart leap up into my throat and my pulse spike up to stroke level. I smiled back, filled with happiness and euphoria. And then I got angry. What if he thought Marissa was 'Jenny' and I was just along for moral support?

He saved the day as he approached our table. "Wow, two beauties for the price of one. I must have had some really good Karma in a past life." He looked me straight in the eyes. "You're Jenny, the writer?"

I nodded and held out my hand.

"I'm David."

A quick zing of electricity when our palms touch. I quickly retracted my hand but not fast enough to stop the delicious lick of energy up my arm.

We continued the introductions and it went pretty fast from there. He was even hotter in real life than he was in his picture. I was extremely glad that Marissa was there because I was completely tongue tied. The more he talked the better he got. After a while I got lost in the deep dulcet tones of his voice and lost track of the conversation.

I tuned in to hear Marissa say, "You realize you are being paid for your opinion as a consultant and for your time in general but not for anything you actually perform."

"I do, yes," David said seriously.

"That being said," Marissa drawled slowly, "you realize you'll be doing both of us."

Oh. My. GOD.

David put both hands out, palms up, in a sign of surrender, trying valiantly not to smile, and almost, but not quite succeeding. "I live to serve," he said.

"Good," Marissa said firmly and leaned forward giving him a good view of her cleavage. "Because I live to fuck."

Holy shit.

* * *

"Soooooooo..." I said, standing up fast and knocking over my coffee. "I guess we'll see you tomorrow. Holy mother of God.

"No," Marissa said. Now." A heartbeat of silence. "Right. Now."

YIKES!

"Jenny's on a deadline."

I looked at her with pure panic.

"We'll all take my car," she said. She looked right at me. "That will give you some time to build rapport."

This time I said what I was thinking out loud. "Holy shit, Mari, I can't... I...I..."

But then David reached out and touched my hand and I immediately calmed.

"I'm just the consultant," he said softly. "I'm just here to help."

I closed my eyes and instantly I was filled with want. And just that fast I was soaking wet. I've never had a problem getting wet. He stood up in front of me so our chests were barely an inch apart. Not touching me but very near, lover near. He leaned down so his mouth was close to my ear. Close enough that I could feel his breath. "We won't do anything you don't want to do. I'm under your control. You call the shots. You're the writer. You're writing your own destiny."

"Holy mother," I whispered back, "that's so hot."

His lips grazed my ear. "Does that mean I'm hired?" He said with laughter in his voice, so softly it was almost as if he hadn't spoken at all.

"For the rest of your natural life and beyond," I said. "I have to change my underwear and I think I'm going to faint."

He threw his head back and laughed. "I think that's our cue to get out of here."

"Damn straight, and about time," Marissa said. And with extra sway in her step she swung her beautiful ass out the door and David and I followed.

* * *

It was the fastest ride ever to Marissa's house and as soon as we walked in the door Marissa started giving orders.

"David," she said pointing at him, "take off your shirt and go lie down over there." She pointed to the carpet in front of the couch. Then she gestured parallel to the couch so he knew which direction to lie down.

He looked at me for permission.

I nodded.

He stripped his T-shirt over his head.

"My God, you're beautiful," I whispered.

He treated me to one of those amazing smiles.

Marissa went and kneeled between him and the couch.

"Jenny, mimic me on his other side," she said.

I did.

"When did you get to be so bossy?" I asked. This wasn't like her. "Not that I mind."

"I was always this way," she said. "I just didn't want to scare you."

She looked down at David. "Now put your arms around us," she said. He did.

She leaned forward a little.

"On our asses," she said.

"Oh, God," I said.

He did. Very lightly.

Then she leaned forward and kissed him.

I groaned. My God that was hot. 

It was so wrong to think your best friend kissing a virtual stranger was this hot. My eyelids fluttered because I was more turned on than I had ever been in my life and I was getting more turned on by the second.

"How am I ever going to write about this?" I said.

"Jenny?" Marissa said.

"Um?"

"Take off your dress and shut up."

Fuck.

I followed her command with super speed. How could I not? It was like a submissive part of me snapped to attention with an automatic 'Yes, Sir' that was so ingrained it was like breathing. I had my dress off before you could say strip.

I was wearing a plain white bra and panties. If I knew I'd be undressing in front of an audience today I would have gone shopping for something sexier.

Marissa slapped me on my arm.

"What?" I said.

"Pay attention; get your head in the game."

"Okay," I said.

"Good," she said. "Now, unbuckle his pants."

I looked at David's face. His long brown hair was spread out around him. His lips were swollen from where Marissa had kissed him. His brown eyes looked turned on and they were glowing with willingness. Hot.

I trembled unsnapping his jeans. I had a hard time unzipping his pants over his erection. I unzipped them and looked at Marissa for direction.

"Take his pants off," she said.

David raised his hips to help me.

Holy fuck, he was totally hard. His erection was lying flat up against his belly and the tip of him was peeking out his black boxer briefs.

"Suck his cock," Marissa said.

"What?"

Marissa reached over fast and grabbed a fist full of my hair and pulled my head back.

"Don't make me tell you again," Marissa said.

My heart beat sped up and my mouth opened and I started to pant. I closed my eyes. I always knew she was hot but I had no idea she could be this hot.

"Yes, okay," I whispered.

"Yes, okay... what?" she said. Her voice was firm. Almost angry. She gave a little yank on my hair. "I said... yes... okay... What?"

I didn't understand. What the hell was she asking?

"Yes, okay, Mistress," I whispered.

She let go of my hair.

"That's better," she said.

I looked at her. Her blue eyes were shining. I had never seen her look so pleased. It was like the cat that ate the canary look, but better. She leaned across David and brushed my lips with hers, barely a touch at all, if I hadn't seen her coming so slowly toward me I would have wondered if imagined it. Then she leaned back on her haunches and looked at me with pure love.

We kneeled there, suspended in time for a moment, just staring at each other filled with love. My heart swelled. Then she blinked and slapped me on the arm, hard, and said in a firm voice, "What are you waiting for Bitch? I want to see you take his cock in your mouth. I want to see what you can do. I want to see what you know. And more importantly," and she leaned forward here and her voice got smoky and sexy, "I want to see what you can ..." she drew the next word out... "Learn." 

I got incredibly wet.

I had to swallow a lump in my throat. 

Holy shit.

She slapped me again. Lightly. Just to wake me up because I was in a stupor.

"Now!"

I looked down at David. He looked up at me like he couldn't believe this was happening either.

I looked down at his cock, still almost completely covered in the soft cotton of his underwear.

This is absolutely the best day of my life, I thought.

Slowly I licked him through the underwear. A slow stroke from the base to the tip. Then I teased the tip, licking the part the peeked out the top, reveling in the fact that more began to show.

"Good boy," I said. Two could play at the dominant thing. "More," I said firmly.

And he did. He grew even longer and thicker and I smiled feeling slutty and free and proud of myself and anticipatory.

"Take his underwear off, Jenny," Marissa said.

I did.

I stood his cock up with my hands and positioned my mouth to go down on him and was starting to when two strong hands grabbed me. Marissa had fisted both hands into my hair, freezing me into place. I slanted my eyes over to her.

"Jenny," she drawled. Drawing my name out into three long syllables.

"Yes?"

"Yes what?" The angry voice again.

"Yes, Mistress," I said softly.

"How much do you like giving a blow job?"

"Very, very much. Truly."

She yanked my hair a little.

"Mistress," I added. I didn't think I could possibly get any wetter but I did.

"Beg me," she said. She leaned in close to me until her lips were against my ear. "Beg me to fuck him with your mouth."

David groaned.

"Please Mari," I said. "I'm begging you. I'll do anything for you if you let me," I can't believe I'm saying this, "...fuck him with my mouth."

She tugged on my hair.

"Mistress."

"Do it," she said. She let go of my hair.

I opened my mouth and slid it over his cock.

"Jesus, Jenny," David said.

I wrapped my hand around the bottom of his penis. I used my tongue and my lips. I found a firm pressure and a good, medium rhythm, I licked and sucked and used my mouth and hand in tandem. When I got to the top I let my mouth come up and over, coming all the way off with a wet popping smack for a millisecond before plunging back over the head.

Marissa put her face right next to mine. "That's a good girl, Sweetie, that's very good. How's she doing David?"

"Oh my God, fantastic. I'm seeing stars; I'm going to come any second."

Swack. Sharp slap to the middle of his chest.

Fist in my hair pulling me off him.

"You don't come until I tell you to," Marissa said in that hard voice while pointing at David.

"You either," she said looking at me.

"You're so hot you make it hard to breathe," I said looking at her.

Sharp yank on my hair.

"Mistress," I said.

"You're a slow learner," she said.

I lowered my eyes slightly. "Or maybe I just like it," I said.

They both laughed.

She gestured to his cock.

"Continue," she said.

"You like to watch, don't you?" I asked her.

"I like everything," she said. "Today I'm going to watch him fuck you. Because you need it. You have a lifetime of experience to make up for." She caressed my face. "Stop stalling and start sucking that beautiful shaft before I beat you to it. Now." 

I went back to sucking his cock, felt it grow even bigger and harder in my mouth. I rolled my lips in more, then I rolled my lips out more, and I judged his reactions. He seemed to like everything equally and so did I. I sped up more and listened to him groan. I drove him to the brink. Then it was my turn to listen to him beg.
