 None of my friends and family would ever believe I'd go to a sex club like this. They know me as a conservative, kind of prudish girl. I certainly won't be putting anything that happens here tonight on my Facebook page! That would sure change their view of me. 

When I found out my company was sending me to San Francisco for my very first out-of-town business conference, I researched the local swinger scene online and found this high class club called Eros Unleashed. Being that this was San Francisco, I double checked to confirm it was a heterosexual club. Not that I have anything against gay people, it's just that I'm not on their team. My fantasy of having anonymous sex in a safe place like this will hopefully happen tonight. That is, of course, if I don't chicken out.

Last May during my last year of college, I shared a dorm room with a very promiscuous girl. Quite often she would sneak a boy into our room in the wee hours of the night and have sex with him just a few feet from my bed. She must have thought I was asleep but I was only faking it. It turned me on incredibly to see them humping each other. Every time she did it, I stroked my clit beneath the sheets until I came. I became a bit of a voyeur. I'm hoping to watch some couples having sex in this club tonight. For the last week, every time I thought of being among people having sex when I got to San Francisco, my vagina would simply gush with wetness. Ahhh. Fond memories. 

I graduated from college just less than a year ago and haven't had a steady boyfriend for so long I almost forget what sex feels like. Sometimes I get so horny, I use two vibrators at once, one for my pussy and the other to tickle my asshole. It would be too risky for my reputation in my small home town if I trolled for a one-night hookup in a local bar. But here, nobody knows me. Even a nice girl needs a real cock once in a while.

My big problem with finding a boyfriend is my size, not wide but tall. I stand six foot three inches in my stocking feet. That was great for high school volleyball but the boys find it intimidating. I have a slim toned body because I work out three times a week and jog to train for a charity half marathon that is a big event every summer back home. And my breasts are a perky 36 C cup. So guys shouldn't be turned off by my body. One of these days, I will find the right guy and settle down, but right now I just want some good sex with a bunch of other folks and also watch them having good sex around me. Is that a crime?

It took a long time for me to decide what to wear. I don't have any sexy, clubbing type tight dresses but I didn't want to wear something too conservative. So I finally decided on a semi-formal, light purple, bridesmaid's dress from my sister's wedding. It has a somewhat low front that shows off my cleavage. I bought a push-up bra back home just for tonight that really makes the tops of my breasts spill over and look really full. It's a summer sleeveless dress with a hem just above the knee. I'll likely be the most conservatively dressed woman here but that's the best I've got. One small problem is it has a long zipper down the back which is kind of hard to reach. I have to contort to reach it to pull down. Not good when the action gets hot. But what am I worried about, a guy will be pulling it down. Silly me.

I bought some panties today at Victoria's Secret. It took me forever to find the right pair. I just went from feeling one silky pair to stroking another while fantasizing about some good looking guy peeling them down my legs. I almost regretted not bringing my trusty vibrator on the trip for back in my hotel room but then thought, "No way. You are going to get the real thing, girl." I finally decided on a deep red pair in the Brazilian style which has a broad band around my hips and a full enough bottom area to cover my full bush. The crotch area was very see-through and you can see my pubes and camel-toe notch quite easily through the shear fabric. I got red because if a man is seeing them, it's because I have decided to get soundly laid. The hornier he is by seeing my sexy undies, the more passionate he might hump me. God, when I just thought that I closed my eyes and envisioned a man's torso thudding into my body as he fucked me. My heart gave a bit of a panicky, erotic flutter. Girl, are you in heat or what?

There was another big decision I had to make. Should I shave my privates? I have quite a bush and have never shaved it. Of course, I have always trimmed the sides as they say for a 'Bikini Trim' but it was a thick thatch elsewhere even down to my anus. My problem is that I work out at the gym with my girlfriends and if I shave bald after going to San Francisco they are going to know something is up. So I decided to trim the top area down but leave it full and then shave the lips and deep in the crack of my ass where the girlfriends can't see but any guy who wants to lick my pussy won't get a hair stuck in his throat. Gee, I hope that's okay. Almost all the nude pictures I see nowadays have girls shaved bald. Maybe variety will be a turn on for some great guy. If nobody wants me, I can always stroke my own privates while I watch other couples having sex.

I have a small clutch handbag that is light purple to match my dress. I only have my wallet and a bit of makeup in it. As you can see, I'm the kind of person that likes to plan ahead. 

It's about 10:30. When I called, the host said that they open at eight but it's best to get there later when the action starts but not too late because people get a bit drunk and sometimes obnoxious in the wee hours. But she said not to worry, they had strict club rules that 'No means no.' Men were pretty much gentlemen in their club. That was a big relief. 

Here I am at the club entrance. I go in through the big black doors and up the stairs to the club on the second floor. I can hear the heavy beat of the music. I pay my fifty dollar entrance fee to the nice looking blonde girl with the sexy short dress and then here I am inside this den of depravity. I must look nervous because I am nervous. Over on the right, there's a long bar with stools. There are two couples there talking and three single guys that are looking out over the crowd like lions searching for prey. I shift my gaze away in a flash. It's too soon to lock eyes with anyone. Straight ahead there's a large open area for dancing with a DJ in a booth at the far end. A cheesy retro mirrored ball on the ceiling is reflecting light around the semi-dark room. A strobe light flashes briefly to complete the retro atmosphere. There are a dozen couples dancing to a heavy fast number as well as a group of five women dancing together, giggling and having a great fun time. Around the dance floor, there are high, small round tables with three or four tall barstools to sit on. About half the tables are occupied. There's a long stairway on the left wall that goes up to a higher floor where the website said was a 'Playroom'. I have to admit I just gulped nervously when I saw that stairway and remembered what was up at the top. I am not sure that when the time comes I will have the guts to make the 'Perp Walk' up those steps with everyone watching.

I walk over to the bar. I need, I mean REALLY need a drink right now. I walk to the other side of the two couples so they are between the three single guys and me. I get a large margarita and gulp it down in a flash and order another. 

The bartender is a handsome, nice young man who laughs and shouts over the loud music, "Way to suck back that drink , love. Bet that will take the edge off. Welcome to Eros Unleashed!"

"Thanks, I really needed to take the edge off. I'm a bit nervous. This is my first time in a place like this." 

"Don't worry a little bit. It's all good. You'll see. By the way, my names Dell." He smiled a big broad, friendly smile and offered his hand over the bar." I took it and gave him a rather limp and sweaty shake. "If you have any questions, just come and ask ol' Dell. I'm your guide to the pleasures of Eros Unleashed. My boyfriend and I go to a different club, however." He winked at me and gave me another big smile. I got his point. This, after all, is San Francisco.

A handsome man in his mid-forties that had been talking to a woman next to me came over.

"Hi, my name's Michael, what's yours?" The music is a bit loud and we have to bob our heads towards each other to hear. That means he stands very close and into my personal space more than I'm used to. He holds my bare upper right arm firmly as we talk. It's a bit intimate but I guess that's okay.

I blurted out, "Ann, nice to meet you." Damn, I was going to use a fake name and there I go saying my real one.

He slips his hand down to my waist and at first I panic that he is going for my butt but he stops and then pulls me firmly towards the woman he is with. I hesitate to grab my handbag from the bar and then allow him to direct me.

"This is my wife, Catherine. Dear, this is Ann." She is a foxy forty and very well put together. She has dark blonde, professionally styled hair and an expensive beige cocktail dress that is very short and sexy. She has beautiful legs that deserve to be shown off. They make a very great, executive-looking power couple.

She offers her hand and I shake it more firmly this time. "Hi, nice to meet you folks." I can feel Michael's hand kind of massaging my back from the base of my neck, down my spine to the small of my back and back up again. I'm a bit uncomfortable with this but it feels good and I don't want to look like some kind of prude by asking him to stop.

Catherine doesn't seem to mind her husband touching me. "Hello, Ann. Great to meet you and what a beautiful dress."

"Thanks. And your dress is just out of this world." What a refined couple. This swinging scene must have all types. 

Michael is just a bit shorter than me. He leans in a bit and says, "Are you from San Fran?" His hand goes a bit lower to the top of my butt as he gives me a cat-like smile. 

"No, I'm just in for a business conference." I don't want to reveal too much.

"Right on. Well, we're glad you could visit our friendly club." On the word 'friendly' his left hand cups my right ass-cheek and he looks deep into my eyes for a reaction. I feel my eyes widen at the sudden groping. I step back enough to be out of easy reach without saying a word. He looks a bit disappointed but keeps a forced smile on his lips. 

Catherine pipes up loud enough to be heard over the music, "Yes, my dear you will find people like us in the club are VERY friendly. The women are just as friendly to pretty girls like you as the men." She sports a feline smile like her husband's. Okay, okay I get the point. But these folks seem a bit too old for me. I'm only twenty-three. If I was twenty years older I would be all over this attractive couple like white on rice. 

"Thanks, you guys are so nice to welcome me like that." I finish the half of the margarita that's left in two gulps. "Looks like I need another drink. I hope you guys have fun tonight. Thanks again." I go back to my place at the bar and ol' Dell is quick to give me another. I can feel a buzz coming on from the first two that I drank too quickly. I promise myself that this drink will last for an hour at least. The last thing I want is to get drunk. I want to remember all that happens when I wake tomorrow. 

I turn with my back to the bar and look out at the dance floor. A sexy 50 Cent tune is throbbing and more folks are up doing their thing. Several are in close embrace, humping each other with hands massaging butts. I've never seen that kind of dance. It must be some Latin or Black style. Wow, what a turn-on. I see a couple going up the stairs to the playroom. I can only imagine what happens up there. It's beginning to pull me like a magnet.

I look to my left along the length of the bar. Fortunately I am tall enough to see over the couples, including Catherine and Michael, between the three single men and me who are intently looking out at the dance floor. There's an older man and two that might be late twenties to early thirties. The one younger guy has light brown hair is dressed a bit conservatively with grey slacks and a sports jacket. He's no Tom Cruise but not bad to look at. He looks like he hits the gym a bit. Nice. The other candidate is dressed in all black with tight pants and a T-shirt that seems to be painted on his ripped chest and six-pack. He's a bit skinny for my taste and his longish black hair gives him a delinquent Southern European look. He's handsome in a bad-boy type of way. I'm sure he has no trouble picking up ladies in these clubs. The third fellow seems more my cup of tea. I wonder how I get his attention without appearing to be a slut or something. He seems to be just staring out at the dancing crowd. The bad-boy character, on the other hand, is nervously scanning about like a hyena looking for a kill. Oh no. He spotted me looking at him. Shit, he's coming over.

"Hi doll. You look great. Let's dance." He takes my hand and confidently starts to pull me towards the dance floor. Not a man of many words. I try to think of some kind of excuse to get out of this. I'd rather get to know the other, more civilized guy. I've never understood why girls fall for the bad-boy type.

"Sorry, I don't want to leave my purse." A pretty lame excuse but the only thing that popped into my margarita-fueled head.

"No problem baby, Ol' Dell will watch it like it was his mother's." He shouts over to Dell, "Yo bro, watch the babe's purse while we dance, right?" Dell fails me by giving a thumbs up and with no names said the dark stranger pulls me trotting to the edge of the dancing crowd. Thank goodness I didn't wear my heels. I didn't want to tower even more than normal over the men. 

I love to dance and this music is very stimulating. I've wanted to let loose and groove for a long time. This is my chance. I'll have a few dances with this guy and hopefully move on to the other more normal looking guy later.

The bad boy stops and turns and stands facing me with a big shit-ass grin on his face and starts to dance. I'm sure he is used to bedding any girl that he chooses. I look over his shoulder to the bar and see the more normal looking guy looking our way. I wonder how I can get him to rescue me after a few dances. 

We start to dance and I can see that the guy really knows how to get down. I get into the beat and do my thing, a bit tentative at first and then I unleash. He holds my hand and pulls me into the center of the crowd. The place is pretty dark and the strobe lights flashing are hypnotic. This is really fun. Everyone around us is totally into it. One girl gets eight of us into a circle and then each of us in turn have to get inside and dance as sexy as possible. The guys swivel their hips and thrust them like they are humping someone. Even the older men get right into it. The women are really crazy. They shake their boobs and dip forward to give the guys a good look down their tops. One limber girl squats as she gyrates and I can swear I see a bare pussy as her knees spread. Wow, this is not hometown Idaho. 

It's my turn and I strut to the center. I shake my booty as the crowd cheers me on. My act is not as dirty as others but it is farther than I have ever gone before. When I am at the center, I can see the bad-boy adjust his package. Oh my god, I am turning him on! Do I feel sexy or what? I shake my tits. They aren't as loose as the other women but I am young and still firm. That's not my fault. Boy those drinks are going to my head. 

The circle collapses when the next equally sexy, throbbing song washes over us. My partner pulls me towards him to dance in the close style several of the others are doing. He puts a knee between my two and puts his two hands on the cheeks of my ass and pulls me to his waist and instantly starts to grind. Whew. I catch my breath and then giggle like a shy girl. Jeez, Ann, grow up. But I can't help it. It's fun and shocking at the same time. 

I am about four inches taller than him so our naughty bits are not touching but we get into a good rhythm. At first I have my hands on his shoulders but I see all the women are dancing with their hands on their guys' butts so I do the same. When in Rome. His ass is a bit small and very muscular. I can feel his butt muscles clinch every time he thrusts his pelvis forward. It is so raunchy. I squat down a bit lower and I can feel the tip of his manhood through his pants in the Y at the top of my legs. I feel like such a dirty girl. What would my mother think?

We dance a few more songs until my pussy is on fire and we are grinding like we are fucking in public. I have lost all shame as my world becomes his ass in my hands, my ass in his hands and my clit rubbing up against the hard pole in his pants. This is simply teasing me to the edge of ecstasy without allowing me to jump off the cliff into fulfillment. It is crazy-making. 

The song ends and I pant out, "I need another drink." He takes my hand and trots me back to the bar and tells Dell to give us 'the same as before'. I could see the other guy I had been interested in was still sitting there looking a bit uncomfortable as we passed. I smiled over at him but I am not sure he saw me. I gulp down the margarita. I am so thirsty. Another full one appears before me like magic. The man in black, I still don't have a name, stands close to me and rests his right hand on my butt like he owns it. I draped my left arm over his shoulder which gives him pretty much free reign to do anything down there. 

He gives me a hug by grabbing a big handful of my ass-cheek and forcibly pulling my body to his. He gives me a big kiss on my sensitive neck and takes his other hand to the back of my head and pulls our lips together in a deep French kiss. Wow. That is SEXY. I swoon a bit and I can feel my pussy gush and throb. I have to go on one foot to raise my leg up a bit to give my clit a bit of friction. FUCK! I'M SO FUCKING HORNY.

Our lips part and he growls huskily, "Get your drink and let's go." I do as I'm told and he leads me confidently towards the stairs that go up to that room of pleasure. I feel a sudden surge of adrenaline mixed with fear But that doesn't slow my forward motion. He doesn't have to drag me because I'm just as anxious as him to get it on. He signals me to go first up the stairs and I mount them with determination. I know he is watching my ass so I give it a good sway all the way up. Looking down I see the other young fellow at the bar looking up at me longingly and in disappointment. He must think I am such a slut. But guess what, I am going to be a slut tonight. It's too bad he didn't ask me to dance first. 

We are almost to the top of the stairs when I hear the man behind me yell, "STOP." Oh no, does that mean we aren't going to have sex? I stop and he mounts the same stair as am on with his back to the wall. He puts his two hands on my ass and pulls me to him for a long kiss as he massages my butt deeply. My ass it to the crowd below. Oh my god, it dawns on me that he wants to show everyone what a tart I am. He wants to show off his prize that he'll be fucking. I can feel a blush over my face and down my neck. But I don't stop him. I can feel him pulling up the back of my dress and soon a gush of cold air on my upper legs tells me everyone can see my scarlet panties. Then, not satisfied with that, I can feel his right hand dip under the waistband and feel my bare ass and crack. I hear a few cheers from below. I kiss him even more deeply. This is really turning me on. He breaks the kiss, looks me in the eyes, smiles, and gives a big wink and pushes my ass up the stairs. I eagerly move quickly to the 'Playroom'. 

At the top of the stairs there's a small landing with a door with long strings of beads hanging from the top. We part the beads and enter a dimly lit room. There are ten or so large sofas around the outer walls and at each end, there's a large bed covered with a plastic film. There are a couple of harnesses hanging from the ceiling at one corner and at another corner, a dungeon looking big wooden X with four leather buckles at each end of the wood. What a place. I can smell incense and there are many large white candles on tall wrought iron stands to give off extra light at strategic places. 
