 A chill ran through my body, which only now was beginning to cool down, as the beads of sweat, not all of which were my own, started to dry in the thick, steamy air that surrounded me. My legs shaking, I took a seat on the couch, the very piece of furniture upon which I had just committed the most depraved deed of my life with my two best friends. Except for a couple pieces of jewelry, I was dressed in only a pair of sexy high heels while the cum of two different men was still streaming down my face and neck, though the fluid was mostly dried by now. Across from me, Jason was getting his clothes back on after fulfilling his wildest fantasy of double-teaming me with Leo, who was already taking a shower down the hall. I figured I would wait until Jason left before I got dressed, although my naked body was starting to get cold.

When Jason finally walked out the door, I told him one more time that he and Leo had given me the time of my life and that we would have to do it again. I meant all of it too, but what I didn't tell him about was the mix of emotions that were running through my brain following my first experience with double penetration and, well, any sexual experience involving more than me and one other person. As I started to prepare for a shower to get all this sweat and cum off my body, paradoxical feelings were at war within me.

On the one hand, I felt exhilarated because I had just been simultaneously fucked by my two best friends in a wild, passionate and intense threesome. The ensuing orgasm was as good as any as I ever had rip through my body. On the other hand, though, I couldn't shake the feelings of shame and even guilt. Perhaps we had all gotten a little carried away, and I couldn't help but think that respectable women didn't have threesomes, let alone do something as wicked as double penetration. I had always prided myself in being very selective with my sexual partners, but for the first time in my life I felt like a whore.

It took me a long time to sort out those feelings. Poor Jason, who lived out of town, went home and couldn't help but constantly talk about what had transpired. After more than a decade of being sexually frustrated by me, he had gotten not only the opportunity to finally fuck me, but live out his wildest fantasy to sandwich me. However, as eager as he was to talk about it over the course of the following months, I felt, unfortunately, awkward talking to him at all, as if we had broken up or something.

Leo, on the other hand, didn't bring up the threesome very often, though he said he had had a hell of a good time. Since he lived in town with me, too, he still got to fuck me pretty much whenever he wanted. I truly did want to bring Jason back into Leo and my sex again, but I guess I just had to work through my feelings first. Fortunately for all of us, my qualms had settled within a few months.

Even Jason admitted there was some initial awkwardness that comes with banging his best friend in a devil's threesome after almost a decade of mostly platonic friendship. After all, he and Leo had never really gotten along before the threesome, and I can't imagine their relationship got any less awkward after double-penetrating me. Getting carried away with teaming up with him on their shared lady of obsession certainly complicated that issue, especially when they were forced to communicate over the next few months.

By March of 2014, though, the negative emotions wore off, but the memory of the wonderful experience remained. Nothing could match the passion and intensity of that experience, and Jason's inability to not pursue a follow-up session kept it fresh in my mind. By April, we were starting to come up with a time and place where the boys could fix my slender, 5'5" frame between their toned bodies. I got so hot thinking about it that I could hardly believe I had been that awkward about it for the past three months!

One thing Jason had taught me over the years was the power of honesty, and, after confiding in him the complex emotions that I feared would taper his enthusiasm which I very much adored, my confidence was renewed. Jason insisted that he didn't want to pressure me into anything I didn't want to do, but I truly did want to have another threesome with him and Leo. That first time was sincerely amazing and the perfect culmination of my relationships with the two boys, and the energy and intensity - not to mention the pleasure - of the sex was unparalleled by anything I enjoyed following it. Having been purged of my qualms, we actively pursued a follow up meeting for more raunchy, ungodly sex. It had to be with them, too, because back then I would never have even dreamed of doing such outrageous acts with anyone beside Leo and Jason, my two best friends. 

Unfortunately, it ended up being more than a year between arranging our first threesome and carrying out the second one. It didn't help that Jason and I lived more than 500 miles apart, and that obstacle was just the beginning. Being firmly rooted in our separate lives, we didn't have many opportunities to see each other, and when I did visit, I always stayed with my parents, a set-up that didn't really allow for the fulfillment of our mutual lust. Jason's living situation wasn't much better, living in a bachelor pad with two other men who we didn't want knowing anything of our arrangement. Then there was often the issue of Leo's not being able to get off work most of the time. At least most of the work I did for my job was online, which made going out of town a non-issue for me. Otherwise, we might have waited even longer.

After plans for a second threesome fell through more than a couple times for different reasons, at long last, Leo and I were back where I grew up, on our way to a motel where Jason had checked in just moments before our arrival. After many months of delay, we realized we needed to just make it happen, and even though the long delay between sessions had done nothing to help my nerves, I was excited. Admittedly, that old guilt and shame attempted to grip my heart, but I had become well-trained in releasing my inhibitions to allow all of us to have some good, raunchy fun.

It was freezing cold that day, being the middle of February. I was wearing a long, very heavy coat but not much else under it, considering the ensuing activity. Even though the walk from the car to the room was just a couple minutes, it was enough for me to feel like my toes were going to fall off. My fun silver stripper shoes were sexy for the occasion, but they weren't much for practicality considering the weather. The heels were a must, though, as the boys loved me in the right pair of shoes. I certainly didn't mind it because I love shoes!

When Leo and I did make it into the room, I wasn't quite ready to take my jacket off yet. Yes, of course I was a little nervous to initiate just my second threesome and first in more than a year, but my body needed a minute to warm up anyway. Jason had greeted us right at the door and, along with Leo, patiently waited for me to undress.

Leo got comfortable right away, throwing aside his jacket and unloading his wallet, phone and keys before engaging Jason in forced and awkward conversation. The boys had never had much in common aside from their interest in me, but that one similarity was plenty enough for them to be together in that room. While the boys chatted, I checked myself out in the mirror to make sure my hair and makeup were still in place. Color was returning to my face as my body warmed up, and I decided it was time to get started once I felt pretty enough.

I gave the boys a seductive smile that they seemed not to notice right away as I pulled off the coat without announcement. The movement of my clothing was enough to get them to instantly stop talking and stand at attention to me while my heart began to flutter in my chest. I let the jacket simply fall to my feet, and the boys just smiled back upon seeing what I was wearing underneath.

I wasn't as proud of this outfit as I was of the Santa getup I'd donned for our first dip into group sex, but I think the boys liked it regardless. For my shirt, I had on a white halter top that didn't quite meet the gray pleated miniskirt beneath it, leaving most of my stomach exposed and anything more than a third of the way down my thighs, beside the high heels. Like I said, not really an outfit for winter weather. In fact, it was not really an outfit at all, as it barely covered anything. The shoes, by the way, were six-inch high heels that covered just a bit of my recently pedicured feet, complete with pink nail polish that matched my fingernails. For jewelry, I wore the wrist and ankle bracelets from last time and also a pretty silver necklace that Leo had bought me for Christmas just a couple months prior. Of course, I made sure the barn was painted with makeup, and I had carefully framed my brown hair around my face, curling it just slightly around my cheeks so that it curved out at the bottom.

With both sets of eyes on me, I made my way over to the bed in the middle of the room. I tried to walk slowly and sexily, but my legs were shaking too much in my shoes to totally hide my nerves. As both unexplained anxiety and excitement fought in my chest, I took a seat on the mattress and smiled uncontrollably when I saw my two lovers so cutely stunned still and silent as their respective gazes remained fixed on me. I was about to tell them to snap out of it, but then Leo hurried over toward the window, making sure the curtains were pulled closed, and then turned the fan to high. It was a good idea, I thought, as it would dull some of the wild noise that all three of us would undoubtedly be making in just a couple moments.

Being only our second time with all of us together and first in a long time, we were awkwardly silent for the first little bit. It wasn't like now when we just confidently hop right into the fun. Internally, I was waiting for the right moment to use a line I had rehearsed before deciding to just go ahead and break the silence with it.

"Do you know what my favorite cookie is?" I said, my voice wavering like my arms did as I reached for the hem of the halter top. I didn't even give them a chance to answer, not that they would have in the midst of their stunned silence. "Oreo," I answered for them. I felt so silly saying that line that I had to hold in a giggle. I do realize now that the quip would have been more accurate had I been in the presence of two black men, but it would be a couple more years before I would even consider such a thing - which itself is a story for another time!

Anyway, there I was, smiling like a fool and trying not to laugh with how ridiculous I thought my situation was as I pulled my shirt off. Even if my quoting porn wasn't enough to turn the guys on, I hoped my undressing would do the trick. With my heels planted on the floor, I pulled the halter top over my head and quickly tossed it on the floor on the other side of the bed in that cheap motel. In that moment, I could have used a drink like last time, but the memory of that joyous first threesome would turn out to be plenty of motivation to carry out the act again. Just remembering the passion and intensity of being sandwiched between these two guys last year was enough to get my heart fluttering with delightful anticipation.

Ah yes, the anticipation. Afterward, the three of us talked about how The excitement leading up to the second threesome may have actually exceeded that of the first time. You see, this time there wasn't as much awkwardness or apprehension, since we had already done it once before and succeeded marvelously. It's always nearly impossible to top the thrill of doing anything this fun for the first time, but the year-long build-up of this subsequent session may have been enough. I knew the boys were dying to double-team me just as much as I yearned to have them both back inside me. I couldn't wait to experience again the feeling of those two cocks stuffing my ass and pussy simultaneously. Even though leading up to this evening, no one of us had specifically mentioned double penetration, we all knew a Jessie sandwich was on the menu.

The boys leered at me, still neither one saying a word. It was on me again to keep the show going, so I reached around my back. Had it not been for the bulges in the men's pants, I would have thought I was having no affect on them! 

I unhooked the bra and tossed it away, leaving my B-cup breasts exposed. For Jason, it was only the second time he had gotten to see me topless, so I flashed him a grin as I looked at his eyes, which, of course, were occupied with my chest. I have never been very confident in my boobs, but I'm glad Jason and Leo like them.

I pushed my hair out of my face and over my shoulder, slowly getting more comfortable in this exciting but nerve-wracking situation. At this point, I clutched the edge of the mattress and just smiled at the guys, refusing to make another move. It was their turn.

Leo made the next move, saying under his breath that someone needed to do something here. Leo's actions seemed to break Jason out of the spell as well, and within a couple minutes, both men had stripped naked right in front of me. I was thrilled with how comfortable they were to disrobe right next to each other, both of them being strongly heterosexual men, not to mention not all the comfortable with each other at the time. I was so proud of them that I hardly noticed their big, erect penises that were eager to get inside me.

Leo, being more comfortable in a sexual context, stepped up first, and I dutifully stroked his cock while smiling up at him. As my one hand caressed up and down that thick, rigid shaft, I used my free hand to beckon Jason over to join the party. He seemed a little hesitant at first, probably because he was still a little uneasy around Leo in this environment, but after just a couple seconds, Jason took his place in front of me beside Leo.

As soon as Jason was within my range, I grabbed his cock with my free hand so that I was jerking both boys off at the same time as they stood angled in front of me. The feeling of one of my hands on each respective cock seemed to ease both of the men, and soon all three of us had calmed down enough from all the excitement to move forward. My eyes darted back and forth between my two best friends, raising my eyebrows to each of them as I cued them for the next step.

In my left hand, I held firmly to Jason's dick as I positioned Leo's cock in my other hand in line with my mouth so that I could take it in. As both men looked on and sighed with pleasure, I sucked on Leo's cock first before quickly switching over to Jason's. I then proceeded to go back and forth between the guys, sucking off both of them for a few seconds at a time as memories of our first endeavor flooded my mind. By this point, all anxiety had set sail from that dingy motel room.

I reveled in having two hard cocks at my disposal, and what I really wanted was to put them both in my mouth at the same time. It would be another session or two, though, before the guys would be comfortable having their dicks touch. Instead, I just continued to alternate between the two cocks, giving both boys adequate turns inside my mouth.

For the next several minutes I blew both guys off, my heart pounding with excitement. I felt just an iota of shame begin to well up inside me as I returned for a second drink at the well of depravity, but I quickly suppressed that negativity and instead allowed the exhilaration of pleasing two sexy guys at once overtake my senses. Soon, I was slurping dutifully on whichever cock was in my mouth, my head bobbing back and forth while I stroked the other dick with my other hand. I was beyond pleased to hear my friends moan with pleasure as I sucked them, taking a deep breath each time I switched to the other guy.

The next words spoken were from Leo, who said, "Do you like sucking two cocks?"

I smiled, having my response ready to go right away: "I can think of something better for them," I said, briefly holding both cocks up to my mouth but careful to keep them from touching as I licked the tips of them both. "How about one in my pussy" - I took another lick - "and one in my ass?" It was something I had seen in a porn video once.

Jason and Leo stepped back as I lay back, releasing both cocks and grinning from ear to ear. I playfully kicked my legs up in the air, holding onto the blanket on the bed and recalling the last time all three of us were together and naked, though I still had my skirt and thong on in this moment.

"I really liked when you licked my toes last time," I said to Jason, stretching out my right foot to him. I didn't need to say anything more, as Jason grasped the heel of the shoe on that foot and held my ankle as well, pulling it up to his mouth. I giggled as his tongue slipped gently against each of the tips of my toes that protruded from the shoes and then I looked over at Leo.

"This one is still free," I said to Leo, inviting him to treat my left foot. Leo wasn't quite the foot/shoe guy that Jason was, but as we drew toward the main event, I could have gotten either one of them to do my laundry for me right there if I'd asked if it meant getting to DP me. Leo obediently held onto my shoe like Jason was, and now both boys were licking the tips of my toes or the top of my foot, as much of it as was exposed by my erotic footwear. I don't know how hot it was from a male perspective for two guys to be licking my feet, but from my female perspective, it was incredibly sexy!

Leo worked his way more up my ankle and shin while Jason remained focused mostly on my toes and a little bit on the flesh on the top of my foot. As Jason stayed put, his hand ran up and down my leg, making me shiver a bit as I continued to giggle and moan. The closer his hand came to my inner thigh and pussy, the more I twitched and the more turned on I became. The sensations and stimulation from these two men as they worshiped my feet and legs really had me starting to squirm on that cheap motel bed.

Needless to say, both boys had cocks that looked hard as steel. Eventually, Leo was kissing my thighs and rubbing my pussy, his hand underneath my thong, while Jason kissed down to my knee and ran his fingers over my toes, which were damp with his saliva. Leo's free hand ran up to squeeze my left breast, and that move was enough for me to demand that we move to the next phase. The boys needed no encouragement, and, in a blur of movement, they released me, and Jason was the one now with his back on the bed as I was now standing by the edge of it. As I watched my good friend stroke his cock in preparation for its second run with me in our lifetimes, I pulled my miniskirt down, followed by my thong while Leo took a step back to give Jason and me just a little space.

Once I tossed those remaining garments aside, both of my friends complimented me profusely on my appearance, causing me to blush and meekly thank them as I stood there wearing nothing but high heels and some jewelry to go with my prettied hair and makeup. Then I focused my attention for the moment on Jason, who lay on the bed, prepared to enter me. It would be only the second time I would have this one of my very best friends inside me, so even the group sex aside, I was really excited as I climbed onto the bed with him, his cock rigid and ready for me.

Our eyes met and lingered, both of us grinning as I positioned myself over Jason. I decided in that moment to give Jason my ass first, so I crawled over him on my hands and knees and then turned myself over so that I was facing the ceiling, my back toward Jason and my arms propping myself behind my back on either side of Jason's shoulders. From there, Jason took charge, lining his cock up with my ass and using his free hand to guide me downward until his cock slid between my ass cheeks and poked my tight, dark hole.
