 Rocky arrived at Ed's man cave at 7:30 p.m. on Saturday twenty-six December 2015 and knocked don the door. They were members of a nine-couple swinging group. One of the women, who had been The "Plaything" of the year in 2000, was a member, and Cathleen had invited the two of them to her home the day after Christmas for a late Christmas present.

"Come in Rocky and have a beer." Ed opened the refrigerator door and fetched two bottles of Heineken. 

"Thanks, I'm going to need it. I've never been in a threesome. We get to fuck a former "Plaything" of the Year in a threesome. Can you believe our luck?" He touched his bottle to Eds. 

"No, I never expected her to invite us to be her partners. How are we going to do this?" Rock asked. For me, it's an awkward situation." Ed finished the beer he'd started before Rocky arrived.

"It's difficult for me too. The only thing I know is what I've seen on the internet, movies, and tapes. I assume Cathleen has done this before, or she wouldn't have approached you." Rocky took a drag on his beer. 

"If it's like what we've seen, we'll get blow jobs, go down on her, and while one of us fucks her, the other fucks her mouth. I thought it was exciting seeing professionals doing it, but right now I'm more scared than excited." Ed opened a new Heineken.

Rocky emptied his bottle and went to get another.

By 8:00, they'd consumed three beers and were in a happy go lucky state. They called a cab, even though, the Rinehart's house was only six blocks away. 

The seasonal decorations flashed by as the taxi drove carefully through the snow covered streets.

Rocky paid the cabby, and both of them stumbled to the door. 

It had opened before they knocked. 

Cathleen stood at the entrance wearing a red and white bikini with small pieces of pine jutting from the top of her massive breasts. Her hair pulled back into a ponytail held together with alternating strips of red and white ribbon. Her face was heavily made up with bright red lipstick covering her full Angelina Jolie lips. 

The men stood stunned looking at her beautiful face and huge snowball tits. 

"Ed, Rocky, I'm so glad you could come," she laughed, "pun intended. Come in, I have anything you'd like to drink. Would you care for some before we begin?"

Beer please that's what we've been drinking," Ed removed his coat as did Rocky.

She turned and walked from them her ass swaying from side to side and up and down. Stopping at the door to the kitchen, she asked, "How do you like that walk?" She laughed and left the room.

Ed and Rocky waited patiently until she returned with a tray with two full frosted beer mugs. "Have either of you been in a threesome before?"

They didn't speak only shook their heads negatively.

"That's what I thought. Well, we're going to have lots of fun tonight. Both of you have great cocks, and I have a great pussy as you already know. Also, I have these," Cathleen held her large breasts high, "and I like to have them worshiped with hands and mouth. Drink up, I'm ready to go."

Ed and Rocky gulped down their fourth beers of the night.

Cathleen danced around the enormous carpeted room removing her red and white top allowing her heavy, shapely breasts to swing free. Her bottom came off as she took baby steps. Inch by inch they descended until the rounded cheeks of her ass bounced and swayed, and her freshly shaven puffy labia lips beckoned the two horny men. "Take off your shirts," she said short of breath, "I'll deal with your pants."

The guys fumbled with their shirts, but Cathleen had their zippers down and their cocks in her hands before they finished. "This is what I call two hands full," she laughed as she stroked them. 

As Rocky got out of his pants, she kissed Ed's dick and ran her tongue in circles around his crown until it was dripping wet with her saliva. Ed moaned, "Ohya," and tried to stick his sopping wet cock into her mouth, but she switched to Rocky's enlarged shaft. She licked the length of his cock, up and down, and finished by sucking on his bulbous head. 

"I'm assuming you can come at least twice. If not I have some Viagra."

"It's not a problem for me," said Rocky.

Ed said, "Depending on the time I may be able to get it up three times." 

"Good, follow me." She led them by their cocks to the bedroom where there was a king-sized bed covered with white sheets and a large number of pillows. She jumped into the center of the bed. "One cock here," she pointed to her mouth, "and one here, "she indicated her hairless snatch."Go until I tell you to stop."

Ed and Rocky looked at each other.

"I'll go down on her." Ed crawled between Cathleen's legs.

Rocky went to the head of the bed and lowered his shaft to her mouth.

Ed pushed her legs further apart and ran his tongue from her knee to her pussy, and repeated the process on the second leg. He had nuzzled her slit before, and he knew she liked to have both sides of her cunt licked.

"Come on Ed eat me out." She pushed his face to her twat.

Cathleen grabbed Rocky's cock, licked away the precum, kissed the tip, and with her tongue lathered his crown with saliva.

Rocky looked down at her nuzzling the end of his shaft, leaned forward grasped her tits, and strummed her nipples.

Ed felt her hand on his head pushing him into her. He licked her slit up and down, and pushed one then two fingers into her pussy and circled her clit with his tongue. Ramming his fingers in and out of her cunt caused her to tighten her muscles around his fingers. Ed enjoyed her smell and taste. His tongue made love with her clit by swirling around and over it with increased speed

Cathleen was aroused by sucking Rocky's dick, but Ed's fingers and mouth sent her to a peak of pleasure. The contractions within her exploded in a frenzy of joy, and she climaxed. She spit Rocky out of her mouth, grabbed Ed's head while flooding his mouth with her juices. "Oh, oh, oh, fuck me, fuck me, Ed fuck me."

Ed looked up at Rocky.

Rocky smiled and said, "Go ahead, I'll get my turn."

"Put a pillow under her hips, while I put on a condom."

"Hurry, I need a big cock in me." Cathleen lifted her hips for the sliding pillows.

Ed inched himself to her pussy, took her ankles decorated with silver ankle chains, spread her legs further apart, and slammed his throbbing cock into her wet and willing twat.

"Aaaugh," that's what I needed. Take your time and don't stop." She commanded looking into Ed's smiling face.

He held her hips and stroked the former Plaything at a regular pace. 

Cathleen held her breasts to Rocky.

"Play with my boobs and suck my nipples hard." 

Ed varied his pace from slow and easy too fast and hard while Rocky suckled on one nipple and fondled the other.

"Oh, you're talented keep going." She responded to Ed's thrusts, and Rocky's massaging and sucking.

Disappointed because he couldn't see her face or breasts, Ed rolled his ass in one direction and then the other as he stroked her. The friction between his hard cock and her wet, soft cunt was thrilling.

Meanwhile, Rocky's tongue was busy rubbing her teats in circles, back and forth, and from side to side.

Cathleen breathing came faster; she perspired, and her heart rate increased. Ed's thrusts became more powerful. Their movements were in sync. 

"Oh, I'm getting close. Rocky let Ed play and suck on my nipples but keep fucking my mouth," she said breathlessly. Rocky pushed his raging hard on into her mouth and moved in and out as fast as he could. Ed leaned forward and grabbed her breasts while continuing to plunge in and out of her.

Ed fucked her pussy while Rocky fucked her face.

All three of Cathleen's major sex organs were being excited at the same time. Finally, she was overcome by the thrills surging through her body. The contractions at her core reached a peak. She spit Rocky's staff from her mouth. Her body went rigid, before exploding in a frenzied climax, She screamed, "I'm coming, I'm coming, yes, yes, yes, fuck me, fuck me, Aaaugh!"

Her scream motivated Ed to thrust into her like a jackhammer. 

She continued to moan in pleasure, "Oh, oh, oh!" 

Ed held on to her flaying body and didn't stop pounding into her tunnel, but he was close to his peak of arousal and followed her orgasm with his own. He spurted gobs and gobs of spunk into the condom. "Fuck, fuck, fuck, you've got a great pussy," Ed yelled.

"Damn, that's oood, oooh!" Cathleen cried.

* * *

Rocky was ready as soon as Ed rolled off of her. He pulled her ass to the edge of the bed. He lifted her legs, spread them wide, and while standing on the floor plunged into her in one hard thrust.

"Oh God, what a wonderful surprise," she moaned.

He wasted no time. He stroked her fast and hard. 

With each forward thrust, she grunted, "Oh!"

Ed tore off his condom, climbed on the bed, and pushed his cock into her mouth. He fell

forward with his hands beside her chest and sucked a nipple between his lips

Cathleen eagerly sucked Ed's long wet cock as deep into her mouth as possible and spread her legs so Rocky could go deeper.

Rocky couldn't keep up his rapid pace, so he slowed. At the same time, he lifted her legs until her feet touched each other. "Like, ya know that makes your pussy tighter, and it feels better."

She could only hum because Ed was fucking her mouth and feasting on her tits. 

Rocky twisted from side to side as he stroked her. This added to his pleasure and moved him closer to his point of no return.

Cathleen pulled Ed's dick out of her mouth while Rocky pounded her. "I can't breathe."

Ed straddled her stomach and slipped his hand into her snatch to find her clit. He rubbed circles around and over her honey button with his social finger 

Rocky pushed her legs higher until Ed was able to hold them upright with one hand. Free from holding her legs, Rocky concentrated on smashing his long hard dick into her tightened slit. 

"Oh my God, here I come, I'm coming, she screamed."Aaaugh!"

Once, twice, three times he slammed into her and exploded with uncontrolled movements. He groaned as he filled the latex sheath with his jizzum, "God damn you've got a great pussy."

"Yes, yes, that's just what I wanted," she cried.

When Rocky's spasms stopped, he pulled out of her smiling broadly. "Ed, you and I make a pretty good team, especially when we have this quality. Let's carry her into the bathroom and take a shower."

"Thank you, for those wonderful orgasms. I love the shower idea." 

* * *

Ed and Rocky, one on each side lifted and carried Cathleen into a large shower in the bathroom. 

"Let me adjust the water, the fixture's a little tricky." She turned the water on until it reached a hot but comfortable temperature. "Okay, who's going to wash me first?"

Ed laughed, "I think both of us are up to the job."

"I agree I don't want to miss out." Rocky placed body lotion on his hands and lathered her breasts. He lifted them, ran his hands in circles, and caressed her teats, before dropping to his knees to mop her stomach, her pussy, and down her legs.

Ed washed her back with long vertical and horizontal strokes and then in large circles. When Rocky dropped to his knees, Ed cupped her buttocks and ran his finger up and

down her crack."

"That tickles."

"It's supposed too." He reached under her rubbing her mound before he washed her inner thighs and the remainder of her legs.

"You guys are going to have my skin and boobs rubbed raw if you don't stop. I'm going to the Jacuzzi while you finish washing."

She sat in the foam-covered bubbling water with melon-like breasts floating invitingly.

"Come and join me, one on each side."

Ed and Rocky inched themselves into the almost scalding hot water until they sat beside her.

"How'd you like your first threesome?" She asked looking from one to the other.

"I thought it was great. I didn't mind Ed going first because you gave me a great blowjob and sucking on your nipples was a dream come true."

"I agree with Rocky. I didn't know what to expect, but I think it worked out to everyone's satisfaction. It certainly did mine."

They sat quietly enjoying the bubbling hot water and its relaxing and refreshing effect.

After a few minutes, she grabbed both dicks. "Let's kiss, and you play with my boobs." She kissed Ed gently and then Rocky while playing with their flaccid cocks.

The next kisses were passionate French kisses with tongues on fire. Each of them fondled a breast.

"I see you guys are excited again even in this hot water. Let's dry off and go back to the bedroom." She got out of the water and handed them towels. "Dry me first, please." She giggled as they competed for drying her breasts and pussy. "That's enough dry off and meet me in the bedroom."

Ed and Rocky dried and hurried to the bedroom.

Cathleen lay in the center of the bed applying KY Jelly to her pussy, and beside her were scented massage oils and vibrating dildos. "Gentleman, I'm yours."

They grabbed the ointments; they smelled of mint. They turned her over and applied the scented lotion to her face, chest, breasts, stomach, and legs and feet. Cathleen was covered lavishly with each of the men oiling her back one on her lower parts and the other on the upper. Then they switched ends. 

"You guys are super. You both could become masseuses. Now let me see how imaginative you are with my favorite dildos."

Ed, the faster of the two, had one in his hand, turned in on and ran it up and down her slit touching her clit in each direction. 

"Not so rough Ed," She grabbed his hand.

Rocky used the other instrument to massage the rest of her body. 

"Oh, that's nice. Keep it up." She wiggled from the pleasure applied to her love button and teats. It doesn't take long before she lifted her hips and moaned softly, "Yes, oh yes that feels amazing." 

She had them turn her onto her stomach. She rose on hands and knees and said, "Ed sit down facing me. I'm going to suck your cock again, and Rocky shove that big cock of yours into me." 

They moved into their positions. Ed was grinning from ear to ear as Cathleen worshiped his cock with mouth and tongue. Rocky found a condom and rolled it down his erection. He got behind her slipping his dick into her well-lubricated canal. 

Ed writhed from her onslaught of his staff, and Rocky held her hips and stroked her with enthusiasm. 

"Oh God, I didn't expect this so soon. I'm coming, I'm coming, aaaugh," she hollered wiggling her hips in circles around Rocky's pulsating cock. 

"It's your turn, Ed. Put on a condom." Rocky removed his rubber and wiped himself clean. 

Ed's cock was as hard as steel from Cathleen's sucking and took his time putting on a rubber because he didn't want to come too soon. He picked her up and fell to the bed on his back. "Ride me, Cathleen, ride me."

She grabbed his shoulders and slammed herself up and down his shaft. 

Rocky looked at her beautiful heart-shaped ass with fluids dripping from her pussy. He rubbed his hands over her cheeks, up and down her crack, and spread them apart. 

As she moved up and down on Ed; Rocky fingered her asshole.

"What are you doing?"

"Ed hold on her as hard as you can." He covered her crack with some ointment and inserted his little finger into her bung hole.

"Rocky, what the hell are you doing?" She struggled to get away from Ed.

"I'm going to fuck your beautiful ass. I've seen it done on videos and movies but never had the opportunity." He placed the first knuckle of his forefinger into her ass and twisted.

"Ouch, why didn't you tell me you wanted to do that?"

"I didn't think about it until I saw your cheeks spread like that."

"Okay, go ahead but be careful, I haven't had anal in a while." She stopped trying to free herself. 

Rocky added more oil and pushed his finger deeper into her asshole.

"Oh, go slow Rocky."

"Keep fucking her Ed," Rocky said crawling between his legs and placed his condom-

covered cock at her entrance. He pushed the tip of his dick into her.

"That hurts, take your time. I'm relaxing as much as possible."

Rocky slowly pushed his shaft into her.

"Oh, oh, go slow," she moaned.

He pushed until his crown pushed through her sphincter.

"Oh yes, that's it, Rocky. Take your time pushing deeper."

"Fuck her harder Ed, until I get all the way in." Rocky pushed deeper and deeper.

"Oh, oh, that's it, Rocky. Stop and let me get used to your cock in my ass and Ed in my cunt."

The men waited a while.

"Okay, now both of you move slowly." 

They fucked her.

"Faster, faster, I want you to come as close together as possible."

Rocky and Ed moved as fast as they could in the awkward position.

"Oh God, it feels so good, and I'm about to come." Minutes later Cathleen went stiff and cried out, "Oh fuck I'm coming, "Aaaugh."

The men came shortly after.

* * *

Within thirty minutes of foreplay, the positions were reversed. Rocky, on his back, had his staff in her cunt, and Ed was buried deep in her ass.

The three of them moved gently. The men thrust in and out of her holes. Cathleen was filled with two hard cocks. Again, they climaxed close to each other. They lay spent until the men's shafts slipped from her.

"That was great," said Rocky.

"I agree," said Ed, "I never thought I'd ever have a chance to do that."

"You guys were great. Rocky, you surprised me with the idea of doing

anal and double penetration. Even though I was surprised, I had an exciting time. We'll have to do this again soon."

Both Ed and Rocky liked her idea.

Ed said, "The three of us can look at our schedules and arrange a time."

"That's okay with me," Cathleen said." I'm in bad need of another shower."

The three of them showered, the men dressed, and Cathleen went to a spare bedroom to sleep.

They each kissed her and left the room. As the stepped from the house, a car pulled into the driveway. 

It was Darien, Cathleen's husband, a black man who'd played football for Ohio State and the Cleveland Browns. "Did you guys leave any for me?" 

"She might be a little tired, but I think there's still plenty for you."

"I'll see you sometime next week," Darien said. He didn't mention that he'd spent the evening with Ed's voluptuous red-headed wife.

Ed and Rocky walked home oblivious to the cold and snow. They talked about one of the most arousing sexual experiences of their lives.

The end.