 note: This is a Group Sex stroke story. Any readable elements should be credited to DreamPilot, Vella Ms, and Hugo Sam. All the other stuff is my fault.

==

The thick column of hard flesh maintained a steady rhythm of lust and need as it surged past the stretched opening to her body. The slick, unyielding cock jammed its engorged head ever deeper into her churning pussy. With each demanding stroke, Cindy Forester shivered with pleasure and growing passion. 

She had no idea how long Ray had been kneeling between her outstretched legs hammering his flesh into her body. Maybe it had been minutes, maybe hours. It didn't matter.

This wasn't the first time they had made love today. Of that, she was certain. And while she was sure they had done it before, she couldn't remember if this was the second or third, or maybe even the fourth time. That didn't matter, either. 

With her mind in an ever thickening fog of passion, she was certain of nothing except her husband's unending assault was rekindling her passion.

Ray stopped. She opened her eyes and watched him raise her legs and position them on his broad shoulders. It was a short pause. Cindy closed her eyes and sighed as he began again, this time using smooth, deep, almost gentle strokes while squeezing and caressing her breasts.

The insatiable prick stoked her growing passion into a raging inferno of hot, burning sexual need. There was a gasp, and Cindy jerked under the impact of an incredible orgasm. With a growl of possession and release, Ray made one last deep thrust into her churning pussy, then stiffened as another load was wrenched from his aching nuts.

They lay locked together in the classic lover's knot while slowly re-entering the everyday world. Cindy looked up at her exhausted husband. "That was fantastic, Mr. Forester. I love this way of getting ready for the reunion, for our Xmas Xcess."

#

Cindy's old college gang hadn't been together since Sue's wedding. She'd been the last of the "Odd Squad" to get married. At the time, there was talk about having regular reunions. But for one reason or another, a year passed and nothing happened.

Cindy decided to change that.

One evening after making love, she and Ray began talking about when she was in college and they were dating. It brought to mind the good times she and her friends had back then, and made her want to see them again.

After two years of college, the high school sweetheart she'd been dating for years was still the only man in her life. That summer she met Ray, and things changed, big time. With his encouragement, Jessie became her third lover. He was Ray's friend, a fellow vet, and black with a taut, compact body, a teasing, don't-give-a-shit attitude, and a dick Cindy found fascinating. The shaft was long, slender, and topped by a huge, purplish head. That made it a challenge to suck but a joy to feel reaming out her pussy.

Ray was out of town the time she and Sue met Tony and his three friends at a college bar. Sue had just caught her boyfriend making love with another guy. Now she wanted to get drunk and laid. By then Cindy felt a certain commitment to Ray, but was along to look out for her friend.

On that unforgettable night, Cindy managed to fondle and suck the mammoth cock of Sue's future husband while she was busy screwing his three friends. When she wore the other men out, Tony took their place. His long, thick pole vanished into Sue with one long, powerful thrust. Cindy remembered feeling both awe and envy. 

With Ray by her side, she would later be well-serviced by tall, lanky redheaded Bill. It happened several times while he and Robin, her short, buxom, blue-eyed blonde friend, were dating. It had all been great. But Cindy would graduate and marry Ray still wondering what it would feel like to have Tony's massive member stretching her to the max. 

As Cindy and Ray continued to reminisce, it occurred to her that a get-together during the holidays would be the perfect Christmas present for them both. He'd love the variety. So would she. But most of all, she hoped they'd be even closer when it was all over. 

When she mentioned the idea, Ray was quick to agree. He also missed their old girl friends. And if it included some more action with them, so much the better. "I suppose getting Tony's mythical tool would be the perfect birthday present for you, right?" 

Cindy's birthday was a few days after Christmas. She grinned and nodded. 

"Well get on the phone, woman, and start calling."

Everyone seemed to think it was a great idea. There was, however, one very delicate issue to be resolved. 

Sex. 

Specifically, sex with each other's husbands. Everyone remembered how, back in their single days, there had been more than a little sharing of partners. The only one who hadn't gotten any extra nookie was Sue's husband Tony, although Cindy had managed to give him that jaw-stretching blowjob.

The four friends cautiously felt each other out about sex. Cindy was determined to push the idea hard. She and Ray were committed to fidelity, not monogamy, and the idea of an open group swing excited her. 

The thought of making it with four partners was a turn on for both. Ray fantasized about Sue's exotic, Italian good looks and magnificent ass, Ann's small, athletic body, and Robin's cuddly figure and huge jugs. As for Cindy, the prospect of taking on Jessie and Bill once again, and getting to experience Tony's prodigious prick, made her pussy churn.

Ann and Robin both had some initial misgivings when Cindy suggested it might be fun to share partners. "I'm not sure about all that," said Robin. "It's one thing to fool around before getting married, but this time we'd be sharing husbands, not boyfriends."

After some coaxing, including a references to the size of Tony's tool, Ann and Robin agreed to talk it over with their husbands. They called back the next day. As Cindy expected, the men were all for a reunion, and the sooner, the better.

It proved harder to persuade Sue. While the Odd Squad's free-love party-girl claimed to have no personal reservations, she was worried how her conservative, Italian husband would react to the suggestion.

Cindy reminded her about the night they first met Tony and how he hadn't been very conservative in his van, screwing Sue's brains out in front of three other guys who'd already had a turn with her. Sue admitted that was a valid point and promised to see how he felt. Later that day, she called back, giggling. Tony had gotten so turned-on, he stopped watching a football game, pulled her down onto the couch and once again nearly fucked her brains out. Cindy laughed and said the rest of the group expected her to keep that potent pecker in top condition.

#

The day after Christmas, the couples meet at a picturesque lodge hidden away at the end of a lonely mountain road. It looked rustic but had a plush interior that included a full kitchen, four bedrooms, a large, paneled living room/den with a stone fireplace, and a picture window that overlooked a rugged valley. The setting was beautiful, and private.

Tony had gotten the place, complete with food, booze, and a big decorated fir Christmas tree, all free. "No big deal. This guy kind of owed me a favor," he explained, with a casual shrug. No one asked for details.

It didn't take long for everyone to unpack and gather in the living room. After admiring the Christmas tree and scenic mountain view from the picture window, the college friends sat and began talking about then and now. Meanwhile, the men got the fireplace going and headed for the kitchen to make drinks.

Ann took it upon herself to interrupt the self-conscious chatter. "Okay, enough bullshit. We all know we're here for more than just talking about old times and how bad our husband's snore. Does anyone have an idea how to get things started?"

There were nervous smiles, covert glances, and silence until Cindy spoke. "Ray and I talked about something. But first, has anyone had a change of heart? If you want to back out, now's your last chance." 

Sue laughed. "Are you kidding? If I backed out now, Tony would have a stroke." Ann and Robin said their mates were just as excited and admitted they were also ready.

"Okay, then here's my idea," said Cindy. The plan was simple. Each wife would take a turn enjoying the unrestricted services of the other three husbands for an entire day, while her own spouse would be doing as he wished with the remaining three wives. "We'll just rotate around until everyone has had a chance to have the services of three guys at once." The four friends smiled.

"Anything goes?" asked Ann.

They looked at each other. "If we're going to do this thing," said Sue, "we might as well do it right." 

"Sue's right," said Robin. "Otherwise, we'll spend half our time coming up with a lot of bullshit rules."

Ann grinned. "Okay, but I'll warn you guys, Jessie can come up with some pretty weird shit."

"And you haven't?" said Sue, triggering a round of laugher.

Out in the kitchen, Ray briefed Jessie, Bill and Tony about the plan. "Unless someone gets cold feet, odds are that's how it'll go down." No one questioned their wives making love with three other men; they were all too excited.

When the men returned with the drinks, they learned the plan was approved and ready to go operational. A deck of cards appeared and the women cut to determine the order. Much to her delight, Cindy got the high card. It was late-afternoon, so she wouldn't have all day with the men. Her compensation was getting to go first when they were fresh. 

Tomorrow would be Robin and Bill's turn, followed by Sue and Tony, then Ann and Jessie. For now, the three women would serve as Ray's harem while Cindy took on their husbands. 

An embarrassed silence fell over the group. Nobody was sure what to do next. It ended with Ray getting up, walking over to Cindy, and pulling her up to him. "You're way overdressed." 

Cindy's stomach was churning and her knees were weak with excitement. Somehow, she managed to smile and give Ray a long kiss. When he stepped back, she began unbuttoning her silk blouse. When it slid off her shoulders, she gave it to Jessie, along with a smile. 

She'd worn no bra and now stood before her husband and six other people naked from the waist up. The blouse slipped from Jessie's fingers. Along with everyone else, he stared at her high boobs and erect nipples, then applauded. 

Cindy made a mock curtsey, then kicked off her shoes, unsnapped her jeans and inched them down over what she considered her too full hips until they slid to the floor. Moments later, her bikini panties joined them in a pile at her feet. A little perfume, her wedding and engagement rings, plus a nervous smile were all she now wore. Everyone cheered and clapped and tried to act non-nonchalant. Most failed. Although Cindy might find it hard to believe, their reaction was understandable. With her long dark hair, big brown eyes, creamy skin, impossibly long leg, and a body that seemed custom made for serious loving, she was a very sexy package. 

Cindy could feel her cheeks flush as her friends struggled to act natural while their husbands tried not to stare. When Ray first suggested this striptease as a way to break the ice, it seemed like a neat idea. Now it was over and she felt awkward. 

To her surprise, Ann strode over and shook a finger in Cindy's face. In her best "church lady" voice, she hissed, "You should be ashamed of yourself, you brazen hussy! Just look at you, standing here buck-ass naked in front of all these folks like some old common slut. And that's just plain deceitful. 'Cause judging from the way these bug-eyed dudes are gawking, nothing's common about you."

The room filled with the sound of relieved laughter. Cindy tried not to giggle.

Ann, who was struggling to keep a straight face, pointed toward an open door. "Now you can just haul that bare white ass of yours out of here and into that bedroom. I see at least three guys who look ready to take on the thankless chore of giving it just what it deserves."

"Oh, I do hope so," said Cindy, batting her eyelashes. Thanks to Ann's comedy routine, her anxiety was gone. She gave her grinning friend a quick hug.

The open lust on the faces of Jessie, Bill and Tony, reminded Cindy she was about to take on all of them, including Tony and his much longed for super shaft. The realization made her skin tingle and her legs grow weak as a wave of excitement swept over her.

Taking a deep breath to settle her jangling nerves, Cindy picked up her drink. With a last wink at Ray, she turned and began a slow stroll toward the bedroom door. After staring speechless at her undulating ass for a moment, Jessie, Bill and Tony looked at each other's grinning faces, then hurried after her into the bedroom.

What followed was even better than Cindy had imagined in her wildest dreams. She thought about Ray, and wondered he was doing as well with her three friends. But all she really cared about was that three guys were hard at work giving her more loving than she ever believed possible.

Cindy's personal orgy began with her spread eagled on her back, taking on each man one at a time in an old-fashioned missionary style fuck feast. When they had first gotten into the room, the men started a good-natured debate about how to decide who would be first in the saddle. Cindy settled that issue by motioning for Jessie. Bill would be next. "Tony, I'm saving you for last," she said, giving him a big smile. 

It felt great when Jessie's big cock head reamed out her tingling pussy. It felt wonderful when Bill's thick shaft filled up her stretched pussy. Then it was time to feel Tony's monster meat fill up her pussy.

After all Cindy's fantasies about Tony's tool, it was an effort not to yell at him to hurry as he carefully positioned himself between her outstretched legs. Her cunt still tingled from Jessie and Bill. A double load of cum oozed from her snatch and trickled down between the cheeks of her ass. She didn't notice. 

Tony was about to stuff his incredible cock into her pussy. Nothing else mattered. 

Its impressive bulk bobbed in front of her. She took the enormous head in her hand and guided it toward her steaming snatch. Tony didn't seem to mind her guidance, and Cindy savored the feel of her fingers clutching the giant sex organ. 

As the bulging cock head moved inside the slippery opening of her semen soaked snatch, Cindy ran her fingers up the immense length of the hard, thick shaft. The realization she was about to have every incredible inch inside her waiting cunt made her shudder with lust and anticipation.

Slowly, almost cautiously, Tony began to slide his monster meat into Cindy's boiling pussy. The feel of it pushing aside the walls of her vagina and burrowing into her body was fantastic. There was a brief burning sensation when the thickest part of Tony's shaft surged past her stretched pussy lips. Cindy gasped, but she knew she wanted more.

Tony hesitated. "You okay? Should I stop?"

"Don't you dare stop," panted Cindy, as she twisted under his weight, trying to find a perfect position to accept more of that thick Italian salami. 

"I mean it, Tony. Don't you dare stop until you're in all the way. I'll be all right, I promise."

Thus reassured, Tony went back to pushing deeper into her convulsing cunt. Once again Cindy groaned in agony and ecstasy as the giant cock-head sank toward the inner most reaches of her body. 

Once again Tony paused and withdrew a few inches. The pressure eased inside her body. Cindy reached between them and felt her pussy lips. They seemed stretched to the breaking point around Tony's thick shaft. 

It occurred to her that if a full term baby could come out of that opening, it was logical that Tony's cock should be able to go in. But she already felt incredibly stuffed and stretched. Could she ever accommodate the entire width and length of that awesome prick?

For just a moment, she considered asking Tony to ease off. Then she moved her fingers up the shaft and discovered most of it was already inside her cunt. With a renewed determination to take it all, she took a couple deep breaths and tried to relax her body. 

"Okay, Tony, I want it all. Now."

Tony nodded and withdrew his hammer a little more. Cindy tried to get ready for his final assault. There was a quick stab of pain followed by a sense of exhilaration as the huge cock-head reached the deepest reaches of her pussy, and then stopped.

At first, Tony remained motionless, allowing them both to enjoy the sensation of his monster meat buried up to the hilt in Cindy's hot, quivering pussy. Then he began a slow pumping motion, sending shivers of erotic excitement racing through Cindy. The enormous cock seemed to own her, setting the pace as it surged in and out of her stretched snatch, quickly bringing her to a shattering climax. 

As Cindy's hot pussy juices splashed over Tony's nuts, he grunted, then made one last powerful lunge and released a giant load cum into her writing body.

It took a few minutes for Cindy to regain her composure following the triple-header. But after finishing a much needed glass of wine, she pulled Jessie to her and began the task of sucking and licking each man's cock until all three were fully erect and ready for a second round. 

This time she was determined to take on all three at the same time. She straddled Tony's waist and then slid down his pole, burying it inside her straining snatch. It wasn't easy, but eventually she was able to accept Jessie's bulbous cock head into her tight ass hole. Then she pulled Bill to her and popped his smooth, tapered cock head into her mouth.

Tony and Jessie developed a rhythm and were soon pounding away with hard, deep alternating strokes. The sensation was unbelievable. Climax after climax racked Cindy as the huge pricks hammered in and out of her shaking, sweating, out-of-control body. All she could do was wrap her arms around Bill's hips and hang on to him for support while continuing to suck on his engorged cock with an almost frantic urgency.

Cindy couldn't remember when Tony and Jessie came. At one point, she moaned in pain as Tony made a mighty thrust up into her pulsating pussy. Then another orgasm began whipping her from head to toe.

A few moments later, there was a quick stab of pain as Jessie drove forward, pounding the full length of his hammer into her burning ass, not stopping until his hips had slammed against her soft, round bottom and his giant cock head was buried deep inside her bowels. That shock triggered another climax that shook Cindy to the very core of her existence. 

Although overwhelmed with passion, Cindy hung on to Bill for support and continued to suck more and more of his throbbing cock deeper and deeper into her ravenous mouth.

Cindy's mind was a haze of lust and passion. She was aware of nothing besides the burning pokers buried deep inside her boiling pussy and ass plus the big boner in her mouth. 

Then Bill's body stiffened. Before she could react, he lunged forward, driving the entire length of his shaft into her mouth, pushing the cock-head into her throat. Cindy started to gag and instinctively pulled back. A torrent of hot, thick cum gushed out of Bill's cock head and flooded her mouth.

An ocean of cum flooded her mouth, poured out over her lips, flowed down her chin. She grabbed the base of Bill's cock and squeezed hard. The gusher slowed to a trickle. After catching her breath, she managed to swallow most of the cum still in her mouth. 

Having regained control, she released the pressure on Bill's shaft. Another load of cum burst into her mouth. This time she was able to handle the onslaught, drinking down his remaining supply while gently pumping the shaft and kneading his nuts, trying to milk out every drop of his thick, salty semen.
