 After I graduated college I went to the city to live with my aunt while looking for work and a place of my own.. She lived in a second story apartment over a flower shop. After a few weeks, petting cats and watching infomercials got to me and I decided to go check out this club a few blocks down the street. Dressed in a mini skirt and spaghetti strap top I walked down the sidewalk toward the club. Once there a huge muscle bound bouncer stood in front of the door.

"Three guesses." He said. 

"What." I asked. 

"The cover charge is ten dollars." He began to explain. "Give me three guesses and if I can guess the color of you panties you pay full price. If not, you only pay half."

"Ok." I replied agreeing to his little game. White was his first guess. "Nope." I said.

"How about pink?" He guessed again.

"Still wrong."

"Ok then black." I lifted my skirt showing that I wasn't wearing any at all. He laughed.

"In that case, you get in for free."

I entered the club which was surprisingly dead of business. There was a couple making out in the back corner, a guy passed out at the bar, and maybe three or four people on the dance floor. I went to the bar and order a drink from the scantily clad, female bar tender. Maybe I'm just a little early I thought. But as time passed there was no significant change. After finishing my fourth drink I was starting to get a little drunk. But with the lack of excitement I was also getting bored. I was just about to call it a night when the bar tender approached me.

"If your looking for a party, you not going to find it up here." she said. "The real party is downstairs and its VIP or invitation only."

"Well I'm neither." I said with a disappointed sigh. And stood up to leave.

"Hold on a minute." She said. She whistled to get the doorman's attention then pointed at me while mouthing words to him. He gave two thumbs up and a big smile. The bar tender stamped my hand with three X's and led me to a door which opened to a down ward spiraling staircase. Below I could hear the thump of loud techno music. I descended the stairs and entered double doors into large dance hall. There were strobe lights and black lights and lasers. All around me there was a equal amount of male and female dancers. Most of them were naked with fluorescent paint smeared all over their bodies. The sides of the room were lined with couches, chairs, and cushions on which people were having sex. Some were single couples and others were groups ranging anywhere from three to a countless number of people.

A naked red head came over and began dancing with me. She took my hand and led into the crowd. I began to get into the music as the ocean of flesh enclosed tight around me. Someone from behind raised my shirt and took it off. It went flying over the top of the crowd. The red head started to caress my breasts while a guy reached around from behind her and grabbed hers. The person behind me slowly slid my skirt down my legs. And I saw it go flying over the crowd as well. Hands from all directions rubbed my now naked body. I raised my arms and danced breasts to breasts with the red head who kissed me. I sucked her tongue into my mouth. Something slide up between my legs from behind me. I couldn't tell what it was or if it was from a girl or guy. Nor did I care at this point. All I knew was that it felt good rubbing against my pussy. 

The red head licked down my neck and sucked one of nipples while the guy behind her played with the other one. She continued lower kissing my stomach. My heart was pounding almost in rhythm with the music. I felt a tongue on the back of my neck. I could now tell it was a guy because I felt his mustache. His arms wrapped around me and his hands kneaded my tits. The girl kept going lower and then I felt her wet tongue on my clit. I reached around behind me and started stroking the guys cock which was cover in my juice from when he was rubbing it between my legs. The girl was now on her knees, her tongue working vigorously at my cunt. The guy who was behind her was going back and forth sucking my tits. She stood up and took him and me both by the hand and began leading us out of the crowd. I quickly grabbed the hand of the guy who was behind me. We all went a back corner where there was a king size mattress on the floor. A few other people were already on the bed but there was still room for us. I laid down first and the red head straddled my head. 

The corner was already very dark but with her sitting on my face I couldn't see anything. I pushed my face up to lick her pussy and I could feel someone doing the same to me. I knew who it was from the mustache tickling my clit as his tongue dug into my juicy hole. After a moment the licking between my legs stopped. I was about to get disappointed when I felt something sliding between my pussy lips. It kept going deep inside me until my pussy was filled to capacity. He started thrusting it in and out of me like a piston. I felt mouths and hands all over my legs. Someone was sucking my toes. I hadn't even realized my shoes had been removed until then. The red head got up and her pussy was soon replaced by a cock that was in my hand. She was now bent over being banged from behind. Ooh that looks fun I thought. I wiggled around and managed to turn over on my hands and knees. 

The two guys switched places and I was sucking my own pussy juice from one dick and the other was being pushed into my tight little asshole. Someone scooted underneath me and was sucking my tits. I felt a warm stream shoot into my mouth as the guy behind was pounding my ass harder and harder. After a minute he pulled out and turned me over on my back where he shot his load all over my stomach. Some other guys followed as several streams of jizz splattered all over my tits, face stomach and legs, and girls crawled up to lick it off of me. The group I was with got up and re-joined the crowd on the dance floor. Before I could get up another swollen cock was sliding inside me and another girl was sitting on my face. It went on like this for the rest of the night. I was dancing and fucking until the early morning.