 That's what we always called it in my family anyway. The "X" factor.

I have no idea why but my dad said that many times, it meant we did something we knew were weren't supposed to do but did it anyway.

"X factor" was the consequence, there always was one and sometimes we didn't like it.

Like the time my mom made doughnuts, she always made them when it snowed the first time. I was about 10 and I knew I wasn't supposed to touch them until after dinner, mom always set them out to let the sugary glaze set up.

But I liked them hot and still soft and gooey, so I sneaked one off the plate and ate it. I figured she wouldn't notice just one. She caught me just as I was biting into the 7th or 8th one.

That was one of our "X" factor moments. I got a belt on my rear, not for swiping the doughnuts but for lying about doing it, not likely to be successful with the evidence on my mouth.

I had quite a few of those X factor moments growing up.

Even after I met my Patty, the term continued. By then I was 23, done with school and we lived together without benefit of marriage. My dad had mentioned that if we were going to be together then we should get married.

"That might keep you from running into the X factor," he told me. I remember thinking that I could see no way that could happen, and told him so.

Dad just shook his head. My dad was from the old school, I doubt he ever even looked at any woman other than mom and thought about sex.

Well, I thought that anyway.

Patty was a redhead, one of those with the long flowing hair every color possible, round wire frame glasses and freckles everywhere. She had what today is called "booty", a round fanny that I absolutely loved and she hated. Add in a set of breasts that were ski slope shaped with round bulges on the tips for nipples, and she was unique. I could spend hours just looking at her and touching her.

She was at the library of all places, that was where we met. I spotted her clear across the room, she was standing on tiptoe trying to reach a book on an upper shelf. The sizzler type outfit popular at the time made her legs look impossibly long, the tiny short outer skirt rode up to reveal the matching bottoms. A criss cross top that left her belly bare completed the vision, I forgot all about my studies.

I got up to go give her a hand, my six foot frame made it easy to reach the shelf.

"Oh, thank you!" she said as I handed her the book. Her eyes met mine with a flash of green and I was lost in there.

"You are welcome." I managed, and I went back to my desk to read. I looked up and she was sitting a few tables away, she was looking back at me. The room seemed to light up with her smile. I smiled shyly and looked away but my eyes kept going right back to her.

Later I went outside for a smoke, I was standing there lost in thought when I heard her voice.

"Those things will kill you!" she said.

"I know, I think I will quit." I answered, stubbing the cigarette out, turning to look at her.

"Hey, want to go get some coffee?" she asked.

"Uhh..sure!" I answered. That was easy, I had been running all of the possible lines through my head to see if I could get a date with her and she just beat me to it.

We talked about school, politics, everything under the sun and more. Then she asked me if I was seeing anyone.

"No, I have about 50 cents left over each week so I can't afford to date." I told her.

"Same here, I get a couple of hundred each month from mom and dad but the rest I have to come up with someplace."

"What do you do?" I asked her.

"I work part time at the bakery, then I serve drinks down at the Dew Drop." I knew of the Dew Drop, every city on earth seemed to have a tavern or nightclub named that. It was right on my way from class to my apartment, but I had never been in there.

"I work down at the Towne Pump selling gas 3 nights each week, I am looking for something extra."

"They need a bartender, why not try that?"

"I have never mixed drinks."

"It's easy, everybody that comes in there drinks beer, or maybe wine."

That is how I became a bartender, a bit of help from Patty and I was hired on the spot. She was right, it was easy, except for the rare case of breaking up a fight now and then. But I was a strapping six feet tall and looked a bit imposing so usually I just got in the way and anyone unruly gave up.

One would think that since Patty and I hit it off pretty good, that we would end up being an item. But that really didn't happen, she had two shifts working with me and I saw her several times with other guys in the club so for several months we just chatted from time to time.

Part of that was just finances, even with the extra job I was still always short of money, the tips helped a little but they weren't great. College town and all of that, none of us had any money.

The other part was she seemed to always be with some guy, seldom the same one though. I really couldn't compete on the dating scene though. The extra money from working nights was nice but just enough to pay some of the bills I was behind on.

Then one night there was an argument at her table, I didn't hear what caused it but I sure saw the result. One of the chairs went over backwards as the guy she was with stood up and grabbed her. He looked angry and was yelling loud enough that I could her his voice over the music, but couldn't make out the words.

Then he reached out and grabbed her hair, jerking her forward. I was there in seconds, I reached across and grabbed his wrist. He turned to me and tried to swing but I had a solid grip and just bore down. There was a few struggles and some profanity but he let go of Patty.

I turned my hand and rolled his wrist back behind him, lifted my knee against the back of his knees to keep him off balance and hustled him out the door.

He turned to me as I let go.

"I am going to whip your ass motherffucker!" He yelled.

"Don't let fear hold you back." I told him. I didn't really want to hit him but if he tried I was going to drop him.

I saw it in his eyes as he gave up. Even a bit drunk he didn't like the looks of me.

"Come on back when you sober up, sir, and don't you ever put your hands on any woman in my club again!" I told him.

He actually turned a little sheepish, nodded and walked away.

I went back inside, asked Patty if she was all right.

"I am fine, thank you. He just wants to be with me and I don't want to."

"I understand." I went back to work. She was waiting as I closed up the bar, she even helped me put all the chairs upside down on the tables.

"Let's go get some coffee." She asked.

We went down the street to the local all nighter, sat for a couple of hours chatting. Finally it was time to go, I mentioned that I needed to get some sleep.

"Would you like to come home with me?" She asked, a smile crossed her lips.

"Yes, I would like that very much."

I remember that first night, we got to her tiny apartment. There was a large fish tank in the corner, one of the fish had expired. 

"Oh, darn!" she exclaimed. Then she shrugged her top off her shoulders and lifted the lid, reaching in to retrieve the little fish. There was nothing underneath, her bare breasts were soft and capped with those round puffy nipples. They looked like little bulbs on the tip of each breast, almost completely covered with freckles.

I was a little bit surprised at the sudden nudity, she just acted like it was nothing.

She wrapped the poor fish in a plastic bag, washed her arms and hands in the sink. Then she turned to me with a smile, drying herself with a towel.

"Well?"

I didn't need any further encouragement.

We worked slowly on each other's clothing, kissing to the soft sounds of a Cat Stevens song in the background. "Miles from Nowhere" drifted across the room, something about that song is perfect to make love to.

There was a pile of cushions and blankets that served as a bed, we lay side by side as I slipped her panties down her hips, finding the mass of soft red hairs between her legs. My instinct made me press my lips to her, something I had never done before but it seemed right. Her head tipped back in pleasure as I slowly drew my tongue up and over her, she tasted sweet with a trace of musk. Her hand gripped my erection the whole time, not moving, she just held me. I felt what I guessed was an orgasm from her, a little bit proud of myself for that.

Finally I leaned her back, she opened her legs in welcome as I pressed myself against her opening. We slid together easily, then began a steady motion against each other. Each thrust into her was met with a lifting of her hips, it was almost like we had practiced.

My first time, my first real sex. I felt myself orgasm mildly, then still firm I built again until we gripped each other solidly, our bodies shuddering together. It was so powerful I felt dizzy for a few seconds.

Patty was wrapped tightly in my arms when I woke up the next morning to a trace of sunlight across the room. The top blankets were snugged up around us, I carefully disengaged from her, then slid them back and looked at her snoring softly. Her bare breasts sagged slightly towards the bed as she lay on her side. Her nipples were flattened from the warmth, I pulled the blankets lower, stroked my hand over the curve of her hip. She let out a small sigh and rolled over onto her back. I leaned down and parted her lips, still damp from the evening before. She let out a small gasp in her sleep as my fingers brushed lightly across her lips.

I felt myself coming erect again. I stroked her sides, let my hands wander over her breasts again. Glancing up, I saw her green eyes looking at me. It was like it took her a moment or two to realize where we were. Then she reached down and felt my firmness, smiled and leaned up to kiss me.

We made sweet love again, much longer this time. I deliberately moved as slowly as I could, feeling her insides slide over me, building until we both had another crashing orgasm. She groaned as I blasted inside her.

"Where did you learn to do it like that, that was wonderful!" she purred as she snuggled up, kissing my neck.

"I didn't....uh...I haven't..." 

She sat up and looked at me, acting surprised.

"That was your first? It sure didn't show, and you are so big, too!" She reached out and wrapped her hand around me, I was soft and still sticky from our lovemaking but I didn't stay soft long.

Later we took turns showering, there was no room in the tiny cubicle for two.

She dressed in another of those sizzler type outfits, I slipped on the slacks and sports shirt from the night before. I could smell the smoke from the bar on it but it would have to do.

"Hungry?" She asked.

"I could eat a horse." I told her.

"We may have to!" she giggled, looking inside the tiny little fridge. I got a glimpse, there wasn't much in there.

"Got any money?" she asked.

"Yea, about $18 in tips from last night."

"That's enough, let's walk down the street to the cafe."

One thing I did notice about her was she seemed to know everybody, the cafe was busy and we almost couldn't talk because there was a solid string of people interupting us to say hi to her. Guys and women both, Patty was popular.

After that everything went back to normal, except we did date a little bit. Each time we did end up together we always wound up back at her little apartment, but I also saw Patty out from time to time with other guys and more often with a group.

I realized that she very likely had other men up too. I did my best to put that out of my mind and not think about it. Besides, that diploma mattered to me, I worked hard to earn it.

It did bother me though, I was at the point of wanting Patty for myself.

Graduation day was one of those bright sunny days, everyone was happy. My mom and dad came, I introduced them to Patty once I finally got her aside and seperated from the usual group around her.

Later, dad took me aside and asked me about her. I explained that we had dated a bit but that was all.

"Well, that one looks like a 10 to me!" He grinned.

I just nodded.

It was about a week later, I was busy putting stamps on envelopes with my resume', hoping I could land a job in the engineering field that my newly earned degree said I was. 

There was a knock on my door, I opened it to Patty standing there. I realized that in all this time she had never been to my apartment.

"I wanted to talk to you." She said without any fanfare.

"OK, come on in." She came in and looked around, she seemed impressed. I always kept my apartment neat as a pin, unlike her place which looked a lot more...lived in?

"I was thinking...would you like to move in with me?" she said.

Well. That was a bombshell. The truth was, the idea had never crossed my mind. Sure, we dated, sure, we made wonderful love. But we never really hooked up as a full time thing, and I had already decided that we probably wouldn't.

"I...why me?" That sounded lame the moment I said it.

"I like you and you are going places. I plan on going places too, and we would make a great team. Besides, you are...hung like a horse and the best lover I ever....."

She grinned, then her voice trailed off at that.

I just looked at her.

"We can make great kids!" she grinned at me, her fingers slipping inside my shirt.

"Besides, we can live together for a lot less than we can apart."

Somehow from there we ended up in my bed for a wild session, it finished up with her on top of me, her hips thrusting wildly at me.

So she moved into my larger apartment, and we settled down as a couple. I was lucky and found a position with a local firm, designing machinery parts for specific farm applications. Patty went to work for a local hospital as a nurse. 

We were together about 3 weeks when I told my folks about it. That was when my dad mentioned the "X factor."

I protested, after all even dad had said she was a 10.

"Yes, but when you find one you love, you marry them."

I dismissed that, after all, I was all grown up and Patty and I were doing just fine. There was going to be money in the bank, a house not too far in the distant future. I had already made a down payment on a small car for a start, my job was close enough I could walk but Patty needed to drive to hers.

Our lives together seemed to be settled and normal, there was no mention of getting married though. It didn't matter, we didn't need to.

One night I came home from work and Patty was there with a friend of hers named Sara. Sara was the same age and a former classmate, a snug looking brunette with a bubbly personality. I had met her just a couple of times before.

I said hi and went in to get a glass of milk. I came back out and noticed Sara looked at me like I was something to eat. It made me slightly nervous, actually, it was that obvious.

I sat down and listened to them chatting away with girl talk, Sara kept glancing over at me. I did my best to ignore that. 

Finally she left, Patty busied herself making some dinner.

"How do you like Sara?" she asked me as she set a big bowl of stew on the table.

"She seems all right, why?"

"I was just wondering if you like her?"

"Well, I guess so."

"We were talking about maybe...having some fun?"

"Fun? What kind of fun?"

"You know, a three way? Something to keep us from getting bored?"

"Bored? A three way? You mean, you and Sara and me?"

"Sure, would you like that?" she dipped out a large helping of the stew and set it down.

"I don't know, I never even thought... What does Sara say?"

"Oh, she is up for it, I told her what a great lover you are."

I sat there completely surprised. It took me a minute to form the words.

"I don't know about that, I thought we were pretty happy and doing just fine?"

"We are, but it is just a matter of time. I don't want you...us...to get bored."

"Patty, are you...bisexual?" I had to ask.

"Yes, sometimes." she giggled. "Are you?"

"No, not even in the slightest."

"Oh." she actually sounded disappointed.

"So what do you want to do?" I asked her.

"I want to watch you...do her..and maybe join in, doesn't that sound exciting?"

I almost choked on my mouthful of stew. Patty sat there with an expectant grin, like she thought I would just go for something like that.

Patty was so adamant about it that I finally agreed to try it, just to see what happened. I told her I was worried about problems, jealousy, things like that but she assured me there wouldn't be any.

"It's just sex." Were her exact words.

I should have known better, that X factor thing again. Always a consequence. I knew that, but I agreed anyway.

It was about a week later that I came home and Sara and Patty were sitting in our kitchen, sipping wine coolers. They were both pretty well buzzed. I greeted them, then went into the living room and turned on the TV. Sara came in and sat beside me, then she leaned in close. It was rather obvious to me what was expected, but even after the conversation of the week before I was hesitant.

Sara wasn't though. She leaned in close and kissed me, her hands went straight to my groin. The top she had on was designed to get out of and she did just that. Her breasts were small and tight, she asked me to squeeze them, pinch her nipples. Her fingers worked at the catch on my jeans, in short order her hand went down the front of my pants. I was only partly erect, this situation was strange to me.

"Patty wasn't kidding, was she?" She said, as she tugged my briefs down, exposing me. Her mouth closed over the end of my erection, sucking on me furiously. Then she stood up and reached out to strip my pants off, and slipped off her own, taking her panties off with them in one motion.

Hiking up one leg she straddled me, then lowered herself down on me. I felt her lips part and then I slid inside.

There is no way back from that point, I was fucking her. I saw a movement out of the corner of my eye, Patty was standing in the doorway watching us intently. Then she walked over to the side of the couch, kneeled down and began licking my nipples. Her hand reached down and fondled me from behind Sara.

I have to admit it was erotic as anything could be. Lust took over and I was doing something that deep inside of me was wrong. I knew that but did it anyway.

Sara was moaning, in short order I felt her body spasm and I blasted off inside her. Then I went limp, felt myself slip out.

It really wasn't much of a threesome, it was more like a twosome with Patty watching and touching some. I thought that seemed weird but if she liked to watch I felt that I could deal with it.

For the next few days Sara was over almost every night. I found myself fucking her more than I was with Patty. Several times Patty was nude, and she masturbated as we had sex. In our bed, Patty always insisted on us being on top of the covers so she could see everything.

Once I asked Sara why she was up for this odd situation, she responded that she liked sex and this was safe. She had simply gotten tired of meeting one guy after another, and there were always issues with them.

"Besides, you are great in the sack!" she giggled. I guess I got a bit of a big head at that. I had been with just Patty and then Sara in my entire life and they both thought I was great?

Then one evening Sara knocked on the door, Patty was off somewhere and I wasn't sure where. I just figured she was shopping or something, it never crossed my mind to ask. Both of us had our own schedules, I still worked two evening shifts at the bar. I didn't need to but I liked doing it and it got me a couple of nights to myself.

Well, as much to myself as it can be in a noisy place with 30 to 40 young people around. Patty never mentioned that, she just accepted it.
