 I'm on my way home from a business trip, the day turning into night and still about 100 miles from home. The business conference I had to be at wasn't too far away, about 200 miles from where I live. The company I work for providing me a car for the drive and also covering all of my expenses. Being on my way back I decide to take a short cut as I kind of remember my way around here. Having conferences out this way twice a year I've pretty much remembered the route pretty good. In the four years I've worked here I've been able to figure out certain shortcuts. Nothing but mostly farmland and woods for the majority of the drive.

The outside air slightly cooling down as I continue my drive with the windows halfway down, my long blonde hair waving in the breeze as the night starts to set in. I approach a small town and as I drive through I notice all of the stores are closed, most of the buildings are run down and even abandoned. Not one person out driving or even walking down any of the streets either. This town giving me a very eerie feeling as I drive through. I finally reach the edge of the small town and see a lonely old gas station with a half lit open sign on, the only place open in this town. I drive on by it seeing a creepy old man sitting out front staring me down, giving me a very grim look as I drive by. I decide to take the next left, being pretty sure this road eventually leads to the main highway, but not 100% sure about that. I carry on down the road and suddenly it narrows turning into a dirty gravel road. Not remembering a gravel road being part of the shortcut I begin to get nervous. My heart pounding faster hoping I didn't take a wrong turn out in this creepy, desolate area. I continue on down the road as it just gets narrower, nothing in my surroundings except for deep woods and suddenly my car starts to spit and sputter.

"Oh no!" I curse out loud as I look at the gas gauge, realizing I totally forgot to get gas for the ride back. With everything being arranged for me on this business trip, the one thing I needed to remember I forget. I punch the center console as the engine dies and the car comes to a stop. I stare at the gas gauge that reads empty and lean back in my seat, putting my head back I take a deep breathe in frustration and look around at my surroundings. I open my mouth in shock, right before me about 50 yards away amongst all the trees deep in the woods I see a creepy old abandoned building before me. The place huge with two floors having to be abandoned for decades almost looking as if it were once an infirmary. The road also mysteriously ending right here where I happened to run out of gas. Now definitely realizing I did take a wrong turn and having no idea where I am.

I take another deep breathe as I try to calm down but remember how creepy the old gas station was about a mile or two back, with the strange old man out front just begging for a customer. I guess that's my only option, I'm going to have to take walk and get some gas, I think to myself with a sigh. Not being dressed appropriately for a walk being in full business attire. Wearing a white blouse and a black pencil skirt. I always like to dress more sharply for the business meetings. I also wore my beige thigh high stockings and my black 4 inch heels with a black bra and thong underneath. Being a young woman in my mid 20's I shouldn't have a problem walking a few miles for gas.

I get out of the car and lock all of the doors before slamming the door harder than usual in frustration as I look forward to my walk. Holding my phone in hand I take one step before realizing in more frustration I've locked my keys in the car. I click on my phone realizing now would be the time to call for help. My heart sinks as I see I have no service, I fumble through my contacts finding my boyfriends number and click to call. Nothing, absolutely nothing and suddenly it gets even worse as it starts to rain. It starts raining harder quickly, what luck I think to myself sarcastically. I start pacing around very frustrated with myself as it rains harder, suddenly pouring. I remember the old abandoned building before me and think to myself it's my only escape from the rain until it stops and I could walk to the gas station and maybe even get service on my phone.

What's the worse that could happen, I think to myself as I stare at the old building, the rain falling on me, my clothes starting to get damp. It doesn't look like anyone has been in there for years. I don't want to go in but it's either that or get drenched, who knows when this rain is going to stop. Hopefully it won't be too long, I can't imagine being in their all night, the place is so creepy looking. I take a deep breathe and start walking towards the old building, in disbelief I'm even in such a situation. As I approach I notice most of the windows have been smashed out, not wanting to step on any broken glass or who knows what as I get closer. The rain still coming down hard as i look for a way in. I see how the front door has been torn off, leaving me a clear path inside. I walk up the concrete stairs, overgrown weeds and brush covering them and the whole front part of the building. My whole body drenched from the rain I stand at the broken door and notice a tight crawl space just big enough for myself to get through. I make my way inside the musky, damp, old building, looking like it might have been a hospital at some point or maybe even an infirmary. My high heels clicking on the dirty ground beneath me. Scattered rubble through the hallway before me and in the old rooms, cobwebs in the corners and graffiti on the walls.

"Hello? Is anyone here?" I call out, not really thinking anyone is here. I take a few steps forward looking around, the moonlight shining through the broken windows that have never been boarded up, being my only source of light. I notice a staircase to my left, making my way over to them I see there covered with old rubble and cobwebs as well. My adventurous side coming out I take the daring step and start making my way up the stairs slowly. I get half way up and I begin to notice an eerie dim light coming from the second floor. My heart starts pounding harder as i realize someone else is probably here. I take a deep breathe and swallow hard feeling very nervous knowing it could be anyone, but decide to take the daring move and continue up seeing if anyone else is here.

I make my way up to the stairs to find they lead into a large room. Seeing just the typical at first, old rubble, beer cans and cob webs. I take another step inside and look to the right and see the source of the light. At the end of the room I see two old lamps with the shades missing, and a dirty old mattress in between them. I take a few more steps forth wanting to get a closer look. My heart pounding, my mind racing wondering what this could all be about. I take another deep breathe before looking around once more seeing if anyone else is here.

I make my way over to the mattress, standing before it I look around some more for anybody that may be in the darkness and decide to call out again a little louder, "Hello!? Anyone else in this dump?"

"Why hello there my pretty darling" I hear suddenly, an eerie voice as i quickly turn around seeking it's source. I see a figure entering through the same doorway I came in, walking towards me wearing a long black cloak with a large hood hanging over his face allowing me to only see his mouth and chin. "I'm glad to see you could make it, we had a feeling a pretty girl like yourself would stumble in here tonight. Perfect for tonight's event!" He continues with a large smile forming on what I can see of his face. I give him a cautious look not liking the sounds of his words, frightening me a little bit. 

"Participate in what? I think you're misunderstood, I didn't come here to participate in anything!" I say in a stern voice with a serious look on my face. The figure now standing only a few yards away from me with the large grin still on his face, speaks again.

"My darling, I don't know if you have realized it or not. But you have entered the Realm of Perversion. You don't know it yet but in a few moments here you will be fully willing to participate in our event tonight. You will be fully willing to do nasty things that you've probably never fantasized about, and like doing it. No matter how deprived and fucked up you might have once thought they were. Tonight what you once thought was the impossible, will be possible!"

I stare at him as he speaks, taking in his words. The look on my face turning from serious to frightful! What could he mean I think to myself, my heart starting to pound harder. As these thoughts are racing through my mind suddenly four more cloaked figures appear from the darkness coming at me from each corner of the room. I look around a them all as they surround me, seeing just as much of their faces as the first man. I nervously look at them all, my heart feeling as if it were going to pound out of my chest. Too nervous to speak up as my breathing increases. One of them steps before me, holding a steaming bowl in his hands he brings it right up to my face holding it beneath my nose. I can't help but breathe it in as he brings it closer and closer to my nose. I try and turn my head to not breathe it in directly but can't as the others surround me in a very tight circle standing very close, leaving me no room to sneak through. I can't help but breathe in the heavy steam as it invades my nostrils and suddenly I start to notice a very overwhelming feeling. A feeling brought on suddenly, an uncontrollable sexual craving.

"What is this?" I call out through the steam as it surrounds my face. Feeling the sudden change, an urge of sexual lust. "What are you doing to me!?" I yell as I can no longer help myself, I cannot fight back this sudden sexual urge. Never feeling anything like this before in my life, not even with my boyfriend. Just a feeling of being absolutely horny, an overwhelming craving and need for cock! Suddenly craving any hard cock, these men's cocks! In complete disbelief in what that steam did to me, never feeling so filthy before in my life and not even caring. The feeling making me want to now willingly breathe it in more and more. I feel as it continues making me even more and more horny, leaving me standing here between these strange men, craving there cocks! Wanting all of them, at the same time! Something indeed I've never fantasized about, never being into such a dirty thing before in my life.

They start backing away, giving me some space. The steaming dish of there's doing to me what they wanted it to as it fades out. They stand there watching, waiting to see if it did indeed work. I can almost make out wide grins on their faces through the darkness under their hoods. I cannot fight this feeling, I no longer want to leave. I need their cocks now! I have never been so horny in my life, I've never had this feeling of pure lust that I have now. I can't help but start grinding my hips in midair, my pussy absolutely soaking as I yearn for there cocks. I start pulling up my skirt as I sway my hips around. Hiking it up to my waist revealing my bare thighs above my stocking tops and my soaked black thong. Holding my skirt up with my right hand I waste no more time and reach down with my other hand and pull my thong aside, revealing my shaved wet pussy for the group of strange men as they watch me. I reach down with my right hand and begin rubbing myself, quietly starting to moan as I play with my clit with these strange men watching. Never before doing such a thing with such a large audience, only one time before for my boyfriend.

The men start chuckling in unison as they watch, there magic steam doing exactly what they wanted. I stare back at them all as I play with my wet pussy and suddenly they all pull up their cloaks revealing their large, rock hard cocks all at once. Each one at least 8 inches long and fully erect. I continue to rub my slit, moaning under my breathe as I now stare at their hard cocks. They all reach down and start to stroke their cocks as they watch me standing their playing with my wet pussy, absolutely yearning for their hard cocks. I lick my lips as I watch them stroke their hard cocks for me as I crave for them all.

They start to slowly come towards me as they continue stroking their hard cocks. I start sliding my middle finger in and out of my wet pussy as I watch them come to me. I stare at them each one by one, my face filled with pure lust as they encircle me close just like before. One of them places his hands on my shoulders pushing me down. I oblige getting on my knees on the dirty old mattress between them all as I look up at their cocks, they all come closer. Their cocks level with my face as one of them wastes no more time and grabs the back of my head bringing my mouth to his hard cock, shoving it forth feeding me his cock as I take him right in my mouth. I suck him like a cock crazed whore, bobbing my head back and forth gulping down as much as I can. He pulls out and the next man takes aim as I willingly take him in bobbing my head back and forth along his length, gurgling around his cock. I feel as one of the men standing behind me begins unbuttoning my blouse before halfway through just tearing the rest off, he pulls it down my arms tossing it aside somewhere on the dirty floor.

The man in my mouth pulls out as another takes aim as I take him in sucking his cock deep. One of them unclips my bra, I help them remove it quickly as I move my arms forth letting it fall into my lap, revealing my DD tits for the group as one of them grabs it and moves it out of the way. Suddenly I feel hands grab at my breasts squeezing them hard before rubbing my hard nipples sending shivers down my spine making me even more horny. I continue sucking the cock in my mouth, moaning around it and staring up at his face through the darkness of the hood, loving the feeling of my nipples being played with.

I move to my right and take another hard cock in my mouth staring up at him as well, moaning around his cock as I suck. Two of them grab my arms by the wrists bringing my hands to their cocks as I begin to stroke them. Really getting into this now, but still in absolute disbelief what that steam has done to me. Never before in my life ever fantasizing about anything like this, being appalled by such things and usually being very self-conscious with my body and how I am during sex. Now those feelings have all gone away though, not wanting to stop, just wanting to be a dirty little slut for these strange men and allowing them to do whatever they want with me.

I continue moving around the circle gulping down there cocks, always stroking one in each hand. Hands constantly playing with my big tits as I pivot on my knees atop the dirty mattress as I suck down the hard cocks. Drool dripping down my chin onto my tits as my hands are covered with slimy precum. Suddenly they all stop and back off a few steps. One of them steps forth and grabs my wrists bringing them behind my back and pulls me back as he grabs them holding them tightly. Leaving me kneeling on the mattress but giving the others a great view of my big tits as I perch them out. They all come forth and start slapping my tits and nipples with their big hard cocks leaving marks of pre cum all over them. I watch as they do so licking my lips moaning under my breathe shaking them around a little bit.

One of them grabs what looks to be oil and proceeds to pour it all over my boobs as one of the other men comes over rubs it in. Rubbing my boobs all over making them nice and slick with the oil as I moan loud enjoying the feeling. They step aside as the man behind me still holds my wrists tightly as one of them steps forth and grabs both my oily tits and wraps them around his big hard cock and starts to titty fuck me. Sliding his hard cock back and forth in my cleavage. He does so for a few thrusts and steps aside as another steps forth and does the same. They all proceed to do so having their way with my tits as I kneel their taking it moaning looking up through the darkness into their glowing eyes for I am all theirs. One of them pours more oil down my cleavage and all over my tits while another titty fucks me. The oil dripping off my tits onto my stocking clad thighs soaking my stockings in oil as they all continue taking turns titty fucking me.

Suddenly the man holding my wrists pulls them to the left and turns me around as I oblige with him letting him move me where ever he wants. He moves me so I'm facing away from the rest of the men. He then pulls me forward and releasing his grip on my wrists places me onto my hands and knees. One of the other men comes up behind me and roughly pulls my thong down my legs and off. He hands it to the man before me and then goes back with the others. I look up at him as he pushes it into my mouth. I take it in and taste my juices, never really before ever tasting myself. He then moves standing above me facing the other men as he grabs my ass cheeks and pulls them apart, revealing my wet pussy and tight asshole for the group of men. He rubs my ass cheeks and makes them jiggle as he lightly spanks me a couple times. He then takes the oil and pours it over my ass cheeks and down my ass crack. It pours down my thighs soaking my stockings even more as it drips over my pussy lips and over my asshole leaving me a mess of slick oil. The strange man rubs it over my ass cheeks as I look over my shoulder unable to see much, his ass blocking my view. The other men touching themselves as they soak in the view of my oily rear end.

Then suddenly I feel as one of the men digs their face right, eating my wet pussy from behind. His nose nuzzled in my asshole as he buries his face right in, the other man still holding my ass open for him. The other three come back around before me as one grabs the back of my head and pulls my thong out of my mouth. He lets it hang from his hard cock as he forcefully brings my mouth to his cock. I open up and take him right in. Bobbing my head back and forth along his length, my mouth making muffled noises around his cock as my pussy gets devoured from behind. The man in my mouth quickly pulls out giving me a quick breathe of air as another grabs my head and brings my mouth to their cock as they proceed to fuck my mouth.

The man eating my pussy licks his way up to my asshole and starts licking my asshole, poking his tongue in and out as deep as he can. The third man before me taking his turn with my mouth as he grabs my head bringing my mouth to his cock. The man eating my holes from behind stops as I feel as one of them starts to slide their finger in my asshole. Slipping it in nice and easily from all of the oil all over my body, he slides it in and out with ease as he hear them both voicing their approval as he finger fucks my asshole. Then I feel another finger slowly slip its way in my ass along with the first, feeling like their both fingering my ass at the same time as they slide their fingers in and out, stretching it slightly. My ass only taking a cock once before, and something I didn't allow to go on too long. Never being into anal before, always thinking it to be gross but wanting nothing more than for my ass to be violated by these strange men.

They continue to finger fuck my asshole together for a little bit while I take turns sucking the cocks before me. Pulling their fingers out slowly he then spreads my cheeks apart wide as the other man lines up his hard cock with my wet pussy. he rubs the head on my slick lips as I take a cock in my mouth before me. He then slides forth in one swift motion all the way as my moans of pleasure are muffled by the cock in my mouth. He slides almost all the way out and slams forth again doing this a few times as he moans loud getting my wet pussy nice and ready for the coming treatment. The man spreading my cheeks apart spanks me as the other man fucks me, picking up his pace sliding his hard cock back and forth.
