 With two ffm threesomes under our belt, I was definitely ready to have our first mfm. Jack being the giving husband that he is was more than willing to help make that happen. We had clear limits and boundaries set, now the trick was finding that willing participant! Harder than you might think! We didn't have too strict of rules, pretty basic, common stuff I thought. Condoms a must, no facials, no degrading talk (dirty talk is fun, but some folks get a little to intense and rude for me). Ok with hubby doing me along (DP) with the winning applicant, but no direct male to male sexual contact. Turned out to be a chore finding that 2nd cock.

Jack read the online ads, showed me a few he thought might qualify. It wasn't a matter of finding the most attractive guy or biggest cock (I'm no size queen), but of finding the right guy, someone willing to play within our limits and be respectful. A ton of young hard cocks looking for a "milf" or "cougar" who thought they'd just wag their cocks and a porn scenario would materialize for them. A whole lot of "bulls" looking to sissify a husband. Just a lot of people looking for things Jack and I were not. Just a mellow nice guy that was decent looking that we clicked with. We had a couple friends we thought would be good candidates, but were pretty sure the proposition would freak them out and make all further contact with them awkward, at least. The best candidate had a gf who would not have been agreeable at all, even (especially?) if we had asked to include her, so I really began to doubt that it would ever happen.

Then one night with no particular agenda we went down to a local microbrewery not far from our place. We stopped by for dinner there about every other week or so. We were regulars, sort of, but not there all the time. Still, we had become friendly with some of the staff and enjoyed hanging out there occasionally. It was mid-week, so it was not too crowded. We got a table ordered up some dinner and got a couple of beers. A bartender we liked was there, but not working. He was sitting on the patron side of the bar and when he turned and noticed us we waved and he got up and came over to say hi. He was a little buzzed, so he was maybe more friendly than usual, but he wasn't sloppy drunk. Jack told him to have a seat so he plopped down and we started shooting the shit. 

His name was Kelly, he was a little younger than Jack and I (we were 34 and 33 at the time, so he was about 2. In the couple of years Jack and I had been going to this place, he had become one of our favorite bartenders, always laughing, a funny guy and always handled rude people with tact. We found out after talking that he had broken up with his GF about two months prior. In all the chatting we had done while he waited on us at the bar, his love life had never come up. I said so and he said "People want to vent to the bartender, not the other way around!"

We chitchatted for a bit and he got up to go pee. After he got out of earshot, Jack asked me if I thought he'd be a good fit for our third in a mfm. I was a bit surprised, but immediately started thinking of the possibilities. Kelly was definitely attractive, hippyish without being a full blown hippy, about 5'10", smaller build than Jack, but more fit than skinny. I asked Jack if he thought Kelly would be attracted enough to me to want to and Jack just gave me a "Are you serious look?"

"Maybe he likes petite cute girls, not curvy big titted women!" I said.

Jack said "I've noticed him checking out your cleavage when he gets the chance and even caught him eyeing you as you walked to the bathroom before. I don't think he knows I busted him, but I busted him all the same! If he's not down with fooling around, it's because I'll be there, not because of you!"

He was on his way back and Jack said "Go to the bathroom in a bit and while you're gone I'll put it out there. See what he says. Never win if we never play!"

Kelly got back and I think I was blushing or something because Kelly gave me a funny look. "Did I interrupt something?" he asked.

"Not at all" I said. Jack shook his head and said "Margie is flushed. I was telling her how nice she looks tonight and she didn't believe me. Thought I was blowing smoke!"

Kelly took the bait Jack threw out right away! I gave Jack a sideways glance and grin and he just smiled wide.

"Margie, I know you're a married woman and I mean no disrespect," nodding to Jack "but Jack is right. You have it all going on and all in the right places."

Jack chimed in "See? Told you it wasn't just me!"

"Well thank you Kelly." I said "I hope it's not just the liquor talking! Now, excuse me for a minute, I'll be right back." and I got up and went to bathroom. 

On my walk there I was a nervous wreck wondering how Jack would approach Kelly and if we were making a mistake. I thought "Oh my god, if Kelly freaks out and then tells all his coworkers then we've just eaten our last dinner here!"

I decided to hurry back and maybe catch Jack before he'd had a chance to say something. I washed my hands as fast as I could and got back to the table. Kelly and Jack were sitting there and I could tell by the looks on their faces I hadn't stopped anything. I just couldn't figure out if it had gone well or not.

Jack said "Marg, hon, I don't mean to put you on the spot, but Kelly here is just a bit reluctant to believe me when I told him what we might like to have him over to the house for. Would you confirm what I just asked Kelly while you were away?"

I was freaking out inside! I knew I couldn't leave Jack hanging, but I was terrified Kelly was going to reject us and then tell everyone in the bar that Jack and I were freaks!

I took a gulp of my hefeweizen and smiled at Kelly and mustered up all the courage I could. "If Jack is referring to the fact that we think you might be a good candidate to help Jack fuck me, then yes, that's true." Kelly's eyes almost popped out of his head! "That is what he asked, isn't it?" and I gave my best sexy, come hither smile. 

I held my breath as I waited for Kelly to run from the table!

Jack said "Well, now that you are sure I'm not pranking ya, what do you say Kelly? Down for the scenario I described a minute ago?"

"Give him a second to think Jack!" I said "I'm pretty sure we just rocked his brain and he might need a second!"

"When?" Kelly asked.

"What?" I said.

"Whenever you guys would like to do that, I'm game" He smiled an adorable boozy grin. 

Jack looked at me and without saying a word asked "Down for now?"

"We live about 4 blocks away, walk us home?" I asked.

Kelly grinned and said "Sure."

"Leave just ahead of us, and we'll meet around the corner by New York Pizza. Keep folks from talking too much, cool?" Jack asked.

"Gotcha" Kelly said and he got up. "See ya in a minute" and he walked out. Jack paid up our tab and went to the bathroom before we left. I stood by the front door waiting for Jack and my head was swimming. Did we just do what I think we did? Are we taking some guy home to get naked with? Oh my god.......lol.

Jack walked out and took my hand and out we walked. I was sure Kelly was going to be long gone, having come to his senses and hauled ass, but there he was, waiting right down from the neighboring pizza joint. We started to head towards the house when Jack stopped. "Hold on, let me run into the store real quick."

I looked at him as if to say "Don't leave me alone with Kelly!" but Jack was gone into the corner convenience store in a flash and it was just Kelly and I and I suddenly felt like a school girl on a first date! We started talking about the weather of all things! Kelly wasn't too nervous and I relaxed a bit and soon we were just two people talking about the weather. Jack returned with a bag and I realized he was forward thinking enough to remember to go buy condoms! We hadn't used them for years! Jack walked back out said "Ok, let's ramble!"

We started walking down the street towards our house and it was surprisingly mellow. The conversation turned from the weather to camping to travel and the then there we were, standing at our doorway. Jack unlocked the door and flipped on the lights. "Come on in and get comfortable Kelly. Want a beer?"

"Sure" Kelly replied and I followed Jack into the kitchen. 

"How do we do this?" I asked. Jack just smiled. 

"Relax, when we go out, take Kelly his beer and sit next to him. I'm sure the right moment will present itself" Jack's confidence put me at ease, although I was still reluctant to believe this was actually going to happen.

I walked out and handed Kelly his beer, kicked off my shoes and sat next to him on the couch. Jack put on some music and sat in loveseat across from Kelly and me. There was a brief uncomfortable silence then Jack asked Kelly if he had ever had a 3some before. Kelly said no, he hadn't. Jack told him not to worry, neither had we (Kind of a lie!). Jack told Kelly he'd have to wear a condom but said everything else was covered back at the bar. Kelly eyes shifted from Jack to me a few times. Jack asked if Kelly was still ok with sharing some pleasure with us and Kelly smiled nervously. "Yeah, sorry, just a bit nervous."

Jack said "That's cool man. Marge hon, do you think you can help Kelly relax?"

I smiled and took Jack's cue. I scooted closer to Kelly and put my hand on his thigh. I smiled and looked into his eyes. He was a cutie! I brushed his long brown hair to the side and leaned in and whispered in his ear "I'll do my best to make you feel good sweety." I kissed him lightly and started undoing the buttons on my blouse "Is this where I've got it going on, Kelly?" I asked as I exposed my white bra. Kelly nodded and smiled and I took his hands and put them on my tits. I started taking off my blouse and Kelly helped me slip it past my shoulders and then I turned around so he could help me with my bra. I turned after he unclasped it and let my 40DDs loose. Kelly's eyes were transfixed on them and grabbed his hands and put them back on them and he leaned in and started kissing my neck. I leaned my head back as he moved his soft kisses and nibbles down to my breasts. I undid my slacks as he sucked on my nipples and then I felt Jack's hands on my hips, helping me push my slacks and thong to the ground. I stepped out of my pants and let Kelly enjoy himself. I felt my pussy getting wetter as he sucked on my nipples, going back and forth between them. I reached over and felt his bulge. Mmmm, felt like a nice package, hadn't thought about how things would go if he had ended up having a tiny cock!

I started undoing his pants and he stopped sucking on my tits to help me. He kicked off his shoes as I unzipped him and reached in for his prize! He had a nice cock, just a tad thicker than Jack's 7" cock, maybe just a touch shorter, but not by much. I glanced back at Jack to gauge how he was doing. I had Kelly's dick in my hand, stroking it, as Kelly's jeans were down to his thighs and Jack nodded and motioned down, giving me the go ahead to suck on our new friend. 

I dropped to my knees, pulling Kelly's pants and boxers down to the floor and helping him step out them. I was face to cock with Kelly and I took my time. I sucked his head in, slowly, working my tongue around the head. A couple slow bobs on him and then I licked down the shaft and worked on his balls, slowly, lovingly rolling them in my mouth. The first time in 8 years I had someone's cock besides Jacks. I looked over at Jack sitting on the loveseat and he had his cock out, stroking it and smiling. I was so happy to see he was enjoying himself too. 

I motioned for Jack to get up and Jack shucked his boots and pants and was standing next to Kelly. I turned slightly and grabbed Jack's cock and began pumping it as I sucked Kelly. Then I started doing something I had always wanted. I moved from cock to cock, sucking, licking, stroking. Hearing the pulses of the drums and the singer on the stereo sing about Juliet getting her prescription filled, the breathing and gasps of the two men I was pleasing. Damn, this was a fantasy being fulfilled!

Two cocks for my pleasure and I worked them both until my knees started going numb! I pulled my mouth of Kelly and looked up at my men. "Doing good boys?" I asked. Jack looked at me with that "Goddamn I'm going to fuck you!" look he gets when I get him good and hot. Kelly was flushed and breathless. I was a proud woman!

Jack helped me stand and then said "Hold on". He stepped out, his shirt still on but his ass naked and hard cock swaying. He came back with a towel and the bag from the convenience store. He dropped the bag to the floor by the couch and spread the towel on the couch. "Have a seat" he told Kelly and Kelly sat on the towel. 

Jack got behind me and whispered "If your knees are sore, try bending over for a while." I laughed, but I bent over and started sucking Kelly as he sat on the couch. Jack got on his knees behind me and started tonguing me from behind. Spreading my ass, he drove his tongue into my pussy and worked it up onto my ass. He tongued and probed my ass and pussy hungrily as I tried to concentrate on giving Kelly a good blowjob. Jack realized that the position was going to be hard to maintain, so he moved us around some. Kelly stood and Jack moved the towel so it was over the arm of the couch and Kelly sat back down, at much easier angle for me to suck him. I sucked him and balanced with my hands on his thighs as Jack slipped his cock into my pussy. Goddamn, it was soo fucking hot to have a cock in my mouth and be getting fucked at the same time. Jack and I had done it with toys countless times, and it's hot, but nothing compared to the real thing.

A few minutes later, Jack asked Kelly if he'd like to fuck his wife's pussy. The words, hearing the words, almost made me come. Jack was being so brazen and it was hot. He has a quiet confidence to him the majority of the time, but he picks his spot to be bold and this was perfect. He knew it was turning me on too.

Kelly said he'd love to, so Jack asked him to lie on the floor. Kelly took the towel and laid it on the floor then got on top of it. Jack was still behind me, his cock pressed to my ass and he looked over my shoulder and we peered down at this young man with a hard cock waiting for me. 

"Put that cock inside you baby" he said and again the words made my knees weak. I got down and straddled Kelly. Jack handed me a condom so I unrolled it on Kelly and slipped him into my wet pussy. Fuck it was hot. I got him in me and then I began to ride. I leaned down and rested myself on him and slapped my hips up and down on his cock. 

Next thing I felt was Jack's hand on my ass, helping guide me on Kelly's cock. Then I felt Jack's slippery fingers at my ass. Oh god, it was happening. I had wanted to get fucked like this for a long time. Jack had done me with his cock and toy before, and Polly did me with a strap on while Jack fucked my ass. As hot as it had been to get fucked by husband and a GF with a strap on, this was going to be the real thing. I couldn't wait!

Jack's talented, lubed finger began getting me ready for double penetration. Kelly moaned when he felt Jack's finger in me too, obviously pressing against his cock through me. That made it even hotter. Jack took his time, made sure I was properly lubed up and that his cock was slick and ready to go. Jack pressed me down onto Kelly, my tits pressed against his chest. Jack's cock pressed at my asshole and I felt the head begin to enter me. Slowly, Jack slipped it in and I relaxed and let him in to the hilt. Goddamn! I can't explain how it felt. Similar, obviously, to Jack and a toy, but new and amazingly hot. To be in between these two men and feel them filling me up, shit goddamn fuck it was great!

Jack started slowly like he always does, and when he was sure I was ready, he started fucking me. Not making love or having sex but fucking me. Ladies, you know the difference and you know sometimes that's exactly what you need/want and Jack knew it was time for fucking.

Jack was fucking me nice and hard and fast. I felt the sweat on Kelly's chest and I could feel my hair start to bunch up in a sweaty fuckknot and Jack rode me hard. When Jack's sweat began to drip off his brow onto my back, I thought "Yes! Perfect!" So visceral, so....pure? I lost myself in the moment and I came, hard! It was transcendental! 

Kelly started breathing faster and I was pretty sure he was going to come, even though I hadn't been riding him or him pumping into me. 

"Come?" I asked him in between gasps and he nodded with his eyes closed. In just a few more moments, Kelly grunted and I felt him tense up. It was hot to watch his face as he came underneath me, his cock filling up his condom. I knew essentially that Jack had made him come from rubbing against him while fucking me and that made it all the more hot for me!

Jack wasn't too far behind. He tensed up and he clenched his hands on my hips and drove one last thrust into me and I felt his cock pulse and he shot his come deep into my ass. 

We stayed in that position for a minute, not wanting to move. Jack slowly slid out and I held Kelly's cock as I rolled off him. I slipped his condom off and stood with wobbly legs. Jack helped me steady myself and once stable I headed for the bathroom to throw away the rubber.

Jack was leaning on the wall in the living room when I returned, catching his breath and dripping sweat. I walked up and wrapped my arms around him and we kissed. "Thank you baby" I whispered as I stepped back. Kelly was sitting up, resting on one hand and he looked, well, well fucked I'd say!

I went over and sat next to him. I leaned in and kissed his cheek and thanked him for helping us fulfill a fantasy. He laughed and said, "Hell, I need to be the one thanking someone! That was fucking hot!"

We all laughed and Jack asked if anyone else could use some water! Fuck yes was pretty much the response and Jack walked into the kitchen and came back with 3 glasses of cold water and we sat around, all still nude, and chatted some. Soon Jack was sitting next to me and he began caressing my tit. I looked at him and raised an eyebrow. "Ready for more?" I asked.

Jack nodded towards Kelly and said I think he might be too. I looked over and Kelly's cock had started to harden again. I began stroking my two lovers again and soon I was on the floor on my knees, sucking Kelly off as Jack fucked my pussy from behind. I tasted some pre cum from Kelly and asked him if he wanted to come in my mouth. Kelly looked at Jack and asked if that was ok. 

I realized Jack and I hadn't really talked about that and I hoped I hadn't made a misstep. Jack said "Swallow him of you want baby. Make him feel good!"

Jack stopped fucking me for a minute, and I worked hard to make Kelly come. Soon he was gasping and tensing up and I felt his cum begin to hit the back of my throat. I swallowed his load and Jack resumed fucking my pussy. Kelly reached down and started rubbing my clit. That was all I needed and I was coming again too! Jack followed up soon and we all were right back where we'd been: sweaty, gasping, happy and spent.

"Shit! Is that really the time?" Kelly said. We left the microbrewery by 9, but here it was almost 1 am. Kelly had an interview at 8 am.

"Fuck" said Jack " I have to at work by 6 am. I'm going to be a wreck but I don't care!"

We got up, Kelly got dressed and I got in a robe and Jack started getting dressed too. "You need a ride Kelly? I didn't think about you walking down here."

Kelly said it was a short walk, he'd be fine and Jack needed to go to bed. We walked Kelly to the door and I gave him a kiss and Jack shook his hand (how manly, LOL) We thanked him again, he thanked us again and off he walked out of the cul de sac. 
