 My wife Jordan and I have been into the swinging, gangbang, orgy scene for over 7 years.

This happened about 4 years ago.

We were at a friend's place called Graham that had regular swingers/partner swapping sessions. 

All sorts of people show up as Graham just places adds in Craig's list and hopes for the best.

Anyway one night a rough looking couple came in and it turns out he was a member of a well known bikie gang, but he didn't ride with them anymore. He was Mike.

They were both nice, interesting people and we struck up a friendship. Anyway Mike had on a few occasions caught up with Jordan for a quick fuck as she gets every Wednesday off work.

Mike mentioned to Jordan that he and his 'mates' used to frequent the xxx cinema in town and wondered if Jordan would be interested going.

Jordan is 100% dirty slut. Has been since I met her. Lost her virginity at an after school party at 16 and has never looked back after discovering sex.

Anyway, when I got home from work, Jordan asked me if I had ever been to the xxx cinema. I said no.

"Mike said he and his mates used to go to it all the time." Jordan explained.

"What you want to give it a go?" I asked Jordan.

"Hey why not?" She replied. "It sounds like it a gangbang and it sounds fun."

"Be a bugger if we get there and no-one rocks up." I said. "At least at gangbangs people show up."

"I wonder if Mikes mates still go??" Jordan asked hopefully. "Shall I set it up with him next times hes over?"

"Yeah sure if you like." I replied. "Might be fun."

So Jordan gets Mike over next Wednesday for a fuck and a talk. She arranges for Mike and a few mates to show up next Saturday night at 11pm.

Jordan text me at work to let me know about the cinema plans and I text back 'there's a gangbang arranged from 3pm Saturday and the hotel rooms been booked'.

Jordan calls me up. "Hi hun can you talk?"

"Yep I'm in the car." I replied. "I told you about the gangbang last week."

"Yeah sorry babe I just forgot." She replied. "How many guys?"

"Probably just 10. Maybe 12. Not sure at this stage." I said.

"Cool." Jordan replied. "Well if we finish the gangbang around 10 ish, we can go to the cinema after that yeah?" Jordan said hopefully.

"Hey that's up to you sweetie." I said.

"I want to do it." Jordan sang. "The way Mike explained it it sounds like a hoot."

The gangbang went well on Saturday with all 12 showing up and giving Jordan a good pounding. She mentioned to them about the xxx cinema and a few had already been there.

"Whats it like?" Jordan asked. 

"Dark and dirty really really." One of them said. "Sleazy" said another. 

"A lot of deros there too. They watch the porno or chicks being fucked" said another.

"Why do you guys go there then?" Jordan asked.

"To get a fuck." one replied. "And its safe and a bit of fun" said his mate.

"So if I went there tonight, would you guys come and fuck me?" Jordan asked smiling.

"Oh fuck yeah!" They all replied.

"Ok. See you all there at 11 pm!" Jordan responded.

Jordan and I got to the cinema just after 11pm. Its a narrow stairway leading up from the street into the front ticket office.

Once inside the cinema there's the big screen showing a porno and the 'traditional' seating.

There were probably 40 people, mostly men inside. There was one couple near the front having sex and a group of guys were watching them.

Jordan wore her black mini skirt she had on at the gangbang and a white top, no bras or 'g' string of course. She had some cum on the dress from the gangbang but not a lot.

"Now what?" she asked me.

"I guess you bend over the chairs and I fuck you." I replied.

"Hey Jordan!" A voice called from the back of the cinema. The guys from the gangbang had shown up and made their way towards us.

Of course everyone looked over, including the guy that was fucking a chick in the front row. He came over as well.

"Hey Jordan." the guy said. "I've fucked you a few time. Its Sam!" he said.

"Oh hi" Jordan replied obviously having no idea who Sam was. "What about your girlfriend at the front?" Jordan asked with concern.

"Yeah." Sam said. "I'll get her and bring her up."

"Umm not what I meant." Jordan said. "But yeah do that."

Jordan bent over the back of one of the chairs and had her gorgeous arse in the air.

"Well?" Jordan asked. "Who is first?"

Sam stopped, turned around and started fucking Jordan straight away. His girlfriend came up and watched. Here I was thinking she would be angry but no.

After Sam blew, his girlfriend sucked his cock clean.

"I hope you're hanging around?" I joked.

"Oh fuck yeah!" the girl replied. "And I want to clean up...um Jordan is it?"

"Oh please." Jordan replied. "I would love that."

Anyway the guys from the gangbang all got to blow another load into Jordan then the perverts at the back of the cinema made their way down and asked if they could fuck Jordan as well. Of course I said yes. And weren't they excited!

Next thing we know we could hear a group of guys coming from the foyer. It was Mike with a few of his bikie mates. Probably about 6 or 7 of them.

Jordan was getting pumped by the pervert guys. Like hard. Its like they haven't fucked a real chick for decades. By the look of them, some were homeless.

Cum was dripping from Jordan's stretched pussy and had run down her dress which she still had on.

"Hun." Jordan said to me.

"Yeah baby, you ok?" I asked.

"Yeah all good but if I lay on my back my dress will be cold due to the cum. I will have to stay like this." She said.

"You happy like this?" I asked.

"Oh yeah." Jordan smiled. "Just letting you know."

Word must have gotten out because more guys were showing up.

Mike and his mates all fucked Jordan then promptly left without a word.

Occasionally Sam's girlfriend would lick Jordan's pussy clean of cum then sit on the seat next to her and watch.

Jordan would have fucked close to 60 that night including the 12 from the gangbang twice. In fact quite a few that night fucked Jordan twice.

Even with Sam's girlfriend doing 4-5 clean ups, Jordan's pussy was dripping. The front of her dress was soaked in cum. Some guys wiped their cocks on Jordan's dress and some got the clean up from Sam's girlfriend, as did I after I fucked Jordan.

Sam's girlfriend even acted as a fluffer and sucked the guys hard ready for Jordan's gaping pussy. She even fucked a few to help out. Nice girl. Forget her name though.

When we walked into the ticket foyer, the 'security' guy came up to me and said. "hey next time you're coming around call me and I can organise a better group."

"Thanks" I said and took his card.

Jordan was really uncomfortable walking down the stairs as the front of her dress was sticking to her legs.

Walking back to the car people were looking at Jordan's dress because in the street lights you could see it was cum and there was a lot of it.

I got a towel from the back of the car, Jordan took off her dress and threw it in the back and we headed home.

Next day after work when I got in the car, it smelt like cum. I forgot about the dress.

When I got home I showed Jordan how stained and hard the dress was at the front.

"That should be my cinema dress." Jordan said "And my gangbang dress too." she laughed.

"Hey how about we not wash it until we have to?" Jordan suggested.

"OK, thats hot!" I replied.

"But." Jordan said. "We will have another dress or pants or something I can wear after the gangbang."

"Great idea" I replied. "always thinking hun."