 The original concept for the day was for Godiva and I to have lunch with Lola, head back to our place, and discover if threesome sequels were even more delicious than first times. Because I'm the luckiest human on earth fate considered a simple threesome too mundane.

But let me back up a bit...

As far back as I can remember I never "got" monogamy. Even so, for many years, I had a typical monogamous marriage and anything beyond that seemed only to exist in movies or the letters in men's magazines. For her, monogamy was the only option, and I had no problem honoring her preference as we had great sex and a comfortable existence...right up to the point where she decided to trade me in on another model. 

Single for the first time in my adult life I dove into learning about all things "open" and discovering exactly what I wanted and enjoyed. It was eye-opening to discover just how many kindred souls were experimenting with these same concepts. Starting with that there is no right way to be more open sexually. Like most things as long as it makes you happy and no one gets hurt - why not give it a try?

Having always wondered about the friends-with-benefits concept I was lucky enough meet handful of women more than happy to educate me. Highlights included going to a house party to meet the husband of my first new playmate (when only the three of us knew the real story), falling into an FMF threesome with a "lesbians-who-like-men" couple, and eventually another 3-year relationship with a gorgeous woman with whom I had a great deal of fun. But while opening-up the relationship was always a hot topic we never made the leap. When that relationship ended my experimenting resumed. 

One of my new playmates, Faye, was married. The sex was great and learning about how her open relationship worked was a real education. Soon afterwards she invited me to meet her husband Roy and that same night I discovered the joys of MFM threesomes. I joined Faye and Roy a handful of times at their place and it was always hot, sweaty, and left us agreeing "we should do that again."

During this time a longtime friend, Godiva, became more than a friend, and is now my wife and partner in crime. Of the two of us she's the cool one. She knew about my single-guy escapades but like me had never really pondered the world of non-monogamy for herself. We began as friends-with-benefits but soon we were rarely apart. By this time I had learned enough about myself to know that monogamy was not for me. In what was the first of a long line of non-events with my lady love I finally got up the courage to bring up the concept of "could you be happy in an open relationship?" I was concerned that it could be a make or break issue...but after only a moment of thought she simply said "let's give it shot." Could it be that simple? My answer to that came after my first weekend away with a FWB. 

I came home with more than a touch of trepidation and opened the door to find Godiva nekkid in the front hall, in a pile of blankets, ordering me to lose the clothes. We were literally fucking within seconds of my coming through the door. 

We have never looked back.

While I had the occasional play date it took Godiva a little more time to get comfortable enough to dip her toes in the water. Eventually curiosity won out and we decided that having another woman play with us both would be the way to begin. Lola, one of the coolest, sexiest, most together ladies I'd had the pleasure to meet came to town now and again for business. The three of us began meeting for dinners - the third time at our place. Once again it was my shy, reserved, wife that broke the small talk as we sipped wine by asking "how do we get this started?" In no time the clothes came off and we spent an entirely scrumptious evening together. With the ice broken we then found some friendly guys for our own MFM experiences. If we saw someone more than once it was because we shared a sense of humor while we shared a bed.

Onwards

The plan this particular Saturday was to meet Lola for lunch before whisking her back to our place for Threesome the Sequel. During lunch I got a text. The display showed 'Faye (& Roy)'. Godiva and Lola saw my reaction as I read the text - shaking my head and laughing. I turned the phone around so they could read it.

Faye (& Roy): "do you think your lovely wife would let you pop-over for a few hours - I have someone I'd like to introduce you to?"

Any other random day Godiva would likely have scooted me out the door with promises to "save some for me." I called Faye to explain that we had a special guest and so I was "happily double booked." After some "you poor man" joking she told me that Lynn, a friend she'd known since college, was in for the weekend and that last night Faye had revealed her open marriage to Lynn for the first time. Unsurprisingly it was the only topic they'd discussed since. Lynn was amazed that her friends Faye and Roy were "crazy swinger people." We both laughed at the accuracy of the comment. :)

Roy, poor Roy, was hours away on a fishing trip he'd booked so Faye and Lynn could have a girls' weekend. Why poor Roy? Because this morning Lynn had admitted that she'd love to be able to dip her toes in the lifestyle and if Roy were home maybe she could play with the two of them and it would be safe and sexy and less scary than trying with strangers.

Faye had the idea of seeing if any of her male playmates might be available on short notice. Faye later described how Lynn began to get very nervous as Faye started sending texts "just to see if who's around." When Faye answered my call her first words to me were "earth to stunt cock, come in stunt cock." She laughed and said "you would not believe the look on my friend Lynn's face right now." 

However, all I could was offer sympathy for their plight. I wished them luck in their search and got back to lunch. I explained the crazy situation and after a moment Lola said "it so sucks when you have double-bookings." Godiva and I looked at her with our best "tough life" faces and even Lola had to laugh at how silly (and lucky!) she sounded. Always one to stir the pot Lola suggested "what if all three of us went over after lunch? Just to say hello?"

We all saw that there was humor and fun to be had even if it was just a friendly visit before zooming home to our king sized bed. Imagine how worked-up we'd be by then given how horny we already were?! I texted Faye to see if they'd found their fella yet and if not would talking with three more crazy swinger people be something Lynn might enjoy? Faye's reply: "We have been into the white wine - get over here before we come to our senses!"

On the short drive to the house we speculated about what would happen. Likely just some sexy conversation about the ins-and-outs of open relationships - but you never know. Perhaps nudity? Sex? Would Lynn run away screaming? Faye opened the door to three giggling fools. We met Lynn, and I introduced Lola. Lynn was visibly nervous but also happily excited. She admitted to being well outside her comfort zone but was enthralled learning about Faye's "secret life." She also could not resist saying "but you look like normal people!" to great hilarity.

We gathered in the living room on the spacious L-shaped leather sofa that I knew very well from my play dates with the Faye and Roy. We chatted over wine. Lynn was asking endless questions about how I met Faye and Roy, how Godiva and I got started, and "did you really come here instead of heading home to have a threesome?" It was obvious that she was both fascinated by the concept but unsure if it was really something she could enjoy. I think anyone new to the idea can relate to her mix of excitement and anxiety.

One thing she was concerned about was if all the ladies were bi-sexual. She was not sure where her boundaries were in that regard. She relaxed (a little) when she learned that while Lola enjoyed men and women equally that Faye and Godiva, while comfortable with women, saw themselves more as more "heteroflexible." The key things being just doing what you were comfortable with and if you're with good people there should be no pressure.

This is where the adventure really started.

Godiva chuckled and related that she had bonded with Lola during our threesome when they began by giving me an oily, teasing, massage and arguing about "did you touch the twitching penis or did it touch you?" (Goofy is the hallmark of our sexual adventures). I got a nice ego boost when Faye stage-whispered to Lynn "his girth is delicious and his tongue - unf!" I gave a tiny bow and couldn't stop smiling. Lola, quiet until now, looked at me with a twinkle in her eye and asked Lynn "would you like to see what Faye is talking about?"

Lynn was speechless. Both Faye and I started sputtering about don't worry, we're just talking, this is all new to you, etc. Lynn surprised us all when she turned to Godiva and asked "would you really be ok with that?" Godiva laughed. "Well it's only fair - you're the only one who hasn't seen him naked." All the ladies laughed. Lynn blushed and covered her face with her hands saying "Faye you have some freaky friends!"

Now I'm an exhibitionist but must admit my mind was going a mile-a-minute wondering where this might lead. Godiva caught my look and grinned. "Are you getting shy?" I was *acutely* aware of the four pairs of eyes burning into me while my cock began to strain against my jeans. "Maybe I am. But for my friends, I will soldier on. What would you have me do?" That brought short lull. Godiva had her own brief shy moment as the three ladies looked to her for next steps. Then she looked me in the eye and said "How about - you have to do whatever we tell you, no questions asked. Can you do that?"

"Of course!" said the lucky fool and Godiva actually clapped her hands she was so giddy.

That level of joy worried me.

There was a quiet moment while everyone sipped drinks - afraid of breaking the ice. Sensing this Lola waved her empty goblet at me saying "oh Playtoy, get me some more wine" and gave me her best evil grin. Faye said "ooooh this is going to be fun." The next few minutes they took turns ordering me around. Refilling wine glasses. Massaging their feet. Putting on some music. Very simple but in the moment very hot given the undercurrent of "what happens next?" Upon returning with Lynn's refilled wine glass I reached to hand it to her and Godiva stopped me. "No, no, Playtoy, you have to put the drink on the table. We've decided that while we can touch you, you are not allowed to touch any of us - even accidentally."

I was now looking at four increasingly evil grins and wondered what they had been plotting. "OK no problem..." Lola interrupted me. "And no more talking. Playtoys should be seen and not heard. Nothing but 'yes mistress' from now on understood, Playtoy?" They laughed as they watched me begin to realize how much trouble I was in. 

"Yes Mistress"

Faye spoke up. "Playtoy go to the bedroom and get the large bottle of massage oil from the side table. And grab as many towels as you can carry from the closet in the hallway."

"Yes Mistress"

As I padded upstairs I could hear the whispers as they planned what came next. I returned to the ladies huddled together and giggling. I stood holding the oil and towels. Faye looked me up and down. "Playtoy - slide the coffee table away then spread the towels to cover the carpet in front of the sofa." I quickly complied. With the towels laid down I stood waiting for the next command. Faye patted Lynn's leg saying "wellllll?" Lynn took a breath and sputtered "Playtoy, strip and let us look at you."

"Yes Mistress"

Finally! I made a show of slowly unbuttoning my shirt. Godiva was having none of it. She came over and slapped my hands. "Put those behind your back Playtoy, can't have you touching me."

"Yes Mistress" 

"Good Playtoy" and she squeezed my cock through my jeans while kissing me. Then she unbuttoned my shirt, tossed it aside, opened my belt and my jeans, and slid pants and boxer-briefs to my knees - carefully not touching my now freed cock. Then she went back to her seat on the couch as Lola and Faye cajoled the ever-blushing Lynn to get an eyeful.

I was bobbing free, at half- mast and rising, with my pants around my legs. I tried not to move but my cock had other ideas. Godiva pointed "you can see his pulse" to general mirth. Lola moved over to me, exhaled hot breath on my neck, and then knelt. "Let's get these off Playtoy" and tugged my clothes so I could step out of them. As I lifted each foot she exhaled hot breath on my cock but did not touch me. More laughter as I tried to keep my balance.

She looked up at me smiling. "You had no idea this would happen but you're loving every minute of this aren't you?"

"Yes Mistress!"

As she stood the trailed one finger up my thigh, across my balls, and then traced the veins in cock from base to head. She nibbled my neck then curled back up on the sofa. I was fully hard. 

The four ladies were very animated, talking and laughing. Lynn was intrigued enough, and bold enough by now, to walk a circle around me. "Faye he's... curved" (as she gestured at my throbbing cock). "I've never seen that." Faye replied "trust me, it's very memorable once you feel it." Godiva and Lola added "mmm-hmm's" to more laughter. As Lynn returned to the sofa I was standing, and bobbing, and loving my life.

After a few moments Faye seemed to remember her original plan. "Playtoy, take the massage oil, get yourself oiled from the neck down - and not too fast. We want to watch."

"Yes Mistress"

I started pouring it on my shoulders to run down my back - turning to let them watch me spread the oil on my back and ass. Then I faced them again and slowly oiled my arms to see if I could prompt a response. After a full two minutes of rubbing arms and shoulders Godiva couldn't resist. "Playtoy get that front-side and your cock coated before we get upset."

"Yes Mistress" said the overconfident man.

I poured more oil across my collar bones and let it run down - it was dripping off me onto the towels. Then I crouched to do my legs before working back to my chest, belly, and finally, adding even more oil to my cock and balls and using both hands to stroke and spread the oil. I was handling my balls and holding my now shining cock straight-up so they could see everything. There was a brief silence as they all gawked at the shiny naked man.

I caught Godiva's eye and could tell she had genuinely lost the plot for a second as her animal brain appreciated what was happening. She blinked and realized I was watching her. Reverie broken she turned to Lynn and asked "how are you doing? Should we make him get dressed?"

Lynn seemed to have no end to how much she could blush. "I've never seen anything like this - hell I've never thought about something like this. With Faye - much less people I just met. God - there's an oily naked man right there! I'm a little off balance and not sure what to say." Faye suggested that perhaps we dial it back so that Lynn could relax. Lynn bit her lip thinking and buried her face in her hands again. "No I am really amazed at how easy this all seems." Turning to Godiva she blurted "I hope you are not upset if I say he has a handsome penis.' Courage gone she tried to hide her face behind Faye.

Godiva laughed. "It's a turn-on knowing people find 'my cock' sexy Lynn. The only problem with compliments is our Playtoy's ego getting out of control." Lola added "well then I should tell you I'm so turned-on thinking of Playtoy's cock that I might need towel myself so I don't soak the sofa."

They laughed and for a few minutes chit-chatted about things like jealousy, boundaries, and any question that popped into Lynn's head. I resumed spreading the oil and slowly turning back and forth so that they all could see. 

Faye piped-up. "It's not every day you have naked man dripping with massage oil in your living room. Lynn, if you're really ok...what should we do with him?" I cupped my hands and stroked myself with both just to put on a show.

Lola, enjoying this far too much, offered "how about we see how long he can edge himself...with or without our help?" Lynn, not knowing the term, gave Lola a quizzical look. Lola told her "basically how long can he masturbate without being allowed to cum."

Uh oh.

Lynn was open-mouthed and wide-eyed again. Lola sat back, grinning away at me. Godiva and Faye looked at one another and nodded. They looked to Lynn to see if she was going to call a halt. Lynn sort of shrugged and quietly said "well maybe he could start and I'll see..." and trailed off.

I was facing one wide-eyed woman and three grins that would have made sharks envious.

Faye in a very proper tone: "Playtoy start stroking yourself and do not stop even when you're adding more oil. You do not have permission to cum. Understand?"

"Yes Mistress"

My mind wandered. Knowing that we'd be meeting Lola I had not cum for four days. I woke up horny. Lunch had been fun and sexy. I'd been semi-erect since we walked into the house. This did not bode well for my stamina. As I began to stroke for real I poured on more oil to help keep things slippery in hopes of surviving as long as possible.

Lola continued her evil ways. "Playtoy I can't see. Stand right here." I moved to the edge of the sofa facing her. Long, slow, strokes. A drop of oil landed on the leather sofa. "Playtoy! Be careful!" I moved back but she stopped me. "I didn't say move" and she snapped her fingers and pointed to get me back in place.

"Yes Mistress" 

Lola was in her element. "Ladies do you mind? I don't want to get oil on my shirt." All shook their heads so Lola pulled off her top. She'd skipped wearing a bra and cupped her tits as she grinned up at me. This made Lynn giggle. "You guys are freaks!" Then the next surprise: Lynn took a quick breath then threw off her own top revealing a lacy black bra and eye-popping cleavage. It had not been obvious under her sweat shirt. Double D's at least.

Oh boy. 

Godiva saw me glance away from Lynn's chest. "Playtoy it's rude not to admire us - are you afraid you'll cum too fast?" She raised her eyebrows to Faye and both ladies doffed their tops and bras. Godiva also made a point of adjusting her nipple rings knowing I was watching. And stroking. But I was under control, going slowly, not squeezing.

Lynn was now feeling out of place and shook her head before undoing her bra and putting it aside saying "this is nuts!"

She had magnificent breasts - by far largest of the four ladies. Faye saw me looking. "Lynn I think he likes what he sees." Lynn leaned forward, laughing, and bounced her tits in her hands. "Do you like me Playtoy?"

My voice broke: "Yes Mistress"

I had to slow this down. It was feeling food and looking better. Lola whispered to Godiva and they came to an agreement. Lola asked Faye about the sofa being safe for oil. Faye laughed and replied "we got this leather because it's easy to clean - no worries there." Happy with that Lola turned back to me. "Playtoy our breasts badly need some oil. Help us out - but don't stop stroking."

"Yes Mistress"

While I stroked, and crouched to grab the oil, they slid off their pants. Each wore lacy "another woman will them so they better be fancy" panties. They leaned forward, cupping their tits, and I poured generous amounts of oil into their cleavage and across their collar bones. Each began to rub the oil in - I don't have to tell you how hot shiny, slick, oiled, breasts look. My lord. "Playtoy you're not stroking fast enough, chop chop" ordered Faye seeing me lost in the cleavage.

"Yes Mistress"

"You know Lola" began my lovely wife, "Playtoy could not stop telling me how hot he thought it was when we kissed during our threesome." Lola eagerly leaned over and they pressed their slick breasts together while sharing a long, lingering, kiss. I felt a twitch and reached that "so hard it hurts" phase...which in retrospect was the same state I was in the first time I saw them kiss.
