 This is a bit of an alternate future. It is strange in places with weird conditions and different kinds of drives. It is a maybe, a might have been, a what if. I hope you enjoy it. 

All participants are over 18 and I guarantee you they do not exist in real life. If you know these people welcome to the world of strange. I reside there frequently. Take a moment and let that simmer, because this story has a bit of strange in it. If you don't like that, it might not be for you.

Please let me know what you think about the story. I appreciate the feedback. If you provide a comment, please leave a few words about why. Why you liked or did not like it helps me as a writer. Also, vote, please. Thanks for reading, I hope you enjoy it!

================================

April 1, 2017

The three people stared across the inner city basketball court toward the staging area. There were a few hundred regular army troops there preparing to deploy to strike at local targets. The underground could not have it, so they were here. They didn't look like much, but these three were some of the best around. Everyone, jokingly at first, called them the Mod Squad, one black, one white and one blond. The leader of the team was Tina Marie, a black girl with a penchant for bombs. Next was Geo Forbes, an average white bread computer hacker turned resistance fighter. Last but not least was the ex-pop singer Lisa Lowe, short full figured, and a deadly martial arts expert. Lisa was wearing her standards. Black leotard, plaid skirt, white knee high stockings, black shoes and a dingy white shirt mostly covered with a dark red sweater. She moved back then walked around the corner like it was pre-fall. 

Geo looked her over, she walked past with a sway and a sexy strut that always seemed to attract attention. She had a couple of artful tears in the leotards she was wearing too. Subtle little touch. Two soldiers noticed her and moved toward her. They looked around for threats but didn't see any, so they kept coming. They caught her right at the corner she was about to turn. 

"Hey baby, where you going?" said one soldier. 

"Yeah, shit, you're hot looking," said the other who glanced around, "What do you say we find a place and get busy?" 

That was half the problem these days, women were treated like shit which was the policy of the administration. "Please, I don't want to start trouble..." she said and backed away, her sweater and the unbuttoned shirt beneath gapping. 

"No trouble baby," said the first soldier, "we're just going to have a little fun." 

There was no one looking and I saw the shift in her body language, "Oh a little fun?" and she jumped and round house kicked them both. As she made her move, Tina pushed the plunger and the camp became a death zone. Only the two soldiers lived through it and they never saw a thing except one little girl in a short skirt. 

I relaxed my grip on the rifle and surveyed the scene. I could smell the odor of burnt flesh and could still hear the whoosh in my ears. Tina didn't look right away. She never did. I moved to Lisa and she came to my arms. This was the hard part. We'd just killed a hundred or more Americans. They would have killed us, but nonetheless, we killed them. We were the good guys, the bleeding heart liberals and we were reduced to this shit. We hated it. Lisa was sobbing quietly into my shoulder when Tina got there and folded into our embrace. After a few minutes, we broke it up. I handed Lisa her piece and we walked past the resistance force toward our home. 

At home, the phone rang. Tina answered of course, "Mod squad," she responded. I was squeezing her tits at the time in the beginning of our post action romp. Lisa was on her knees sucking my cock and we were just getting started. "What the fuck, Jones? You know the deal, we handle it, then it is four hours and we are not contacted, for anything. And the damn drop was empty. Where is our payment?" 

She paused and listened turning to kiss me as she did. "Baby, just hang up and come fuck us," I said. I wasn't original when it was like this. Our payment was usually Viagra. We had some saved which was good because the drop was empty like Tina had said. I'd taken one on the way home, Lisa popped it in my mouth, and by the time we walked in the door, I was all kinds of hard and turned on as shit. My brain was incapacitated and my body was in overdrive. 

"What do you mean they know where we are?" said Tina suddenly, "You son of a bitch, you sold us out!" she paused and stepped away. It didn't impinge on me at that moment what she was talking about. But that's when the first booby trap went off. Whoever was at the front tunnel just got fried and the alarm sounded for ten seconds. 

"Fuck," said Lisa and stood, tucking me away and zipping me up. "Lover boy, it is condition puce. Snap out of it." 

The hypnosis and trigger words worked. Not much else would at that moment. I was still rock hard and ready, but now my brain was engaged. We grabbed bags when tunnel two went off and tunnel three was just after. I checked the computer before I unhooked, only one exit was safe. All the others had hostiles. 

"Deep roads girls," I said and we all grabbed our waders and stepped into them. Tina had grabbed her bag and the ammo bag. I grabbed my bag, weapons and the computer. Lisa snatched her bag and a pair of swords that she almost never used. I opened the back wall and we stepped in as we heard at least four tunnels go up. The wall closed and we climbed down. 

So, our home was an old subway station, actually a junction station with lots of access points. But below it, was the Underground, a maze of tunnels from the old city. Basically, the old sewer system and overflow. We put on our head lamps and followed the arrows. As we passed each one, Lisa sprayed it with the debonder and they disappeared within seconds. We were not that far away when our home went up with a whump. 

"Fuck me," said Tina and I groaned in need. "I know baby, soon. Get us to the boat." 

"Okay, Tina," I said. The drug was still coursing through my system and it was harder to think. We stopped a minute and Lisa opened my shirt, slapped a patch on my skin, then closed me up and stuck a vaperator in my mouth. I breathed in the calm and they did as well. A bit of clarity opened up in my brain as we arrived at the crossroads. Here was where the trail ended. All the tunnels from here led out, but some were not good places. I counted and pointed the correct tunnel. "That one, please, relief soon?" I was hurting. My balls were throbbing and my erection was strong. The pants I was wearing were too tight and dammit if my girls didn't look hot as shit.

"Okay baby, soon," said Lisa who stuck the vaperator in my mouth. I drew again and when I exhaled it was there again. "Not much longer, stud," she told me. "If you hold on, I've got a pussy that wants it. Can you hold on for me, my love?" 

I nodded, too wound up to speak and led the way. In my head, I was following the maze I'd set up. Another vape and I wound us past the last of the turns. "Okay, straight that way maybe a hundred yards. We stay in the main tunnel here and we are home." 

We made it down the slightly bending passageway to the exit. By now, we were waist deep in water, well, Lisa was, she was the shortest of us. There was the boat and no one in sight. I took out the computer and fired it up by satellite. Damn Russians were threatening to take the rest down and that would suck. I scanned the area and nothing was close. We were about an hour before dark then we could run. We piled aboard and Lisa unmoored and set the electric motors and we slowly pulled out into the delta. Tina and I went below and left Lisa to her specialty. Tina sat on the bed in the cabin, ripped open her panty hose and pulled her panties aside. 

"Come on, lover boy," she said in a throaty growl, "stick that big ass cock inside me. Cum for me my love." 

The animal came out in me, well, not a real animal, but a sex starved, ready Freddie. I moved between her legs as I spit on my hand and lubed my cock. As I arrived in her arms, I slipped into her like I was coming home. "Grrr, yes, warm and wet, fuck, fuck," I began and went from zero to pound in seconds. 

Okay, sounds kind of weird right? Well, I have this condition. They say it is satyriasis or something similar. I think the medical term was hypersexuality. When I was young, I suppressed a lot and I got a bit crazy. Like committed to an institution and filled with drugs kind of crazy. Tina worked there as a well, manning one of the stations on my floor. When the shit hit the fan, she got out the ones she thought would and could survive. I would not leave her side. That was in January. We met Lisa that day when we rounded a corner and saw her in a fight with seven guys. She was kicking their ass and we jumped in to help. She stuck with us after that. It was the next day when the pain hit as I withdrew from the medications. I whipped it out and masturbated kind of out of sight from the girls, but they went to check on me and saw. They decided to help me out and now, it is a permanent thing. We're committed. 

"Yes, baby, we're home, we're safe," Tina murmured as I shallow stroked her hot tight pussy. "Mama's right here. God you feel good. Right there, baby, right there. Oh shit!" 

Tina was like that, a running stream of sex talk and I dug it. While she talked I bared her beautiful body, well, without stripping her. Even as far gone as I was, I knew I could not do that quite yet. But I shredded her hose with my fingers and sucked her nipples before she pulled my head to hers and we kissed like there would never be another moment like this. She rose with me and suddenly I roared into her mouth as I dumped my seed, whimpering as the pressure went away. 

"Fuck, Tina, fuck, fuck, fuck," I said. "I was long gone that time. Too far, too much." 

"I know, my love," she said, "And Lisa will come down soon as well. You know our first bolt is only a half hour by boat. So, we're close. Do you need to cum again, baby?" 

I pulled from her and smiled, flipped her around and leaned her over then shoved back in. I leaned over her and squeezed her tits, "You know me better than that. I'm going to have your black ass now," I said and she groaned assent. So I pulled out and took her anus, slowly pushing my cock into her beautiful ass. 

"Fuuu..." she said. She wasn't really fond of an ass fuck, not like Lisa, but she got off on them from time to time. This was evidently one of those times. She came twice over the next fifteen or twenty minutes as I fucked her ass. 

"Would you like to drink my cum, my slut?" I finally asked and she groaned out a yes. "Well, get ready for it my little slut, I am almost there." 

She was quiet now, her excitement too high for her to string together coherent statements. I felt the boat stop as I was stroking her ass deeply and reminded me Lisa would be down here soon. I was ready and pulled from her spasming ass. She spun around and took me into her throat as I fingered her through her orgasm. She took me deep over and over and I suddenly spasmed and dumped in her mouth. She mmm'd as she swallowed and milked me, then stood and grabbed the incoming Lisa to kiss her deeply. I could tell by tongue movement she passed some of my cum to Lisa who loved to drink it. Lisa pulled up her skirt and ripped open her hose, raised one leg straight up and guided me into her tight blond pussy. 

"Oh you fucking stud," she said as I seated. "Damn I am addicted to your cock and cum." She turned suddenly, "Stay Tina, kiss me my girl lover. Damn I love the two of you. You are like the air I breathe. Fuck me, Geo, fuck me!" 

I wasn't arguing. I was still in need. Before we finished I would need at least two more orgasms and little Lisa she would take them all. But Tina stayed, as she often did, and the three of us loved on one another. Lisa kissing first one of us then the other while I took her hard, the way she liked it. 

"Yes, my Lisa," began Tina, "Your fingers in my pussy, that's my G, right there. Oh fuck you are good. It ain't a dick, but you are my lover like him. Only you two trip my trigger. Finger that black pussy. Today, I might have him again. Maybe with you sitting on my face. We haven't done that for a while and I love you two, you pair of white bread, lovers. I'm going to cum baby. Yes, cum with me, his cock pounding you, cum baby girl. Fuuuuuuuuck!" 

They came with a crash and the spasming pussy around my cock pulled me in and I came as well. The world was a good place. I was loved. I had lovers. They were here. They shifted and I pushed into Tina from behind as she dropped her head to Lisa's pussy. I had to taste one now, so I pulled free and dropped to the black sex bomb in front of me. I shoved my tongue in her pussy and licked her clit then up to her little black anus and back. I needed her cream and she relaxed it out for me to lick up. Her gorgeous body, gorgeous pussy, pulsing, wanting a cock. I stood and shoved back in. I couldn't stop. I was in the zone again. We had waited too long. Delayed until the mental blocks were slipping. Tina came and came again. I don't know about the in between. Lisa was there, saying something. 

"Sienna is a beautiful color for sunset," came Lisa's voice and with it some measure of control. "take my ass my beautiful man." Lisa leaned back on the couch and pulled her legs high. There was her ass. Her sexy ass that she told me over and over was all mine. Tina guided me to it, her touch shaking a bit. I penetrated, and Lisa sighed. "Yes, Geo my love, fuck my hot ass. I love you, love you, love!!"

And I was fucking her. My heart was filled. Tina was there, tears on her face. I'd hurt her, but she was kissing me, loving on me. They loved me, loved me, loved. My mind returned slowly as I came, the chemicals from the imbalance drained away. My two girls holding me, stroking my body. I turned to Tina. 

"I'm so sorry, baby," I said. "How bad?" 

"Not bad, lover," she said, "No blood, no tearing. You are just bigger than I can take and you were slamming my cervix. I am the one that is sorry. Sorry I didn't just take us out when the drop was empty. Sorry you had to get that far gone." She stuck the vaperator in my mouth and we shared the oil. Some good orange cannabis oil. Some relaxation. 

I turned to Lisa and she smiled and shook her head, "You didn't hurt me. I love you. Tina loves you. We are together. We will never be mad at you for that. Never." 

They held me, one head on each side, tits on my arms, my hands on their asses. I sucked the vape when it was stuck in my mouth and loved my girls. 

================================

I must have fallen asleep at some point and I woke up with Lisa. As I stirred, she woke and smiled. "Hello, Geo my love. Play with me?" 

I smiled and stroked her body. She was responsive, rising like a helium balloon to my touch. "Mmm, Lisa baby, you feel so sexy. Sing for me, lover. Let me hear your voice crack from pleasure." 

She sang then as I stroked her body, humming when I kissed her. I dropped to her breasts and thence lower until I was tongue deep in her cunt. She tasted a bit of me and a lot of her, a lovely kind of fresh rain taste. Her song went ragged and screeched as she came. I moved up, spreading her legs up and apart before I pushed into her. She was still singing, a different song, her big love song. I could feel the emotion in her words as she sang pulling at me, pushing in me in an almost sexual way. Just after the bridge we came and she was breathless. "Enough my lover," I said and kissed her again. "You have me forever. Never another like you. You and Tina and me, real love." 

She smiled and kissed me playfully, "Don't pull it out yet. Just lay here with me, your magnificent cock in my little pussy." We kissed for a while then she said, "Tina is checking with the resistance. We had some news. The army is concentrating on the east and the west has been abandoned. California, Oregon and Washington are succeeding. Nevada may join as well. The new nation of Pacifica. Evidently, Schwarzenegger is up for the first President. They are looking for a minority or female leftist to be Vice President. The new laws are being worked on, including some stuff to avoid some of the mistakes from America." 

"Capital crimes are set for banishment," said Tina from the doorway. She moved slowly over to us and lay down. 

"Is that from me?" I asked in horror. I was a bit over eight inches long, though not super thick. The inside of a vagina, though elastic to a degree, needs to be stretched not forced into depth and is as varied in depth as a man is in length. Tina was about five inches relaxed and could stretch to about six and a half. If I wasn't careful, I could hurt her, bruise her with a hard fucking. 

"Shh, Geo man," she said lovingly, "You didn't mean to hurt me. I could have taken you in my ass like I did earlier. But I didn't. I love you baby. Don't beat yourself up about it. I'll be okay in a couple days."

I cried and held her, murmuring over and over, "I'm sorry. I love you." She held me and shushed me. My parents really did a number on me followed by the doctors. It was only the final year when the hypno-therapy began to work that stuff got better. On top of it all, the drugs quit working. I could not get enough release from my erections because of the damage they did to my system, until we tried Viagra. Viagra was a need now for me. Then there was a patch with sleepy in it, though it never worked that way for me. It was an insta-burst of calm though. The deeper in I was the less it worked. Finally, there was a vape oil called Celerity. That gave me a bit of concentrated thought, an hour at the outside, less when things were bad. 

"We need to make a drug run," said Tina. "The resistance has a cache for us. Pay in advance for one more job. Then we are boating up the coast to the river and deep into Oregon or Washington or some place we can be free." 

"Did you get the formula for the Viagra substitute?" asked Lisa and Tina nodded with a grimace. "What is the cost lover?" 

"There is a single army left that opposes the secession," she said. "They are moving now and are the main barrier to Nevada joining. If they reach California, it will be open warfare. There is intel that says they are going to come through Reno and Truckee and down through Sacramento. Near a town called Auburn, there is a point where a demolition ambush could take out virtually all the tanks and a good portion of the Hummers and troop carriers." 

"Where will we get enough explosives for that?" I asked as I continued to caress my Tina. 

"We will be working with a rogue engineer corps," she said. "I will plant the charges and set them up with their help. Then they will trigger them. but the window is short. So, we leave in an hour." She lifted her wrist, "Well, forty five minutes." 

We cuddled and I took Lisa until I came twice more, letting Tina drink my last. "Geo, you are the bomb, baby. I love you to the end of time," said Lisa and Tina was there kissing me and saying it as well. I had one of my rare mini-breakdowns, a loss of my reserve when I felt their love. They were my salvation. 

====================================

We met with the engineer corp and moved to the site. We were redundant. We ended up doing not much of anything as the Army rogues took a hurry up and wait attitude. Lisa and I took a walk that afternoon and found a quiet spot where she boffed me to take off the edge. In our post coital moments, we talked about the mission. 

"Why are we here, Lisa?" I asked as she redressed. She was so fucking sexy, it was easy to lose myself in the moment. But something was wrong and I could not put my finger on it. Tina was down with the grunts and we were up here because neither of us were critical for the mission. Come to think about it, "Why do they need us? Those engineers, they are the same brand of specialists that trained Tina. There is nothing we can do that they cannot..." 
