 On the way home it starts to rain hard. Huddling close in doorways together, Yana says to me, 'My girlfriend Rebecca lives right here. Let's see if she's home!'

'At this time??' I say, it being about 5:30 A.M.

'It's OK! We're like sisters, Rebecca and me. I'm sure she won't mind; she never does,' and she buzzes an apartment in the building we're huddled in the doorway of. 

After a long pause, a sleepy female voice answers with a reluctant sounding, 'Yes?'

'Oi! Reb! It's Yana, I got caught in the rain, mind if I come in?'

'A bit early for a visit, yeah? Well OK, come on up,' Rebecca answers and buzzes us in.

'Should you not have mentioned I was with you?' I ask Yana on the way into the elevator.

'Nah. Be more of a surprise this way, moreover!'

The door opens and an sleepy looking Amazon goddess is standing there in sheer black bra and thong: the same ass-length straight platinum blonde hair with bangs as Yana, huge brown saucer-eyes, fat pink pouting lips, slender, shapely body, impossibly huge spherical fake tits, just like Yana's, big pert nipples jutting out from under her translucent bra like bullets, slender waist, big flaring shapely ass, long smooth legs, and I can see underneath her sheer thong a completely waxed-smooth pussy, but unlike Yana's pale white skin, Rebecca's is a dark fake-tanned orange-brown. My dick is already as hard as steel in my wet jeans.

'Come in you two! Come in; you look soaked!' says the goddess ushering us in over the threshold. We step over a welcome mat that reads, 'Come In.'

Yana starts stripping off her wet clothes right there in the entryway as Rebecca scurries away and comes back with a couple of dry towels.

I feel a bit at a loss as to what to do, so I say, 'Which way is the bathroom, then?'

'It's right down the hall, love, but do get out of those wet clothes right here and now before you catch a chill. Don't be shy,' Rebecca says handing me a towel.

I shrug and strip down to my skin right there in the entryway. Rebecca's eyes land on my straining dick as I dry my hair. Yana giggles and presses her bare waxed cunt onto my thigh as she dries her own. I can feel her love-hole oozing hot juice as she subtly slides it up and down my leg.

'Listen, you guys,' Rebecca says addressing both Yana and me, 'my bed's the most comfortable. Why don't you both join me there for a few hours rest before we all get up a little later, hm?'

I try not to sound over-eager, but it probably shows through, and answer as casually as I can, 'Sure.'

The Amazon literally grabs me by my cock and pulls me and Yana into her bedroom by it! Holy fuck, I'm thinking!

Her bedroom is mirrored on two entire walls, as well as the ceiling. The other two walls are a huge curtained window. The bed is enormous with shimmering brown slightly metallic looking brown silk sheets. There's a small hot tub in the corner by the washroom. It's a fucking Sex Den!

Rebecca shamelessly looses her underwear; her cunt is gorgeous! 

'Do you like the view?' Rebecca says leading me over to the window by my cock, sliding open the curtains, kneeling down and taking my balls into her mouth as she jerks my cock with her hand.

I'm speechless as she takes my dick into her mouth, her big fat pink lips sliding up and down its length. Yana comes up behind me and tongues my asshole as her girlfriend sucks my dick! I feel like I've just won the fucking state lottery!

The girls then form tunnel with their two mouths for my cock to fuck, meanwhile the sun is rising on the view of the city street out the window.

'How about a little hole-swapping, stud?' Yana suggests. I don't know exactly what she means, but I like the sound of it alright!

The sluts get up on the bed; Yana the pale skin on the bottom, and Rebecca the fake-tanned skin '69'ing her on top. The sight is enough to make me want to bust a nut right then and there.

Reb says to me, 'I want to see your cock open up this tight pussy. Come here and slide it in, yeah?' 

I climb onto the bed between Yana's legs and comply, her tight fleshy cunt opening up around the girth of my shaft, taking my veiny length up to the root as her girlfriend watches only inches above. The girls moan as I fuck the pale beauty. Yana's cunt is dripping wet and my dick slides in and out with ease.

'Now fuck my mouth, stud,' Reb urges me.

I pull out of Yana's cunt and slide my cock up Reb's soft, hot, wet mouth, her lips closed tight around my dick, sucking me hard. I fuck her face hard, sliding my dick in and out like it was a pussy.

Yana's soon moaning for my cock; she wants it back in her pussy, and I slide it up her wet cunt like I know she wants it. I fuck her hard making her cum and gush all over my balls and the silk sheets.

Then Reb says to me, 'Now get behind me and try my pussy out, stud!'

I crawl behind her and drink in the sight of her tanned waxed smooth pussy and asshole, her back arched, her ass and holes thrust up in the air for me to fuck. I grip her butt cheeks, spreading them open, and slowly slide my shaft up her hot tight cunt, her girlfriends face just inches below, licking and sucking my balls.

It's fucking amazing as I fuck Rebecca's cunt while Yana sucks my balls from underneath. My shaft slides easily in and out of her tight drooling hot hole.

'Now suck my cock Yana, you slut!' I say, feeding my dick out of Reb's cunt and down into Yana's mouth. 

'Yes! Suck my cock, babe! Your mouth is my fucking cock-hole, Yana! Say it!'

She lets go of my dick with her big fat pink lips for a second just to say, 'My lips are your fucking cock-hole, John!' then clamps them back down on it and sucks it like a fucking straw.

'Fuck my shit-box now, John!' Reb calls back.

I slap her big shapely ass, pull out of Yana's mouth and shove the tip of my cock onto Reb's brown-hole. Meanwhile Yana sucks my balls.

I reach under and grab onto Reb's huge hard round fake tits as I slowly thrust forwards, my cock inching up her tight fart-box. My whole ball-sack is in Yana's mouth as I feel Reb's ring slide up my shaft to its base. It's fucking heaven!

Reb moans as I start fucking her ass slowly. I slap her ass, and Yana licks my shaft from the sides even as it's sliding in and out of her girlfriend's hot, tight butt-hole.

I pull my dick out and feed it up Yana's mouth. Then I shove it back up Reb's asshole, then back into Yana's lips, then back up Reb's shit-hole. I fuck her hard! Yana's licking my balls the whole time.

'Sluts!' I yell, 'Stack yourselves up, like this...' and I maneuver them one on top of the other in a sort of double-doggy position. Two sexy bitch's asses spread open before me to fuck; it's a dream come true for any man!

I get down and lick out all four of their fuck-holes. The girls are moaning as I lick their holes, and jerk my dick. I sniff the sexy smell of their assholes deeply as I lick their cunts, I practically burry my nose up their assholes. I lick and slap their gorgeous asses and the two friends giggle and moan in anticipation.

I fuck: Yana's cunt, then Yana's asshole, then Rebecca's cunt, then Rebecca's asshole, then back into Yana's cunt and continue the cycle. Finally it's one thrust up each hole and I'm switching continuously from hole to hole.

Once up Reb's asshole, she yells, 'Make me cum, stud!' so I fuck her good and hard up there, bringing her over the edge, her cunt gushing all over Yana's ass, asshole and pussy.

'Me too, John! Make me cum, too!' Yana yells, so I fuck her pussy good and hard making her cum and gush all over my dick and balls.

'Over here, beautiful fuck-dolls!' I exclaim, somewhat crazed by the excessive pleasure of the incredible fucking, and position them both on their knees before me on the bed so I can fuck their mouths.

I shove my cock up Yana's mouth and fuck her lips. 'Your mouth is my fucking cum-hole, babe!' I yell. Then I shove it up Reb's mouth and fuck her lips. 'Get ready for my fucking cum, you slut! You gorgeous fucking pussy-huge-tits-fuck-hole-shit-box-cock-taking little fuck-slut!' 

She seemed to relish my slightly ridiculous, deliriously horny dirty talk, and sucked my dick ever harder and faster. I reached down and grabbed onto her tits as she fucked my dick with her mouth. Yana reached around and slid a finger up my asshole as her girlfriend sucked my cock. I grabbed onto one of Yana's tits, so I had one of each of their tits in each of my hands.

I fucked Reb's mouth hard and fast, like it was her asshole... squeezed the girl's boobs, and finally shot a huge hot load down her throat. I pulled out and painted the sluts faces with more cum. I moved them down and slid my cumming dick once up Reb's asshole, then her pussy, then up Yana's asshole, then up her pussy. Then Yana took my spent dick into her mouth and lovingly sucked it off, making it stay hard.

We were all breathing heavily, Yana's lips still clamped around my cock-shaft.

'A nice hot shower?' Reb suggested cheerfully.

'What about a nice hot bath instead?' Yana suggested, pulling her mouth off of my cock to speak.

And Rebecca went over and turned on the hot tub.

'I have to admit, that's a helluva nice cock you've got there, John,' Reb says without irony.

'And I shall be more than happy to fuck you with it whenever you should so desire,' I reply showily, catching my breath.

The girls giggle and we all head over to the hot tub for some more sex before some well needed rest.