 I'm on the hunt. Our company, a large software manufacturer, is having the company Christmas party catered in the penthouse of the largest hotel downtown. Being a programmer, I don't get much contact with the lovely young women who flock to the sales and marketing sections of the company. I'm looking for one in particular - Trudy Glass, the marketing specialist attached to my product line.

Trudy is slim and petite, with long red hair that flies like a flag behind her as she strides - no, that's not it. Trudy canters. She wears these 3" and 4" black spaghetti strap FuckMe heels, which on her long slim legs reminds me of the way a young filly canters.

Trudy is convinced she doesn't have enough tits (she tells me she is a 34B+, just like her grades in school), so she is always using push-up bras and miracle bras and anything else, even half cup under wire bras, to make you look at her tits. She is, at least to me, the most sexual of our thousand+ employees.

I find her, at the drink table, hammering down glasses of punch, and eating the rum balls. Sometimes she takes two of them in her hands and licks them first, then laughs as she gobbles them down. I move to join her, as an arm yanks me back into the hallway. It is Dan, one of my team members, and the most seriously deranged little fucker I've ever known.

"Dude, stay away from the punch and the rum balls. I spiked them with TrippleSec." he warns me seriously.

"Oh FUCK! That means Trudy..." I exclaim.

"...is three quarters bombed already. You better give her a break before she falls to the floor and starts rubbing herself off in public." Dan warns.

"Too late." I tell him, noting that Trudy already has her leg up on the table, rubbing her cunt on the rubber bumper along the edge, about to knock over the whole table and make a terrible scene. I rush to her, gather her up in my arms, amazed at how light she is, how soft, how sweet she smells with her floral perfume.

"Mikey! Oh, I likey Mikey!" Trudy exclaims as I carry her swiftly down the hallway. I find the offices the hotel management uses, and carry her into the back. Dan follows us, for what reason I have no idea. I slide into the very back closet, putting Trudy back on her feet on what I discover is a small copy room. Trudy falls forward, catching herself on the top of the copier to turn sideways and look at me, half glazed. 

"I should have warned you about the rum balls and the punch. Dan spiked them, but I didn't know until you'd had too much." I offered gently.

"So now you're going to have your way with me here in the little closet?" she said, pushing out her chest while she wobbled in slow circles.

"I couldn't take advantage of you like that." I said softly.

"Oh, Fuck ME, I'm drunk." she exclaims loudly, as she grips the copier for support.

"Yes, you're drunk." I agree.

"NO, FUCK ME! I'm drunk!" Trudy yells loudly enough Dan comes in from the hallway.

"I can't take advantage of you like that." I said.

"I can." Dan said as he stepped into the room.

"Good! All of you fuck me!" Trudy says as she falls face first into the copier, losing the support of her arms to prop her up long enough for her to pull her panties down to her knees.

Dan slides his right hand in to diddle her slit while his left hand unzips his pants and starts wanking away. I stand there, frozen, unable to believe what I'm seeing. Trudy pushes back against his hand, eager for the contact.

"OH FUCK ME! I'm DRUNK! FUCK ME! I'm DRUNK!" she screams.

Dan, driven on by her cries, slams his cock into her so hard she crashes against the copier and they fall to the floor in a heap. He pulls her to her knees, his cock still inside her, and starts fucking her in fast strokes. Trudy pulls over a box of paper, then props herself on her elbows, to look up at me.

"Give me your cock, Mike." she says, suddenly lucid.

At this point I was so hard I could have broken the door down with my little mini-battering ram. So I tried one last time to save some dignity of how this conquest was obtained.

"Show me your magnificent tits, Trudy, and I'll do whatever you ask." I gave her my suggestion.

She unbuttons her frilly blouse, unclasps her front latching push-up bra, then pushes her chest out at me again, as her boobs thrash around from Dan's bashing her buns as he fucks her.

"All you have to do is ask. All you've EVER had to do was ask." she smiles at me, as she reaches out her hand. 

I unzip my pants, dropping trousers and briefs in a single shot. Her hand is stroking my cock, as Dan is grunting with each thrust. He isn't going to last much longer. Trudy pulls me by my cock, right into her hot mouth. She sucks me and strokes me frantically, trying to get me to cum. I don't have the heart to tell her I'd wanked off to the fantasy of her sucking me just before the party, so I'm not going to cum anytime soon. Dan hadn't, and his grunts into her pick up in intensity and force, slamming her against me so hard her mouth is driven to the base of my cock. She just digs her nails into my butt with both hands and holds my cock fully inside her as Dan's cock splashes her with his hot sticky cum.

"Oh, Fuck ME, I'm drunk. This means YOU, Mikey." Trudy says as she yanks Dan's still hard cock out of herself. I move around to fill her, as she guides Dan into her mouth to blow him hard again, or at least to clean him off. He leaves.

My cock sinks into the hottest, wettest cunt I've felt. She has little ridges inside, which try to milk the cum out of my balls. Far, far too soon, her sweet pussy is squeezing down on me as my balls start bouncing, pumping five, six, seven times to drain my sac of all my cum. I feel her pussy spasming around me as my last squirt flows into her. I reach up to fondle her eraser sized nipples, as we rock together in post coital bliss.

"Did someone say there was a party in here?" says Simon, our wiry geek from the team. He already has his boner in his hand, a thin but long little wanger.

"If that cock is stiff, you can fuck me with it. Fuck Me, I'm drunk!" Trudy exclaims to my shock and awe.

Dan has returned with the other five members of the coding team, Ben, James, Devon, Carl, and Simon.

Simon runs behind her, heedless of the spunk drooling out of her slot, thrusting into her. I've never seen him smile like he smiles as his cock slides into her.

"Carl! Fuck me! I'm drunk!" Trudy calls out to the largest member of our team, a black man from down south.

"Uh, hows that gonna work out?" Carl hesitates.

"Like this." Trudy replies, moving Simon over onto his back, resting up against the shelves that have all the messages for the whole hotel. She spits on his dick for extra lubrication, then squats, shoving his cock right into her ass!

"Fuck Me, Carl! I'm drunk!" Trudy cries out as her lewdly spread beaver gets rubbed out by her hand, Simon trying to get over being in her tight ass, trying to figure out some way to stroke into her.

Carl kneels down, sliding his thick black cock into her, as Trudy moans. Simon and Carl are both in her now, as Trudy takes them both with ease, even style.

"Oh, Fuck Me, I'm drunk! Gawd, my cock sucking mouth feels so empty. My hands should be stroking cocks, but they are empty too... Oh, Fuck Me! I'm drunk." Trudy cries out. 

Ben takes the hint, standing behind Carl like he's going to fuck him in the back of the head, then Carl ducks and Ben shoves his short, thick cock into Trudy's hot mouth. James and Devon took their positions on either side, being stroked off slowly, just enough to keep them hard, but never enough for them to cum.

Dan and I watch the scene unfolding before us with shock, disbelief, and awe at how hot Trudy really is in real life. I knew she was hot, but I had no idea she could handle a full-on gang bang!

"So what are you guys doing? Oh shit!" said Cameron, the V.P. of Marketing, who had followed Simon and crew down the hall.

Carl is really pumping Trudy now, his big black balls tight up against his body as the six of them moaned together. Carl's hips pump frantically, as Trudy's hips thrash in response. Simon is being bashed back against the message boxes, and messages are raining down like confetti. Carl's load is released, as Ben comes all over her face, splashing her with spunk on both ends. James slides down to fill her tight slot, as Devon moves to fill her mouth. Trudy motions to us with her hands, a come-hither motion of her fingers, as Cameron drops his pants, standing on her left side, as she strokes me on her right.

"So what's going on in here. Holy shit!" Lucy exclaims, the big bosomed brunette fuck-toy secretary for Cameron, who had followed him down the hall.

Dan grabs Lucy around the waist, his eyes glazed with lust as his hand goes up under her tight black leather skirt. She struggles for a moment, but his tight grip on her and the scene in front of her melt her resistance. Cameron strides over to her, pushing her down onto her knees, stuffing his cock into her mouth. It is obvious he's been there before, as Lucy's arms hang limp at her sides. Her head bobs back and forth on his shaft.

Trudy decides she doesn't like the lack of a cock in her left hand, so she moves Devon to one side, taking turns sucking him, then sucking me, stroking us with her hands. Dan is busy stripping off Lucy's blouse, then he can't figure out how to get her bra off, so he just grabs a pair of scissors and starts cutting it off. Lucy moves to protest, but Cameron grabs her long straight hair in both hands like reins, fucking her face as if he owned it.

Dan decides Lucy's leather shirt has to go, so the demented little fucker cuts it right up the side! Her frilly black lace panties meet the same end, as he cuts them off of each hip, then tosses them off towards the corner. He roughly shoves his fingers into her, to the point where tears are streaming down her face. Carl shoves him roughly up against the wall, they have words I can't hear from the blood pounding in my temples, and Dan turns to leave. Carl lays down underneath Lucy, licking beneath the landing strip of fur, into her seam. Her hips now circle, responding to the pleasure, as Cameron fucks her face. Lucy's smiling again.

James is grunting and thrusting, Devon is grunting and thrusting, I'm grunting and thrusting. Even Simon is grunting and thrusting, as it seems he has finally figured out how to fuck Trudy's ass. They are all cumming, but I can't. My balls are dry, and I pump and my temples throb, but I can't cum.

James, Devon, and Simon split. Cameron moves Lucy by the hair, pushing her down into Trudy's open crotch. Lucy begins licking Trudy, who I swear is vibrating from all the attention. Cameron takes his place on the other side of Trudy's face, which is moaning almost constantly now. We look out to see Carl stroking his big cock, staring at Lucy's wide spread butt. Her eyes pop open when he spits into her brown hole, but there is no escape for her, Cameron still has a fistful of her hair. Carl's tender touch soothes her, and she relaxes, as his hands finger her to a hip churning climax. He slides his huge black cock into her ass before she stops quivering, and her nipples get so hard I'm afraid they're going to pop right off her breasts. It looks like they are throbbing with every heartbeat, as Carl slowly, thoroughly, and diligently fucks her ass. Well, he was always good with details.

Carl slides his back against the other message boxes, pulling Lucy with him, spreading her legs wide in invitation. Cameron nods at me, and I shake my head. He laughs, dropping down to fill Lucy with his hard cock. Lucy's face is transfixed with bliss. It is clear she is in love with Cameron, and would do anything for him. I think her definition of anything - not to mention her asshole - got a little stretched tonight.

Trudy pulls me out of her mouth with a "pop", then throws me to the floor and mounts my pole for a slow grinding fuck. She whispers to me as she grinds herself atop me "Fuck Me, I'm sober. Anytime I'm sober. Just you, Mike." Then she climaxes around me, leading me to the big climax my body had saved, little on the liquid, but strong on the intensity and quivering scale.

The pace over at Lucy's end has slowed dramatically, as Carl's big hand is between Lucy and Cameron, fingering her to what seems to be almost constant climaxes. Cameron and Carl are grunting, filling her holes with their cum as we all enjoy just being inside each other.

"Holy shit you guys! It's three A.M. And security is doing a sweep of the building! You guys better get the fuck out of here!" Simon says, initiating a scramble for clothes. 

I look back at the closet, messages and torn panties strewn about, message racks fallen in on each other like dominoes. Gawddamn, do we know how to throw a party or what?