 After an hour of running, my feet are starting to drag. My muscles ache. My lungs burn. My clothes are soaked through from the light rain and the sweat that stubbornly refuses to evaporate in the humid September air. Less than a mile to go until I reach the gym, where I'll take a long shower to soothe my muscles and cleanse my skin.

To keep myself going, I imagine that I'm having sex with a beautiful woman and can't let her down. The generic beautiful woman in my mind quickly morphs into two -- Ellen and Vanessa, the yoga-pants-wearing MILFs who gave me the most amazing sexual experience of my life a few short weeks ago. I've hardly seen them since and our contact has been limited to brief nods and smiles as we drag our children in or out of preschool. Now, for the ten thousandth time since our liaison, I recall their naked bodies -- Vanessa's petite with small, pert breasts and a firm ass; Ellen's lean and athletic with large, soft breasts and a gently rounded ass. Both of them slick with sweat and panting. Vanessa's long, blond hair swaying against her arched back as she drives herself down onto my cock. Ellen's toned thighs trembling around my head as her pussy floods my mouth with its juices.

With my mind thus occupied, my exhaustion barely registers as I urge myself to the end of my route and enter the blessed coolness of the air conditioned gym. I head past the front desk and toward the locker room. A quick glance into a room off the main hallway, and I pause. There is a yoga class in progress and a dozen women bend toward the floor in downward facing dog pose. A dozen pairs of yoga pants cling snugly to the alluring contours of a dozen asses. I start to avert my eyes before I get caught leering, but a brown-haired woman turns her head, her lips curving into a smile as her blue eyes lock onto mine. Startled, I realize the woman is Ellen and the blonde next to her is Vanessa. Ellen looks away quickly, but I know I didn't imagine the lust simmering between us in that brief moment of eye contact.

A group of older men squeeze past me as they exit the locker room and my reverie is broken. Taking a deep breath, I enter the locker room, undress, and step around the corner into the shower area. Four showerheads are mounted on the tiled wall with no curtains or barriers between them. I choose the farthest from the entrance and turn it on, standing back to allow the water to warm up. No one else is here at the moment -- mid-morning on a weekday is not a popular time to use the gym, especially for men -- but I still don't dare take myself in hand and relieve the sexual tension that grips me. 

The warm water on my sore muscles is heaven. I scrub myself thoroughly, sloughing away the sweat and grime of my morning routine. I revel in how fresh my skin feels as the evidence of my body's recent exertions washes down the drain.

I hear footsteps padding on the tile and the showerhead next to mine spurts to life. Although it's odd that the newcomer chose the shower beside me instead of following social convention and leaving the maximum available amount of space between us, I don't look up as I rinse off the last of the soap. My hand freezes on its way toward the handle when I hear a woman's voice.

"Did you lock the door, Ellen?"

Slowly, I turn my head to see Vanessa smiling at me. She is naked and the water from the showerhead forms tiny rivulets that coalesce at the tips into rounded droplets as they trace their way over the slim curves of her body. Unable to resist, I step forward and lick a bead of water from one dewdrop nipple. She sighs in response.

"I did," says Ellen, coming up from behind and wrapping her arms around Vanessa's waist. She is also naked, also wet. Her short brown hair is plastered to her cheeks and neck. "And I put up the Closed for Maintenance sign. No one's going to interrupt us."

"I didn't know you two did yoga here," I say stupidly.

They look at each other and giggle. "This is our first time here," Vanessa explains. "We heard it's where you go in the mornings."

I grin. "So I take it this is no coincidence?"

"Hardly." Vanessa winks.

Looking at Vanessa, I note that the nipple I licked a moment ago is visibly stiffer than the other. I lean closer and remedy the imbalance, circling my tongue around the areola of her other breast, then taking her nipple gently into my mouth. The salty taste of her is intoxicating.

"Not yet," Ellen chides, smiling and pulling Vanessa a few inches back. "We've been working out and we're sweaty and sticky. We need to wash up first. Want to help us?"

"Happy to oblige," I say. I squirt some soap into my palm from the dispenser on the wall and rub my hands across Ellen's chest in wide circles, working up a thick lather. One hand moves down to soap her belly while the other lingers at her breasts, fingers glancing teasingly over her nipples with every long, slow sweep back and forth. She bites her lower lip and sighs.

Vanessa soaps up her own hands and moves behind Ellen to wash her back. Ellen's breath quickens as Vanessa and I caress her on opposite sides. Vanessa drops lower and massages Ellen's ass, squeezing firmly. By the time Vanessa kneels to run soapy hands up and down the outsides of Ellen's shapely legs, I have given up any pretense of washing her and am rolling her nipples between my fingers, alternately pinching and stroking according to the changes in her breath and her soft moans. I take her bottom lip between my lips and suck gently, nip lightly, probe her mouth with my tongue until she grants me entry and we kiss deeply. She moans loudly against my mouth and I open my eyes to see Vanessa kneeling between her legs with her fingers moving vigorously around Ellen's clit and her tongue lapping eagerly at Ellen's pussy. Ellen's legs almost buckle, but I hold her firmly in place as I lick and nibble a path down her neck. With Vanessa's mouth on Ellen's pussy and fingers on her clit, with my fingers working her taut nipples and my mouth on her neck, it's not long before Ellen is lost to pleasure. Her eyes drift closed and her hand reaches out to stroke my cock almost absent-mindedly as her moans grow louder and faster. Her orgasm is strong and sudden, her whole body quaking as she throws back her head and shouts.

Vanessa starts to rise when Ellen quiets, but Ellen turns and pushes her back to her knees.

"That was fantastic, Vanessa," Ellen says. "You deserve a real treat after that."

Grinning, Vanessa crawls forward and grasps my cock. "Is this my treat?" she asks. Her dark eyes twinkle into mine while she rubs my shaft and licks her lips in anticipation.

"Yes, but not like that," Ellen says. Ellen lies on her back, atop cool tile and under warm water, and directs Vanessa to get on all fours on top of her in a 69 position. Vanessa looks at me invitingly and wiggles her ass before once again diving face first into Ellen's pussy. I kneel behind Vanessa and Ellen reaches up to grip my cock at the base and guide it into Vanessa's slick pussy. I push into her, groaning at the pleasure of her tight heat around me. While I fuck Vanessa, Ellen licks us both, her tongue circling Vanessa's clit each time my cock plunges into her pussy and swirling around my shaft each time it emerges. The dual pleasure of pussy and tongue is so intense that I am soon fighting for control.

I can tell that Vanessa is similarly affected, her thrusts back onto my cock growing more frantic as she writhes on Ellen's face. Both women are moaning and gasping against each other's pussies. Vanessa cums first, her screams muffled between Ellen's legs, and Ellen soon follows. Even as Ellen's eyes roll back in ecstasy, her mouth never stops moving on Vanessa's clit and my cock. I'm fucking Vanessa hard, my self-control hanging by a thread, and Vanessa shudders in the throes of another orgasm. With my dick and Ellen's tongue pleasuring her simultaneously, she continues to cum, over and over, each wave subsiding only for another to build almost immediately. Her pussy clenches rhythmically around my cock, tightening and releasing again and again as I pound into her and slide out onto Ellen's warm, wet tongue. My surroundings dim, my focus narrowing to a pinpoint of pure pleasure, building to impossible intensity and then bursting. I pump my load into Vanessa's pussy, but before I've finished emptying my balls, Ellen pulls my spasming cock out of Vanessa and into her own mouth, gulping down the final spurts with a suction that extends the peak of my pleasure. I stagger slightly when she releases me, but she's not finished with Vanessa yet. Ellen's eyes meet mine mischievously and she shifts her mouth back to Vanessa's pussy to lap up my cum. Her tongue works ravenously, plunging inside to scrape out every last drop, and Vanessa wails and pumps her hips in the throes of yet another orgasm.

When Ellen has eaten her fill of our mingled fluids, she sits up and supports Vanessa's shuddering body with her head in Ellen's lap. Ellen strokes Vanessa's hair and murmurs to her soothingly. Still shaky myself, I sit beside Ellen with my back against the wall. Ellen turns her head and kisses me lazily, laving my lips with her tongue, warm and wet and delicious with my cum and Vanessa's juices. Ellen's hand trails down my torso, pinching lightly at my nipples, tracing the outline of my rib cage on each side. I fondle her breasts, thumbing at her nipples until her back arches and she whimpers against my mouth.

Vanessa raises her head from Ellen's lap and inches forward. "Ellen did a great job cleaning me up," she says, "but you still need a nice thorough cleaning."

For a moment I think she means a shower, but then she takes my flaccid cock in her hand and licks slowly, methodically covering every inch with her tongue. Ellen urges me to a standing position and Vanessa keeps her mouth on my cock as she rises with me, coming to her knees in front of me. Ellen nudges me forward to allow her room to kneel behind me, then presses her hands between my thighs, spreading them open slightly. Her hands grasp my butt cheeks and massage firmly. Vanessa shifts her mouth to my balls while her hand gently squeezes my cock. As I begin to swell once again under her touch, Ellen's soft, exploring tongue probes between my buttocks, teasing up and down the crack before she concentrates her efforts on my asshole, tracing circles around it. Under the insistent ministrations of their two tongues, one rimming my asshole and one slurping my sack, I am soon fully aroused again.

"Ellen," Vanessa says without lifting her head, "come around here with me."

Ellen complies, kneeling next to Vanessa in front of me. The two women exchange a brief kiss before Vanessa's mouth returns to my scrotum and Ellen's engulfs my cock, sucking in a steady rhythm while her skillful, slippery tongue skims around the head. The sight of their heads bent together under the streaming water as they work me, the wet squelching sounds their busy mouths make on my cock and balls, draw a low moan from deep in my throat. I curl one of my fists in each woman's hair and thrust in and out of Ellen's mouth, until she moves off my cock with a pop. 

"Fuck my pussy," she whispers huskily, turning her back and bending over with her hands against the wall. Vanessa's hands spread Ellen's buttocks, giving me a view of her slick, inviting pussy. Too inflamed with desire to manage finesse, I shove into her and hammer fiercely, giving myself over to sensation, until Vanessa's hand wraps tightly around the base of my cock to arrest my motion. I look down at her and she looks back up lasciviously, licking her lips with my cock in her grip. I know what she wants and I slide my cock out of Ellen's pussy and into Vanessa's sweet, waiting mouth. She devours me, drawing me into the silky depths of her throat while her tongue swirls and strokes. She moans and hums with relish at the taste of Ellen's pussy, and the vibrations pulsing through my cock are electric. My breath quickens, my pulse rises, and then her mouth releases me. My groan of frustration is momentary, however, as she soon guides my cock back into Ellen's swollen folds. Once again I plunge into her hard and deep, feeling her tight inner walls clench around my cock in ecstatic welcome. Vanessa stands to kiss me, driving her tongue into my mouth as I drive my cock into Ellen, matching our sensuous rhythm. I moan into her mouth, so close to release, but she kneels once again to delay my climax with a firm hand squeezing the base of my cock and pulling me free of Ellen's intoxicating warmth. I think I might explode instantly when Vanessa's lips envelop me again, but her mouth stills, holding me just short of that golden edge for an eternity as her tongue plays with a delicacy both exquisite and maddening over the veins and ridges of my cock. Just as I slide back from the precipice, she guides me back into Ellen's pussy where I pound with abandon once more. 

Vanessa watches my face, the pulse at my neck, the rise and fall of my chest, with an expert's eye. Her ability to gauge the imminence of my orgasm and deny me just a moment short is uncanny. Again and again she yanks me from Ellen's raw, pulsating pussy and into her own softly tantalizing mouth, bringing me down from the peak and building me back up until I'm shuddering at the sublime torture of it. I've lost all sense of time and it could be hours or minutes later that she relinquishes me to Ellen's pussy a final time and, instead of watching my body's reactions, moves behind me and parts my ass cheeks to push a finger into my tight opening. I freeze momentarily in surprise, but then continue thrusting as her finger explores gently. When she prods a spot that makes me tense and gasp, she massages there with gentle pressure. I lose all semblance of control, shouting incoherently and pumping wildly into Ellen's consuming wetness until orgasm thunders through me in a violent frenzy of sensation, every nerve ending doused in waves of flame. My cock pulses and spurts inside Ellen again and again, filling her with my seed.

My legs trembling, I sink to the floor and lean back against the cool tile wall as my vision slowly clears. When my breathing is almost back to normal, Vanessa extends a hand to help me to my feet. The three of us stand under the shower spray. The water has been on for so long now that it is tepid, serving perfectly to cool the heated blood beneath our sweat-soaked skin. We rinse the evidence of our tryst down the drain, soap and water swirling together as we work the suds over one another. Our touch is languid and unhurried now that the urgency of lust has subsided.

"That worked out well," Vanessa murmurs as the three of us, now freshly clean and dressed, make our way down the hallway.

"We'll have to do it again soon," Ellen agrees. "Yoga meets here every Wednesday."