 In the previous Chapter, Michalis and Thomas decided to deceive the Tax Collector. Their plan was to present TC a virgin young woman who would pose as a prostitute. Of all the friends and acquaintances of their social circles, Michalis and Thomas chose Sofi, an inexperienced nineteen year old girl to ask for her aid. Michalis met Sofi, told her their situation and their plan, and she accepted her temporary role. Michalis then got a fake prostitute license and on his way to the meeting, he became vaguely horny and went to see Sarah, a prostitute that gave him a very nice blowjob the other day. This time, they had sex and it was a very sensual experience, one that made Michalis lose track of time and realize that he would be late on their meeting. 

You Bet! Ch.3 -- by Charkas 

At the tripe shop, Thomas and Sofi waited impatiently for Michalis to arrive and give Sofi the license. The time neared five thirty. 

"Where is that guy?" Michalis fretted. "TC is about to arrive!" 

Half past five. The door opened. And in came. . . 

"Oh no," Thomas panicked, "too late!" 

. . . Michalis. 

Thomas exhaled in relieve. "Hey! What took you so long?" 

"Ehh. . ." Michalis' eyes rolled down and right as he recalled his experience with Sarah. 

Thomas' facial expression tightened up and his face became red as he realized that Michalis switched to Homo Neandertalis mode again. But he didn't say anything, he had more important things to worry about. "Did you get the license?" he eventually inquired. 

"Yeah, sure." Michalis said and by reaching the inside of his jacket, he presented an envelope and gave to Sofi. 

Sofi snatched the envelope, opened it and noticed the ID card inside. "Is this what I think it is?" 

"Yes," Michalis confirmed. "Did you bring the passport photos?" 

Sofi nodded "Yes, they are here with me." 

"Okay," Michalis instructed, "now glue them carefully on the blank ID square." 

Sofi did so thoroughly and carefully and then she went to the dressing room to prepare her appearance as a prostitute. 

Michalis and Thomas waited for TC to arrive. The time was nearly twenty to six. 

"Think he won't come?" Thomas asked. 

"Nah," Michalis replied, "tax agents always com—" 

"Gling -- gling!" the doorbell rang. 

"We're open!" announced Thomas cheerily. 

Opening the door and making an aggressive step forward, TC got in. "Well, if it isn't the two cowboys!" TC grinned sardonically. "So what's on the menu today?" 

"Fresh meat!" Michalis replied. 

The Tax Collector shrugged "Fine then." In the position he stood, between the opened door and the wall, the lighting of the shop mixed with the shade cast from the door, made his facial expression look abnormal, vile and diabolic "So, until the main course arrives, meaning the girl that you claim is a prostitute, I'd like to eat here for one last time, before this shop closes forever. Ha -- ha -- ha!" 

"Are you sure you want that?" Thomas asked. "How do you know that we won't poison you?" 

TC grabbed the table in front of him from the side edges and leaned forward, holding his position. Glaze -- eyed and with a frowning eyebrow, he threatened "Don't worry, I've taken measures. I have informed a buddy of mine in the agency what you're doing up here. If something happens to me, you'll be accused of murder." 

"Okay then," Thomas maintained the sarcasm in his voice. "So what would you have then monsieur?" 

"One kilo cocorechi*." 

*Cocorechi = A national Greek dish made of sticking lamb intestines, liver, spleen and lungs on a metal skewer, wrapping them up with lamb bowel and grilling them by rotating the skewer under fire. The dish is mostly served during Easter, and it is at those times that the famous movie, 'The Silence of the Lambs', is played most frequently on the Greek TV. 

"Coming right up!" Thomas exclaimed and went to the kitchen, prepared the dish and brought it to TCs' table. 

Grabbing the fork, TC attacked the cocorechi with an insatiable appetite. Adopting an almost theatrical gesture as a finishing signal, he elegantly took the handkerchief accompanied with his meal and with a dexterous and soft swipe, he removed the oil from his greasy lips "I'm done," he announced, "now show me your little slut." 

"Of course." Thomas said. "Tina! Come in dear!" 

Sofi got out of the dressing room and into the dining area. She wore a very short mini skirt that made her thin but well -- formed legs visible, that piece of clothing being so short that it could barely hide her red string. On the upper part of her body, her leather jacket remained unbuttoned, leaving her red bra and soft skin in plain sight. She kept her brown curly hair wild and chewed a gum. 

Michalis and Thomas completely lost it. Was that the same girl they talked to before? 

The Tax Collector however retained his control "And you're supposed to be a virgin?" he laughed out loud. 

"Yes I am!" Sofi confronted TC, face to face. "Why, you got a problem old man?" 

"No, I don't. . ." TC replied perplexed by her sudden aggression. "So you claim that you are both a virgin and a prostitute?" 

Sofi smiled with glazing eyes. "Yup -- yup, those two I am!" 

"Fine." TC nodded. "Prove it to me then that you are a virgin. For the prostitute part I've made up my mind." 

"And what's your price mister?" Sofi demanded to everybody's surprise. 

"A real model of self -- control!" Michalis thought excited. "Other girls, even those with great acting skills would have panicked by now. I'm impressed!" 

"Eh, how much do you want?" TC languidly worded after recomposing himself from the blow. 

Sofi continued her amazing acting "That'll be fifty euros honey." 

TC lost his temper momentarily and the blood in his veins painted his face crimson red. Yet, just before speaking, he managed to dominate his impulses again. "It's okay, I'll pay." he shrugged. "Either way, I'll take them back on the double later. And to be honest, it's not a bad idea to shove a dick every now and then." 

Obviously the Tax Collector thought that he would fuck Sofi. However, she had other plans in mind. 

Forming a half serious smile, she sneered "And who told you that I'm gonna let YOU fuck me? I don't want to lose my virginity. You'll only see my pussy! Got it you fail of a pirate?" 

TC snapped "Fifty euros just to see your cunt, you little. . . cunt? I think I'll toss a rock to your empty head. You'll see then how it feels to be fucked for the first time!" 

"Was that how they fucked you on your first time too, you dingle -- ass baboon?" she laughed at him. 

"You really got some nerve you little brat!" TC pouted indignantly. Suddenly, his eyes sparkled with a shine of madness. He reached his pocket and everybody thought that he would indeed grab a rock and throw it at Sofi's face. But that didn't happen. 

Extending out his hand towards Sofi, the Tax Collector opened his palm and a fresh printed fifty euro bill presented itself. "Take it!" he groaned and slammed the bill to her already stretched out to receive palm. "And now show me your virginity." 

Complying to what TC requested, Sofi began to undress. She removed her leather jacket, followed by her mini skirt. Then she took off her red string, revealing to everybody her nudity. Her pubic hair, even though trimmed, retained a brownish texture. Her ass was cute and extremely tight. 

Needless to say that every living organism become horny with that sight. Including bacteria, viruses and other little fellows that always accompany us on our environment. But let's stick with the humans in the room. 

Due to his average sized cock, Michalis could hide himself from embarrassment, and TC, sitting at the table didn't have any problems either. Thomas on the other hand found it impossible to cover his huge bulging club from his pants. 

Yes, Thomas had a very big cock, a lot longer and thicker than the average person. If Michalis had an uzi gun, Thomas had a bazooka; only a few shots, but very destructive in damage. 

Sofi sat on top of the table, opened her legs and spread her pussy for TC to see. "Come," she mocked him, "take a closer look at me!" 

Leaning forward, TC began to inspect Sofi's pubic area. 

Michalis and Thomas leaned sideways to get a sneak peek. 

"Is there anything more palatable than having something like this on your plate?" Michalis whispered to Thomas. 

Thomas responded excited and with a relatively loud voice "Yes, Sofi's pussy with a one kilo cocorechi!" 

Momentarily becoming disrupted from her task at hand, that was, to keep her legs spread out, Sofi glanced curiously at Thomas, raised her eyebrows puzzled and then returned to her previous activity. 

"Shush!" Michalis abruptly said feeling embarrassed. 

After a minute or so, TC leaned backwards to the back of his chair. Oh, wait. His chair had no back and he fell flat to the ground making a stomping sound. Thump! He stood up and sat again, a bit dizzy and ready to make his verdict, even though his sad expression betrayed him. "She is indeed a virgin!" he admitted, unable to grasp it. "But how is this possible?" 

"Well, she is!" boasted Thomas and then added "Which simply means that we've won. Now get your mangy butt out of my restaurant!" 

"But . . ." 

"Butt my ass!" Thomas laughed. "You made your bet and lost. Time to honour that agreement!" 

TC smiled sinisterly. "To hell if I do." he hissed and laughed scornfully. "I'll report you still." 

To the Tax Collector's bewilderment, Thomas returned the smile. "I expected you would do something so low— " 

"I knew it," Michalis thought astonished, "Thomas must have finally overcome his naivety!" 

"That's why I prepared for you a surprise!" Thomas finished his sentence. 

"What kind of surprise?" the Tax Collector inquired curious. 

Thomas pointed the corner of the wall with his finger. "Look up there!" 

A camera was placed at the far corner of the concrete wall, aiming at the table TC sat on. At that moment, Sofi had left the table and was already dressing. 

"This entire interaction between us today has been recorded!" Thomas jabbed. "I call this recipe, 'finely chopped taxed tripe.' If you don't honour our agreement, then this delightful dish is going to become very popular in the Greek cook book. Going international is also a good idea, who knows?" 

The Tax Collector laughed "You got me you maggots!" and then admitted, still astonished "There really exists a virgin prostitute!" 

"Exactly," Thomas said triumphantly, "if it weren't for our Sofi!" 

Michalis tried to stare indifferently towards the ceiling. He couldn't help but think "Oh, shoot, he got sloppy." 

"How did you call her?" TC demanded to know. 

Thomas attempted to correct his mistake "Ehh . . Tina!" 

"Don't give me that." TC spat. "You called her Sofi, I'm not deaf!" He stared at Sofi and derided "Why don't you come over here again . . . Tina?" 

Sofi approached. "What is it again?" 

"I want to see your sexual worker license." TC requested. 

Reaching her license out of an inner pocket of her jacket, Sofi gave it to him. 

TC grabbed the license and scanned it thoroughly. "Haha!" he laughed. "You messed up. I don't know how you managed to find a license ID, but the stamp doesn't go over to the photo area. So, it's obvious that it's a fake! Nobody would ever place a stamp in a license with no photo in the ID. I know the people of that department, they are not that irresponsible!" 

"Fuck." Michalis thought. "In all my haste, that was the only thing I overlooked. Dammit." 

"Anyway," TC concluded, "you lost the bet! Now this business is going to close." 

"I don't think so!" Sofi intervened, who passively observed their conversation all that time. 

"And why is that?" TC asked. 

"When I met with Michalis earlier, he told me what the definition of a prostitute is. A prostitute is a woman, willing to give sexual services in exchange for something non sexual, material or not." 

"I don't know where you're getting at." TC said. 

"Yes," Michalis agreed, "why do you bring that up Sofi?" 

Sofi explained calmly "I am willing to have sex with you TC, and in exchange, I'm asking that you oversee Thomas' debt and go. And by saying that, by definition I am a prostitute." 

"Hmm, you have a point." Thomas acknowledged. 

"Additionally," she continued, "on your bet with Thomas, you asked him to find a prostitute near the red district area, isn't that so?" 

"I did that." TC unwillingly admitted. 

"I live just two blocks away, my apartment is near the red light district," Sofi stated, "you never mentioned if that prostitute had to be a legal one or not." 

"That's right!" Michalis gushed energized by that realization. "Sofi is indeed the virgin prostitute Thomas. We've won!" 

TC said nothing. Everything seemed as if he had lost. But suddenly, his eyes sparkled and he smiled with renewed maliciousness. "Why don't you tell me Sofi," he addressed her, "you said you were willing to have sex with me, didn't you?" 

"Well, I . . ." Sofi lost her words. 

"Aha!" TC shouted. "So you're not really willing to give your body to me! Therefore, you're not a real prostitute, so I win the bet!" 

"No!" Sofi snapped back decisively. "I'll do it. For Thomas." 

"Sofi, I'd rather you didn't sacrifice your purity for me!" Thomas intervened. "Virginity is something sacred for a girl. I wouldn't want for you to have such a memory for your first time." 

"But I do." Sofi insisted. "It's an honour my first time to have such an altruistic impact, to save a friend." 

"Alright then!" TC rubbed his hands. "So get naked you slut -- that -- is -- not -- really -- a -- slut. If you dare." 

Getting herself naked for the second time, Sofis' tight and tender pussy appeared ready to get fucked for the first time. Everything around her got horny, even non -- living objects; spoons, forks, knives, everything started to float in the air. The only thing that followed the opposite direction, was the Tax Collectors' pants, making a blunt sound as they hit the ground. 

Sofi sat on the table, spreading her legs open. TC approached, however, he seemed hesitant, almost as if he was the virgin. 

"What's wrong?" Sofi mocked him. "Scared of a little pussy?" 

TC indeed felt scared. If he didn't fuck her, he would lose the bet, and he hated to lose. If on the other hand he stuck his dick inside, it would mean that Sofi was true to her word, so she would have been the real virgin prostitute, therefore he would lose the bet again. The only way he could win was to scare Sofi off and make her quit. 

"I'm going to tear your vagina to shreds you little sl. . . virgin!" 

She lay on the table "Come on asshole, I'm waiting. Let's see what you've got." 

"Have you got any idea how painful the first time can be? I'm gonna hurt you so much that you'll beg me to stop!" 

"Only words and no deeds old man." Sofi huffed in disapproval. "Was that why you became an authority? To compensate?" 

Getting closer to Sofi, the Tax Collector took his offended cock out of his slipper and began rubbing his edge with her clit nervously. 

Sofi became excited initially but TC took a long time to progress so she got bored "Are you going to put it in already?" she huffed again. "You've impregnated me with your gabbling!" 

"When I'm through with you, you cum dumpster, you will have lost a bucket of blood and will need twenty stiches up your vagina. You'll never be able to get a child ever!" 

"Quit talking and get into action dickwad." 

TC began to insert his cock millimetre by millimetre to Sofi's pussy to make her retreat. However, instead of running away, she pushed her waist closer to TC's prick. At that time, TC realized that in no way could he make her fear him and he tried to get it out as fast as he could. But, it was too late; before he could finish his action, Sofi grabbed him with her legs from the waist and pulled him close to her. His dick slid inside her wet vagina and she shouted a moan of pleasure. 

"You lost!" she giggled aroused. 

"No!" TC shouted. "Fuck!" 

"Yeah, you're fucking my pussy now you jerk, fancy it?" Sofi asked TC. 

At that point, the Tax Collector began to move back and forth unwillingly "Nooo!" 

"Hey, but you guys can't wait to fuck, and now that you get fresh pussy, you don't want it? What are you, gay?" 

"Noooo!" TC yelled as he shoved himself deeper in her vagina and to defeat. 

"Some people are slackers and others are fuckers. Now, I'm a slacker, but you're a sucker!" 

With a final pull of her waist, Sofi reached a climax, making TC orgasm in despair. He completely lost with his completion. 

*** 

TC got his softened cock out. Covered with his own cum and blood from the loss of Sofis' virginity, both he and his dick looked pathetic. 

"What's wrong?" Michalis didn't even try to hide his evil grin. "Was that very taxing for you?" 

The Tax Collector started crying like a baby. "Boo -- hoo -- hoo," he sobbed, "that was the worst fuck of my life! Boo -- hoo -- hoo." 

Thomas pointed at the camera and stared at the Tax Collector menacingly "And there's more to come if you don't leave now. Beat it! Get lost! Skedaddle!" 

TC stumbled to the door of the shop utterly trounced, his pants still down and his dick hanging loose, similarly to a rubber band. "Boo -- hoo -- hoo! I'll do you for that, you'll see!" 

But, Michalis had the last word "Yeah, don't forget to take a tax -- i on your way home!" 

"Boo -- hoo -- h . . ." the door slammed and TC disappeared. 

They've finally made it. Making the impossible possible, Thomas, Michalis and Sofi managed to keep Thomas' business from closing. Now Thomas could finally relax. 

"All is well that ends well." Michalis concluded. 

"From what it seems. . ." Thomas agreed. "But surely, the award tonight goes to Sofi! Seriously, how could you stay so calm during all this turmoil?" 

"Yes," Michalis gushed, "please do tell us! We are really keen to know!" 

Sofi kept whipping off her pubic area with diligent and precise moves, similar to those of a violin player "It's very simple guys, I've had sex before." 

"Whaat?" yelled Michalis and Thomas in unison, being more perplexed than ever. 

"Yes, I really have!" she giggled and added "You see, I have a secret that few men know." 

"And that is?" Michalis asked. 

"My hymen is extremely elastic and doesn't break during intercourse." 

"Can that really happen?" Michalis wondered. 

"Not so often," Sofi replied, "but it's the reality for some of us. . ." 

"And what about the blood?" Thomas requested. "How can you explain that?" 

"That was tomato sauce, also known as ketchup, my innocent friend!" she told him smiling and then put on her regular clothes, a full body white dress with black stripes. 

"And I thought that you hadn't been with a man before." Michalis murmured. "I wonder what else we should expect from you." 

Sofi hang her purse on her shoulder and prepared to leave. Then, just before she opened the door, a small piece of paper slipped from the top of the purse and fell on the ground. 

Michalis made an attempt to pick it up and give it to her, but she hastily reached and snatched it first, hiding it from their sight. 

"What's that paper Sofi?" Thomas asked suspiciously. 

"It's nothing." Sofi blushed. "Mind your own business!" 

Michalis held a penetrating authoritative gaze "Are you sure it's nothing?" 

She bent her head downwards shyly "Alright, I admit it. The paper on the ground was my license." 

"Your license for what?" Thomas asked. 

"I work as a sexual worker in one of the brothels over there. I also do visits." 

"You do whaaat?" both of them shouted their jaws dropping. 
