 The girls seem to love the three of us living together and spending the nights in one king size bed. For me there has been times I had to go to the guest room to get some sleep and rest, just so I could function the next day at work. Even my foreman has asked if I was sleeping properly cause I was looking a little drawn and wore out, he even said I need to take some time off.

I guess he's right but if I do take time off I would be with the girls and unless I turn their minds off me and on to each other I still wouldn't get the rest I need.

I asked the girls if they would like to spend the long weekend in Vegas and they both jump on me kissing me saying they would love it. So I booked a flight and a single room with a king size bed. The next day when I got home the girls were packed and ready, I couldn't believe my eyes cause all they had was one small carry on bag for they both of them.

I said to Tara "That's it, only one bag for three days? What did you pack a pair of panties each?

Lori laughed and said "No we both even our bikinis and our nighties, do we need anything more than that?"

Tara pointed to a larger bag at the top of the stairs saying "Just in case we leave the room to go eat or a show or maybe dancing." as she moved her hips in a very sexy way.

I thought if she does that on the dance floor there will be a room full of erections and who knows where that will lead to.

I have been trying to stay out of their minds and let life take a more normal course, is that's even possible anymore.

It turned out the girls had packed for me and wanted to get to the airport early. They both were excited and acting like a pair of school girls.

We no sooner backed out of the driveway and Tara had my zipper down with my cock out and in her mouth. Lori sat back saying "Tara has all the fun."

At the first stop light a car with a young couple pulled up beside us and the guy driving pointed out what Tara was doing and his girlfriend give us a thumbs up.

Maybe after halfway to the airport I had to pull over cause I was about to cum and we didn't need to wipe the car out. I put my hand on Tara's head pushing her all the way down and she cupped my balls in her hand just as I was about to shoot off. Lori yelled "Save some for me Tara, don't swallow it all."

I let up on Tara's head and started filling her mouth. Tara has become a expert at giving head well both are very good at it to tell the truth, but Tara didn't swallow a drop or spill a drop either. When I was done coming Tara lifted up turning to Lori sharing what I had just give her. 

I watched as the girls shared my cum by kissing each other and I felt like going back home and just spending the weekend in bed with them.

Once I was back inside my pants and the girls finish sharing we drove the rest of the way to the airport. Once parked and inside we got a bite to eat as we waited for out flight to load. 

I watched a guy in his mid 40s stare at Lori who was sitting across from him and that's when I notice she what she was doing with her legs. As she sat there she waved her legs open and close like a impatient little girl wanting to get going. The old guy had quite a tent growing in his pants when his wife showed up and had him by the ear pulling him away after she seen what was going on. I almost burst out laughing but held it in.

I bent to Tara and said "Did Lori forget to put on any panties?" 

Tara said "No silly we both weren't wearing any panties."

I understood they both were ready to show off at any point and I was ready getting jealous looks from some of the guys walking by and more than a few dirty looks from mostly the married women.

Once in Vegas we got a limo to the hotel and went to check in. Behind the counter was one of the sexist brown hair beauties I have ever seen in my life.

I told her my name and she said "Oh yes we have your room ready, lets see one large room with a single king size bed. Is that right cause I see 3 of you, do you need a rollaway bed as well?"

I looked at her and said "No one bed is all we require." and Lori piped up saying "We like to sleep together, and I'm sure we could make room for you too, if you wanted?"

I saw her name tag said Karen and she had turned from a light olive color to a blushing pink. Tara said "Lori behave yourself, she may not be into that kind of thing but it sure would be fun thou."

Poor Karen turned even a darker shade of pink. She looked at each of us in turn then wrote something on a card handing it to Lori.

It read I'm off at 9 can I bring a friend with me? Lori said "The more the merrier."

We got settled in our room and we went down stairs to play a few one arm bandits and wouldn't you know it, not only did Lori pick up a beauty but she won a jackpot for 12 grand as well.

We had a lite bit to eat and a couple drinks before heading back to our room to see if Karen would show up. I wondered if her friend was female or male cause having 4 females just may kill me.

At 9:30 there was a light knock on the door and there stood Karen with some guy right out of a fashion magazine. Ok I'm in good shape but this guy is perfect and I'm not into guys at all, but dam.

Lori didn't even seem to see the guy but had her tongue half way down Karen's throat, Tara on the other hand had Jim as it turned out headed for the bed. I felt like the forgotten man.

Lori was all over her new found play thing and Tara was already naked to the waist and pulling Jim's mouth to her hard nipple as she rubbed the front of his pants.

I decided to sit back and watch the action as Lori and Tara acted like 2 women in heat. Lori was already naked and had Karen down to her tiny panties, fuck she has very nice tits a B cup I would say and as firm as they can get. Her nipples were sticking out a good half inch and it was all I could do not to go over and suck on them.

I looked back at Tara and she was on her knees working at getting what looks to be a foot long down her throat. I knew there are guys hung like this but I have ever seen one before, it kind of made me feel small.

I got undressed and Lori had Karen naked and on her back on the bed kissing and sucking every part of Karen's body she could get to. When she went between Karen's legs Karen had her first orgasm. 

I watched as Karen held Lori's mouth to her mostly shaved pussy as she humped Lori's face. Tara told me that Lori is great at eating pussy and I guess she's must be right by the way Karen was getting off. 

I looked back at Tara and she was on the bed as well doing a 69er with Jim and Tara had him all the way down her throat, good girl I thought I'm proud of you.

Lori not to be out done was now sitting her wet pussy down on Karen's mouth and more important tongue. It was only seconds and Lori was coming hard on Karen's tongue.

Tara turned around and was working her pussy down on Jim's huge cock and said to me "Fuck he's huge, honey can you believe he's going in me?" as she sat straight up pushing down taking all of him in her pussy and letting out a "HO GOD"

I walked around looking at Lori eating Karen out and then at Karen who had fingers up Lori pussy and ass at the same time. Karen looked at me and said "Fuck her as I eat her, fuck her hard."

Well it sounded good to me and as I was just about to push inside Lori Karen grabbed me pulling me into her mouth. Dam that girl can suck, she sucked so hard it almost hurt but in a good way. She pulled me out and placed me at Lori's opening saying "Fuck her."

Tara was screaming that she was coming and I started to laugh thinking poor Jim hasn't said a single word yet and is get the life fucked out of him. What a way to go. 

Lori started coming and with Karen at her clit and me fucking her she squirted when she came. Karen said "She tastes like candy she's so sweet." before going back to Lori's clit.

I pulled out before I came wanted to try the new pussy in front of me. I said to Lori "Get on the bottom so I can fuck Karen."

Lori was up and pulling Karen on top of her in a flash and Karen said "In my ass, I want you to fuck my ass hard."

Well I don't mind doing requests and wiped the cum coming out of Karen on her cute looking little rose bud and then pushed in a very tight pussy of hers to get myself lubed up before I fucked her ass. I pushed one then two fingers in her ass opening her up first. Karen start fucking me hard as she came and before her orgasm ended I pulled out of her pussy and pushed in her ass making her cum even hard.

I looked over at Jim who give me a thumbs up as I fucked his girlfriends ass and he fucked my wife's pussy. I said to him "Fuck she is tight back here isn't she?"

Jim said something for the first time as he said "I know, she loves it in the ass but I don't fit so fuck the shit out of her."

After the girls had a few more orgasms I heard Jim yell he was coming filling my wife's pussy with cum and don't ask me why but it was then that it hit me. This is the first time a cock other than mine has fuck my wife and I don't feel jealous just happy she is enjoying it.

Tara got off Jim and said "Lori open wide I have some cum for you as she lifted Karen up and sat down on Lori's open mouth pushing all the cum she could into Lori's mouth.

It was too much for me and I started shooting off inside Karen's ass as we both came.

It seemed like a good time to take a break and a few drinks when Karen said "We have the rest of the weekend off how would you like it if we showed you some of the sights and had some more fun here with you guys?"

Tara went to her kissing and saying "That would be fantastic and I want to taste your pussy if you don't mind?"

Karen opened her legs saying "I thought you would ever ask."

The rest of us watched as Tara had Karen coming in no time then did a 69 of their own. 

By this time Lori was doing her best to deep throat Jim and I walked up behind Tara pushing myself into her wide open pussy.

The sun was coming up before we all seem to run out of energy and passed out.

I thought so much for getting a rest but on the other hand who could past this up and for two more days as well.