 Chapter 1 

Some days are better than others. Today was NOT one of those days.

Today, Friday, was so far, one of the worst I had had for a long time. A cunt of a day to be precise! I had had a fight with my new friend Bob (over nothing - my fault, not his, and I longed to talk to him to apologize), and I now found myself in a terrible traffic-jam, over an hour late for work. And it was only 8.45 in the morning!

In the short time I had known Bob, I already liked him. We had talked a bit about our pasts, and I knew all about his marriage problems. I also knew about his love of the job, and how he had used it as an escape, not going home until he had to, or even coming in on his days off, to avoid being with her. I enjoyed being with him. 

Today's argument was a simple one - I was running late, and rang him to cover for me. "Yes," he said he would, "no problem, but he had to supervise an exam at 9.30". He could only cover my class for an hour! That's when the frustration of the morning got to me. His "But" was valid I knew that, so I had no right to call him every vile name I could think off. I was just venting my frustrations at the delays. I think he knew that though, because he didn't "bite" back. He just sighed, and hung up.

I hate it when I am wrong! I would now have to think of some way to make it up to him. Mind you, making up to him would be a joy, if he was interested, lol. I just didn't like being seen to be so fucking immature!

I hate driving to work. I fucking hate it, lol. A long, slow snake of cars, perpetually stopping. It never matters which road I take; they all grind to a halt eventually. But today, if possible, was even worse. I had been on the road for nearly 95 minutes, and had only traveled about 12 miles. I would normally drive that part of the distance in under 35 minutes - but not today. The radio was no use. The non-existent traffic reports were telling about some mythical roll over miles from here, not even bothering to report any delays on this side of town.

I started teaching at the college several months ago. I had been teaching for several years but only recently moved to this town. At 28, I was young at heart, and sexually adventurous. I was bored sitting around home doing nothing. The opportunity came up for me to take this job, and here I was - teaching at a local college. Bob was also there, and we instantly hit it off. I didn't waste any time, and I told Bob that first afternoon we met that a) I didn't want to ever get married, b) I wouldn't say no to his cock, if he asked (which he hasn't, yet!), and c) he could have me anytime. After I helped him stand up, and took care of the large bump he now had on his head (there really wasn't too much blood, really!), he just looked at me and started to cry.

Oh poor babe. I asked why the tears, and he then told me enough about his cunt of a wife for me to know he had been through hell for the past years. And here he was, being offered a plate of me - no strings, no conditions, no rules, no head-games, lol. It was too much for the poor man, and he literally fainted. He had still not accepted my proposition, but I was always hopeful.

I craved seeing his smile every day, and always made sure we spent time together whenever possible. I admit, I loved the way he always gave me his total attention. He never stopped wanting to talk to me, or looking at my tits (38DD's have been known to do that to men, lol). He never tired of being so willing to please me. I never tired of his jokes. We both needed the freedom we permitted each other. He needed the trust to be himself, and I needed the trust of a true friend to be free with - sexually, naughtily free. However, we had still not had the time or opportunity to get together, alone, and sexually!

The dammed traffic. Now it was 9.00 and still no closer to work. I was beginning to think I should just turn around and go home! The day was hot, and I was dressed professionally. A suit, a business style blouse and dammed underclothes. I hate wearing underclothes - preferring to never wear bras (or panties) for a more relaxed feeling - I only had them on because it was a work day. I was also wearing panty-hose (also work rules) and they were beginning to make my legs itch. This day was just getting worse. I could feel my nipples scratching against the fabric of the dammed bra, and my cunt was starting to itch too!

[Yes, I have a cunt. It isn't a vagina, or a pussy. It's a cunt, and a fucking good one. Cunt it is so vulgar, yet so precise! I love that word. If the word cunt offends you, grow up, then fuck off!]

Eventually, I saw the college ahead. Finally. Frustratingly, I was only 2 hours late - and a shit day was in the wind. 9.25 (damn, I felt even worse when I made it to class before Bob would leave, and I felt doubly sorry for chewing him out unnecessarily). I rushed to class, as he was packing his books. 

"Hi" I smiled my best smile.

"Hi" he responded quietly. "They were good, reading chapter 7, as requested. No problems today, all here." He said, and left. Oh man, I was hurting. He was angry (as he had every right to be), and I was definitely the biggest cunt I knew. The morning dragged by as I finished the first class, then took a second, and it was lunch time before I could see him.

"Hi Nita" he smiled at me. "How did that class go?" He seemed chirpy, which was good.

"Hi H," I said back, smiling broadly. "Thanks, oh . . . and Bob," I said, as I pressed close to him, making sure my tits rubbed his arm, "I really am sorry I yelled this morning. I offer no excuses. Please forgive me. It was just a shitty drive."

He looked at me, winked, and said, "It's ok. I knew you were stressed. I wasn't upset. No apologies needed. Honest" and he eased away from me, and started to leave the room.

I raced after him, grabbed his arm, and whispered in his ear, "My cunt, or mouth?" and stared at him.

Why not flirt? Flirting is a wonderful tool to break the ice. I was sincere, and naughty. I wanted him. And more importantly, I was genuine. I made the offer hoping he would accept. I was not teasing him. I did want him. He was cute to look at, strong, yet vulnerable. 

He looked me right in the eye, and smiled. "Both, or none" he said, then he winked and left the room.

Oh wow, I was excited, and the day started to look much better. 

After lunch I was called into my supervisor's office. Bob was there too. I looked, paused, and then sat.

"Nita, I need a favor from you," Sue said. "I know it's short notice, a last minute panic all round. I have already talked to Bob, and he understands the problem, and he has said yes, but I need your help too. I confess I had not thought about using you, but Bob recommended you."

I looked at Bob, who was smiling quietly. This was sounding mysterious. "What help, Sue? If I can help you I will, you know that. Ask."

She then explained that a major corporate client had recently set up a regional office and needed some on-site training. [We had been doing corporate training for several months as a way to increase our funds.] Would I be interested in travelling up to their regional office for a week? Next week? She asked. Sue also explained that Bob would be going too, and that together the two of us would be responsible for the total training of the new office. They, of course, had not given any notice of needing us, hence the panic. We were due there in two days time. Inwardly, I felt several things. This was going to be a bitch job - the two of us - one week - lots of work. But, I was also going to be with Bob, alone for the same week. But, I was also going to be fucking tired every night from the work load. Shit!

I didn't think I would have a way out of this though, and gracefully accepted.

It was agreed that we would fly up together the following Sunday, getting there in the early afternoon, pick up a rental car, settle into the hotel, rest and start at 8.00 Monday morning, fresh. Our equipment would be freighted up before we went - later today! We would be expected to spend a few hours late Sunday setting that up too. The rest of the day was spent organizing our trip. What a workload? Bob was very helpful, and we didn't have a lot of time to speak casually as we raced around.

I did manage to thank him, and he just smiled and said nothing. Eventually all was packed, classes reorganized, tickets booked and we had just the hotel to finalize. I left it all to Sue to organize, and she got the lot done. Just in time, but with one hitch.

She called us both to her office at 7.00 that night - what a way to spend a Friday night? Not! "Guys," she almost cried, "I managed to get everything arranged, but I hit one snag, and took a chance that you wouldn't mind." She said.

Bob and I looked at each other, shrugged, and he asked "What problem?"

"I could only get one room for the two of you. It has two king-size beds in the bedroom, and a separate living room, but I couldn't get separate bedrooms. Oh I am so sorry." She said. "I know I can't demand you two to share a room, and I am at my wits end to find a solution. I was hoping you might . . . well, . . . I hoped the two of you could understand my plight? I can't resolve this problem without your help."

I looked at Bob, then said to Sue, "Sue, we are both adults, and we are also friends, and professionals. I have no problem, if Bob doesn't."

Bob looked white. I don't know what was going on in his mind, and I wasn't about to push him for an answer. He thought for a moment, paused and turned to Sue and said, "Sure, Sue. I don't think there will be any problem, As long as no one else needs to know . . . please?"

Sue replied, "Bob, if you aren't comfortable, I can ask another staff member to go. I don't want you to have to compromise yourself, no one does. I can't force this onto you, and I am not sure this is even a good idea. But I am out of other ideas."

I looked at Bob, and asked him outright, "Would you have a problem with us sharing a room?"

He looked thoughtful, blushed a little, then turned to us both. "I usually don't admit my personal problems to anyone, and I don't want to now, but my wife could never know, please. I can tell a good lie to hide the fact, but if this ever slipped out . . . I would be . . . well, lets just say, as long as it is a secret . . . I think I can cope." He also said he didn't plan on telling anyone, and asked if we did. Everyone was in agreement not to tell, and we were going to go off together, with our boss knowing!

I gave Bob my phone number and address. Bob agreed to pick me up on Sunday morning, and we could then go to the airport together. I never got a chance to talk to him before he left for he day. I knew he had a bad wife, and I wanted to pull him aside and ask him what his wife would say? 

Sunday arrived soon enough, I had made arrangements for my little dog to be looked after for a week (Sue to the rescue there too), and promptly at 8.00 Bob arrived to take us away.

He was quiet on the drive, and I didn't push him. We checked our bags in, sat for a coffee, and still he said little more than casual pleasantries. I didn't want to push him, though. I knew him well enough now to know he had things on his mind, and I didn't think I should intrude further.

Finally, we heard our boarding call, and we both got our bags, passed through the check-in counter, made our way down the ramp, and got to our seats. At the precise moment Bob sat, he let out a huge sigh. And seemed to settle his whole body. "Nita," he turned to me. "Sorry, but I was shit scared that bitch I am married to would either come to the airport, follow me here, to see me off. I had a huge argument on Friday night when I told her I had to go away."

"Oh, Bob," I said compassionately, as I took his hand. "Are you ok, please. Did she hit the roof when you told her I was coming?"

He laughed; the sort of sad nervous laugh you sometimes hear. "Nita, I would have had my cock cut off if she even sniffed you were coming, or any other woman. I lied to her and told her I was going alone and told her I was not able to say no. I feel so weak and ashamed," and he started to cry quietly.

I took his hand and stroked it gently, holding him close to me (as close as fucking airline seats permit), making sure my tits touched him. Fairly quickly we took off, and the attendant was soon offering drinks. The flight was only an hour, so there was no meal service, but drinks were offered. Bob immediately ordered two double-scotches, and downed them without breathing.

I ordered a wine, and Bob ordered another double double. Slowly, he started to calm down, and relax. And we soon arrived.

The weather was a few degrees warmer and I knew this would be the case, so I had dressed comfortably. A loose T-shirt and shorts (yes, no cunt sweating panties, or tit groping bra, lol). Bob was more conservatively dressed, jeans and shirt. He got our luggage, got a cart, and we soon had our rental car.

The drive to the resort was only about 10 miles, and all in all we were making good time. The directions from the rental agency were precise, and the roads were still quiet. By noon, we had arrived at the resort. The book-in clerk didn't blink when we asked for our room, accepting Bob's name on the registration form, without even asking who I was. Bob carried our bags up to the room and we were finally able to kick back and relax.

Bob needed to relax more than I – not just from the weather, although the weather was getting very hot, even with the air conditioning in the car – but from the stress of the morning too, and he had developed a sweat. I suggested he have a quick shower and I would put the bags away. He headed to the bathroom. I heard the door shut, but he didn't click the lock.

I had already told Bob I never unpacked my cases, preferring to hang up my dresses and just retrieving anything else direct from the case. He said he hung his pants and shirts but did likewise with everything else. While he showered I got his shirts and pants stowed on hangers in the closet, along with my dresses, and then I positioned our bags against the wall in the bedroom.

I knew I was relaxed about the next 5 nights, but was Bob? I decided to test the waters by stripping and walking around naked. As he was coming out of the bathroom, freshly dressed in shorts and a T-shirt, I hd already stripped off naked, and was now laying back on the bed.

I am proud of my body. Not skinny, a little cuddly (fuck, nice and cuddly in fact, just the way I like me, lol), and nice big round tits – 38DD's (oops, I mentioned my tit size already, lol). I also had been shaving my cunt for years, but had grown lazy lately. I now sported a thick shag of hair between my legs. I admit I though it looked sexy, and was willing to let it grow, for now. I especially liked the way my cunt lips peaked out from amongst the thick growth, hinting at more.

Bob stopped dead in his tracks and stared – my milk-white body, round mounds, and dark fuzz stared defiantly back. He just stood and stared, open mouthed. No words were exchanged.

In my best slut fashion, I parted my legs further, so that my cunt lips were now exposed, and open, and smiled. I also started stroking my tits, and pulling my nipples. I hadn't planned to be so slutty and seduce him immediately, but I always was spontaneous, lol.

Bob blushed a bright red, turned and ran back to the bathroom. I heard the door shut, and this time the lock clicked. Oh shit. I grabbed my clothes, dressed, and ran to the door. I listened and heard him sobbing. I knocked gently and asked if he was ok.

"Bob, are you ok please?" I asked as I knocked a second time. "Bob, I am sorry if I offended you. Please let me in, or you come out. Let's just talk, please. I am not angry."

After several minutes of silence, apart from the water running, he slowly opened the door.

"Nita," he said, quietly. "I am sorry. Please don't apologize. I sorta hoped we would be intimate, but was also fearing it more and more. I also sorta thought we might not get physical till tonight, or later, and was getting up the courage to talk to you before tonight."

"Why, Bob? What's wrong? Is it me?" I wasn't angry, but I knew he wanted me – hell, every fiber in his body demonstrated that to me. What was wrong?

"Nita," he stuttered, "I am . . . I . . . oh fuck, I . . . look, I have trouble with sex, ok?" and he just sagged down onto the bed, defeated.

I sat next to him, careful not to encroach on his personal space, and asked him gently to talk to me. I told him I was here to listen to his problems, and hopefully I could help, if he wanted me too. I took his hand and slowly, gently held it, as he started to tell me about his wife.

"Nita," he started slowly, "I have been married for many years now, but I am . . . well, I have . . . look don't laugh please, but in all those years, I haven't . . . well, I am . . . I was . . . still technically a virgin for the first 8 years of my marriage! And, in all the years I have been married – over 20 – I have only cum several times "

He went on to explain that his wife was a tyrant who used sex as a weapon. She had been loose before they married, oral sex and fondling being more than permitted, they were almost demanded by her. But she wanted to be a virgin bride! Before he married he would eat her out daily, and finger fuck her at any time. She always begged for more, except fucking, but after marriage she claimed he hurt her with his cock. He said that no matter how often he tried, how gentle, or how caring he was, she never changed in her condemnation of him. Oh sure, he said, he flirted with the best of them – heck, he wasn't about to let anyone at work know his "small problem" – but today was different. He didn't have the confidence to do anything, and felt fear at the thought. He went on to say that he had tried to fuck his wife often, always with the same disastrous results. She would scream and yell at him for hurting her. "How," he cried" Could I hurt her with my puny 6 inch cock, when I used to finger fuck her cunt with three fingers as she thrashed and bucked and pushed her cunt into my hand?"

I gently laid his head on my breast and soothingly calmed him. He lay there doing nothing, saying nothing, breathing quietly.

"Nita," he quietly said, after several minutes. "I am now totally scared of sexual contact. I wouldn't even know what to do first, even if I could do anything, if I had the courage to even try. I feel so stupid, and weak. Sorry, I never used to be like this. When I was younger – even a few years ago, I did it all, but I am now so scared – I don't even get an erection anymore! My wife has made me so scared."

I didn't really know what to say. I wanted to comfort him, and yet I didn't want to force myself on him. I didn't even know if my insatiable sex drive would be too much for him to cope with. "Nita, I love sex," he said. "Or I used to. But I am just so worried." He then went on to explain about his wife. The torture she endured on him. How he couldn't please her, how even if he didn't try to have sex, she would still complain. He said he was dammed if he did, and dammed if he didn't. He went on to say that all he managed to do now was jerk off – in shame. 

I decided it would be better if we got on with the work we had to do, and maybe we could return to this later. I wanted him, but I wasn't about to upset, or scare him.

"Come on, old buddy," I said casually, "Lets get this work crap out of the way, then have a nice drink or four, and a quiet evening. Then we'll worry about you."

I looked at him, and said, "Bob, please relax. We can fix this. I am willing to try, if you are. Later, maybe?"

The rest of the afternoon was a haze. We got our directions to the offices of our client. Arrived, and the security guard let us in. Our equipment was there and we unpacked set up the training room, and got everything ready. It was a bitch of a day though. The dammed air conditioning was not on, and we were both sweating like pigs. I cursed Bob many times because he had slipped his T-shirt off and I couldn't. (Well, I could have, but the guard kept coming by to check on us, and I had no bra on – I wonder what he would think of my 38DD's swinging loose? Heck, what would Bob think lol?). I was sweating below my tits, sweating down the crack of my ass, and, my cunt was sopping wet too. We finally finished and made it back into the car for the 15 minutes back to the resort. We were both exhausted, and we were both drenched in sweat.
