 "Okay. I understand. I'll call you on Sunday. Bye." I sighed into my cell-phone. Liz my best friend had been called back to work instead of meeting me for a girlie lunch and an afternoon shopping. 

As I looked at my watch and fresh cup of cappuccino I was aware of two guys running across the road towards me as I sat at the pavement café.

"Wow! You're so pretty! You must be a model!" The shorter one gasped breathlessly taking hold of my free hand as he sat next to me. The other, taller, one held a professional looking camcorder.

"You've saved my life!" he continued, as I nervously put my cup down, "We're filming a documentary for our second Year University project and we need a beautiful model for the next interview!"

Shocked at his audacity I told him, "But I'm not a model. I'm a…" Before I could finish my sentence he looked shocked, grasped my hand tighter and sighed, "But you must be! You're kinda pretty and…well," he waved his hands in front of my chest, "you must be a model."

"I can assure you I'm not." I laughed, trying to avoid the camera in my face.

It was ridiculous of him to even think of me as a 'model'; I'm 34, 5ft. 5" and just the wrong shape! My breasts are only 34b for goodness sake! 

"I'm so sorry if I've embarrassed you," he sighed again, "but we've only got until Friday to finish our project and we really need a real life model."

He got up and turned to walk away. The guy with the camera bent forward and whispered in his ear.

"Of course!" he grinned as he took my hand again and stroked my gold wedding ring. "If I ask really, really nicely would you pretend to be a 'model' for us? All we are doing is asking some questions on camera. No one would know because you really, really look like a model. Please pretty lady – help us!"

I was shocked and flattered beyond belief.

"How long would it take and what would the questions be about?" I asked trying to be helpful.

"Oh! Half an hour? An hour? No more – honest and we would be very grateful!" He grinned as he looked at me then each other then me again. 

"What would you be asking me about?" I repeated myself.

Still stroking my hand he began to look sheepish, "Well…. I don't know your name."

"Andrea." 

"Well Andrea, our course is Social Science and we are…well…we are asking 10 women from different backgrounds about their sex lives!" he chuckled, "We've had a waitress, a schoolteacher, a bank manager…you know the type of thing, but we really, really wanted a model. You know…it sort of seemed…glamorous."

"All I would have to do is answer some questions?" I smiled at him. After all, I did have some spare time on my hands.

"Yeah. Sure!" The first guy told me, "Just make the answers up. No one will know apart from us. You'll have a laugh. Honest."

"Okay then," I smiled as I wiped the coffee froth from my lips and sat back, "let's get started."

They looked at each other, "Not here," he chuckled, "we've got a place over the road. That's where we saw you from." He pointed to a window three stories up across the road.

"I don't know about that." I stammered, suddenly feeling vulnerable.

"Oh come on Andrea, you promised. There will only be Paul, Golly and me. You can trust us …we're students!" he laughed as he stood up and tugged my arm.

"Golly?" I asked as I stood up.

"He's the other cameraman. I'm Duncan, by the way." He told me as we crossed the road.

This was all happening too quickly, but my mind told me that it actually would be 'a laugh' – what could possibly go wrong?

As Duncan opened the door I had a good look at him and his friend. Like the other two, he was about 20 years old. Duncan was about 5ft 7", 12 stones (170lb), with very short brown hair and was wearing combat shorts and a red striped t-shirt. Paul was much taller – over 6ft, with long unkempt hair and a ragged goatee beard. He was wearing an Iron Maiden t-shirt and baggy jeans.

Duncan led the way and Paul followed me upstairs. I wasn't sure, but I thought that he might have been trying to look up my skirt with the camera. 

When we finally made it up the third flight of stairs I was nearly out of breath as we entered their room.

I was very pleasantly surprised to see that it was a neatly furnished loft type apartment, not the grungy student flat that I'd expected.

"Golly!" Duncan shouted, "We've got our model. Well…sort of!"

A tall good looking guy wearing a white vest that showed off his muscles and a pair of football shorts, walked out of the kitchen holding a bottle of wine and four glasses.

"I know I watched you." He spoke with a soft Geordie accent, which is my favourite. "Glass of wine?" he asked me.

"Yes please." I smiled back as I sat on the leather sofa. 

Duncan looked at Paul and they both smiled and raised their eyebrows. I looked down to see that my skirt had risen up exposing my stocking top and suspender.

"Oops!" I chuckled as I took the glass of wine and straightened my skirt.

As I sipped my wine Duncan told Golly that we were going to pretend that I was a model as Paul prepared a much bigger video camera that was linked to a huge TV set in the corner of the room.

Golly noticed that I'd already finished my wine just as Duncan wanted to start.

"Another?" he asked as he took my glass from me. His legs and arse looked very firm and muscular as he walked into the kitchen. "Mmmm," I thought to myself, "he's nice, but a bit young for me."

I made myself comfortable as Duncan began.

"Andrea, you are a top glamour model and you have agreed to answer some intimate questions about your sex life for me. Is that correct?"

Trying to keep a straight face I nodded and answered, "Yes. That is correct."

"Andrea. When did you have your first sexual experience?" Duncan asked as professionally as possible. 

Entering into the spirit of things I replied, "When I was 13. I kissed a boy and we…examined each other."

"Did you enjoy that?" 

"Yes I did. And I think that he did too." We both laughed. 

Golly passed me the fresh glass of wine.

Duncan continued in this vein for 10 or 12 minutes getting cheekier and more personal all of the time, asking when I'd lost my virginity and how many boyfriends that I'd had as a teenager. 

"What sort of modelling do you do?" Duncan continued with his questions.

I giggled, "Top shelf…you know what type."

"No I don't. Can you tell me?"

"Topless," I stammered, "sometimes full frontal…you know."

"Do you like showing off your body?"

"Sometimes." I smiled.

"What do you think men do when they see your pictures?"

I was shocked and just shrugged my shoulders.

Duncan went on, "Do you think that they masturbate?"

"Oh my God!" I thought as I took a large mouthful of wine.

"I suppose so." I stammered again, as Paul zoomed in on my face then slowly down my breasts, lingering on my erect nipples, then down past my stocking tops to my feet.

"Does that turn you on? Knowing that men play with themselves while looking at your body?"

I had to surreptitiously adjust myself as I could feel myself getting turned on now.

"Yes it does." I whispered.

There was a short period of silence until Golly said in a stage whisper: "Page 6!" Duncan flicked through his notes.

"How many lovers have you had?"

"I've lost count!" I lied. I've been married for 12 years and my husband had taken my virginity the year before.

"How many?" He repeated himself, "Less than ten? More than ten?"

"Ooh!" I squirmed. 

In my best Marilyn Monroe voice I told him, "A lot more than ten!" 

Golly gave me another large glass of wine.

I was now boiling hot and feeling horny beyond belief.

As Duncan continued with his sexual questions, I couldn't stop myself rubbing my thighs together and gently teasing my breast through my bra and shirt. Ooh, it felt good as I watched myself on TV.

Duncan asked, "What is your favourite sex position?"

"From behind. Doggy style." I grinned at Golly who was proudly sporting a hard-on in his shorts.

"When did you first masturbate?" Duncan asked me with a twinkle in his eye.

"When I was 15." I told him the truth. I was now gulping the wine down. 

"How often did you masturbate at that age?"

"Every night and twice on Sundays!" I laughed out loud.

"Did you ever use sex toys?"

"No!" I said as firmly as possible, "I was only 15!"

"So what did you use?"

"My fingers." I openly told them. I couldn't believe what I was saying or doing. A joke's a joke but I was telling these three young strangers things that I'd never told my husband.

"Did you always make yourself orgasm?" 

"Yes…always." I giggled as I took another swig of wine. I was getting very hot now, and had to keep crossing my legs as my pussy was beginning to tingle.

"This wine" I said to Golly who was sitting opposite me, "tastes different. Very nice, but different." 

"It's a new bottle…Chilean. We like it." He answered with a wink to Duncan.

My legs were now curled beneath me and I could see that my stocking tops were clearly in view on the large TV screen, but I didn't seem to care.

"Do you still masturbate?" he asked.

As coyly as possible I nodded my head.

"For the camera, Andrea, do you still masturbate?" Duncan grinned.

I nodded again, "Yes," I whispered, "yes I do."

I had to shift my weight as my pussy was now making me uncomfortable.

All three men were grinning now.

"How do you masturbate? With your fingers or do you use sex toys now?" Duncan was trying to be as professional as possible, but I could see a very large bulge building in his baggy shorts.

"Both!" I giggled as I really 'got into' my character, "it depends how much time I have."

"How many toys do you own?"

"Three." I grinned, as it was the truth.

"What type? Describe them."

I sipped my wine and giggled, "A ladyfinger. It's quite small. A Rampant Rabbit – my favourite! And a big, life size pink one! Ha, ha, ha, ha!"

"Like this one?" From a small bag at his feet he produced a large pink cock shaped dildo just like my own.

I held my hand over my mouth and gasped. "Yes! Just like that!"

"Would you like to show us how you use it?" Duncan asked with a straight face as he gently threw it at me.

I was trembling as I caught it.

"No, no, no. I couldn't!" I whispered as I ran my fingers along the rubber grooves as if it was the most precious thing in the world.

Golly was standing next to Duncan now and I could see their stiff cocks bulging in their shorts.

"Please Andrea, it would rally help with our project." He lied.

"Come on Andrea," Golly whispered, "You know you want to."

He was right. At that moment all I could think of was putting that huge thing inside my pussy.

It was now like an 'out of body experience' as I watched myself on the TV as I rubbed it across my face and breasts.

"Do you promise that you won't tell anyone?" I huskily groaned as I kissed the rubber knob.

"Of course not!" Golly told me.

As I slid back along the sofa, Paul sat on the arm and focussed his video camera on the crotch of my little white knickers, which was so wet, it was nearly black.

Duncan and Golly were hovering beside me as I pulled my panties to one side. 

My heart was thumping and my throat was as dry as sand.

Paul spoke for nearly the first time, "Take your knickers off."

I complied by easing them over my bottom then down and off my legs.

I hitched my skirt up and spread my legs for them.

My pussy was red raw and soaking wet as I ran the hard tip along my crack.

"Oooohhhh, uuuuggghhhh!" I groaned. "OOOoooggghh, aaaaarrrgghh, yyeeeesss!" I continued as my cunt sucked it inside.

Inch by inch I fed the monster into my snatch.

I couldn't tell which was turning me on the most – fucking myself with this magnificent machine or being watched as I did it.

I slowly fucked myself as Golly and Duncan pulled my top and bra off, forcing all 8 or 9 inches up and down my love hole. I was in Heaven as I raised my knees as far back as possible. I held it in place with only one hand as I tweaked and teased my aching nipples with the other.

When it was completely inside me Duncan told me, "Turn it on!" I'd forgotten that it was a vibrator not just a dildo.

I fumbled with the small trigger. "SHIT!" I called out as the dildo exploded into action! I thought that my eyes would pop out of my head as it buzzed and shook like a pneumatic drill.

This was much more powerful than I was used to. I struggled to control it but it was just what I needed. It took a minute to get used to it, but when I did it was out of this world.

My mouth hung open as I hammered my sweaty twat with their huge rubber cock.

"Ugh, ugh, ugh!" I grunted as it went deeper into my body than I'd ever experienced before.

Paul was capturing every second on camera as I slung my right ankle over the top of the sofa and hung the other one over the side as I angrily plunged the dildo deep into my vagina.

I felt as if my body had been taken over by Aliens as I couldn't (and didn't want to) stop exhibiting myself for these three strangers with a camera. 

I heard Duncan's' voice, "Try this."

I looked across to see him coating a thin purple object, with KY Jelly, that looked like it was made of different sized beads.

"What's that?" I panted as the dildo vibrated inside my love hole.

The two guys looked at each other and grinned. Duncan laughed, "Well…it's not instead of…it's as well as!"

The penny dropped.

"You want me to…" I kept panting as I rammed the dildo deep inside my pussy, "stick that up my bum?"

"That's about it!" he laughed as he handed it to me.

"But I've never done that before." I grunted as the big one filled my hole.

Golly shrugged his shoulders, "Give it a try. See if you like it."

My out of body experience continued as I raised my hips while poking about in my nether regions.

"Let me help." Duncan told me as he impatiently took the purple thing out of my hand.

As I arched my back the fat dildo seemed to find some newer parts of my pussy to vibrate against.

It only took Duncan a couple of seconds to part my anus for the first bead to pass inside my arse.

"OW YOU FUCKER!" I screamed as it stretched my virgin hole, "OW, OW, OW!"

Duncan just laughed as the second and third bead popped passed my sphincter.

"Your turn now!" he laughed again as he placed my hand on the vibe. I couldn't stop myself jamming the fourth larger bead inside my arse.

"Ow, ow! You bastards, you fucking bastards!" I hissed as I increased the speed of both the cock-shaped dildo and the purple arse machine, unable to stop myself.

My eyes were closed and I was throwing my head from side to side as both vibrating toys filled my holes. All I could think about was having an orgasm and satisfying my new depraved urges. 

Then it happened. The two vibrators touched each other through the membrane separating my cunt from my arse.

"AAAAAAGGGGHHHH, FFUUUCCKK, YYEESSSS!" I howled as my body shook with orgasm after orgasm after orgasm, "FUCKING HELL, YYYEEESSSS, OOH, OOH, OOH, OOH!"

My body convulsed so much I actually fell off the sofa onto the floor. As I tried to scramble onto my hands and knees I realised that both of the vibrators were hanging and buzzing from my sticky holes. I managed to get onto my side and pulled them out, half flinging them across the room. My chest was now heaving as I gasped for breath. When I re-focussed my eyes all three guys were standing naked above me.

If I'd been in Heaven before being faced with three gorgeous young cocks was going to take me into Paradise.

Golly was obviously an athlete of some sort. His body was hard and very well toned, his hairy thighs were 100% solid muscles and sticking out at me was a lovely 7-inch cock with a floppy hood that looked absolutely delicious.

Duncan had a soft paunch and a very hairy stomach and chest. His cock was circumcised and fatter than Golly's but not as long.

Paul was tall and skinny and his cock matched his physique long (about 7 inches) and very thin.

With a silly grin on my face I asked, "What do you want to do now?"

All three pressed their stiff cocks against my face. I spent the next three minutes licking and sucking all three purple knobs. Duncan quickly started leaking pre-cum, which kind of startled me. I pulled my head back.

"You're not going to leave us like this? Are you?" Golly moaned as he stroked his long cock.

"Fuck me! I need to be fucked!" I told them as I lay back on the floor with my legs in the air.

"Fill me full of cock!" I called out as I pulled my piss flaps apart exposing my gaping cunt to them.

Not only my actions were shocking me, but also I'd never used language like this before. My brain was in turmoil as I poked a finger into my stretched arsehole and twisted it around.

Golly didn't need asking twice. He virtually dived on top of me with his big cock easily sliding into my stretched cunt. It felt fantastic to feel the hard body of a fit young man thrusting and pumping on top of me. 

"Fucking Hell!" he grunted as he entered my hot cunt, "Fucking Hell I thought that you'd be tighter than this!" 

He then knelt on his knees and began suckling on my tender tits as he fucked me ragged as I gripped his hips with my nylon-covered legs.

He wasn't satisfying me in this position. I needed a real good fucking.

"Roll over, I want to be on top!" I whispered. We clung together like limpets and rolled onto his back.

Oh yes! This was much better; I could feel every inch of man meat inside my body.

I slowly rocked backwards and forwards shaking my tiny tits in his face.

"Do you like that?" I asked him. All he could do was grin and nod as he desperately tried to stop himself cumming.

"Fuck him!" Duncan moaned, "I'm going to cum any minute and I don't want to waste it!" With that he stepped in front of me and guided my mouth onto his fat cock.

Mmmm, I love the taste and texture of cocks in my mouth, and Duncan didn't disappoint me. He tasted fabulous, very manly. As Golly began humping me from beneath I enjoyed sucking Duncan's cock, running my tongue around the velvet knob as I gobbled like a turkey. 

I'd forgot about Paul and his long skinny cock until I felt his hands on my tits from behind and his cock pressing against my arse hole.

I tried to turn my head but Duncan wouldn't let me.

Paul's cock might have looked skinny but it was a helluva lot bigger than the purple vibrator as it roughly entered my puckered hole.

The pain was making me gag on the cock in my mouth but the three boys lost all interest in my pleasure as they all picked up speed in their haste to cum.

Golly's cock battered my pussy as Paul banged into my arse like a jackhammer. I wanted to scream with both pain and pleasure but Duncan was now in the last throws of fucking my mouth as his knob touched against my tonsils.

"Ugh, ugh ooh you fucker!" Duncan grunted as he flooded my mouth and throat with hot sticky cum. I tried to suck his balls out of his man-tube as I swallowed every last drop of salty spunk.

His grunting coincided with both of the other guys splattering my cunt and arse hole with loads of their own sweet spunk.

Duncan stumbled away from me leaving my mouth and throat full of his juices and my jaw absolutely aching. I fell forward onto the palm of my hands making my small sensitive breasts brush against Golly's face as Paul withdrew his long cock out of my battered arsehole with a loud 'phhttt'. Which made them laugh.

I rolled off Golly and onto my back, absolutely exhausted, but sexually satisfied beyond belief. 

I looked across the room to see that the cheeky bastards had left the camera running and had taped everything.

As I took off my torn and laddered stockings I asked where the toilet was as I was now absolutely desperate for a pee.
