 Dewey looked over at the two girls, barely able to contain himself. He couldn't believe this was actually going to happen, and happily handed over his credit card to pay for the room. He paid for the whole night, too, because he didn't know if Kimmie would ever give him this chance again.

He knew this was a big stretch for her. She'd been pretty responsive to the new experiences so far. Secretly, he thought all the new sexual positions he'd put her in were the main reason she was still with him.

Once she'd tried anal and found, to her surprise, that she liked it, she was almost eager to try any of the things he'd suggested they do. Surprisingly, she'd chosen to let him introduce the anal play to their relationship before she would consent to oral. She had a real hang-up about having his dick in her mouth, even letting her conflicted feelings impact whether she was able to cum when he was the one giving her head. But after he'd made her cum so good that night in the car that she consented to kneeling in the grass to bob her head into his lap while he sat in the front seat on the passenger side, she found out he was right. She was gifted at giving head. He told her that the second he saw her lips and heard her speak, he knew she would be. But he never told her why.

But group sex and sex with another female; this was far outside Kimmie's comfort level. He wouldn't have coaxed her into it if he didn't really believe she would enjoy it, but he knew eventually he was going to reach the end of the line in terms of how much experimentation she was willing to do. He was beginning to feel he loved her enough to respect whatever limits she set, but he wanted a chance to get her to at least try everything before she made up her mind.

Dewey didn't consider himself a freak, exactly, but he did have a very, very healthy and active libido. He was a lot for one girl to take, and he knew that. So he'd always spread the duties out, keeping several females on deck to help him out.

Women thought all men were like that, and many were. He'd certainly been enjoying himself for years, and couldn't even begin to name all the women he'd been with in his lifetime. Hell, he couldn't name all of them he'd been with in the last year, before he met Kimmie.

But for Dewey at least, the truth was that so much sleeping around, just fucking with no connection, got old. He might always get the itch for new pussy, which is why he was working so hard to keep variety and openness in his relationship with Kimmie. He never wanted to cheat on her, exactly, now that he'd found her. But he knew in his heart that if he tried to force himself into a traditional, square arrangement, he'd never make it. So he was trying to make sure he and Kimmie could enjoy a varied and exciting sex life together.

For her part, Kimmie was so much more nervous than she thought she'd be. She honestly thought she was past the part where she was terrified of all the things Dewey had suggested they do. It had been eight months, and he'd opened her up so much more sexually than she'd ever been in her entire twenty six years before she'd met him.

She thought she was so open just because she was willing to do men she was not in love with, or even in a relationship with. Where she was from, that was a big deal, and only she and her friend Lisa were willing to admit they liked to sleep around. It didn't make them sluts, they were just honest about their sexuality. They didn't sleep with one another, but they sometimes had sex with the same boy. And that was enough to get them branded as nothing but trashy hoes by all the other girls and some of the boys.

But those same boys had no trouble coming to one or both of them whenever they thought no one was looking. Lisa was the one most likely to get with their classmates; Kimmie couldn't be bothered. Why should she fuck boys who would just spit on her if she saw them in public? When there were so many more options, grown men who knew what they were doing, available to her right outside the school building?

She used to joke to Lisa that she better train those boys right, so that they wouldn't be a waste of her time when they grew up and she gave them a try.

Kimmie rarely thought of Lisa anymore. They used to do everything together, until Billy came along. Lisa fell in love with him, and began to change. Not just sexually, but toward Kimmie as well. As far as Kimmie was concerned, there no judging arrangement certainly extended to monogamous relationships too. If her friend was in love and only wanted to be with Billy, why would she care?

But Billy convinced Lisa that a woman is known by the company she keeps, and he considered Kimmie to be a trashy, bad influence. He couldn't believe that if Lisa went out with her, she wasn't doing the same things everyone said Kimmie was doing. Even though she knew only about sixty percent of what people said about her and her friend were true, Lisa chose to listen to her new boyfriend and leave her oldest and best friend alone

It hurt, but Kimmie had accepted it. It had been five years, and she and Lisa only spoke occasionally. But from what she'd seen and heard, Lisa and Billy were still very happy. Kimmie was not invited to their wedding.

So Kimmie didn't have very many female friends, except for her sister and cousins who were stuck with her. Her grandmother's philosophy had been that you don't get to pick your family, and you don't turn your back on them no matter what. Her sister and cousins were made to play with her as a child, and as adults it had just become so ingrained in them that she knew no matter what she did, and no matter how they felt about it or talked about her behind her back, they would always be there when she needed them. As long as they were alive, she would never be truly alone.

So she had been really unsure about this idea of letting Cake into her and Dewey's bed. She had trained herself not to say relationship, since Dewey had flipped out on her when she asked him why that was necessary.

"Who said I wanted her in our relationship?" he asked her, with that fake patient voice that she hated. He had a way of making her feel like a backwards child whenever he wanted her to do something she didn't want to do. It was manipulation and she knew it, but it always worked. And he knew it.

"I said, maybe it would be fun to have her in our bed. That's all. I will never bring anybody else into our relationship, because I'm completely sure and comfortable about us. That's your thing - you are the one who talks too much. That's why your mama and them don't like me. You give them too much information, especially when you're pissed with me.

"I just thought Cake would bring a little harmless fun, to keep things interesting. She can do some of the things I know you don't like to do. And who knows, you might like her to do you too."

So before she knew it, Kimmie found herself standing in the lobby of a rundown motel with this new girl. She supposed the girl looked alright, just a little bit too much like herself for her comfort. They had the same medium brown complexion and honey colored eyes. Cake even wore her hair in pretty much the same style she'd had when she met Dewey. Anybody looking at her would think they were sisters.

And that was the real reason she was doing this. The real reason she let Dewey get her to do a lot of things she never thought she'd do. She loved him, and she knew him better than he thought. He was pretty open about his sexual appetites, and she knew without him saying so that what she wouldn't do, another woman would. And that eventually he'd go find what he needed elsewhere if she refused him too much.

She loved Dewey, and she had made up her mind not to give him a reason to cheat. At least as long as he was reasonable. She was not doing anything unhygienic - no golden showers or tossing salads. She would not do animals, and she didn't want to be hit. She didn't even want to hit him, but he never gave her any indication that he would be into that anyway.

But she did let him convince her to do it in public, and she found that she loved the thrill of it, the feel of fresh air on her naked skin and the idea that they could be caught at any moment even more than he did. After the first time, in the back of a movie theater when she'd let him finger her right there in the middle of the back row and then leaned over to give him a blow job through his opened pants, she'd been hooked. Even as she tried to discreetly swallow his semen down so no one would know what they'd been doing, she was thinking of other places they could screw each other. So far, they'd used his car with the tinted windows and big back seat so many times, it was almost like the bed. The windows were so dark and the car body so sturdy, the car barely rocked even when he was driving into her hard enough to break her neck.

Her little Mazda was a bit more thrilling, since Dewey's body coupled with hers was more than enough to rock the car's foundation, and her un-tinted windows steamed up nicely. She had no problem getting naked in the car's back seat, but Dewey would only undo his pants no matter what they were doing, after they got interrupted fucking in the park after dark. She always laughed and teased him about that, telling him he was the one who was scared to be free, but she didn't really blame him. She'd been given a chance to slip back into her clothes that night before getting out of the car, but the cop seemed to take a sadistic pleasure in making Dewey spread his legs and put his hands on his head while his semi erect dick swung in the breeze.

For Dewey, Kimmie learned to love oral and anal sex as well. Even with all her experience, he'd made her see that all she really had were a lot of sex partners. And that a lot was a relative expression; it was a lot for her immediate circle but he fucked more people in a year than she'd had in her whole sexual career. And he definitely knew about and did more things than she had. But if she trusted him, he'd open up a new world of pleasures to her. And he'd stay with her, do his living best to be her man and a good man for her, as they explored that world.

The first time, kneeling next to the front seat of his car, was her first time sucking dick ever. He'd sworn she did a good job, but now that she had more experience, she knew he was just trying to boost her confidence so she would do it again. The first time she used her teeth way too much. She admired his ability to endure it without complaint, and she always made sure to suck him off well and good to make up for her initial inexperience.

She had no such complaints about how she felt when he went down on her for the first time. She let him believe that she'd never done that either when she first told him she wouldn't be sucking his dick, because she couldn't think of any better reason why not when he questioned that statement. She had been eaten out before, but she could truthfully say she'd never been eaten like that. Dewey could eat some pussy, doing a little roll with his tongue that she couldn't describe but it made her damn near cum every time he did it. He would tease her with it, darting his rolled up tongue around her spot, flicking it quickly with just the tip, over and over until she did cum. Eventually. But the real fun was in the torture he put her through on the way to the climax.

Kimmie knew that after having him most other men would just be wasting their time.

Dewey really was the first to break her ass in. That was one of the things she and Lisa had both agreed they would never do. When they were young and dumb, they'd been convinced that a man who wanted to fuck you in the ass had probably been to prison, and had given or received the same treatment there. They weren't homophobic, but AIDS was a big problem in the neighborhood already, so why go with especially risky behavior?

But she was a few years older when she met Dewey, and the truth was she'd always been curious about having anal sex. He insisted on wearing a condom anyway, at least when he took her from behind. Dewey was very clean, and she knew that his motivation was really just to make sure there was lubrication and that none of her shit got on his shaft. But it still provided protection, so they were both happy.

And he made it good for her, patiently using his finger to break her in a bit before he put her on her knees and fully penetrated her. 'Again, she loved the sensation of being ridden like that. He'd laughed at her reaction, and told her he was beginning to think she was playing him. Nobody got off on these experiences the first time out the way she did. She had probably been a pro since she was ten.

But no, she was just easily orgasmic. Always had been. That was why she ended up just fucking around when she'd been younger; she always needed the variety of new dicks and techniques to keep from getting bored.

Lately, Kimmie had begun to suspect that Dewey was just thinking of new things to challenge her with just to find her breaking point. So she wasn't that surprised when he asked if they could have another girl join them. And she knew that no matter how much he protested, Cake was somebody he'd been with before. She believed it had been before they met, and she didn't know if he'd been sleeping with the girl in the past eight months. But she knew he'd been in this pussy before.

If he thought this was going to make her back down, and possibly lose him and some of the best dick she'd ever had, he was going to be very much mistaken. She'd never done it before, and never even thought about it. She wasn't gay, she was sure of that. But if it came down to it, she would grind her pussy into this woman's face until she choked on her juices.

Cake noticed the resemblance between herself and Dewey's woman as well. Dewey had told her she looked like all of his other girls, and she'd met enough of them to know that she was his type. Dewey was almost sick the way he only got with variations of women who looked like her and Kimmie. Cake had never come across so many women with her coloring and build until she started hanging out with Dewey four years before. But since then, she'd met so many girls who could be her sisters that she'd begun to give the side eye to her father.

He was a hoe, for sure, but she'd thought she was his only daughter. At least, she'd never been introduced to any girls that were supposed to be her sister, although she'd met five of her half-brothers plus the two brothers her mother had with her daddy. She sometimes thought about asking her father about it, but she liked being daddy's only girl too much to want to know.

Dewey had said that Kimmie was down for this, but that she might be skittish. The other woman had Dewey believing this was her first time, but from the energy Cake felt coming from Kimmie, she wasn't so sure. Dewey was a typical man; once he had a taste for her pussy, a woman could get him to believe anything. But Cake wasn't buying the little Miss Innocent shit, which suited her fine. She fucked with men, she'd been fucking Dewey for the longest but there were others. But she mostly liked pussy, and she didn't have a girlfriend currently. That was what gave her and Dewey the idea, when he turned her down after they saw each other at the bar.

She'd been looking for him for a few months, but Dewey was missing from their usual spot. The bartender told her he'd been MIA for a while, and that he'd met someone who kept him pretty busy. All she knew was that he didn't meet the new girl in the club, and that she didn't seem to like the place much the one time Dewey had brought her in.

Cake had been surprised but curious. It wasn't like Dewey to waste time on females who weren't in to what he was in to. It also wasn't like him to be with someone so long and not offer to share her. Cake and Dewey were better than that, she thought. And she wondered what happened.

So she wasted no time approaching him when he finally did make an appearance at the club. He was alone, and she thought at first the (that) he and the new girl had broken up. She offered to console him in their favorite room downstairs, but he turned her down flat.

"Kimmie and I are doing fine. Better than fine, actually. She is a bit more reserved, that's true. But she's open to learning, and I'm having fun teaching. She's an excellent student, and I get the chance to show her exactly the way I like things done.

"I think I could love this one, Cake. Like, for real. I don't even want to be with anybody else without her. I don't' want to risk losing her."

Cake had been a little hurt, but she shook it off. She liked Dewey as a person, which is why she'd known him so long. He did seem genuinely happy, in a way she'd never seen in the time she'd been hooking up with him.

Besides, the two of them had already had that conversation, and she knew he was right when he said she liked girls too much to ever be committed to him. Over the years, she had transitioned form doing Dewey and including another girl to doing her girls and including Dewey. There was a difference, and he was smart enough to recognize it.

She asked if she could meet Kimmie. She was only thinking coffee or dinner or something, but he assumed she wanted a ménage. She didn't object to that, exactly, so she let him run with that thought.

He looked excited, but didn't know if his new girl would go for it. He knew for a fact that she didn't sleep with women, and he didn't think she'd ever done group before. She told him that she once did two guys in the same day just to see what it was like, but they didn't all three get together at once. The way Kimmie described it, it wasn't even a train. She'd simply fucked one guy around mid-morning, and then been with another one that night. But she clearly thought that was scandalous, so he played along with her adventurous spirit, telling her what a bad girl she was.

But they'd come a long way since then, and he and Kimmie were due for a new adventure. He felt that she would go for it, if he asked her just right.

So here they were, all three of them, in Room 222 of a nothing motel. They were all satisfied with the location, because none of them knew anyone in the area, and nothing would likely get back to their real lives. All Kimmie knew about Cake was that she had some kind of connection to Dewey, and that was all Cake knew about her as well. Dewey, of course knew a bit more about each of the girls, but it didn't matter. This might just be a onetime thing.

None of them knew just how to start once they got to the room. It was a night of firsts for all of them, not just Kimmie. She had never been with a third person during sex, or messed around with a woman, and the idea of sharing her man was definitely new and a little scary. But Dewey had never shared a woman he gave a damn about, so he was nervous as well.

And Cake had never been with a real couple, where she knew they cared about each other but she was just there for fun. She was mostly okay, but deep down she felt some kind of way, mostly because the man in question was Dewey. It would have been better if she had no connection to either of the members of the couple.

Realizing somebody had to do something, Dewey reached out for both Kimmie and Cake at the same time. He pulled them into a kind of group hug, still standing next to the bed. It freaked him out the way they both relaxed into his body the same way, each giving the same kind of little sigh in his ear. So he got the contented purr in stereo sound, their voices blending in perfect harmony.

Kimmie looked up at him, and he kissed her, deeply, but without letting go of Cake. At the same time he was kissing Kimmie he lowered his hand until he was cupping Cake's ass, so she didn't feel left out.
