 I've had a crush on Christy from day one. Her boyfriend Dave and I have been best friends for years. He's had a lot of girlfriends since we first met 10 years ago but no one quite like Christy. I'm very bi-sexual which is probably why Dave and I never got together. I guess he's just an old fashioned guy at heart. He wasn't judgmental of my lifestyle… it just wasn't for him. When he first introduced me to Christy my heart skipped a beat. Her long golden hair framed her face so perfectly. Her blue eyes twinkled with an innocent yet slightly mischievous look. Her lean athletic body with curves in all the right places made me ravenous with desire. Of course I could never have her…. She was my best friend's girlfriend. For months I tried to quench my thirst for her with elaborate fantasies. I hoped that this was a passing phase but 6 months later my burning hunger for her had not abated.

Imagine my surprise when one day Dave confided in me that recently during their lovemaking, Christy had started introduced me into a fantasy threesome! Dave said that at first he was shocked but that he was "kinda starting to like the idea." I tried hard to conceal my excitement and to not get my hopes up but it was hard. I just let him talk and tried to make him feel comfortable with the idea. When he left, I headed straight for the bath where I used my hand held showerhead to release some built up sexual tension!

Dave called on Friday and said that they were going out to a new club that had just opened… would I like to come? I tried to sound nonchalant about it but it was hard to keep the tremor out of my voice. For the next hour I ransacked my wardrobe looked for just the right thing to wear. I chided myself for my silly behavior but I was as giddy as a teenager on her first date. Naughty thoughts of Christy danced through my head in spite of my best efforts to talk myself into listened to reason. A fantasy was one thing…. That's probably all it was.

I settled on a short skirt, my knee high leather boots, and a little cropped tank top that showed off my best assets beautifully. Jacket in hand, I almost ran to the car. 

By the time I arrived at the club my panties were soaked wet so I took them off and shoved them under the seat. Dave and Christy were already in line and Christy waved me over with a smile that lit up the dark street. We made small talk until we were finally let into the club. The music was so loud conversation was almost impossible. The place was packed but we got lucky as a couple was just vacated their table in the bar at the edge of the dance floor. We snatched it up and Dave went to get some drinks. Christy looked gorgeous in a little sleeveless button down shirt and sheer skirt that showed off her legs (and more when the light was just right!) Christy was anxious to dance so we downed our drinks quickly. Dave said he didn't feel like danced and winked at me as he said 'you two go have fun.'

That was all the encouragement I needed so I grabbed Christy's hand and led her on to the packed dance floor. The beat of the music was seductive and after our drinks (which I strongly suspect were doubles!) I was feeling loose and uninhibited. We were danced so closely together that I could smell her .. and ever so often our skin would touch sending a current of electricity through me. She was so soft.. and she moved so gracefully. I noticed her watched me too… her eyes wandered like hands all over my body.

I put my hands on her hips and one of my legs between hers. Our hips moved as one... grinded seductively... until I feel her rubbed her pussy on my leg. Pulled her to me, I enjoyed the delicious sensation of our breasts rubbed together. Dave was watched our every move and I shot him an inquisitive look. The smile on his face and the two thumbs up assured me that he was enjoyed every minute so I closed my eyes and let the music take me.

I kissed her neck as my hands moved all over her body... I felt her melt into me as I took one of her hands and slipped it up under my tank top. My nipples stiffened at her touch as she circled them softly… squeezing them one at a time between her fingers.

Dave wasn't the only one watching us now... I could feel hundreds of eyes upon us but I didn't' care as I unbuttoned her shirt and start kissed down from her lips to her breasts. She ran her fingers through my hair. I cupped her breasts with both my hands and ran my tongue from nipple to nipple. Then I felt her warm breath on my ear as she whispered "take me... I'm yours..."

I locked eyes with her, and with one hand around her waist, I slowly guided her off the dance floor and to our table. Gently I lay her back on the smooth cool surface... Her eyes fluttered closed as I lifted her skirt and motioned to Dave to move up by her head. His hard cock was straining against his trousers as he quickly moved to Christy's head. I knelt down and nuzzled her pussy through her thin panties... pushed my tongue against the wet spot on the fabric.

Dave gently caressed her breasts as I continued to tease her pussy through her panties. Soon she was soaking wet and I slowly slid her panties off. Reaching over Christy, I held them up near Dave's face so he could inhale her intoxicating scent.

She was arching her back and wiggling her hips... ached for my touch. I ran my hands along her thighs and pushed them apart. I dropped back down on my knees... eager to taste her.... and parted her pussy lips with my tongue, hungrily lapping up her juices. Her clit is hard and throbbing as I take it in my mouth and suck it… nibbling it softly…. 

I traced the outline of her pussy lips with my finger. She was soooo wet. Her juices were trickling onto the table. Slowly... I pushed a finger inside her... feeling her lovely soft flesh.. so warm and soft... I felt all around inside her as I penetrated her deeper and deeper with one, then two, then three fingers. 

Dave was sucking on her nipple now... twirled the other between his fingers. I slide my hand down into my own wet panties as I suck her clit and fuck her with my fingers. I felt her pussy part as I pushed further into her then clamp down on my fingers as her muscles began contracting. She was bucking her hips wildly as continued thrusting my fingers in and out of her beautiful pink hole. Her juices dripped off the table, forming a puddle on the floor as she exploded in orgasm.

There is a crowd around us now and she was begged for more.... she was insatiable. I needed some release of my own now so I got up on the table and straddled her face. Pressing my wet pussy down onto her waited lips, I rocked back and forth as the waves of pleasure grew inside me. She licked and sucked me hungrily as I fucked her face and it didn't take long before my own juices were running down her chin and I felt my own orgasm gripping my body. 

Poor Dave was now openly stroked his cock through his trousers so I decide to give him a little relief. Christy and I got off the table and I motioned to him to sit. Christy eagerly unzipped him and pulled out his 9 inch cock which was red and throbbing. I don't have to tell her what to do. She devoured it with her mouth. Her pretty pink pussy is exposed for everyone to see and I cannot resist it. I somewhat guiltily pulled my strap on out of my purse and put it on. She started to look up but I gently pushed her head back down onto his cock. I began rubbing her slit with my strap on… coating it in her juices until I felt her pushing back against it. Her hot wet pussy swallowed it up in one stroke. Beads of sweat were glistening on her back as I increased my tempo. 

Soon her juices were running down her legs as she exploded into orgasm again. I could see that Dave wasn't going to last much longer so I pulled her off his cock. Dave grabbed her around her waist and lifted her as if she weighed nothing onto his lap. She wrapped her legs around him and I heard Dave groan as she impaled herself on his rock hard cock. Dave looked up at me with a wicked expression on his face then his hands slipped down to her ass… pulling her cheeks wide apart exposing her tight little pink hole. I tentatively started rubbing the strap around it. The strap on was still slick and wet with her juices and it left a glistening trail around her ass hole. I held it still at her tiny opening until she started to push back against it. I was surprised…but I didn't need to be told twice! I held her hips and began to penetrate her tight little hole. I pumped her ass as she rode Dave faster and faster. She was cumming again when I saw Dave's jaw set and I knew he was filling her with his cum. She continued to ride him slowly, milking his cock dry with her pussy.

We kind of all collapsed in a heap on the table after that. The crowd around us quickly dispersed and we somehow managed to compose ourselves and slip discretely out the back door. Dave suggested that we all go back to his place for a little wine and a dip in the hot tub. But that's another story ;)