 The marriage had been a disaster from the start. How she'd tolerated it for more than twenty years was beyond her. Only for their daughters sake she reflected. But Zoe was all grown up and living with her boyfriend now. And with the divorce finalised, least she'd got a nice house out of it. 

Eve downed the remnants of her drink and pushed the ghosts out of her mind. 

"Sod this. I'm here to have fun." She announced to the two friends sat around her. 

With that Eve launched herself into the throng of the dance floor. She may be in her mid forties but she still looked good and she had the confidence to hold her own out here. A few lines around the eyes wasn't going to stop her dancing. 

With arms held up she absorbed the music and lights, letting them draw her in until she was in a world of her own. She swayed with the beat as music filled her head, oblivious to the crowd, teenagers and young couples dancing and drinking around her. 

There were one of two other groups of older clients. They were the ones being sensible. Sitting around taking like Claire and Jane. 

Eve was out. She was feeling wild. Free of an annoying husband and she wanted to dance. The tempo changed and she followed the music, bouncing her body as though she was twenty again. 

Then she saw them. Three lads stood to the side watching her. One a dark lad, slender with well defined muscles restrained in a tight t-shirt. A slightly heavier white boy and a third, also white and slim. They looked quite hot for what were little more than kids and she couldn't help but fix them with a smile. Encouraged on by their grinning response she swayed her body all the more, purposefully making her tits jiggle. She was proud of them and it wouldn't hurt to tease a little. 

Moments later they'd surrounded her, moving with her. One sliding his hands down either side of her waist until they rested on her hips. His eyes stared into her cleavage without a burner of embarrassment. 

Another behind, pushing his groin into her arse. She pushed back, grinding against him, only pulling away when she felt his hard cock pressed against her crack. Too much she decided. 

Then the third was there, swooping her round and planting his mouth against hers. She let him kiss her, pulling away only as a tongue started to look for a way in. 

Eve laughed at them. Three lads trying to hit on woman. No chance. 

"That's enough, go find yourself some nice girls your own age now." She shouted above the noise before escaping to bar. 

At least here the music was quieter. She could hear herself think. She raised a hand to attract the bartender. 

"I'll get that."

The three lads had appeared around her as if from nowhere. The young black guy already with his hand on her arse. She considered swiping it away but couldn't help but secretly like it. Eve left it where it was. And besides, it came with a free drink. 

"Ok. Malibu if you're buying."

She glanced across the three faces unable to avoid smirking at their attention. 

"I'm a bit old for you three aren't I?"

"Dunno. How old are you?"

"Forty-five. Old enough to be your mother." She said expecting them to back off. 

"My mum's forty-six and she can still party." The heavier lad said. 

"You look gorgeous. Bet you can still go when you want to." The dark lad grinned. He tweaked her arse as reinforcement. 

Eve batted his hand away before he got too cocky. 

"Enough."

But it came back, resting gently on one cheek. 

"There's young girls all over, why aren't you chasing them?"

"Maybe we want a bit of experience."

"Young girls are boring. I like the more mature women."

Eve laughed. 

"You should watch less porn on your phones.

Milfs is it you call us?"

Eve took the fresh drink as soon as it arrived and sipped it to hide her grin. She didn't want them to get too confident with her.

"How old are you lot anyway?

Are you even old enough to drink?"

"We're twenty. Well. He's nineteen." He pointed at the other white guy. 

"That's Kevin by the way. 

I'm Josh and that's Dave."

Eve looked around at Dave, flicking her eyes down to where his hand still sat on her arse. 

"Keep it still if you want to keep it there." She said firmly if unable to suppress her grin. 

"Yes boss."

"Hey. We're only having a little fun." Kevin said. 

"We saw you come in earlier with your mates. Never seen you here before."

"No. First time. We wanted a night out and this place was across the street after we'd eaten."

Josh surveyed the dance floor. It was beginning to empty now. 

"It's alright here. A good mix. Always a few old... more mature people as well as teenagers."

"You hit on all the older ones." She was comfortable with the word 'older' even if he wanted to avoid it. 

"Never seen one as hot as you before."

She smirked. She hadn't ever been called 'hot'.

"And you. Kevin. You tried to kiss me out there. Brave aren't you?"

"Yeah. It was nice."

He slipped an arm around her. 

"What like kissing your mum?" She teased. 

"No. Like kissing a hot Milf." He laughed. 

"Well don't do it again."

"This place shuts soon. Come back to my place. We can carry on drinking." Josh suggested. 

"You're place? You're joking aren't you?"

"No. 

You'll be fine. Just a few drinks. Nothing else. Promise."

The other two nodded their agreement. 

"I'm not here to be picked up. Especially by kids."

"We're not kids." Dave protested. 

"Aw come on." Josh chipped back in. 

"Just a few drinks. You're a good laugh and we won't do anything."

Eve was tempted. She knew she should say no but this was fun. Her first night out in years and she didn't want it to end just yet. They looked safe enough and she could handle a few wandering hands. 

"Okay. Just drinks. 

Let me just go say bye to my friends."

She extricated herself from Kevin's hold around her waist and went over to the watching girls, taking a glance back just to confirm their interest. 

"You've scored. Good for you." Claire joked. 

"I'm going back with them for a few drinks. I'll catch you tomorrow." 

God that sounded lame.

"Eve. You sure you know what you're doing?" Jane's eyebrows rose skyward. She was the sensible one. A husband and three kids, she wouldn't even respond to a Chippendale stripping in front of her. 

"Ignore her. I'd go for it."

Eve felt sure she would. Claire had fucked at least two men other than husband that she knew of. 

"You got condoms?"

"Look. I'm just going back for a few drinks. Nothing's going to happen. Jesus. Look at them. They're younger than Zoe." 

"Exactly. Raging hormones."

"Shut up Claire. 

I'll ring you later."

And with that she went back to join the three lads. 

"Ready." She announced. 

Kevin hooked her arm leading her away as the others crowded around. 

The taxi journey was thankfully short. Spent with her thighs clamped tightly and constantly trying to keep prying hands at least below her skirt. She could see the drivers eyes flicking up at them in his mirrors. The pawing at her tits Eve accepted, it felt sort of good, and at least hands there were less of a threat than lower down. 

When the taxi pulled up by a Victorian terrace she was out as quickly as possible, turning away from the driver as Dave paid him. Embarrassment of what he was thinking engulfed her. She couldn't escape the clear picture of a forty-five year old with three twenty year old lads. Just what did that look like. With the night air clearing her head a little she started to regret the decision. She felt like a prostitute. 

But she was here now. There was no choice but to go in for a few minutes. Then she'd ring a taxi. Hopefully not the same one. 

"Let's go up to my room." Josh said almost straight away as he grabbed bottles of bud from the fridge. 

Eve looked shocked but then understood that this wasn't his house. It was his parents. 'His room' probably carried less meaning to him that it did to her. She hoped they were out. 

She took a look around realising this could be her home. Josh could be her son. But she was here now. One drink then she'd get out. 

Josh's room was larger than expected. A typical young man's room. A little untidy, bottles of aftershave and body spray lining a drawer chest and a pile of electronic devices next to a small TV and some magazines littered about. She deduced from them he was into cars. 

More of a concern was the lack of anywhere to sit other than the bed. But the drink was making her head spin again and she had little choice. Besides it would look awkward of she just stood there, or turned and ran. 

"Here." Josh offered her one of the bottles and she took a swig to settle her nerves.

"You married?" Dave ventured. 

"No. Not anymore."

"Great. You don't need to rush off then." Kevin had an arm around her again. 

"One drink." Eve stated firmly. 

"Just a kiss then." 

Dave was leaning in, his lips on her mouth before she could protest. Drink or otherwise Eve found herself responding. She couldn't remember the last time anyone had kissed her with passion. And he had such a sweat tasting mouth. The sweetness of youth. 

Hands came from behind, Josh's she thought, grabbing her tits, squeezing and searching out hardening nipples. She accepted it, even the firm tweaks when he found his targets. If she didn't object to the groping of her mounds then she should agree to her nipples being played with. 

She only jumped when Kevin managed to slide a hand up her skirt. Fingers briefly brushed over panty material where it touched her pussy sending a wave of desire through her body. 

"Stop." She snapped pushing them away. Now she was feeling a need to control herself as much as them. 

"Aw come on. You don't go to a club unless you're looking for some fun."

"Yeah, but not that much fun."

"You're divorced. That means you ain't getting any."

She glared at Dave, shocked at his forwardness. But he was right. She hadn't been 'getting any' for years. She took another drink of her beer and put it down on the floor. Her head was swimming again and she thought she'd drop it otherwise. 

"Okay. A bit of kissing." She offered. 

Josh was on her in an instant, pushing her down to the bed. He was rougher than Dave, less experienced. His tongue probed, seeking out her own. So good. Her body was trembling as desire rose in waves. She should go home before it became too much. She had a toy under the bed that would ease the ache building between her legs. 

The three young lads were pawing at her. Tiny voices argued in Eve's head continuing to tell her she shouldn't be here. Lads no older than her own daughter. What was she doing? 

But the alcohol swishing through her veins lowered inhibitions. An under-used pussy shouted loudly, telling her it didn't matter. But it did. 

"You're all too young." She whispered as if not really wanting them to hear. 

Josh was the bravest, moving away from her mouth, he pulled down her top and bra revealing her heavy tits. Arousal and a cool draft from an open window sprang her nipples erect. 

"Wow." Someone said. 

"Will you look at those."

Eve felt a wave of elation that a twenty year old would be impressed by her breasts. Then hands were on them and she pushed her arms out above her head to lift and firm them. With a deep breath she pushed her chest up, meeting an eager mouth as it latched onto her right tit. 

Kevin was on the other one moments later as hands pulled her bra further down.

"Oh Christ." She muttered. 

Tiny shivers ran through her as fingers plied malleable flesh and tongues flicked her hard nipples. It wouldn't hurt to let them play with her tits a while. It felt so nice after so long. Then she would go home. 

Dave spoilt the plan. He was lower down, almost unnoticed as he'd stroked her calf's knees. Now he was moving up, sliding his hands over smooth thighs, prizing them apart. Eve didn't fight it, instead letting out a low moan as her legs were gently pushed wide and the cool air attacked the dampness already showing on her panties. 

Eve's head rolled and she bit into the bed linen as a tongue flicked at the thin material. 

Her eyes opened sharply as she felt her panties slide away. For a moment she was about to stop things before this went any further. But the sight of Dave already naked between her legs held her back. 

He looked so young, so fit. His dark skin reflecting the light and contrasting against her fair skin. But it was his cock she focused on. Large, larger than most, bouncing freely as he positioned himself. 

Another sharp intake of breath from her as his mouth closed on her pussy again. She jerked in response. 

"Jesus fuck." 

It felt so good. Her labia gently teased by his teeth. A tongue parting the folds of flesh that guarded her tunnel. Juices flowed freely and he licked them up. 

Josh pulled back from her chest and began peeling his clothes away.

"You look great." He said. 

She opened her mouth to say something but only managed to stare as he pulled his jeans down. Another young erect cock, white this time, sprung into view. smaller than Daves but still a good size. 

She couldn't resist it. Eve reached a hand out as he moved closer and closed around it slowly, almost frightened it would dissipate into the air and this would all be a dream. 

It was hard, a throbbing manhood in her hand. She loved it. There was no going home now. 

"We're gonna make your night love." 

Kevin was the other side of her, yet another cock in her sight as she turned her head. So close. She licked her lips and he took it as an invite, pushing the swollen head between them before she could protest. 

Eve opened wide, inviting it in. The smell of musk invaded her nostrils and she breathed in deeply. Her tongue swirled around the intruder, savouring it's meaty taste. And as Dave pushed deeper into her tunnel she began stroking her fist back and forth along Josh's cock, enjoying its tiny twitches of excitement. 

Dave found her sheath, pulling back the protective folds before tapping her exposed clit with a finger. 

Eve responded with another involuntary jerk and she sucked Kevins cock harder. The finger circled its target, brushing over it occasionally. Each time sending a wave of shocks up her spine. Each time Kevin was sucked harder still. 

Eve forgot any pretence of going home. If these three young men wanted to fuck her she wasn't going to stop them. What did she care. She'd probably never see them again. She was as entitled to sex as the next person and who would know? Claire wouldn't have even hesitated. 

She pulled away from them, moving to the centre of the bed and began removing the last remnants of her clothing. She knew eyes were on her. But she also knew her body was still in good shape. She didn't have cellulite, her stomach was flat and her tits, despite their size where still somewhere near where they'd started out. She had nothing to be ashamed off and they'd made it more than clear they were happy with what they'd seen so far. 

In a moment of clarity Eve looked at them. She was naked in front of someone for the first time in a long while. Strangers. And there were three of them. Her stomach turned somersaults but her pussy burned, seeping it's nectar to leave a damp patch on the linen below her. 

"Oh fuck. What am I doing?" She gasped. But then a smile took over her face at the sight of three juicy cocks all pointing towards her. 

"Yeah. You know you want it." Dave started to move towards her. His eyes were bright, locked on her and his face had the hunger of a wolf. 

"Wow. Look at you. Forty-five, no way." Josh was in awe and she wondered if he'd ever actually been with a girl before. She felt proud of her nakedness. 

Eve took control before they piled onto her. She turned up the bed and positioned herself on all fours, letting her ample tits swing down. 

Josh came around and pushed his member into her welcoming mouth just as Daves colossal tool penetrated her pussy. She moaned with delight. Dave pressed on, deeper, sinking it up to the hilt. Eve shoved her arse back into him as if wanting even more. At the same time she began working Josh's cock. Sliding her lips up and down the thick shaft. Pre-cum coated her mouth with a sticky residue. Salty and bitter, it was wonderful. The first taste of a man in years, she wanted it all. 

Hands came under her chest, Kevin's she assumed, and cupped her tits, bouncing them. 

"Take it baby." 

Dave was hammering at her, his legs slapping into her thighs and arse, pushing her deeper onto Josh's cock. She let herself fall into a rhythm swaying back and forth with each thrust. Penetrated deeply first from behind, then in front. 

Desire and need rose fast. She could already feel her groin tightening as orgasm threatened. The cock filling her mouth twitched. Then came the woosh of creamy cum into her mouth. A load that swirled around her tongue and poured into her throat. She swallowed just as Dave lost control behind. More cum pumping up inside her with a warmth than comforted her pussy, but it didn't satisfy. 

Eve was close but Dave was already waning. His youth had cheated her. 

Desperate she pulled away from them and sought Kevin where he waited patiently. 

"I need you." She gasped, pushing him back onto the bed between the others. 

For the first time she saw a slight look of trepidation in one of them. Definitely a virgin, but he would last long enough. She was so close already. 

She swung a leg over him and pressed his cock into her lubricated hole. It slid easily. 

Kevin stared up at her. She could see the hunger in his eyes that matched her own and she began her relentless grind on his shaft. 

"Bloody hell." Josh was mesmerised. 

"Fuck-ing A-Maz-Ing" Dave announced. 

Eve glanced, seeing them stare directly at her soft pussy as it slid up and down the thick cock beneath her. Soft fleshy lips closed tightly around the shaft penetrating her. She felt elated. Three young studs appreciating her body. 

She put her hands down onto Josh's chest and leaning forward slightly, she sped up as she gave the others a clear view from behind. Her performance had the comfort of a porn star from one of the questionable sites she felt sure were on their phones. 

Gasping for air she stared unseeingly at the wall, focusing only on the burning tingle in her groin. Her bouncing tits began to hurt until Josh reached up. He held them, bringing relief as he let them jiggle in his palms. 

Eve came with an explosion of earthquakes that ripped up her spine. 

"Fu..uk." It was more of a squeak than a shout. 

Then Josh jerked beneath her, another stream of thick cum ejecting, filling her tight passage. 

She slowed then stopped and waited as the tiny tremors of her waning orgasm subsided. Hovering over Kevin she studied his young face. So boyish. She could have been his mother and yet the look of ecstasy that lay across him shouted out loud that this body of hers had satisfied him. She wondered again if he was a virgin. Had she, a forty-five year old mother just taken this young man's innocence? What the hell. He was happy. 

She relaxed, collapsing forward and rolled to her side. Letting her legs fall open so the cool air could ease her heat. She no longer cared that she was over twice their age. She just let the three panting lads stare at her tits, her thighs and an open pussy that dripped their cum onto the sheets. She wanted them to look. She wanted to be admired as a woman. 

"That was great." She voiced. 

Graham flitted through her mind for a moment. All those years of laying in a bed with a man who hadn't really wanted her and wondering why. Even in the early days when they had fucked, it'd been such a staid affair. Never had he done her like these lads. She was so glad to be rid of him. 
