 You're laying you on your back on the bed, and I begin and slowly pulling those tight shorts off of your body. Angie, you're best friend, lays beside you, kissing you and squeezing your breasts...

The tingling sensation grows as you feel of my tongue and breath on your inner thigh as my head gets closer to your wet, swollen pussy. I slide my hand between Angie's legs at the same time, making her catch her breath and moan as her lips press against yours. At the same moment I place my mouth around your clit, the same moment my thumb presses against Angie's nub, and together you and she moan and you buck your hips in excitement for more, for more than the fantasy of my mouth openly kissing and licking your pussy. I slide a finger into her wet pussy right next to you. She gasps louder as a thrust into her, her juices oozing around my fingers, and only notice for a moment as I nibble on your clit.

You turn toward her and kiss her neck, and as I'm fingering her and pleasuring you she slides her shirt up and off, exposing her breasts and pinches her nipples. Her blond hair spreads over the pillow and across your shoulder. Your own nipples are hard spears, scraping the inside of your shirt and feeling every thread of linen rub you as you take quick little breaths. You're wetter than you can remember without having squirted, and you know this by how damp your thighs are. That's not my saliva, you're sure. You are gushing lubricant. You are pouring juices, and my lips are kissing the sweetness from you.

Hearing and watching Angie being turned on, being pleasured, just like you've enjoyed alone with me so many times before is amazing. No jealousy, just pleasure and happiness that you have this wonderful connection and this sexy, fucking hot girl moaning into your ear. Her eyes close and her legs are in the air, inviting my fingers to go deeper, to press harder, to take the pleasure from her. You can't control it when it hits, but you tell us both, "I'm gonna cum! I'm cumming! I'm cumming, OH SHIT I'M CUMMING SO HARD!" Your pussy tightens, squeezing and squeezing and squirting a little from the intensity of the moment.

You look right at Angie as this happens, her own eyes mostly closed in sweet torture, watching her body shake as I push my fingers inside her, and unlike you she's a little shy about her own bliss, surprised perhaps by how bold you were, and she whimpers, "Oh my God!" before clenching her eyes and curling her toes in her intense orgasm right beside you. She's breathlessly beautiful as you watch her, and you grab her breasts and kiss her as she's cumming, proud of me for giving you both a nearly shared orgasm. She comes down slowly, eyes widening as she stares into yours, and says simply, "You're lucky! He's really good!" You both laugh and then moan again.

My fingers move quickly in her as I slowly lick you, and she moans, "Fuck...I'm gonna cum again! Already!?" She grits her teeth and squeezes her eyes tight. She's louder now, the ice broken, and you nibble her neck and wrap your hand around her throat as I take another sweet release from her. My fingers slow down, but my tongue speeds up on you, and suddenly you're in a whirlpool of pleasure, moaning and screaming how you're cumming again as you look into Angie's eyes. She knows, and kisses you deeply as it happens, the delicious moment shared between two beautiful friends, as only this could be.

I get up, scoot down to the end of the bed, and you two continue making out and touching each other. Her fingers find your pussy mound and gently stroke your clit while my tongue paints her outer lips. You lean over her and kiss her ear as she moans and as you finger yourself. As you lay beside her, whispering in her ear that you really wanna fuck so badly.

She tells you that she needs it too...

She rolls over, gets on her hands and knees, and straddles you, naked, ass out, kissing you as she wiggles her tush in a dare for my cock to enter. I stand up, both pussies just inches from one another. I finger you for a moment, then pull out, wipe your juices on the head of my hard cock, and line up with her entrance. She's bites her lip and as she looks down at you...and her eyes roll back as my cock slowly enters.

You recognize that look. That blissful pleasure than no one else has been able to give you before me. It's so sexy, so erotic, that you can't help but just stare. She opens her eyes wider and, between grunts of pleasure as I fill her up, fucking her gently and slowly, Angie asks you what you're thinking. "He's really good, isn't he?" you tell her. She just bites her lip and nods little curt nods, unable to speak as her pussy is driven to an orgasm only seconds later. You watch her face as she wrinkles her button nose, then her mouth opens wide and her eyes match as she screams "Oh, FUCK I'm already cumming!"

You feel a sense of pride here. You didn't do a thing, but you know your man just changed the game for her. You're not jealous or nervous, just pleased that your man can do something so magical, show you a vision of bliss that you regularly enjoy in the face of a wonderful, beautiful friend. As this happens, your fingers find your clit and quickly rub it, cumming to the sight of Angie's beautiful O-face You look down her body, her large breasts dangling above you, blond hair framing her cute face, and look down to see me holding her hips and thrusting slowly inside her. There's no slamming her, no rush. You once hated that, craved being pounded, but with time you've found this level of intimacy to be beyond anything you've had before. And from the look on her face, she too hasn't feel like this.

You remember all those lazy fucking men who banged you for 5 minutes and slept for 5 hours after. The occasional orgasm you had from their action didn't even rank compared to the touch of my fingertips. You suck on her hard nipple as I fuck her, gently, a lover. And you smile. This moment couldn't be better. Angie can't stop groaning. You can hear her cum again and feel moisture drip onto your stomach. You look down and see her pussy is foamy and dripping her juices on you. You rub them across belly and into your pussy, noticing you also have soaked the bed.

"Angie," I tell her, "I have to share."

She mock moans a complaint, then giggles. "Yes, she needs you more than me now." I pull out and line my cock at your entrance. Angie gasps as she goes from filled to empty more quickly than she wanted, and I get to see her pussy lips close, twitching from waves of pleasure. She shifts forward as my cock enters you. And Angie laughs as she watches you orgasm instantly. "I know you needed that," Angie tells you. "Fuck, I haven't had anything like that! It's like he has a magic dick!" You laugh, she laughs. We all giggle as I keep thrusting. We can't help but enjoy this moment together. Angie turns around, her legs on either side of you, pussy above your face, as she begins kissing me. I steadily pump into you, speeding up as her kiss excites me more.

"I know, it's like, Ugh, it's like...oh fuck, I'm cumming. Baby I'm cumming again!" I feel your pussy squeeze harder and harder, rhythmically pulsing. She squats and places her wet pussy in your face. You don't hesitate. You lap her up and she cries out. You have never eaten pussy before, but your enthusiasm makes up for the lack of experience. You know generally what to go for, and even though it's all upside down, the clit is hard and big and red. Your lips are covered in her fuck juice. It smells heavenly. She rides your face. Every time you orgasm, you suck her harder. And she cums, kissing me harder. The blissful cycle continues. I pull her close to me and bite her neck as I'm fucking you deeply. Everyone moans together. Her pussy is dripping, and you can feel the wetness running down your cheek and into your neck. I pull out, leaving you cold and desperate. You groan but lick her faster as she cums for a fifth time on your tongue.

"Angie. Get on your hands and knees above her. Now," I command. She obeys. As she gets into position, I spank her hard. She is gifted a bright red handprint on her left ass cheek. I rub it comfortingly. There's no malice, only a stinging, loving heat on her skin. You look at her face after the spank, and she appears in shock and surprise.

"Spank her again!" You tell me. "I think it's gonna set her off!" I spank her two more times, the opposite cheek, quickly, and we both watch a rare event. She screams, "Oh, FUCK ME" and begins shaking. She orgasms and we both watch her, surprised and pleased. Her hips buck and thrust, pussy juice dripping once, twice, onto your cunt.

I come close to her, my hard cock teasing her entrance, my lips at her ear, arms wrapped around her. It's the reason you love me, and the reason you both keep cumming so quickly. I whisper in her ear and loud enough for both of you to hear. "Are you okay? And was it gooooood?" I ask, stretching the word out as I thrust inside her. She bucks me and cums again, her body instinctively driving my cock deeper. You feel her legs quiver and you place your hands on her head as you kiss her, sharing the bliss. I pull out to the sound of a wet plop, then aim and push inside you. You gasp and she kisses your throat, your breast. Your nipple. The sensation is so much. You've never cum so quickly! You're both feeling the torture.

I push hard and groan. "I can't help it. I'm gonna cum now! Don't move, Angie. I'll make sure you both get some." Your legs are in my hands and Angie kisses you as I begin pumping in you hard, slamming inside you. Your clit is on fire, the pounding almost too much. "Oh, here it is!" I yell, and your pussy is filled with warm, wet sperm, squirting hard inside you. I pull out, as much as you hate it, but smile as Angie's face brightens with surprise when she's stuffed a moment later. She shakes and moans. "I feel it! It's so deep! It's so warm!" You finger yourself, cumming from the creamy semen dripping from you and the look of ecstasy on Angie's face.

"Oh my God he's making me cum too!" You smile as you watch her breasts jiggle and her pussy get filled with your boyfriend's hot, thick sperm too. Angie collapses on top of you, out of breath. You feel her cum and my jizz drip into your leg as she straddles you.

I lay beside you both, my arms holding you two close, my lips kissing your ear. You've never made love like this before, never felt so content. I kiss your cheek and you smile. You look into Angie's eyes and kiss her. Your tongues swirl together, dancing in the post pleasurable fucking that you both shared. You break the kiss, and Angie whispers in your ear. You giggle and say loud enough for me to hear. "She says that was the best she's ever had! I laugh and Angie kisses me, and for a brief second you feel a pang of jealousy, but only long enough to know that it's because you both have shared me equally.