 Author's Note

I am again to you, fellows, with another Chapter of my story.

I submit to you a brief summary of the previous ones.

Carol Blum, a married busty brunette 52yo and her son Scott, 18yo, have just started, in secret, an incestuous liaison, though she has not yet allowed him to go into a full sexual relationship.

One evening the house is invaded by a group of four escaped convicts; one white and three black men. They capture the entire family and repeatedly rape the woman. Then the husband is sent away, together with one of the intruders, and Carol and Scott remain in the house, at the mercy of three young (in their early twenties), big, sex starved guys. The white one of them, in particular, whose name is John (a giant of more than seven feet tall), takes advantage of the mature, short lady, who is sexually and verbally abused in front of her son. 

The incestuous attraction between Carol and Scott is easily found out: this increases the lustful desires of the three fugitives. The woman, on the other hand, is not a faithful wife. Her marital life is full of escapades and she regularly cuckolds her husband, mainly with younger, tall man.

In fact, after some initial shyness (due to the presence of her son), she is not too much reluctant to accept the rough sessions with John and his companions.

In the last Chapter a past threesome of the woman with her friends Helen (mother) and Rudi (son) is described. The narration is interrupted at the end of the Chapter. It will be completed in the future, because here I prefer to restart from "live" action: Carol is sitting, half naked, in the lap of John, who enjoys her luscious body, while the other men are preparing the dinner.

All the Characters are over eighteen years old. 

*

John had pulled Carol into his lap: he was covering her delicious white skin with gentle kisses and nibbles.

The mature woman, cradled in the muscled arms of her young lover, as though she was a small child, had thrown her head back, thus causing her large, all naked tits to thrust forwards. She was at the full mercy of that ravenous stud, who had conquered her, as a prey, in her own house, in front of her son and husband, transforming the small, beautiful wife and mother into his private toy, to be used and abused anyhow anytime.

By now, one of his hands had slid under the flimsy skirt --the only cloth she was wearing- and he was caressing her hairless pubes. His other hand was playfully cupping and bouncing one heavy tit, while his tongue was flicking the wrinkled areola of the second tit. 

Soft moans escaped Carol's lips. Beside that giant stud, the small, middle aged woman looked like a ten years old schoolgirl, if it had not been for those twin watermelons on her chest.

A long, passionate kiss on her mouth silenced her feminine groans. Then John had a new exciting idea.

In a quick motion, he stood up and, still holding the woman in his arms, he walked to the exit door, heading for the backyard. Along the way, he hooked a finger onto the waistband of her garment and pulled it off her feet, letting it fall to ground. Carol was in her full nudity, when the horny giant deposited her on a desk, in front of the swimming pool. 

"Wait here, baby!" he told her, and he went to the cabin, not before giving a couple of hungry kisses on the bottom sides of her appetizing boobs. 

Carol waited for his return, obediently, in the same position. The rich, haughty Mrs. Blum had been transformed, by the escaped convict, after only one night of wild sex with him and his companions, into an object of pleasure. John had become her dominant "big daddy" and she was, now, his submitted "little child".

When John was in front of her, he opened his fist and, with a sadistic grin on his face, he showed her what he had in his hand: a small, black piece of cloth.

"What is this?" she asked, in an unsteady, embarrassed tone.

"You should know, bitch!" he exclaimed, unfolding the black cloth: a micro thong, made just of a mini patch, to barely cover a little pussy, connected to some thin strings, one of which was clearly designed to run between the ass cheeks. 

He had picked it from the cupboard in the cabin, where he had put it a couple of hours before (go to Chapter 4, for reference).

"Your sexy swimsuit!!" he loudly laughed. "Titties and buns on full display and this sweet honey maker. . ." he did not complete the sentence, because he had already reached out his hand and was caressing possessively her tender pussy lips. 

"Not my swimsuit!" Her embarrassment was more and more evident. "It was just to please husband!"

"The sissy one?" His finger had found its way inside the pussy hole and was rubbing the walls of her tube. 

"Ooohhh. . ." she moaned. "Don't. . . please. . . don't. . ."

"Did you show it off to your boyfriends?" he inquired.

"Noooo. . . never. . . never. . ."

"To your son?" he insisted, and a sudden blush on her face made him sure he had hit the target. "Aaaaahhhh. . . the little perv. . . he likes to ogle at mommy. . . let's give him a surprise!" And, with that, he started wrapping the micro bikini bottom around her hips.

"What. . . what are you doing?" she asked; but John, with expert hands, had already knotted the strings on her sides.

"Okay, lil one! Ready for dinner!" He turned her around, palmed her ass cheeks for some seconds, just to check the smoothness and roundness of the twin globes, then he made them wobble and tremble erotically, under a couple of open hand slaps.

She let out two high squeals, but he didn't care.

"Come to daddy, little one!" he told her, and, rapaciously, he scooped her up.

Carol did not try to writhe: she let him carry her like a child in his massive arms. Because she had no chance with that gigantic stud, who could crush her easily to unconsciousness with only one swipe of his huge strong hand. 

It was an exciting feeling, for him, to handle the small, but voluptuous body of the mature woman. Her soft, ivory-white skin and her ripe flesh, both of them openly offered in her nakedness, urged him to satiate his lust from that beauty.

He started kissing and licking her upper arms, neck and shoulders, then his tongue explored and slobbered on the damp recess of her left armpit, before tracing its way over the velvety surface of her underarm and tit. He nuzzled in her exquisite tenderness, voraciously capturing one pink, hard nipple between his lips.

"Ooohhhh. . . ooohhh!!" she yelled, when he pulled on her bud, stretching the heavy boob away from her chest.

Carol was very sensitive on her breasts and many times she had cum, just by their manipulation. Now, the expert treatment she was getting from that hunk of a young male was driving her to a state of pain mixed to pleasure; her moans and giggles increased, as John opened wide his lips and most of her left tit-flesh was swallowed in his large, sucking mouth.

He switched from one boob to the other one: both her stiff long nipples throbbed, under his oral stimulation. He kissed all over her upper body, before moving to her belly, where he found and playfully licked her joy button.

She felt like being a prey, conquered and devoured by her predator: just there, held up in the air by his strong arms, pushed against his hairy chest. 

John had never toyed, before entering the Blum's house, such a delightful, diminutive milf, like Carol. She was small, fleshy and all eatable; she was a peach-skinned body, filled with malleable jelly. And her high pitched screams of fear and joy were sweet music to his ears.

His cock throbbed in his pants, stretching the cloth obscenely: a mountain of meat, ready to explode into a river of thick cum, like a geyser.

But now it was time for dinner. His friends were waiting for him and for the gift he was carrying in his arms: the hot Mrs. Blum, dressed in that micro thong, which barely covered her shaven pussy and nothing more. He was bringing them the sexiest waitress ever seen.

The two of them were in front of the entrance door. Carol's yells had been certainly heard by the guys inside.

"Okay, little child," John said, raising his mouth from her wet body and bouncing her, up and down, a couple of times, like a puppet. "You've had enough, for the moment. I'll fuck you later, in your marital bed; and the perv son will witness the most erotic sight of his life: his big boobed mommy banged by the biggest cock she's ever known!"

"Oh my god," she thought in her mind. "Another night of sex with this monster hunk of meat! How will Scott react?"

John entered the dining room, still holding his human doll up. Her son and Nick were there.

-------------

Now the Chapter continues with the narration (present tense)from Scott, Carol's watching son.

John's huge frame stands on the room's threshold. 

"Hey, boys, watch the doll I'm carrying!!" he shouts, with a large smile through his face. Mom looks like a little shrimp, in his powerful arms.

The group of bastards, headed by this mountain of muscles, has invaded my house twenty-four hours ago, and during all this time mom has been used and manhandled by them like a flesh toy. Especially her tits, always exposed in their full glory, excite the libidinous desires of these brutes, who grope and maul, freely and repeatedly, at any occasion, her ripe heavy melons, and let her loose unimaginable orgasms, after multiple fucking sessions.

The sight of John cradling carrying mom all around, from room to room, as though she is his little child, has become familiar to me; and I have discovered, to my own surprise, that I am no more jealous: my mom is still the object of my incestuous fantasies, but the sexual use of her healthy body by these voracious studs makes me horny, makes my dick hardening like never before, in my life.

"Holy shit!!" Nick exclaims, with a whistle. "What a tasty morsel for our dinner! Show her off, pal! I want to get a better look of this hottie!"

"Okay, Nick! Watch, now!!" And John stretches his arms, raising mom up, with no effort at all. He wiggles her in the air, supporting her body with his hands: one under her back, the other one grasping her crotch like a bowling ball. Her face is only a couple of inches from the ceiling.

"Ohhhh! Wooowww!! Bounce her around, man!" Nick says excitedly. "I want to see these milky boobs all wobbling like jellies!!"

"Yeah. . . yeah. . . the baby's ours. . . all ours!!" John knows very well how to have fun with a little pixie like mom. And he makes her shriek, when he spins her about, then up and down, as though she is a weightless doll.

My dick swells, as I watch mom roughly played: a small, curvaceous brunette in her fifties, wildly manipulated and toyed by a strong, dominant, brutal giant in his early twenties.

When John decides to stop pumping his human barbell up and down, he lowers mom to his head level and kisses her: first on her mouth, then on the silken skin of her heavily breathing boobs.

"You're daddy's child, little one; you belong to me! Okay?" Another kiss, kind of bite, on one long nipple, which sways enticingly, as soon as he removes his lips from it.

"This chick is no more your father's wife, she's my girlfriend, my fiancée, my little child!" he says, approaching me; mom is still in his arms, her naked breasts on display, like a pair of juicy, suckable melons. 

"D'you want to have a better view of this bimbo?" Without waiting my answer, he carries her to the dining table and arranges her on her feet, in the middle of the desk.

And finally all of us, including Tom who has come from the kitchen, we can have a full vision of mom: she is all naked, except for a miniature piece of cloth, wrapped around the bottom part of her well shaped body.

"Aaaaaahhhhhh. . ." the two blacks shout out, with delight. 

"My cock can't wait to plunge into this oldie!" one of them exclaims. 

"And lick out her nectar!" echoes the second one. 

"Surprised, dude?" John asks me, with a devilish laugh.

Of course I am surprised! Mom is wearing the micro thong I bought for her; the micro thong she secretly put on, when we were alone at home and we had fun around and inside the swimming pool.

It's like John has read my mind. "You wanted the sexy mommy only for you, little brat! But now she's in our hands and we can do her! Anyhow and anytime we want! Okay?" Then he reaches out and playfully snaps his finger inside the small patch of mom's thong, to pull it off, before letting it return to its position over her crotch. 

"Nice flesh!!" he exclaims, smacking her luscious ass globes with a couple of slaps that make her gasp and whimper like a little puppy.

"This chick, here, is sweet and tasty, like an apple pie!" Nick says, grasping mom, pawing at her breasts and sucking them greedily into his mouth. 

Then he puts her on the floor and "Go to the kitchen, baby, and bring us the food!" he exclaims. "Today you are honoured to serve us! To be our waitress!" And he emphasises his command with a hard slap across her naked butt.

Mom lets out a high pitched scream and runs to the kitchen, one of her palms over the hit flesh of her ass. 

I am astonished. Never, in my thoughts, I had figured my mother so submissive to the desires of a group of eager, young strangers. 

Now we are all seated around the desk. 

"We are the hungry clients in a topless bar!" John says dramatically. "And our waitress is ready to show us her mammaries!"

"Let bounce these babies for us, Carol!" he exclaims, when mom comes back from the kitchen, with some dishes in her hands.

She puts the plates on the table and this movement makes her breasts jiggle in front of us. Before she sits on her chair, John grabs her by her waist and pulls her into his lap.

"Here, sweetie! To your daddy, lil one!" His laughter echoes throughout the room. 

And mom takes her own food, staying on his thighs, like a little baby. She lets him play her tits and upper arms with a free hand, while he uses the other one to eat.

"Hey, pal, don't be greedy," Nick claims "let the baby have fun with all of us!" "Okay, guys!!" John grins. "Did you hear, shorty?" His fingertip is tracing soft circles around her nipple, over the wrinkled skin of the areola. "You're our servant! Hurry up and do what my friends want!!" 

A last slap on one dangling boob, then John pushes her toward his companions. 

Mom is totally obedient to her captors. Meek like a lamb, she serves them drinks and goodies, she lets them take any kind of liberties with her body. Her white unblemished skin, fully exposed except for the wisp of cloth around her pubes; her diminutive older frame passed on from one to other huge young black man; her soft moans; the erotic sounds of her manhandled flesh. All of that turns the scene into a crescendo of excitement and animal lust. 

I can't help stroking my dick through my shorts, especially when I see the two studs coercing mom to drink wine from their own glasses. I know that she can't stand alcohol and quickly she becomes drunk.

In fact, she is a rag doll, now; and her voice slurs, when Nick gathers her from Tom's arms and puts her on his lap. He bends his head down and he playfully smells her armpits, before giving her a licking bath of saliva all over her smooth upper body: shoulders, arms, armpits, neck, under arms and boobs.

"Oooohhhh. . . oooohhhh. . . stop. . . stop. . . you're eating me. . . you can't. . . " she pleads for mercy.

Of course, Nick does not stop: he is too much sunk in his pleasure.

"Christ. . . how tasty you are, baby!!" he says, in between his slurps and suckles. "This old chicken is so juicy! I'd suck on her flesh till tomorrow!"

His teeth close around one pink nipple and tug at it, making her tit sway back and forth on her chest. Then he shifts to the second breast. 

Mom's squeals fill the room. The man has full dominance over her. 

Delicious sight! I feel waves of arousal spread through my body.

"My turn, pal!!" Tom's booming voice resounds in the room, as he approaches the couple and without hesitation takes my helpless mom up in his black huge arms.

"Little pet! Little little pet!" he exclaims, squeezing her body against him. His lips push hardly at hers and his grasping palms rummage her white flesh; mom squirms, letting stifled moans escape her throat.

"Now you're my toy, mistress Blum!" he yells in her ear, sucking on her neck, till her skin is marked with a red love bite.

"Aaaaahhhhh. . . " she screams, but nothing can stop him; his lips have found the way to her round shoulder and then to the hairless armpit: the erotic sound of his devouring wet mouth over her creamy smooth immaculate body joins with mom's girlish like squeals.

"Bimbo loves the big boy!" John winks at me and laughs hard. 

It's true. Her little hands try to push away Tom's head from her nudity, but she is far too weak to be a match for this solid mass of muscles. And, after all, the young black is a handsome Adonis who well knows how to please and tease his woman: in few time mom has completely yielded herself to his lustful assault.

Sometimes he enjoys tugging at the strings of her micro thong, without removing it from her hips: mom is nothing more than a little toy in the hands of these hunks.

Now she is sitting at the table, on Tom's lap. She eats and drinks. He pours her gin tonic and she is visibly on the way to get inebriated, but before the damage is done, he stops: because he wants her well conscious of his cock inside her hole, when he will decide to fuck her.

"Jeezz. . ." he exclaims, fondling her twin milky globes and moving them up and down, in his palms. "These yummies are soft and firm, just made for my mouth!"

Then, abruptly, he drops her from his thighs and, with a vigorous slap across her right buttock, "Bring up some ketchup and mayonnaise, slut!" he orders. 

And mom, obediently, trots off to the kitchen: her tits, like two balloons, bob and jiggle erotically on her naked chest.

When she comes back, with two tubes in her hands, Tom stands up from the chair, takes mom up by her waist and carries her to a large couch. 

She is sitting beside him, and he is clutching, again, one big boob with his hand, making her groan in pain.

"You licked and sucked milk from these mams, didn't you?" he tells me. But he doesn't wait for my answer, because he continues: "Now watch what I'm doing to your mom!"

Nick, too, has come to the couch. She is in the middle of them: a diminutive female and two huge males, whose ravenous gazes and wandering hands clearly show their lust. 

"Look how these little cocks are pointing out!!" Tom says, caressing her nipples: first one, then the other one. 

"Yeah!!" Nick replies. "Much more than one inch! My lips can't wait to play with these toys!"

"Okay, pal, I'll serve you!" Tom's laughter echoes in the room. "What d'you prefer? Ketchup or mayonnaise?" And he shows his friend the two tubes.

"Ketchup!!" Nick says, taking one tube. 

Tom is pushing mom's arm against the back of the couch with one hand, while with the other hand he spreads the mayonnaise over her large areola. The sauce spurts in a long uninterrupted stream, across the rosy wrinkled skin; he is decorating the fleshy melon, as though he is moving a brush over a palette. When the areola is done, he looks with satisfaction at his work: the pink nipple is sticking out provocatively from her sprayed, gorgeous tit and he snaps it a couple of times with the back of his finger, like a little boy is playing with a marble. Then he fully covers the hard prominent nub with the yellow cream; the last target of the remaining stuff is the mole on the edge of her breast.

Nick has worked the second tit in a different way: he has lathered the tomato ketchup all over the right boob, which is now fully covered, including nipple, by a coat of red sauce.
