 I wrote this for my girlfriend after learning that she likes reading erotic stories. She showed me some of the things that she likes and told me about some of her fantasies. I wrote this to get her excited. Hopefully you enjoy it as well. I welcome comments and suggestions as this is my first writing attempt. 

***

Earlier today you went out and bought a new bra and some sexy black lace panties to wear out. This one is only a shelf bra - it doesn't cover your nipples but it supports and pushes your breasts together. You decide to wear it with your green dress that shows off your cleavage so well. 

After getting dressed you look at yourself in the mirror to make sure you're not showing the world too much. You can see your cleavage but the dress reveals the top swell of each breast without showing too much. "I look kindof hot" you think.

At Megiddo's (the new upscale restaurant), after being seated at one of the more secluded tables, you decide to check yourself again in the ladies room mirror. You're still not revealing too much but you decide you're still sexy. 

Back at the table, you ask the waiter a question about two of the wines. He reaches forward to point to the wine list and his hand brushes across your breast. You quickly glance up at him and his attention is on the wine list like nothing happened so you decide it was accidental contact. Still, it sent a tingly jolt through your breast. You look at him subtly and decide that he's kindof cute. Suddenly you feel a buzzing between your legs from the remote controlled vibrator in your pussy. You had almost forgotten you were wearing it. HE must be on his way to join you. 

You manage to keep your composure. The buzzing stops after a few moments and then HE sits down across the table from you. Then you realize he's staring at your chest. You glance downward and your dress is still covering everything. You glance back at him and he whispers that his remote must have worked because he can see your hard nipples pressing against the fabric of your dress. At first you're concerned but then you start thinking about how you like him admiring your body. 

The waiter returns and stands next to you as the two of you order. You glance up as you tell him what you want and you realize that he is staring down the front of your dress and that he can see not just the top your of each breast, but that he can see your nipples. He smiles at you and you glance down inadvertently and realize you're staring right at his crotch. You can see the outline of his cock and you can see that it is hard. You look across the table but HE is looking at his menu. 

The waiter reaches out to take your Menu and again his hand brushes across your breast - this time right across your nipple. - the fabric of the dress trapped between the edge of his hand and your now tingling nipple for what seems like an eternity. You feel electric butterflies in both breasts and then they swirl and dive South, a strong tingling between your legs. You clamp your mouth shut to stifle the moan welling up in your throat. You look up at the waiter and he just smiles at you. Is that a glimmer in his eyes or just the candles reflecting from the dreamy green...

"Self control!", you tell yourself firmly. 

Dinner arrives and you smile at the waiter as he serves the plates. You eat, enjoying the food but your thoughts have you distracted. 

You look across the table and start to ask about the entree HE chose, but as you open your mouth you see him press the remote and suddenly your already damp pussy is on fire from the vibrations. A few more button pushes and the vibrator switches into a pattern where it starts slowly and gradually builds up speed before ramping back down again - never bringing you to climax but bringing you closer each cycle before pulling you back from the edge, your hands gripping the edge of the table, all the while HE is looking into your eyes, smiling. HE knows what he's doing to you, knows how good it feels and how much effort it's taking for you to maintain any sense of outward composure. 

The vibrations ramp down one last time, then stop. As you relax your grip on the table, you realize that the waiter was standing about 15 feet away during all of that and that he was watching. You also realize that, under the table, your legs opened up, seemingly of their own accord. You feel another tingle spinning around your pussy. 

Sitting there, trying to slow your breathing, you become aware that, even though the vibrations have stopped, you are now ravenously horny - your thighs, arms, chest, breasts and pussy are all alive with a fiery tingle. You slowly close your legs and enjoy the lust and desire welling up in you, thinking about the waiter's green eyes. "STOP IT", you mentally shout at yourself. 

Shortly the waiter brings you a new glass of water. As he serves it, a few drops spill on the skin of your upper chest. The cool droplets are a shock to the heat you are feeling and you let out a small gasp. The waiter immediately grabs a linen napkin and blots up the water. This time, the small moan can't be contained. He smiles and slides his hand down further, sliding under your dress to caress your breast. His fingers find your nipple and suddenly it's like a bolt of lightning shot from his fingers, through your breast, and down to your clit. You feel the wetness between your lower lips, and notice-that HE is not at the table. (He must have left as the waiter arrived with your water). You tilt your head up as he bends down and kisses you hard, deeply, hungrily. You can smell his cologne- it smells like sandalwood. As he keeps caressing your breast, you moan into his kisses. "Oh god, i want him. I want him in me, fucking me". His hand slowly withdraws as his kisses end. Again you notice his hard cock, larger this time, straining against his black jeans. 

As the waiter leaves, HE returns to the table. Smiling, HE reaches into his pocket and the vibrations begin yet again - pulsing this time. Suddenly it hits you: both of these men want you. And they're both trying to get you so turned on that you'll let them have you. Two different approaches. Little do they know that, combined, the two efforts are driving you to the edge. They both want you and you have decided to let them have you; your horny lust cannot be contained much longer. 

You excuse yourself and head for the lady's room to try to regain a little composure but, on the way, you feel someone move in close behind you. As arms reach around you, holding you firmly, you feel kisses on the side of your neck. As you tilt your head back, submitting, you smell sandalwood again. You moan with pleasure, his hands caressing your body as he guides you down the hallway, pushing you through a door that says PRIVATE. Once through the door, you hear it lock and you turn to face him. He pulls you hard against him, his lips on yours as he deftly unzips your dress. It falls to the floor and you step out of it, shedding your now drenched lace panties in one move. You reach for his zipper and his long, hard cock springs free as you pull his pants and shorts down and you feel a rush through your whole body - you can see how much he wants you.

He picks up your dress and drapes it across a chair as he guides you over to a long sofa. He begins kissing and touching you everywhere -seemingly anticipating every spot that you want him to kiss, to touch. It feels like he has more than two hands but that thought is pushed from your mind as you feel the tip of his strong hard cock stroking between your tingling wet lips. You reach down and deftly slip the vibrator out of your pussy and he bends down to lick your fingers. 

"Please fuck me" you whimper and without a second of hesitation he plunges the full length of his strong hard cock deep into your now dripping wet pussy. Suddenly you feel hands on your breasts as HE steps forward, his thick, hard, cock swaying in front of you. You open your mouth and he slips it between your lips as you are pounded. It's not long before HE comes - you know just how to get him there. 

HE moves down so he can lick and nibble on your breasts. HE picks up the vibrator and grabs the remote from his pants on the floor and turns it onto high and starts to swirl it around your clit, finally hitting the right spot. You arch your back, thrusting yourself hard against the cock driving deeply into you. As you climax, your inner muscles clamp down, sending him over the edge, emptying his load deep inside you. 

The three of you pause to get your breath and you realize that you are still uncontrollably horny. You sit up and look at them in turn, raising an eyebrow and the waiter sits down on one side of you. He reaches out, running his fingers through your hair and starts kissing you deeply; passionately and it sends new tingles through your body. His hand finds your breasts and the voice in your head is shouting "fuck me more, fuck me more". As he is kissing you you feel his cock against your leg as it starts to twitch and harden again. He turns you on the couch so you can lean back against him. Your legs spread of their own accord and he reaches down to touch your clit, eliciting soft, hungry moans from you. 

Suddenly HE is moving up between your legs, pressing his thick, curved cock into you, holding it there..."he's so hard ", you think. His thick cock fills you and all you want is for him to fuck you. He slowly begins stroking in and out of you, your pussy on fire. As he reaches full depth, his curved shaft starts hitting your g-spot and you feel the pressure building; the attention your clit is getting stoking the fires. Without warning, HE leans back, pulling you with him. As you lay on top of him, HE kisses you firmly, roughly, like he can't control himself. The waiter moves up behind you as you feel him spreading your wet juices around. You feel the tingling build as you feel him pressing at your back door. You will yourself to relax as his long hard shaft slides into you. You can feel both cocks moving inside you; filling you. 

Suddenly it's more than you can handle. Your orgasm crashes over you like wave after wave of heavenly pleasure as your spasms send both of them over the edge filling you with their cum. The three of you disentangle yourselves and get cleaned up and then dressed again. Before you are finished dressing, you realize that HE has slipped out the door already. "Typical of him", you smile to yourself. The waiter walks you to your car, kissing you softly and passionately before closing your door. 

Once home you relax with a nice hot shower and climb into bed naked, enjoying the cool feel of the sheets. As you drift off, you think, "I believe I have a new favorite restaurant".