 This is another story that I wrote for my girlfriend's reading pleasure. If you haven't read "Your Night" then it might help to read it first. But it isn't necessary to enjoy this one. 

***

"This really is the best view in the entire hotel" you think to yourself as you stretch languidly in the warmth of the whirlpool tub, the morning sun illuminating the room. You look out over the beautiful sugar white beach and blue water through the floor to ceiling windows of the Diamond Suite that HE reserved for you. 

"HE should be here in a couple of hours", you whisper, already starting to tingle with anticipation. You start thinking about the last time the two of you came here and, without even realizing, you start caressing your breast. As your fingers touch your nipple you feel the tingling growing. Knowing what happened last time already has you horny and it's not long before your hand moves down across your belly and through the soft hair on your mound. "I wonder if I should get a Brazilian wax while we're here to surprise him". You pick up the phone next to the tub and call the concierge. He answers with a strong, masculine voice and your imagination has you picturing what he looks like, as your finger slip between your velvety lips. Trying hard to keep your voice steady, you ask him to schedule an appointment for you tomorrow morning followed by a massage. You wonder if he's picturing your smooth bare pussy as he sets up the appointments. 

"We'll see you in the spa at 10am ma'am. Is there anything else I can do for you?" 

"YES!! Come up here and fuck me", your mind screams. 

"No, thank you. That's everything for the moment ". Hanging up the phone, your fingers frantically working in and out of your pussy, you build towards your climax. Your left hand grasping at your rock hard nipples as the fingers of your right pump while your thumb lashes at your clit. Suddenly your body stiffens as the muscles inside your love tunnel spasm around your fingers, your lustful moans and grunts lost to the sound of the water splashing around in the whirlpool. 

You relax for a few minutes longer, then head to the shower. You take your time in the shower, caressing yourself, enjoying the feel of your skin's tingling; reveling in the knowledge that you're still horny and want more. 

As you step out of the shower you hear your phone ring. Answering it, you hear HIM on the other end telling you that he will be held up for another day or two. HE says that he wants you to enjoy yourself and that HE will arrive as soon as he's able. Hanging up, you shout "DAMMIT! Now what am I going to do?" 

As you're drying off, there's a knock at the door. You wrap the towel around yourself and tell them to come in. 

"Concierge, ma'am" TINGLE

"We have a message for you. I'll leave it on the nightstand."

"Ok, thank you"

You finish drying off then, enjoying the air on your bare skin, walk naked into the bedroom. On the nightstand is a red envelope. Opening it, you wonder what HE has to say, but as you start to read it, you realize that HE didn't send it

***********

I know that your plans for today have been put on hold. If you would still like to have a good time today, slide this envelope back under the door. 

***********

As you think about what "good time" could mean, you start to feel excited butterflies in your stomach. It hits you that if they meant a normal good time, then this secrecy wouldn't be necessary. 

Boldly, you slide the envelope under the door. Before you can push it through all the way it is taken from the other side and replaced with a blue envelope which you open immediately. 

***********

Follow these instructions if you still want to do this. If not, slide this envelope back under the door and you will not be contacted again. 

1. unlock the door to the suite and prop it open with the deadbolt. 

2. Go back into the bathroom and take another shower. Enjoy it, think about what you want from this.

3. After your shower, come back into the bedroom for further instructions

***********

Debating in your head, you realize how badly you want this; how horny you are. Your body tingling, you immediately unlock the door and prop it open the way the note said and head for the bathroom, locking the bathroom door. While showering you think about how badly you want to be touched, fingered and fucked. 

"Stop! Don't get yourself too worked up. This could just be a prank or something innocent", you tell yourself. 

Finishing your shower, you slowly dry yourself off, enjoying the feel of the soft, luxurious towel on your bare skin. 

Unsure of what you'll find, you cautiously walk into the bedroom. Before you get through the doorway, you see that one of the chairs from the sitting area has been moved to the middle of the floor. You glance towards the door and see that it is fully closed. As you turn towards the bed, you see clothing laid out on the bed with a green envelope on top. Your recognize the clothing - you were going to wear it when HE got here: your red satin bustier, black lacy panties, black garter belt and stockings, and the black sheer short robe. 

You open the card and reading the instructions you feel the butterflies whirl faster. 

***********

1. You are still free to back out by slipping this envelope back under the door. If you still want to do this, read on. 

2. Put on the lingerie that we have laid out. It was chosen because it is sexy and wanton. Dress slowly, enjoy the way each garment feels and looks on you. 

3. Do your hair and makeup but do them in a way that shows you want this. 

4. Unlock and prop open the door

5. Put on the blindfold that is on the nightstand

6. Sit down in the chair and wait. Be patient. 

***********

For the first time you notice a black satin blindfold on the nightstand. You stand there, holding the envelope trying to decide what to do when your cell phone buzzes. You pick it up and see that HE has sent you a text saying that he will arrive mid-day the day after tomorrow. You text back " okay " but in your mind you shout, "I'm too horny to wait that long"

Your mind made up, you pick up the lacy panties and put them on, enjoying the way they feel on your pussy - the friction adding to your arousal. You look at them and notice that the lace doesn't really hide anything, only enhancing the naughtiness of the view. 

Slowly you put on the garter belt and stockings followed by the bustier. The top edge of it only partially covering each nipple. You remember that when you tried it on in the store, as they got hard, each one popped free of the bustier - the main reason you decided to buy it. 

You pick up the sheer robe and walk over to the mirror, admiring yourself and thinking, "HE is missing out on this - I look so fuckable!"

You put on the sheer robe, enjoying the shortness of it - it doesn't fully cover your ass cheeks. Plus, it's so sheer that it just enhances the whole look rather than covering anything. You close the robe and tie the sash, enjoying the feel of the material on your nipples. Sitting down at the vanity, you work on your hair and makeup. Finally satisfied that the whole look says "fuck me", you admire the whole ensemble in the mirror one last time. 

Grabbing the blindfold, you stride boldly to the door, unlock it and then cross to the chair, sit down, and put on the blindfold. 

As you sit there, time seems to pass slowly and you start to wonder if anyone is coming. After what seems like an eternity you hear the door open and close. 

You can't hear anything but your breathing. As you wait, the butterflies swirl faster and faster. You start to imagine they might want to do to you. Mental images of long cocks sliding into you appear with increasing frequency as the silence seems to last for hours. 

Suddenly you feel someone behind you, grabbing your breasts and the butterflies scatter all over your body, sending a rush of warmth and wetness between your legs as your nipples are pinched through the sheer fabric. 

The hands move up, caressing your face before grabbing your hair and pulling your head back for a deep, forceful kiss. The tongue plunging into your mouth like a small cock sends waves of pleasure through you. "TAKE ME" you shout in your mind. 

As the kiss finishes, the hands move, tying your wrists to the arms of the chair with soft, satiny straps. You feel the hands on the underside of your knees as they pull you forward in the chair so you're sitting on the edge. 

Suddenly the hands pull your legs apart, drawing a long, sultry moan from you. Your legs are tied open and you can feel your wetness increasing, slowly running down to the chair. 

Anticipating more, you wait, the silence overwhelming. Again, you imagination starts to run free and you try to guess what's next, your crotch getting wetter and wetter. 

You think you feel a body moving close to you and you are kissed again, more passionately this time. The kisses move down to your neck, then chest, then to each breast in turn ; each nipple getting a special nibble before the kisses move down, following each leg from hip to ankle before landing on your mound. You try to push your pussy towards the mouth but can't. It kisses your mound again then it blows gently across your wet lips, never making contact. 

The mouth withdraws and you are left with your imagination again for several minutes. 

Suddenly you feel cold metal on your arm as the satin bonds are cut from your wrists then your ankles. Your hands are taken and you are pulled up into a standing position. Immediately you feel someone behind you, their hardness pressing against your rear. His hands cup your breasts for a moment before a second pair of hands join in; sending lightning straight to your clit. As they slowly remove the robe, you enjoy the feel of their hands and of the material sliding on your skin. 

As the hands remove the robe you feel more hands unhooking your stockings, slowly caressing your legs and inner thighs; coming close to but never quite touching your soaking wet pussy. As these hands tempt and tantalize you, you realize that these hands have long nails, sending a moan escaping from your lips. 

Before you know it you are standing there completely naked, leaning back against the person behind you as the three of them caress and kiss and suck every inch of you. Every inch, that is, except your pussy. "Please, please touch me", you whimper. 

The hands stop. "Please, I need it", you implore. The hands guide you away from the chair and turn you around and ease you down on the bed. You hear the sound of clothing being removed and then they help you to move towards the center of the bed before joining you. 

Immediately you feel hands all over you again, still avoiding your pussy, which is on fire with desire. 

You feel a mouth pressing against your and you kiss back, wanting to be taken, wanting them to do everything to you. Suddenly you feel the lips replaced with harder flesh. You open your mouth and take the hard cock in, licking and sucking it. As you do, you feel hands on your legs and you open them wide, but still no contact, just the teasing fingernails and the mouth blowing across your wet lips. You arch your back, trying to make contact but you are pushed back down. 

You feel someone moving up between your legs and you reach down, trying to guide them into you. Your hands find a thick, long cock and you start stroking it but still nothing touches your soaked honey hole. 

Without warning you feel your arms pulled to the side and held down as your legs are pulled open and held there. 

"God, yes, fuck me!! Plunge into me! Use me", you shout, trying to press yourself closer to the hard cock waiting between your legs. 

You feel him lunge upward, impaling you on his hard shaft. Your pussy feels completely filled, stretched to accommodate his thickness sending an orgasm crashing through you. GOD YES I NEEDED THAT!

He lunges upward again, your wetness allowing him to penetrate you fully. You start writhing on his cock, savoring every little movement. As he works his long shaft slowly in and out of you, you feel kisses on your abdomen. As they move down to your mound, you feel long hair fall across your tummy; the kisses finding their way to your clit as she starts driving you towards another orgasm. You've never felt a woman's touch before and find that you like it as well as a man's. You feel the fire building inside you again. Suddenly, she starts sucking on your clit as he drives into you hard, full of lust and animal desire. This sends you over the edge, you spasms causing him to unload deep inside you. She kisses you gently on your pussy, licking his shaft as he withdraws, leaving you feeling slightly empty. 

They reposition you on the bed as they move around, placing you on your hands and knees, raising your ass up in the air. You feel hands caressing your ass cheeks as you feel a new cock pressing against your still needy pussy. As he pushes into you, he pushes you forward and a hand presses on the back of your head, pulling your mouth down onto a smooth, slick and very wet pussy. You hesitate, never having done this; never having been interested, before plunging your tongue between the slick lips. Savoring the wetness and the taste, you explore with your tongue and fingers; using your knowledge of what you like. Soon she is writhing and moaning with your efforts as you try to please her just the way you're pleasing the cock slamming in and out of your pussy.  

Her moans start to sound more and more like an animal; guttural, lustful. You feel your own orgasm building. Suddenly she arches her back as you feel her pussy spasm around your tongue. That sends you over the edge. Before long, this has him cumming deep inside you. 

He pulls out and you roll onto your back, your pussy finally satisfied "for now", you think. 

She moves down beside you and kisses you slowly, gently, but passionately. She removes your blindfold and you reach up, running your fingers through her hair, pulling her harder against your mouth. The kiss ends gently and you suddenly feel completely exhausted. You drift off to sleep. 

You awake to the rattle of a room service cart but by the time you manage to open your eyes, the room is empty. You find yourself in your bed, tucked under the covers. You feel tired but satisfied as you step towards the cart. On top of the metal dome you find a pink envelope. You smile reflectively as you read it. 

***********

We hope that you enjoyed yourself today. We have taken the liberty of sending your lingerie out for cleaning- there were a few damp spots that might stain. 

In the nightstand drawer is a disposable smart phone. We thought you might enjoy the memories of today. 

***********

You step over to the nightstand and retrieve the phone. Turning it on, you are presented with pictures of your "activities for the day": from sitting alone in the chair, to being touched and teased, to being undressed, to being led to the bed, and, finally, the pictures of you being fucked and of you licking her to orgasm.

You put the phone back on the nightstand and head for the bathroom for a leisurely shower. As you step in you think, "I wonder what I'll do tomorrow".