 When I saw Kristen working at the dinner, I knew that was it for me. She was 5'7", has a natural tan, which she gets from her Indian Heritage, green eyes and long light brown hair. She has that sexy, fuck me hard look in her eyes, which she just hasn't found the right guy to help her with that.

Kristen is due home in a couple of hours and I still have no idea of what to say to her about the night at Dave's. We've had some talk about "what if's," past relationships, dreams, fantasies, but it never went any farther after that. We've even had our wild nights in bed and I've even tried to get her to talk dirty during sex. 

She gives it her best shot but there was always something missing. I know Kristen has a freak flag, I can see it in her eyes. I just have to get her to fly it. And when she flies it, I have a feeling I'm going to have my hands full.

We've never really had a problem with sex. I just want to give her what she's been missing her whole life, what she's been wanting but just doesn't know it yet.

So, I decided to take her shopping and make dinner for her at home. Didn't want to talk to her about it in public though, that would infuriate her. Can't blame her, it would me too. 

I had talked to Dave and Vicky and we planned on tomorrow at their house. I would text them a yes or no so they would be prepared for whatever situation. Dave also suggested we come over early and go for a swim in their pool. I thought that was a great idea, a little flirting here and there, kind of warm her up slowly.

Ok, here she comes. I need to not have the guilty look and calm the hell down.

"Hi baby, how was the trip?" as I gave her a big hug and a kiss.

"It was long but glad to be home," as she smiles that killer smile at me.

"I'm so glad your grandma is doing better love."

"Me too. It was a long week but I tell ya baby, grandma's tough, she didn't want to stay in that hospital any longer," Kristen laughs.

"She is a tough one at that. Well babe, I was thinking about going to the mall and I'm going to make you dinner. How's that sound?"

"Sounds perfect babe."

Kristen freshened up and we went to the mall. It wasn't a long drive which was good since she'd been on the road for a while. I bought her a nice blouse, casual yet really sexy. It was a light green, perfect for her eyes, curving low, giving just the hint of her beautiful breasts. I've always been a fan of not too much exposure, why show it all, leave something to the imagination.

As we left the mall heading for home, Kristen asked me what was for dinner. I told her I was making some pasta, her favorite. I had some wine too, hopefully a couple of glasses would relax her for our upcoming conversation.

I made some stuffed shells and we had a salad while waiting for it to finish cooking. I then got us a glass of wine and snuggled up close to her. 

"Dave and Vicky invited us to come over tomorrow babe. He said maybe we'd go for a swim and hang out for dinner and a movie with drinks, what do you think?"

"I really didn't want to do anything tomorrow baby."

"Ahhh, come on, might be good for you to get out and have some fun. You've been in and out of the hospital all week, you need to unwind love."

I could tell she was thinking about it so I knew it was a yes.

"You're right, I need to go out, enjoy myself. It's been a long week."

"Wonderful! We won't have to get up early either, we can go over mid afternoon."

"Ok, sounds good. It's been a while since I've seen them anyway. Did you have a good time last week at their house?"

"I had a great time babe."

I went and checked dinner, it was ready. Wow, step one done, now step two, telling her.

"Dinner's ready babe. Do you need some more wine?"

"Yes, that would be great, thank you!"

We sat down at the table to eat and she was telling me more about her week with her grandmother and her sister. There was a break in the conversation which I took as my cue. I figured I might as well be blunt as can be, no reason to beat around the bush.

Time to break it in and I need to do it fast before I chicken out. "Babe, I have something to talk to you about. I know we've talked before about doing different things, sexually I mean. I'm going to be straight forward wtih this, what would you think about having sex with Dave and Vicky? All of us......together."

Damn, I think my heart is going to pound out of my chest. She stopped eating and just looked at me.

"Are you serious, where did that come from?"

Ok, no need for secrets, I need to tell her. "Last weekend, Dave asked if we wanted to. He said him and Vicky needed something else, special, exciting in their lives. Vicky has had past group sex relationsehips and he wanted to give that to her again. He said he could tell she wanted it, missed it. He thought of us because they knew and trusted us. Dave wanted it to be all of us, that's what he had planned for, but you weren't there....and we all had sex babe. They want it to be all of us and I think it would be really incredible babe."

"All of you had sex? Like, last weekend?"

"Don't get mad, please, just listen. We don't have to do it if you don't want to but I really think you wouldn't regret it."

I walked over to her, grabbed her hand, stood her up and put my hands on her face. "I love you Kristen very much, and you know that. Dave and Vicky are our friends and I trust them. I know you will enjoy it, I see it inside of you, your need to free your sexuality, to be wild once in a while. Of course together," as I wink at her.

"But you didn't wait for me," Kristen said.

"I know I didn't and I hope you can forgive me. I would never want to hurt you love."

"I appreciate you telling me, you could have lied about it. But I still cannot believe you all had sex." She was pacing back and forth, her hand on her head. "Let me think about it, ok?"

"Sure thing love, sure thing." I gave her a sweet kiss and wrapped my arms around her. 

We finished dinner and we showered together. I love taking showers with Kristen. I took my time washing her hair and seeing the soap and water falling down her breasts is the most beautiful vision ever. I then washed her body, intentionally taking my time with that, hoping it would warm her up a bit. Then we went to the bed and I made love to her, making her cum over and over again.

After Kristen fell asleep, I sent a text to Dave. I let him know it was a go, even though she never officially said it, she was thinking about it which meant yes. I also told him we needed to break her in slowly. Shortly after that he texted back with a no problem, they had it covered.

I laid in bed and couldn't stop thinking about tomorrow. Damn, I was so fucking excited.

We arrived at Dave's about 2 in the afternoon. We had brought our swim suits and some drinks for later. Kristen had been kind of quiet during the ride and I didn't push any answers from her. After we got out of the car, Vicky came running out and gave Kristen a big hug, giving her best wishes for her grandmother.

We all went out by the pool and it was a beautiful day out. The sun was out but there was a slight breeze which made it perfect. There was a Weeping Willow tree near the pool and I loved those trees, they tell such a story in themselves. 

"Kristen, you want to come help me get some drinks in the kitchen?" Vicky asked.

"Sure," Kristen replied.

The girls were in the kitchen getting the drinks and Vicky took the opportunity to talk to Kristen. "Listen, Kristen, I know Zach told you about last weekend. I don't want you to feel uncomfortable. I hope you're not mad."

"I was surprised to say the least," Kristen laughs. "I've never done anything like that before Vicky."

"Well, this is what we're going to do my dear. We are going to swim for a while, have dinner, have a few drinks and the call will be yours. No pressure, ok? We'll take the cue from you. How does that sound?"

Kristen thought about it, didn't sound too bad and she thought she could handle that. "Ok Vicky, you've got yourself a deal."

They got the drinks and walked arm in arm out to the pool. 

"Ok, I say we get our swim suits on and go for a dip," Dave said.

They all went in the house and changed and met back at the pool. 

The girls looked nice, both having on a bikini but they had a skirt on the bottom which I thought was really sexy. Again, a hint of imagination and their hips swaying so slightly was so fucking hot.

We got in the pool and were playing around swimming having a great time. I looked over and saw Dave and Vicky kissing and her legs were wrapped around Dave's hips in the water. Kristen caught my attention, looked at me and smiled. She tilted her head and walked towards me, wrapped her arms around me and gave me a nice, fierce kiss. 

Damn, Dave was good! What a way to relax the moment for Kristen. We continued kissing for a bit and I reached down, grabbing her hips, pulling her against me. Ummm, she felt good. 

I stole a glance at Dave over there and they were still at it. Sweet, that gave me the green light I needed, for the moment anyway. I wrapped her legs around me and started slowly grinding on her pussy. Kristen was softly moaning on my lips so I knew she was relaxing. 

I decided to see how much further I could take this. I reached in between her legs, caressing her pussy. I pushed her suit aside and my finger slid inside of her slippery, glorious, wet pussy. I slowly stroked her lips, touching her clit on occasion but not too much, had to keep her hot and horny all day. 

I stopped rubbing her pussy and put her suit back in place. By then Dave and Vicky were moving to the chairs by the pool, so we followed suit. Thank God I had my big trunks on because I was hard as hell.

Dave grabbed Zach and went in to get some more drinks.

"Kristen, can I ask you a question?" Vicky asked.

"Of course," Kristen replied.

"Have you ever been with a woman before?"

"No, I haven't."

"Does the thought bother you?" Vicky asked.

Kristen was quiet for a moment and then replied, "No, the thought of it doesn't bother me Vicky. I've just never done it before, I guess never been in a situation like that."

"Can I ask you another question?" Vicky asked.

"You can ask me anything Vicky."

"Can I kiss you?"

Kristen didn't reply but just looked at Vicky. Vicky didn't wait for an answer and walked over to Kristen. Kristen was sitting on a lounge chair and Vicky straddled the chair so carefully and gently put her hands on Kristens face. She looked at her and leaned in and softly kissed her. Vicky looked up and Kristen didn't protest so she made the kiss deeper, sinking her tongue in her mouth. 

By then Kristen put her hand on Vicky's head, bringing her closer and opened her mouth to her. She leaned towards her and their breasts were touching while they eagerly kissed one another. Kristen was breathing heavy by now and was trying to get Vicky closer to her. 

Vicky slowly stopped and gave her a nice, quick kiss on her lips. She reached down and caressed her breast slowly and then got up and walked back to her chair. When she sat down, she looked at Kristen and told her it's going to be a great night.

Kristen could not believe what just happened. Vicky's lips were so soft and she loved that kiss and she knew she wanted more. 

Just then the guys walked in, laughing. Seems they were laughing at some guy joke but Kristen wasn't even thinking about them.

"Well, ladies, was thinking about ordering Chinese for dinner, sound good?" Dave asked.

"Sounds great," both girls replied, looking at each other.

"Did we miss something?" I asked.

"No, Kristen and I were just having some girl talk, right Kristen?" Vicky asked.

"Yup, girl talk," Kristen replied.

While Dave went in and ordered dinner, the rest of us went in the house and changed clothes.

"Are you having a good time baby?" I asked Kristen.

"I'm having a great time. Vicky kissed me," she said with a smile.

"Wow! No kidding!" I couldn't believe my ears, this couldn't be going any better. "And how did you feel about that?"

"I liked it," as she grabbed me and kissed me with such intensity, I could feel her heat. Fucking A, I could not believe this! I grabbed her ass and pulled her to me, and pulled her leg to wrap around me while our mouths mated like never before.

"Wow love, I'm glad you are enjoying yourself," I said.

They walked out to the living room where Dave and Vicky were sitting already.

"The food should be here in about 40 minutes. Do you all want to play a game until then?" Dave asked.

"What did you have in mind Dave?" I asked.

"Well, I thought we would play a quick game of Quarters with a mixture of Truth or Dare and Strip Quarters," as Dave laughs wildly.

That made us all laugh, Dave being the group comedian and all.

"Let's see," as he calms down. "If we miss our shot, the last person who shot can either do a truth or dare or have them take something off. Any objections?" Dave asks as he looks around.

Everyone nodded and agreed all was fair and went to the table. Dave let everyone get a couple of practice shots in to warm up and then the game was to begin.

"Alright, I have a set of dice here, let's roll it to see who goes first," Dave said.

Dave rolled first with a 3, then Vicky with a 5, Kristen with a 2 and Zach with a 6.

"Ok, Zach, you're up," Dave said.

I threw my quarter and made it.

"Well damn, talk about luck," Dave laughed. "Alright Vicky, let's see what you got."

Vicky's quarter bounced, hit the rim and fell on the table, which caused a whole bunch of whooping and hollering at the table.

"Ok Zach, you get to ask her what she wants," Dave said.

"Alright Vicky, truth or dare or strip?" I asked.

"Truth," Vicky said.

"Ok, have you ever kissed a girl before?"

"Yup, sure have," Vicky winks, which of course caused more raucous at the table.

Dave bounced the quarter and missed. "Ok Vicky, you don't have to ask, I'll strip."

"That's what I'm talking about baby, take something off," Vicky happily yells.

Dave took his socks off and the table went silent. 

"Are you kidding me?" Vicky asks.

"Nope," Dave says as he practically falls off the chair from laughter, which caused the rest of the group to do the same.

Kristen bounced the quarter and misses also. She looks at Dave and says, "Truth."

"What is the wildest thing sexually you've ever done?" Dave asked.

"That's easy, I've kissed a girl," Kristen replied.

"Woooohooo, that's what I'm talking about," Dave yells.

I looked at Kristen, winked at her and I can tell she's warming up. Damn, this is going to be a great night!

I bounced the quarter and I missed.

"I'm not giving you a choice, take something off babe," Kristen said with a sexy smile.

I gladly obliged and took my shirt off. 

Vicky bounced and she also missed. She told me she wanted a dare.

"I dare you to kiss Kristen for one minute," I said. Damn, if Kristen does this, everyone will see how hard I am getting.

Vicky looked at Kristen with a sly smile, raised her eyebrows in invitation and Kristen got up and met her halfway.

"Ok, the clock starts now," I said.

Vicky gently grabbed Kristen's face and kissed her. Their lips locked and opened to each other in invitation. You could see their mouths moving over each other, their tongues dancing with each other, neither coming up for air. Vicky grabbed Kristen's breast and that brought a moan from Kristen's lips. Kristen then grabbed Vicky's breast and gently squeezed. 

Each of them had a hand on the other's breast with the other hand on their head bringing them as close to each other as possible. 

You could have heard a pin drop at the table, the guys were watching with their mouths open.

Just then the door bell rang, dinner was here. Dave went and opened the door and the delivery guy looked up and saw the girls kissing. His mouth dropped open too and Dave had to ask him twice how much he owed him. Dave gave him the money and the guy left, with much reluctance.

"Time," I said, with a very dry mouth. Holy shit that was hot!!! My cock is so hard I think it's going to burst.

"Fuck, you two, that was hot," Dave said.

The girls sat down, not saying anything but with a big smile on their face.

They decided to take a break and eat some dinner. I knew that we needed to get some food in us, it would be a long night.

After they ate, they sat down with fresh drinks.

It was Dave's turn and he made it in the glass and so did Kristen.

It was my turn and I missed the glass. I told Kristen I wanted a dare.

"Take Vicky's shirt off and kiss her for 2 minutes," Kristen said.

I looked at Dave and Dave just smiled, giving me the go.

I walked over and took Vicky's shirt off. She had on a sexy bra and my cock was rock hard. Kristen said the time had started and I didn't waste any time, so there I was kissing Vicky. Our lips met and I opened my mouth right away to taste her. She kissed damn good and I know she could feel my rock hard cock against her belly. I put my hands on her breast and gently squeezed them. Our kiss became more intense and now both my hands were feeling her breasts. I caressed her nipples which were already hard and that seemed to turn her on.

"Hell guys, I'm all about forgetting the game and going to the bedroom," Dave said. I could see his cock was hard as hell too. No one argued and we went to the bedroom.

I continued kissing Vicky and Dave went and grabbed Kristen. He took her shirt off and while they were kissing Dave unclasped her bra. He put his mouth on her breasts and sucked on her nipples. Kristen put her head back in ecstasy and her moans filled the room. They stopped to only take their clothes off and by then Vicky and I had followed suit. 

I laid Vicky down on the bed and sucked on one nipple, then the other. I moved down to her belly and spread her legs open wide. By then both girls were on the bed with their legs spread, getting their pussies eaten out vigorously.

Vicky had her right leg draped over Kristen's left leg and both their outer legs were spread wide. I dove my face into Vicky's pussy, sucked on her lips and then opened it up. I stuck my tongue inside and tongue fucked her and then I grabbed her clit with my mouth and stuck my fingers inside and started finger fucking her. 

Dave was eagerly eating Kristen's pussy and I could hear how wet she was. Her eyes were closed and one of her hands was tugging on her nipples. Vicky was doing the same while arching her pussy towards my face, grinding on my mouth, moaning loudly.

"Zach, keep sucking, I'm going to cum all over your face! Fuckkk Zach, Fuck, fuck, fuck!!! Zach, I'm cumming, I'm fucking cumming!!!" Vicky yelled.

She arched her pussy more towards my face so I could drink all of her juices and just then I heard Kristen yelling, cumming all over Dave's face.

I put Vicky's legs back and dove right into her pussy with my rock hard cock and starting fucking her madly. I was drilling her so hard and the sound of my cock banging against her very wet pussy was driving me wild. 

I looked over and Kristen was getting the same treatment. She looked at me and smiled and as much as I like fucking Vicky, I had to be inside of Kristen right now. I tapped Dave and motioned for us to switch. I rammed my cock inside of Kristen and was fucking her just as hard and I met her mouth and we kissed with such passion it could have made me cum right there. 

I stopped and motioned for Kristen to get on all fours so I could fuck her from behind. Before I put my cock inside of her, I bent down and tasted her pussy. Damn it was so wet! I sucked furiously on her lips. 

I was getting ready to fuck her and Vicky stopped fucking Dave and told us to move sideways on the bed so Vicky's pussy could be in front of Kristen's face. 
