 Zach seduces the guest wives on Valentine's Day

WARNING: This story involves scenes of graphic sex including adultery and anal. If that is not what you are looking for don't read on. All sexual acts depicted in the story are committed by adults over eighteen years old. Although this is a Valentine's Day story get ready for a 'Mr. Toad's Wild Ride!'

*

"Ooohhh Zach, your cock feels soooo good up my ass first thing in the morning," my wife moaned as the warm water of the shower cascaded down her body. "Hurry up and fill my ass with that hot thick cum I love so much. I wanna have breakfast by the pool this morning and I don't wanna drip your pints of cum all over the chaise," she grunted as I ran my cock out and in deep.

"Well let me see if I can tighten up that old ass of yours," I growled in her ear as I pinched her thick clit. She moaned and her body trembled and her hot juice sprayed my hand. Her ass-chute gripped my cock and pulsed over and over like it was sucking my dick. That pushed me over the top and I went balls deep up her ass and shot my morning load far up her ass. She fell back against me as off she went on a quick series of mini orgasms. 

When I pulled out my wife's ass a big anal 'O' winked at me as it slowly closed. She loves my fat eight inch cock riding anywhere in her hot MILF body. We washed up quickly after Shannon the oldest niece banged on our door and yelled, "Hay you horny old people get out of that shower and stop yelling. My guess is you won't even get dressed today. Come down for breakfast." 

I was very smart in getting my business started and over the years it made us very wealthy. We lived in an average neighborhood but in a large estate at the end of a cul-de-sac. The seven bedroom manor house was set way back and had a long driveway after a gate. My sister-in-law Mary and three adult nieces were the first to enlarge the extended family, then my eldest son married and they live in the second wing I added after building an addition for Mary and my three nieces.

So on any given day I had six females, my wife Beth, SiL Mary, my three nieces, Shannon, twin sisters Bree and Marie and DiL Kate walking around in various states of undress sometimes vying for some of my special attention. Two baby boys graced our extended family, one with my sister-in-law Mary and one with my daughter-in-law Kate (she tricked me before taking off to Africa with my eldest son). My eldest son Jake was back to Africa on assignment so Kate spent a lot of time in the main wing. 

After that 'hot' shower with my 'hot' wife she sat out by our pool naked to have her breakfast. I was sitting at a table beside her in the nude and was caught off guard when five naked females walked out to the pool with a coffee urn and baked goods. My wife asked where the babies were and two women said they were sleeping after being breastfed so we brought out the monitors. Kate walked her breast up to me and said there was some warm sweet milk left if I wanted some for my coffee and they all laughed at my expense. 

My wife asked what we were gonna do for Valentine's Day since it was on Saturday this year. The two twins yelled out, "a pool party," and Mary said, "It might be nice to have some other adults around for once," as the youngins snickered and we all laughed. We all kicked some ideas around until I said, "I got the perfect idea!"

"We will throw a Valentine's Day Masquerade Party! We will invite some of our close friends but also some of our stuck up acquaintances."

"Why would we want to add those people?" Beth asked.

"My thoughts are we send out individual invitations with individual instructions to each partner. The theme will be famous romantic partners but no spouse will be the other's counterpart. I will arrange for several limos with plenty of champagne to get the eight women separately and other limos for their men partners. Then I'll arrange with the costume company to dress eight women and eight men in specific characters, all with masks. The rule will be that you have to spend the party with your historic character partner. There will be plenty of booze and "enhanced" food and deserts then we will sit back and enjoy the show!"

Everyone loved the idea until I told my three nieces and daughter-in-law they will be dressed as harem girls. I told the four women the plan was to show a lot of skin, even naked boobs "by accident" to get the poor men all worked up. Beth and Mary would be matched to my character but they were free to tempt any of the men or women as they wanted. 

Shannon the older niece said loud and firm, "I belong only to you Daddy Zach, and if my slutty sisters wanna get all wet over some old men cock then let them. I'm not gonna participate and that's THAT!" I asked her if she would at least wear her sexy skimpy outfit for her Daddy. She pouted then smiled sweetly and came over and kissed me deeply. "Of course, Daddy Zach, anything for you, but if I get all horny myself you're gonna have to make love to wife number three, ME!" With that all settled we made final plans for that Valentine's Day "orgy" I mean party.

I contacted the costume company with plenty of time to get the fifteen specific costumes we wanted and said I would pay very well. All eight of the invitee couples belonged to the same club and gym and kept themselves in shape and the women were within a dress and breast size of each other so that made it even more difficult to identify their party partner. The invitations indicated they had to conform to the authentic period costume so underwear would match the period. I instructed the guys to disguise their voices as best they could throughout the night. 

For our four intimate friend couples we chose Pocahontas and John Smith, Romeo and Juliet, Cleopatra and Mark Antony and Paris and Helena. All of them were "well" acquainted with each other and would not object to switching partners for the night. Beth gave each of these four women the 'heads up' specific that they would experience a different 'head' if they were to find themselves in a dark corner and were willing. 

For our four other couples we chose Scarlett O'Hara and Rhett Butler, Jane Eyre and Rochester, Guinevere and Lancelot and Queen Victoria and Prince Albert. None of the spouses were matching. We had found all these women to be snobs or unkind at one time or the other and they pussy whip their husbands. All female characters were chosen for their style of dresses which as I planned I'd hoped to flip up on their backs as I drove my big cock up where they never experienced before. I told the manager no hoops under those dresses and make sure the pantaloons had elastic waists. 

Scarlett was a spoiled trophy wife of Fred an investment manager; Jane was the bookish lawyer who dominated her banker husband Mike. Guinevere used her power on the planning board to give us a hard time for our expansion plans on our estate and lastly Queen Victoria was the overtly prim and proper and judgmental wife of Charles an elder of the church we attended occasionally. We all were members of the private tennis and golf club we attended.

I would be Samson and my wife and sister-wife would be dressed as Delilah. I told them they were free to tease the hell out of Rhett, Rochester, Lancelot and Prince Albert as were my four harem girls. I know my Beth and could almost guarantee each of those husbands would find pleasure as the party progressed.

On the night of the party the limos picked up their assigned passengers and made sure the champagne was popped and free flowing. I arranged for the same at the costume house to get the women buzzed before they even got to the party. For the men we hired an escort for the limo ride to get them wound up and buzzed also. The limos then dropped off the costumed ladies then the men to our estate.

Champagne, wine and a spiked punch was readily available in the den and around the pool area. Not asking my twin nieces from whence it came they had made up horderves and deserts enhanced with some great weed. We warned our special friends about which ones were enhanced but not the unsuspecting others. It did not take long before the historically romantic couples began getting frisky with each other. Our swinging friends got things started as lips and masks were met in deep long kisses. Tight embraces led to breasts and cocks being felt up over or under the costumes.

The other four couples were slow on the uptake but the spirits and food soon had them with their guard down. No one in that group could be sure if they were kissing their spouse or if they knew who was groping their breast or firm ass. When I saw her alone in a dark corner of the yard I went after Queen Victoria. I had seen her kissing Prince Albert for quite some time before she broke off the contact and entered the dark portico in our back yard.

I came up behind her as she leaned against the portico railing and kissed her wet on the neck and licked up onto her ear and behind her lobe. I have found there to be a very erotic starting point. She moaned in spite of her self-righteousness and leaned her neck back. "Are you having fun my Queen on Valentine's Day?" I whispered into her ear as my hands came around and cupped her breasts. 

She moaned again as I massaged her breasts. She took in a deep breath when my one hand slid into her bodice and squeezed a bare tit. It fit my hand quite nicely and her nipple firmed into my palm so I tweaked it with my fingers. I ran my other hand down her dress and stopped to cup her crotch. She opened her thighs and I rubbed the fabric across what I hoped was her labia.

"I feel so unnerved, so not like myself. Are you my husband? I can't let you continue if you are not!" she murmured unconvincingly as she massaged my crotch with her ass. 

"Of course I am my darling Margret but I saw you kissing the Prince fellow like a common hussy. Seeing you doing that got me both angry and very excited. The devil has sway over me tonight. I want to do naughty things to you here in the dark and I want, no demand you submit to your husband," I growled as I shimmied her dress up the back of her legs. She drew in a deep breath but did not try to stop me.

I pulled down her pantaloon to below her ass cheeks and gave her ass a firm grip and a quick smack. She moaned as I slowly slid my fingers down her ass crack and onto her very wet pussy lips. "Oh Charles, someone might see us. This is very naughty. You must stop," she moaned but she spread her thighs even more to give me better access to her wet pussy lips.

"If you want me to stop why are your nether lips so wet? You have never been this wet before for me. Nor have you ever let my long fingers slide up into your womanhood to drown in your wetness. You have become my slut out here in the dark, my play toy, my naughty Maggie. My cock, yes I said my cock is so hard I want to take you bent over the railing. Now spread for me you slut!" I growled as I slapped her ass several times.

"Oh Charles spank me again I am so naughty! I'm such a bad girl. Daddy use to spank me so hard for being naughty until my hiney hurt and I'd cry. But I was so naughty when I felt something get hard on my tummy that I moved around on it. Daddy would huff and spank me even harder. Be my daddy Charles, and spank me so hard" she whimpered as she pushed her ass back and cradled her head in her arms on the railing.

The back of her dress was up high on her back and her ass shone wet in the tiki torch lights. "Count off your disciple naughty Maggie," I growled as I slapped her ass. "One," she moaned. "Two," and she pushed her ass up higher. The patio music drowned out the subsequent eight more hard swats on her slightly plump ass cheeks. Her breathing was heavy as I dropped to my knees and ran my tongue across her pussy lips. 

"Oh Charles that is so sinful, don't lick me there like a common street whore," she moaned. She was dripping hot juices out her naughty quim and down her thighs. She growled as my long tongue pushed her pussy lips apart and my fingers found her clit. I rolled that button between my finger and thumb and pulled on it hard several times.

Fingers from my other hand pushed up into her dripping wet pussy and found her g-spot. With fingers on her clit and the others against her g-spot I rubbed her to possibly her first orgasm as her legs shook and she yelled into her arms and pussy honey shot out over my fingers. "Oh Charles what are you doing to me, what, what is that feeling? My tummy is all butterflies. Oh Charles, oh Charles!" While she shook through that orgasm I slid a wet finger across her backdoor and it gave way. I pushed a finger deeply up her ass and she shook wildly and pushed her ass back towards my finger. Her pussy gripped my fingers over and over as she moaned and leaked pussy juices as she came again.

Before she could recover I stood and pushed my groin wrap aside and took my dickhead to the lips of her pussy. My fat dickhead and about an inch of my dick pushed into her opening which clamped down on my cock and pulsed. Maggie moaned deeply and gushed hot juices on my invading cock. I let her ride out another orgasm then pushed another two inches into her very tight cunt. She moaned and pushed back and took all of my other four inches. 

My fat eight inch cock was deep down her cunt pushing out her pussy walls as it went. It was so tight around my fat cock that I knew Charles wasn't as big. When my dickhead reached bottom rubbing her door to her womb she orgasmed again soaking my cock in her hot fluids. Not giving her time to object I started riding her pussy for my own pleasure. I slid out to my dickhead then drove my heavy balls against her ass. She moaned both when my cock left her pussy and again when I filled it again. Her ass was pounding my cock as I went deep.

"Oh my god Charles you feel so large. My poor coochie hurts so good from your penis," she moaned. "Say cock! Say fat thick cock you dirty slut. Say you want your husband's fat long cock up your dirty cunt!" I growled and slapped her ass several times.

"Charles, I want your fat long cock up my dirty cunt and I want to feel your hot cum drowning my womb. You are my Abraham and I am your Sara so shoot your baby filled cum against my womb and breed me. Make me your dirty village slut and own my cunt for your play toy. Fuck me Charles, fuck me good and give me your baby," Margret moaned loudly and pushed her ass back to take all my cock.

I started pounding my cock deep into her cunt listening to her pussy squelching and moaning and cursing under her breath. Without warning I pushed two fingers against her anus and when it gave way I slid them deep into her ass. "Oh you fucker! You dirty fucker punishing my ass. It feels so sinful but so good with your cock deep in my pussy. Give me your cum! Give me all of your hot cum against my womb so it can find my lonely egg. All the women in church have babies and I have been barren all these years. Breed me tonight Charles. Breed your slut. Fuck me, fuck me deep!"

Her ass pulsed hard on my fingers and her cunt milked my cock as I came hard and deep. Since it was my first cum of the night six, seven, eight thick globs of cum shot up my dick shaft and out my dickhead. As Margaret felt my cock pulse she squeezed her pussy walls milking my cum against her womb. I kept my cock base pinned to the door of her pussy so no cum escaped. I pushed my fat dickhead against her womb shooting the last of my hot cum into it. Those internal lips kissed my dickhead seeking all my baby batter. 

I slowly slid out her pussy and pulled her pantaloons back up over her ass. I gave that ass several more hard swats. "You're such a slut Maggie! I should send you back to your pastor daddy and tell him how sinful you've become. It's either than or your now my slut and will give me your cunt, or ass or your mouth anytime I have this new urge to cum in your hot and wet places. Well Maggie what's it gonna be?" I growled as I slapped her ass hard. "I'm your slut now and until death do we part, Charles," she moaned. I slapped her ass again then walked quietly backwards and left her leaning against the railing breathing heavily.

I found my wife Beth and told her one down and three to go. She told me she just sucked off Charles in the master bathroom and he talked so dirty to me. "He called me a slut and a common whore but he still slammed his nice cock deep down my throat. I loved it but my jaw hurts a little," she laughed. We both laughed and kissed deeply. She must have brushed her teeth before returning to the party but I would not have minded either way. I found my four harem girls setting up treats in the kitchen and gave them each a deep long kiss, hard squeeze on their ass and a quick swat. They squeaked and rubbed their floppy tits against me and ran their hand under my waist rap to get me back.

Shannon, my eldest niece told me all indignant that the men and some of the women had done some very fresh things to her ass and boobies and even her coochie as she was serving food and drinks. The twins said the same had happened to them but they started giggling saying they almost pulled two guys into the pool house. Shannon called her sisters a pair of sluts and they both raspberried her and laughed hard.

I asked Kate how she was and if she missed my son Jake. She pushed her mommy milk filled breasts against my chest then leaned in a kissed me long and deep. "Not a lot daddy Zach. Everyone treats me so great and the twins are incorrigible sneaking into my room at night and forcing themselves on me and drinking Kurt's milk," she said winking. "YOU LIE Kate! You're lying!" the twins yelled and Kate laughed then gave my cock a squeeze and spun out of my grip. 

Laughing I walked into the master bathroom to wash off my cock and balls. I went into my room and found Jane Eyre sleeping off her indulgence. She must have been a bit disoriented because she had her head and torso across the bed sideways with her ass hanging over the edge of the bed and her now bare feet on the floor. I thought this was too good an opportunity to set things right for her pussy whipping her husband in public. 

I moved slowly up on the bed and sat cowboy on Lauren's lower back facing her ass. I slid her period dress up her legs until her pantaloons were uncovered. I pushed her whities down off her ass until they met her thighs. I rubbed my hand across her ass and down her crack. Lauren (Jane Eyre) started to moan softly. I pushed her thighs more open and dipped my fingers lower between her pussy lips and stroked there until warm wetness coated my fingers. I moved them upwards and circled her anus. Lauren moaned deeper and pushed her ass up towards my fingers. "Make me cum Alice, make me cum my pet," she moaned and I thought, "Very interesting," since I knew her law intern as named Alice.

I ran two fingers through her pussy lips again and found her clit and began massaging it. Lauren hissed and shuffled her hips as I gripped her love knot and pulled it out from its hood. I stayed on her clit until she groaned and sprayed my fingers. While she was still shivering I pushed two wet fingers through her twitching anal ring and sunk them deep into her ass. She tried to buck me off but I was stronger than her.

I slapped her ass so hard there was a 'crack' in the air. "Sit still BITCH! I'm done with you running all over me and it's time for payback!" I growled and gave her six quick hard ass swats.

"John get off me, get off me now or you'll get it!" Lauren tried to bluff her way out.

I just started slapping her ass over and over until both cheeks turned deep red while keeping my other fingers bent down deep into her ass. As she sobbed loudly I took other fingers and ran them up her wet dripping pussy and finger fucked her in both her cunt and ass until she came strongly once again.
