 Ann was a 40 something chocoholic and tonight she hoped to get a fix for her addiction. Sam, her husband was driving them to a bar where she hoped to pick up a young, athletic black man to bring home tonight. Sam first discovered Ann's fantasy about black men a few years ago and after discussing the fantasy during sex a number of times they agreed to act it out. Ann had bedded a number of black men since then and was getting very horny and wet thinking about tonight's adventure.

Ann was wearing a black figure hugging dress which was cut low in the front to show off her milky white tits and cleavage and the dress was just long enough to cover her ass. Ann had a low cut push up bra on and a tiny red g string. Her pussy was freshly shaven which felt sexy against the g string. What Ann didn't know was that Sam had organised a special surprise for tonight.

They arrived at the bar and inside Ann was excited to find four young black guys playing pool. She was hoping one would say yes to fulfil her plans for tonight. Sam had already met the four black guys a week ago and they already knew what Ann was looking for tonight. Ann sat at the bar hoping one of the guys would come over for a round of drinks. Leroy came up to the bar from the pool table and looked Ann up and down while he ordered. Ann asked Leroy if he liked what he saw. He said she was one sexy looking lady in her little black dress. Ann said she didn't always behave like a lady and asked if she could join them at the pool table. Leroy said the guys would enjoy her company. As Ann bent over to take her shot in pool she knew her dress was riding up exposing her milky white arse cheeks and red g string, her tits were also threatening to expose her nipples.

Leroy and Tyrone were standing behind Ann enjoying the view with Trey and Stuart standing in front enjoying the other. The guys were all in their early twenties, athletic and ranged from a stocky 5' 10" to a lean 6' 2". Ann was getting very horny and wet thinking about their eyes on her tits and ass. It was Ann's shot again and Tyrone asked Ann to spread her legs a little wider while taking her shot. Ann happily complied with Tyrone's request. The hand cupping her pussy from behind while trying to play her shot was a welcome surprise. Tyrone could feel how wet Ann's g string was and Ann knew she was about to start dripping pussy juice.

Leroy went back to the bar for another round of drinks. Ann followed and asked Leroy if he wanted to come back to her place to fuck her brains out. Leroy said he would love to but only if his 3 friends could come as well. Ann had never thought about fucking more than one black guy at a time. What would Sam think? The thought of all 4 of them filling her holes while Sam watched sounded too good to knock back. Ann said she would be right back. Ann explained to Sam what Leroy had proposed, Sam grinned to himself and said he was cool with it. Ann came back with Sam and told the guys to leave their drinks and pool game it was show time.

They all piled into Sam's minivan with Sam driving and Ann in the back seat with Trey and Stuart sitting on either side of her. Leroy and Tyrone were on the seat in front turning around and enjoying the view. As Ann had been climbing into the back of the van 2 hands had grabbed her g string and pulled it down to her ankles. Ann stepped out of her g string and sat on the back seat with her legs spread wide open over either guy's thighs. Her dress had ridden up so everyone had a great view of Ann's very wet and silky smooth pussy. The drive home was exhilarating with Ann initially groping Trey and Stuart's cocks through their pants and kissing them alternately. Trey and Stuart explored Ann's body running their hands over her inner thighs, cupping her breasts and stroking her swollen wet pussy lips. Their hands were causing Ann's dress to ride up higher and higher. Ann was even more turned on knowing Leroy and Tyrone were watching the show. By the time they arrived home Ann was naked and on her hands and knees sucking Trey's cock with 2 of Stuart's fingers sliding in and out of her hot pussy.

Sam pulled into the garage and flicked the button to close the roller door. They all piled out of the van and inside to the bedroom. Ann dropped to her knees and the 4 guys quickly lost all their clothing and stood around her in a circle with their big black cocks all pointing at her head. She had one in either hand and one in her mouth. The unlucky 4th was Leroy who was standing there stroking his cock that was longer, thicker, blacker and had an even bigger head on it than the other 3. He also had a massive ball bag. The guys all took turns at feeding their cocks into Ann's mouth. Sam had stripped off and was sitting in a comfy chair in a corner of the bedroom jerking off while watching Ann's slutty show.

Leroy climbs onto the bed lays back and asks Ann to suck his cock. Ann gets up and climbs onto the bed on her hands and knees. Looking at Leroy's monster she wonders if she will be able to get the head in her mouth. She grabbed the shaft with both hands and began running her lips up and down the shaft while looking into Leroy's eyes. She reached the head and ran her tongue around the edge. Ann covered the head and distal shaft in saliva and then slowly took Leroy's cock into her mouth.

While Ann had been concentrating on Leroy's cock Trey had grabbed a tube of lube and spread Ann's pussy lips and spurted a generous dollop of lube on them and spread it over her lips and with a few fingers in and around her gaping cunt. Now Trey slid his longer, thinner cock into Ann's pussy until all you could see were his balls. Ann continued to suck Leroy's cock as Trey, Stuart and Tyrone took turns at fucking Ann's pussy. Ann felt like a complete slut with 3 black cocks fucking her cunt and she loved it. Tyrone had the shortest but thickest cock and as he slid his cock all the way in he told Ann what a loose slut she was. Tyrone's pace quickened and he pushed his cock in as far as it would go. Ann could feel his head pulsing inside her pussy as he squirted load after load of cum deep inside her.

Stuart slide his cock in next and as the last of his shaft disappeared into her pussy, Ann felt Tyrone's cum beginning to dribble down her inner thighs as Stuart pumped his cock in and out of her pussy. Ann could feel Stuart's balls slapping against her pussy as his pace quickened. Finally Ann could feel the cum hitting the inside of her cunt as Stuart forcefully squirted his cum into her.

Leroy asked Ann to climb on top of his shaft. Tyrone and Trey held Ann's arms while she positioned her pussy over the massive head of Leroy's cock. Ann's pussy was dribbling cum and her lips were swollen and red. As she lowered herself onto his cock she could feel herself being stretched to the limit and only managed to get half of it into her pussy on the first downward thrust. After a few more thrusts her pussy had engulfed the whole shaft. It felt enormous inside her and as she moved up and down she could feel the head of his cock which was much thicker than the rest of his shaft. The feeling of impaling herself on Leroy's cock gave Ann an intense orgasm where all she could do was sit on his cock and feel her pussy muscles tighten and relax around this monster cock buried deep inside her.

Trey moved in behind Ann and pushed her forward from a squatting position until she was on her hands and knees. Trey grabbed the lube again and squirted another dollop onto her tight butthole. Trey gently slid one then two then three fingers into Ann's butt until it was lubricated and relaxed enough for his cock. Trey covered his cock in lube and then gently slid the head in and then about a third of his shaft. Slowly he moved his cock in and out of Ann's butt putting another inch in with every penetrating stroke. Finally Trey was buried up to his balls in Ann's ass. Now he began to quicken his pace.

Ann could not believe the feeling of these 2 cocks buried deep inside her. She could feel a strangely pleasant sensation as the heads of their cocks passed each other deep inside her. Ann asked Stuart and Tyrone who wanted their dicks sucked again. Both were in front of her in seconds. Ann alternated between sucking their cocks while Trey and Leroy fucked her tirelessly. Finally she could feel Trey's pace quickening as his cock pumped in and out of her butt. Then Trey stopped with his cock buried to the hilt in her butt and he moaned here it cums. Ann squeezed her butt muscles as hard as she could around Trey's cock as jet after jet of cum was sprayed deep inside her.

Trey slowly withdrew his cock from Ann's butt and Stuart and Tyrone had moved to the side of the bed to watch the final thrusts of Trey pounding Ann's ass. Leroy sat up on the bed with Ann still impaled on his cock. He asked Ann to put her arms around his neck and then he swung his legs over the edge of the bed grabbed Ann's thighs and stood up to his full 6' 2" height. Ann now felt more impaled on Leroy's massive cock. Leroy walked over to the wall and pressed Ann against it. He had his forearms under her legs and now he began pounding his cock into her pussy. Ann though she was going to go through the wall or Leroy's cock was going to come out her mouth he fucked her so hard. The pace of Leroy's pounding was quickening which Ann hoped meant he was going to cum, because Ann didn't know how much more of it she could take. Suddenly in the middle of Leroy's fucking frenzy she could feel the head of his cock pulsing as he grunted and the cum started running out her pussy and down his balls onto his thighs. Finally he stopped and lowered Ann back onto the bed.

Ann lay there and looked around herself at the 4 beautiful black guys standing around the bed looking at her as she lay there with a contented smile on her face. What are you doing next weekend? She asked.