 Ten minutes later, I'm back in my car, Page's address punched into my GPS, following the nice British woman's soothing electronic voice to his apartment. I'm told he's invited over some friends for me to entertain for the day. 

I'm sure when he told me, he was expecting shock, maybe even outrage, that I would beg and squirm and plead - "No, please, I don't want to, it's too wrong" - well. He'd been wrong. I'm gone now, down the rabbit hole, so to speak, and like Alice before me, I've found myself in a very strange world indeed. A world in which I accept - nay, embrace - my true nature. The slut. Willing to risk the (fake) life I've created in the constant pursuit of pleasure, hedonistic in the extreme. 

I think about my current situation as I drive, how strange it is, how... freeing. 

The reality is that I'm my boss's fucktoy. And today, he's decided that he wants to lend his toy out to some others to play with. Fine. I know what I'm after, what I can get from guys. Oh yes, I remember it all too well from those early days, chasing that high. Getting drunk on beer and vodka and dick. Coming over and over till my legs stopped working and I blacked out from a combination of too much to drink and too much sick pleasure.

I think about everything that's happened between us on the drive. The fucking, the humiliation, the total claiming of my body for his pleasure. Weirdly, in being controlled by him, I feel freer than ever. Free to indulge in the side of myself I had locked up for so long. I feel amazing. Bulletproof. Perfect.

I get to Page's condo and let myself in with the key left for me, taking a few minutes to look around the place. It's modern and comfortable but a bit sparse. I go into the bathroom to freshen up, change into my bikini and the heels and apply more makeup. I use the cheapest stuff I have, as I know it smears easier. I think the types of guys he's invited over would enjoy a messy, sloppy, tear-stained, mascara-ruining blowjob. Hell, who doesn't like that? I think to myself. Half of the bathroom is a wet room. The other wall has a huge floor to ceiling mirror. I grin, wondering how many women Page has fucked in here. And when will it be my turn? I look in the mirror, imagining him behind me, hands roaming my body while he fucks me from behind. I take a deep breath, trying to shake the image from my mind and trying not to acknowledge how much I suddenly and painfully wish he were here.

I head into the kitchen, where there's a tub of coconut oil identical to the kind we used just yesterday waiting for me on the counter with a note. I remember how much of the stuff he had smeared all over my body and ass and take it with me into the living room.

The doorbell rings moments later and I answer it to find five reasonably attractive young men - quite young really, I think all younger than me, at 27 - and I smile invitingly, welcoming them in and asking what I can get them to drink. After they're all settled with beers, an awkward hush settles over the group, no one seeming to want to make the first move. Finally, the least attractive of them, a gangly boy with a goatee and wife beater, commands me to suck his dick. Although command seems too strong a word. He would have liked to have commanded me, but his voice was too wavery and high pitched to feel very imposing at all. Nevertheless, I comply immediately and sink to my knees in front of him, pulling out his still flaccid dick. I go to town anyway, sucking and licking and coaxing it to life. At half mast, he asks me if it's the biggest cock I've ever seen. I have to bite my tongue to keep from shrieking with wild laughter, and in the most serious voice I can muster, insist that I think I might choke on it.

Surprisingly, the "compliment" seems to work, and Alex's (I'd learned his name by hearing the other guys refer to him) dick grows a bit harder, so I continue sucking, holding the base of his shaft firmly in my left hand, bobbing my head in a steady rhythm, flicking my tongue against the underside. As unimpressive as Alex's dick is, I still find myself getting wet at giving him head with 4 other guys watching with rapt attention. I felt tentative hands exploring my ass and I turn around to see one of the more handsome of the guys, Chad, I think his name was, touching me, exploring the curves of my butt with wide, eager eyes. I need more. I know these guys must have it in them to really fuck me, as lame and stunted as some of them seem.

I turn back around and look Alex in the eye, deciding to see how fast I can make him blow his load. I look straight into his eyes as I kneel between his legs, pumping his cock in my right hand, and say "Do you want to come all over my tits? Or on my face? Or maybe even down my throat? Hmm?" He groans loudly. I use my free hand to pinch my nipple through my bikini top, biting my lip while looking up at him like he's some kind of sex God that I'm lucky to be touching. It's the other fucking way around, though... I think, as I bend my head back down to take the head of his cock back in my mouth. As expected, my filthy words have gotten him close to the edge and it only takes a few quick flicks of my tongue before he's crying out "Fuck, fuck, fuck" and spurting come across my lips and cheek.

I smile sweetly at him. "It's ok, honey, most guys don't last very long during their first blowjob. Maybe I'll let you fuck my pussy if you're ready later." Before Alex can process my insult or come up with some snide response, I turn abruptly to Chad, who has been touching and stroking my ass this entire time, with something like a look of religious reverence on his face.

"Do you like my ass, Chad?" He nods, seemingly unable to form a string of words that would comprise a response. "You know, you can fuck it, if you want. I don't mind. But you have to warm me up first," I say, indicating the coconut oil. Chad stares at the jar, like if he looks at it long enough it will open itself. I sigh, hoping that some of these guys get on board soon. I'm not a fucking babysitter.

I take the jar and open it, scooping a healthy amount onto my fingers, then I pass it to Chad. He looks as if he's waking up from some sort of trace and eagerly unties the tides of my bottoms, and starts rubbing the oil on my ass, working the warmed up oil into the crack and cautiously spreading me open to apply some to my anus. When he touches it, I moan loudly, letting him know that it's all good. This seems to encourage him, as he presses a finger into me, then shortly after, a second finger. As he works up a rhythm, sliding his fingers in my ass, one of the other boys stands in front of me, fishing his cock out from his jeans. It's the other cute one, Brad maybe? I can't remember and don't actually care. I lick my lips when he takes his already hard dick out. It's much nicer than Alex's. Not too big, not too small. Just right. Like dirty fucking Goldilocks.

He's much more adept at being dominant than his pathetic friend, and as he steps closer to me he bends down and grabs a handful of my hair. "Page said you love cock. Prove it." And with one decisive motion, he hauls me by the hair onto him, my open mouth suddenly filled all the way to the back of my throat. I gag a little out of sheer shock, but recover quickly and begin sucking his dick as eagerly as I ever have, making small moaning whimpers in the back of my throat, which are met with extreme approval by the cock's owner. "Fuck," I hear him hiss above me, "Jesus. Page wasn't lying. Her mouth is like a fucking pussy with suction." Aww, he said that about me? I think, as if this guy had just said that Page had told him I had beautiful eyes or a talent for music. Maybe I have beautiful eyes, I've never cared enough to ask anyone, and I certainly have no talent for music, but I know I can suck a dick with the best of 'em.

By now, Chad has worked in three fingers and I'm meeting him thrust for thrust, moaning at the feeling of having a cock in my mouth and a guy fingering my ass. I stop sucking Brad's dick long enough to turn to Chad and beg him to stick his cock in my ass. Violate me. Fill me up. I wriggle around, swaying my hips invitingly. He can't seem to rip his pants of fast enough. Soon, he's got his cock pressed up against my anus, pushing the head slowly into my tight hole. I push back against him slowly and after a minute or so he's all the way in, his pelvic bone right up against the meat of my ass. Lost in my own pleasure, I had barely noticed the two other guys joining us, one of them standing next to Brad with his dick out, the other just kneeling next to me, reaching under me to play with my tits, occasionally smacking my ass, fingering my pussy a little, circling my clit. I'm now going back and forth between Brad and his friend in front of me, sucking one then the other, until I suppose they mutually agree that they are secure enough in their heterosexuality to go whole hog and force both their cocks in my mouth at once. Obviously, I can't get much of them in, but I think the forbidden quality of this act has more of an effect than my mouth and soon enough, Brad is spurting come on my face, mostly coating my lips. I focus on his friend's dick now, Brad's come lubricating my mouth and lips even more. I take my mouth off of him long enough to beg him to come on my face too. That seems to push him right over the edge and he happily obliges, spurting long sticky ropes of semen on my lips and cheeks as well.

Something about my face being covered in three different guys' come drives me to new levels of sluttiness. I grind my hips back onto Chad's cock, looking over my shoulder at him. "God your cock feels so fucking good. Do you want to come in my ass? Or on my face, like all your friends have?" Chad seems to be unable to make such an important decision, so his body goes ahead and does it for him. He thrusts into me once more and starts shuddering and muttering obscenities as his come floods my ass.

The fifth friend, who has been patiently playing with my tits and pussy this whole time, finally gets a turn. "I want to fuck her ass, too, man," he says eagerly to Chad, practically hauling him off of me. His cock is already swollen and hard, and looks quite a bit bigger than any of the other guys. "Go slow," I say, looking warily at his huge dick. "And get more coconut oil first," I add. He obliges, smearing more of the slippery oil on my asshole, barely able to contain his excitement. Lucky for me, he seems to know his way around a pussy. As he slides his cock into my well-lubricated, freshly fucked hole, he reaches around to play with my clit, making tight little circles that have me bucking and shaking within minutes. He keeps it up, at the same time pounding relentlessly into my ass, and soon I'm coming hard, moaning and whimpering. He's not far behind and he continues fucking me until I feel his come flooding me too.

I realize I've taken 5 loads of come in less than an hour, as I look up at the clock and notice that it's barely 12:30. This is going to be quite the afternoon, I think to myself as I notice that most of the guys are hard again and ready for more.

+++

It does turn out to be a long afternoon, and by 4 o'clock, the guys are finally exhausted, all but stumbling out the door, utterly drained. I'm spent, too, a come-stained heap on the living room floor, unable to think. I feel like I've just been let off a roller coaster that wouldn't stop running. My legs feel like jelly and every inch of my body is tender, my heartbeat feels irregular and too fast. I head straight for the shower, letting the almost-hot-enough-to-burn-me water slowly bring my sanity back. I scrub myself, feeling exhilarated and incredibly guilty all at once. By the time the shower is over, the hot water is running out and my skin is slightly wrinkly and I feel utterly spent.

I go into the living room and fish my cell phone from my purse and see a text from Page saying that he's left dinner in the oven and will be home soon. After all that has occurred today, from having multiple guys' come all over me, in me, to being double penetrated, to coming over and over from the pain/pleasure, this text shocks me the most. It seems casual, but I smile a little at the knowledge that he was thinking of my needs. That he went to some lengths to plan this, and make sure I would be comfortable afterwards. After I finish eating and clear up, I hear his key in the door. I'm not sure what to expect, but it isn't Page, sweetly kissing my forehead and leading me to the bedroom.

He's so much gentler than normal, the knowledge of how I've been used roughly and mercilessly all day by 5 guys (well, 4 really, since Alex fizzled out early on), seeming to make him less likely to abuse me in the ways I know he typically prefers. Once in the bedroom, which is, like the rest of the condo, simple but comfortable, he gently tugs the towel away from my body. I blush as he drinks me in, looking like he's having some difficulty stomping on his animalistic urges. Instead, we lay on the bed together, both naked, side by side, facing a large flat screen hung on the wall opposite the bed. With the tap of a few buttons, the TV comes to life with multiple images, all of me from various angles, clad in my skimpy bikini and heels, ushering the boys into the condo. I had assumed he'd documented it somehow, but the visual confirmation of my suspicions is thrilling. I feel incredibly dirty all over again. I feel guilty, too, my brain struggling to battle years of societal pressure to conform to some ideal of female sexuality; to be sexy within the acceptable parameters, which I've now knocked down and totally violated in every way. But the overriding emotion I'm experiencing is arousal, as I see Page's cock stiffen in his hand.

"...Tell me what you did" I hear him say, reaching for my hand to place it on his now rock-hard cock. Leaning closer to my ear, he lowers his voice to a whisper and says, "Tell me what you did to those guys, what they did to you. How it made you feel. Every filthy detail, while you stroke my cock. But don't make me come until the end. I want to last the whole fucking time. Watch you get totally lost in it. Like the filthy fucking slut you are." He licks my neck after, making my entire body shiver. A whimpering moan escapes my lips and I think it pushes him over some edge, because immediately he grabs my face and presses his mouth against mine, his tongue invading me, teeth grazing my lower lip. He gets a hold of himself after a minute, though, and breaks the kiss, both of us breathing hard, staring at each other with twin expressions, clearly reading "What the fuck just happened?"

Page turns abruptly back to face the TV, breaking the moment, and fast forwards just a bit, to the part where Alex finally gets the nerve to initiate a blowjob. I hear him chuckle a bit and then he says, "So, good ole Alex put his big boy pants on and tried to dominate you, huh?" the amusement is clear in his tone. I laugh a little, too, and tell Page how pathetic Alex had been, asking me if his dick was the biggest I'd ever had. We both laugh at that, and I give his cock a little squeeze and look up as I say, "I didn't want to tell him that yours is the thickest. And my favorite."

I lean down and give it an appreciative lick, which earns me a guttural moan, then a yank of my hair. Reluctantly, I sit back up.

"Now, now, little fuckslave, wouldn't want to make me come so soon, now would we?" Page says with a wolfish grin. I smile sweetly and continue stroking his erection, slowly and gently, as we turn back to face the TV once more.

On the screen, Alex is already blowing his load on my face. I hear Page mutter a "tsking" sound under his breath. "Oh, Alex, you're going to be the laughing stock of the gym," he says quietly. I'm almost moved to feel bad for the kid, and I would if he weren't such an insufferable dickwad. Page seems to take a lot of joy in my snide comment to Alex, though, and laughs so hard that for a minute I wonder if he'll recover. After a a few moments, he's serious again, as he watches the screen with rapt attention, eyes glued to Chad fondling my ass.

"Tell me what you were thinking here. Of Chad." Page says, his voice barely a whisper.

My eyes are glued to the screen too, and I reply in a similarly hushed voice, "He was kind of hot. In a boyish jock kind of way. Like the star of the high school football team, ya know? He seemed to love my ass. I wanted him to fuck it as soon as I saw him handling it. I could tell he really wanted to, which made me want it more."

On screen, Chad is working the coconut oil all over my ass and into the opening, slowly sliding two fingers in. A moan escapes me onscreen as Chad's fingers press into me. "You fucking loved that didn't you? A total stranger sticking his fingers in your slutty ass?" I hear Page mutter.

I swallow, hard. "Yes." He responds to this with a sharp, quick slap to my face, which makes me gasp. He reaches down between my legs and feels the wetness there. "Fucking slut. Keep jacking me off." I oblige and once again we watch the screen to see what other depraved acts I'll perform, my heart beating much faster than it was a moment ago.

Soon enough, I have Brad's cock in my mouth while Chad works his fingers in my asshole, rhythmically, in and out. Brad is saying how good of a cocksucker I am, relaying Page's compliment, and I look at him. "Did you really say that? Do you think I'm that good at giving head?" I sound too eager, like a neglected child practically begging for attention and praise. Fuck I hate myself right now.

Page looks at me and smiles, brushing my cheek with his hand in a surprisingly tender gesture. "Of course, Zoe. Those fucking lips." He adds, almost an afterthought.

Then, roughly, he grabs my jaw and runs his thumb along my full bottom lip. "Ugh. I'm trying to go easy because I know you're sore and probably a bit uncomfortable, but Jesus, I want you to suck my cock so fucking bad." Every muscle south of my belly button clenches into a painful knot at the sound of his voice, thick with desire. I lick my lips, and lean down to take the head of his cock in my warm mouth. I look up into his eyes, which are half shut with pleasure. "Like this?" I say innocently, then I lick the entire length, from base to tip, getting it covered in my saliva. "Yes, exactly like that. Fuck." He hisses, and I can hear my voice coming from the TV, begging Chad to fuck my ass. I sound slightly crazed, like an addict looking for a fix. 

Page's eyes snap open to watch the action unfold, and he seems to come to, as if waking from a deep sleep, hauling me by my hair off his dick and saying, "Stop now. You can finish later. I want to see this." He watches as Chad fucks my ass and I suck two guys dicks at once, first going back and forth between them, then letting them try to stuff both in my mouth at once. Page's breathing is heavy, I can feel his heart beating from where I sit next to him. He groans, low and animalistic, hearing me beg Chad for his come. "Tell me. About this." He says, in clipped syllables, unable to form more complex sentences.

I try to remember what I was feeling and thinking at that point. "Uhhh, I just wanted their come. I was fucking crazed at this point. I couldn't wait to feel Chad's semen filling me up. Wanted the other two to come in my mouth, on my face, I didn't really care. I just felt totally, utterly lost in some lust-filled haze." I say, trying to sum up the feeling of being drunk on cock and fucking and objectification. "It's hard... hard to describe." I finish lamely. Page doesn't seem to mind my inability to verbalize my intense emotions, because his eyes are plastered to the screen, where Chad is coming inside me, and the fifth friend is clamoring for his turn.

"Damn, I didn't know Eggers was packing so heavily," I hear Page say, as the fifth, most well-endowed friend settles himself behind me to pound my ass.
