 The next day I could tell that Zoey's ass was really hurting. So I didn't fuck her that Sunday but we spent the day naked in bed lazily watching TV. Though she was more than willing to suck my cock several times throughout the day. She spent most of the day sleeping, however, no doubt recovering from the day before.

When I awoke Monday morning 

I watch her gorgeous naked body laying peacefully on her stomach. I can't control myself, as I love touching her, and begin to move my hands up and down her body. I stop at her ass and just leave them there for awhile enjoying the feel of her skin. Then I take a couple of my fingers and slowly slide them inside her pussy and her body responds while she is still sleeping. Zoey is moving her hips in unison with my fingers no doubt thinking she is dreaming of getting fucked. This goes on for several minutes until her wet dream becomes a reality and she cums all over my hand. This causes her to awaken, startled at first, then a smile comes over her face as she sees me licking my fingers. She realizes it wasn't a dream.

This makes her horny as hell as she pushes me on my back and slams her pussy down on my hard cock and starts to ride me like a cowgirl on a bucking bronco. There is a fire in her eyes that I hadn't seen before as she continues to ride my cock. There is also a certain violence to her movements as she can't get herself to ride me hard enough. So I flip her over to switch positions and I drive my cock inside her as hard and fast as I can. Every scream of hers is met with my very loud grunts as we work together in fucking her little pussy. Then, finally, I cum inside her. I wait before pulling my cock out enjoying the feel of it and my cum inside her. Then she takes me in her mouth and cleans me off. Unfortunately, I need to get ready and go to work. Before I leave, however, I tell her that I bought her some more clothes that I want her to wear around the house. They are hanging in the closet.

When I got to work the first people to come into my office were the three stooges. Mark, Scott and Dale. I personally thanked Dale for hurting Zoey's little ass as I haven't been able to fuck her ass for the last two days. Dale apologized but I don't think he was serious. However, all the guys would like another turn on her. I made no promises, though. 

On my way home I almost rearend another car fantasizing about Zoey's ass. I think I am addicted to her and can't get enough. When I pull into my driveway I am surprised to see Bill's wife standing on my front porch. She is several years older than Bill and even at fifty years old she still looks good. She and Bill have had an arrangement. He can fuck any woman he wants and she can't fuck any other man. 

When I walk up to greet her all she says is,"I want to meet your little whore who is fucking Bill. " She said it with no malice in her voice. Just matter of factlike. I was reluctant at first then I tell her "she is inside."

Alice and I walk inside and Zoey is in the kitchen washing dishes. However , she was wearing the outfit I had bought her. It was a short blue and green skirt, much like private school girls wear, and a tight white top which she had rolled and tied up above her belly button. She also had her hair tied up in two ponytails instead of one. 

I could tell Alice was impressed with Zoey's beauty. I think she even licked her lips. It made me wonder what she is up to. 

"Are you the little whore who has been fucking my husband Bill!" Alice asked raising her voice.

Zoey was shocked at first but then calmly responded. "Yes maam, I am. He said you wouldn't mind."

Alice uses her finger to motion for Zoey to come over to where Alice and I are standing. Zoey doesn't even hesitate and walks over to us. My cock is getting hard just looking at Zoey in her school girl outfit. Is it possible for her to look hotter with clothing than without.

The two women stand face to face and I don't know what is about to happen. Suddenly, Alice yanks on one of Zoey's ponytail's and forces her to follow her to the end of the couch. Alice bends Zoey at the waist and has Zoey place her hands on the armrest for support. Still holding on to her hair she whispers in Zoey's ear. "It's my turn for some fun."

Alice let's go of Zoey's hair but not before giving her ponytail one hard yank causing Zoey to give a little yelp in discomfort. Alice works her hands down Zoey's back and stops when she gets to Zoeys ass. She flips the skirt up onto Zoey's back revealing Zoey's pantiless little ass. I can tell that Alice is getting really turned on looking at Zoey. Alice slowly undresses never taking her eyes off of Zoey. My cock starts to get hard watching Alice's naked body before me. She doesn't have the body of a fifty year old.

Alice pushes her naked body up against Zoey and she asks , "Have you ever been with a woman Zoey? This woman is going to give you something to remember."

She moved away from Zoey and just stares at my dirty little whore's ass all the while sliding her fingers in her own pussy. Then Alice walks over to the front door and brings a little travel bag over to Zoey. I never noticed the bag before now. I watch Alice reach into the bag and pull something out. All I see is a wooden handle with several long leather strands hanging from it. Before I can say anything Alice gives Zoey a hard whack on her ass and Zoey screams but not too loudly. Then I hear and see another whack. It sounds like the crack of lightning echoing in the room. With the same suddenness of lightning Alice continues her assault on my Zoey. Zoey loves it as she cums down her leg. Alice stops and pushes her body back onto Zoeys and yanks on her her again.

"You liked that didn't you, you little whore."

Zoey didn't say anything as I see a little fear registering on her face. Alice saw it too and dragged Zoey over to the front of the couch and had her sit on the floor and arch her head back onto the seat cushion. Alice then climbed on the couch and straddled Zoey's face forcing Zoey to eat her pussy. Zoey loved it and worked Alice's pussy with her tongue. When Alice grabbed Zoey by the hair forcing forcing Zoey's mouth and tongue to work harder and faster I felt the need to get involved. 

While Alice was still straddling Zoey's face I moved behind Alice and started sliding my cock up and down the crack of her ass testing her to see if she wanted it. She never objected and I slammed my cock into her pussy all the way inside her and startling both her and Zoey. I have always wanted to fuck Alice and start to fuck her as hard as I can partly to get a little revenge for Zoey's whipping. Zoey slipped out from beneath Alice and she moved to the front of Alice grabbing Alice's hair and making Alice eat her pussy. Zoey was getting aggressive with her as she kept grinding her pussy on Alice's face. I pull my cock out of Alic'e pussy and without any hesitation I drive it all the way in Alice's ass. She screams in surprise but I can't stop as I continue to drive my cock in and out of her ass at a furious pace. Zoey enjoys watching Alice's ass being punished calling Alice a dirty little whore who likes being fucked in the ass. I can't last much longer so I pull out and spin Alice around to face me and I shove my cock down her throat and cum down her throat. 

Alice is still trying to catch her breath stunned that the tables turned on her. Out of the corner of my eye I see Zoey moving around to be by my side. 

"Can I play with this old whore some more. I have something special for her." Zoey asked me.

"I don't see why not do you Alice? " 

Alice didn't say a word. She came in my house to punish Zoey but now Zoey will get to punish her. Zoey orders Alice to sit up on to the couch and to spread her legs as wide as she can. Alice, the good whore, does as she is told. Zoey begins to slide a finger in Alice's wet pussy. She slowly moves it in and out and soon slides a second finger inside her, never stopping her slow pace. Alice loves it when Zoey slides a third finger inside Alice never letting up her slow pace. I can see Alice cumming on Zoey's hand and then Zoey slides a fourth finger into Alice's pussy. The fourth finger made the pace even slower but Alice was enjoying the sensation so far. Then Zoey did it. She had her whole fist inside of Alice and Alice came uncontrollably as Zoey kept moving her hand inside Alice. With every movement of Zoey's hand Alice would cum again. She was getting very loud so I climbed up on the couch and shoved my hard again cock into her mouth as Zoey kept up her assault on Alice. 

Alice's body was shaking uncontrollably as Zoey and I work her body over. I continue to fuck Alice's face and Zoey keeps fucking Alice's pussy with her hand. I finally pull my cock out and cum all over Alice's face. I climb back off the couch and watch Zoey continue to fuck Alice with her hand. I reach out to Zoey's hand and help her slowly take her hand out of Alice. As soon as her hand is removed from Alice's stretched pussy, Alice squirts an unbelievable amount of cum soaking Zoey, me and my couch. 

When Alice regains her breath she gets off the couch and puts her clothes back on. Before she leaves, though, she goes up to Zoey and gives her a long hard kiss. Zoey, my dirty little whore, has a new friend.