 A week had gone by and Zoey had never left my house. She spends all her days and nights completely naked and always ready to fuck. In fact the only clothes she has worn in my house were the blue shorts and bra she wore over to my house to use my shower. I have no complaints as I get to fuck her before I go to work and when I come home. She particularly enjoys getting her ass fucked hard and fast.

Her appetite for sex is growing at an alarming pace. Even when we are not fucking she will almost always be rubbing or fingering her little pussy and her tight ass. I know I should feel guilty about turning her into a whore but I don't because she is my little whore. She will do anything I want or ask her to do.

I tell her that I think she needs to get out of the house a little more instead of being cooped in all day by herself. I know that on a couple of times Bill has snuck over to fuck her when I was away at work but I don't mind and don't let her know that I know. I have something very special planned for her today.

Today is her twentieth birthday and I give her her a present to open. When she opens the gift she pulls out a sexy little black dress and a pair of black high heels and stockings. I tell her to go upstairs and put them on so I can see what she looks like. A half hour later she strolls down the stairs looking like a million bucks. She may very well be the most beautiful woman I have ever seen. 

"Are you wearing panties, Zoey?"

"No. I know you don't want me to wear any. Besides, I love the feel of not wearing any. It makes feel like a dirty little whore." She giggled after that last comment.

"Just as long as you know whose dirty little whore you are."

I opened the car door for her and let her in. I quickly run to the drivers side and hop in also. When I shut my door and start the car up I turn to look at Zoey in time to see her remove her fingers from her pussy and put them in my mouth to taste her.

"I know I am your dirty little whore."

I just smile as I put the car in drive and we take off for our evening out. First, however, I needed to stop by my place of business and check on a few things. The whole drive over Zoey can't keep her hands off or out of her pussy making me very hard watching her. She notices this and gets on all fours on the front seat to give a little road head on the way. I have a hard time concentrating as she continues to try to suck the cum right out of my cock. I am almost ready to cum when a hear someone honk their horn. It is a semi truck looking over giving me the thumbs up on what he is watching. So I pull Zoeys little dress up around her waist giving the old truck driver the view of the most perfect ass he will ever see. Then I blow my load in her mouth and she pulls off my cock. I tell her, "don't swallow yet. I want you to turn around and look out your window and let that truck driver see it roll down your chin."

So you do it and I can tell the man is jerking himself off watching her. I speed up driving ahead of him and she sits there smiling knowing she just made two men cum. She rides the rest of the way with her skirt hiked up and her feet on the dashboard sliding her fingers in and out of her pussy. The look on her face lets me know she enjoys the sensation but would really like my cock inside of her. 

We finally get to my business and tell her to come in with me. It shouldn't take too long. When we get to the door I notice it isn't locked and when we enter I realize some other people are there. It was Mark, Scott and Dale working a little overtime on a project they are working on. I was hoping they would be here like they are every Saturday. When we walk in I tell everyone hi and then I introduce them to Zoey. They all are excited to finally meet the girl I had been telling them about. You could see all of their cocks start to get aroused. Zoey could sense this and her legs began to tremble in anticipation. Is this what I was giving her for her birthday? She could only hope.

I whisper in her ear. "Would you like to fuck these guys Zoey"

"Yes. Only if you want me to."

"I want you to." I then stepped behind her and slowly unzipped her dress and she let it fall to the floor leaving her only wearing her high heal and stockings. Mark and Scott quickly get undressed and Mark takes the initiative and helped her out of her shoes and stockings. They have heard my stories about her and couldn't wait to take their turns. Mark picks Zoey's naked body up and takes her into my office. He places her on the couch on her back with her head dangling over the armrest. He places her left foot on the floor and puts her right leg up on the back of the couch leaving her pussy open for business. Mark buries his face in her pussy and starts to eat her pussy up while Scott moves to her head and pulls it down over the armrest as far as it will go and shoves his cock in her greedy mouth. 

Scott has his cock all the way in her mouth and holds it there.

Scott tells Zoey, "that is a good little whore taking all my cock. I want you to rub your throat and see how far I am in your throat."

Zoey does this and a smile crosses her face. She seems to feel pride in her sucking abilities. By now Mark is done eating her pussy and all he wants to do is fuck her. He puts his cock at the entrance of her pussy and shoves it all the way inside her. Mark and Scott begin to get a rhythm going and begin their assault on her pussy and mouth. Zoey is in heaven as she enjoys the two men having their way with her. Suddenly they stop and Scott lays on the floor. Mark carries Zoey over to Scott and helps her slide her pussy down on Marks cock. The other three of us watch her ride Scott for awhile and then Mark goes over to her and shoves his cock down her throat. Dale who hadn't been involved or even said a word starts to undress.

Mark was the first to notice Dale 

and his eyes lit up with a look of shock and maybe a little fear. When I looked at Dale I could see why. His cock was huge and there was only one hole available in Zoey. Scott saw the movement of Dale and he had the same look as Mark when he saw Dale's cock. Zoey was oblivious to what was about to happen. Dale got down on his knees behind my little Zoey and placed his cock at her ass. Mark and Scott had quit moving and I was speechless as he slowly pushed his cock inside of her a little at time. Zoey now knew what we knew. She was in for a world of hurt. She couldn't help but hold her breath as the invasion of her ass slowly worked its way in her. I could tell it was hurting her but she never would tell him to stop because she wouldn't want to disappoint me. 

After what seemed like ten minutes Dale was all the way inside and just held it there for a few more minutes. I can't believe that cock fit in that little ass. He slowly started to pull out of her ass and when he was almost out slammed it back in as hard as he could. She screamed very loud which turned the men on and they all worked together giving her the fucking of her life. Her little body was being treated like a rag doll as the three men were showing her no mercy. Her screams of pain turned into screams of lust as they pummeled her body as hard as they could. Dale was an animal as he continued to punish her little ass. I watched in amazement as my little whore kept screaming that she was cumming. This sent Scott over the edge as when she came all over his cock he cummed inside her. Mark was next as he pulled his cock out of her mouth and shot a huge load of cum all over face. Mark slid out from under Zoey and Dale kept up his assault on my Zoey. While he kept fucking her ass I took Zoey by the hair and shoved my cock in her mouth. Dale and I worked her ass and mouth in a good rhythm and then I could tell Dale was about to cum. He pulled out and walked around to her and started jacking himself off in front of her face. 

Meanwhile I moved behind Zoey and shoved my cock in her ass. After the fucking Dale's cock gave her little ass I couldn't feel anything at first. After a few moments her ass tightened around my cock and I started fucking her for all I was worth. While I was fucking her Dale was still trying to make himself cum. Then he finally did. He shot load after load after load of cum all over my Zoey's face. It looked as though a horse had cum all over her. That was just too much for me to watch and I cum inside Zoey's ass. Meanwhile Mark and Scott were hard again.

They each worked their hands in a frenzy up and down their cocks. Mark was first as he came all over Zoeys face. There was so much cum she couldn't even open her eyes. Scott was getting close to cumming when he got behind her and slammed his cock all the way in her ass and held it there until he came inside her. 

The three men got dressed and left without saying a word leaving Zoey and I alone in my office. 

After a few moments of silence, Zoey finally spoke up.

"Thanks for the birthday present. Did I do good? "

"Yes you did." I tell her. "You are the perfect little whore. My little whore."