 Tina and I were heading back to the hotel after watching 'License to Kill', which had just come out in the theaters. It was Bond. That, in and of itself, was enough for me in most cases. Truthfully, when compared to the entire catalog of movies in the series, it was an okay Bond flick. Not the best by far, and certainly not the worst. Middle of the pack, but about what I expected. And I wasn't disappointed. 

There were parts I really liked, and I still found Timothy Dalton a refreshing change from Roger Moore's latter work in the role. When Moore first became Bond, he did an incredible job filling shoes that I really thought no one could fill. After all, Sean Connery WAS James Bond. For Moore to pull off 'Live and Let Die' as he did, in effect making an impact that said he was a formidable Bond, was amazing. But after that, there was a slow, but steady decline. 

So it was with much anticipation for me that just about anyone new take on the cherished role. Dalton was adequate. And for those who didn't like him, at least he was 17 years younger, so the action scenes weren't like watching your grandpa fight someone half his age. Not to mention how painful it was to watch Moore put the moves on some Bond girl in his last couple of turns in the role. 

With the gun Ann sent me tucked in the holster inside of my coat, I felt like I was a young Connery, thinking it was plausible that I could be a young Bond...other than the blond hair and lack of a British accent. As a child raised on the films, I knew the part, and just having that fake weapon under my jacket gave me an odd feeling of confidence. A lot of that came from having just seen the film. And the rest came from two amazing women. The stunning blond sitting in the passenger seat to my right that was telling me how horny she was, and the even more beautiful brown haired babe somewhere in California, who like acting like a mastermind, orchestrating a lot of what was happening from behind the scenes.

I had never felt more alive. Driving down the road with the top down on a warm summer night, feeling the energy from the movie and the mood both Tina and I were in...we WERE on a mission. It was hard to describe, but I felt a poise come over me; like the spirit of the character I was pretending to be became part of me inside. That sounded stupid if you bothered to dissect it, but taken as a whole, it was a real feeling of boldness and daring I'd seldom ever had before. 

When I thought about it, I knew that those seeds were planted when I'd met Ann at Matt's house that perfect night on the basketball court in his back yard. And she'd been tending them since then, making them sprout and grow in the sunlight that was her beautiful soul. Even from so far away, I owed my budding confidence to Ann's overwhelming love and unconventional approach to our relationship. 

I smiled to myself when it occurred to me that Ann didn't really think outside the box as much as she thought WITH it; the wonderful wet one between her legs. If men could be categorized as thinking with the wrong head from time to time, she fell into that category for women. Yet, she seldom was wrong, like men can so often be, or like my ex had been. Ann was guided by the principle that if it turned her on, and it didn't hurt either of us individually, or our relationship, then it was a good decision. And I was finding that hard to argue with. In fact, even though we were physically farther away from each other than we'd ever been, I felt we were closer than ever. Ann was in the car with me as I drove...I was sure of it.

The movie itself was uneventful, at least as far as between Tina and me. We watched the movie. It was nothing like when Ann and I went to see 'Field of Dreams' our last night together. We behaved ourselves, content to snuggle a little as we sat there. I had my arm around her, and she had her head on my shoulder. That was it. We seemed to treat it like Ann had intended, a training session as part of the mission. And it was good entertainment.

The two hours we'd sat next to each other, in a rather intimate position in a darkened theater, did had an effect on the two of us though. Tina was horny, and it was no government secret between just the two of us; anyone who might be passing by as we drove down the highway could tell. Tina's hand was between her legs, which were spread abnormally wide so she could get her fingers past her holster to their intended target. Her other hand was on the camera as she playfully took pictures of me driving.

"Smile, James," she said as she snapped another photo.

"It looks like you've got your hands full there, Pussy."

"I have my hands full of pussy, if that's what you mean. Just trying to warm it up for you, stud."

"Warm it up? From what I can tell it's always been pretty hot to begin with."

"I don't know about always, but your right...it's very hot, and very wet right now. Are we close to the hotel, or am I going to have to make you pull over to fuck me now?"

"Stay focused, Pussy. We're on a mission. There could be danger around any corner. You know that...we just saw the training film."

"Fine, but you're in danger of me cumming all over this nice leather seat," Tina said, sticking out her bottom lip in a fake pout. She didn't say anything else, instead concentrating on fingering herself. It was a good thing I pulled into the parking lot of the hotel a couple of minutes later, or I might have had to pull over and fuck her...for MY sake. Her moaning was getting to me, even over the rush of the car as we drove with the top down.

~*~*~*~*~*~

The lobby was quiet, as you would expect at close to 10:30 at night. There was a different girl behind the desk instead of Tammy, which seemed logical. We'd never bothered to ask Tammy what her hours were. She had said she was off the clock, so I figured we'd catch up with her the next afternoon when we came back from the interview. At least, I hoped we would. There was no guarantee she was working the next day either. 

Getting in that late when I had such a big day ahead would normally have been a concern, especially since I had a horny Agent on my hands. But I was fortunate in that my interview didn't start until 10:00. I would be facing the hour drive from the hotel to where we would be going, but if we got on the road by 8:30, we'd have plenty of time to get there and find the place. Besides, I was too horny myself to worry about that at the moment. I knew the real Bond would do whatever it took to complete the mission. If fucking Tina had to be a part of that, I'd just have bite the bullet and do it. 

As we stood in front of the elevator, waiting for it to open. Tina hand her hand on my ass, trying to hold me closer than close. I had my hand around her shoulder, gently playing with her nipple through the thin lacy material of the top of her dress. 

"God you look hot," I said to Tina, who looked up at me and smiled.

"I feel hot. I'm starting to think this top is really see through... I can't believe how horny I've gotten from being stared at all night."

"Pussy, you'd get stared at no matter what you were wearing."

Tina grabbed my ass tighter. "And that's why she loves you...because you always know the right thing to say," she said, breaking character for just a moment, referring to Ann.

"Who?" I asked, trying to trap her.

But Tina was quick on her heels, and said, "Moneypenny, of course. Who did you think I meant?" 

The bell 'dinged', alerting us that the elevator car arrived at the lobby. Tina and I stepped forward a little, waiting for the door to open. When it finally did, Johnny came rushing out. He was looking at his pants, and he literally ran into me.

"Oh...sorry, Mr. Thomas. I didn't see you there."

Johnny was best described as disheveled. It looked like a football team had tackled him. His cloths were rumpled, and he was sweating buckets...his face red and his hair matted down. 

"It might help if you were actually looking, Johnny. Are you okay?"

"Yes, I'm fine."

Tina looked him up and down. "What have you been doing? Pushups in the elevator?"

"Uh...no. I was...I...I just got done unloading a bunch of luggage for one of the guests. Just a little winded, that's all. It was pretty strenuous."

"It looks like it. Look...just be careful. You could hurt yourself not looking where you're going like that," I said with a smile.

"Yes sir," he said, stumbling away like he was trying to escape. He took a couple of steps and stopped. We could tell he was thinking, and finally he turned as I held the elevator, waiting to see what he was doing. "Mr. Thomas, thanks for the tip. It was fantastic."

Tina and I cracked up. We got on the elevator and she practically jumped in my arms. "I think we know what he's been doing. So, tell me James...ever done it in an elevator?"

"No. I've killed a man in one, though. A couple, actually," I said, thinking of various Bond films where that happened.

"Well, maybe we'd better think of another place then. I wouldn't want you to get confused."

"You've got a point," I said as the door opened on our floor. I put her down and we walked to the end of the hallway to the door of the suite. I pulled out the key, and went to open the door, but found that it wasn't closed...the door was ajar against the frame. I winked at Tina, and reached into my coat, pulling out my gun. Following my lead, she reached between her legs and pulled out hers. It was an amazing sight as she flashed me her pussy as she removed her toy revolver from its holster. She winked back at me and nodded, gun in one hand, and Polaroid in the other. We went in to the suite like we were real agents, slow and careful, checking to make sure the coast was clear.

We could hear Tammy as soon as we were through the door. It sounded exactly like it had when we'd left. She was making the same moaning sounds as when we'd gone to the theater hours before. And even though we knew what was up, we still canvassed the front rooms to make sure they were secure before we made our way to the bedroom door, which was closed. It was silly, but it was also fun.

Tina gave me a hand signal, and I got ready to open the door so we could 'save the day'. I nodded that I understood, and she counted to three with her fingers. When she got to three, I turned the knob and we burst through the door with our guns pointed and ready. That was lost on Tammy, who was too busy cumming. She was naked on the bed, which looked well used. And her 'Antonio' was buried deep in her juicy snatch.

"Are you okay," I shouted over the noise of her orgasm.

Tammy opened her eyes, which went wild, shaking back and forth like she was in REM sleep mode.

"No...and yes...and no!" she screamed as she came.

Tina took a couple of pictures, which had Tammy stammering. Finally, she started to calm as she stopped fucking herself.

"Agent Nichols, are you okay?" Tina asked again, with a little laugh as she placed the camera and her gun on the elegant cherry desk against the wall next to the door.

Tammy looked at me and said, "If you came to save me, James, put away that little gun and get out that big one you have."

"What did you say, love?" I said, mocking like I misunderstood her.

"I said get out your big cock and get over here and fuck me again!"

I put away my gun and removed my jacket. "Again...I never..."

"I know you haven't, dammit! I just fucked Johnny to keep him quiet. Again, as in I need fucked again. I need a reward for doing my duty...so, you need to get over here and do yours. Isn't that what you do, James? Fuck every girl you set your eyes on, all for the glory of England?"

"What makes you say that?" I asked, grinning at her.

"That's what Ann...fuck! I knew I'd mess up! I meant...that's what KITTY said when she asked if I was willing to be a part of this mission."

"Wait a minute. You talked to...Kitty?" I said, not believing my ears. Of course, I should have believed her from the start. Ann did say that Tammy was a part of it in her letter, but I figured that only meant she had the boxes and the tickets for the movie. I never dreamed it was more than that. "How exactly did she get you to do this?" I asked.

"I'm not at liberty to say. It's classified," she said with a giggle. "But, there is a message on the phone for you...I think it's from Moneysworth."

"Moneypenny?" I said with a smile.

"Yeah, that's it. I knew it was Money...something."

"Oh my God...that woman of yours is good!" Tina laughed, referring again to Ann. 

I practically ran over to the desk and picked up the phone. The blinking red light was like a hot line, but knowing there was a message from Ann gave 'hot line' a whole new meaning to me. As I dialed, I looked over my shoulder to see Tammy...her beautiful naked body languishing sexily on the mattress as she waited for someone...anyone, to join her. Tina crawled onto the bed still in her dress, burying her face between Tammy's thighs. I picked up the camera and took a picture while I waited for my message to start. I thought of Ann as I watched the picture develop in front of my eyes. "She's going to love this," I said, smiling to myself. 

~*~*~*~*~*~

There were actually two messages waiting for me. The first one, true to her word, was from Ann. She was pretending to be Moneypenny, but didn't bother trying to formulate an accent. Instead, she just altered her voice a little, talking with a sultry inflection that was dripping with sexual overtones.

"Hello James. Moneypenny here. M has instructed me to inform you Agent Nichols has recently received the appropriate security clearance level, so she's no longer in a support position. She's been reassigned to a more active role in the mission, and she has agreed to work UNDER your direction. You may USE her as you see fit. James, I know it may seem ungentlemanly for you to kiss and tell; but I do hope you will make an exception for me. Or, you could always just show me yourself the next time we're together. Be careful, and good luck." 

I deleted the message, and went to the second one. I was stunned that it was another one from Ann. Only this time it was from...Ann.

"Hi Neil. It's me. Look, I'm kicking myself for doing this... I swore I was just going to set this up and let it happen, because I know you're smart enough to figure this out on your own...and I pray I'm not ruining this for you now. But when Tammy called, I figured I should call you. Then I left that message, and I know you must have a thousand questions going on in your mind. I know I would. I promise you baby...I'll answer all of them when the weekend is over and you're back home. But, just in case there are any questions right now about where this going...I want you to know I'm okay with this. Look, you don't have to do anything with Tammy...or with Tina, or with anyone else for that matter. It's up to you. But...I want you to go through this weekend thinking 'What would Bond do?' And I mean every part of this weekend, Neil. What would Bond do? Go into this interview like it really is a mission...and you're Bond. That's who you are this weekend...so, think about it, and do whatever he would do. And remember...I love you, no matter what you decide. Bye baby. I'll talk to you Sunday night." 

Ann's voice sounded soothing, and supportive, soaring with confidence as she spoke about me. It was like she was trying to build me up. And I quickly realized that's what it was. That's exactly what this was all about. I'd been worried about having the ability to do the job I was going to interview for, thinking I was under qualified. There were going to be who knows how many people that were going to be up for the job too, and I was caught up in my potential shortcomings instead of focusing on what I brought to the table. When I thought about it, Bond was often outmatched in some way, but he always used what he had to get the job done. It was the confident airs about him. Ann was trying to find a way for me to believe in myself, and she was using a character I loved to do it. "God I love her," I said to myself as I thought about Ann.

~*~*~*~*~*~

Comparing myself to Bond, I couldn't help but feel giddy. In my first sexual escapade with a 'Bond Girl', I was going to be with not one, but two of them. Bond usual had two per movie. Here I was, about to have two at a time. It was hard to imagine Bond in a threesome, actually. By nature, he was guarded, and used women to his own end. He would never allow himself to be compromised by having two against one in any situation that he could control. Then again, Bond never had two different agents working with him at the same time that were female. There seemed to always be a Bond Girl that was on the good side and another on the bad side. He'd might bed them both, but one at a time. Yet, I willing to bet that with his libido, if he had two Agents that were like the ones I had with me, he'd do what I was about to do. 

Tina was busy licking off fresh cum Johnny had left on Tammy's tits. Tammy had rolled toward her a little and cupped her hand on the back of Tina's head, pulling in harder to her chest. Tina took that as a cue, and bit lightly at Tammy's skin, which got a positive reaction. That reaction had Tina gnawing at Tammy's nipples a moment later and Tammy responded positively once again. It was sexual chemistry; naughty actions, followed by the heated reactions to them. It was also very sexy.

I eased between Tammy's legs, which opened wider when she felt my presence. Before I did anything though, I took a couple of pictures of the girls together. It took a moment for them to become comfortable, but I reminded them that I'd already taken one of them earlier. 

Tammy squirmed, excited about being captured by the lens. Tina quickly moved up as she pushed Tammy onto her back. Facing me, she moved her knees to the sides of Tammy's head and held her dripping pussy just inches above Tammy's mouth. "Make sure you get a picture of this for the file, James."

Lowering herself further, Tina ground her hips onto Tammy's face a little before pulling up. I wondered how Tammy would take it, since her body language showed uncertainty. But as Tina moved to give her some breathing room, Tammy was eagerly going down on her fellow Secret Agent while I took another picture. 

I put the camera aside and lifted Tammy's legs at her knees, pulling them up and spreading them wider. Her cunt was red and puffy. It was obvious that Johnny had worked it over pretty good. Or, it could have been from abusing herself with her new toy. Who knew how long she fucked herself before she eventually went and found him.

Playing with her, I held my cock with my hand and moved the tip up and down her slit, letting her feel the big head as it split her flesh. Tammy moaned into Tina's pussy, and she bucked her hips; the international sign of a woman that wants whatever it is that's toying with her pussy to be shoved inside. I bucked my own hips, shoving half my shaft into her cunt in one quick thrust. 

"Fuck! That got her attention...man her tongue just went deep inside me," Tina groaned as she moved her own hips, mashing her pussy onto the tongue that was licking it. I pulled back slightly, and thrust forward again, burying myself inside Tammy's tight little love hole. Tammy's back arched, making her tits jump up in front of us.

"Don't mind if I do," Tina said as she started pulling hard at Tammy's nipples. Tammy screamed into Tina's cunt.

"That got her attention, too," I said as I started to pump in and out with deep hard strokes.

We fucked like that for quite a while, until Tina said she wanted some cock of her own. I pulled out, and Tammy reluctantly moved to the other end of the bed and got on her back, while Tina got in front of me doggy style. As I entered her from behind, Tina lowered her head to Tammy's cunt and started eating her again. 
