 It was a gray, misty morning. Nothing like the beautiful one filled with blue skies and sunshine we'd had the day before. It certainly wasn't convertible weather. It seemed like a waste, having to keep the top up on the rented Camaro as Tina and I headed to the airport for our flight back to Indiana. Actually, our first flight was going to Texas, and then eventually on to Indiana. It was going to be a long, long day, and I really wasn't looking forward to it. 

I'd mostly gotten past my hatred of flying. I didn't fear it any more. But air travel is a hassle, what with the waiting, the layovers, the potential for lost luggage and the crowds. But there was little we could do. Driving home wasn't realistic, at least as far as the cost. But I knew I could drive the distance from Dulles to Fort Wayne in about 9 hours, and I was looking at more than that to fly home, based on the flight schedule we had due to the suddenness of the trip.

We had to get up and drive to the airport early. Then mixing in all the waiting, the flying, the layover, more flying and then getting our luggage; plus getting to my car, and the drive home...it was looking more like 11 hours from the time we got up until I'd get Tina home. If you can drive from one destination point to the other faster than you can fly it, then in my book, it's officially a hassle.

We'd gotten up at 6 to get ready, pack, and get to going. The flight was at 9:30, and with returning the car and the drive to the airport, we were on the road by 7:00, grumpy and tired. 

~*~*~*~*~*~

Kyle and Melody had left the suite at one in the morning. Kyle was clutching about 50 pictures in his hand as they walked out, explicit reminders of their evening. The two of them were both sweaty and smelled of sex, but they didn't want to shower. Melody insisted on going home like she was.

"You're the one that wanted me to be a slut again, babe. You should've been careful what you wished for...I don't think I'm going to be able to stop now that you got me started," she said as she looked at the picture she was holding; one of her in a threesome with me and Johnny.

"I'm fine with that, Mel. I told you, we should be able to be parents, and still have the fun we used to have. We just have to be careful, and creative."

We said goodbye, and Tina and I were asleep within minutes. Tammy was in the shower, washing off the huge load of cum Kyle had shot on her back. We didn't hear her leave, but we did find the thank you note on the hotel stationary she left next to Tina's new dildo. She wrote that she left it there because she knew we'd find it...something about putting it next to an item she knew Tina would never leave behind.

We didn't see her on the way out. Johnny either. They were both off work, and I wondered silently if they would still fuck each other now that we were leaving. And I wondered how Melody and Kyle's life had changed, and what the world had in store for them once they got home to the kids. I hoped it wasn't regret. That's the thing about serendipitous sex. You never know what things get churned up in the wake once the ships that pass in the night move on. 

~*~*~*~*~*~

Tina had packed everything that Ann had sent us carefully in her luggage. We didn't need any headaches carrying pretend weapons on board, but she insisted that we take them with us. 

"Ann went to a lot of trouble to make this trip special for you, and for me. Can you even imagine the lengths she had to go through to do all of this...and in what, two days? And who knows, you may have to be Bond for her one day." When she put it like that, I didn't want her to throw them out either.

Ann had gone to a lot of trouble. I still couldn't figure out how she'd pulled all of it off, from clear across the country, in such a short amount of time. It was something I was certain we were going to talk about the next time we talked. And I knew I was that same 11 hours or so away from hearing her voice again. My heart ached, wishing it could be sooner. Wishing it could be that second. But for the moment, I still had a lot of travel ahead. I looked at Tina and smiled. At least I had an amazing woman in her own right to travel with.

The only thing Tina put in her carry on, besides her trusty dildo, was the camera, and the unused packages of film. She stored the pictures in the luggage, not wanting to take the chance that anyone would have to look in her carryon bag and find them. That seemed practical, and safe. I was tempted to grab a couple when she wasn't looking and stuffed them into my bag but thought better of it. The Bond weekend was over, and I was heading back to my life, waiting for Ann to come back into it full time.

~*~*~*~*~*~

That excitement of our adventure seemed gone as we dropped off the car and got on the shuttle to the airport. Tina and I were now stuck. The rest of our day would be long and torturous. Even though we'd packed our personas of Bond and Pussy in the luggage, a thought those characters did cross my mind as we sat on the uncomfortable bench seat of the big shuttle van we were riding in. 

"You know, you never see this part in the movies."

"What part? What are you talking about?" Tina asked.

"In the Bond movies. You always see him in those exotic locations, and he's already there. Or, you see him getting off a plane...maybe. But you never see this."

"This what?"

"This! You know, the sitting around, riding in shuttles and sitting on planes. They never show him waiting for his luggage to show up."

"Well, they may not show it, but you know it happens. It can't all be guns and girls, Neil. Don't let that ruin the rest of the weekend. I'm still having fun."

"Fun? What is even remotely fun about this?" I said pointing at our surroundings.

"I'm sitting next to this," she said, pointing at me. "Try to look at the positives, and let's make the best of it."

Tina words made me snap out of my funk. She was right. It was going to be a long day, but that didn't mean it had to be the horrendous disaster I was making it out to be in my head. We arrived at the terminal, and I gave Tina a peck on the cheek.

"What's that for?" she asked with a quirky smile.

"For making me see things clearer. I get to sit next to you and your delectable tits the rest of the day. I should consider myself lucky."

"What? No mention of my succulent pussy? You know I'm not wearing anything under this little skirt, right?"

"I do now," I laughed. 

Actually I already knew that. I knew she didn't bring any with her, because Ann told her she couldn't wear any. But with that thought fresh in my mind, we carried our luggage inside and got in line to get them checked in.

~*~*~*~*~*~

'NEIL THOMAS. PAGING MR. NEIL THOMAS. PLEASE PICK UP A WHITE COURTESY PHONE AND DIAL 109.'

I looked at Tina, who was looking at me with the same surprised expression. If she hadn't been a cute woman, I would have thought I was looking in a mirror. 

"Did they just page you?" she asked.

"I was going to ask you that. I thought I was hearing things."

I waited, to make sure, but a minute or so later, we heard the page over the intercom system a second time.

"Holy shit. I wonder what that's about," I said as I got up from the chair I was sitting in near our gate. We had almost an hour before we were to board. My mind scrambled, and I got nervous. "I hope there's nothing wrong at home."

"Do you want me to come with you?" Tina asked. I smiled wickedly, and she blushed. "You know what I meant, you perv!" 

"Sorry. I can't help myself. But you're the one that reminded me how you're dressed. You can't blame me."

"I don't blame you. I should have known better than to give you an opening."

I arched my eyebrow, and she blushed again. But then she spread her thighs ever so slightly to give me a quick flash of her pink slit. Crossing her legs, she said, "There. Now you have a reason to be thinking naughty thoughts. Now hurry up and go find out what's going on, will you? The suspense is killing me."

The page! I'd totally forgotten about the page, my brain lost in between Tina's fabulous thighs. I spun around and walked, trying to figure out where a courtesy phone would even be. I found an airport employee, who pointed me toward the bank of payphones down a hallway off the main corridor. He told me there were several white phones on the wall, enclosed in their own little listening chambers just like the pay variety. Finding one, I picked up the receiver and dialed 109.

"Hello?" I said, wondering just who was on the other end.

"Mr. Thomas?"

"Yes?"

"Hello sir. This is Stephanie with United Airlines Customer Services. I have a call for you, sir. Can you verify your identity for me please?"

"It's me," I said, wondering just how I was supposed to do that over the phone.

The woman on the phone let out a sexy little laugh and said, "I'm sure you are sir, but I need something a little more definitive than your word. We ask for an answer to a question the caller provides us that only you would know the answer to. They can hear you, and if they verify that you are the party they wish to speak to, I will connect your phone so you can hear them."

"Okay...what's the question?"

"One moment, please," she said. There was a pause, and I was apparently waiting for Stephanie to obtain the question from whoever was calling me. I heard her connect again, and she said, "Sir?"

"Yes?"

"The verification question is, 'what were the names of the couple you and Miss Roberts entertained last night.' Your party is currently listening on the line for your answer."

I was stunned. My mind raced, and the only people I dreamed could be calling with a question like that were either Kyle or Melody, or Tammy. Johnny didn't know their names, unless he got them from Tammy. But why would any of them call me. My guess was it was Kyle, or perhaps Melody. I got a little nervous, thinking that things had gone bad when they left. I fully expected to have one of them on the other end, full of rage or despair, or just plain regret...telling me their marriage was in trouble.

"Sir? Are you still there?"

"Uh...yeah. Sorry."

"Do you have the answer, Sir, or do I need to disconnect?"

I racked my brain, trying to remember their last name. I couldn't recall at first what Tammy said when she introduced them. Finally, it struck me, and I blurted it out. "Uhh...Kramer. Kyle and Melody Kramer."

"Miss, is that answer correct? Very good, I'll connect you now. Have a great day, Mr. Thomas, and thank you for choosing to fly with United. Here's your party."

I waited, and then heard a click, opening the phone line. "Hi baby!"

I was stunned. "Ann?"

"Yes. How are you, baby? How did the interview go?"

"Ann...wha...what's going on?" I asked, looking at my watch. It was 8:45, which meant it was a quarter to 6 in California. 

"What do you mean what's going on? Can't a girl call her fiancée just to say hi?" she said letting out a little snicker.

"Ann, seriously. What's going on? I mean, I'm thrilled you called, and I want to talk...but what the fuck! I have to tell you, you just scared the shit out of me. I thought something was wrong." 

Sensing my desperate tone, and the fact that I was talking fast and agitated, she asked, "Neil, are you upset with me?"

"No, not really. I'm just confused. How the hell do you know about Kyle and Melody? And how did you pull off all the things you've done this weekend?"

"Well, first, I have to ask. Have you enjoyed the weekend so far?"

"Yes, of course. That's not the point."

"Sure it is. I did all of it for you. And for Tina, to thank her for what she's done to keep you satisfied while I'm away from you."

"Jeez, Ann, it's not like I can't go a couple of months without sex. I've done it before."

"Yeah...did you like it?"

"What?"

"Did you like going over a year without sex, Neil?"

"No...but that's not the point, either."

"YES...it IS!" Ann snapped a little, and I stopped talking. I had been the one that was upset, and now Ann was. I didn't know what to say. I could hear her take a deep breath, trying to calm down. "Neil, I know we've talked about this before. But let me say it a different way so, and maybe you'll understand."

I stood there in the narrow hallway full of phone booths just off the main concourse, wondering what was going on. Ann had me paged, on the pretense of just saying hi, and I was so flustered by the call I snapped. And that led to her feeding off my negative reaction. My mood had gone from bad, to good, right back to bad...for no reason. Ann hadn't done anything other than call me...another extraordinary effort on her part to surprise me. I kicked myself for being so quick to judge, and so quick to be upset. I took a deep breath and listened to her, hoping I'd have a chance to make things right.

Ann's voice was quivering, the shock of my being upset showing now. She let out a small sigh and said, "First, I love you. And because I love you, I didn't want to see you suffer. You went forever without being with a woman, and then, you finally start getting your life back on track. You have that amazing weekend with Dawn. And you follow that up by giving me the greatest week of my life, and at the end of that week, you ask me to marry you. And I say yes...why? Because I LOVE YOU! And what kind of reward do you get for that...I leave, and you get another three or four month prison sentence where you don't get laid again. How is that fair?"

I tried to be calm, and said, "It was never about being fair, Ann. It's about being faithful."

"You are being faithful, dammit. If I orchestrated the circumstances, and in the process, you got to have a little sex, how is that being unfaithful?"

"Well, what about you? You went through the same thing. You had a breakup, and now you have to go without. You seem to be okay with it, so, why am I different?"

"Because I'm a woman."

"What does that mean? Women are more in control of their sexual urges than men are? Is that it?"

"Well, if you're asking that as a question, then yes...in general, that's true. But not in this case," she said with a little laugh, her mood finally lightening a bit.

"What does that mean?"

"It means, I'm a woman, and it's different for women, Neil. When I finally had enough of Ray's shit, and saw that he was never going to choose me over the bitch he ended up with, I went through my depression. But it didn't last as long as yours and it wasn't as deep as yours was. I would never pretend that what I went through was as bad as what you had to endure. Nevertheless, I was depressed. BUT, one of the biggest reasons yours took you so long to pull out of compared to mine was because of that stupid town you live in."

"Well, I'm not going to argue that. But what are you getting at?"

"I'm getting at the fact that I'm a woman. And I don't want to sound conceited, because I really don't think I am...but I know that I'm somewhat attractive."

"Somewhat? Is it a crime to for you to call yourself hot?" I laughed, happy that our conversation was back to being loving instead of the terse way I'd started.

"Fine, if you're going to be okay being with a conceited wife, then I'm fucking hot, thank you very much!" she said bluntly. She followed that with, "I can't believe I just said that, but whatever. What I'm stumbling to say, is that it's a lot easier for an attractive girl to go through a breakup, and it's certainly easier that I did it in California. When I finally dumped Ray, it was on a Monday, and I hadn't been with him for three weeks before that, so I was really horny. By Saturday night I'd had enough feeling sorry for myself."

"And?" I asked.

"And so, I went to a club with some girlfriends, and by the end of the night I was getting fucked. It wasn't that great by any stretch of the imagination, and I was still depressed, but at least I got laid, and that started to get my head clear. After that I continued to fuck, any time I wanted it. I told you, I've sewn more than my share of wild oats...that's the way it is out here. And if you lived in California, I guarantee you that you would have gotten laid in less than a week if you had wanted to." 

"Gee, that's swell," I said sarcastically.

"Babe, I'm not trying to make light of it. I just want you to know it, because it's true. I know you were devastated by what she did to you. And I know you wouldn't have sex the same week like I did when I dumped Ray. Like I said, our circumstances were a little different. I saw the handwriting on the wall long before you did. So, I went out and got laid."

"Okay, so you got some...what about now? Aren't you just like me? You got yourself back on track...and then, how did you put it...you're in prison? You've been given the same prison sentence I have. How is that part different, babe?"

Ann smiled. I could feel it through the telephone line. "I broke it off with Ray quite a while ago, sweetie. And before we found each other, I was a bad, bad girl. And that's why I need to be a good girl right now, and just fuck 'Antonio' when I need to. I need to show you that with all the candy I could choose from out here, I can wait for you. But you're on the other end of the spectrum. And besides, if I'm not getting any, then I need you to so that I can get off on that. I've been so excited waiting to hear about what happened this weekend. I know you're going to make me cum like you were here with me, eating my pussy, when you finally tell me."

"And I want to do that, Ann. But no matter what you set up, as wonderful as it is that you love me so much that you're willing to share me for now, I know that I'll never be comfortable until you're back in my arms. This is all a diversion. You need to know that."

"I do, baby. I do. But please don't shortchange it. I put a lot of effort into this little 'diversion' this weekend. And I've been worried sick that I really fucked up and that things didn't work out on the interview."

"Well don't be. The interview was amazing. I'm pretty sure that we'll get some kind of an offer. And I'm not sure how or why, but the 'Bond' thing really made me more confident. I don't think I would have gotten past the first wave of interviews just being Neil Thomas."

Ann's ire rose again, coming to the rescue. My rescue...rescuing me from the self-doubt I'd let grab me again. "That's crap, Neil, and you know it. All I did was show you what was already there inside you. I was just trying to do something to get your mind off of being nervous. So, you think it worked?" "Well, I KNOW I could have the job for sure if I let Dr. Goodhead go to bat for me."

"Dr. Goodhead? I'm scared to ask," Ann said with a laugh.

"She's the Executive Secretary of the guy that is in charge of the plant. Her real name's Carol Shade."

"Wait a minute...she's named Dr. Goodhead, then that must mean she's part of the game too. Did you..."

"What do you think, Moneypenny? After all, the name is Bond. James Bond."

"Holy shit...where's Antonio! I need..." I could hear Ann, rummaging around, trying to find her dildo. I couldn't help but smile, especially when I heard the telltale sign that she'd just stuffed herself with it. "Fuck, I feel so full, baby," she said as she started fucking herself. Her breathing became rough and throaty, and I could hear the sloshing sounds of her wet pussy as she rammed the phallus inside her. I knew from how clear it sounded that she was holding the phone next to her pussy every once in a while. 

"Lie down and put the phone next to your head, babe. Pull you nipples for me while you fuck yourself."

"Oh fuck...yes!" she said as she did it. I closed my eyes and tried to picture Ann, naked and writhing around on her bed as she yanked on those hard buds I loved so much. I could see her in my mind; ramming her cunt with a rubber cock just like the ones she sent Tina and Tammy. "God! I miss you baby! I miss your big cock in me! Fuck me, Neil!" she said, quietly, but loud enough that I heard it. I couldn't tell if she was talking to me at that moment. She seemed to be talking about me, to herself. I closed my eyes, and pictured her again, alone on a weeknight, fucking herself to sleep as she dreamt about us being together. 
