 Rays of sunlight snuck past the slats of the venetian blinds; the telltale stripes of sunbeams cutting across our naked bodies as we lay together, uncovered on the mattress. Ann and I were spooning in my all time favorite position. The one I'd dreamed on countless lonely nights. The one I'd finally had after some 4 years, that first night I was with Dawn.

Now I was having that same amazing experience with Ann; and I even though I was exhausted, and a little dazed that the heat from the sunlight had woken me up, I couldn't have been happier. My right hand was draped over Ann, resting on her left tit. My left arm bent as my hand was under my head, supporting the fluffy down pillow. My left leg was straight; my right bent, with my knee lovingly trapped between Ann's magical thighs. 

But the best part...the part that I dreamed about, and frankly, loved, was that Ann and I were still coupled together. My cock was it's normal morning state of arousal, which meant it was fully erect and hard as a rock. And it was still buried deep inside Ann's pussy, where it was when we both drifted off almost immediately after we'd cum together following a slow, tender half hour of lovemaking. Well, most of it was slow and tender. I smiled when I thought about the way we ended. 

I lifted my head slightly, trying to see the clock up on the end table next to the couch. The table that was three feet above my head. Ann and I were sleeping on a thin mattress laid out on the floor; the one pulled off of the hide-a-bed. She'd sold her bed months before, and was using the old couch Chad and Dana had as a bed. But the springs inside the hide-a-bed were shot, and Ann said we'd never get a good nights sleep on it. She had been pulling the mattress out and laying there on the floor since the first night she'd been using it.

And Ann using the mattress on the floor kind of changed my mental image of her from all of those nights we'd been on the phone while I was talking her through some amazing orgasm, and she would often do the same for me. I always pictured Ann on a big, four poster bed, fucking herself with her magic dildo. It never occurred to me she was on some old, well-used couch mattress lying on the floor. Not that it mattered. That only made those now altered memories seem hotter in some odd way; like she was so desperate to cum for me she didn't care where she was. Still, I realized that one of the first things we'd be buying together after we moved to West Virginia was a new bed. One that was more deserving of her. I'd be taking mine, but it was smaller than I wanted for the two of us, more suited for a guestroom.

As I strained my neck to try and see what time it was, Ann moved, her lower body reacting to my cock deep inside her tender pussy. She breathed deep as she felt my shaft pulsing, raging and ready once again to bring her whatever pleasure she wanted. I felt her hand touching my balls, as if to confirm she wasn't dreaming. I put my head back on the pillow and squeezed her breast.

"Mmmm...what time is it lover?" she cooed as I took a small stroke inside her, trying to make sure she was lubed enough that I wouldn't hurt her. I could hear the squishing sounds, as my cock easily slid out, and then back in, the stroke itself no more than an inch as the base nestled back firmly against her ass and pubic mound.

"It's almost ten," I said, thinking about how I was now used to the time change. A quick passing thought hit me, thinking that if I was back home, it would be close to one and my workday would be almost over. This was so much better than working it wasn't funny.

"I see you took my hint about fucking me whenever you want to. What a wonderful way to wake up."

"Yes, it is. It's my favorite," I said.

Ann's brow furrowed as she questioned my response. "How...how long have you been fucking me?" Ann asked, looking over her shoulder with a puzzled grin.

"I never stopped, lover."

~*~*~*~*~*~

Dana was standing in the grass, looking at me like I'd just told her she had to run naked through the streets of the town she lived in. Of course, she was already naked, and I'd just reminded her that the second of the three 'dares' I'd gotten on the last card of the adult board game she had talked us into playing was going to be directed at her. For all she knew, I WAS going to make her streak around her neighborhood. 

Ann was standing next to me, still stroking my hard cock. More accurately, she was stroking my still hard cock, as I'd just coated her face and hair moments before with a huge load of my sperm. Dana had been staring at Ann, and then my cock, going back and forth between those two focal points. The crazed look in her eyes made me very glad I'd insisted on the 'no fucking spouses' rule before we'd started the game.

But once I'd said to Ann that the next dare was Dana's, Dana stopped looking at my cock, and Ann's face. She was totally focused on me, staring into my eyes. I could tell by the look on her face that she'd been so engrossed in Ann and I fucking each other, including the fireworks ending, that she'd totally forgotten about the game, and the fact that I'd announced that one of the three dares would be hers. 

"I'm...next?" she said, pointing at herself.

Ann laughed and said what I'd been thinking. "You forgot, didn't you?" Dana nodded, and Ann shook her head in disbelief. "I'm going to go in and check on the girls. Whatever Neil's going to have you do, I'm sure we don't want one of them waking up to see it."

"They'll be fine, Ann. You know they never wake up once they're asleep," Chad said.

"Do you really want to take that chance?" Ann asked, being practical "Let's just be safe...I'm sure you're right, but it will only take me a minute to check. I'll be right back." 

Ann let go of my cock to walk into the house, which made it bob up and down a couple of times. Dana's eyes were drawn back to it, and Chad let out a little groan, thinking he was going to watch his wife play with my cock again. I don't think that bothered him as much as not being able to get involved himself.

"You know, Dana...if we ever DO play this damn game again, I'll never play that way again. I think I'd rather do a dare than be left out all night long," he said, almost pouting.

"Who said anything about you being left out?" I asked.

"You did...you said that two of the dares were for Ann, and one was for Dana."

"Right...but I didn't say what they were, and if you remember, the card said all players are in play. Which means you, buddy!" I said, slapping him on the shoulder.

"Really?" he said, getting excited.

"Yeah...really."

"So, what does that mean?" Dana asked.

"It means I have to ask you a question."

Dana took a deep breath, knowing whatever question I was going to ask her was likely to be one where she'd wished she'd taken a deep breath. So, she inhaled as a preemptive measure, and after exhaling, she said, "Okay...what would you like to ask?"

I grinned, trying to appear charming, and said, "I was just wondering...have you ever been involved in a threesome?"

~*~*~*~*~*~

The sun felt good on my skin, even though it had woken me up sooner than my body was ready for. I'd only been in California a couple of days, but I knew I'd adjusted to the time difference. I wasn't tired from the travel any longer...I was exhausted from the sex. Ann and I had been going at each other practically nonstop ever since I'd landed at the airport. Add to that the extra curricular fun we'd had with Chad and Dana the night before, and there had to be a toll to pay. Yet I felt I was suffering more from mental fatigue. It wasn't the sex physically...it was the thinking about sex constantly. I was tired...happily. 

Ann reached behind her, and me, gently stroking my ass as I moved my hips ever so slightly in and out. I was making the same short strokes, no more than an inch. I wasn't really fucking Ann. Sure, my cock was deep inside her, but I wasn't fucking as much as I was filling her up...stuffing her pussy and keeping it feeling stretched and, well...used.

"You feel so huge, baby. Are you...bigger...in the mornings? 

"I don't think so...I've never been one of those guys that felt compelled to measure himself. Why?"

Ann let out a little laugh and said, "You mean you didn't have a chart like that kid in 'Porky's'?"

I laughed and said, "Hardly...that seems a little vain." 

"So, you've never been curious about just how big you are?" she asked rather innocently.

"It's not like I don't know. I have been measured before."

"What, for a suit?"

"No...by the way, how did you know my suit size?" I said, changing the subject.

"What?"

"You know, for my Bond suit. How did you know?"

"It's my job, babe. I know clothes. You wore a pair of Levi's the one day we were together, and the tag was on the back...so I kind of cheated there. I guessed at the jacket, but I knew I was close. It fit great too, based on the pictures you sent. Now what were you talking about? You've been measured?"

"Yes. There was this curious girl I fucked once in college. Said I was the biggest she'd ever had and wanted to know how big I was. I couldn't tell her, so she got out a measuring tape."

"What...out of her toolbox?"

"It wasn't a carpentry tape. It was one of those from a sewing kit...the cloth kind. And I didn't call it her toolbox...it was just a pussy. Not a very good one either...I only fucked her once."

"Wow...I never thought of my pussy as a 'toolbox'...you are SO funny!" she laughed. 

I didn't think it was as funny as she was making it out to be, but Ann's infectious laughter had me laughing with her. "I never said YOUR pussy, Ann. I was talking about hers...I don't even remember her name."

"Isn't a toolbox where you keep your tool when you're not using it?"

"Yeah...so," I said, not thinking about what she said.

"Well, you said you kept yours in me all night...I think qualifies," she said, laughing again. I pulled back, taking most of my cock out of her, before slamming back deep inside Ann. Ann let out a little grunt, her eyes widening. "What was that for?" she said as I pulled out to do it again.

"Just wanted to use my hammer," I said with a grin.

"Careful babe. I'm a little sore from yesterday...you really fucked me hard last night." 

I could tell Ann was serious, and I quickly backed off. I loved being playful with her, but the thought of hurting her made me blanch. I didn't totally soften, but my cock did feel the effects. "I'm sorry baby," I said as I pulled out.

"Oh...Neil. I didn't mean you had to stop. I wanted it that way. I just..." But Ann couldn't say anything to save it. The moment was lost. Our talking had me in the mood for a hard, vigorous morning romp...but Ann needed something else. I was okay with it, but my once I thought I was hurting her, my body...namely, my dick, shut down. 

Yet Ann didn't get upset. She was a compassionate, understanding lover, and she knew what happened and why. That can only come from experience, and being confident in yourself...and both Ann and I shared those traits now. We'd been battle tested in previous relationships, and what we'd gone through brought us together as two stronger, more open people than we otherwise would have been. 

Instead of dwelling on what happened, or being upset, Ann rolled with the flow. She wasn't giving up on the moment, only altering the mood to help me get back into one that would lead to something I was sure would be wonderful.

She turned over and kissed me, pulling me into her arms. We held each other for a while, gently stroking each other's skin lightly. "I could really use a hot soak right now. Would you like me to wash you?" Ann said, biting the edge of her lower lip as her big brown eyes twinkled in the slivers of sunlight that were landing squarely over the mattress. It made me wonder why she would place the mattress right next to the window of the enormous bedroom. 

"Are you sure?" I asked, grabbing her ass.

"Baby...I've still got two loads of dried cum on my face and in my hair...I can't look that good."

"You look fantastic to me. In fact, I wouldn't mind waking up to you looking like that all the time."

"Ha...I'm sure you wouldn't. I still can't believe you made me go to bed like this."

"It was Sunday," I said with a smile.

"Actually, I'm pretty sure it was Monday when we went to bed...but I did feel pretty slutty. I love you!"

"I love you to," I said giving her another kiss.

"So...do you want me to wash you?" she said, saying it in a way that made it sound very alluring. 

It was an offer I found hard to argue with, particularly since she had me hard again, her hand softly massaging my balls. "Yeah...that sounds wonderful, babe."

"Great...let me clean up just a little first. You really made a mess of me last night."

"It wasn't just me," I said, reminding her of how our night outside had ended.

"Yeah...I know. I still can't believe we did that...that I did that! And yes...I know, it was Sunday."

"Did you have fun?"

"You know I did...and I think they did too. Why don't you get us some orange juice...I'm going to clean up a little bit, and get myself ready for you. Okay?"

Ann hopped up and walked into the bathroom, leaving the door open, and leaving me there. I was hard again, and still horny. But I didn't mind. I knew whatever Ann was planning would be worth it. Shaking my head, I laid back down on the mattress for a moment, thinking about Chad and Dana, and the finale of the game we'd played. 

~*~*~*~*~*~

Ann walked back out onto the deck, closing the sliding glass door quietly behind her. She was wearing her little silky Kimono, having to put something on to cover herself when she'd gone in to check on the girls. Of course, her face and hair were still covered with the big load of cum I'd squirted all over her, but I'm sure she didn't go all the way into their room.

She stopped in her tracks as she looked at the three of us in the grass. "How long was I gone?" she asked with a little laugh as she watched the action.

"Are the girls still sleeping," Chad said breathlessly.

"You were right. They're out...and they will be for the night. I'm amazed at how sound they both sleep," she said as she opened the tie and let the robe slip off her shoulders. She threw it onto the deck next to her clothes, and stepped to the edge of the deck, sitting down on the top step. "I closed their door to be safe though. Look, I know I wasn't gone THAT long. What happened?"

"Who are you asking?" I said, grinning at her.

"Well, I can't ask Dana. Her mouth's full!" Ann said as she parted her legs and started playing with her clit as she watched Dana take on Chad and me.

~*~*~*~*~*~

"NO...are you kidding!" Dana snapped at my question.

"Have you ever THOUGHT about being in a threesome," I asked.

"I thought this was a dare...you didn't say anything about me having to tell the truth!"

"You're right...sorry. Although I think that answered my question." Dana turned red again, embarrassed once more during a game she not only wanted to play, but indicated she was more than willing to play again someday.

"W...what am I supposed to do?" she asked nervously.

"You're supposed to do a dare. And I'm thinking that now is as good a time as any for you to live out the fantasy you're not talking about."

"I never said it was a fantasy. You just asked if I ever thought about it."

"And you have...you just admitted it there."

Dana gave me a grin, knowing I'd tricked her into admitting it. "Fine...you got me. Now how do you want me?"

I loved the way she put it, but my options were somewhat limited. I wasn't going to bend on the 'no fucking spouses' rule. But, I did have a surprise up my sleeve. Of course, my sleeve was on my shirt, which was underneath my shorts in a pile on the deck next to the chair I'd been sitting in. But I had one, nonetheless.

"Well, you're dare is to do a threesome. Undress your husband, and fuck him. You can choose the position...it really doesn't matter to me. And once you're ready, you can have your threesome."

Dana never hesitated, practically ripping the jeans off of Chad to get to his boxers. She pushed him onto the lawn to take off the jeans, and then she yanked the underwear down his legs, throwing it aimlessly into the air. His hard cock was a little longer than mine, somewhere between 7 and 8 inches, but it was pencil thin; a little over half the width of mine. But I could see in Dana's eyes that she was in love with that cock, and the guy it was attached too.

Chad tried to get up, but Dana pushed him back onto his back. "I get to choose the position, so stay put. I'm fucking you just like that," she said as she turned her back to him, and straddled his body. Squatting over his cock, Dana got on her knees, her legs against Chad's sides as she reached between her legs to grab his shaft. A second later, she'd fed his long shaft into her cunt and sank quickly down onto it, making them both groan. 

Dana started riding up and down on Chad's cock. She had her head back; her eyes closed as her curly blond hair bounced along with her tits. Chad reached up and spanked her ass one time, and her eyes snapped open. She started to say something, but she saw me, and her eyes locked on mine. She stared at me, and I wondered what was going on in her mind. I was having trouble reading her expression, and I finally deduced that she was trying to come to terms with what she was about to do.

Dana grabbed her tits, pushing them together as she held them up, showing them to me. I smiled, and her eyes lit up. I was standing a couple of feet from her, just enjoying the show she was putting on, when she crooked her finger to motion me closer. I gave her a quick questioning look, and she pouted her lip. "I can't have a threesome unless there are three," she said, leaning forward.

I took one step forward, thinking I was still out of reach. I just wanted to tease her, but she leapt forward on her next stroke and grabbed my cock, literally pulling me to her. And then I was in her mouth as Dana stuffed as much of my shaft past her lips as she could. I could feel the tip of my cock against the back of her throat as she grabbed my ass and tried to force feed herself. But she couldn't get more than half my cock inside.

Resigned that she wasn't going to learn to deepthroat like Ann in a day, she tried to settle in to a rhythm where she could both fuck and suck. It wasn't the best position for it, but she'd wanted Chad flat on his back, so there was a learning curve. But after a couple of minutes, she not only got the hang of it...she got into it. 

Dana was rocking back and forth, and as she slammed down onto Chad, my cock would pull out of her mouth...and then she move back up off of Chad's cock to ram my shaft back into her throat. She'd been doing that for just a few minutes when Ann came out of the house. Dana's eyes shot over to Ann, but she never stopped. She just got more excited, knowing that she was now the one performing.

Ann played with herself as she sat on the steps of the deck, and I answered her question, saying, "It's actually only been a couple of minutes."

"Well, you sure didn't waste any time. I really wanted to see the look on her face when you told her what to do," Ann said.

"Why don't you get the look on her face now," I said, pointing at the camera lying in the grass, next to a couple dozen pictures of Ann and I fucking earlier, and a couple of unopened packages of Polaroid film. Ann scrambled to her feet and grabbed the camera. She had to reload before she could take any, but she did that quickly and snapped a few of the three of us.

Watching one of them develop, Ann said, "This is so hot!" She looked at me and said, "Is my last dare going to involve a threesome too?" Her face was nervous, but her eyes were hopeful. 
