 I was sitting on the edge of the tub, with Ann kneeling in the warm water in front of me. She was going about her work with a huge, contented smile on her face. Her 'work', as it were, appeared to be more of a newfound labor of love. She was shaving my crotch, and she was currently working on my balls after already taking care of the base of my shaft. Her fingers felt magical as she whisked the blades expertly over my sensitive skin.

It was in the midst of Ann doing my normal morning grooming that she looked up at me with her sweet brown eyes and asked, "So...what was Dana doing?" I could tell almost at once that something naughty was on Ann's mind.

"What?" I asked, trying to get an idea of where Ann was heading.

"I asked what Dana was doing...when you left her?"

Ann already knew I'd seen Dana in the kitchen. And I had been naked at the time, sporting a huge erection caused by Ann...being Ann. But she also knew that Dana had also been naked. And while I knew that Ann really didn't care that Dana and I had seen each other naked again, the question Ann had just asked didn't have an answer that most girlfriends or fiancées would find acceptable.

"Uh...I'm not sure I should tell you," I said treading carefully.

"Why not?"

"Because...you're holding a razor to my nuts. I don't think it's a good time to say anything that might piss you off," I kidded, flashing a quick little grin to let her know I was indeed joking.

"Do you really think I'm the jealous type all of a sudden?" she said, smiling back at me.

"Really not the time I'd want to find out you were, now is it?"

Ann laughed and said, "You KNOW I'm not jealous, baby. Tell me, what was she doing?"

"She was sitting on the couch in the living room, looking through the pictures we took last night."

"Oh...fuck. Was she..."

"Well, no...she wasn't fucking. She was fingering. But I suppose she could be finger fucking by now though," I laughed.

"Wow...she's that horny, huh?"

"Yeah...I suppose so. I'm pretty sure she's wishing that Chad wouldn't have had to go in to work this morning. But she's making the best of it." Ann's smile changed from one of wonderment to one of wickedness, and I knew for sure that she had something adventurous on her mind. "Ann...what are you thinking?" I asked warily.

She'd finished shaving me, having done my abdomen last, just as I'd 'taught' her when I'd shaved myself in front of her. Ann put the razor to the side and started running her hands over my skin, feeling the job she'd done firsthand. "I'm thinking you need to get in the water so I can rinse you off and make sure I did that right."

Ann took my hands and pulled at them, and I took her not so veiled hint and slid off the ledge and into the water with her. She had me sit on the little bench seat molded along the edge of the tub. Reaching for the controls, Ann turned on the jets to the Jacuzzi, turning up the heat in more ways than one. When the bubbles obscured the view of underneath the water, Ann's hands found my shaft again and started stroking me. 

"Time to test just how well I did shaving you, baby." She moved up and straddled me, quickly sinking her tight pussy over my shaft. "Wow...that feels smooth! What do you think, lover?"

"Oh...God yes!" I groaned as Ann started fucking me hard and fast. 

The walls of the tub were high, designed specifically for the jets to create a ripple effect in the water. Ann's energetic bouncing was creating waves, and the only reason the water wasn't sloshing over the sides was because she'd only filled the tub half way, just above where the jets were. I was surprised there weren't whitecaps on the water along with the foam the jets were creating. Ann had her arms around my neck, and her head was back as she leaned away from me, putting added pressure on my cock as it rubbed against her engorged clit.

I had my left arm around Ann's lower back, trying to hold her steady as she rode me. My right hand was grabbing at her tits, pawing at them. I loved the feel of Ann's slippery skin under my fingers and against my body. But it did make her harder to hold since she was leaning back so far. I eventually had to put my other arm behind her and just hold on. With the added support, Ann cut loose, feeling secure that I wouldn't let her fall back into the water and hit her head on the far side of the tub.

Her feet were on the seat next to my hips, and she was using her legs to push off my cock. I began to help her by pulling her back onto my shaft, shoving my cock as deep as I could into her hot pussy. Ann groaned...her eyes snapping shut as she moved harder and faster. It became a frenzied, frantic fuck. I had expected more of a lovemaking session, since that's what Ann intimated she wanted when we were in bed together. But she wasn't in that kind of mood anymore. She wanted the hard fuck I'd tried to give her in the bedroom earlier.

And I was totally fine with that. Ann's sudden energy was contagious, and I found it invigorating. I knew that she had been sore from the fucking I'd given her the night before. The soak in the tub she said she needed had restored her, as much mentally as physically. But there was no doubt that Ann was a morning person. At least not in my mind...and that was a bit of a concern. 

That was because I, on the other hand, had never been a morning person. I began thinking I was going to have to rethink my thoughts on that subject, particularly if I was going to be waking up to a woman like Ann next to me every day. Of course, we both had gotten up late, after staying up late...so it was actually not as 'morning' as most mornings were for me. But...I was getting laid, and the amazing babe bouncing on my lap was mere moments from cumming all over my shaft. It was hard not to enjoy a morning like that, no matter what kind of person I was.

"Neil...fuck me! Oh...fuck! Fuck me lover. I'm so close...make me..."

Ann had a thing for wanting me to 'make' her do things. It was what our Sunday had been all about the day before. And I was looking forward to many more of those kinds of days to follow in the years to come. But of all the things I loved 'making' Ann do sexually...it was just simply making her cum that I found the most exhilarating. It made me feel magical, and powerful. Ann had a way of making me feel more masculine than I'd ever felt before. 

She had a way of responding to me physically that was not only empowering...it made me soar. It was like when she came, I could feel her spirit somewhere deep in my very core. The warmth of her pussy, and the warm release she'd give me as she coated my cock with her cum, matched the intense heat I'd feel inside me chest as she gave herself to me in the most personal and intimate way she could. 

Ann came. She screamed out, not wanting, or willing, to hold in her emotions like she had the night before. Her body yielded to the orgasm that was overtaking her, and she slammed down hard on my cock, holding herself still. I began to buck my hips upward, making quick, sharp stabs into her tight cunt. Ann's big brown eyes rolled back white, her lower lip quivering as she came.

Ann's hands dropped from my neck, her feet slipping off the edge of the seat I was on in the Jacuzzi tub. I had to grab her lifeless body as it went limp, her full body weight impaling her pussy even deeper onto my thick, hard shaft. Pulling her to me, I wrapped my arms tighter around her, worried I'd lose my grip against her slippery skin. 

I nuzzled on the nape of Ann's neck, kissing and licking my way towards her left ear. Biting at her lobe, she roused, her hands finding my hair. She grabbed my locks and yanked my head back, thrusting her mouth over mine. She kissed me deeply, searching my mouth with her tongue, trying to find mine. The moan she let out was extraordinary in its volume and the sexy siren it created.

Pulling back, Ann smacked her lips, her eyes wider and wilder than I'd ever seen them. She practically growled when she said, "Fuck my ass, baby! I need to feel your big cock deep in my ass!" Ann regained her strength, and got her feet beneath her. She rose up off my cock and turned her back to me. Her perfect ass wiggled in front of me, begging to be touched. I couldn't help but oblige as I reached up and grabbed her cheeks with my hands, spreading them.

Ann cooed and said, "Wider, babe. Spread them wider!" Ann reached into the water and found my hard cock waiting for her attention. Stroking it, she looked back over her shoulder and smiled at me. "Why don't we switch, baby...let me do that."

Who was I to argue? I stood up as Ann grabbed her cheeks and pulled them wider as she backed up toward my cock. The head of my cock wedged between her cheeks, and Ann shoved her body back quickly, making it pop past the tight ring of her anus. In just a few strokes, my cock totally inside her incredibly tight back door. Pulling her to me, I sat back down with her on my lap, buried to my balls in her ass.

Ann was still, at least in the sense that she was just keeping me buried inside her. But she was wiggling all over the place. As I wrapped my arms around her just under her breasts, I couldn't help but wonder why.

"What's gotten into you babe?" I asked.

"You mean besides that big piece of man meat you carry around between you legs?" she said with a laugh.

I chuckled and said, "I suppose that was a poor choice of words, considering."

"Not really...it's a perfect choice of words, actually. I'm just happy...that's all."

"Okay...you're happy. But what's up?"

"Your cock...in my ass," she said with a snicker.

"Ann..."

Ann looked over her shoulder, and she leaned back into my chest. She rested her head on my shoulder as she moved my hands, making me cup her tits. "There...that's better," she said as she put her left hand behind my head, her right dipping below the water. I could feel her moving her fingers, and knew she was playing with her pussy.

"Are you going to keep me in suspense?" I asked.

"Maybe..." she said, drawing it out. I reached up and pinched her nipples, pulling on them and stretching them out as far as I could. Ann screamed out, "OH...GOD YES! Pull my NIPPLES!"

It was like a fire was lit inside her again, and Ann started fucking me hard and fast, rubbing her clit while she rammed over my shaft. I smiled when I realized that there was some direct connection between fucking Ann in the ass, and having it become an aggressive, almost violent fuck. There seemed to be some kind of trigger inside her, where my cock reaming her ass made her want to be manhandled. 

I knew the signs almost instantly. Of course, it helped me read her when Ann slammed down and leaned back again...turning her head, she bit at my ear as her hand gripped my hair harder. I could feel her nails scraping the back of my scalp. It was as if she was saying if I wasn't going to be the aggressor, then she was. And I knew that wasn't what she wanted. That's why she had placed my hands on her tits in the first place.  

I yanked on her nipples again, making her scream out. Catching her off guard, I quickly grabbed her around her waist and stood up, lifting her with me still wedged on my shaft. Ann's feet were dangling, and she let out a happy little shriek as I bent her over the edge of the tub and began pounding her ass hard and deep. Ann's arm was trapped under her leg at her wrist, and I could feel her wiggling her fingers to no avail.

"I...I can't reach..."

I smacked her ass hard, just once. Ann squealed, and tried to move her ass back into me. But she had no leverage. "You can't reach because you're not supposed to...it's my job to make you cum...not yours," I said gruffly and I reached down around Ann's leg with my left hand and flicked her swollen bud with my finger.

Ann shuddered, and she pulled her hand out from under her leg to make herself more comfortable. She followed that up by making herself less comfortable. She put both of her hands behind her, crossing her wrists at her lower back. She looked back over her shoulder with a grimace as my balls slapped against her wet cunt. 

"Take me, Neil. Take my ass and make it yours again!" she begged, holding her arms up a little.

I got her non-verbal message, as well as the one she so eloquently stated. I grabbed her wrists with my right hand, holding them tightly. Ann pretended to strain to get loose, and I pulled her arms upward, forcing her head farther forward and pinning her helpless against the side of the tub. 

I'd started with a tender and loving bath given to my by my lover. A little over an hour later, we'd evolved...or maybe we'd devolved. Regardless, we'd both been transformed, going from that loving moment, to one so primal we were barely recognizable as Ann and Neil. We were fucking like a caveman would take a mate. But the brutal way I was fucking Ann suited her. It was exactly what she wanted, exactly the way she wanted it. 

I WAS taking her ass. And I had no reservations about it. We'd both come to terms with who we both were at that moment. Ann had pushed my buttons in the exact way I needed; to get me to do to her what she needed. 

My finger had been working her clit in rhythm with my strokes into her ass. But I was worried about how long I'd had Ann hanging in the position she'd been in. I started longer, deeper thrusts, going a little slower...but I combined that with moving my fingers faster and faster, rubbing her clit harder as I went.

Ann's legs started to shake, and she screamed out once more. I knew that she knew we weren't alone in the house. Whether she remembered it at that moment it was hard to tell. But there was no stopping her at that point.

"Fuck...yes...PLEASE!" Ann yelled as she came hard again. Harder than her first orgasm, which had made her collapse in my arms. She was panting, and I let go of her wrists long enough to spank her ass one more time. That set Ann off again, and she had to reach up and grab the edges of the tub to get her balance. 

She screamed for me to spank her again, and I did one last time, leaving my handprint on her tanned right buttocks. I slammed my cock deep inside her ass, still hard and still aching, but not yet ready to cum. I wasn't sure why I was holding off, other than I didn't want the morning to end. I knew we had a lot to get done, but I was having too much fun fucking my lover to worry about that at the time.

I stood still, my cock still skewing Ann's ass. Ann was breathing hard, trying to recover from her latest orgasm. I was wondering what she had in mind for us next, since I hadn't cum yet. I figured she'd want to rest for a moment and then let me continue fucking her...but that all changed a second after that thought popped into my head. 

"That was pretty amazing...and fucking HOT," Dana said. She was standing with her back against the open door to the bathroom, pushed up against the wall. Her left leg was bent, her knee pointing towards us as her foot was flat against the surface of the door itself. She was playing with herself, fingering her pussy as she watched us from about fifteen feet away. 

I was amazed that I hadn't seen Dana before, and I wondered how long she'd been standing there. But I shouldn't have been surprised that she was...it wasn't like Ann and I were being discreet. I wondered at that moment if Ann had wanted her to hear. "I'm glad you enjoyed the show," I said, trying to act nonchalant. 

"The shows not over," Ann said as she pushed her body up from being bent over, and moved forward a little. My hard cock popped out of her ass, and Ann quickly turned and knelt in front of me, sinking to her knees in the water. She took my shaft directly into her mouth, making Dana gasp as she swallowed it all the way down her throat in one quick motion.

"You DO know where that's been, don't you?" Dana said, thinking about how my cock had just been buried up Ann's ass, and how Ann had eagerly devoured it.

Ann slipped her mouth off my cock, licking the head as she turned to Dana. "Yeah...but I'm clean." She looked up at me, the excitement growing in her eyes. "I finally mastered giving myself an enema."

"Is that why you were so excited earlier?" I asked, thinking about how she'd acted when I first started fucking her ass, and how she didn't answer my questions...keeping me in suspense.

"Uh-huh," she said as she took the head of my cock back in her mouth. She sucked me for a minute or so, before pulling off and grabbing a bottle of body wash. Squirting it on my cock, she lathered up my entire crotch, jacking me off slowly as she did. That was followed by a quick rinse with a couple pitchers of water. Standing up abruptly, Ann turned off the jets of the Jacuzzi and opened the drain, stepping out and grabbing a towel. 

"So, now the show's over?" I said with a wry smile, wondering why Ann had stopped all of a sudden. I still hadn't cum, and I was at the point that I wished I had, because I really needed to.

"We have a guest, Neil," she said she dried off. "I'm being impolite."

"Impolite?" Dana and I practically said at the same time.

"Yeah...I was accused of hogging all your cum yesterday, baby. I need do be a good host and share."

~*~*~*~*~*~

I was surprised the house was locked. Trudging back to Ann's car, I hit the garage door opener and walked into the house that way. I wondered if Ann and Dana were looking for some privacy, although that really would have surprised me. While they both seemed to enjoy each other, and they had no problems making the other cum, I highly doubted either of them would have evolved so quickly sexually to actually lock the doors and have at each other. 

Then again, if they did feel the urge, I suppose it was safer to lock the doors. I'm sure neither of them would be prepared to handle dealing with the kids running into the house. I looked at my watch, and it was only 3:30PM, so that wasn't going to happen anytime soon. Dana had told us that Chad wouldn't be bringing them home until after he got off work sometime between five and five-thirty.

Entering the house, I saw a note on the kitchen table. I smiled knowing it was from Ann, even from across the room. The lavender stationary was the same she'd been using to send me letters for months. I walked over and picked it up, grinning as I read it. It was a quick note, to the point. Ann and Dana had gone shopping. And it said I was supposed to meet up with them after I'd finished my 'man chores' as she put it. There was no name of where Ann and Dana had headed off to...just an address. It was Ann's way of testing to see if I really did know my way around her town already. I smiled, thinking of it as a challenge. 

The note also said I should hurry, because I might miss the fun. I wasn't really sure how shopping was supposed to be fun, but with Ann involved, I had a thrill go through me as I thought of the possibilities. I folded up the note and stuffed it in the side pocket of my cargo shorts. Heading back down the hallway, I wondered just how many more trips my 'chores' were going to take.

~*~*~*~*~*~

"I can't believe you had that huge thing up your ass," Dana said as she watched Ann playfully patting my cock with the towel as she knelt in front of me. I'd stepped out of the bathtub onto the mat, and Ann had decided to dry me off herself in her own special way.

"Truthfully, it's still so new to me that I have a hard time believing it myself," Ann said with a wistful smile.

"Does it hurt?" Dana asked, her face contorted like she had something big and fat up her own ass.

"Not any more...it actually feels amazing now. But I won't lie and say it didn't at first. It took a lot of...practice," Ann said with a chuckle. "But it was worth it."

"Wow," Dana said, shaking her head, "I'm just not sure I'm ever going to be comfortable with the idea of something stuck in my ass." Ann laughed, and Dana said, "What's so funny?"
