 I really couldn't believe it. But there we were, sitting in the plush lobby of the Holiday Inn, arguing. Okay, it wasn't like a knock down, drag out, free for all. It wasn't even heated. It was more like a debate, of sorts. But that didn't change the fact that we were tucked into a little lounge area near the front desk, deliberating amongst the three of us.

Ann was lobbying in the pro direction. Her points well thought out and stated with a grace and conviction that I found compelling. Tina, on the other hand, was firmly entrenched on the con side. Her rebuttals to Ann's points were quick, and had merit. It was easy to see both sides of the issue. As for my take on the discussion...I was playing Switzerland, trying to do everything I could not to choose a side. All I wanted to do was go upstairs and fuck. 

And that was the crux of why we were sitting there. Ann wanted Tina to join us upstairs, while Tina felt like she'd horned in unannounced on a night that should have been just for Ann and me. Tina felt a little guilty. She'd wanted to meet Ann so much, that she didn't want to wait until later in the week. But her being there at our table when we'd come down from our room to have a late dinner had indeed changed the dynamics of the evening. 

Tina and Ann had bonded in a way that was magical. They were friends. True, they'd become what I suppose could best be described as fast friends. But they were real friends. That was the one thing I was sure of as I watched them talk, and laugh together. Yet this little disagreement was a quick challenge to the strength and integrity of the new friendship that they had created in such a short time. 

Ann was polite, but persistent, trying to convince Tina that it would not only be fun for all of us, Tina deserved it for all she'd done for us over the last week. Tina couldn't get past the feeling of being an intruder on a night that she'd set up to be just for me and Ann. She had in her mind how things would go, and now, that plan was being altered because she didn't have the patience to wait to meet Ann.

I knew Ann. Even though I was still getting to know her...I knew her. She wasn't going to give up until she was convinced that there was no hope. Ann was a fighter of sorts, and while this wasn't some athletic competition where her competitive drive kicked in, she was passionate about how she felt. And that meant she was trying to win over Tina.

I knew Tina too. Through my interactions and adventures with her, I found her to be a free spirit, much like Ann. But she also had a bit of a stubborn streak to her, and when she dug her heels in, which in this case were a pair of pretty black stilettos, she was tough to move. I suppose from a literal standpoint...that would be because of her low center of gravity from her tiny stature. That and she was as strong as a bull. But more figuratively, Tina wasn't budging on some kind of principle, and that proved to be just as frustrating to Ann.

It was the irresistible force, up against the adorable object...and you could take your pick as to which one of them was irresistible and which one was adorable at any give moment. They were both hot, both sensual, both sexy...and they were both starting to drive me nuts.

Ann held Tina's hand as they sat next to each other on a little love seat. Looking into Tina's blue eyes, she tried a different tact. Tina smiled politely, her body shaking a little as she tried to listen without jumping in with a response before Ann had actually said anything. I sat across from them in a leather chair, my head in my hands. My real head...not the one between my legs, although I was still so rock hard from staring at the two of them throughout dinner that I was tempted to just whip out my cock and start jacking off right there, if only to let them both know I was tired of the debate.

Ann stunned me when she turned toward me, the first time either one of them had seemed to include me in any part of the discussion since Ann had first asked Tina, and she'd politely tried to decline.

"Neil...what do you think?"

"W...what?" I stuttered...looking up from the little pattern in the carpet I was staring at on the floor.

"Help me here, baby. You've been awfully quiet about all of this."

"I don't remember being asked before, Ann."

Tina laughed and said, "Well, we are now. So...what is it?"

"So, now YOU'RE asking my position on all of this?"

Tina nodded and said, "Yeah...I'm pretty sure you've got one."

I laughed and said, "My position is cheese."

"Cheese?" Tina said, her brow furrowing. 

"It's that, or watches, or army knives, the Alps, chocolate..."

"What the hell are you talking about, Neil?"

Ann giggled and said, "He's trying to tell you that he doesn't want any part of this, Tina. He's listing everything he can think of that's Swiss...he's staying neutral. Like Switzerland"

"Aw...come on Neil," Tina said, sounding like she was pleading. It was an odd reaction, since she apparently didn't want to join us. It almost sounded like she did...but I could have been misreading her.

I decided that if I was ever going to get to go upstairs, I had better come up with an opinion of my own. I just didn't want to come right out and take one side over the other. I didn't want to piss off Ann, or offend Tina...so I was walking a tightrope before I ever started. But I grabbed my imaginary balancing pole and I stepped out on that high wire anyway.

"My opinion is...this is all backwards."

"Backwards...what do you mean, baby?" Ann said.

"Yeah," Tina chimed in. Both of them were looking at me, and now that they were, I swallowed hard and took that first precarious step.

"Well, it sounds to me like Ann really wants you to join us, Tina. That's pretty obvious. And for whatever reason, you're reluctant. Now, most guys in this situation, they'd have the wife, or in this case, the fiancée dragging her feet about a threesome. And the man would be the one pushing to make it happen, with the third person right there where Tina is, all ready to join in, hoping to be invited. So...you can see understand confusion. It's just the opposite of what we're trained to think at husband school. And even though I haven't graduated that class yet, this seems like it has to be part of the final exam, and so I don't know how to answer."

Ann and Tina started laughing, and Ann said, "I guess it is backwards...but we've been that way since we've been together, Neil. We always do things a little different...and we love that, right?"

"I know...I know...and yes, I do...WE do. But when it comes to something like this, I'm almost compelled to look at it like I would be if we were...normal," I said with a grin.

"Okay...so since you're thinking like a normal person, whatever that is...what do you think?" Tina kidded.

"Well, if I'm going to be normal, then most guys look to solve problems. I think the best way to solve this is to ask you both a question. Ann, I'm going to ask you one first, okay?"

"Sure, baby. What is it?"

"Well, I've heard you give Tina a lot of reasons why she should go upstairs with us...but the one thing I haven't heard is why YOU want her to. So, why DO you want her to join us?" Ann sat back on the couch, her eyes blinking a couple of times while she thought about my question. Then she smiled as she started to tell me. But I stopped her with my hand and said, "Don't tell me, babe...tell Tina." Ann gripped Tina's hand tighter as she looked at her, smiling as their eyes met. 

"Tina, the reason I want to do this is because I've been thinking about it ever since Neil sent me the pictures you two took on your trip."

"The pictures...what about them?" Tina asked.

"There was a picture...of you and Carol...two of them, actually. One was with you eating her, and there was one with her eating you, in the parking lot. And when I saw them...that was the moment when my little forbidden fantasy about being with a woman went nuclear. I used to think about it every once in a while, but when I heard you talk about it, and then I saw the pictures...Tina, I want to do that with you."

"Wait...so what are you saying? I mean, I know what you're saying...but, what are you...saying?"

Ann laughed. And somehow, she actually understood what Tina meant. "I'm saying that ever since I saw those pictures, I've been thinking about what it would be like if I was Carol in those pictures. That became my new fantasy when it came to being with a woman."

"Okay...but we've talked like, a lot. And you've never once said..."

"I said I thought about it Tina...but there's more to our friendship than me wanting this. I didn't want to jeopardize that. I hadn't even met you yet."

"But you could have just talked to me. I would have understood."

Ann laughed and said, "What was I supposed to do, Tina...just call you up on the phone and tell you I've been fantasizing about you? I wouldn't have known how to even start that conversation. Look, all I can say is that every time we talked, we became better friends. And the closer we got as friends, the more I've wanted to do it. And the closer we gotten, the more scared I got, because I don't want to ruin what we have as friends. But the truth is I want both, Tina. I want to be your friend, AND I want to do this. I can't explain why...but that's how I feel. Hell, I've been practicing all week just so I wouldn't be totally inexperienced, just in case I ever got the chance to be with you someday."

"You did that with all those women...because of me?" Tina said with a surprised look on her face.

"I've done a LOT of things because of you, Tina. You practically talked me into letting Neil fuck my ass. And you were right...I'm SO glad I listened to you. I love it when Neil fucks my ass now...it's so amazing! And I never would have had the guts to be with Dana if I hadn't seen those pictures of you. When she and I started that night, I had this image of you in my mind in that picture. And it made me relax...and I really got off on it. After Dana...well, there was Missy, and that felt right because she's really sexual like me...and you. And the rest were part of the adventure you set up for me and Neil. So yeah, it was a little like I was practicing, although I really had a great time with each of them."

"Wow," Tina said, her hand going to her big chest as she patted it like she was at a loss for words.

I smiled at Tina, and said, "Okay...your turn."

"Okay, what would you like to know?"

"When's the last time you were fucked?" I winked.

Tina's mouth dropped open, and then she closed it, starting at the carpet like I'd been doing just moments before. "Uh...it's been over a month," she confessed.

~*~*~*~*~*~

The elevator was dark...at least it was when compared to the brightness of the lights that had been in the hall near the lobby as we'd stood waiting on it. Ann was holding onto me, her head resting on my shoulder as we made the quick trip up to our floor. She had her eyes closed, and she was pulling me to her with her left arm as I had my right arm draped around her shoulder. She wasn't smiling, but she wasn't frowning either. She was just there, by my side, breathing deeply. 

"Thanks for doing that, Neil," Ann said quietly, her eyes still closed.

"Doing what?" I asked as I turned just a little to the right, kissing the top of her head.

"Asking me why I wanted to be with Tina. I think I was afraid to say it."

"Why?"

"I don't think I wanted to admit just how much I'd been thinking about it. I'm so happy with you, and I guess I didn't want you to think that I wanted...OH SHIT!" Ann said, her frustration showing as she tried to tell me how she was feeling. 

"What's wrong, babe?"

"Neil, I just don't want you ever thinking I'm not totally happy with you. Because I am, baby. I am."

"Ann...I know you are. I think you're over thinking again."

"Over thinking?"

"Yeah, you are. I think you need to give me a little more credit than that. I don't think there's anything crazy about you wanting to be with Tina. You told me the day you got the pictures in the mail how much the ones of her and Carol turned you on. And I knew that was more because of Tina...not Carol."

"Yeah, but..."

"Anna...just because you wanted to be with Tina, that doesn't have anything to do with your loving me. I KNOW you love me, now more than ever."

Ann sighed as she opened her eyes to look up at me. "I DO love you, baby. I just needed to make sure you didn't think I was obsessed or anything."

"I don't think you're obsessed. I think you're turned on. Besides, it's not like you said I couldn't have sex with her too."

"You know, I'm standing...right...here," Tina said with a little giggle.

I leaned my head to my left, and kissed Tina on the top of the head like I had Ann. I had to bend a little farther, since she was shorter, but she still let out a sigh. Tina was holding on to my left side like Ann was on my right. "I'm sorry, Tina," I said as I squeezed her tighter around her shoulder.

"Me too," Ann said as she looked around me to her new, official friend. "I just needed to get that out...I don't like keeping those kind of feelings bottled in. I don't think I would be able to let it go and enjoy myself tonight if I didn't think Neil and I were good with this. We are good...right baby?" she asked me.

"Yes babe...we are. But I really think we should be asking Tina that, don't you?"

"I'm fine," Tina said cheerfully. "I still can't believe we're really going to do this...but I'm game if you are."

"Do you want to do it...really?" Ann asked, nervously biting her lip.

"I want to...but I'm still not totally sure I should. This night should be for the two of you. It's your last night together for a while."

Ann offered a reassuring smile and said, "That's sweet, Tina. But Neil and I will still have time alone together tomorrow...your note said we didn't have to check out right away."

"Well...that does make me feel a little better. But what about you, Neil...are you sure about this?"

"Are you kidding? I get to have sex with two women that I love," I said enthusiastically. It came out so fast I never considered the ramifications of using the 'L' word to describe my feelings for not only Ann, but Tina as well. While it wasn't the same level of love, I meant what I said. But that didn't mean that Ann would understand the difference.

Tina pulled away from me, looking first at Ann, and then at me; her jaw wide open as she stared at me with her big, blue, unblinking eyes. "You...love me?"

Ann hugged me tight, but she reached out to Tina, grasping her hand like she had on the couch in the lobby. "Of course Neil loves you Tina. We BOTH do. There's nothing wrong with saying you love a friend, as long as it's a true friend. And we both know you are." 

~*~*~*~*~*~

"How the hell did you do THIS?" I said as I looked at Tina.

Tina shrugged her shoulders and said, "When you came down for dinner, the Maitre D was supposed to let Bobby know at the front desk. He had one of the maids' come in. Of course, it would have been more mysterious if I wasn't here to tell you that."

"It's still pretty special," Ann said as she looked at the room.

Tina had made arrangements for someone to come into the room while we were gone, and get things ready for our night. All of the candles Tina had placed in the room were now lit, creating an incredibly romantic atmosphere. And, they had removed all of the rose petals off of the bedspread, before turning the bed down. Then, they put the petals back on the bed, scattering them all over the gold satin sheets. 

Ann excused herself to go to the bathroom, and Tina and I sat down in the chairs near the table of food. We were making small talk, but I knew she was nervous. She kept playing with the blond strands of her hair, twirling them with her fingers. 

"Are you okay?" I asked.

"Yeah...I just..."

"What? Is something wrong?"

"No...I just don't want to disappoint Ann."

"Disappoint her?"

"Yeah...I haven't been with that many women myself, and that was a long time ago compared to her. AND...she seems to have expectations of what this is going to be like. I just don't..."

"Tina, Ann isn't expecting anything. She just wants to be with you. Relax, okay. This is no different that what we did on our trip."

"Oh yes it is. It's you...and it's Ann. And you're my friends...you just made that very clear," she smiled, albeit nervously. "It's a lot different than being with someone that you'll never see again. I don't even know where to start!"

"You start by coming over here, and letting me take that dress off of you," Ann said. She was standing next to the bed, and she was totally naked. She'd even taken her shoes off, which I liked. Trust me, every man loves it when his woman wears her heels in bed when they have sex...but Ann looked so natural, and so sexy standing there in her bare feet.

Ann held out her hand, kind of motioning for Tina to join her, and Tina got up and slowly walked over to her. "What about Neil?" she said looking back over her shoulder for just a moment.

"I'm fine," I said as I waved my hand, letting them know to go ahead. Something told me that I needed to be patient, and I'd be rewarded for that later. And in truth, even though I was so hard I thought my cock might just petrify in that condition, I was turned on by the idea of watching the two of them for a while.

Tina walked into Ann's open arms, and they hugged for a moment. But Ann wanted to get started, before Tina could change her mind, so she turned Tina so that her back was to the bed, mostly so that I could see the both of them. Then Ann leaned down, and lifted Tina's chin, kissing her softly.

They were short, tender kisses to start...the two of them feeling each other out as they tried to calm their nerves. After a minute or two, Ann's right hand moved up to Tina's head, taking her hair and twisting Tina's neck a little to change the angle. Ann kissed her deep, taking Tina's mouth with her own, and Tina's hands moved to grab Ann's ass, squeezing the bare skin. I was a little surprised that Ann was the aggressive one. Tina had always been a bold lover, and she was being more passive than I remembered, even when she'd been with the women I'd seen her have sex with. But she was letting Ann take control.

Ann pulled away for a second and smiled at the woman in her arms. "I've never kissed someone shorter than me before," she giggled.

"Lucky for you I still have my heels on, or you'd really have to work at it."

Ann stepped back and took the straps of Tina's hot black dress, pulling them over her shoulders. "It won't matter once I get you in bed, lover."

Ann calling Tina her lover stunned us both. I could see Tina's eyes flash, the desire inside her starting to come to the surface. And my cock flinched, straining against the material of my pants. I sat there, my legs crossed as I enjoyed some more champagne, watching Ann slowly strip off Tina's outfit. 

As Tina's massive tits bounced into view, Ann got down on her knees, stopping to flick each of those wonderful nipples with her tongue as she passed by them. Tina had to wiggle her hips a little for Ann to be able to peel the dress the rest of the way off of her, but in moments, Tina was standing in front of a kneeling Ann in just her heels and a black lacy thong.

"I'm surprised you're wearing that," I said from the cheap seats.

Tina looked at me for the briefest of moments and said, "If I had known I was going to be having sex tonight I would have left them at home."

Ann's hands went to Tina's hips, her fingers pulling at the thin elastic holding up the tiny underwear. "Mmm...I'm glad you wore them. It's like unwrapping a pretty little present."

Ann pulled them down, going slow and deliberate, her eyes widening as Tina's bare pussy came into view. Tina stepped out of them, and in the process, she spread her legs a little. Ann took advantage of that by running her hand back up the inside of Tina's right thigh, until she cupped her mound, feeling Tina's wetness.
