 At one time or another, just about everyone's heard a joke that starts; "A man walks into a bar...". Well, the bar in question was my local drinking hole, but it was certainly no man that walked in!

She was beautiful; of course. She was sexy; certainly. She turned all heads in the bar; absolutely. She was married and waiting for her husband; almost without a doubt!

She had the same effect on my little group of friends as she did on the rest of the bar patrons; I watched her with a smile, Nick watched her with a growing excitement and Joe watched her with a look of undeniable lust! The tight patterned dress clung to her lean frame and the knee length white plastic boots partially obscured flesh coloured stockings. She had short, dark hair and her sultry features looked slightly Latin in their familiarity.

After a few moments, the rest of the bar returned to their drinks and conversation as the woman settled herself up onto a high bar stool and ordered a drink. Joe and Nick hardly seemed able to take their eyes off her as she crossed her long legs and sipped casually at the tall drink. We all watched her as her eyes flitted around the room taking in the gloomy surroundings. At first she seemed to be looking for somebody, but then as her gaze settled on our table and she smiled seductively in our direction.

"I got to say something to her" whispered Joe, the most forward of our trio. "Look, she's smiling at us!"

Joe wasted no time and rose to approach the bar. His manner was easy and comfortable as he chatted to the woman just out of our earshot.

"What do you think he's saying?" Nick said to me in an excited whisper.

I smiled back at my friend. "Who knows! But Joe can talk just about anyone into doing just about anything!"

Nick and I lapsed back into an eerie silence while we tried not to stare too avidly at our third friend and the sexy brunette. Joe was in full flow; talking freely and gazing into the deep brown eyes of the woman. His hand was on the bar, a mere fraction from her arm, and I saw her react like a bolt of electricity had passed through her when his fingers made brief contact with her hand. Joe sensed her reaction also, and obviously took it as a good sign. He chatted on with a smile and a laugh and it only took another few minutes of gentle persuasion before another chair was pulled up at our table and we were joined by the vision of beauty. I could smell a familiar scent of perfume as she settled across from me and I smiled a welcome at her.

Anna introduced herself to us all with a grin. Now she was so close I could see that her dress was really tight and clung to her body like paint. It was difficult to keep my eyes from wandering to her firm breasts as they swelled underneath the stretched fabric, and as she extended her long legs out under the table I could hear the plastic of her boots squeak.

Again, Joe led the conversation, continuing where he had left off at the bar. He asked Anna lots of questions - some quite personal - but she answered them all with an easy manner and a sexy smile.

"So, are you married then, Anna?" Joe suddenly asked.

The woman's lips curled into a wicked grin. She nodded silently.

"Does your husband know you dress like that and go into bars by yourself?"

"Dress like what?" Anna answered with mock innocence.

"Come on, Anna! You know what I mean! The tight dress; the white boots. You're dressed for sex! Tell me if I'm wrong!"

Again, Anna looked down demurely and glanced up at as all through long eye lashes. Her eyes smouldered; baking us with their incessent heat.

"You're not wrong, Joe." she replied quietly. "And, yes, my husband does know. It's what he wants!"

That seemed like enough for Joe, and Nick was certainly getting more than a little excited. Joe's suggestion to go on to a club was quickly accepted by Anna and all four of us finished our drinks and headed out into the warm evening air.

As we all rounded the rear of the bar, Anna was walking in front of us. Her ass swayed seductively under the short skirt of her dress and I could feel a pressing erection deep in my pants.

"Hey, Anna?" Joe called out. In a second the woman had stopped and turned to face us. "How about showing us a little sample of what's under that dress?"

"I thought you'd never ask!" She replied with a sexy smile, "you know, I've been told my tits are nice, would you like to see them?"

I had to assume that it was a rhetorical question - there didn't seem much need to answer! 

Slowly, Anna peeled down the top of her dress as we all stood in front of her and watched in slack-jawed fasination. Two perfectly proportioned tanned orbs fell into view and Anna gently massaged them with her fingers.

"Ok, that's enough!" she suddenly said, pulling the top back up with a devilsh grin.

"I hope you're not just some little tease?" cried Joe. The disappointment in his voice was obvious.

Anna walked slowly over towards him, her eyes never leaving his face.

"You think I'm a tease, do you? Let me show you how I can tease!"

As she neared Joe, Anna quickly dropped to her knees in front of him and pulled down his running shorts. Nick and I continued to gape as she pulled out his thick, erect cock and slowy licked the tip.

Joe groaned and spread his legs open a little further giving Anna better access to his cock and balls. She took advantage immediately and Nick and I heard our friend gasp out loud as the sexy brunette opened her mouth and sucked his balls deep inside, rolling her tongue lovingly over the sensitive flesh.

"Damn, but she knows how to give head!" Joe gasped. "You guys want to get a little of this?"

Immediately, Nick began to shimmy down his own shorts and make a bee-line for the couple. I stayed put.

"I'm a happily married man!" I said

"So what?" replied Joe, "you going to miss out on some of this?"

I smiled. "Maybe later!"

Nick and I looked on while Anna continued to fellate our friend, Joe. Nick worked the head of his exposed cock in his hand, timing his pulls with Anna everytime her head bobbed downwards and took Joe's cock deeper into her mouth.

"Shit she looks hot," he gasped as he masturbated, "let's see those tits again, baby!"

Without stopping for a second, Anna quickly pulled the straps of her top down again and bared her glorious breasts once more. Her hands cupped the heavy globes as she continued to suck and lick feverishly on Joe's cock.

Finally she came up for air. She held her tits tight in her hands. Massaging the swelling nipples she gazed upwards deep into Joe's eyes.

"You like to fuck these, baby?" she cooed, "you want to fuck my hot titties?"

Again, I can only assume that the question was rhetorical! With a broad smile on his face, Joe leaned forward and guided his wet, throbbing tool towards the woman's ample chest. Her hands caught his manhood easily and, rubbing his shaft lovingly a few times, she seperated her breasts and placed his rigid member into her deep cleavage.

Joe gasped out loudly as her fingers wrapped her tit-flesh around his organ and he humped forward once or twice.

"Jeez, this is hot, guys!" Joe cried as he fucked his rigid tool deep into Anna's cleavage, "soft titties around my tool! What more could a man ask for!"

"I know what I'm asking for!" said Nick suddenly as he approached Anna, "soft lips around my tool! Here, honey, suck on this!"

And with one movement, Anna had her mouth full of Nick's cock while Joe continued to fuck her heaving breasts. As they both had their cocks worked so delightfully, I looked on as both men grasped the hem of the woman's dress and hauled it upwards.

"Damn!" cried Nick as he shoved his hand between her legs, "No panties! You really did come looking for this didn't you, bitch!!

Anna, with her mouth still full of Nick's cock was in no position to comment. Her words simply came out as a muffled groan as Nick roughly pushed two fingers between her now exposed sex lips.

Leaving her continuing to massage her own breasts, Joe pulled his cock from Anna's cleavage and presented it to her face. Now with two hard and throbbing cocks being rammed towards her mouth, Anna took turns in sucking my two friends off. Joe showed almost unbelievable restraint but the less experienced Nick had already started to moan deeply in his throat.

"Oh shit! I think I'm gonna cum, man!" he cried as he stuffed his cock deep into Anna's throat.

Sensing his impending climax, Anna conentrated her attention on Nick's solid organ. Whilst her hand kept Joe's interest at a peak, she slid my other friends cock right to the back of her throat. I could see the outline of his swollen glans as it passed into her windpipe and from the lustful sexpression on Nick's face, I could see that he was about to blow his load.

I was right. With a gasp of satisfaction my young friend rammed his tool as deep as he could and howled at the moon! Anna tried as best she could, gulping and swallowing as much of his thick sperm as she could but, inevitably, the overflow quickly began to ooze from the corners of her mouth and drip obscenely down over her chin to spatter onto her abused breasts. 

With a groan, Nick finally pulled his cock free of the woman's mouth and throat. He still looked semi-hard as his shaft appeared inch by inch from between her lips and Anna gasped in a huge lungful of air as he eventually flopped free of her oral orifice. 

Anna's legs were still well spread and Nick's fingers were still buried in her wide open cunt. These digits were quickly joined by Joe's lips as he lay the sexy woman out on the grimy concrete ground and pushed his head between her legs.

"Oh God, yes!!" Anna cried as she raised her hips to allow Joe's tongue better access. "Suck my cunt! Lick me! Fuck me with your tongue!"

Joe did just that as Nick lowered his aim and started to use his fingers at her rear entrance. Anna went wild as she felt the digits spear her ass and bucked her hips up onto Joe's face so hard he was having trouble keeping his lips attached to her visibly stiff clitoris. A couple more minutes of this simultaneous front and rear assault was sufficient to put the lovely Anna over the edge and she suddenly began to shake uncontrollably.

"Look man!" cried Nick as he thrust two fingers deep into her butt. "She's cumming. The bitch is cumming really hard!"

Joe moaned into Anna's juicy pussy as his face flooded with her juice.

"She tastes really fucking good too, he said as he finally came up for air. "And she sure likes to get something shoved in her ass! I think it's time she got fucked and fucked good!"

"Oh yes!" Anna blurted out as she was literally dragged to her feet. "Fuck me good baby! Fuck me right up my tight little asshole!

"My pleasure, baby!" said Joe as he ripped open a condom packet and quickly rolled the contents over his solid cock. He indicated an electricity pole that was close. "I'm gonna fuck you right up against that post!"

Anna didn't protest for a moment as she was dragged bodily by Joe towards the pole. Her hands braced herself as she faced it and she spread her long, sexy legs.

"Suck on your own tit as I ram you ass, baby!" Joe cried in a gutteral voice. He seemed excited beyond words and nothing was going to get in the way of him butt-fucking this beautiful woman.

Again, Anna obeyed his instruction without the slightest complaint or sign of inhibition. Right out there in the alley behind the bar she pulled her own breast to her lips and began greedily sucking the swollen nipple.

Joe spat on his hand and smiled as he looked at Anna's exposed butt. Her dress was right up around her waist and stained with the grime and dirt from the ground. We could all see now that her stockings were really hose, but the type that left her whole ass and pussy exposed. They looked so familier to me and my straining cock leapt in my pants.

Joe lubed his condom covered dick with his hand and leaned forward, pressing the tip against Anna's impossibly tight rear entrance. She groaned around her thick nipple as she felt the initial penetration, the groan turning into a high pitched wail of painful lust as Joe pushed harder. And then suddenly, with an audible pop, he was passed her anal muscle and inside her. I watched as her tight, star-shaped hole relaxed and widened to accommodate her assialant's size. Both of them were groaning deeply now and I was aware of Nick out of the corner of my eye as he masturbated his long cock back to full attention.

For several more minutes, Joe ass-fucked Anna up against the electricity pole while I watched and Nick jerked his dick. I counted at least two orgasms for Anna, and as she clenched her muscles from the second climax, I could see the tale-tale look of impending release on Joe's face.

"Why don't you both shoot on her face?" I said suddenly, breaking my previous silence. "That would look so fucking cool!"

Joe and Nick smiled to each other obviously impressed with my suggestion and pulled Anna back into a squatting position between them.

"You sure you don't want some of this?" Said Joe, obvioulsy confused at my restraint. 

I shook my head again and smiled. I knew that my time would come soon enough.

Joe and Nick shrugged as they looked down at Anna. Her mouth was open in a willing display of lust. She looked ready and waiting to accept their gifts.

Both men started jerking their cocks furiously. It was obvious that Joe would be the first to cum as Nick had already shot one load into Anna's mouth earlier, but they were still very close. Joe groaned deeply as his hand flew up and down his slick shaft and Anna's face seemed to illuminate as the cum started to fly from his tip. Her tongue lashed lovingly over his twitching cock head and her face accepted his full blast just as Nick shot his load from her other side.

In a matter of a few seconds both men had covered Anna with thick, creamy seed. Her face was coated and her hair matted with the viscous liquid, but she seemed one happy lady.

As my two friends stepped away, Anna and I smiled at each other. She and I both knew what was coming - we had played this game many times before. Joe and Nick looked at me as I unzipped my fly and hauled out my very hard cock, the confusion evident on both their faces.

"What's the matter, guys?" I asked matter-of-factly, "You never seen a guy fuck his own wife before?"

My wife, Anna and I smiled at each other as I pushed my cock between her cum stained lips. I sighed deeply as I felt for myself the warm confines of her mouth and throat as they enveloped the head of my cock.

Nothing better, I thought to my self, nothing better that sticking your cock into your wife's mouth. Especially when it's full of your friends' cum!