 Julie and I had worked together for a few years in a consultancy company; in fact, I was her boss. I was really impressed with her dedication to her work, her commitment to providing high quality work to her clients, and her willingness to learn. I thought she was a real star. She was relatively young for the company, and I felt that she needed to be nurtured and allowed to develop before giving her too much responsibility. 

Julie is short, skinny, with shoulder-length curly hair. I would be lying if I said I didn't find her attractive but I was pretty professional in my dealings with her, I think. Besides, I'm married to Anna, who more than keeps me satisfied, interested, intrigued. But that didn't stop me imagining being with Julie. I remember one day at work when she had come to me with a problem. It was summer, and she was wearing a short top that showed the top of her small breasts and she leaned into me in the open plan office trying to hear what I was saying. Was I speaking deliberately quietly? Was she deliberately flirting with me? I'll never know.

I left the company a couple of years after Julie started to set up my own business, and I continued to meet up with Julie to hear how things were going with the old company, and to encourage her to leave and set up on her own as well. Professionally, I was interested in the possibility of working with her with the clients I was supporting. Personally, it was always as pleasure to meet up, see her laugh and hear her bitching about work. I enjoyed her passion, her irreverence and her spirit.

What shifted our relationship, I think, was music. I play guitar; Julie plays violin. I invited her and her boyfriend to come over one Sunday evening for dinner with Anna and me, and to play some music. We played some classical music and also some folk music. For the first time, I felt a real connection. There's something incredible about making music that binds people, I think. And I felt a really strong connection. 

Anna had teased me about my relationship with Julie. We have a pretty open relationship and have seen other people since we've been together. But our love has deepened over time and, while we continue to see others, we are completely committed to each other. I had always maintained that my relationship with Julie was entirely professional, but I think Anna saw before me that there was a spark. We joked about this between ourselves but I didn't see anything happening given that Julie was entirely professional herself – and she was seeing her man David.

That all changed in October last year. We invited Julie and David for another evening of music and food and wine. And they confirmed they would come. But on the evening, only Julie arrived, saying that she and David had had an argument the evening before. She seemed upset. Anna comforted her as I worked on the risotto. When I joined them with the food, I heard that he had said he didn't see a future with her. We ate and drank wine and consoled Julie as she talked of her frustrations with men. Being a man myself, and being aware of our limitations, I slipped away and cleared up the dishes while Anna continued to listen to Julie.

When I returned, I suggested we play some music – trying to shift the mood. Julie immediately agreed and Anna went away to put the dessert together as Julie got out her fiddle and I tuned up me guitar. We played some lovely music: some tunes energetic and feisty; others slower and heartfelt. It felt like we were really connecting again over the music. 

After our last tune, we stopped and looked into each other's eyes. I went over and gave her a big hug, the guitar and violin providing a suitable barrier to a full-on hug. She looked a little flushed and stopped to take another drink and sank onto the sofa. I joined her, once I'd taken the guitar off, and hugged her again. She nestled into my shoulder and thanked me for cheering her up. I held her head as we hugged and felt embarrassed to find myself getting hard being so intimate with Julie, after all these years. But she seemed comfortable to hold me so that's what I did.

And that's where Anna found us. Rather than protesting, she just said 'aww' and joined us, on the other side of Sarah, and hugged her too. Julie laughed and we sat down to apple crumble. 

Once we'd finished dessert we cracked open the whiskey, figuring that such an evening deserved something a bit special. I had a nice bottle of single malt whiskey that I opened and we turned down the lights and got a bit mellow. Julie apologised for being so preoccupied with her issues with David. Anna and I tried hard to convince her that it really wasn't a big deal: we'd enjoyed her company and had a good evening of music, food and wine with her. 

As we were chatting and reflecting on the evening, I realised Julie's hand had rested on my thigh. I looked over at Anna on the other sofa and saw her raise her eyebrows at me. I raised mine back and she smiled. God, I love Anna! I put my hand over Julie's and took it in mine. As I remember, Julie was talking about how friendship was more important than boyfriends. At this point, I realised I was a little tipsy myself, as I snuggled into Julie.

I nudged down in the sofa a little and, as I did, I put my hand on Julie's belly. She turned her head up to look at me, questioningly, then smiled and closed her eyes. I took that as encouragement and started gently massaging her flat tummy. At some point my hand found its way underneath the fabric of Julie's shirt and I felt a mini-spark as my hand touched Julie's soft flesh. She gave an audible intake of breath. Meanwhile, Anna just watched us, a faint smile on her lips.

I moved my hand up from her belly towards the fabric of her bra, then down to just under the waistband of her jeans. Meanwhile, Anna moved over to sit next to Julie and began to stroke her hair. Julie opened her eyes, looked at Anna then over to me, smiled and shut her eyes again. I couldn't believe we were in this situation: soft music playing, buzzing slightly from the drinks, and caressing a beautiful friend. We were silent, other than the occasional sigh, watching for clues in case we were crossing an unwanted line.

I pushed my hand further below the waistband of Julie's jeans until I felt a tuft of hair. I left my hand there as I turned to kiss Julie on the cheek, just as Anna did the same on the other side. "OK?" Anna asked. "Mm hmm," Julie replied, smiling again. She looked so beautifully contented.

Anna turned Julie's face towards her and they kissed: pecks, at first, then Anna opened her mouth to accept Julie's tongue. They played together while I stroked Julie's pubic hair. When they paused, I released my hand from Julie's jeans then slowly unbuttoned them: one button at a time. I was now able to press my hand further down, into Julie's panties. I cupped her mound and felt its heat. Meanwhile, Anna began to unbutton Julie's shirt: one button at a time. Julie's breathing was getting quite heavy at this point. I watched as Julie's bra revealed itself: a simple, black bra with no frills. Once the shirt was open, Anna stroked Julie's chest, between her breasts down to her belly. On the way back up, she gently brushed Julie's breasts. 

I moved my middle finger gently up and down Julie's vagina until I felt her opening: warm, wet and welcoming. I opened her lips with my finger as I explored her. And then gently pushed my finger inside her. Another gasp.

Anna was now pressing against Julie's breasts, squeezing them gently. She slowly pushed her hand under Julie's bra until she held her right breast in her hand. She found Julie's nipple and began to tease it between her fingers. Anna was also looking flushed. It was beautiful to watch her caress another woman, so gently, so attentively. 

I quickly removed my hand, hopped off the sofa and kneeled between Julie's legs. I placed my hands on the sides of Julie's chest, under her armpits. And moved them down her sides, and then over her belly. Anna had edged Julie's bra straps over her shoulders and released her right breast. As I massaged Julie, I took in the delicious sight of her small breast. Anna unfastened Julie's bra and let it fall open, revealing both breasts. I mentally pinched myself a second time. 

As Anna began to kiss Julie's chest, moving inevitably towards her breasts, I tugged her jeans slowly. Julie raised her hips as I pulled them down over her ankles. I kissed her belly while I stroked the outside of her thighs. I then licked the inside of her thighs: from her knees up towards her sex. 

Everything all of a sudden sped up. My tongue found its way to Julie's panties and I put my mouth over her mound. I heard a faint cry from Julie and looked up to see Anna with a nipple between her teeth and Julie looking to be in ecstasy. I quickly pulled her panties down her legs to the floor, opened her legs and put my hands underneath her bum. I pulled her towards me and licked from her bum hole to her clit. Another cry. My tongue began playing with her clit. Making small circles, listening to her to learn if I was hitting her right spots. 

Quite soon, Julie's breath quickened and she sounded like she was panting. I fucked her with my tongue a little before returning to her clit. Eventually, Julie came, with some volume. I slowed down and then, when she moved to close her legs, I moved back onto my heels. I saw Julie completely naked for the first time, looking very flushed, with red marks on her breasts where Anna had been doing her work. Her eyes were still shut and she was breathing very heavily. I looked at Anna and we smiled.