 If you want to know how we got to where we are, look up Anna Chapter 1! 

*

Julie, Anna and I sat for a moment in silence, contemplating what had just happened. Anna held Julie and I sat on the floor watching two beautiful women together. "OK?" I asked. They both nodded. I'm not sure if I felt uncomfortable with what we had done, or unable to express myself, but I felt the need to leave them together. And I fancied a cigarette. So I left the two of them on the sofa and headed outside to our deck for some fresh air. 

I stood in the chill quiet of a London evening and reflected on the last couple of hours. I had anticipated a connection through friendship and music; what I'd experienced was a much deeper connection: one that I enjoyed immensely. But I felt uncertain what would happen next.

When I finished, I picked out a new bottle of wine and some clean glasses and headed back to the living room to see what was happening. 

Anna and Julie were still half-lying on the sofa, arms around each other, chatting and laughing when I opened the door. Julie had put her shirt and knickers back on.

They stopped and looked up at me, while I held the wine and glasses and an impish look in my eye. They both burst out laughing, which was a little disconcerting. Anna saw the look in my eye and said, "it's ok sweetie, we're pleased to see you -- and another glass of wine would be lovely." 

So I joined them on the sofa, opened the wine and Julie toasted the evening: "here's to friendship!" 

"Cheers to that," I enthused, while Anna just continued smiling and leaned over to kiss Julie again. Julie turned back to me and kissed me too. To complete the picture, I leaned over Julie to kiss Anna. We all giggled a little and took a drink. 

"How would you like to stay over tonight?" Anna asked Julie. We both looked at Julie. 

"Do you have a spare room?" asked Julie, with a clear glint in her eye.

"We do," I replied, "we also have quite a large bed if you're interested in snuggling in with us.

"That would be interesting," said Julie, in a slightly non-committal way. 

"Well, you're very welcome to stay over, as it's quite late... and you'd be very welcome too," I stumbled. 

"OK," Julie replied, "I'll be happy to stay."

Anna took the pause in the conversation as an opportunity to go and freshen up. Leaving Julie and me to find a way to fill the slight awkwardness.

"I hope you're ok with what happened this evening..." I started.

"Oh shut up, it was lovely." Julie countered. She then shut me up good and well when she turned to me and took my face in her hands and kissed me, deeply. I felt her tongue play with mine as we silently felt the electricity between us. I felt her hand reach under my shirt and find my belly, just as I had found hers earlier in the evening. She stroked me as we continued to kiss, running her hands through my belly hair up to my chest. It felt amazing. So different to have new hands on me. 

All of a sudden I felt Julie's hand push its way under the waistband of my jeans. I sighed as I felt her take my semi-erect penis in her hand and squeeze. I kissed her even more deeply. I found myself biting her tongue as we kissed and Julie squealed and removed herself from my mouth, before plunging back in and grasping my cock more forcefully. 

I was becoming very hard as Julie kissed and touched me. I had been very aroused earlier in the evening when I licked Julie. I was now ready for her touch. Julie took her hand out of my trousers and ran it up and down my chest then began to undo the buttons on my jeans. She then got off the sofa, put herself between my legs and tugged on my jeans and pants and pulled them down over my thighs. 

I was sitting on the sofa, exposed in front of Julie, aware that I had been her work colleague only months ago and had fantasised about something close to this on several occasions. It was all a bit much for my head to carry. So I just shut my eyes and let her continue with her plan.

I felt Julie's breath on my belly and a kiss. And her nose, her face, nestling into my stomach. As her hand gently took my balls and played with them in her hand. I then felt her cheek brush against my penis and I opened my eyes to watch her, eyes closed herself, mouth open slightly, tease my cock with her cheek almost as if she was swaying to music. It was a beautiful sight.

It was at this point that Anna returned. I certainly didn't expect Anna to disapprove but I was a little uncertain what her reaction would be. I'm not sure I expected her to giggle. Especially as I was feeling erotic, seductive, loving... But giggle she did. And so did Julie. And, eventually, so did I. I sat there, erect penis exposed, with Anna, the love of my life, and Julie, a former co-worker, looking on and giggling. How could I not join in?

All of a sudden, Anna kneeled down next to Julie and took my cock in her mouth. I'm not sure of the sound I emitted but it was one of surprise and desire. Julie looked on as Anna slowly took me in her mouth and ran her tongue up the underside of my cock. She then played with her tongue on my head. 

And then she passed me to Julie. Who imitated Anna. Except her mouth was different. As was her hair and her eyes as she looked up at me with my cock in her mouth and her teeth around my head. I'm not sure I can describe to you how I felt at that moment. We had got here so quickly, it felt, and I was in heaven. 

Anna smiled at me. She seemed turned on seeing me being taken by another woman. Seeing Anna looking that way turned me on too. Julie went down on me deeper and I gave myself up to her willingly. I felt Anna's hand on my balls, slowly caressing me as Julie took me deeper in her mouth. I started making involuntary noises that indicated I was close to cumming. Julie slowed down and let me out of her mouth with a quiet 'pop'.

Anna looked at Julie. Julie looked back at Anna. Anna nodded. I think I thought I knew what was about to happen. And I was right. Anna lifted shirt, exposing her neatly trimmed bush, and stood astride my legs, lowering herself slowly onto my cock. She took me in her hand and guided me into her entrance. 

I looked over at Anna and she looked delighted. We had talked at some length about this moment, with a number of potential candidates playing the role Julie was playing right now. It seemed slightly unreal and at the same time so much better than all of those conversations.

Anna leaned over and unbuttoned Julie's shirt, revealing her black lacy bra. Julie pressed herself deeper into me and shut her eyes. Anna reached into Julie's bra and emerged with a beautiful, small breast. Her fingers nibbled Julie's nipple, at which Julie took a deep intake of breath and bit her lip. She was slowly moving against me and I was feeling more relaxed and enjoying every minute.

Anna took Julie's response as an invitation to go further, so she moved so she was behind Julie, unhooked her bra and took both breasts in her hands. Julie was moaning lightly until Anna roughly squeezed both breasts. Julie squealed and opened her eyes, almost as if she didn't know where she was. She then smiled and closed them again. 

I raised my eyebrows at Anna to indicate that her approach was welcome. So Anna covered Julie's breasts with one arm, as her other hand reached down to find her clit. 

Julie wasn't moving much but I was getting increasingly aroused as I watched Anna play with Julie. Julie, meanwhile, was beginning to emit a low, panting sound and began to move more up and down my shaft. Anna continued to work on Julie's clit, and her other hand grabbed her left breast and squeezed it firmly. Julie began to talk. "Oh yes... that's it... oh god... FUCK ME!" So I started pumping. 

It seemed to work. Julie started to scream. And I started to talk too. "Oh my god... you're beautiful... fuck me, Julie..." I looked up to see Anna's wide smile. She was loving watching her partner fuck his friend, while she participated. This was lovely. 

And I was very close: "Oh yes... that's good..." 

As was Julie: "Oh yeah... oh god..."

I started cumming and let out the lowest sound I think I've ever emitted. Julie's pants were getting higher and higher as on the third thrust of my orgasm, Julie came too, bucking and panting and dribbling on my stomach. 

"Oh god..."

"Fuck..."

Anna burst out laughing as Julie and I collapsed on each other. I found Julie's mouth and kissed her deeply as she moaned, much more deeply now. 

Anna leaned back on her heels and smiled the most beautiful smile I've seen.