 Anna started to sense a mood of expectancy in the bar and realised that all conversation had stopped and it felt like all eyes were on her. She was still facing away from the crowd as she had been whilst watching Joyce's video. 

The master spoke. "Anna, turn round and face your audience." 

She hesitated a little but then slowly turned to face them. She was suddenly very aware of her rudely displayed breasts and the crotchless panties. She then felt even more aware when the master continued, "gentlemen and ladies, this is Anna who, she says, is keen to try almost anything!"

The crowd cheered and Anna watched as some of the men idly toyed with their cocks, some half erect others fully as they openly gazed and leered at her partly exposed body. 

The master then reached for Anna breasts and gave them a shake. "What do you think of her tits guys? She listened as a torrent of shouts greeted her ears. Shouts like "I bet they swing well when she's fucked doggy style." And "I'm looking forward to seeing those big tits covered in spunk."

Someone else shouted, "how about some nipple clamps master?"

"Yes," shouted another, "clamp them!" This broke into a chant with all the men chanting "clamp them, clamp them!"

Anna was relieved for the moment when the master seemed to ignore the chants and called for silence.

He then said to Anna, "turn around Anna and let them all see your magnificent arse!"

Anna felt a bit self-conscious of her bottom, like nearly all women she thought it was too big.

She slowly turned around, feeling the eyes of the lusty men all focussing on her bottom. Anna tensed as the master suddenly gripped one of her buttocks in his hand and gave it a powerful squeeze, followed by a playful slap. As he slapped it she could feel her buttocks wobble and the men loved it.

"Lovely arse Anna; it's screaming out for a good spanking!"

She also heard one of the younger men she had passed when she first entered the bar say, "can't wait to give that a really good fucking, preferably in her arsehole!"

"OK Anna," interrupted the master, before we carry on you must pass a few tests and also be fully prepared." Before Anna could think he was shouting out, "Jenny, Li, bring the clamps and the plugs!"

He then turned to Anna and said, "while we are waiting for Jenny and Jasmine and while you still have your back to your audience I want you to bend over and try to touch your toes." Anna looked at him almost in horror as if to say, but they will all see my arse and pussy."

"If you hesitate once more I will punish you," he said harshly.

Anna could still not find the courage to do as he asked. She just stood there wondering what would happen next. She didn't have to wait long!

The master swiftly moved a high bar stool in front of Anna. He then asked for some help to tie her legs to the legs of the stool. Anna protested, "no, no, don't tie me, I'll do as you ask."

"OK then Anna, one last chance, bend over."

Knowing that all the men and women were watching Anna started to slowly bend forward. As she bent lower and lower the master shouted, "touch your toes." I can't," she replied. "Then move your feet apart until you can," he replied. Anna continued to bend forward and move her feet apart. She could feel the opening in the crotchless panties moving wider, knowing that she would soon be fully exposed sent a shiver of wild excitement through her body. 

Although the room was warm she felt herself blush as she felt the air of the room on her exposed anus and pussy remind her that the panties had no crotch. At last she was able to touch her toes. She made to stand up but the master quickly stopped her. 

"Let's see what we have here," she heard him say as he walked round to look at what she was displaying.

She felt his hand move between her open thighs and then roughly hold her exposed pussy. He gripped the flesh of it, squeezing and feeling it crudely as though he was kneading some dough. Making comments out loud like, "Anna has a very meaty cunt gentlemen, maybe we should get Jenny to try her fist for size later!" as the men roared their approval Anna felt the master move his hand and then slip a finger between her moist pussy lips. 

"Gentlemen, you will also be pleased to know that Anna's cunt is hot and wet and obviously enjoying all this attention!"

Anna felt humiliated but hugely turned on as he continued to crudely finger her. She heard Jenny and Jasmine return and heard the master say to them; "girls lets get Anna prepared for the anal plug, you both know what to do!" Although Anna knew that she had volunteered for this she had somehow not expected to have a plug fitted in her anus in such a public manner. She started to protest but felt the master pull sharply on her lead and knew it would be futile.

So, still bent over, with all the bar audience watching Anna felt Jenny and Jasmine pull her buttocks rudely apart. There were whoops of delight from the crowd as Anna arse was fully displayed to them.

She tensed as she felt something small but hard being inserted into her. She realised quickly it was the applicator for the KY. As soon as it was fully inside she felt the cold jelly being squeezed into her rectum. She had to admit to herself that the feeling was not unpleasant, in fact it felt very erotic and sensual. She was almost disappointed when she felt the applicator slide from her anus and suddenly tensed when she felt the masters finger touch her most intimate spot. She felt him move his finger in small delicate circles around her tightest hole. Some of the crowd were starting to chant, "in, in, in!"

Anna felt the circular motion stop and the tip of his finger pause directly on her tight entrance. She felt him gently push and could feel her sphincter trying to close and repel this invader. She could feel a constant pressure against her opening. Then, much to her surprise, she felt herself relax a little and his finger suddenly slip into her arse. 

There was loud applause as they all saw his finger disappear into her. She listened as he said, "Anna has a wonderfully tight arsehole guys, it should feel like fucking a virgin!" 

With his finger still firmly in her arse Anna heard him say to Jenny, "which plug do you think will be good."

Anna panicked a little when she heard Jenny say, "medium I think and then later maybe we'll try the large one!"

Anna was desperately trying to see how big this medium size plug was. The master knew she would be curious and delighted in leaning down with the plug in his hand to show her. She looked at it. It looked huge! Actually, she realised, she had only ever seen these on web sites like Annsummers, and had never seen one for real. The shape intrigued her. It was like a bullet, swelling out to what she thought was an impossibly large diameter before rapidly tapering back down again and with a large flange on the end to stop it getting lost inside!

The master stood up again and instructed Jenny to lubricate the plug. Anna waited in nervous anticipation with the master's finger still deep in her arse. The master then slid his finger back out of her arse giving Anna a weird but horny sensation as her sphincter responded in a series of gripping spasms, as if trying to both expel and retain the master's finger all at the same time.

Almost as soon as his finger was withdrawn Anna tensed involuntarily as she felt the tip of the plug pushing against her anus. She heard Jenny say, Anna, just try to relax, push back onto the plug." Anna could feel the pressure increasing as Jenny started to push the plug into her arse. It felt impossibly large but Anna was determined to try and not fail in front of this audience. She concentrated hard, willing her self to relax and allow this invasion of her arse. Jenny was very patient and spent a long time just gently pushing a little of the tapered plug in and out in a small fucking motion. Whenever she felt Anna relax her grip, she pushed a tiny bit further. Jenny watched as Anna's anus slowly started to accept the plug; slowly stretching as she continued the gentle but continuous inward pressure. 

Anna could not see the master, who was watching intently as her arse was being stretched and even if she could have seen him she would not have realised the significance of the small nod he gave to Jenny. As the master nodded, Jenny suddenly pushed the plug completely up Anna's arse. Anna screamed with shock and pain but then quickly forced her mind to relax. She realised that the sudden pain was caused by the largest part of the plug stretching her sphincter. This large part was now inside her and her sphincter had closed back onto the smaller part again. 

The master spoke next saying, "Anna, you may now stand up."

As she stood the audience applauded. Anna felt the plug still stretching her insides but was surprised to realise that it was not particularly uncomfortable. Anna realised that being humiliated and displayed to all of these men was really turning her on. 


Yes, she had felt like running out.

Yes, she had felt so completely embarrassed when she was forced (forced?) to bend over.

She was filled with mixed but strong emotions, but her overwhelming sense was that she was feeling hornier than she had ever been before. She didn't know what they would make her do next; the uncertainty itself was an aphrodisiac. The other strong feeling she had was her need for a stiff cock, to be fucked, fucked hard and long. She realised now that it was beyond doubt that she would have more than one stiff cock, but didn't care.

"Very well done Anna," said the master, "you have passed our first test. Before we continue though Jenny and Jasmine will fit you with the clamps!"

Both girls appeared by Anna's side and immediately started to pinch and squeeze Anna's nipples. Anna said, "I'm not sure they will fit my small nipples," but Jasmine replied, "don't worry, they always fit!" The girls both took a breast each and started to suck and bite Anna's nipples, gripping them with their teeth and pulling them outwards, causing Anna to wince a few times. Gradually both girls managed to make Anna's nipples swell sufficiently to attach the clamps. Anna looked down at her breasts as the girls swiftly fixed the small metal clamps onto her nipples. She then watched and felt them tighten the clamping screws until it was almost painful, but not quite. Attached to each clamp was a long length fine cord. As each girl finished they gave the cord a swift tug causing Anna to wince but ensuring that the clamps were secure. 

With her nipples firmly clamped Anna watched as Jasmine knelt on the floor in front of her, looked up and said, "open legs please Anna." Anna looked down at Jasmine knowing that her clit was about to be clamped. She tensed as she felt Jasmine's nimble fingers parting her moist pussy lips and searching out her clit. She felt a sudden surge rush through her body, like a series of electrical pulses, as this tiny Asian girl found her target and started to flick it with her fingers. Jasmine's expert eyes watched Anna clit emerge from its hooded retreat. Unlike the nipple clamps the clit clamp had a rubber coating so that it was not quite as harsh on this delicate part of Anna's anatomy. 

Jasmine soon had the clamp in place and Anna felt it being tightened until it gripped her clitoral hood quite hard. Again there was a length of fine cord attached to the clamp and Jasmine gave it a quick jerk to ensure that the clamp was firmly attached. As she jerked it Anna squealed with a violent mixture of pain as the cord tightened and pulled followed by a rush of pleasure as the cord went slack again. Jasmine and Jenny then moved away.

The master then continued, "well done girls!" Now, Anna, your main challenge this evening will be to take the spunk of every male in this room. They will not care about your enjoyment or pleasure they will just use you to fuck and fill with their spunk. When you have passed your next test we will then take you up to your room to complete your main challenge. You will also have noticed a few women here tonight. They, together with Jenny and Jasmine will also be using you for their pleasure!

However, before your next test I will introduce you to the audience. As I take you round, the men will expect you to check out their equipment, both visually and by touch. So, Anna, I will be watching to make sure you touch every cock in this room!"

As he finished talking he pulled on the lead and slowly led her around the bar.

Anna had never seen such a variety of cocks before. She gave up trying to pretend that the normally reserved Anna shouldn't be looking and openly checked out each man's equipment like the slut she was rapidly changing to. She noticed how nearly all the cocks were at least semi-erect if not fully and felt a surge of lust to realise that it was she who was responsible for there lusty erections. 

She felt a little awkward at first touching the men's cocks with everyone else looking but soon got into the swing of it. She felt especially pleased with the ones that were only semi-erect as she arrived in front of them, leaving them fully stiff after feeling them grow in her hand. Most of the men did not touch her; they just looked directly at her and told her what they wanted to do with her. She found it very erotic to be holding each man's cock, feeling it grow in her hand as he said something like, "nice to meet you Anna, really enjoyed seeing you juicy cunt earlier and can't wait to fuck it!"

As she held another cock the owner said, "I can't wait to have that plug removed from your arse so I can give you the full length of this!"

In between the men were the few women and Anna was surprised that they were just as bold as the men were. She stood in front of one who instructed her, "pass me the cord of your clit clamp Anna."

Anna reached down and obediently handed her the end of the cord. "Now feel my pussy Anna!"

Anna hesitatingly moved her hand between the woman's legs. 

"Finger me Anna."

Anna parted the woman's pussy with her fingers and was immediately struck by how wet she was.

The woman then looked directly at her and pulled the cord sharply as she said, "I'm looking forward to seeing you fucked later."

Eventually they had been round the entire room and the master brought her back to the bar.

Anna had started to realise that the gin and tonics she had drunk earlier were now starting to pass through her and she was becoming desperate for a pee. She wasn't sure what this next test would involve but knew she had to pee soon.

She decided to ask the master if she could be excused for a minute. She turned and whispered discretely to him, "excuse me master but I really need a pee before I can continue. The master looked back and smiled. Not a warm friendly smile but a mischievous looking one.

Suddenly, much to Anna's dismay, he announced in a loud voice, "gentlemen and ladies, Anna needs to have a pee so I think it is only right that we watch her!" A loud cheer filled the bar as Anna instantly regretted having asked him. As Anna contemplated the predicament she was in she watched as someone carried a large metal bowl over.

The master sounded almost excited as he asked for volunteers to lift Anna up onto the bar. Before she had time to think two strong men had lifted her up and sat her on the edge of the bar. Two bar stools were put in place about three feet apart. As the bar audience gathered round the master said, "Anna, place a foot on each stool." Anna did as she was asked. Once her feet were on each of the stools Jenny and Jasmine appeared and eased the stools further apart so that Anna's pussy was completely on display. Jasmine jumped up onto the bar and clutched the cord that was attached to the clit clamp. She gave it a few gentle pulls much to the amusement of the audience.

Jenny then moved the bowl between Anna's open legs but still on the floor. Anna started to think to her self that she would never be able to pee with everyone looking. What Anna did not account for was the ingenuity of Jenny. With the crowd all watching Jenny started to lightly tickle the outer lips of Anna's pussy, teasing them apart and lightly flicking her fingers over Anna's urethra. At the same time she reached for the plug and slowly but positively pulled it out of Anna's anus. Anna felt her arse being stretched once more as Jenny gradually pulled the plug free. Her pelvic floor muscles were relaxing and contracting involuntarily as the bulbous plug was withdrawn. The plug suddenly plopped out; Anna suddenly tensed and then relaxed with the relief of the plug being gone. At the same instant she felt her self lose control over her bladder and her piss started to cascade in a fine arc down into the large bowl. 

As her piss started to flow, Jasmine played with the cord on her clit clamp which had the effect of changing the trajectory of Anna's pee. The loud metallic splashing of her pee as it splashed into the bowl just seemed to add to her embarrassment of peeing in public. Just as she was beginning to handle the situation she spotted three new faces in the crowd. Actually they were not in the crowd, they were right at the front with a perfect view. As she spotted them her flow of pee momentarily stopped. "Don't stop for us," shouted Steve, Paul and Li. Anna suddenly felt horrified. The three graduates she was in charge of at work were here watching her being used and humiliated. Anna remembered the many times she had fantasised about them at work. That had been fantasy, this was reality. Instead of feeling shy anymore she just inwardly resigned herself to the fact that she was entirely at the mercy of the master and his guests. 

Her pee restarted as she accepted that her young horny colleagues were watching. The bonus for Anna was that like all the other guests Steve, Paul and Li were also completely naked. She had lost count of the number of times she had tried to visualise their equipment whilst at work. She had become quite an expert in assessing a man's bulge in his trousers and was pleased to see that her guessed assessment was roughly correct! Li had the smallest cock, then Steve and then Paul with the largest. She smiled to herself as she watched all three rubbing their erections blatantly as they watched her. Finally she finished. She would like to have wiped her self but was suddenly surprised by Jenny moving between her outstretched legs and licking off the remaining drops of pee.

"Well done," a said the master, that was a nice bonus for us all to watch you pee, but now for the final test. As you have already seen, your young graduate colleagues have joined us. When we contacted them and told them of what we had planned they requested a special treat." Anna was both intrigued and flattered that these young studs should be interested in her.

In your final test Steve, Paul and Li are going to give you your first three cock experience; one in your mouth, another in your pussy and the third in your arse simultaneously! The test will be completed after all three have spunked inside you."

Anna had always had fantasies about group sex and being naked in public but now not only was she mentally preparing herself to be group-fucked in public but group-fucked by her graduate work colleagues!

As the total craziness of the situation filled her head she watched as a bed was pushed into the bar and positioned right in the centre. The bed was in fact quite high and had no foot or headboard. Steve and Paul lifted her off of the bar and then Jenny and Jasmine led her over to the bed. When I say 'led,' I mean that Jasmine had hold of the clit clamp cord and the two nipple clamp cords and was gently tugging all three. This was giving Anna sensations in her nipples and clit that focussed her attention on the fact that the next ten minutes or so would be pure lustful sex.
