 The master said, "stand up Anna."

Anna obeyed and stood up in front of the master. 

He reached for the three cords that were attached to the clit and nipple clamps and then reached out and unfastened the lead and collar. "You will not need the lead and collar any more Anna," he said, we will just guide you by pulling your clamp cords. As he spoke he gave all three a gentle tug, sending instant sensations through Anna's breasts and clit. 

"It's now time to go up to your room Anna," he said and led the way, tugging at her nipples and clit as he walked ahead of her. As they exited the bar Anna briefly looked back and saw the bar audience following. When she had been in the bar with all the others completely naked Anna had somehow lost her self consciousness about her own exposed state of dress. However as they approached the lift she suddenly felt very exposed again especially when she came face to face with the fully clothed bell boy. 

When she had first arrived, what seemed like a lifetime ago now, she had not taken much notice of the bellboy. Now that he was openly checking out her exposed breasts and crotchless panties she took another look at him. He was black, jet black, but not good looking by any imagination. In fact Anna could not quite understand why her eyes were drawn to the bulge in his trousers of a man as ugly as he was. However, she still found herself gazing openly at his crotch. The master noticed this immediately and grinned to himself as he said, "Anna, maybe Rufus here can satisfy your obvious curiosity and at the same time satisfy his pent-up lust after watching you through the window. "Kneel in front of him Anna, get out his cock and give him a blow job."

Anna felt uncertain about this latest demand. How could she suck off this ugly black man in front of all the others? As she hesitated she felt a sharp painful tug on her clit clamp as the master pulled it hard. 

Anna obediently knelt down in front of Rufus and, as she looked up saw an evil glint in his eyes. She reached forward with slightly trembling hands, unfastened his trousers and pulled down his zip. His trousers fell down around his ankles leaving just a pair of tight boxers between her and what looked like a monster cock. She touched the large bulge and felt it twitch and grow some more. Nervously she reached for the waistband of the bellboy's boxers and pulled them down. Anna had seen porno movies with black guys before and had always had a fascination about black cocks, mainly because the only ones she had seen looked so damn big! Now she was about to be face to face with a live black cock and she gasped aloud as the bellboy's cock sprung from his boxers as she released it. She sat back a little just staring at him. His boxers were around his knees and her eyes were directly in line with the biggest cock she had ever seen. She tentatively reached out and touched it, running her fingers up and down its length before wrapping her hand around it. 

"We are all waiting," said the master, "put it in your mouth, make him cum and I want to see you swallow every last drop."

Anna moved her head forward, opened her mouth and, holding it like a giant ice cream, placed the head in her mouth and closed her lips around it. 'Closed her lips around it' is not a good description. His cock was so large that with her mouth wide open her lips were already closed around it!

She could taste the faint tang of stale piss and wondered when Rufus had last washed his cock. With her hand still wrapped around the base of his cock Anna started to move her head back and forth. Much to Anna's initial relief she sensed that Rufus, who must have been highly aroused already, would very soon reach his orgasm. Her relief gave way to mild panic as Rufus tensed, gripped her head and forced more of his cock into her mouth. As the head of this huge cock touched the back of her throat, causing Anna to momentarily choke she felt his hot spunk suddenly explode into her mouth. She coughed and choked as she managed to swallow some of it but there was just too much. She heard the crowd cheer loudly as spunk leaked from the sides of her mouth and dripped down onto her breasts. Anna let go of the giant black cock and Rufus let it slip from her mouth. The tip was still dribbling spunk and he proceeded to wipe it over her nose and cheeks. 

The master then said, "well done Anna, I'm sure that Rufus enjoyed that, but you have not swallowed all of his spunk. Now wipe it up with your fingers and lick it all off.

Anna did as she was asked and carefully retrieved every last drop with her fingers and licked them clean. When she had finished the master gave a sharp pull on her the cords attached to her nipple clamps and said, "OK Anna, you can stand up now." Anna stood and then the master led her into the lift. As the doors slid closed Anna realised that only Jenny, Jasmine and the master were accompanying her and she wondered where the others were. The master turned to her, as if reading her mind and said, "we will prepare you for your finale first, before the others join us. They will wait and watch your preparation on the large screens before I call them up to your room.

They arrived at the top floor and the master led Anna to her room. Once inside the master said to Anna, "Jasmine and Jenny will now prepare you to be used for everyone's pleasure." The master then sat in one of the armchairs and watched as the two Asian girls led Anna to the large bed. He then continued, "Anna, as you now know, this room is equipped with many video cameras and at this very moment all of the audience in the bar are watching the large screen eagerly awaiting your preparation." As the master spoke he reached for the remote and the large screen in the room was suddenly filled with an image of Anna standing by the bed with Jasmine and Jenny. 

"Between the three of us," he continued, "we will show all of the viewers what pleasures you have to offer. They will all then be asked to come to the room and use you as they wish. Your objective is to take the spunk of each and every male in whichever of your pleasure holes they choose. You will also do what ever is asked of you by the ladies." 

Anna felt as though she was in some kind of erotic dream as Jenny and Jasmine told her to lie on her back on the bed. As she lay naked on the bed she closed her eyes for a moment. She felt aroused but very apprehensive about what might happen next. Even now the memory of being used by Steve, Paul and Li earlier on seemed like a distant dream. "Did I really take all three cocks at once?" she asked herself. She felt like she had just woken from a dream and was uncertain as to where the dream finished and reality begun. She quickly came back to reality when she felt a sharp painful tug on her clit. She opened her eyes abruptly in time to see the master climb up onto the bed with the cord attached to her clit held firmly in his hand.

He stood astride Anna; one foot placed either side of her thighs.

As Anna looked up at him he gazed back at her, an almost evil glint in his eyes. Everywhere that Anna looked she saw images from the big TV screen, either directly or reflected in the mirrors that were surrounding the room. The master reminded her that the images were being relayed downstairs to the bar. 

"Girls!" he shouted to Jenny and Jasmine, "undress me please."

Anna looked on as Jenny and Jasmine swiftly and efficiently undressed the master. Within a very short time he was completely naked. Anna's gaze was drawn immediately to his equipment. His large balls hanging down beneath a cock that although only semi-erect was both thick and long.

As she continued to look up at his cock he asked the girls to pass him the nipple clamp cords, which they did.

He was now standing naked astride Anna holding three cords; two attached to her nipples and the other to her clit. Slowly, he started to pull the nipple clamp cords upwards. 

"I need to check if they are tight enough," he said to Anna as she felt her nipples start to hurt. She was determined not to cry out as he cruelly pulled the cords, lifting her breasts up from her chest. With the weight of each breast supported by just a small clamp around the nipple, the pain was excruciating. Anna held her breath and winced as she watched her nipples stretching upward from her breasts. She noticed that her tortured breasts were being shown in close up on the TV screen and just as she was about to give in and scream for him stop he suddenly relaxed his grip allowing her breasts to fall back onto her chest.

"Very good, Anna," he said, "the clamps are obviously tight enough.

She then felt a sharp pain in her clit as he cruelly pulled the other cord tight, stretching and pulling at her clitoral hood. Again, as he released the tension she felt a surge of blood rush to her clit and was surprised to feel a strong wave of pleasure radiate from her sensitive bud.

She felt her nipples almost cry with relief as blood surged through her body and her nipples blushed red. The master gave each nipple cord a gentle tug and Anna realised how super sensitive her nipples had now become. 

Anna looked up at the master and noticed that his cock was now almost fully erect. Giving her pain and discomfort had obviously turned him on.

"Would you like me to explain exactly what will happen next Anna?" the master asked.

"Yes please, she replied.

"Ok," said the master. "When you were downstairs in the bar you might have felt very naked and exposed but in reality only the men at the front could see clearly." Anna was not sure where this conversation was going until he continued, "so we are going to display each of your pleasure holes in close up on the large screen so that all the men and ladies can see your most intimate features. They will then decide which one they want to use for their pleasure.

As the master I get the privilege of using you first and at the moment I am undecided as to where I want to fuck you. I will decide after we have shown you to the audience." He then climbed down from the bed and stood beside it.

"Firstly I'm sure some of the men will want to fuck your mouth. You already showed that with some practice you could take it in your throat. Please move around so that your head is hanging over the edge of the bed. 

Anna moved her self so that, still lying on her back, her head now hung over the edge of the bed. The master moved so that he was standing directly by her head and gripped the nipple clamp cords, one in each hand, and said, "Anna I am now going to slowly push my cock into your mouth. 

He moved closer to Anna's head and lowered himself a little until the head of his cock was brushing against her mouth. 

As she lay there about to take the master's cock in her mouth Anna imagined the scene in the bar downstairs. She knew that all of the bar customers would be looking at the large screen and watching the master's cock as she took it into her mouth. 

Anna felt the master's cock push against her lips and at the same time she felt a sharp tug and a sudden pain in her nipples as he pulled on the cords. Anna opened her mouth and ran her tongue around the tip of the master's cock. She heard the master say, "gentlemen, the first choice for your pleasure is Anna's mouth. I suggest you all watch the close up as I check her abilities."

Until now Anna had not realised that as well as a video link there was sound as well. 

Anna knew that most women would be horrified to be discussed and used like this. She knew that it would not be long now until she was used by all the men downstairs for their own selfish pleasure. Used like a convenient wanking aid with three holes. No consideration what so ever would be given to her pleasure or comfort, just fucked until they were all drained of their spunk.

This kind of treatment had been the basis of her long held fantasy for years and she felt hugely excited, but at the same time very apprehensive at the prospect of this fantasy coming true.

As these thoughts filled her head the master slowly pushed his stiff cock into her mouth. She could taste the saltiness on her tongue and wondered if he would use her mouth right now for his pleasure or whether he would wait until later.

The master spoke again as he pulled on the nipple clamp cords and moved a little deeper into her mouth, "Gentlemen, I will now check Anna's deep throat ability."

Anna felt herself start to panic, but remembered the technique she had tried earlier. She started to swallow rapidly as the master pulled on the nipple clamp cords as though they were reins and pushed his stiff cock into the back of her throat. She half gagged a few times and tears filled her eyes but she managed to keep the head of his cock in her throat as she felt his pubic hair pushing against her lips. 

The master slowly pulled out, and as his cock left her lips there was a stringy trail of saliva dripping from it. "Well, gentlemen," he announced, "as you just saw, Anna is still learning how to 'deep throat'. I am sure that with a little more practice she will quickly become an expert!" I would recommend that you try for your selves."

The master then climbed back onto the bed and lay on his back, his legs apart and his stiff cock lying proudly against his belly.

"OK, Anna, I want you to kneel between my legs."

Anna felt a little uncertain as to what he wanted her to do but followed his instructions and knelt between his outstretched legs with her head facing his stiff cock.

"Anna, hand me the ends of your three cords please. Anna did as he asked. Now push your bottom up high so that we give the gentlemen downstairs a wonderful view of your rear. The girls will now display your other two pleasure holes to the bar while you suck my cock."

Anna did not particularly enjoy swallowing spunk but something had changed her during the past hour or so of this sexual adventure into her deepest fantasies and now she realised she was relishing the prospect of having the master fill her mouth with his cock and then shoot his load.

She leaned forward resting on one elbow and used the other hand to lift the master's cock from his belly and guide it into her mouth. As she started to busy herself with the master's cock she felt the tiny hands of Jasmine and Jenny starting to massage her buttocks. She tried to imagine what view the men in the bar had as she felt the girls spread her bum cheeks apart to fully expose her moist pussy and her once virgin anus that had already been fucked for the first time tonight.

Just the thought of being exposed in this way to all of those male eyes filled her with lust. She knew that her male colleagues would be watching avidly, having already spunked inside her once she felt sure they would soon be hard again and wanting to use her some more.

Anna felt tiny fingertips teasing the wet outer lips of her pussy sending shivers of expectation through her body. 

The master was moving his hips in a slow fucking motion as Anna eagerly held his cock with her lips. So far he seemed content to just have the head of his cock in her mouth but Anna was certain that once her was more aroused he would want to force his cock into her throat.

She Felt her pussy lips being teased open by Jasmine and Jenny and heard Jenny say, "Gentlemen, as you can now see Anna's cunt is very moist and eager to be fucked." Anna had never felt so exposed before as she felt the girls stretch her lips apart to expose the delicate pink flesh of her inner lips and beyond. 'Moist' was an understatement. Anna's pussy was oozing with her own juices.

Jenny continued, " knowing that there are some huge cocks in the audience I will check out Anna's cunt for you to see if they will fit!"

As Jenny finished talking Anna felt Jenny start to insert her small fingers into her pussy. She remembered the scene she had watched earlier when Jenny was fisting Joyce and she realised that it was now her turn!

As Anna listened to and felt Jenny's actions she realised that it was turning the master on. As Jenny announced, I will now put my whole hand in Anna's cunt!" Anna felt her pussy being stretched wider and wider and at the same time felt the master's cock thrust deeper into her mouth and his pace increase. Anna felt certain that Jenny's hand would never fit inside her but, much to her surprise, after she felt a sudden pain, Jenny's hand pushed deep and was then inside her. She could feel her pussy lips gripping Jenny's wrist and Jenny's fingers moving around inside! 

The pain had gone and the only feeling that remained was of feeling incredibly 'full' and stretched. This was a new experience for Anna and if she had been asked earlier if she would like to be fisted would have definitely declined. Now, with Jenny's hand inside her Anna was slowly changing her mind and, much to her surprise was soon becoming accustomed to the sensation. She felt Jenny clench her fist which stretched her even further and then move her arm back and forth a small amount. Anna felt the beginnings of an orgasm starting to build. Each time Jenny pushed her arm forward it had the effect of pushing Anna's head forward, and hence taking the master's cock deeper into her mouth. A couple of times it touched the back of her throat causing her to have a gag reflex. This had the effect of turning the master on even more.

Anna then heard Jenny say, "Jasmine, we need to show the audience Anna's final option for giving pleasure."

Anna tensed involuntarily as she felt cold lubricating gel being squeezed into her anus. The effect of her tensing her pelvic floor was to grip Jenny's wrist a little harder.

The master was really enjoying the situation now as he said, "Jasmine, when you have finished lubricating Anna's last hole please get a volunteer from downstairs to fuck Anna's arse!

Anna could not see the audience downstairs in the bar but she would have been proud to see that every man was fully erect as they all stared at the large screen. If she had been able to hear them she would have heard them all shouting encouragement to Jenny as they watched Anna's pussy being stretched wide. 

They were shouting out comments like, "stretch her cunt wide Jenny, push your arm inside!"

As they watched Anna being exposed to them so graphically as Jenny pushed her hand up her, many of the men were stroking their stiff cocks in anticipation of what they wanted to do to Anna later.

As they watched Jenny starting to fist fuck Anna many started to comment that they might find Anna's cunt too loose after Jenny had finished and would probably opt for fucking her arse instead!

They all continued to watch as Jasmine fully lubricated Anna's anus and was already easing two fingers into her tightest hole. 

As Anna knelt on the bed sucking the master's cock with Jenny's fist in her pussy and Jasmine busy finger fucking her arse with two fingers, she wondered how a volunteer would be chosen from down stairs. When the master had said earlier that he wanted Jasmine to find a volunteer to fuck Anna's arse Anna was surprised by how excited it made her feel. Up until this evening her only experiences with anal sex had been painful and unsuccessful but when Li had fucked her arse earlier she was surprised at how good it had felt and she was eager to try the experience again. 

Her thoughts were suddenly interrupted by the master who said, "Jasmine, forget about the volunteer from downstairs I will fuck Anna's arse and she can experience Jenny's speciality!"

As he finished speaking he reached down and lifted Anna's head, releasing his stiff cock from her mouth.

"So, Anna," he continued, "I did intend to fuck your throat but I'm sure that you will have that experience a few times very soon when the men from the bar join us. I suspect you are wondering what Jenny's speciality is."
