 It really did start out being another typical workout at the gym. I had an extremely hectic day at work so when I got home, I quickly peeled out of my work clothes and into my workout clothes. Some days I'll put a little extra effort into what I wear. Maybe a pair of tighter shorter shorts or maybe a shirt that's just a wee bit smaller than the others. 

I've worked really hard to achieve a relatively hard body for a forty-something woman . 5'6'', thin, long legs, perky B cup breasts, wavy brunette hair. When you add in intelligence and charm, not a bad package.

That particular day I chose black shorts paired with a T-shirt proudly bearing my college Alma mater. OK, maybe this shirt was a little tighter than some and I guess one could definitely make out a nipple or two if they were so inclined. Anyway, at the last minute I threw a bathing suit and towel in my bag so I had the option to take a steam after wards. This proved to be a life altering decision. 

I got to the gym, hopped on my favorite cardio machine, popped in my earphones, cranked up my workout music, then started that 45 minutes of pleasure we all call exercise. To pass the time, it's always fun for me to take inventory of who is at the gym . 

I certainly have my favorites. There is football guy. He's way way too young for me, tall, broad shoulders, and great smile. What I would give to run my hands over his chest just once . There is treadmill guy....also too young (maybe Mrs. Robinson had the right idea....women do live longer, right?) The way the tattoo on his bicep looks when he's running. What would it feel like to be wrapped up in those arms? 

There are even a few men closer to my own age who have nicely proved to be no guilt eye candy. There is chin up guy. Actually his name is Ray. He's a sales rep who I spot now and then at work. He looks effortless and amazing as he pulls his sinewy frame over the bar. What could I do to him if all of the sudden his hands were tied to the bar? Easy access for sure. Oh how my mind could wander. 

This activity plus my favorite music playing in my ear was all I needed for a very satisfying workout experience. This was also on more than one occasion  "inspiration" for fantasy time when I got home. 

That particular night another workout junkie caught my eye. It surprised me because the utter strengh it took to accomplish this move. Wow! I was like nothing else I had seen before. Lunges across the weight room with at least 45 pound weights in each hand. 

It was one of those chemistry moments that take you totally off guard. My reaction shocked me because unlike the other subjects of my gym thoughts this was a woman. A super fit, tan, blond woman. 

What was I thinking!? I'm not attracted to women. I've never kissed a woman. In the limited porn I've watched, girl on girl did nothing for me, but her.....she had a body like I had never noticed or appreciated on another woman before. She was so strong . I assumed along with this came confidence and who knows, an adventurous spirit? 

What would it feel like to touch her legs, her stomach, her arms, her breasts? Do you think it's true what they say? Can a woman give more satisfying oral sex to another woman because they know how it feels? 

"OK ,stop Anna." My mind was going places where it had never gone before....back to checking out my guys.

"Focus Anna, focus." I thought to myself. 

"What was Ray doing now?" "Oh there he is doing squats." "Nice." "Great legs."  "I bet it would feel heavenly to be between those legs," I kept saying to myself.  After 45 minutes of cardio, a half hour in the weight room, and several unnerving thoughts later, I knew a steam bath was in order. I headed down to the locker room, changed into my pink tankini, took a couple seconds to give myself a once over in the mirroe, did a quick hair flip then headed for the steam room. 

During my pre steam shower, I noticed that the window was fogged over so I knew that only meant one thing....I wouldn't be alone. I said a quick prayer that it wouldn't be an old fat guy with a hairy back and stepped in.

The heat hits you immediately. It's strong, intense, and inviting. I took a quick seat then subtly tried to see who I was sharing the room with. 

"Hey Anna, is that you?" 

I looked up and it was Ray sitting at the other end of the bench. 

"It's hard to see in here," he said as he squinted looking down my direction of the bench. "Wave if it's you." 

"Cute," I thought to myself.  He's got amazing shoulders AND he's clever. Nice combo. 

"Yep, it's me," I replied. 

"Is that you Rob?" I said coyly, knowing full well it was Ray. One can't seem to interested, right? Isn't that what Dear Abbey and Oprah say? 

"It's Ray from work," he said. "I call on your office every other Thursday." 

"Oh my gosh, Ray...I'm so sorry," I said apologetically. 

We sat there quietly for a minute or so. I casually tried to glance over at him to gain a peek at his really fit body. Seeing Ray shirtless is definitely inspiring if you know what I mean.

"Did you have a good workout?", he asked. 

"Oh yea," I said. "It's always so much fun." "The things we do to be able to eat ice cream now and then, right?" "I'm just glad I have my Ipod." "My music is my saving exercise grace." 

I stopped myself. I was starting to sound like Chatty Cathy. "Be cool Anna," I thought.

"Well I have to say Anna," "I hope this doesn't sound too crass, but whatever you're doing, keep it up." "You look great in that pink suit." "I thought seeing you in a cute flirty skirt and blouse at the office was one thing , but that suit." "Man oh man!" "Your smooth skin compliments it so much." His voice trailed off...I think he said a little more than he intended.

I felt myself blushing. It's a good thing we were in the steam room, so I looked flushed anyway. 

"Thanks, Ray," I said quietly but with I'm sure more than a little excitement in my voice. I looked up at him and caught his eye. He started laughing. Not the reaction I was expecting to say the least. 

"Anna," "I don't want to ruin this nice moment, but I gotta ask, did the guys from KISS do your makeup?" 

"What?!" I asked...."Oh shit!"

I just realized what he was talking about. My mascara was most assuredly running all over my face. So much for being the coy ,hard body, steam room fantasy girl. 

"Oh crap," I said as I looked down frantically wiping the mascara off my face.

"Stop for a sec", he said. "Let me." 

Ray put his index finger gingerly in his mouth, looked wantonly at me with his telling blue eyes then started to wipe my runny mascara off my face. 

"Thanks," I said. "I owe you". 

"I have a great way you could even things up,"   he whispered playfully as he leaned in and gave me a soft kiss on my mascara stained cheek. 

"It's now or never," I thought. Ever since I noticed him at work, I had wondered what it would be like to be with him. And in the steam room no less? Pardon the pun, but how hot would that be? 

"Well Ray," I said.  "I always like to pay off my debts." 

Before I could finish those last words , Ray's hands were all over me. He ran his hand up my sweaty arm, cupped my breast, then unexpectedly reached way down to my foot and brought his hand slowly up my leg stopping just short of where I desperately wanted him to be.

"Don't stop," I thought to myself. "Slip your beautiful long fingers inside me." 

Even though I could have come up with a more original move, I copied him and ran my hand up his muscular calf, thigh, then not stopping like he had ,slipped it up into his gym trunks. 

"Wow!" I thought.  "He would feel so great inside of me." " Let's see what we can do to make that happen."

Suddenly, the door opened and as I quickly removed my hand from Ray's immense hard on, I heard a female voice saying "Hey honey, sorry I'm late." 

"Hi yourself lover," he responded. 

"What the hell," I think to myself. "He has a girlfriend?!" 

I looked up at the female voice only to realize that it was her!! It was her!! The only woman I had ever had sexual thoughts about with the guy I was just making out with in the steam room? They are a couple? How is this happening? 

"Wait," I think. Maybe this is a good thing. Maybe this is an excellent thing.

"Don't let me interrupt Ray," she said. "You know how I like to watch." 

Ray looked at me and smiled that charming smile of his and said "What do you think Anna?" "Do you like being watched?" 

"Wait," he added. "Where are my manners?"   "Anna, this is Mary Grace." "I call her MG for short." "Honey, this is Anna."

Ray must of noticed how I looked at MG even though I tried so hard to keep my poker face on.

"Wait a minute, he said suddenly." "Do you two want me to watch you?" "How hot would that be?" "Anna, MG is amazing in every way." You wouldn't be disappointed." 

MG inched a little closer to me obviously seeing the trepidation in my eyes.

"What do you say Anna?" she said. "Let me give you the orgasm of your life." "I know I can." "Trust me." 

It could have been the heat, but luckily it turned out my defenses were nil, so before I knew it, I was leaning against Ray's strong chest while MG was exploring me with her strong soft hands. 

As I was surprisingly enjoying this, I heard Ray say, "Come on Anna, don't be shy." "You know you want to touch her." "Let me watch you." 

I couldn't deny what he said. I looked shyly at MG and began to run my hands over her tight stomach then down her muscular legs. I couldn't bring myself to do any more even though I desperately wanted to. MG smiled at me then slowly began to kiss my breasts, my stomach, then went to work between my legs. Her lips and tongue was like nothing I had ever felt before. So soft yet so assertive and confident. 

I could faintly hear Ray encouraging us, but all I  cared about  was  MG's lips between my legs making me feel like no one else ever had.

Between leaning against Rays strong chest as his hands slipped under my pink tankini top gently tweaking my nipples and MG's amazing lips doing mind altering things between my legs, it was only moments before I couldn't contain myself any longer and ,like she had promised, had the most intense, loud orgasm ever. I mean ever. This was a new Anna experience and I was loving it.

"OK Anna, our turn," Ray said eagerly . 

"More fun to be had", I thought? How great is this? 

"Have you ever wanted to be a cowgirl?" he asked. 

"Don't say another word," I said as I lifted myself up and quickly pulled his baby blue swim trunks down around his ankles revealing a wonderfully perfectly proportioned erect penis. He sat on the bench, I sat on his lap , and off we went to the rodeo . This was heaven on earth.   

MG quickly saw where she needed to be to reach optimum pleasure and positioned herself directly in front of me. 

As Ray expertly moved himself in and out of me, I was tasting MG. Sweet and salty at the same time. How could that be? 

Even though this was my first time with another woman, if her moans were any indication, she seemed to be appreciating my virgin efforts.

Obviously it wasn't my first time with a man so I knew by the sound of Ray's groans and by the way his movements become quicker and quicker, he was having the time of his life with this cowgirl and well on his way to finishing the ride . So was I for that matter. 

I wanted to keep working on MG, but I knew my orgasm was oh so close, so I stopped just long enough to loudly express my sincere appreciation to them both , then quickly got back to work on MG.  Within seconds, she was coming loudly and strongly. 

As we all recovered from our encounter and after we cracked open the steam room door so we wouldn't pass out from heat exhaustion, I thought to myself, "I was my own inspiration tonight." 

"Hopefully we will see you again soon Anna," Ray said as he and MG headed for the showers.

" I promise I will have the mascara issue under control next time," I said smiling. 

"Oh, I don't know about that," Ray said. "That suit, your skin, your hair, seeing you with MG, and even the mascara." "I wouldn't have changed a thing."