 Annabel: The Horniest Slut In The County

Jack Walker meandered through the throng of guests at the reception. He skirted the dance floor and its smattering of swaying bodies with an ineptitude born of five Jack Daniel's and very little coke. Pleased as he was to escape the monotone ramblings of an elderly, and until now, almost forgotten aunt, his aching bladder presented a more pressing and urgent problem: if he could only get just a few more yards across the room without meeting anyone else who knew him or wanted him to pass messages of congratulation on to his just-married sister, he reckoned he could make it to the first floor bathroom. Keeping his eyes fixed firmly ahead, he successfully managed to manoeuvre to the door and left the music and laughter behind him. As he began his grateful ascent of the long cascading staircase, a familiar voice rang out.

"Hey, Jack! How's it going?" Jack would have known the owner of the voice from anywhere.

"Rip! Great to see you, man!" The two young men shook hands warmly. Jack had known Ripley Thomas since they were children and had stayed firm friends into adulthood. Unlike Jack's own height, Ripley was only about 5ft 6, but his boyish charm and striking good looks still made him extremely popular with the opposite sex. His blonde hair was neatly combed back into a short pony-tail and the expensive suit he wore made him look every bit the eligible playboy; an image that he had carefully cultivated for himself.

"I gotta take a piss, Rip, we'll talk later, okay?"

"We think alike, my friend. I was just heading that way myself."

The two friends walked side by side up the stairs, chatting amiably as they went.

"How's Kay doing?" asked Ripley. Jack had always know his friend had a soft spot for his sister, but both knew that it was a dangerous subject and always avoided it.

"Good, I think. She seems to be really enjoying her wedding. Phil's a pretty good guy - she could have done a lot worse. By the way, I saw your parents downstairs. I'm glad they could make it, Kay's always liked them."

"Yeah, they like her as well. But mom's like an all seeing machine tonight, every time I get close to even talking to a girl she butts into the conversation and puts me right off my stride!"

Both men laughed. Jack knew Mrs. Thomas well and her close protection of her often wayward son was almost a legend.

"She knows you too well, man," Jack said, "shame too, there's quite a few hot women here tonight!"

Rip groaned, making them both laugh again. They finally reached the hotel's first floor bathroom and entered together. The rich aroma of pine and lemon assaulted their senses as the door swung shut behind them. Both men assumed the standard position; at least two stalls between them, and let nature take its course. Jack breathed a sigh of relief.

"Damn, that's better." 

His friend was already zipping up when they both heard the voice.

"Hey, guys! Wanna see something weird?"

Jack and Ripley both turned their head and looked for an owner of the disembodied voice. It was coming from the cubicle behind them. They looked at each other, not answering in the negative or positive but waiting for the voice to continue. The door of the cubicle opened slightly and a man's head looked out. Only his face and neck were visible and from the collar and tie that he wore Jack guessed that he was also a guest at his sisters wedding. The face was smiling.

"Hey, you two. Do you want to see something weird?" he repeated.

Fearing that the stranger was some sort of fag who would probably start waving his cock at them, Jack and Ripley were initially cautious. They looked at each other again. No words were spoked, but it was clear that both were thinking the same thing.

"Not if you're just gonna show us your dick, you geek!" said Ripley, his voice caustic.

"Ha! Ha! Nah, nothing like that man, come closer, take a look."

Still a little apprehensive, but their curiosity well aroused, the two moved closer towards the cubicle. The stranger opened the door wider and they looked inside. The girl sat slumped on the toilet seat. Her head was back and a wide grin adorned a pretty face framed by flaming red hair. Jack thought he recognised her as one of his sister's old friends from high school. Both he and Ripley looked at her. She had obviously consumed a good quantity of alcohol and seemed in an extremely happy state. She wore a long dress of blue and white taffeta. The garment's design allowed a split in the side to revealed a generous amount of her silk covered thigh and was cut low at the front pushing her ample breasts up and out and thus displaying the creamy skin of the upper slopes.

"Gentlemen," the stranger said proudly, "let me introduce you to my wife, Annabel, probably the horniest slut in the county!"

For a second, both Jack and Ripley stood with mouths agape. This was hardly what they had expected to find in a high class hotel bathroom. But, as Jack thought, it did provide an interesting sight. They both watched as Annabel's head came up. Her lips seemed to shine wetly under the bright bathroom lights, and as her long tongue slithered out and she licked the glossed skin, they realised instantly that the moisture there was male semen.

"As you can see, my friends, Annabel has already enjoyed her first present of the night directly from me, her husband and, sadly, it will be some time before I can offer her a second." The stranger looked up at jack and Ripley, his voice now almost pleading, his face showing no sign of sarcasm or jest. "Perhaps one of you fine looking gentlemen, or even both of you, would be prepared to assist her until I am recovered?"

The words seemed to stick in Jack's throat. A complete stranger that he had never seen before was standing in front of him and literally offering his wife to him, to both of them, no less. It was not the sort of thing that happened every day! Ripley, however, seemed immediately at home with the situation.

"Sure!" he exclaimed quickly, "We'd love to, wouldn't we Jack?" he didn't wait for his friend's response before continuing. "Is she a good fuck?"

"You will find Annabel responsive in every way to your needs and demands" the stranger replied. He looked very relieved at Ripley's obvious agreement. "She will take you where ever and how ever you wish. Her pussy is constantly wet, her ass is tight and, as I have already admitted to sampling tonight, her mouth will caress your cock in the sweetest and most wonderful way you could imagine. Please gentlemen," he gestured towards his wife, "be our guests."

Before Jack could think what to do, his friend was already unzipping his pants and walking towards the seated Annabel. Ripley had always been a very popular man with the ladies, and as he withdrew his semi-erect penis, Jack could see why. Even in its half flaccid state, his tool was huge. It hung from his open fly at least eight inches in length and as he slowly massaged the head against Annabel's eager lips it immediately swelled into a weapon of almost fearsome proportions. The cubicle was fortunately quite large but, as Jack quickly realised, not large enough for Ripley, Annabel and himself to fit in to at the same time. That was fine, he thought, he would simply join the stranger and watch until his friend had finished and he would have his turn.

The stranger, who had introduced himself as Andrew, quickly brought two chairs from outside the bathroom and locked the door. He positioned them so that he and Jack had a ring-side view of the action that had now started. Jack gratefully seated himself and began to watch. Annabel was seated up a little straighter and had taken Ripley's now fully erect member between her glossy, red lips. It was a struggle, but with the odd thrust from Ripley, she managed to work the whole of the wide, shiny glans into her mouth and began to give him head. Jack watched as her cheeks puffed out and then contracted with the effort of sucking his friend. For his part, Ripley seemed to be having the time of his life. He had since loosed the buckle of his pants and, together with his underwear, shimmied them down to his ankles. His eyes were closed and his head back as he began to slowly thrust his huge cock in and out of Annabel's mouth. Inch by inch the length disappeared between her ruby lips and as she finally managed to take at least eight inches of him, her hands went to his buttocks and began kneading and massaging the flesh as he pumped her throat. The air was full of noise: Rip's groans of ecstasy combining and occasionally drowning out Annabel's gurgles and sighs. Jack could feel the pressure of his own powerful erection still in the confines of his underwear and squirmed in his seat a little to find a more comfortable position. He glanced over at Andrew and realised that his new friend had no such problems: he had already released his modest sized penis and was openly massaging it. Jack was initially a little disturbed to be this close to another man's cock, but those worries were quickly dispelled as he opened his fly and, grabbing his own solid erection, began to follow suite.

By this time Ripley was grunting deeply and almost ramming his cock in and out of Annabel's mouth. She could obviously sense that he was getting close and with gargantuan effort and obvious reluctance she pulled back to allow his shaft to reappear before her face.

"In..my ..pussy," she gasped, swallowing hard. "I...want...you...inside my cunt!"

It was a tough position, but with a little work they managed it. With Annabel almost lying on the toilet seat, Ripley lifted her legs and removed her shoes. The taffeta skirt immediately rode up and bunched around her waist exposing the tiniest pair of white lace bikini panties he had ever seen. The stockings came off next and, with her feet now bare, Marie was able to place them high up on the walls of the cubicle and retain her position. Ripley virtually dove in between her legs and tore the panties from her body. She gasped as the flimsy material rent and her pussy was left uncovered. All three men looked at her. The skin around her mound was completely and carefully shaved: not a trace of hair remained and the lips of her vagina pouted out puffy and glistening wet in the light.

"Annabel thought it would be nice to go hairless tonight!" said Andrew with a wide smile. "I hope you both approve." The twitch and pulsation of Jacks' tool was enough to demonstrate his appreciation of Annabel's hairdressing skills, and the leer on Ripley's face as he looked down at her naked pussy told much the same story. Annabel could still see Ripley's engorged tool swaying above her as he manoeuvred himself between her open legs. She was becoming impatient.

"Are you going to look at my cunt all day, or are you gonna fuck me?" she almost demanded..

Ripley needed no second invitation and quickly positioned himself. His hands went under her soft buttocks and she gasped again as he roughly pulled her forward. They both looked at each other for the briefest of moments. Both knew what was about to happen and both wanted to savour that moment. Ripley licked his lips. Annabel did the same. The look of lust on their faces was obvious. The tip of Ripley's massive tool touched Annabel's pouty lips. He pushed slightly allowing two inches of his cock to enter her. She gasped. He pushed again, another inch or two disappeared. Annabel moaned loudly and Ripley thrust forward with a lunge sending his entire length into her wet hole. He fucked her fast and furiously, ignoring her moans and screams of ecstasy as they both built up quickly to the point of orgasm. Annabel was first: her whole body trembled and shook as she convulsed into climax. Her feet lifted from the cubicle walls and gripped Ripley in a vice like lock. With a cry of satisfaction Ripley followed his lovers lead. He felt his cock swell and throb inside Annabel's body. He pulled back, he wanted her to see his climax - he wanted Annabel to witness his seed as it leapt, graceful as a ballet dancers pirouette, and arced through the air to splash obscenely onto her quivering belly.

Jack had witnessed one of the most erotic spectacles that he had ever seen. His hand still gripped his own tool and he had had to stop touching himself on several occasions or risk losing his cum before he got anywhere near Annabel. It was true; she did have a wonderful pussy and a very eager mouth, but it was what her husband had said about her tight ass that now filled Jack with excitement. He was twenty five years old and, although he had never been short of girlfriends or even casual fuck's, he had never yet experienced the fascinated taboo of anal sex.

As Ripley staggered out of the cubicle, sweat stained and clearly exhausted by his recent activity, Jack rose from his seat. He looked over at Andrew, still seated and masturbating slowly. The stranger returned his gaze with a knowing smile.

"You want to fuck her in the ass, don't you?" he asked simply. Jack nodded silently. "Go ahead, she'll love it. She loves every type of sex. She just can't get enough cock. Do her man, I know you'll enjoy it!"

This was all the encouragement Jack needed. He walked into the cubicle. The aroma of sex was hot and thick in the air. Annabel had overheard his conversation with her husband and was now kneeling on the floor of the cubicle. Her dress was still bunched around her waist leaving the smooth, tanned skin of her rounded and perfectly shaped buttocks fully exposed. She presented herself to him in the most supplicated manner: her knees widely spread and her head down on the cool floor tiles. Jack could hardly believe his luck as he knelt behind this most wanton slut (her husband's words, he remembered) and positioned his cock at the entrance to her gaping pussy. 

Annabel groaned deeply as he laved the head up and down the slick folds of her labia, coating his tool in her juices. She gasped as he touched her still throbbing clit and then sighed ruefully as he withdrew. The moment of regret, though, lasted but for a second as Jack inserted the tip of his primed phallus into her back passage. Where as Ripley had eased his huge organ into her inch by inch, Jack thrust his entire, but smaller member, straight into her ass. The pain was instant as it always was when she took a cock in her butt, but was quickly followed by the familiar warm tingling feeling and then the sensation of complete fullness that she craved so much.

Jack felt like a lion. At last his tool was buried in the ass of a young, beautiful woman and he loved it. The sensations were virtually indescribable, but he could clearly state ( should someone have been ignorant enough to ask at that point) that the feeling of tight confinement was better than anything he had yet encountered. He jerked his hips back and then forward again, revelling in the power that he possessed to make Annabel moan and gasp. Her voice seemed to encourage him to thrust deeper and, not wishing to disappoint, this he did. He knew when he started to butt fuck this woman that he would not be able to last long, but the speed with which his climax approached surprised - no, shocked - him deeply. Before he knew what was happening his balls were contracting wildly. His cock jerked with a mind of its own as he fought to extricate himself from Annabel's rear entrance. He pulled back hard, hearing the inevitable "pop" as his cock vacated the tight hole and then leaned back as his cum spurted in a smooth series of jets to land on her trembling butt cheeks. He suddenly became aware that, for some time, his eyes had been closed and, now opening them, he saw that Annabel's husband, Andrew, had some how managed to join them in the cubicle and was at this very moment, with gritted teeth, jerking off over his wife's face. As Jack watched the man's cum once again fill her mouth and spatter her face and hair, he let loose yet another stream of cum himself which landed in the small of her back and pooled there.

As the four new friends recovered, Jack watched Annabel closely. Her face and body were awash with the cum of her lover's and her husband. Her beautiful flame red hair was thickly matted and streaks of the sticky liquid were trickling down her chin. She showed no signs, however, of cleaning herself off and, catching Jack's stare, she looked back up at him.

"All this is for later," she murmured, licking a stray rivulet of semen from the corner of her mouth, "I want to remember the taste of both of you!"

Ripley and Andrew had been deep in whispered conversation and Ripley now turned to Annabel. His boyish charm was turned up to full as a lopsided grin spread over his face.

"Oh you won't be forgetting us in a hurry," he said casually, "I believe this hotel has a very nice suite that is available tonight. Baby, you're gonna get fucked, fucked and then fucked some more. We're not going to leave you alone until you beg us to stop!"

"I don't think that's going to happen, somehow." Said Annabel with a wicked smile, she glanced over at her husband and winked at him. "Don't forget, I'm Annabel, the horniest slut in the county!"