 After our fuck, Anne and I got ready for the day. We got a quick bite to eat and headed to the pool.

We went to the topless pool and I saw plenty of eye candy when we got there.

We found two chairs and got our stuff out. I was already reclining when Anne pulled off her tank top, she hadn't worn a top, and displayed her cute tits to everyone. She then pulled off her shorts.

She wore a pair of black bottoms that wasn't quite a thong, but offered very little coverage of her ass. They sat very low on her hips and had a small piece of fabric that barely covered her pussy.

As she put her sunscreen on, I had to work to keep from getting an erection looking at my wife. I'm sure I wasn't the only guy at the pool in the same predicament.

Once she settled, I commented on how hot she looked, which brought a big smile from her. We ordered drinks and settled in. I alternated between reading my magazine and checking out the scenery.

After some time passed, Anne said she was going to the bathroom and she'd get another round of drinks for us. When she returned, I notice several eyes, guys and girls, checking her out.

We got in the pool a couple of times, but largely just hung out together. It wasn't until after a couple of hours there that things changed.

Anne had gotten up to go to the bathroom again and get new drinks. I was busy reading and checking things, boobs, out around the pool and hadn't noticed she'd been gone for a while.

I was brought back into the present when two hot young girls sat down next to me in Anne's chair. I mean hot and young. Both were blonde and had surgically-enhanced tits to go with slim and tight bodies.

"So, your wife says you have a big cock," the blonde on the left said.

"I guess so."

"We want to see it," the blonde on the right said.

"Here? I don't think I can."

"Don't you have a room here," said the blonde on the left.

I glanced to the bar area and saw my wife smiling. I smiled back and knew what was happening. I wasn't going to miss this.

"Of course I do," I replied. "Let's go."

I got up and grabbed my t-shirt. The girls put on their shorts and t-shirts and we headed towards the room. In the elevator I found out their names were Nikki and Beth. They were both 22 years old and celebrating their graduations from college.

Once we got to the room, I wasted no time and dropped my swim trunks. They both commented on the size of my cock. Always an ego boost.

I told them I wasn't all the way hard yet either. They both immediately dropped to their knees and began licking my cock. Looking down at their cute faces had me fully hard in no time.

"I've got to have that in me," said Nikki.

We repositioned on the bed. I was on my back as Nikki put a condom on my cock. I watched her lower herself down on me, but I wasn't able to see her work me all the way in as Beth lowered her shaved pussy to my face.

With all of the fucking that I'd done the last few days, I had plenty of stamina. The girls switched a couple of times before I was ready for a new position.

We rearranged on the bed. Beth got onto all fours as Anne positioned her pussy right in front of Beth. I entered Beth from behind and had the view of a lifetime. These two had supermodel bodies with faces to match.

For some reason, I took my eyes off the two of them in front of me and noticed my wife had come into the room. She was naked on the couch, playing with herself as she watched the three of us. We exchanged big smiles.

I fucked Beth for a while before they switched positions for me to fuck Nikki from behind. I finally felt my own orgasm approaching and instructed them to get on the floor as I took off my condom. I shot my load into both of their mouths, which they readily accepted.

They began kissing and sharing my cum between them. They got back onto the bed, continuing to make out with each other. My wife moved to the bed and joined them. I had never seen my wife with another woman, let alone with two of the hottest girls I had ever fucked.

While she was older than they were, she didn't look out of place on the bed with them.  I had to pee and when I returned I saw Anne on her back, kissing Nikki while Beth was eating her pussy. When Nikki moved to offer her pussy to my wife, Anne started licking her hungrily.

The scene of the three women on the bed, naked and enjoying each other, had me hard again quickly.

Nikki saw me stroking my hard cock on the couch and moved off the bed and joined me on the couch. She straddled my lap and lowered herself on to me. I hadn't put on a condom, but didn't care much.

After riding me to an orgasm, Nikki got off me and tapped Beth on the shoulder. She got off the bed to join me on the couch. I saw Nikki and my wife get into a 69-position before Beth started riding me.

Beth rode me to her own orgasm when Nikki took her turn on my cock, riding me reverse cowgirl. Beth moved to my side and began to kiss me as her friend fucked my cock.

The flash out of the corner of my eye caught my attention, and I noticed my wife was now taking pictures of the scene. As I kissed Beth, I made a mental note for the future to take pictures of my wife in action as well.

My stamina was at an all-time high as Beth and Nikki kept taking turns riding me as the other kissed me. Then they started riding me as the other licked my balls. Meanwhile, Anne just kept clicking away.

I finally felt my own orgasm approaching. Again, I told them to both get on their knees as I placed my cock in front of their open mouths. Anne moved in close with the camera and was able to get several shots of me shooting another load of cum in their mouths.

The three of us were out of breath and physically spent. Beth, Nikki and I managed to make it to the bed, where we fell into a heap of exhausted, naked bodies. Anne took a few more pictures before joining us.

I don't know how long we laid there, but after a while Beth and Nikki said they needed to get going so they could get ready to go out for the night. 

We exchanged numbers since they travelled some for work and so did I. They were both from Philadelphia, which was a place I went once or twice or year for work. We also figured we might end up in the same city and it'd be a shame not to get together gain. 

They got dressed and kissed both Anne and I before they left.

Anne and I put on some casual clothes and went to get a bite to eat.

Over dinner, we discussed the weekend in Vegas and what it all meant. We were both okay with what had transpired and wanted more of it. Over the past several months, we had pretty much experienced everything and we loved every minute of it while also knowing we felt more in love with each other than ever before.

We wanted to continue to our new sex lives, but didn't know how to begin searching. Sure, we would keep our "affairs" going, but wanted to play more together. While we didn't know how to begin that, we knew we'd be having fun figuring it out.

When we got back to the room, we made love. Slow and tender for over an hour. We kissed almost non-stop during it. After I finally came, we drifted off to sleep.

When we woke in the morning, we had one last romp. This time more pure lust fucking.

By the time we had boarded the plane we were both sexed out. Well, that might last for a day. We had lots of investigating to do.