 It's sometimes amazing how innocent little meetings just turn out to be life's big enjoyments.

I'm Al and my wife's name is Liz and this is our story.

We've been blessed with an amazing financial windfall when the investment's our folks gave to us kept doubling and splitting giving us enough money so that at the ripe old age of thirty five we were able to not have to work to make ends meet. The work that we did was just enough to keep us occupied and our minds busy. Liz had several girls that worked for her doing cleaning jobs and I was a good enough carpenter to have people calling my business number. The nice thing was that I only worked when it suited me!

I had taken a job on for a friend of mine who was in the real estate business and was in no hurry to finish this apartment so I only worked about four hours a day. One day I was admiring my handy work when I caught a movement out of the corner of my eye which turned out to be a young girl staring at me.

"Can I help you?" I asked.

"No. I heard some noise and was wondering who was here."

"Well I'm a friend of the owner, and I'm doing some work for him. And who would you be?"

"My name is Anne and I live over there with my Mom."

We stared at each other for a moment before I told her my name was Al. She was easy on the eyes with soft red hair, a fair complexion, and what appeared to be a fairly good looking body that was hidden by some baggy clothes. What was alluring to me was her green eyes and the shape of her lips.

"Hey Al does your friend need a helper for you?" 

"Sorry Anne but this is a one person job and I have a suspicion you're not a carpenter."

"I was just looking for some work as Mom told me that I need to find a job and start to help her out."

"Hey. How are you at house cleaning?" I asked.

"My Mom never complains so I guess I do a good enough job. Why do you ask?"

"My wife Liz has several girls who do house and office cleanings and she might be interested in hiring someone else."

Anne's eyes lit up which produced a big smile as she whirled around with joy. That's when I noticed the shirt got a little tighter which outlined a big set of tits and her baggy pants showed the outline of a firm ass. I could only imagine what this girl looked like under all that material.

"Hey slow down a little. It's my wife's call and she'll have to do the hiring. Do you have a phone number or some way she can talk to you? Hey; are you old enough to work?"

"I turn eighteen Friday!" she boasted.

"Big party with your friends?" I asked.

"I'm not a socialite nor do we have a lot so it will be quiet."

"Sorry Anne."

"Hey it's not your fault but I'll go and get you my telephone number."

I arrived at the house to find Liz busy in the kitchen preparing our diner.

"Hi babe. How's the apartment going?"

"Jake didn't give me a deadline so I'm taking my time."

I knew Liz liked the young ladies so I was anxious to see her reaction about Anne's questioning me.

"A young redhead who lives in the building stopped by looking for work and I told her about your small enterprise. Here's her telephone number."

Liz looked at me with passion in her eyes as she took the paper and headed for the phone. Within ten minutes or so she had returned with a sheepish grin on her face.

"Al, she's meeting me here tomorrow for her job interview. She sounds so sweet and innocent that my pussy is throbbing with anticipation."

"Go easy on her Liz or you'll scare her away. Don't forget that I'm the one that headed her in your direction."

"Don't worry Al; she'll be ready if everything goes as planned."

My wife and I have this thing going where everything in every room of our house is recorded so that when she scores with her girls I get to enjoy the show and we bring the videos out to build our passion before we enjoy each other. If Liz does a real good job with them I get to enjoy them along with her so our library has a lot of variety to it.

Liz's Story........

I could hardly wait to see what this young redhead was all about. My nipples were tingling and my pussy was getting wet with anticipation when the telephone rang.

"Hi Liz. It's Anne."

My heart was feeling that a big letdown was coming up!

"Sorry to bother you but I have no way of getting to your house. My Mom left for work and it didn't dawn on me that it's too far and too long for me to walk."

I thought for a second. "Don't worry I'll come over there and we can talk or I'll drive you over here."

"You'd do that?" she asked.

"Sure. We can have a talk and you can show me your cleaning talents." There were some other talents I'd like to check out but one thing at a time." My house needs to be cleaned so I can see what you do to make a house neat. Don't worry you'll be paid for today."

I drove to the apartment complex and she was waiting outside as I drove up. I stopped the car and rolled the window down to introduce my self and check her out.

"Hi I'm Liz and I 'm guessing you're Anne?"

She flashed a beautiful smile as I starred at those green eyes and luscious lips. Damn she was sexy in her own cute way and she didn't even know it. Anne jumped in and off we went to our house as we had some small talk and I told her about my small enterprise I had going. When we pulled up to the house she looked the place over from the car telling me she had never seen such a lovely place and was amazed how out of the way it was. I explained we enjoy our privacy and this is a great place for it. We went inside and she looked around with me behind her checking her ass out imaging what it looked like and how her pussy was going to taste. As we passed through the kitchen and living room area she spotted the pool and was amazed at it being there.

"Wow you have a pool! That's amazing!"

"Lot's of homes have pools honey."

"Is that where your tan comes from?" she asked.

"Yes it is and there are no tan lines either."

She looked at me with an inquisitive star and asked how much time she was allotted to clean the place and how much money she would be getting. 

"You'll have about two hours because it is cleaned on a weekly basis and you'll receive $40 cash. If this was a new account you'd have twice as long and get $70."

I showed her where the cleaning supplies were and the vacuum hose (central vac) and off she went. I went off to my bedroom and put on my wicked weasel bikini and went to the pool to tan. The sun was warm and I must have fallen asleep because Anne was sitting next to me speaking my name when I awoke.

"I'm done and I hope you like my work." 

"I smiled at her and stretched out with my arms back as far as they would go when she looked at my body.

"Liz you have a magnificent body."

"Hey. You trying to butter me up." I laughed. Let's go check the place out.

I jumped up first so she could stare at my ass which was barely covered as we headed for the house. I could see her reflection off the slider with her eyes glued to my behind so I swayed my hips a little more than usual to juice her up a bit more. We went inside and I started my white glove inspection of the interior and she trailed me around from room to room so I became bolder as I would bend over to give glimpses of my tits and my now protruding nipples. She was happy to check them out as she seemed to make sure she had a perfect angle each time I bent down.

We were back in the kitchen and I looked at her. "You did a great job and I like your work."

She gave me another beautiful smile closed the distance between us and gave me a hug. "Oh thank you so much."

I realized what a big set of tits she was hiding when she squeezed me and my nips really jumped out. Anne then surprised me by giving me a soft kiss on my lips. I took her face in my hands and stared into those pools of green, leaned forward and gently returned her kiss which she accepted with no resistance as her lips slowly parted and her tongue slipped into my mouth. What a surprise that was!

She broke off the kiss. "I'm sorry Liz."

"Sorry for what?"

"You're not offended? I couldn't help myself after looking at your body I had to do something. You are a beautiful woman."

"Do you like women?"

"I've never done anything like this before; but it seemed like the thing to do."

."Let's go enjoy the pool." I grabbed her by the hand and led her outside.

"I don't have anything to wear.' She graveled.

"Hey. Look around. There's only the two of us here and Al won't be back for hours so we don't need any clothes. You ok with that?"

Anne was becoming a little reluctant so I made the first move and took off my top and untied the knot on my bottoms and stood there naked in front of her. She had fire in those eyes now so I was sure she was getting excited as I stepped in front of her and started to unbutton her blouse. She leaned forward to kiss me again as I nearly ripped the buttons off and threw her blouse on the chair! I reached around the back and undid her bra which was packed with the whitest melons I had ever seen. These puppies had never seen the sun in their short lifetime! I broke off the kiss to admire what was in my presence.

"Anne.... Your tits are beautiful!" I was shaking in anticipation of what her pussy and ass was going to look like. I slowly knelt in front of her to undue her shorts and slide them down her legs as she stepped out of them and discarded her sandals. Her bikini panties were hiding my awaiting treasure as I reached up to slide them off her hips and down off her legs. The site was worth the wait! There in front of me was a bald sweet young pussy that was aching for my tongue to slip inside. I reached around her ass to glide my hands over her firm ass and pull her closer to my face so I could get a sent of her pussy.

I looked up at her face to see that her head was thrown back and her mouth was open so I flicked my tongue through her lips which caused her to shake, quiver, and give her an orgasm as juices started to flow so licked her clean just as her knees started to buckle. I caught her and held her up as I stood up and kissed her passionately with us exchanging tongues and her pussy juices. I lowered my head to get a look at the cherry red nipples and huge areolas which covered those magnificent melons. My tongue washed the nipples first followed by my lips which inhaled each nipple causing a loud moan from Anne.

"Let's enjoy the water." I whispered as my tongue washed across her neck.

I took her hand and we walked down the stairs into the cool water which made her white body look even lighter as we swam around splashing and joking. We met in the middle up against one of the sides to kiss and embrace to absorb each others soft skin. Anne wrapped her self around me with her legs locked behind my ass as I was holding her up while our kissing started to heat things up.

"Honey, lets dry off so we can move somewhere it's a lot more comfortable and I can show you what I can really do to your young body."

"Oh Liz, should we be doing this?"

"Didn't you enjoy what just happened?"

"Yeh, that was great!"

"Well then we're both consenting adults if that's what is troubling you."

Anne smiled and slipped her tongue in my ear and whispered to me. "Can you teach me too?"

"I'll expect you to become my ace student honey!"

Five minutes later after drying off she was helping me turn our king size bed down to just the bottom sheet and her nipples and mine were so fucking hard they could pierce steel or put someone's eye out if they weren't careful. I laid down first and Anne joined me in my arms as we started kissing in anticipation as to what was next. I worked my way down to her tits kissing them softly all over making love to them without touching her nipples which I soon attacked, sucking on them making her moan. My hands never left her tits as I slid my tongue down her stomach kissing and licking every nook and cranny making sure she felt her excitement building before I blew a soft warm breath over her pussy lips. I drew my hands down her body as lightly as I could making goose bumps appear all over her skin!

My mouth now right over her pussy was ready to attack but I slowed down and nibbled on her pussy lips as I massaged outside them softly tracing my tongue around them down to her thighs. More moans and an increase in heavy breathing told me I was doing just fine! Her pussy was looking so sweet and succulent that my heart started racing making my thinking ability hard to focus on what I was planning. Where should I go next when I spotted that gorgeous fresh pucker hole and I was in heaven! I pushed her legs up towards her chest and told her to hold them as I kissed her ass cheeks swirling my tongue around heading towards her asshole which I deposited a wad of spit on to help ease my tongue into her rosebud. At my first touch she let out a soft sexy squeal so I wet a finger and gently eased it in followed by a second digit. My fucking pussy was on fire and hers was glistening with moisture! I left the two fingers in her ass as I worked my tongue into her glistening pussy looking for her hood and clit with my free hand. I took two fingers and pushed her hood open to spy a very pink and red bullet staring at me. I had found the promised land! My tongue now had a mind of its own as it licked and swirled around her clit so I worked it for a while before she started to scream so I sucked it into my lips as she had a violent orgasm rocking the bed. I fingered her ass and plopped my fingers out and replaced them with my tongue which snaked its way into her ass! She was moaning and screaming cumming in flows soaking my face, her pussy, thighs, with her ass drenched!

"Lizzzzzzzz Please stop or I'll pass out!" she screamed.

I licked up as much juice as I could find sliding my way up her body to plant a sloppy kiss so she could taste her self which she accepted and licked my face clean. She smiled at me.

"Holy shit Liz that was the most incredible experience I've ever had!"

"So you liked that honey? Do you think you could do that to me?"

Ten minutes later I was experiencing what Anne had just gone through as my student was a fast learner. She was cleaning out my pussy with her tongue when she pulled her face away and opened my lips as far apart as they could go and dropped some spit on my gash and started to insert one finger at a time until four were gently stuffed inside. Slowly she began a rhythm fucking me with her fingers while asking me if I was happy with her.

"Oh Anne, you're doing just fine honey. Please suck on my tits while you fuck me. Please?"

I was getting close to another earth shattering orgasm as she picked up speed and I came all over her hand bucking my hips and trashing all over the place. In a few minutes I had come back to reality.

"Wow honey that was great. Have you ever had sex with a woman or a man before this?"

"No Liz. I just read a lot."

"Honey I've got another surprise for you if you're up to it?"

Anne looked deep into my eyes, smiled very seductively and said. "The only thing left is for you to fuck me and you don't have a dick."

"Guess again honey" as I rolled over to my night stand and pulled out a real life like penis dildo.

Her eyes grew wide in either fear or anticipation as I showed her my trophy slowly rotating around.

"Is that what a real cock looks like?"

"Honey this is a replica of my husband's nice, beautiful, hard, throbbing, pussy pounding cock. I fuck this thing! Suck this thing! Shove it up my ass when he's pounding away on my pussy and occasionally if the opportunity arises; fuck some woman with it."

Anne took it slowly from my hand and examined every inch. The balls were hanging and the pee hole was open and she licked it like a lolly pop which caused my pussy to throb thinking about me doing her with this.

"Would you like to fuck this cock honey? How about I use a thin dildo on you first and pop your cherry and then you can move up to this?"

"Will it hurt?"

"Some discomfort penetrating the hymen but after that you'll get accustomed to everything."

She went into the bathroom and came out with a towel and I found the lube and my anal dido which was somewhat thinner. Anne spread out the towel under her ass and I lubed her pussy and the dildo and slowly inserted it into her until I reached some resistance. I asked her if she wanted to do the rest and shook her head no so I pushed quickly and I was through and she let out a small howl so I stopped and wiped her forehead and kissed her lips.

"You ok sweetie. I'm going to fuck you for a few minutes very slowly so you can get used to this feeling and we'll clean you up and then you can slide this big boy up there." I was stroking her pussy with the dildo and she asked about what it felt like to have a load of cum squirt in there. I explained about the warm feeling and the juices running around and explained it was better swallowing one because you get the taste and the enjoyment of knowing what pleasure you gave to you man.

"I t will be a while before I experience that."

"Sooner than you think my dear. Let's get you cleaned out."

After we returned from the bathroom I told her to lie on the bed and I would lube the cock for her which I did by sucking, licking, and throating all the way to the base. I thought her eyes were going to fall out as I swallowed the entire length!

"Fuck Liz that was incredible watching you deep throat that thing."

"Don't worry honey in due time you'll be a pro at it also!"

Once it was wet I applied the lube to her pussy and eased the cock into her opening making sure I had brushed it up and down her clit getting her inner juices ready for some cock and fucking. I could tell by her facial expression she was ready so I pushed on it inching in ever so carefully until the head and some shaft were in before starting my stroke. Anne's face was showing pure bliss so I stroked longer getting about three quarters of it in her pussy. 

"Liz baby, I'm in heaven right now. Is it all the way in yet?"

I looked up at her and told her it was going to be in a minute or two as I looked for the anal dildo and lube. What the hell I might as well push her right over the edge on her first fuck! Everything was prepared as I lubed the dildo and her pretty little rosebud.

"Honey, I'm going to give you the thrill of your young life so enjoy the ride." I began stroking the cock at a quickened pace sliding the entire length into her now enlarged pussy and slipped the anal dildo right up her ass and had both going at top speed when the wave hit her.

"Fuck I'm cumming!" was all I heard before her eyes rolled back and her breath came in short gasps. I stopped instantly! Did I fucking kill her was all that went through my mind! Her eyes rolled back down and her mouth opened slowly to release and incredible moan as her body had a mind blowing spasm.

"Anne. Are you Ok?"

"What the hell did you do to me? My pussy is still tingling and my ass feels like it should be sucking something in! What an orgasm I had!" She reached up and gave me a hug and a big kiss before falling back on the bed. I reached for the cock but she stopped me and slid it out holding it up and admiring how shiny it was with all that pussy juice covering it. Anne brought it to her lips and licked it slowly before she opened her mouth wide and ever so gently eased about half down her throat cleaning off a lot of juice.

"Care for some Liz."

I laid next to her and we shared her juices on that cock! I almost forgot that the other dildo was in her ass as I extracted that which caused another gush of cum to leak down her ass from her pussy as Anne let out another soft sigh. We rested for a while and cleaned up before returning to the bed for one last surprise.

"Anne. Would you like to taste a man's cum?" She looked at me like I had three heads and I said I wasn't joking.
