 Days Away 1 

Dan was on a business trip to Melbourne. Anne accompanied him to shop and socialize with the business partners. 

Some months ago, Anne and John (the part owner of the local Bistro) had become lovers, later to be joined by her partner Dan. Grace who worked with John had become his lover. She had also introduced Anne to the wonders of girl on girl loving. They had all become firm friends and playmates.

Holiday time was due to Dan. The two couples from Rangers Head decided to meet up and spend a few days on the Mornington Peninsula. 

The area south east of Melbourne was a playground for tourists with Golf, Surf, Wineries and fine food. John had used his hospitality industry contacts to get the loan of a lodge on Cape Schanck, with views over the beach and the wild seas of the Bass Strait.

Dan and Anne met John and Grace off the plane. The four headed south in the Limo that Dan had rented. John was in the front and the two girls were in the backseat discussing Anne's recent shopping spree. The highway they were following took them through St Kilda with the flashing lights of the sex shops on the hoardings beside the road, beckoning customers. 

Grace whispered something to Anne who then leaned towards the front of the car. 

"Stop the car lover! Pull up over there," she called out. "Grace and I have shopping to do. We won't be a minute, so don't you boys go sneaking off into any massage parlors." 

Anne and Grace alighted from the car heading towards the brightly lit adult shop, laughing and giggling as they went.

They emerged fifteen minutes later with two large bundles putting them in the trunk. Intrigued the two men watched as they then headed to the back seat. Grace however, opened the passenger door and motioned for John to get into the rear seat. 

"Hop in here, John" said Grace. "Anne and I will warm you up for half an hour as we drive to the supermarket. After that it will be Dan's turn." 

John with a wide smile winked at Dan and quickly moved to the middle back seat with a lady on either side. No sooner had they pulled back on to the highway when Anne leaned over and began to kiss John and nibble at his neck. 

John stirred, shifting his position as the strength and sensual intent of the kisses began an erection that was tenting his trousers. He felt Grace's hands begin to loosen his belt and unzip his trousers. 

"There, there," she said. "We can't have you all bent up and uncomfortable ." 

She began stroking and handling his unfolding cock, freeing it from the constraints of his under shorts. Grace reached into her handbag bringing out some lube, applying it to the tip of John's rapidly engorging cock.

Anne now kneeling on the car seat continued kissing and caressing John, whilst slowly unbuttoning his shirt and fondling the light down of chest hairs. 

As she pressed up against John's arm he felt her soft breast, unconstrained by a bra, mould itself around his upper arm. 

"What did you girls do in the shop?" he asked, as he placed his left hand under Anne's free floating blouse cupping her dangling right breast.

"Nothing much," answered Grace. "Whilst we were in the shop we decided to take off our underclothes, as we would not be needing them for the rest of the week. At the same time we decided to enliven our journey by having a little man feast in the back seat."

John sighed as he settled back in the seat to become the meat in the sex sandwich. 

Dan, weaving through the rush hour traffic said, "This should give some commuters an exciting trip home."

Grace began to stroke John. Her lube covered hand racing back and forth between his balls and the engorged rim at the base of his cockhead. Her hand would then slowly roll up and over the sensitive glans, then back down the length of his now rock hard member. After a minute of this intense treatment, Grace slowed and turned her attention to his balls which she kneaded and stroked as she measured their fullness. 

"My, my, Anne feel this!" said Grace. 

Anne reached down with her free hand and felt John's balls. They were full, large and heavy.

She turned to Grace and said. "What a load, we will have to ease that or else he will blow within five minutes, after start playing when we get to the lodge. He then will be useless to us for the rest of the evening." 

Dan listening to this from the front and at the same time watching snatches of the action in the rear view mirror, released one hand from the wheel and grasped, through his trousers, his own full balls and engorging cock. He gave a wry smile hoping he would likewise, soon be treated to the same backseat workover. 

The girls turned their attention to John. Changing positions, Grace lifted her blouse and exposed her hard nipples thrusting one into John's face for him to suck and lick. Anne bent down to John's well worked glistening cock and with her soft full lips enfolded the cock head, gently licking and sucking the swollen gland. John's back arched with the transfer of pleasure along his spine and his head slammed back into the headrest.

Grace moved, presenting first the left then the right boob to John's mouth. 

They were stopped at traffic lights. The driver to the left, staring long and hard with a "Wish I was there look'' on his face caught Grace's eye. He gave her a thumbs up. The lights changed and they sped away. 

"His wife will be in for a surprise when he gets home" said Grace. "She probably will wonder why he came in and bent her over the kitchen bench, unloading into her before he kissed her hello."

John with two hands free, reached under the skirt of the woman sucking gently on his cock. He stroked her knicker free ass globes and the hand followed around the back of her thighs. He traced the outline of Anne's labia with his probing fingers. 

The other hand he drove up from the seat between Grace's thighs, as she knelt on the seat beside him, slipping two fingers straight into her wet hole. She grunted and bore down on the probing digits, rotating her hips to settle them in.

John, with his left hand, continued his stroking of Anne's labia. He moved a little deeper pushing it open, his fingers stroking the soft pink flesh of the outer vulva. Anne sighed and wiggled her up thrust arse with suppressed pleasure. John, wanting to see more took his finger out, flicked Anne's skirt up and over her back, exposing her soft curved arse to his loving gaze. He reinserted his fingers into Anne's quim and resumed his stroking.

"Five minutes to the market." Dan warned.

The girls looked at each other, smiled and swapped positions again. Anne put her softened lube covered lips to John's nipple sucking and teasing it to full erection, while stroking and pinching the other, until it also was aroused. 

Grace seized John's cock in her mouth and with sucking lips and bobbing head began to seek his load.

John's hands roamed over the parts of the girl's bodies that were exposed. His fingers now pushed up into Anne's warm wet vagina resting there, while she humped up and down, her hips grinding the fingers over her pleasure points.

Grace was having her breasts fondled and nipples squeezed as John reacted to the pleasure attack by moving his hips and trying to thrust up into Grace's vacuum cleaner mouth.

It soon became too much, the cum in his well filled balls began its inevitable journey up his seminal tubes. John threw his head back and his hands fell away from the girls' bodies as pleasure overtook his being. With a loud grunt he fired his load into the back of Grace's throat.

Anne seeing this dropped her hand down, grasping the base of John's cock milking the flowing stream into Grace's eager mouth. Both girls worked together to clean and dress John. He was serene and decent as they pulled into the parking lot of the market. 

Anne and Grace went to do food shopping while Dan and John took themselves to the liquor store for champagne, whisky and beer. Twenty minutes later they were back at the car and the goods were loaded. 

John took the wheel to drive them to the lodge. Dan was pushed into the backseat by the laughing ladies. Time was short and they set to work with a will, before they were even out of the parking lot.

Anne starting from the top, removing Dan's shirt while whispering and nibbling in his ear. "You are going to be fucked by me with the able assistance of Grace, so hang on to your hat and be ready to be ridden."

Grace leaned forward, reached round and operated the button that moved the empty front passenger seat fully forward. She then moved into the empty space, positioning herself on the floor between Dan's now clothes free legs. 

Leaning forward she took Dan's half erect penis into her mouth and sucked it to full erection. 

Anne lifted her skirt and bunched it in front of her. She straddled Dan facing him, kneeling on the seat of the car. Grace from her vantage point in the floor well, grasped Dan's cock placing the pink tip just inside the mouth of Anne's pulsing vagina. 

Grace tapped Anne twice on the bottom. At this signal Anne slumped down impaling herself on Dan's throbbing cock.

Dan reacted with a moan of pleasure as he felt his cock engulfed by Anne's warm wet pussy. Dan looked up into the rearview mirror to see John looking back at him. 

John smiled.

Anne began to rock forward and back rubbing Dan's cock head along the pulsing walls of her vagina. Grace amused herself by fondling Dan's straining balls with one hand and with the other, rubbing the puckered brown ring of Anne's arsehole as it bobbed in front of her face. 

Grace stopped rubbing and placed an index finger alongside Dan's cock allowing both to be swallowed by Anne's pussy. Two strokes and it was wet enough. She withdrew, placing the finger on Anne's brown ring. As Anne plunged down onto John's cock, the finger forced its way through the tight sphincter into Anne's pink rectum. Anne yelled with the shock and then settled down with the exquisite feeling in her arse transferring to her vaginal walls, where they set about milking Dan's cock with extra vigor.

Grace, from her vantage point was the conductor grasping Dan's balls. Feeling him pass the point of no return, Grace tapped Anne on the bottom. Anne immediately lifted up freeing Dan's cock, this allowed her generous boobs to cover Dan's face.

Smoothly transitioned from pussy to mouth, Grace sucked hard squeezing Dan's balls, feeling them lift into his body as they pumped into her mouth. She sucked and swallowed till nothing more flowed. Lifting her head she was able to lick Anne's dangling labia clean of her leaking juices. 

John turned into the driveway of the lodge. The three in the back remained slumped on top of each other as they regained their breath and came down from their respective highs. 

Grace gave a throaty laugh and said. "I'm not hungry now after two thick shakes on the way down here." 

Anne smilingly replied "As planned, Grace, we worked well making sure the boys were quickly worked over and empty when we arrived. We did not want you guys to come fast and fall asleep on our first night. We can all look forward now to an extended session with you guys able to keep us high, till we all come long and deep."

The car stopped and as they gathered to empty the trunk of clothes and supplies. Grace embraced them all and said, "Anne and I want this week to be full of laughter and lust, as we eat well, drink the lovely local wines and make love with gay abandon, when and where the mood takes us. Alone, in couples or in groups as we have a time away from the pressures of work so we can explore our feelings for each other, and by sharing all, grow closer together."

The two couples entered the lodge, burdened down with their luggage and provisions. Placing everything in the gleaming modern kitchen, they moved to explore the remainder of their borrowed love nest. 

They gaped in awe at the open plan lower floor with a modern kitchen and solid wood dining table. The sunken lounge faced the glass wall with views over the treetops to the ocean. A large fireplace was set into the side wall and a home theatre system with a wide screen TV dominated the other.

Upstairs they were pleased to discover that the top floor was again an open plan sleeping area with two king size beds facing each other in the middle section. The back end was a double shower with toilet and wash basins behind a sliding clear glass screen. 

The upper front section was floor to ceiling, glass sliding doors, opening to a wide verandah containing a spa, barbeque grill and outdoor furniture. The view from this height took in the beach and Cape Schanck with the light house on top of the bare hilltop. There was not another house in sight and the beach bordered by high dunes was deserted. 

A path to the beach wound off through the stunted trees and sand dunes.

The couples looked at each other not believing their luck in being allowed the use of such a perfect haven. Wordlessly, the two men began undressing their partners and then themselves. They bundled the clothes into the closet. 

Dan turned and said. "We won't be needing those until we leave on Friday, unless we have to go out to shop or play Golf." 

The two men offered to prepare a light dinner and the ladies repaired to the spa, where they fondled each other and discussed the planned evening activities.

An antipasto was presented with crusty bread and a fine local sparkling Pinot Noir. Everyone gathered around on the veranda and sat enjoying the sunset with the first flashes of the lighthouse spreading its beam across the wave tops. 

Anne and Grace moved to the edge of the veranda where they leant against the rail and sipped their drinks. Dan stood behind Grace and John stood behind Anne both of them snuggled their groins into the rounded bottoms presented by the leaning ladies. All four admired the view as the sky darkened and the stars appeared. The lights of a cargo ship sparkled in the ocean as it headed east for the Tasman Sea.

Hormones began to have their effect as the sway of the women's bottoms rubbing against the men's groins worked wonders, their recovering penises beginning to swell and push against the ladies pudenda.

Grace leaned forward, bending her shapely legs and allowed Dan's cock to bed home in her sweet pussy. 

Anne allowed John's erect member to slip home, gave him a squeeze with her vagina and said "My lips remember that from an hour ago. Welcome back." 

All four continued to look at the view, not moving, comfortable and relaxed. 

Anne ground her arse in a circular motion, feeling John's cock fill her to almost capacity. "Let's play a game," she said. " Dan and John take three strokes each before moving to the next partner, no touching with hands. The first one to cum has to stand away, and allow the others to continue until we have all orgasmed."

Not a word was spoken as the two men placed their glasses on the railing and slowly drew back and began stroking in and out of their lover's now clasping pussies. 

Both men completed their first three thrusts and moved to the next partner. 

Anne held her arse cheeks apart and allowed Dan to slip home gently. 

Grace bent and spread her legs allowing John to slip up and into her. The collision of their bodies caused a loud squelch as John's cock forced cream from Grace's now flowing love tunnel. 

Three more strokes and change pussies. 

Grace and Anne were anticipating the feel of the different shaped and length penises. 

Dan's shorter thicker member stretched their pussies and allowed them a feeling of being comfortably filled. 

John's cock penetrated deeply knocking against their cervix and, was thin enough to allow them to squeeze in on it with the muscular walls of their Vagina's. 

The men in their turn enjoyed similar feelings to the ladies as their cock's in turn filled different cunts. 

John loved the way he could bury himself in Anne's pussy feeling the softness and warmth of her arse cheeks, as her pussy softly enveloped him, her pubic hairs gently tickling his balls. 

Dan in his turn, enjoyed the way Grace would move her thighs back and forth causing his cock to rotate in her tight wet cunt. 

He longed to return to Anne however, where buried to the hilt, his balls swinging against her thighs and the glint of the moonlight on her raven hair. He felt completely at home. 

The circulation of the men behind the curved arses of the ladies continued for twenty minutes, with sips of bubbly being taken as they passed by their glasses. 

Grace was the first to feel the approach of her orgasm. She gritted her teeth and tensed but, this only caused the muscles of her pussy to squeeze harder on the alternate cocks as they presented themselves and sped her journey to ecstasy.

Grace bent lower rotating her arse allowing her labia to rub over her swollen clit as the men feeling the intensity of the pussy contractions increase, pushed their cocks in hard and deep. 

Grace arched her back and pushed back into John's waiting cock. Three quick hard strokes and he was away to be replaced by Dan's. 

On the second stroke of Dan's cock, Grace felt her orgasm crashing in. She squealed with frustration as she felt Dan finish his third stroke and pull out of her now twitching clasping pussy. 

John stepped into the breach and having to grasp Grace's hips to steady his aim plunged deep into Grace and held his cock still.

Grace went ballistic, arching her body her head went down to the veranda rail. Her boobs swung from side to side, her hips beat a tattoo against John's groin. 

John stayed as still as possible and said. "Only one stroke so far, I will let her finish on me so she won't have any more interruptions." 

With that he anchored himself not moving or thrusting as Grace exploded, juice squirting from her pussy and running down John's legs, as she climaxed long and hard.

Dan stayed anchored inside Anne's clasping pussy as the lovers watched Grace explode on the end of John's rod. 

Grace quietened and with long slow strokes, John finished his second and third thrust in the now relaxed, leaking, post orgasmic pussy. 

Grace slowly ungloved her pussy from around John's now twitching cock. 

"I don't mind being the first to cum tonight as, I figure, there will be plenty of opportunities to catch up in the days ahead." 

Taking her glass she moved unsteadily to the outdoor lounge and sat down turning her gaze to Anne and the two men.

Dan finished his second and third pump in Anne and allowed John to take over. 

Dan needed the rest. For, in watching Grace orgasm, and feeling Anne's reaction to it through the walls of her clasping pussy, he had nearly spent his load then and there.

John after just surviving Grace's climax was the nearest of the trio to orgasm. 

Anne realising this began to do subtle things with her hips and the walls of her pussy to make John the next to forfeit. 

When it was Dan's turn she offered no resistance. No encouragement was given and Dan was able to relax and lose the urgency to shoot his cum.

After three more turns at Anne's ravenous quim, John could stand no more and with a groan of defeat tinged with raw elation he shot deep into Anne's clutching sex. Dan standing close, nearly shot his wad into the air as he watched their friend spend himself into the vagina of his lover.

Dan moved in behind his lover and maintaining the rhythm of the three strokes then rest, began to bring Anne to her peak. 

Anne bringing her legs together pushed back from the rail and at the same time lowered her head almost to knee height while clasping the top of the rail with her outstretched hands. She was able to bend so as maximise the presentation of her clit to Dan's cock and balls.

The position adopted by Anne allowed Dan's cock head to run along the back wall of her vagina. This spelt the end for Dan as his cock began to spasm and his balls pump their load, spray painting the inside of Anne's cunt with cum. 
