 This is my Christmas Story, but it took a life of it's own and took a bit longer to finish than expected. Hope everyone enjoys it.

*

Lauren watched her younger brother play basketball with his best friend, Jeremiah. At twenty-one , they were only six years her junior. She had just come home for college, only to find that both her step brother and friend had grown into very attractive young men. Garth was the shorter of the two. But he still towered over her 5'10" height. And Jeremiah actually made her feel like a midget with his 6'7" frame. It was obvious that both men had played basketball in high school. It showed with ease that they handled the ball and chased each other around the court. She sighed with pleasure as she watched them move. She knew that she shouldn't have such thoughts about her younger step brother and friend but she was only human. And it didn't help that she had already been away at college when their parents had married two years ago. Garth had never felt much like a younger brother to her. More like a friend of a friend. Now that she had finally moved back home, she was going to be around for the holidays. And she knew exactly what she wanted most from Santa. She wanted one night alone with these two sexy men. She had fantasized about having two men at one time. But had never found two men that had struck her fancy at the same time. So maybe with Santa's help she could have what she wanted.

Little did Lauren know that Santa was indeed watching and knew exactly what the naughty little girl wanted and how to get it for her. He was more than willing to grant the little vixen's request. It helped that Santa also knew that both Garth and Jeremiah wanted the same thing. He was just going to add a few stipulations to granting her request. Turning towards Mrs. Claus, he winked at her. 

"Oh dear, Kris, what are you planning now?" She asked with a laugh.

"Something that will be lots of fun for both of us." He said wickedly.

"Oh, I can't wait." 

"Who said anything about waiting?" Kris asked huskily before dragging her unprotesting into his arms.

Lauren sat in front of her vanity, running a brush through her ebony hair, when the mirror shimmered slightly and an attractive older man appeared. Gasping she spun around expecting to see him behind her.

"Lauren, dear, turn around." Spinning back around she stared at the mirror in amazement. He was still in the reflective surface.

"I don't understand." She whispered " How are you here?"

"Don't ask about how, Lauren, you should be asking why." The man replied. 

"Who are you?" She asked.

"You call me Santa, but I prefer to be called Kris." Lauren looked at him in disbelief, he didn't look like any Santa that she had ever seen. From his sexy white hair to his old tennis shoes he looked like a model. Where was the chubby old elf, whose lap she had sat on every Christmas? "And I know what you want for Christmas." He continued, "Such naughty thoughts you have been having. You have been very good this year, so I am going to grant your wish."

"My wish?" Lauren asked as heat rose to her face.

"Yes. You want a night to do some very naughty things with your brother and friend." She gasped as the heat spread throughout her body. She had never been so embarrassed. 

"Oh my god." She whispered.

"I'm going to make sure that it happens, Lauren dear. If you want it to. And as long as you agree to a few of my terms."

"Terms?"

"Yes. Nothing that will hurt you or embarrass you, Lauren. It's just that Gloria and I would like to watch you and your young men."

"Gloria?"

"Mrs. Claus." He said with a smile as he pulled his wife into the mirror with him. She was attractive brunette with silver threads running through her hair.

"I would love to take you up on your offer, Kris but I don't want them to desire me just because you are granting my wish. I'm not that desperate."

"Oh Child, if you only knew the thoughts those young men are having about you." Kris said softly.

"Really?" She asked, doubt on her face.

"Yes, Garth has had fantasies about fucking the hell out of you since the first time that his father introduced him to you and your mother. And Jeremiah. Well, lets just say, the things that young man wants to do with you should be outlawed."

"Oh my." She said as she left her panties dampen.

"So all you have to do is say yes," Kris continued, "and it's done."

"Providing that I let you and Gloria watch me."

"Yes."

"When?"

"Christmas Eve, of course."

"But don't you have to deliver gifts to the children?" She asked, not wanting to mess up Christmas for the kids.

"Let me worry about that, Lauren. I have more than enough time to do both. So do we have a deal?" He asked softly.

"Yes." She whispered, hardly believing her daring. 

Later that night Kris decided it was time to visit Garth. He seemed to be a pleasant enough young man. He hadn't lied to Lauren. In fact when he interrupted the lad, he was busy stroking his meat. Fantasizing about his sexy older sister had him ready to spray his wad all over his chest and stomach. Kris decided that he would let him finish. After only experiencing blue balls once, he wouldn't wish that on his worst enemy. He didn't have long to wait. Within minutes the young man was twisting on his bed, muttering to himself.

"Damn it, Lauren, yes! Take my cum!" He growled as his fist flew up and down his exploding rod. Kris watched with envy as he deposited a large load on his flat stomach. A few drops even hit his chest.

"How would you like that to be real, Garth?" Kris said softly from the corner so not to startle the young man. Garth swung his head towards the voice. Squinting he barely made out the shadowy outline of a well built man.

"Who are you?" He asked groggily, still some what overcome by his explosive release.

"You can call me Kris. So how bout it? Would you like what you just experience to be real?"

"What?" Garth asked as he sat up in bed. He stared in disbelief when the man stepped out of the shadows. The man was dressed in blue jeans, a tight black shirt and had a well trimmed white beard and mustache. 

"Well, Garth it is pretty simple. Your sister Lauren asked Santa for a present this year that he couldn't refuse to give. You see, she has been such a good lass all year long. You know what she wants?"

"Lauren. Asked Santa?" He said after rubbing his eyes.

"Yes." 

"And you're Santa?" 

"Yep. Kris Kringle at your service." He said with a slight bow.

"What did she ask for?" Garth asked a finally.

"She wants an entire night alone with you." Kris said then he paused, "and your best friend."

"For what?" He asked rather stupidly.

"Don't be dumb, son. You're step sister wants you and Jeremiah to fuck her til she can't see straight."

"She wants to fuck me!" He said in disbelief.

"Yes. And your friend."

"But I'm her brother."

"Step-brother, son. There are no familial ties between you. And believe me she is well aware of that." Kris said as he walked closer to the bed.

"So what's in it for you?" Garth asked, suddenly wondering how Kris was going to profit from getting them together.

"We get to watch."

"Who's we?" Garth said nervously.

"Me and Mrs Claus."

"So you're going to watch me fuck my sister and then have Jeremiah fuck her after I'm done?"

"Oh no, lad. That's not how it's gonna work. She wants you and Jeremiah to fuck her at the same time." he explained.

"But I don't know." Garth started to protest.

"It'll be no different than the time that you both fucked little Miss Leona Redding, last summer."

"You know about that?"

"I'm Santa. I know everything that you do, Garth."

"It's hard to believe that Lauren would ask for that." 

"Watch, and see for yourself." Kris said as he nodded towards the full length mirror that was on the back of the boy's door. Garth looked closer and suddenly saw Lauren laying on her bed. He watched in awe, then with desire as he saw her shoving a large dildo in and out of her. Suddenly he could hear what she was moaning as if she was laying right next to him.

"Yes. Aw, fuck I'm gonna cum all over that cock! Fuck me Garth! Hard!" She squealed as she stroked herself closer to climax.

"Son of a-" Garth muttered, then the mirror went dark. 

"See what I mean, Garth." Kris replied. "So what will it be? Will you help me fulfill her Christmas Wish or do I have Jeremiah do it all by himself?"

"No way is Jeremiah gonna get some of that and not me!" Garth said insistently. 

"Okay, then. Be ready when I come back."

"When's that gonna be?"

"Christmas Eve, of course." Kris said before he vanished.

Kris returned home to find, Gloria laying in their large bed. He was not surprised to see a couple of the elves in bed with her. Leaning back against the door he watched as his beautiful wife, withered between the elves. One of them was laying under his wife, thrusting a large cock deep inside of her. He could hear the squeals coming from his wife's full mouth. The other elf was busy driving his own impressive cock in and out of her moaning mouth. He sighed with pleasure at the sight. He could never get enough of watching his wife being serviced by the elves. 

Gloria groaned as her orgasm slammed through her. Tony, the elf that was busy fucking her was absolutely known for his stamina in bed. Already he had fucked her through two orgasms and the third was on the horizon. She knew it was going to take much to push her over the edge.

Kris groaned low in his throat as his own manhood started to rise. Running his hand down the front of his jeans, he was startled to feel a small elfin hand already there. Glancing down he saw Laura-lynn, Tony's wife at his feet. He hadn't even noticed her when he had come in. He had been to riveted to the sight on the bed.

"Let me, Kris." She purred as she lowered the zipper on his jeans. After gently pulling out his cock, she took it into her warm mouth. He groaned loudly. If Tony was know for his stamina, his wife was definitely know for her oral abilities. 

"Christ, Laura-lynn. You don't know how wonderful that feels." Gloria stopped for a moment when she heard her husband's words. Pulling Edward's cock out of her mouth, she looked over her shoulder and saw Laura-lynn on her knees in front of Kris.

"Laura-lynn, don't forget, you promised that you would eat me after Tony fills me full of come." Gloria gasped as Tony pounded even harder into her.

"I haven't." Laura-lynn promised, returning to the steady bobbing that she knew that Kris loved.

"I don't see why she can't do both." Kris growled lifting the small elf off her knees. Spinning her around he bent her over the foot of the bed. "Turn her around, Tony." Kris ordered the red faced elf. Grunting, the elf did as Kris asked and spun a very startled Gloria around to face Kris and Laura-lynn. She cried out as Tony continued to thrust but now hitting a more sensitive spot in her yearning sex. It immediately sent her into her third orgasm of the evening. 

"Ohhh." she wailed helplessly as Laura-lynn buried her face between her spread thighs. Kris growled happily as he watched his wife shake through her orgasm. Stepping up behind the elf, he grabbed her hips and placed the head of his cock in the entrance of her cunt. Smiling in anticipation, he yanked back on her hips and buried himself deep as he could. He could hear Laura-lynn's excited squeal as she pushed back against him. He smiled wickedly at his wife. She continued to grind her hips against the insistent probing of Tony's hard cock and the wicked wetness of Laura-lynn's tongue. She didn't even seem to notice that Edward had wrapped her hand around his throbbing manhood. Without a thought she started to stroke up and down. Kris growled happily as he started to pump in and out of the moist elf. 

"What a little slut you are." Kris growled at his wife. "But I wouldn't want you any other way."

"Oh Kris, I'm gonna come!" She gasped as she squirmed helplessly against the tight hold that Laura-lynn had on her hips. 

"Yes!" He hissed as he continued to pound in out of the helpless little elf. "Make her come hard, Laura-lynn. And I'll make you come just as hard." He promised. Not that Laura-lynn needed any further encouragement. She loved spending time between her mistress's thighs. Gloria had a warm spice flavor that just drove her nuts. She greedily lapped at Gloria's hard clit and hummed softly in her throat. She gasped raggedly when Kris pounded even harder in her wet little pussy. She tried to concentrate on the pleasurable task before her but Kris had her so close to coming. It wasn't a wonder that all the female elves stood in line to get a chance at being under Santa. He was a powerful lover. And tireless one at that. She gasped as her orgasm rushed over her and she attacked the hard clit with a vengeance. She screamed softly against as she tried to push Gloria over the edge. 

"Oh shit!" Gloria cried softly as her thighs started to tremble. Kris watched with pleasure as his sexy, little wife tried to fight coming.

"Sweetheart, you know you can't win." He gritted his teeth as he felt the elf start coming all over him. "Laura-lynn is coming right now, Gloria. She's so wet and tight she's gonna make me explode." He panted. "Damn, she's got me. She's gonna push me over the edge." He gasped, knowing that talking dirty would be enough to push his wife right over the edge. 

"Oh you don't play fair." Gloria gasped as her orgasm started to tingle in her thighs. 

"Stuff your cock in her mouth, Edward. I have a feeling she is gonna yell the house down." Kris ordered as he got closer to the peak.

"Oh my god, yes, GOD DAMN IT! I'M CUMMMMMMMINNNNNG!" Gloria screamed just before Edward shoved his close to exploding cock into her mouth. 

"Oh hell, yes." Kris ground out as he lifted the Laura-lynn off the bed and stood straight up and shoved the orgasming elf up and down on his near to exploding prick. "Gonna fill that pussy full." He gasped as he edged closer to cumming. "Come, you little bitch." He ordered Laura-lynn as he continued to surge in and out of her orgasming cunt. He watched through slitted eyes as his wife thrashed around on Tony's hard working form. The elf had grabbed a hold of her hips and rolled the orgasming Gloria onto her stomach and began hammering the hell out of her. Edward was sitting back watching the scene with disbelief as Gloria attempted to suck him dry. 

"Yes!" he hissed as he started spurting in her welcoming mouth. Which in turn set off, Tony, who had been pushed to his limits.

"Oh, take it you little whore." Tony growled at Gloria as he started filling her wet little hole full of sperm. Kris watched in amazement as his wife went rigid again and started to spasm even harder. Groaning deeply he backed up against the door. Using it for support he started the hard strokes that would lead to his own eminent orgasm. He cursed softly through his teeth as his balls pulled up tight and began to unload into the moaning elf. As his long awaited orgasm rushed through him, he couldn't help but think about his up coming visit to Lauren, Garth and Jeremiah. He couldn't wait, he thought before his balls finally relaxed and he finished coming.

Jeremiah stood in the shower as his ex-girl-friend knelt at his feet and bobbed her head up and down on his semi-erect cock. She had been at for the last few minutes, with little to no response. He had tried to tell her that when he had broken it off, that what they had wasn't enough any more. But she insisted on trying to rekindle what they had. So that's how he had ended up in the shower with her kneeling before him, giving him head for the first time. He was just about to lift her off her knees and explain it to her gently that it wasn't going to work, when he felt a pair of eyes on him. Glancing up he saw an older man, with a neatly trimmed white beard wearing a pair of tight jeans with a flannel shirt that fit snugly against his rock hard chest. He was leaning against the wall next to the shower. 

"Don't worry, Jeremiah. She can't see me or hear me. Or even our conversation for that matter." Kris said as Jeremiah went to stop her bobbing head. "Don't. Let her be." Kris repeated.

"What do you want?" Jeremiah asked.

"I have a proposition for you." Kris said.

"What kind of proposition?" He asked suspiciously.

"Don't look at me like that, boy. I'm harmless. At least to the male side of the species. The female on the other hand. Well, lets just say, there's not a pair of panties that I can't get into any time I want."

"Who are you?"

"I'm Kris. Kris Kringle to be more exact."

"Santa Claus? You've got to be kidding me. Did Garth ask you to pull this gag on me?"

"No. This has to do with Lauren." Kris replied. 

"Lauren." He croaked as his cock hardened in a rush. The girl at his feet moaned happily and began to suck harder on his now erect member. 

"Yes, your best friend's step sister." Kris confirmed. "I promised to fulfill her Christmas Wish." Kris said happily as he stroked his white beard.

"Her Christmas Wish. What does that have to do with me." Jeremiah gasped as the girl continued to work his hard cock.

"Well, it has everything to do with you-damn that girl has an impressive technique." Kris observed before continuing, "With you and Garth."

"What about Garth and I?"

"Well all Lauren wants for Christmas is one night of "please screw my brains out" sex with you and Garth."

"You've got to be kidding me." Jeremiah gasped as his balls tightened in response.

"No, son. I'm not. She's as hot as a fire-cracker on the fourth of July. She doesn't think that she has any right to either of you. But she sure as hell wants both of you. At the same time." Kris paused for a moment to let it sink in. "And if you agree with my terms, I can make sure that all of you have a night to remember."

"What terms?" Jeremiah panted as he became even more aroused by the thought of tag-teaming his best friend's sister. And the fact that the girl bobbing on his hard meat was coaxing him closer to coming.

"All I ask in return is that Gloria and I get to watch."

"Let me guess. Gloria's is Mrs Claus."

"Yes. We already swing with our elves. But we have never actually been invited to watch humans screwing each others brains out."

"Oh." Jeremiah panted as reached down and grasped the young girl's head in his hands to steady her for his coming explosion.

"Imagine how intense it would be, Jeremiah, if that was Lauren at your feet and Garth was fucking her from behind. Then you realize that you're being watched by another couple who are so hot and bothered by it that they can't help but tear each others clothes off and fuck themselves silly." Kris said painting an image in the young's man head.

"Son of a bitch!" Jeremiah howled as his seed exploded into the waiting girl's mouth.

"So do we have a deal?" Kris asked as the young man tried to steady himself against the shower wall.

"Yeah, I guess so." He panted, then he sobered. "Kris, can you do anything about this." He asked referring the girl still kneeling at his feet.

"What do you want me to do?" Kris asked.

"I don't want her hurt anymore than she already is and this little episode wasn't because of her and you know that. But I don't want to get her hopes up. Can you fix so that she don't remember it?"

"Yes, I can. Actually I can replace this memory with another that in the long run will be just what she wants." Kris said with a smile. Before he did his magic though he had one more thing to explain. "I'll show up with Gloria on Christmas Eve night. At Lauren's house. Her family will be conveniently gone, except for Garth of course. Please don't disappoint me. I'm sure that Garth is more than willing to do it alone."
