 Anne's temptation leads her to cheating and then group sex. Key elements include her husband's cuckold fetish and male bisexuality.  

*****

Anne found herself anticipating her morning sessions, in a way she hadn't since she started leading the workouts at the her town's community center. One hundred years prior it had been built as a high school, but had since been closed and repurposed, but still had a first rate football field and swimming facilities. 

Her husband Joshua did stretches on the composite surface next to the outdoor exercise equipment that had been put in that summer. Today they'd done some pull ups between timed sprints and stair running up the cement bleachers that lined one side of the track surrounding the old football field, now a huge patch of lush green grass, the goal posts long since pulled out.

With the exception of Erik and her husband, the last of her class had left. It was already 7:45 am. She stretched, flexing a calf muscle as she leaned against a steel bar. Her husband looked at her and grinned as she wiggled her ass and arched her back, giving him a show meant to embarrass him in front of Erik, the new guy. She was proud of her body. She'd been a personal trainer since college where she rowed on the crew team. In high school she played both volleyball and basketball.

Anne knew her husband loved her. He attended her morning classes with her, but he'd been working so hard the past few years, the morning classes, late evening dinners and exhausted evenings seemed to be the only time they had together on the weekdays. 

Erik, looked at her husband, "Do you two cycle?" 

She found his Norwegian accent fascinating, almost as fascinating as the rippling muscles on his 6'4" frame. At first she pegged him as a former college athlete, maybe even a pro, but he said he'd just started a job in the San Francisco Bay Area and had gone to a university in Europe, the name she'd forgotten.

"A little bit, why?" Joshua answered.

"I was thinking of doing some road or mountain biking this weekend. Are you game?" he asked.

Anne was glad Joshua couldn't see into her soul because inside she was screaming for Joshua to say yes. He looked at her and she smiled, nodding her head. 

The life of a personal trainer could be a delicate balance, especially a female personal trainer doing her best trophy wife impersonation for her professional, businessman husband. Anne easily fended off the 60 year old geezers, middle aged men, and occasional 20 something, but a guy like Erik was different. She needed an arm's length between business and private life. That's why she handed clients business cards with only work contact information. That's what she'd given to Erik when she first met him.

"We can do both," Joshua said, and looked at me. "You're the trainer, what do you want to do?"

Anne was caught off guard, "I wouldn't mind doing some road, maybe climb the mountain and go to Santa Cruz? We could take a bus back."

"How far is that?" Erik asked, pulling up on his ankle behind his back. Anne caught a glance of his package and gulped, Erik smiled at her.

Anne turned embarrassed, wondering if she'd just imagined it or did Erik actually catch her looking at him. "I think it's about 40 miles, but there's a big uphill climb."

"Let's do it," Erik said. 

"I have to work tomorrow," Joshua paused as he thought, "Wait, have you ever gone surfing?"

"Surfing? That's sounds really cool, yeah, that could be great!" Erik said and he looked back at Anne and winked.

"What about work?" Anne said to her husband.

"No, that's it, you two road bike over the hill to Santa Cruz tomorrow, I'll bring the boards and wetsuits tomorrow evening, we all hole up in a hotel room and hit the waves early on Sunday."

"So Erik and I go by ourselves?" Anne smiled at Erik. 

"Go for it, I'll meet you there. It's perfect." Joshua said. "I know you need to get out more. Don't be trapped at home."

Her stomach did backflips, and she wondered if she hear her husband correctly - did he just say she should go with Erik?

Crossing the field to the parking lot, the men exchanged contact information.

"Maybe you should have Anne's number also," said Joshua, and Anne repeated it to Erik as he punched it into his phone. 

They pulled out of the parking lot together, Joshua driving. 

"Tomorrow should be fun," Joshua said.

"Absolutely," Anne said, but she sat in silence, not sure what to say to her husband. She liked Erik, she liked him a lot and it clouded her thinking. She looked up the hotel on the beach that she always wanted to go to on her smartphone.

"Should I reserve two rooms?" she asked her husband.

"Not if they have a room with two queens. Just get one of those," Joshua answered. Anne made the call, visions of Erik in his briefs filled her mind.

-

The next morning Anne was in the garage, the door open when Erik's Audi pulled into the driveway. Joshua helped him take the bike off the roof rack, and they gathered by his smartphone to chart their course. They agreed Joshua would drive his Jeep over the to Santa Cruz around 6 pm and they'd all go out for dinner. 

Anne carried a small backpack with a light summer dress, change of underwear and some sandals. They'd check into the hotel, clean up and wait for Joshua.

"Do you want me to carry that?" Erik asked, he also had a backpack with a change of clothes. 

"Sure," said Anne, careful to put the panties inside the dress so it wasn't obvious as she passed it to Erk. 

She examined his tight cycling jersey. "Is that the Norwegian Flag?" Anne asked. He looked good in his patriotic top and blue cyclist shorts.

"It sure is," he smiled, and Anne subconsciously crossed her legs as he squatted with the bag in front of him, his cock obscenely obvious under the tight fabric. 

The mounted their bikes, Joshua giving her a quick goodbye kiss before whispering, "Have fun," in her ear.

The ride through the Santa Cruz mountains was fairly easy for both of them, despite the initial rise in elevation. It was more or less a fairly steep uphill climb for the first 10 miles. They stopped briefly at the top of the mountain. There was a scenic view, complete with parking lot for tourists, and they could see a huge chunk of Silicon Valley and the southern part of San Francisco Bay.

"There's a lot of motorcyclists up here," Erik said.

"They love to ride up here. They're probably more dangerous than the cars," Anne said.

"Have you ever ridden a motorcycle?" he asked.

"Like as a passenger? Only a couple of times."

"Would you like to come up with me sometime? You could ride on the back," Erik asked.

"If my husband would let me," she smirked. 

"Don't worry about him. He wouldn't have to know," Erik laughed. 

The thought of hanging onto the back of Erik, guiding a motorcycle up the mountain and down the curvy roads excited her, and she wondered if indeed she would take him up on the offer. 

"I tell my husband everything," grinned Anne.

Erik gave her a shrug, "In Norway we don't feel it necessary to tell our spouses every little thing," and he winked at her, a sly smile on his face.

Anne giggled nervously, "We go straight down, try to make Santa Cruz for lunch, but I want to first get all the way to the beach. It's my little thing, to ride to the ocean first."

"No problem," Erik answered, taking a swig of water, "We can jump in the water before we change."

"It's cold!"

"Even better. My Viking blood likes it," and he flexed an arm for her.

They started pedaling, but it was a very easy ride as they flew down the other side of the hill. Around 11 am they rolled into a small mountain town and stopped to drink some water before making their final push into Santa Cruz. Anne felt a little tired but otherwise in decent shape. She hadn't cycled in a while and her legs ached dully. When they popped out of traffic near the boardwalk, they made a beeline for the bike racks. 

Locking up their bikes they kicked off their cycling shoes, putting them into Erik's backpack. There were rows of beach volleyball courts.

"I used to play volleyball," Anne told Erik. 

Erik looked at her, making a show of checking out her ass, "Yes, it looks like you could jump pretty high."

"Stop it!," she giggled. If only her husband could see her now. She felt free and uninhibited and didn't think twice when Erik took her hand and guided her to the water. They stepped into the hot sand in their bare feet, making it a short distance.

"Ouch ouch ouch!" yelped Anne, and Erik turned and picked her up, like a little girl in his arms, as he hustled her down to the sand that was still damp from the ocean tide.

"You are so light," Erik said, and Anne leaned back, laughing. 

"I feel like a little girl," she giggled.

"You are a little girl," he answered.

On the wet beach Erik set her down, her feet now comfortable as the cool ocean water lapped at her ankles.

"This feels so nice," she said.

"Don't tell your husband, he might get jealous," said Erik.

"He won't get jealous," she said, looking out at the pier, trying to find the Sea Lions that camped out on the pylons below.

Erik put an arm around her, and pulled her close. Anne looked up at him, eyes wide and realized what he was about to do. Trembling, she looked up into his eyes, biting her lip.

"What are you thinking?" Anne asked.

He kissed her, his lips meeting hers, and he paused, looking in her eyes, "Are you sure you tell your husband everything?"

She paused, her whole body felt like it was melting. "Shut up," she said and she leaned in and he kissed her again. She wrapped her hands around him, he was so big and powerful compared to any man she'd kissed before. 

"Let's go to the hotel room?"

This seemed to snap Anne back to reality, "We can't, I can't. I'm married."

"It's the perfect time," Erik answered, leaning down to kiss her again.

Anne's breasts heaved, her breath steady and smooth. He was right, but this was all wrong. 

"I'm sorry, we can't do this. Let's just go to the room and clean up," she said.

Erik nodded, "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to ruin things for you."

He picked her up again and walked her back across the hot sand to their bikes. In silence they made their way to the hotel, Erk standing guard over the bikes as she asked the front desk if their room was ready It was early but they had a room for them ready to go.

They brought their bikes directly to their room, picking them up so as not to soil the carpet. Anne's heart beat as Erik slid a keycard into their room's lock, and turned the handle, opening the door. They set the bikes down next to the balcony side of the room. 

"I need to take a shower," Anne said, and Erik nodded. 

"Take your time, I'm going to go downstairs to look around," Erik said.

"Sounds good," Anne agreed, and she made her way into the bathroom before peeling off her clothes. She texted her husband that they had arrived. 

By the time she emerged, Erik had already returned. She opened the restroom door gently, "Hey, can you give me my clothes in your bag?"

"Sure," he said, "Oh, what are these?"

"Just hand them over," Anne said, and he handed her the dress, but not the panties.

"My panties?" she called out.

"You can come and get them," Erik's sweet voice called. out.

Anne threw on the dress, combing out her hair and pulling it back into a pony tale. She walked out, and Erik was sitting on at the little table in the corner, two glasses of wine already poured, her panties spinning on his finger.

"Very nice," he grinned.

"Give them here," Anne said, holding out her hand.

"How about I put them on you? That would be different, you could tell your husband I didn't take off your panties, I only put them on."

Anne laughed at the thought, it was clever.

Using both hands, Erik held out the panties, ready for her to step in. She pushed down her dress, not letting him see up her skirt as she gently put feet through the openings, then trembling, she stood as Erik slowly pulled the panties up, onto her hips. 

"Have a glass of wine," he said and she took it, smiling.

"Erik, I'm sorry. I think I made a mistake coming here with you."

"Anne, even if nothing more happens," he paused, thinking, Don't worry about it. What is meant to happens, it happens."

"Nothing is going to happen," she said.

Erik disappeared into the shower, Anne cursing her husband for sending her on the trip. She liked Erik, found his brash attitude sexy, but she wasn't going to be a cheater.

She opened the sliding glass door to a balcony overlooking at the ocean. She leaned against the railing, her thoughts wandering to how to spend the next few hours. She was a bit tired and wondered if Erik would let her sleep in peace. After a few minutes she heard the door opened and turned to ask Erik how much he paid for the room.

He was standing only in a towel, and she gasped as she saw him naked. He grinned at her.

"You seem to be having second thoughts Anne," he smiled and dropped his towel.

His long hard cock bobbed in front of him and Anne put her hand to her mouth and screamed, not in terror, but in surprise. It was monstrous compared to her husband's cock, uncut, and thick. Erik walked over to her, and reached out for her hand, and gently guided it to his hard cock.

Anne grinned and wrapped her hand around the warm shaft. 

"Well, maybe, just with my hand okay?" she said, looking up at Erik who smiled.

She stroked the enormous member, mesmerized by it's size. Fluid dribbled out and she used it as lubrication, spreading around his shaft as Erik closed his eyes. 

Anne settled into a pattern, both hands now on his penis as she slid her hands up and down the shaft. She looked up as Erik's breathing became strong, and she giggled. He looked down at her.

"The bed?" he asked.

"Okay," she said, and he laid down on one of the queen sized beds. She kneeled next to him, sitting on her legs which she folded under her in a somewhat lame attempt to conserve her wifely dignity, not letting him see under her dress as she stroked him. 

She swallowed hard, wondering if she could lick it, and it seemed Erik read her mind as he said, "Nobody has to know Anne."

He reached out, his hand stroking her leg, but she was firm, "You can't touch my pussy Erik, I have a husband."

"It's the perfect time, let's make love" he said.

Anne found herself giggling, desperately wanting him to take her, but resisting as best she could, "You can't put it in my pussy," but she shifted and spread her legs for him as his fingers made contact with her vulva. 

She gasped, "Just your fingers, I can't have sex with you.."

Her voice trailed off as her breathing became strong and labored.

She leaned over and put his head into her mouth, his impossibly slippery fluid spreading its salty taste on her tongue. He couldn't fuck her if she sucked him, she rationalized as her marital vows crumbled.

She wanted him to come. She wanted to taste him in her mouth and she quickened the pace of her hands, jerking him in quick short motions. Erik moaned and paused his strokes between her legs, and she knew he was close. She rotated and pumped her hands, trying to take more of his cock into her mouth. 

She reached down with her right hand and cupped his balls, feeling the pressure as she caressed them tenderly. Even his goddamn balls were huge, she thought, amazed. Suddenly his body jerked and she felt the spasm in his shaft and knew it was about to happen.

She held her lips tight against his shaft as sperm squirted into her mouth. As the hot liquid filled her mouth she continued coaxing it from his shaft. She shifted, accidently letting a small quantity of pearly white fluid slide escape her lips. When she was satisfied he'd finished, she removed her mouth from his shaft, careful to keep her lips sealed and swallowed.

"That was nice," Erik smiled. 

Anne pulled his hand to her groin. "Please!" she moaned, concentrating on his fingertips as they brushed the fabric of her panties. 

"Lie down," Erik said and she happily leaned back, her head on the soft white pillow. He bent down low, and her eyes widened as he pulled the front of her dress down, her small pert nipples exposed to him. He paused, deftly licking her right breast.

"Oh my God,"she gasped as Erik's lips teased her hard nub, while at the same time his hand again made contact between her legs. He no longer teased her through the cotton fabric, but slid his fingers under the hem of her panties. Anne's legs thrashed as he made contact with her clit, gently massaging into her tight slit.

She trembled as Erik's fingers massaged her deep inside, the hook of his finger rhythmically pressing against her clit.

"I'm coming," she yelped, and the spark, deep in her lower belly burned brighter until her orgasm exploded and she kicked her legs, holding his hand against her groin as she came. She shook, arching her back in ecstasy as the feelings coursed through her body.

Erik withdrew his fingers and smiled at her.

"Oh what have we done?," Anne said.

"Sometimes we need somebody other than our husband to really make things happen," Erik said, and kissed her nipple again.

"Jesus, what am I going to tell my husband."

"You don't have to tell him anything, or you can tell him everything," Erik answered. He'd shifted position, and nuzzled her from behind.

The combination of the long ride and release of sexual tension took their toll, and they both drifted off to sleep. It was almost five they awoke to a knock. Knowing it was probably Joshua, Erik threw on his clothes and she got up quickly and ran to the door.

He leaned in to kiss her and she kissed him back, conscious of the reason for her dry mouth.

"Nice room," Joshua said as she led him inside where Erik sat, rising to shake his hand. "Maybe I should have just picked you up tomorrow morning," 

"I tried everything Joshua, but I couldn't get her to sleep with me," Erik joked.

Anne gave Erik her dirtiest look, but he shrugged and as Joshua turned to her she quickly smiled ear to ear. She felt like a fraud.

After putting the surfboards and gear in the room, the three of them walked to a restaurant that Joshua liked, inland on main street. It was only a ten minute walk, but Erik did most of the talking, recounting to Joshua the ride. Anne remained silent, afraid to say anything until she heard Erik's version of events post arrival at the beach.

Joshua ordered a bottle of wine, and they all sipped as they waited for their order, Anne deciding it was time to start speaking or risk looking foolish and deceitful. By the end of their meal everybody was joking and it seemed somewhat normal. 

Joshua said he knew of a great bar and they stopped for another couple of drinks. They sat at a booth, Erik filling them with tales about drinking and womanizing in Norway, and Anne could see Joshua was fascinated, trading stories himself. 

Joshua surprised Anne a little bit, getting into a conversation where he said things like, "Norwegian girls are so hot, why would you come here?"

Erik laughed, saying in the stilted syntax of a non-native speaker, "I don't know, Anne here compares very favorably to Norwegian women."

Anne blushed.

"How do I compare to Norwegian men?" Joshua joked, winking at Anne.

Shocked, Anne said, "Um, this is just a crazy conversation, I'm not saying anything."

Both men laughed and the boys ordered more drinks. Anne, against her better judgement, tried to keep up with them.

Anne stumbled out of the bar with Joshua and Erik a couple of hours later.

Joshua held her up as she walked, but she kept thinking about Erik, and she said, "Maybe if you both hold my hand I'll be okay."

She reached out and walked between the two of them, drunk, but her heart beat in her throat.
