 My name is Will. I am in my 50's and married to a wonderful woman named Lori. As a lot of you married couples may have done, we had discussed our fantasies and possibly opening up our marriage but had not taken that step yet. I got to know Annette who is a friend I had met online and as luck would have it, she was coming to town soon. She is a pharmaceutical rep and travels a lot and she was going to be in our town this weekend! 

As if the timing was planned, my wife was going to be out of town visiting her family on the East coast so this might turn into an interesting weekend! Annette was a very sexual friend based on her words which is basically all I had for proof, but I trusted her. We had been corresponding through email after her nice comments on one of my erotic story posts. 

We have been email chatting, sharing our marriage situations, sexual desires and activities. She was for sure the more active sexually but we both shared a common desire. More SEX! She had an open marriage and mine was developing to that point so this would be a good trial run. Lorie and I had talked a lot about it but finding the right person for both of us to feel safe was the main hold up. We have an agreement that if either of us play outside of our marriage we will tell the other right afterwards. No secrets is always the best policy.

Andy was my co-worker at work. He was single, younger, taller, and more adventurous than I was from what I gathered. I had told him about this weekend and Annette coming to town and he knew I was anxious to be with her. The only thing keeping me from it was her stipulation of having at least two men there. I guess it was a sensible security approach. Not sure how I was going to make it happen, We were at lunch that Thursday and I told Andy about the weekend.

"Well Will, you have a friend that is available this weekend and this woman sounds like fun. What if I was there? I'm game and she sounds like fun." Andy said calmly.

Kind of shocked I had never thought of that, but I said "That's a great idea... but what if she wanted to play with both of us, are we ok with doing that kind of thing together?"

"Well let's think about it for a bit.. Ok I thought yep sure I'm in, let's do it." Andy said without any hesitation.

We agreed to think about it and discuss the idea on Friday. Annette was going to be in town Friday but she had some work plans for most of the day but her Saturday night was free. Sitting outside with some coffee, we talked about the plan. The good and the problems that may come up. Neither one of us has had any sex with another man in the room.

"If we do this, I think we need to say right up front is that the men do NOT touch each other," I said.

"Ok sounds right to me. And nobody will know about this except you, me, and Annette," he insisted.

I told him about the agreement Lorie and I had, and he reluctantly agreed to me telling her and I was ok with things so it was a go! Annette and I were to go out to dinner and planned to come back to my place about 9pm. Andy would then come over and will bring some high dollar whiskey he had, and beer!

Things went well meeting her face to face. She had completed her work on Saturday at the physician's conference and we met at the restaurant. Annette was wearing the outfit that she knew was my favorite. Black business suit with skirt above the knee, white silk blouse and black stockings and not pantyhose if I remember her preferences. Not super high heels but still black heels and her legs looked incredible. Annette is a beautiful mature woman.

I was sitting down at our table when she arrived at dinner. I saw her walk in and she was beautiful. About 5'7" or 5'8", lovely thin body and waist and perfect walk to match. I knew it was her before I was able to see her face. I thought it might be a little awkward actually meeting her face to face for the first time. Then her lovely voice spoke to me. 

"I see you like the legs Will" she said with a huge smile as I was caught gazing at them. 

"Well of course, you do know me pretty well don't you"

I stood and gave her an easy kiss on the cheek and warm friendly hug. It was like seeing a very good friend that you haven't seen for a long time. Only this friend smelled like heaven as her perfume was making me dizzy it was so nice.

Soon after the wine arrived we were laughing a lot and the discussion quickly turned to the plans for the evening. I had told her about Andy in an email, and I even sent her a photo of him that I had on the phone. Based on her smile and her talk she really seemed anxious for the fun.

"We reached an agreement, that guy does not touch guy" i told her shaking my head side to side.

"Well as long as you both touch me. Or actually if you boys are doing anything to me than I am ok with it." Annette calmly said.

Dinner progressed well and about 8:30 we decided that we had better get over to my house because Andy was to arrive about 9. 

She paid the bill saying "it's so nice having a work credit card to pay for my fun!"

Once we got to my car and I placed her bag in the trunk, for the first time we were totally alone together and the sexual tension was pretty high. I moved around to the passenger side, opened her door and before she sat in the car, our bodies pressed against each other. Her small frame felt so nice to hold. We looked at each other, drew out lips close and just held them there. Feeling each other's breath and once again I was intoxicated with her perfume. Her lips were a dark red and moist. Our lips touched and it was magic. I felt a streak of passion from my mouth down to my toes. We kissed softly, and actually it felt like nobody I had ever kissed before. The passion in this moment was explosive. Our flirty emails and instant messenger talks have lead up to this and it was truly and incredible moment.

"Wow Will, that was incredible" she said as she struggled to catch her breath. 

"Thank you for coming to town, and I have looked forward to this moment for some time now and you did not disappoint." I said and then helped her into the car. 

Of course not taking my eyes off of those glorious legs and she lifted them up and in the car. We drove home but frankly I do not remember any of that part of the evening. Once we got in the house and I showed her the guest room. She was spending the night here before flying back home in the morning. I sat her bags down on the bed and as I turned around, Annette took my hand, pulled it up to the buttons on her blouse and helped me unbutton them. Underneath her white silk was a very nice white camisole, no bra and her nippled were beginning to poke at the silk.

With her other hand, she had slid it down to my cock and was cupping it in her hand and gently squeezing it. I was amazed at how hard it was already and her little moan was a sign that she liked what she felt! We kissed again and kiss number two was just as hot. 

"I would like to give you a little special fun before our guest arrives" she said as she unbuckled my belt and slid both my pants and boxers down to the floor in one quick move. 

She sat me on the bed, kneeled down in front of me and instantly took my dick into her mouth and oh shit did her mouth feel so good. She would lick the underneath in between strokes. My cock was almost it's full 6" and she was taking it all. Deep throating me with ease. No gagging or coughing. Incredible. Just as I was about to start the build up to cum she stopped.

"Let's save some sucking for Andy" and she left her blouse on but unbuttoned.

She still had her heels on, which she knew was a huge turn on for me. We then went on a brief tour of the home and she then went into the bathroom to freshen up before he arrived. I went to the kitchen to get some glasses and a bucket of ice for the liquids Andy was bringing! She came out of the bathroom looking so sexy. She had her blouse, skirt and stockings still on but her top was untucked, a few of the top buttons undone and by the fragrance I caught she had put on some fresh perfume! At this time, my mind kind of paused and realized that this might actually happen. I might get to fuck this beautiful woman.

"I have to admit, at first I am always a little nervous as these things start off, so here is a heads up. To calm my nerves I usually act right away towards the new man so don't be surprised Will if that as soon as Andy shuts the door behind him, I will probably be all over his mouth and his dick." Anette explained as she sat on the couch, and watched me watching her cross her legs slowly. Swinging one glorious heel over the other. 

I was in some sort of trance, looking at this sexy lady. Then... DING DING the doorbell rang. We both headed towards the door and she reached for the handle.

Before she got to it I said "Wait, let me look just to double check that is actually Andy." We had come in through the attached garage and I would hate for our secret to be exposed by Annette opening the door and meeting Mrs Collins from next door bringing us some pumpkin bread, again.

"Yes it's him" I told her and stepped back away from the door.

"Hi there Andy, come on in and join us" Annette said as she held out her hand and welcomed him with a nice friendly hug and a kiss on the cheek. 

As soon as the door was shut and locked, she immediately turned back to him and with one hand on his neck, she kissed him with passion. Soft but with a purpose as their lips pressed into the other, i watched as she took her other hand and was already unbuckling his belt and pants. She paused with the kissing and dropped to her knees right there in the entry hall. Andy looked up at me smiling and said..

"Well it looks like I got here at the right time"

I didn't know this but on my first glance of another man's cock since my school days, Andy seemed to be a lot thicker than me. A little hard to tell on the length since he was probably not at full erection. Yet. But that didn't take long with her plunging his cock into her mouth deep. Soon he was obviously bigger than me and it was easy to see that Annette was loving it.

Andy had just now thought to hand me the paper bag with the whiskey and beer... and while they were uh, getting to know each other I went in to make some drinks. A beer for Andy, and whiskies on the rocks for Annette and I. 

"Ok boys, i'm relaxed now so let's have a drink or two" she said as she rose up from her knees in front of Andy. Let's have a toast!"

Andy pulled up his pants, tucked himself back in and I finished the drinks, opened his beer and gave them out.

"To good fun, good sex and good friends" she exclaimed as she lifted her glass to mine with a clink and then his bottle with a clank!

We sat down in the living room and made some small talk for a little bit. It was obvious that Andy and Annette hit it off pretty good so I think things were going well. We mentioned to her the talk he and I had in regards to the men not touching. Like it was some sort of joke, but we were both serious as can be. 

While the two of them were chatting about her business travel and how often she gets to this part of the world, I went in to the guest room, pulled down the cover, and lit a small candle for the mood lighting. I figured it was good to see a little, so I don't put my mouth close to some legs with hair on them!

I came out of there and into the living room and wow, Andy was on his knees in front of her. Her stocking covered legs were up on his shoulders and he was between her legs eating her out. She was obviously enjoying it. Her head was tilted back on the couch and her mouth was open. Annette was running her tongue around her lips. The couch was in the middle of the room sort of as a divider so I was able to go behind the couch and with her eyes still closed I kissed her hard on the lips. She grabbed the back of my head and moaned several times as her hips were moving to his tongue. 

"Oh my God, this feels so fucking good boys, every woman should feel this good." and with that she pulled my face back into hers.

Our mouths meeting and her tongue moved around my lips and her perfume filled my nose again. What a great feeling to be with two people having so much fun! By now I noticed that her white blouse and skirt were off laying on the couch. Andy was naked except for his boxers. All she had on now was here stockings, and white camisole. And just about then, i heard her gasp..

"Oh shit she says, Andy yes please don't stop.. I am going to cum all over your face baby. Yes Yes, oh shit that's it stick that tongue deep in my pussy boy yes that right there" she said between breaths.

Then I watched her grab his head on both sides, start to shake with her head back and she began to hold still as her hips would twitch with each convulsion of her orgasm. Andy knew just when to stop and let her rest. After she was still for a bit.. She looked at me smiling.

"I bet we all need a drink now huh?" We all drank and man did that whiskey taste good! After a few sips and catching our breath.

"I'm heading into the guest room, please join me when you are ready to keep the show rolling or the two of you can continue out here but the king size bed in the bedroom has room for 3." I said.

After going in, I took off my clothes and laid down on the bed on the far side and naked in the dim light of the candle. I took a few deep breaths... actually was able to relax for a few minutes. Not too much time went by and I saw them both come in. Both naked and Annette climbed on the bed in the middle well sort of on top of me. She straddled my left leg and rubbed her drenched pussy and I could feel and hear the wetness as she rubbed it on my leg.

As she was kissing me, I could feel her grab my cock and guide it towards her middle as she straddled my hips now. I think she wanted to be fucked. And she wanted to ride me on top! 

"Are you ok Will, everything still fine and are you ready for some pussy?" she asked.

"Oh yes I am so ready to feel your pussy that I have dreamed about for months. Let's fuck now" I insisted. She obliged. As Andy moved over to the side of the bed we were on, I could see he was getting in position for her her suck his cock as we fucked. I could feel her warm and wet pussy part as my dick eased into her. She felt so good and my hard cock was smothered as she lowered her body on to mine. 

"Damn, you are so hot and tight, feels so good right now." I said.

"Ok Will, I am going to ride you hard and make you cum deep in my pussy. Fill me up baby, I've wanted your cum in me for so long now and it feels soooooo good" she said. 

Andy was on his knees on the bed and Annette leaned over and took his cock in her mouth. She was pumping her mouth on his pole in the same motion she was rocking on my dick. She felt so good and hearing her slirp, gasp and moan with his piece in her mouth was such a turn on! My dick had never been so hard and was fucking her like a teenager. You could hear her hips and thighs slapping on mine. 

A few minutes of this and she was cumming all over me. Her juices were flowing a lot. Amazing! 

"Oh damn Will I am cumming again... Yes yes yes oh fuck that's it. Oh oh yes soo soo so so nice" she was able to say, as she was quivering

About then I was ready to explode. I grabbed her hips and held her down on my cock as is shot deep hot full loads of cum up into her pussy. Must have had 6 or 7 good loads and with each load she moaned. And moaned with each one as she kept him in her mouth while he face fucked her. It was so sexy lying on my back with her and him so close as she gave him the blowjob of his life! She slowly moved up and slid my dick out of her and I could feel her creampie flow out on my belly. It was so hot knowing that was my hot cum dripping out of her.

"You know what is the best boys?" she asked as she sat up.. "Is when the next guy FUCKS me with the hot cum still in my pussy. So Andy, it's your turn. I know you are hard and ready so let's fuck."

I slid off the bed and went in to grab some more whiskey and clean up a little because I had a feeling my dick was not done for the night! She faced the end of the bed, on her knees. Andy knew where to go. He went up and got behind her with her legs spread and got in right close to her. By the time I got back to the room they were fucking doggie style and she was slamming back into him hard. She must have liked his larger cock because it sounded like she was coming with each thrust into her. And talking with her later, she probably was. But he was so worked up after his blowjob by the door, his licking her pussy and getting his dick sucked again he was obviously ready to do some serious fucking.

"Oh shit, oh shit" Andy kept repeating as he pumped his big dick into her tight gripping pussy. We made eye contact and the animal look to his eyes was intense. Obviously I have never seen that look on him and he was loving it! He pumped her about four or five times more and he was ready to blow. By this time I was hard again and stroking my cock hard as I watched the live porn show right in front of me as they screw each other senseless.

"Annette I can't hold it back anymore, I think I am about to cum in you, where would you like me to cum" he asked her.

Right then she leaned forward and flipped over to her back. She looked at my dick and saw it was hard and ready to blow. She said hurriedly..

"I want both of you to cum all over my face, together"

We got in position. Me standing over her at the end of the bed and Andy spreading his legs and over her chest as he stroked his cock close to her chin. I was pumping my cock faster and faster and right on cue we both began to eject our first load of cum. Mine landed in her mouth and upper lip. His first one shot way up on to her hair and forehead. We both pumped a lot of cum on her face and in her mouth. She was moaning and slurping.

"Oh my you men are fantastic" she said with a smile and a wink.

"Well Annette, you made this possible for Will and I, so thank you!" replied Andy.

After a few minutes of catching our breath, we showered dressed and watched some porn on the tv. More drinks and a beer for Andy! We talked about all kinds of things but what I remember the most is the discussion about doing this again.

"Well count me in for sure." I said.

"Oh yes for sure I could easily do this again... tomorrow" Andy said with a smile.

"Well Annette is leaving tomorrow morning from the airport so we will all know as soon as we can arrange this again." I said as Andy got up to leave.

Annette stood, gave Andy a nice kiss and hug and said "What a nice cock you have, and I will have it again."

Both Annette and I were exhausted, so we cleaned up the drinks and headed towards the bedrooms. It had been a long day of fun and she had an early flight tomorrow. Yes she slept in the guest bedroom and I in the master. 

With a goodnight kiss at the guest room door she softly said with a smile... "I'll see you, in the morning".

... To be continued.