 Annie, Chrissy and I stumbled back from the party. It was an awesome late spring Saturday night, only a few weeks from the end of school. Annie and I had been dating for a couple months, and it was clear to me she was no ordinary woman. She had just begun to embrace her bisexuality, and along with that, it was clear that she did not see other women as a threat to our relationship. She had been attracted to both women and men all through middle and high school, but afraid to reveal or act on them until her last year of college. 

Annie is a petite fireball; at the time she had an alternative look - short, brown hair in an almost boyish cut, fair skin, and hazel eyes. She has B-cup breasts, and an amazingly round, perky ass. Earlier that afternoon, we had been lying in bed, and she climbed on top of me, and playfully whispered, "Let's try something new - why don't you shave my pussy?" I'd carefully lathered up and completely shaved her pussy and her ass, and as soon as I'd finished, and she opened her legs to let me see her smooth pussy for the first time, it drove me crazy. I couldn't keep my mouth off of her. She rode me for all I was worth. I thought she was going to finish me off with her mouth when she was through, but instead, she strung me along and teased me. 

"I want you to wait for it... " she said. "Don't worry. I'm going to give it up, but I want you to wait for it. You can have me after the party tonight. Knowing her pussy was completely smooth under those shorts, and knowing what she was going to do to me when we got home had me on edge all night. 

Chrissy was walking home with us - a friend of ours from a few activities at school, a second year in school. Chrissy is taller, and more classically beautiful; she had auburn shoulder length hair at the time, and a curvy, statuesque physique. I knew she filled out a tight pair of Guess jeans very nicely, but at that time, I'd never even seen her in a swimsuit. Chrissy is a wonderfully good natured gal, a bit on the quiet side. I had picked up on a mutual attraction between us for a while, but she wasn't the kind of girl to approach another woman's man.

Annie and I had run into Chrissy at the party down the street, and it was coming up on 1 am - I was a bit tipsy, and so was Chrissy, but Annie generally doesn't drink. Annie and I decided to head back to the house I was renting, and Annie talked Chrissy into coming along; Chrissy lived across campus, and she could crash on the couch downstairs. Or, Annie volunteered she could drive Chrissy home; the minivan Annie's parents had lent her for school was parked behind my house. 

We got into the house, and plopped down on the couch, still chatting about the things that had happened at the party. 

Annie came around behind the couch, and started rubbing Chrissy's shoulders.

"Ooh, that's nice..." said Chrissy. 

"Boy, I can feel those knots. You sure need this." Said Annie. 

"Hey, can I get some help back here?" she said to me, I got up and went around to the back of the couch, stood next to Annie, and put my hands on Chrissy's shoulders as well, squeezing her shoulders gently. 

From that angle, I could see down Chrissy's blouse to the peach-colored bra she was wearing. As I was squeezing Chrissy's shoulders, Annie bumped my hip with hers gently. I looked at her, and she winked quickly, and then gestured to Chrissy. I could not believe she was going to try to make this happen. We both knew Chrissy to be straight as an arrow, and if anything, even a bit prudish.

"You could really use some work, Chrissy. Do you mind... laying down so I can work these knots out a bit easier? I mean, it's not like you have to go anywhere..." 

Chrissy turned around, and looked back at Annie and me, and clearly knew what Annie had in mind, and what was on my mind now, too. She looked from Annie to me, and I could see her hesitating a bit, wondering what to do. 

"Come on - It's just us," Annie said, "I promise. Everything's going to be fine. Besides, who turns down an Annie backrub?"

Chrissy looked at me again, and cocked her head a bit, and said, "Yeah, actually, that sounds nice!"

"Awesome!" said Annie, "Come on back!" 

She led Chrissy back to my bedroom, and Chrissy laid down on my futon mattress. 

I'm going to go make a drink" I said, and I went to the kitchen. Annie climbed on top of Chrissy, and pulled her blouse out of her shorts, and started rubbing her back, making small talk. 

When I came back a couple of minutes later, I walked in to see Chrissy reaching back to unclasp her bra, so Annie could have unencumbered access to her back and shoulders. My girlfriend was sitting on Chrissy's ass, rubbing her naked back, and looking at me. 

"Get on over here," She said, "This girl needs some help."

Annie was rubbing Chrissy's lower back as I was rubbing her shoulders and neck from the side. Annie asked Chrissy to unbutton the top button of her jeans to loosen them. There was a long pause before she did anything, but then she slowly began to reach down to unbutton her cutoffs. Then, she pushed them partway down her hips. Both Annie and I could see the tops of her peach colored thong underwear. 

I was rubbing her shoulders and neck, and began running my fingers through her hair, and massaging her head. She was relaxed and very happy with this attention. I decided it was time to make a move. I leaned over, and kissed her on the cheek. She paused, then tentatively turned her head towards me, and began to kiss me on the lips. We began to kiss more seriously, but then she stopped. 

"I... I just don't... "She stammered. She sat up, a little self-consciously, with her arm across her chest, because her bra was unclasped at the back. 

"I really like you guys, but I don't know if this is for me." She said. "I've never done anything like this... with a girl..." she said, then immediately feeling self-conscious, saying, "Annie I don't mean you aren't awesome, I just... You know..." 

"Sweetie" said Annie, "It's totally okay. We don't want to do anything you don't want to do. I just don't see any reason in the world we can't have a nice time together! Why don't we just try this - you just concentrate on the boy, if more comfortable with that. You can just pretend I'm not here, or you can pretend I'm another boy. Who likes girls. How does that sound?"

Chrissy looked at me, and at Annie. Annie said, soothingly, "Just relax, and let's see where things go. Just concentrate on boyfriend. 'Cause from what I see, part of him is sure concentrating on you!"

I got down on one elbow, and began to kiss Chrissy more deeply, while Annie looked on, and caressed Amy's back. I reached down to Chrissy's beautiful breasts and began to cup them. Annie gently slid her hands up Chrissy's abdomen, and met my hands on Chrissy's breasts. Chrissy gasped a bit, feeling Annie's hands cupping and squeezing her breasts. 

"It's okay, Chrissy," Annie whispered. "Just pretend I'm a boy, and concentrate on boyfriend."

Chrissy began to really relax, and give herself over to the feeling of the hands on her body. Annie was rubbing the smooth skin of Chrissy's thighs, and slowly reached around, and began to push her hand down the front of Chrissy's shorts. "Just relax..." She whispered to Chrissy 

Chrissy began squeezing her thighs together onto Annie's hand. 

Annie stood up on the futon, and peeled off her baby tee, and then pushed her khaki shorts down over her hips, leaving only her bra and a pair of skimpy black panties. 

"Ta da! She said dramatically to Chrissy, "You're in bed with another girl! And you haven't been struck by lightning yet!" 

Chrissy giggled. 

"Okay, these are coming off-" said Annie, as she pulled Chrissy's cutoff jeans down, revealing Chrissy's curvy hips, and those tiny peach thong undies she was wearing. Chrissy was back busy kissing me, but as she felt Annie's fingernails tracing her thighs, she involuntarily opened her legs. 

Chrissy was reaching for my shorts, trying to get her hands into my underwear. She found my hard cock, encircled it with her hand, and started to stroke it up and down. She had my full attention.

I quickly fumbled out of my shorts, and brought myself up kneeling next to Chrissy. She rolled to the side, and took the head of my cock immediately into her mouth, and began sucking me. 

Annie was transfixed by the sight of Chrissy bobbing up and down, giving me a sloppy, wet blow job. She pushed her hand down into her panties and rubbed her fingers against her freshly shaven, wet slot. 

She couldn't take her eyes off me and Chrissy. When her eyes met with mine, with my now slippery cock sliding in and out of Chrissy's mouth, there was the slightest twinge of jealousy and helplessness in her face, but it seemed to somehow increase her arousal. 

She gestured with her chin for me to get on top of Chrissy. I straddled Chrissy's body, to give her better access to my cock. She wrapped both hands around the base, closed her eyes, and began to lick and suck. Behind me, Annie pulled those pink thong panties off Chrissy's body, and spread her thighs wide open. She couldn't take her eyes of Chrissy's snatch. Her brown pubic hair was trimmed very close. Annie knelt down between Chrissy's thighs, and caressed Chrissy's pussy, gently opening her to see how sopping wet she was on the inside. 

"Here we go... She said to herself and she closed her eyes and pressed her face into Chrissy's pussy. Her friend Jenna's pussy was the only pussy she had ever tasted; she had only begun to act on her desires with women in the last couple of months. 

Chrissy gasped in the middle of the sloppy blow job she was giving me as she felt Annie's mouth on her pussy. "Lick my balls, Chrissy" I said. She immediately complied, giving my balls a bath with her tongue and lips, gently licking and sucking me. It felt amazing. "Now lick my ass," I whispered. She immediately began to kiss and lick and suck her way from the base of my balls to my ass. The feeling of my friend Chrissy's lips, and her tongue and her breath were driving me wild. 

She spread her legs wider, and then Annie spread them wider still, French kissing Chrissy's open, sopping wet slit. I stroked my cock, wet with Amy's saliva as she rimmed me, trying to keep from coming too soon. I did not want this to end. 

Chrissy was gasping for breath as she was overcome by Annie's attention. She continued to rim my ass, but I felt her slowly, gently remove her hands from the sides of my thighs, and come to rest on Annie's face, as Annie continued to eat her pussy. 

In only moments, Chrissy came to a powerful orgasm. I got up off of her and moved back to her side, looking down on down at her. As her orgasm subsided, she opened her eyes, looked up at me, and at the twitching cock inches from her face, and she smiled. I smiled back at her.

Annie finally pulled her face away from Chrissy's snatch, breathing heavily. She slowly and stood up on the futon. 

"It sounds like we have ourselves a friend with a little submissive streak?" Annie suggested. Chrissy turned her head a bit, a little embarrassed. "Its okay, Chrissy. There's nothing wrong with it." She continued. "Wanting sex is natural. For reasons beyond our control, we still live in a society where as women we know we want sex, but society women that want sex are whores or sluts. One of the consequences of that is power exchange fantasies. If someone is making me do it, and I give up my agency to someone else, then I can enjoy sex without as much guilt."

"If being submissive turns you on, then it turns you on. You liked to degrade yourself a bit for Boyfriend, didn't you? Licking his ass?"

"Y-yes." Chrissy whispered. 

Annie cocked her head a bit, and then peeled off her panties, looking at me and Chrissy the whole time. I couldn't take my eyes off Annie's body. 

Chrissy was still lying on her back, with her legs spread lewdly open. Annie got on her hands and knees, crawling up to me and Chrissy. She balled her panties up in her hand, and then crawled down on top of Chrissy, so they were almost face to face. 

Annie's face was still smeared with Chrissy's cum. She looked down at Chrissy. "Oh my God, thank you for that," Annie said. "Do you want to know how wet that got me?" Chrissy didn't know how to respond. 

"Let me show you." Said Annie. "Open your mouth."

"I said, open your mouth, Chrissy" Annie said more sternly. Chrissy slowly opened her mouth. 

Annie pushed the crotch of her wet panties into Chrissy's mouth.

"Taste these." 

Chrissy's eyes opened wide with surprise. In too much shock to react, she simply complied. She had of course never tasted another woman, and now all of a sudden she had her friend's wet panties into her mouth. She could taste the salty, musky taste of Annie's pussy immediately. 

With strength and speed, that surprised me a little bit, Annie rolled Chrissy onto her stomach and jumped on top of the small of her back, facing Chrissy's round ass, and pinning Chrissy's arms down next to her legs. 

"Spread your thighs, and push your ass up" said Annie. Chrissy didn't respond. 

"I said - Spread your thighs and push your ass up" Annie growled again. 

This time, Chrissy complied. Annie reached down, and pulled Chrissy's ass and pussy wide open, sliding her fingertips into Chrissy's wet slot. 

"Come around here, boyfriend" Annie said. "I want you to see her." I came around and kneeled between Chrissy's open thighs, facing Annie

"Look how wide open she is for you, sweetie! Well, I guess technically she's wide open for me; I'm the one bossin' her around. But wow, she must really want it bad to be so obedient, huh?"

"See how wet she is?" Annie said, "Absolutely sopping. My God, this girl could irrigate fields!" Annie ran her finger up the length of Chrissy's pussy, and slowly continued, until her slippery fingertip was poised on Chrissy's anus. 

"And look at this tight, pink little asshole! So cute! She even let me kiss it."

"You saw the love she was giving to that great big dick of yours with her mouth. She wants you inside her. And I want to see you slide that thing in." said Annie. "I want to watch you fuck her hole." 

"Hey Chrissy. By the look of his cock, boyfriend would like to give your pussy a good fucking. You okay with that?" Annie asked. "Mmm hm" came a muffled response. "Are you on the pill?" "Mmm hm" came another response. 

"C'mon, sweetie. I want to watch you slide it in. I want to see it. I never get to see it from this angle. C'mere." She said. 

I didn't need to be asked twice. I moved forward and she leaned down, and took the head of my cock deeply into my mouth, leaving it wet with her saliva, then she grabbed it by the base, and pressed the 

The head of my saliva-wet cock against Chrissy's sopping entrance. I slowly pushed my cock into Chrissy's pussy, not stopping until I was buried inside her balls deep, coated with her slimy cum. 

Annie and I were face to face. She grabbed my face, and began to kiss me deeply. 

I began to move my cock in and out of Chrissy slowly, and as I as pushing back in, I could feel Chrissy push her body back against me. Very shortly, Chrissy began to come again. 

After she came, Annie pushed me back and my slick cock popped out of Chrissy's pussy. Annie leaned down and took it back her mouth, tasting Chrissy's cum all over my cock. 

Chrissy closed her thighs, and turned herself over underneath Annie. Annie's pussy was only inches from her face. Annie put her elbows down so she could wrap both hands around the base of my cock as she sucked me off. 

I looked down to see Chrissy's hands come to rest on Annie's hips. Chrissy craned her neck upwards, and pressed her lips to Annie's smooth pussy. Annie shuddered momentarily. "Girls know how to do girls." She whispered up to me. 

"Ooh, that's right... Ooh, right there... Ooh... Oh, Chrissy, you dirty girl! Licking my ass!" She looked back over her shoulder to see what she could see, and then up at me, and then back at my cock. She closed her eyes, and pushed herself back onto Chrissy's mouth. She tensed her shoulders, clenched her fists, and whispered, "yesss... Yesss... Fuck... Just like that..." as she orgasmed. Chrissy slowed down her licking, but did not stop.

Annie looked up at me. "You've been a very patient man, and so well behaved!" she said. "Such a gentleman, waiting till both your girls have come first. Now why don't you do what you've wanted to do all night, and fill my mouth with your cum?" 

She got up on her elbows, and wrapped both hands around the base of my cock, cradling my balls, and pushed her mouth down on my wet cock, taking me deeply into her mouth. I could tell she was savoring the lingering taste of Chrissy's pussy as I began to thrust into her mouth. The feeling of her warm mouth, the sight of Chrissy splayed out beneath us, with her face buried in Annie's snatch, and the words of my girlfriend, being exactly the depraved slut she wanted to be were too much for me. 

I began to thrust into her mouth almost involuntarily, until I reached the point of no return, and began to orgasm. Annie squeezed my balls gently as I began to come. Annie held her mouth open as I began to ejaculate for what seemed like an eternity; spurt after spurt after spurt of thick, salty semen into her waiting mouth. When my orgasm finally began to subside, Annie gingerly pulled her mouth from my cock, my fresh semen pooling in her mouth. She closed her eyes, sat partway up, slowly tilted her head back, savoring the taste of my come, and then, after a few seconds, gulped it down. 

She rolled off of Chrissy, and quickly turned off the lights, so that it was pitch dark. 

I think she did this to make it a bit easier for Chrissy, not having to look at us right away. The three of us curled up together and drifted off to sleep. 

When I woke up the next morning, Chrissy was long gone. Annie curled in next to me, and we got up, and started a relaxed Sunday morning together. 

Later that evening, we had an intramural club meeting, and saw Chrissy there. We both smiled and waved just like usual, and she didn't let on that anything was different to anyone else in the club. After the meeting, when several people where chatting, she came over to say hello, and we made small talk like nothing had ever happened. She made like she had to be somewhere quickly, but as she was leaving, she leaned over to me and whispered in my ear, 

"Last night was amazing. Y'all really know how to treat a guest. You weren't so bad, but boy, Annie really pulls it out of you, doesn't she? Watch out for that one." 

I couldn't have agreed more.