 Part B - Annie goes to the bathroom... 

Annie followed William through the mall as her mind played through the day's events. Initially she was planning to tell Brian it was over, the next thing she knew she's driving naked in the car, both boys—she couldn't think of them as guys—leering at her body. Recalling her helplessness and how vulnerable she felt being completely at their mercy sent a thrill deep inside of her as she remembered the truckers driving by gawking at her. At the time her mind was too preoccupied to absorb what was occurring, but looking back she felt her pulse quicken realizing she was getting turned on.

Annie had always enjoyed teasing men, showing off her body; however, things had never gotten this out of hand. She thought about her current state of affairs—dressed in a slutty leather outfit barely covering enough of her to be legal, in high-heeled shoes, walking in tow of a young guy in a public area, her body on display for every person they passed—she tried but could not understand the tangled circumstances leading to this moment.

The combination of embarrassment mixed with the knowledge of every man she passed openly admiring her body excited her more than anything she had ever experienced. She actually was grateful for the tight leather bustier, as she felt her nipples hardening under the rough fabric, glad nobody could see her arousal. An accompanying familiar stir also was developing between her legs as she walked, the occasional breeze wafting up her skirt giving her erotic chills. She was not sure what was happening to her, her mind mortified at her predicament while her body became increasingly aroused.

Her strange reverie was broken as William guided her into another store. A shoe store she realized, feeling relief compared to her predicament in the lingerie store. Annie loved shopping for shoes and now was in her element. Looking around she was more at ease, familiar in these surroundings. Nothing could go wrong here she thought to herself.

William guided her towards the back of the store to some seats aligned behind a tall rack of shoes, away from the main thoroughfare of the mall. She was thankful for the brief respite of men leering at her, yet another part deep within her was almost disappointed. 

Pointing to the seats William told her to make herself comfortable and he'd be back with salesperson shortly. 

Annie was grateful to sit. The high heeled shoes were beginning to hurt her feet and although comfortable, they were too new to be walking around in for so long.

Sitting down she was conscious of the chair's rough fabric against her bare rear as she looked around trying to take her mind off of the day's events and what she was, or in this case was not, wearing. The store was one she had been in before and had a wide range of shoe styles—high heels, boots, recreational and formal, tennis shoes—anything for every occasion.

Glancing across the aisle was a mirror and again she couldn't believe how sexy she looked. Her cleavage gave the appearance of her chest being larger than usual pressed and pushed up by the leather bustier, the inner curves of her breasts readily visible from the wide separation of laces up the front. Her tanned legs looked incredible she thought to herself, again admiring how the high heeled shoes accented them. And her skirt—

Suddenly her heart skipped. In shock she stared across at the reflection in the mirror, her well-trimmed pussy clearly visible, literally staring at her from across the room! She quickly pulled her thighs together, the skirt being too short and tight to try to do much else. Glancing around and not seeing anybody, she was again glad to be out of sight of the main stream of the mall.

Her attention was pulled away from the mirror hearing voices moving towards her...

"No fucking way Billy, you are always so full of shit" she heard an unfamiliar male voice.

"You'll see Tim, and boy will you see!" she heard William chuckle, knowing the discussion was about her and wondering what was going to happen next.

The voices were getting closer, "Yeah whatever, you were always full...holy fucking shit!"

She looked up into the face of a tall, scraggly looking guy as he turned the corner and caught sight of her, William smiling next to him.

"Uh...hi...uh...Anne" the guy said, at a loss for words and obviously knowing who she was as he stared at her all-too-visible body.

The guy looked vaguely familiar, but Annie couldn't place him or his voice, so tried to act nonchalant. "Hello" she muttered back looking at William questionably.

William smiled as he sat next to her. "Tim, you're going to make the lady uncomfortable with your mouth hanging open like that," he chuckled.

She turned back to the skinny guy, was still staring at her—or more to the point her chest and legs—in obvious shock. She tried to place him; he seemed somehow familiar and she began to feel more vulnerable as her fears of somebody recognizing her manifested. Still unable to recognize him, he obviously knew her.

He stuttered to William replying, "Wha...er, what do you need?" he said, his gaze finally leave her to look at William, then back at her.

William laughed as he pulled a piece of paper from his pockets, handing it to the sales guy. "This is a list of what we need, but first we need to make sure we get the right size of my little pet's feet here" he laughed.

Annie quickly looked at him, "I'm a 7" remembering her reflection in the mirror and wanting to get away from somebody who obviously knew her form the past.

William smiled, "No Annie, we have to let the gentleman do his job." Looking up at the shoe salesman, still staring at her, she heard him continue, "Don't we Tim?"

Annie looked up finally knowing who he was; Tim Nelson she recalled, from her high school about two years younger than her. In school he was yet another face in the crowd of geeks she never hung around with and ignored, being around Bob and the other "jocks" most of the time. He obviously knew William, not surprising she thought as they both were part of the geeky crowd in school.

"Oh, of course" the guy said reaching around and grabbing a shoe sizing tool, his eyes never leaving Annie's body. Still staring he knelt in front of her, obviously as uncomfortable as she was. 

"Go on, she doesn't bite" William laughed, "unless you want her to! I'm sure Annie will be VERY cooperative" he chuckled. "Won't you my dear?"

Annie glanced over at him and knew any argument would be futile, muttering a quiet, "yes."

Her head flew back as William's hand gripped her long hair, "Yes what bitch?"

Glancing at Tim Nelson, her body flushing with shame, she looked at William feeling her heart sinking into her stomach as she gave in, "Yes Master."

"Holy shit" she heard Tim Nelson mutter under his breath as she tried to avoid his gaze.

"Now Annie please let Tim do his job" William smiled, releasing her hair.

Knowing further defiance would be futile, she stretched her left foot out as Tim knelt in front of her. She focused her attention at the wall away from both guys, her body blushing in shame as she felt the salesman's hands on her calf. Glancing down he was gingerly holding her calf as his other hand unclasped the studded straps of her shoe around her ankle and slipping it off.

Her thighs were still together as she prayed for him to hurry up. From his position he would be able to see more of her than ever imagined, and again she looked everywhere but at either of the two guys. 

Her attention was brought back immediately as she felt William's hands on her knees: "Now Annie, the man cannot do his job if you are so tense" he laughed, slowly prying her legs apart.

Annie's heart froze in horror seeing Tim Nelson's face staring in both delight and awe at her obviously bare pussy. Another wave of degradation coursed through her as he openly admired the unobstructed view between her legs. She could imagine his thoughts as he kneeled in front of her holding her raised calf, her long legs leading to a sight imagined in only his wildest of dreams.

William continued, "That's a good girl. Now Tim, if you don't mind, let's make sure you have a good measurement of BOTH her feet" he chuckled.

Annie sat dejectedly as the man in obvious delight measured one foot, then the other, taking his time, his gaze never straying from the sight between her legs the entire time. Moving to her other foot he became bolder as William encouraged him, his hands sliding up and down her calf and rubbing her feet more than was necessary for measuring her foot.

"Well, she's a 7," he chucked with William after a too long period of a time. "I need to go in the back and see if we have all of these on your list" he said. "You're pretty descriptive so I think I can help you out!"

As he stood Annie could not help but notice the bulge in his pants and instantly felt a flash of heat forming between her legs as she became aroused again, aware of how desirable men found her. Yet again her pulse and breathing quickened as she realized her effect on men, unable to believe she could be turned on as humiliated as she felt.

"I'll help you out in case there are any questions," William said getting up and walking down the aisle with the salesman. "We'll be right back, my dear" he said glancing down at Annie's legs, smiling seeing them still spread open, following Tim to the back.

As they walked away Annie couldn't help but hear them. 

"How the fuck did you get Anne Marie Johnson to do this?" she heard Tim say loudly, the mixture of embarrassment and arousal at odds within her. "Jesus, she's everything I ever imagined. I've never been this close to her...and Jesus, no panties!"

She couldn't hear William's response or more of the conversation as they entered the back storeroom, wondering what William was telling him. Somebody recognizing her was bad enough, but being another geeky guy from high school who had lusted after her was even worse. 

She lost track of time in her own thoughts until she heard the squeaky wheels of a cart getting louder. William and Tim came around the corner pushing a cart loaded with shoe boxes and she looked up at William who only smiled.

Tim explained some of the shoes might fit differently and she needed to try them all on. She knew it was an excuse for him to gawk at her body more; she had always fit comfortably in size 7 shoes and there was no reason to try them on. With little recourse she shrugged as he pulled a stool in front of her, sitting between her legs and again pulling her calf forward. She was still barefoot and the stool had a slant for resting her feet so she was shocked when he rested her foot against his crotch, the hard outline of his cock apparent under her foot.

Looking at both guys' smiles, she knew they were going to make this as humiliating as possible. Resigned as there was nothing she could do, she sat there with her legs parted as Tim began to put shoe after shoe on her.

Several times they made her get up and walk around, more to stare at her than to see if the shoes fit she knew, but did as they asked.

The shoes were all shapes and styles—low pumps, high heels, ankle boots...all different colors—some with straps, some buckled, some with studs, some obviously slutty, others more seductive. The only thing in common was they all accented her legs noticeably. 

She preoccupied her mind by thinking of the outfits they had bought, trying to determine what shoes to wear with them; however, her concentration was continuously interrupted. Tim became steadily bolder as he fit the shoes on her, his hands sliding over her calves, caressing the inner skin of her knee, stroking the inner sides of her thighs; still aroused from earlier, his hands caressing her legs only added to the sensation.

At one point he slid on some spiked heels with long bands winding up her legs to mid-thigh, his hands caressing her slowly from her toes to thighs as he wrapped the straps around her legs and tied them above her knees. The constant touch of his hands on her caused her to become even wetter, and she knew at his viewpoint, it was more than apparent.

She caught herself several times pressing her foot against his erection as it rested it in his crotch, unable to control herself. Her body was flushed, her breathing shallow as he continued to feel her legs and feet with each pair of shoes.

Eventually he pulled out a pair of long black leather boots. They had spiked heels and as he put them on her feet and started to wrap them up her leg she realized they went all the way to the top of her thighs, zipping in the middle. Tim worked his way slowly up her legs and she couldn't help but feel more aroused the sensation of leather slowly tightening around her legs turning her on further. Her mind drifted as he zipped the boot up her thigh and she spread her legs further to give him more room, knowing full well she was giving him a clear view between her legs and no longer caring. 

The leather tightened around her thighs as he zipped it higher, his hands wrapped around her upper thigh. Although part of her expected it, it was still a shock as his finger suddenly stroked her damp slit. She closed her eyes and let out a sigh, her hips clenching towards him, wanting to feel him deeper, mentally willing him to enter her when she realized what she was doing and opened her eyes. Staring straight into Tim Nelson's eyes she watched fascinated as he moved his hand way from her, smiling as he brought his index finger to his lips—glistening from her wetness—licking it clean.

A mixture of shame and arousal coursed through her, unable to rationalize what was happening to her...yet unable to deny how she felt.

The boot on her other leg was a repeat of the same process. Even prepared for what would happen, the feeling of his finger rubbing along her slit still caused her to gasp ignoring his and William's chuckles. 

Ashamed and unable to control herself, she sat there, her body wanting something to happen.

Abruptly she was brought back to reality as Tim and William stood up, putting the shoes back into the boxes. "I think everything will be fine" she heard Tim say to William. 

William told her they'd meet her at the cash register and walked away, the cart of shoe boxes squeaking with them.

Annie sat catching her breath. What was happening to her? Her mind was a whirlwind of thoughts trying to comprehend her feelings. There was no denying she wanted Tim to touch her; there was no coercion, no forcing her to do something she didn't want...she welcomed the touch of his finger against her.

Hearing William calling to her from the front of the store brought her out of her thoughts. She tried to compose herself by taking some deep breaths as she slipped on the studded heels, making her way to the front of the store.

Her thoughts still flooded with emotions she abstractedly pulled out her credit card to hand to Tim when he said "don't worry; I think William and I have this covered."

Annie looked questioningly at William. There was at least $500 worth of shoes in various bags, possibly more. She did not have the money, but knew an eighteen-year-old wouldn't either. She then caught her thoughts in horror not believing she was willing to pay without a thought! Her credit card bill would have been off the wall with the purchases, and here she was at odds with why she was NOT paying. Her mind was too flustered to even try to rationalize what was going on.

"Come on my dear, Brian is probably wondering what's taking us so long." William said as he grabbed the huge bags of shoe boxes. "See you later Tim" he laughed as he exited the store.

Annie again became aware of Brian's absence, remembering William telling her he would meet them at the Food Court as she realized how thirsty she had become...probably from all the heavy breathing earlier she thought morbidly.

******************** 

Arriving at the Food Court there was no sign of Brian. William told her to find a seat and he would get something to eat and drink, asking her what she wanted. Telling him she would love a slice of pizza and a Squirt, he laughed and told her he'd be happy to give her a squirt later as he went off to get the food. 

Annie looked around trying to find an out-of-the-way table but luck was not with her. The only table available happened to be in the center of the Food Court. Knowing Fate was against her, she made her way to the table, trying to ignore the leering men and frowning women she passed.

She was again thankful to sit after all the walking and standing throughout the day. Her feet and ankles still feeling the strain of being in high heels all day and the brief time they were off at the shoe store did little to ease them. 

Sitting down she abruptly let out a squeal, causing everyone around to look at her. She grimaced as she sat down again, the cold metal seat shocking her bare ass, trying not to make a scene. She had forgotten she was not wearing underwear, unprepared for the cold chill of the metal meshed seat on her bare ass. Several men continued to stare and she tried to ignore them, conscious of how slutty she looked.

William soon returned and handed her a large soft drink which she gratefully accepted and started drinking. The day's events—walking around so much, the biker and then Tim Nelson feeling her up, her heavy breathing, trying on clothes and shoes all day, as well as the roller coaster ride of emotions—all had made her extremely thirsty.

The drink had a slight aftertaste catching her off-guard, but she was so thirsty she drank half of the large cup without a second thought.

William watched her drink for a few minutes and giggled as he walked away, telling her to enjoy her drink and he'd be back with food. 

Annie continued to drink the soda quickly, vaguely wondering at the slightly bitter aftertaste, but so thirsty she didn't care. 

Looking around she became more and engrossed by all the men staring at her, noticing some who had moved closer as seats opened up near her to get a better view. Sitting there and looking at them, she started to feel strange. A distant part of her conscious wondered what was going on; however, most of her mind barely comprehended as her body began to get warmer and warmer, her skin getting a tingling sensation. Looking around at some of the men openly looking at her it was as if their eyes were physically caressing her skin.

Her mouth was getting dry so she drank more of the soda, the aftertaste doing nothing to quench her thirst or cool her body down. Changing position slightly Annie gasped again as the metal touched her ass, only this time her gasp was not because of the cold, but due to a palpable shock in her pussy as it throbbed with an unusual sensation of excitement. 

Her head felt funny--almost as if she were drunk she reflected, so she leaned on the table. Again a small moan escaped her lips as her breasts touched the cold edge of the table, sending shivers through her body radiating straight to her groin. 

Not understanding what was going on, Annie knew she was becoming unusually aroused. Her body felt like she was experiencing sensations for the first time, all of them pleasurable. She was extremely conscientious of her breasts squeezed within the bustier, the leather pressing firmly against her hard nipples; the metal chair against her bare ass; the breeze of people walking by riding up her skirt; all these sensations caused electrical shocks, sending waves of pleasure centering on her clit. 

Her breath started coming in short gasps causing her nipples to rub against the tight leather, sending even more sensations to her pussy. Closing her eyes, her mind drifted to the past few days—the images of Brian's and William's cocks appearing behind her eyes. The memory of her pussy being stretched by them as they used her, the taste of their cum, the feel of the biker's hands on her body, Tim Nelson gently stroking his finger across her slit—all these thoughts gave her tingles and she felt as if she were having a continuous stream of small orgasms.
