 Part C - Annie throws a party . . . 

After finishing the pizza—did she really eat the entire thing she wondered—the boys asked how she enjoyed her little adventure.

"What? You dress me up as a prostitute, drug me, let a group of men use me, then ask if I ENJOYED it?" Annie demanded.

In shock Annie's head snapped backwards as Brian grabbed her hair, pulling her face towards his whispering harshly, "Look slut, when we ask you a question we do NOT expect anything but an answer in return. I am getting sick and tired of your piss-ass attitude and if you do not start behaving, those movies are going to find a home on every computer and video store in this fucking town!" 

Annie stared into Brian's angry eyes, her stomach sinking in fear knowing he was serious, 

"You have been a cock tease for way too long," he continued, "so you're getting what you deserve. You have caused this on yourself, and from how you acted earlier apparently wanted it as well! Now I want you to kneel in front of me without any further bitching or backtalk and tell me how you enjoyed your little suck-fest."

"Kneel? Here?" Annie looked around the Food Court as Brian loosened his grip on her hair, looking away in shame when her eyes met the people watching them. The last thing she wanted was to cause more attention to her. "Please Brian..." her words trailed off as his hand twisted in her hair further.

Seeing the anger again in his eyes she knew further disagreement would only lead to more embarrassment or worse. Resigned, she slid off her seat, kneeling on the cold hard floor of the Food Court and looked at Brian. He smiled down at her and she again glanced around seeing several guys watching intently. 

Feeling a cool breeze on the back of her legs, she became shamefully aware of her ass exposed to anybody behind her. What a sight she must be: kneeling before him scantily dressed as a biker slut, her hair damp and matted against her head, and the odor of cum emanating from her body like cheap perfume. She could feel the leather clothing sticking to her skin as the guys' spunk dried, having poured down her clothes while sucking them in wanton abandonment. 

Her pussy tingled as the cool air caressed it, still aroused from the bathroom ordeal, the guard's tongue doing little to satisfy its desire. Her mind vainly tried to rationalize what was happening to her. The strange chill on her exposed flesh kept interrupting her thoughts of what was occurring as she knelt; a cascade of emotions and thoughts filling her mind as she lost control of what was happening to her. Although her mind seethed at how she was being treated, it was overwhelmed as her body responded, welcoming her helplessness and wanting to obey them. 

The whirlwind of confused feelings and thoughts churning inside her, only one thing was certain, she would have to follow the boys' orders or something worse could happen. As angry as Brian seemed, she was on very thin ice. Until she could figure a way out of this predicament she was forced to obey them—or so she tried to convince to herself, shamefully admitting a part of her WANTED to obey.

Brian again asked how she enjoyed her little suck-fest and Annie knew she had to answer, "Master, this slave...enjoyed her...experience. I thank you both. My only wish is to make you happy." Annie looked pleadingly in Brian's eyes, wishing the ordeal to be over.

"Good, all we want is for you to be truthful," he chuckled. "Now no more of this whining or bitching," he glared down at her. "From now on if you cop that attitude again, you WILL be sorry, do you understand?"

"Yes Master," Annie told him, all sense of self-esteem gone as she bowed her head.

"OK, let's continue our little shopping spree," he smiled, pulling Annie to her feet by her collar, her thoughts still focused on the conflicting emotions battling inside her. 

Annie noticed she was taller than both boys in her high heels. Once this would have given her a feeling of power; however, now she felt completely helpless with the control they had over her.

Brian looked her up and down, his gaze resting on the rise and fall of the exposed curves of her breasts and smiled. "By the way, I have something for you," he said grinning and reaching into one of the bags he was holding.

Annie heard a soft metallic jingle as he pulled out a bundle of silver metal and black leather, wondering what he was holding. With William's help he untangled several long silver chains and four silver-studded leather bands, the latter which he proceeded to buckled on each or her wrists, a long chain attached to each of them. Annie stood dejectedly in front of him as he bent down, placing two similarly chained bracelets on her ankles!

"Brian, please, not here," she pleaded as he continued to hook a fifth chain to her collar.

Annie's wrists, ankles, and neck were now connected by five long silver chains hooking to an O-ring hanging just below her navel, chained like some wild animal. She didn't think she could have been more mortified, yet the boys continued to find ways to further humiliate her. It was bad enough to be dressed as a slut in a public place, even used by several men she knew, but to be shackled visibly as a slave was unimaginable. She looked around embarrassed as several men sitting around them openly smiled at her predicament.

"Perfect," William said admiring Brian's purchase. He told her the gentle rustle of chains hit his ears like music as he turned Annie to face him. He told Brian he couldn't believe he had found what they had discussed, explaining to Annie while they were in the lingerie store, Brian had gone to the Adult Novelty store behind the mall to buy a few additional purchases. 

Annie stood there dejectedly; her body covered in a flush of crimson like a blanket of humiliation as she wondered at the circumstances leading to here. Brian had said she deserved it, and she thought back, recalling how school events always had the front seats packed with horny guys trying to catch glimpses of the cheerleading squad—or according to Bob, her in particular. He had often joked with her, saying it was a known fact every male in puberty had at one time or another fantasized about fucking her.

She had used her looks and body to her advantage, entering and winning several local beauty pageants for cash. Those events also had seats packed with guys not only from her high school but other rival schools as well, hooting at her during the contests, including Bob's so-called "friends." 

She was voted the Homecoming and Senior Prom Queen not due to her popularity, but due to every male wanting to see her on display, she regretfully mused. Bob had even shown her an underground poll their senior year where she was voted "girl I'd like most to fuck" and "hottest body in school" confirming her thoughts.

Annie used to feel powerful teasing men and snubbing them off, getting what she wanted and spoiling her to continue. Now here she was, standing before every man in sight chained and dressed as a personal sex toy for Brian and William's wishes. No wonder the boys were giddy with excitement at their subjugation of her as her mind surrendered in defeat on how they were treating as her being part of her fault.

"Ready?" Brian asked, smiling as he gently tugged the O-ring connecting her chains. The sound of metal echoed through the Food Court from their movement to the boys' obvious delight and Annie's shame.

Silently she followed as they led her away, knowing everyone's eyes were on her, the metallic rustling of chains bringing even more attention to her. She averted her eyes by staring at the floor as she walked; only glancing up briefly when men commented to Brian and William about their "toy" and "slave." 

Her body flushed with shame—and a growing, undeniable excitement—they led her by the chains in Brian's hand. She felt as if she were in a dream, everything happening to somebody else: this was not how people dressed and acted in a public mall!

She watched the chains sway as she moved, cascading in front of her, the familiar floor of the mall passing by beneath her long legs and high heels, thousands thoughts running through her mind.

The lights dimming caught her attention as they entered a store. She looked up, discovering they had entered a novelty store selling gag gifts, posters, black lights, and other paraphernalia. The whole store was darkened with the glow of black lights, giving an odd fluorescent glow to everything in the store.

Wondering what they were doing here, she regretfully recalled the section of adult novelties in the back and shuddered, her imagination running wild at what the boys planned to purchase.

Brian's voice calling the clerk behind the counter caught her attention, her eyes opening wide in recognition at the fat clerk, who was too involved with a magazine he was reading to look up! Not remembering his name, she recalled him as some looser from a rival school who had hit on her in the past. Although one of many had done this, he stood out in her memory in particular due to his weight and continued persistence. She remembered how every sports competition they had played against their rival school he was there, trying to talk to her, asking her out. 

Most overweight guys were too shy to hit on somebody like her, another reason he stood out in her memory. Finally she had put him off by making several remarks about being too good for him. Now Fate or bad Karma was catching up to her, here she was before him barely dressed, in tow like an animal. Praying he did not recognize her, she lowered her head to hide her face.

Hearing Brian asked if they could leave their possessions at the counter while they looked around. She was relieved as the attendant grunted approval without looking up. She did not want to be near him much longer in case he remembered her treatment of him. 

Turning to move away, she felt a tug on her chains, her eyes widening in shock as Brian attached the chains on her to a post at the counter!

"What are you doing?" she whispered looking into Brian's smiling face.

"Don't worry," he said loudly, "this kind gentleman says we can leave our belongings here," he giggled patting her behind. "Now be a good little slave." 

The sound of Brian's hand slapping the tight leather on her ass finally caught the clerk's attention as she stood there, her mouth opened in amazement, aghast at what Brian said. Tied to the counter like some animal, she watched them walk away. 

Turning to the clerk, her heart sunk as recognition and astonishment appeared on his face, quickly replaced by a lecherous grin. Without any modesty he openly appraised her body as she stood in front of the counter, lust clearly evident on his face. Averting her eyes, she tried to pretend she was somewhere else. 

To her dismay, her predicament was drawing a crowd of guys around her, chained to the counter dressed like a streetwalker. Several times she closed her eyes wishing she was somewhere else as men asked the clerk if she was "for sale," to which he amusingly replied he was just watching a customers' property.

It wasn't until later that night, as she wrote the day's events in her diary, she wondered why she didn't unhook the chains and leave; however, at the time the thought never occurred to her. Instead she stood helplessly tied to the counter, feeling more exposed than she had all day.

Word of her exhibit apparently spread, as the store filled with more men gathering around the counter, making crude comments and jokes about her. She heard guys asked the clerk if they could sample the "merchandise" or if there was a "satisfaction guarantee" on her, as well as other similar jokes as she stood there completely humiliated.

Trying to keep her mind off her surroundings she hung her head to focus on her clothes as all thoughts of the crowd suddenly vanished from her mind. Mortified she saw numerous fluorescent splotches on her bustier and skirt glowing brightly from the black lights of the store. The neon stains stood out like leopard spots on the black background of her clothes as Annie realized the lights were revealing every drop of dried cum on her! Recalling semen was effervescent; she wished she could crawl into a hole, conscious of how she looked in the glow of the black lights.

Her nose again became aware of the pungent smell of cum emanating from her, revealing the origin of the stains to those near. Ashamed to look up, she saw bright fluorescent splashes of dried sperm on her arms, chest, and legs as well. As if that was not enough, she saw her reflection in the glass counter top, appalled to see her hair completely glowing, her face covered in liquid neon splashes around her mouth and lips! Tears welled in her eyes as her heart sank, knowing the men saw her for what she was, a complete cum slut.

Immediately her thoughts disappeared as a hand pulled her head up by the hair, staring in surprise at the face of a tall stranger. He repeated his question which she had missed, lost in her dismay, "I said what are you?"

Her mind in turmoil and not comprehending, she mumbled, "What? I, uh, I don't understand."

His hand tightened in her hair, the pain causing her eyes to tear up more as she once again became aware of her surroundings, her body covered in glowing cum stains. "You know exactly what I'm asking...what...are...you?" he said slowly through clenched teeth.

Annie could not believe a complete stranger was treating her this way. She felt she was falling even deeper in depravity and humiliation; until now being on display while people made jokes and stared at her was the most she thought would happen. This was completely different—here was somebody actually touching her! 

Before today, she would have yelled at him in anger and disdain; however, as her servitude took hold she diverted her eyes from his face, ashamed. The thoughts of the crowd flooding back to her awareness, yet knowing what he wanted she quietly whispered "I...I'm a slave."

The man smiled as she heard men around her chuckle. Asking where her Master was, her mind exploded in shock as his other hand slid across the bare skin of her back, pulling her close to him. Feeling the man's bold touch on her skin, she was appalled at the feeling of her body becoming excited, unabashedly leaning against him.

Her silence caused the man's expression to get angry as the hand in her hair tilted her head back painfully. Tears again forming in her eyes from pain and humiliation she heard him repeat "I asked where your Master is?"

Annie quickly told him they—to which the man smiled—were in the back.

At his release of her, she turned towards the counter, at odds with her emotions of both relief and disappointment at the absence of his touch. 

Glancing up, her face continued to blush in shame at the grinning face of the overweight clerk, now fully aware of her appearance under the black lights.

The man spoke briefly to the clerk asking who she was with, the clerk describing William and Brian. As quickly as he appeared, he turned and walked to the back of the store. 

Thankful the man was nobody she knew, the invasion of her space as he touched her was prevalent in her thoughts. Grateful none of her friends shopped here without her, she knew now how she appeared and could never have lived down her embarrassment.

Looking down she tried vainly to ignore the steady stream of comments occurring around her, wishing to run away as the bright green-glowing stains in her reflection again drew her attention.

Her mind reeled in shock as she once again felt a hand slide on her lower back, the touch reawakening her body. Thinking the strange man had returned, she looked up at the smiling face of an old, silver-haired man standing at the counter purchasing some items. He smiled back at her, his hand gently rubbing the bare flesh of her back as the clerk rang up his order. Other than his hand on her and his brief smile, he acted like she was not even there. Then without so much as a glance in her direction, he paid his bill and turned away, his hand briefly sliding over her leather-covered ass.

Horrified, Annie realized the first stranger's touch on her was a "green light" to the other men around her to become bolder. Her silence interpreted as approval, men began lining up at the counter to purchase items, all an excuse to touch her!

At first the touches were just guys wrapping their arm around her waist or rubbing the bare flesh of her lower back. Her mind too preoccupied with shame to do or say anything, she stood silently facing the counter, her back to the crowd wishing they would disappear as her body became aroused at the continued touches.

Then to her shame the touches became braver...

The first was a small Asian man. Standing only as tall as Annie's breasts, she felt his hand on her back slowly slide under the waistband of her skirt, his fingers sliding between the upper crack of her ass as he gently rubbed her. Her mind rebelling in horror, she stood there in silence, involuntarily moving her hips back, her body welcoming his touch. As with the others, he paid for his merchandise and was soon gone.

Barely glancing at the next man, she shuddered as he placed his hand on the back of her upper thigh, her mouth silently whispering no as he smiled at her. Again noticing the clerk smiling, she froze in horror as the man's hand slowly slid up, cupping the cheek of her ass and gently squeezing. Although her mind rebelled, her body once again betrayed her as her breath came in short gasps, the touch of the strange man arousing her. She felt herself long for his touch to continue as he moved away, his purchase complete.

Another man stepped to the counter taking the previous one's place and she again felt a hand on her skin, burning like fire as he gently rubbed her bare ass. No longer aware of the crowd, Annie's lust focused on the sensations of the man's flesh upon hers, her body covered in warm desire as goose bumps rose over her skin.

Another customer replaced the last, again feeling his hand, soft but firm, squeeze the back of her upper thigh. His had too slid up her bare cheek, giving a firm squeeze as an audible sigh escaped her lips as she leaned against the counter. 

Her ragged breathing betrayed her lust as she stared into the eyes of the clerk, who was smiling at her and ringing up the purchases of the man feeling her. He was enjoying his position watching her being groped by more and more men.

She did not even turn to look as the next customer's hand firmly gripped her ass. The force of him causing her to put both hands on the counter for balance, her mind clouded with desire. All too soon his order was rung up and bagged as Annie's body longingly felt the absence of his hand as he left. 

She did not have long to wait as another hand slid up her thigh, again pressing firmly. Leaning further into the counter trying to keep her balance, her body instinctively pushed back her hips as the stranger squeeze her ass, aware of the feeling of his finger slowly sliding towards the crack of her rear exciting her more.

Suddenly she let out a moan as the sensation of the man's finger entering her pussy exploded into her mind. Realizing her legs had been parted for balance leaving her completely exposed, he slowly worked his finger over and in her slit. Annie's body was reacting in ways she never felt as the man's finger rubbed her. 

Looking again into the clerk's eyes she no longer felt embarrassed, the cloud of lust betraying her as all thoughts of humility left. Her mouth slightly parted as she panted, she moved her hips slowly in response to the stroking of the stranger's finger. 

His purchase completed, he moved away, a small whimper betraying her body's loss of his digit; however, his hand was immediately replaced by another. Seeing a man as obese as the clerk standing next to her, she stared blankly as her mind filled with desire. Without preamble his hand cupped the crack of her ass, a finger sliding easily into her wet slit. 
