 Chapter 6a – Cleaning up for the Party

Previously I described how my fiancée Anne-Marie was coerced into having sex with William and Brian, two guys she babysat when teens. Annie is a natural tease, and had told me how she purposely tormented the boys when babysitting them by dressing up in sexy clothes and occasionally flashing a bit of skin at them, acting as if she were unaware of her actions. It was a game to her, continuing until they "excused" themselves and went to their rooms, amused knowing they were jacking off to thoughts of her. It was her method to get them out of the way to make babysitting easier. Now 18-years-old and almost out of high school, the boys were seeking revenge on her for teasing them all those years.

I have often fantasized about Annie with other men, and the circumstances leading to her seduction were partly my fault. We had teased each other all night before she went to babysit Brian's baby sister, neither of us aware the boys were watching us outside their house. As I dropped Annie off she had guided me to the back of the house, arousing me with a partial blow job which the boys used against her, threatening to tell their parents about her "improprieties" unless she gave them similar treatment. As additional leverage, they reminded her Brian's parents owned the bank where Annie's family had a large delinquent loan. With the threat of Brian telling his parents about her indiscretions and fearing retribution towards her family's financial status, as well as her body being aroused from our make-out session, she ultimately gave in, allowing them to dominate her.

Things progressed further the following week when they revealed they had secretly recorded her having sex with them, using it as additional blackmail leading to Annie becoming more entrenched in their schemes to make her their sexual play toy. The threats of placing her family's bank loan in jeopardy and me finding out about her cheating gave them enough leverage where she could do little against them.

Annie is very sexual with an incredible "supermodel" figure—long legs, long auburn hair, and a well-tanned 36C-24-34 5'11" body—maintaining her athletic figure from high school cheerleading by working out regularly. She has received several offers for modeling; however, knowing such careers could be tenuous, she wanted to complete her college education to have a "fallback" job if modeling did not work out. With threats of the boys making the videos public and ruining her career, her school, her parents' loan, as well as myself discovering what she had done, Annie succumbed to their perversions.

Exerting their control over her, they dressed her up in a slutty leather outfit and took her shopping for more provocative clothing, displaying her body for all to see. Annie was both mortified and excited at her public display as men continuously leered and fondled her in the mall. The boys gained further control over her by spiking a drink with a "recreational" sex drug, lowering Annie's inhibitions and making her extremely aroused, becoming a willing participant to their debaucheries. 

Researching the drug, I discovered it was experimental to treat sexual dysfunction in women; however, due to its extremely high potency and side-effects leading to nymphomania, the drug was unavailable commercially. It only affected women who normally enjoyed sex, making it of limited commercial use. Women acted out sexual tendencies they already had deep within themselves, precluding its intended use to treat frigidity unless the woman was previously sexually active. In Annie's case, all shyness and self-decorum were banished and she entered a state of perpetual arousal, desiring sex, no matter with whom.

While shopping at the mall and aroused from the influence of the drug, she became a willing participant in an oral gangbang with my own buddies from work in a mall bathroom. Not satiated, she was later seduced into fucking a group of strangers after the mall closed. In her diary—which I read without her knowledge—she was ashamed to admit enjoying the experiences, yet horrified of me finding out and leaving her out of jealousy or anger.

As if the circumstances with the boys were not complicated enough, my work buddies were now formulating plans on blackmailing her from her mall blowjob incident, having photographed her exploits with their cell phone cameras. In spying on them and listening to their conversations, I knew the guys had something planned this weekend at a pool party we were scheduled to attend, planning to trick me into leaving Annie alone with them.

Instead of being upset at her predicaments, I was incredibly turned on. I know Annie loves me and want her as my wife; I am proud she is desirable to other men. To me there is a difference between making love with somebody you love and fucking for only sex, and I was incredibly turned on by her being used as a sexual play toy, knowing she truly loved me as I did her. I had often suggested to her having recreational sex with other guys, the thought turning me on, though she refused. Even my friends' plans for her did not bother me; instead I was trying to figure out how I could watch them while they thought I was away!

The combinations of watching her being used and reading about her episodes of lust and feelings in her diary has excited me to no end as her story continues...

********************

Friday I drove to Annie's house, not having to work until later in the evening. After reading about her escapades with Brian and William earlier this week, I was longing to spend some "quality" time with her. Inwardly I wondered if she would follow their orders of not having sex with me unless they approved. I had mixed feelings, aroused knowing she was in their sexually depraved clutches, but also so turned on I wanted to have her myself. 

Even more on my mind, I was anxious to read her diary and find out if anything happened Thursday, unable to have the chance to read her diary yesterday.

Wondering how to get a chance to access her diary before work, the front door opened and my mind went blank as my mouth fell open in amazement—I could not believe my eyes, Annie looked fantastic! She was obviously wearing another outfit the boys had forced her to buy, doing so all week, each outfit becoming more and more revealing—and this one was the best—a beige two-pieced skirt set showing more flesh than it concealed as I stared lustfully at her exposed body.

The top was a bandeau-type halter consisting of little more than two squares of material centered over each breast—the tight material fully outlining her nipples and leaving little to the imagination. She was practically topless, all sides of her firm breasts exposed, the tight halter doing little more than providing support and pulling her breasts together. The top opened in front, fastened by two half-dollar-sized silver rhinestone-studded hooks in the shape of horseshoes, causing one's gaze to focus on her accentuated cleavage.

The second half of Annie's outfit was a pleated sarong-like micro-miniskirt barely reaching her upper thighs to cover her crotch. The skirt was as revealing as the top, fully open on one side by a six-inched gap completely exposing her left hip and thigh connected with a matching rhinestone appliqué. 

The outfit was so revealing it was readily apparent she had nothing underneath, recalling the boys' orders to not wear underwear. I wondered whether she was following their orders or the outfit prohibited her wearing anything underneath as it exposed every part of her. 

Completing the outfit, Annie wore a pair of brown and gold sandals with 6-inch stiletto heels, the gold straps wrapping up her calves in a crisscrossing pattern, accentuating her long legs perfectly.

"Wow, you look incredible!" I ogled at her, stating the obvious truth.

In response she threw her arms around me, giving me a deep French kiss I eagerly returned. My mind briefly flashed to her last two kisses having cum on her lips from recent blowjobs of Brian and William, but there was nothing but the faint taste of mouthwash as her tongue danced eagerly with mine.

I wrapped my arms around her, pulling her into me as I gently massaged her bare ass cheeks, my cock hardening against her body. Annie moaned softly, her body pressing into me further, knowing she was as turned on as I was.

"I see you're happy to see me," she grinned evilly, her hand cupping my expanding groin and giving a playful squeeze.

I was about to answer when the phone rang, startling us both. Giving me a promising grin, Annie went to answer the phone. 

I took in her sexy beauty, staring at her long legs and exposed flesh. The dress barely covered her ass cheeks as she walked away, her bare back and long legs causing my blood to pulse rapidly as I stared at her; however, my attention immediately focused on the conversation when she answered the phone.

"Oh, hello Mrs. Strauss," Annie said, catching my notice. She glanced at me nervously as she listened on the phone, and I wondered if it involved Brian and William's exploitation of her. "Yes ma'am, I'll be right there," she said, looking at me as she hung up the phone.

"That was Mrs. Strauss," she explained nervously. "She sounded upset and was calling from her car phone asking me to meet her at her house as soon as possible."

I could tell Annie was concerned, possibly wondering if Mrs. Strauss had found out about her liaisons with her son and his buddy William. Or maybe worse, could she have found the DVD's the boys had filmed of Annie's "sexploits" at the mall? Obviously Annie wouldn't confide in me, but the worried look on her face easily betrayed her thoughts.

I did not believe there was anything to worry about. Annie was older than the boys and although she had babysat them when teenagers, nothing had happened until now when they were of legal age. Even though Annie was a few years older, it was not enough for a scandal, other than her own belief in it causing a rift between her and I. Annie's paranoia about her image and personal embarrassment, as well as the possible implications in regards to her family's finances, were clouding her reasoning. 

It was her parents' friendship with the Strauss family preventing the bank foreclosing on their loan and putting her family in further financial difficulties. Although Annie was concerned about something happening to jeopardize that, I doubted Mr. and Mrs. Strauss finding out their son had sex with a girl he's known for years would do much to harm their friendship.

"Want me to drive you over there?" I asked innocently, my mind pondering what was going on.

"No!" she exclaimed anxiously. Catching her composure she smiled at me, "Sorry, just hoping nothing is wrong. No, I better head over there myself. I'm not sure what she could want," she answered, "but I better go over now." 

Preoccupied with her thoughts, Annie gave me a quick chaste kiss on the cheek saying she would call me later as she walked out the door. 

Normally Annie would not have been caught dead in public dressed--or undressed as she was--but with her mind preoccupied, she gave it no thought as I watched her walked to her car. The light beige material of her outfit matched her tanned skin perfectly; at a distance anybody would take a double glance to see if she was even dressed. My attention was especially drawn to her tight skirt fully outlining her ass and barely covered her ass cheeks as she walked.

Annie's sudden change in attitude was unusual, and her abrupt leaving dressed as she was made me wonder if Brian had actually been on the phone and not his mother demanding her presence. Was Annie only saying it was Mrs. Strauss so I would not suspect anything?

Alone in her house, I knew this would be an opportune time to read Annie's diary; however, my curiosity on what was happening with the Strauss' won out, so locking the door, I ran to my car to follow Annie. The view from the side of the Strauss' house into the living room window could be used even during the day without being seen, as the side of the house was well-shaded, the adjacent garage preventing anybody from seeing me even from the road. My only concern was getting there without being observed.

Waiting until Annie's car pulled out of view down the road, I quickly turned onto the street, taking a different route to the Strauss residence than the one Annie usually drove. Racing like a madman to the Strauss' neighborhood, I parked a block away so Annie would not see my car, then cut through the woods neighboring the Strauss' yard. Hoping nobody saw me, I moved to the side of the garage where the large bay window of the living room was located.

As I neared the window I could tell it was opened to the summer breeze, the sounds of the television readily apparent. Staying in the shadows of the adjacent garage, I slowly moved behind a bush by the window and peeked into the house.

Once my eyes adjusted to the inside lighting, I observed Brian sitting on the couch in gym shorts and a tank top watching ESPN's Sports Center, no sign of Annie or his mother. I wondered if my suspicions were correct about the call being from him instead of his mother and wondered where Annie could be. 

As if in answer to my thoughts, the doorbell rang and I realized I had arrived before her—Annie had probably driven slower than usual, apprehensive at what may occur, while I had been going fast in anticipation. 

The shrubbery by the window blocked the view of the front house, so nobody—particularly Annie—could see me from the street. Looking inside I watched Brian turn off the television and get up from the couch to answer the door. 

I moved to the corner of the house to hear what was going on as the sound of the door opening drifted to me.

"Why Annie," I heard Brian say happily from around the corner, "did you miss me so soon after yesterday you came here to service me?" I heard him ask.

Hearing Brian's statement, I knew I needed to read Annie's diary, as he had obviously paid Annie a visit yesterday, but my attention was distracted by Annie's voice.

"No," Annie answered him, exasperation clearly apparent in her voice, "where's your mom? She called asking me to come over as soon as possible." 

I heard the voices fading as the front door closed so returned to the window, realizing it actually had been Mrs. Strauss Annie talked to on the phone, more perplexed at what was going on.

Peering into the screened window I saw Annie standing in the middle of the living room, again amazed at how incredible she looked. Her high-heeled shoes emphasized her legs unbelievably, the thin material of her outfit doing little to hide her sexy body. 

Seeing her standing dressed so provocatively I was proud to know there was not one guy from puberty to death who did not appreciate her figure and looks, Brian's gaze upon her confirming my thoughts.

"Where is she?" I heard Annie asked, ignoring Brian's blatant lecherous stare at her body.

"She's at the bank," he answered, "and not sure why she wanted you here. She knows I'm here alone, unless it's a little gift for me," he grinned wickedly. "I do enjoy what you decided to wear for me," he said, moving closer to her.

Annie tried to ignore him; however, she would not upset Brian due to his quick temperament changes. Her posture slumped slightly as she realized her compromising position: dressed—or undressed as the case may be—in front of Brian.

"I'm glad I please you Master," she said dejectedly, her gaze lowering, knowing insolence would be useless.

Brian smiled. "Oh, you always please me you little slut," he said, "but I would like to see more." Smiling at her, he turned on the stereo with the remote control, the heavy beat of a club song starting to play loudly, the heavy bass vibrating my skin even from outside. 

I watched fervently as Brian reached up to Annie's top, his fingers quickly twisting the rhinestone appliqué and unsnapping it, the top springing open as Annie's breasts spilled out, the material falling to the floor.

Two weeks ago Annie would have blushed in shame, her arms covering her naked torso in front of another guy; however, now she stood still, looking directly at Brian as her breasts rose and fell with her quickening breath, mesmerizing both Brian and myself. There was little reason for her to be shy in front of either Brian or William, having been used and exploited by each repeatedly. Instead of blushing in shame, her nipples visibly hardened from the exposed air and obvious excitement of being uncovered before a man.

The steady beat of the stereo played in the background with several moans and focusing on the song I almost laughed out loud, quickly covering my mouth as I realized it was appropriately playing Britney Spears' song "Get Naked."

Brian smiled at her body's obvious reaction, slowly reaching and grasping her right nipple between his thumb and forefinger. Annie elicited a small moan in queue to the song in the background, her eyes closing in obvious ecstasy. Seeing her reaction Brian grinned, both hands moving to caress Annie's breasts in rhythm to the music as she stood before him, small intakes of breath coming from her opened lips. 

"Lovely," Brian said smiling. I noticed his gym shorts slowly coming to life outlining his large cock as he caressed my fiancée's breasts. Having watched Brian and William fuck and use Annie, I knew he was well endowed. Although typical high school "nerds" outwardly, both boys had sizeable cocks and the growing bulge in Brian's shorts looked like he was hiding a small baseball bat in his pants.

Still smiling, Brian bent down, covering Annie's left nipple with his mouth as she let out a louder moan, Brian's tongue obviously teasing the small nub. This time Annie's hands did move, not to cover herself or push him away but to pull Brian's head further into her breast, her hands slowly running through his hair. She let out another moan as her head tilt back, again closing her eyes. 

I knew the moment Brian bit her nipple as Annie gasped out an audible "Oh!" as the music continued to throb in the background. Annie's hips were slowly swaying to the beat of the song as I stared transfixed at the incredibly erotic sight before me: my gorgeous fiancée in the middle of a room half naked, another man sucking and caressing her tits to her obvious enjoyment! I had to adjust my own hardening cock in response to the sight.

I could tell Annie was becoming more aroused from her movements as Brian literally made love to her breasts, her head thrown back as she relished the sensation, her ass slowly swaying to the beat of the song.

Her hands continued to hold Brian's head to her breasts as her head moved on her shoulder, her hips continuing to sway to the music. From my viewpoint I could see Annie move her hips to the side, realizing her thighs were clenching in rhythm to the song as I realized she was clenching and unclenching her pussy in arousal!

The sensual scene continued as I stared mesmerized at Annie's acceptance of another man being intimate with her as the song played. 

I watched fascinated as Brian reached down, his hand sliding up the inside of Annie's leg as she spread her legs apart, giving him access to her slit. She gasped as I realized Brian was rubbing her as the song slowly ended. Abstractedly I wondered what the next song on the sound track would be when my attention suddenly turned towards the street, a car's wheels screeching as it pulled into the driveway, loud enough to catch even Brian and Annie's attention. 

I watched as Mrs. Strauss got out of the car, not seeing me at the side of the house, being well blocked by the hedges.

Movement inside caught my attention as I saw Annie quickly fastening her top back on and adjusting her breasts while Brian turned off the stereo. I heard the car door shut and Mrs. Strauss' high heeled shoes clicking hastily on the walkway as she moved to the front door. Looking back into the room I saw Brian smile at Annie's flushed face as he sat back down on the couch. Looking at Annie, he slowly put his finger in his mouth, savoring the taste of her before turning the television back on, continuing to watch Sports Center like nothing had happened. 
