 This goes back, back to high school and just before we all split up for college. There was a group of us who hung out together. All very different, jocks, a couple musicians, a couple good ol' farm boys (grew up in the Midwest...), scholars and just regular guys. We dated a bit, but most of us didn't have a steady girl and some of us even dated the same girls from time to time...a few of them became a part of this band of about 8-10 guys.

One girl, Janet, always was "one of the guys"...cute, but a bit of a tom boy. She had dated several of us...and by dated, I mean going out, maybe a movie, maybe mini golf. I can't recall anyone saying they had gotten to second base with her...maybe a good night kiss, but nothing much.

So in the summer between our senior year before several of us were going to college and before the full time jobs kicked in for the others, we had some time to kill and some steam to blow off...we took hanging out as serious business!

One day Scott gathered some of us together and said "tomorrow, 2 o'clock, meet down at the forest preserve...got a surprise for you all!" That was all he said...then he smiled and left. "See ya there!" The forest preserve had been a great place for us to meet, hang out...trees, a lake (really more of a pond), and best of all very few people. We could go, drink, smoke a bit...maybe make out...as long as we cleaned up and didn't make too much noise, there were no problems! And it promised to be a nice July day...hot but dry...didn't realize it then, but it would be hotter than I could imagine!

2 o'clock came and we were all there...except Scott. Dan and his brother Dave, the two musicians, Tom, one of the jocks, Bill who would go on to be my college roommate, Craig our science geek, Art who had a flair for engineering and fireworks and me. We had parked in the lot and taken the short hike back to a spot we had claimed...some logs set up to sit on, a fire pit to have for a small fire when it was dark and cool and a view of the lake.

After a few minutes we heard someone coming, figured it was Scott, and when we turned, saw that it was him...and Janet. Not unusual, but usually if one of the girls came, several would be here. Janet said a quick "hi", but her eyes said more...I hadn't seen the devilish look and smile she had before. But I liked it! She had jean shorts and an baggy t-shirt on...just like the rest of us, but she looked a whole lot better in it than any of us.

Scott started off..."You are probably wondering why I called you all here today..." Scott often used tired old lines...I think he borrowed this one from an old murder mystery where the detective is about to announce who the killer was...we groaned.

He continued "Hey, wait...you will like it, guaranteed...you all know what a circle jerk is, right?" We nodded...but what did this have to do with Janet? To our understanding a circle jerk was a bunch of guys (like our assembled group...) who sat around and stroked off until everyone came... We had even heard of a variation where there was a target, a cracker, and the first person who shot his load had to eat the cracker after everyone was done...something we all agreed was not going to happen if - and a big "if" there - we ever had a circle jerk...

Scott kept going...Janet at his side..."so I was telling Janet about it and she said it sounded like a great idea...and she would like to watch! She giggled a little, and added..."I do! And I don't mind being the target! But one rule...you can't touch me! I want to watch, but I'm not interested in a gang bang! Got it?"

Silence was the loudest sound I had ever heard at that moment.

Art was the first to ask "Sooooo...how do we start this off? Any method? What do we do?" A little nervous laughter, but he had said what we were all thinking...

Scott looked at Janet and she looked back and stepped forward a little... "Well, I'm putting this blanket down...I'll lie here...and well...I hope you know how to do your part...". We did. Janet continued..."Maybe you just need a little incentive..." With that she pulled her t-shirt off...revealing a bikini top...then her shorts...with the swim suit bottoms. All were neatly filled...funny...I had never noticed what a great body she had. I sure did now as I felt something stirring south of the belt of my shorts. "C'mon, boys...let's see what you have...or do you need a little more?" With that she sat on the blanket and removed her top. She lay back and showed off her perky tits...round, bouncy and with the hardest nipples I had ever seen, not that I had seen that many, but these stood up like lovely firm erasers...that stirring continued!

You could hear eight zippers in unison. Then the rustling of shirts coming off. Pants dropping. We looked around, most of us were in tighty whitey shorts, Tom had boxers...he said for the extra room. Scott who had known what was happening was the only one who had come "commando", naked under his shorts. We bent and scurried out of our underwear. Each of us had tan lines, the white asses would have blinded anyone who caught a look!

We watched Janet take it all in...that devilish grin and look in her eyes was back. She must have approved... Taking a glance, I could see we were all a little different...Dan who had the nickname "Brillo" because he had the best curly afro I had ever seen on a non-black, non-Jewish guy was uncircumcised and had a reddish bush of pubic hair that was like a mini version of his 'fro. His brother Dan was also uncut, but his hair was dark. Tom was not kidding about needing some extra room in his shorts...his cock dangled, not a little intimidating. We were all in the process of getting erect. Some of us expanding rapidly and the dicks began pointing to the sky.

Quite a sight, now, looking back, all the naked guys still with socks and shoes on, but naked with erections standing around Janet with her exposed breasts. We began to touch our cocks, rubbing them slowly at first.

Janet spoke "C'mon guys...come in closer...no touching, but you don't need to be THAT far away, and maybe you need a little more incentive..." She reached down and slowly slid her bottoms off...wiggling her cute little ass on the blanket, moving it down a little slowly until her dark bush came into view. And as she removed the bikini, a flash of pink, two of the prettiest lips I had ever seen! It could have been my imagination, but I swear I saw them getting bigger and wetter as we watched her lay back down. The with a modest flip, she closed her legs and the view was gone. For the moment.

A couple of us started it. Stroking our cocks a little faster and getting down to our knees and moving around her. We closed in, still a foot or so away from her. She must have liked what she saw, she was looking around at each of us, all of us fully aroused, stroking like crazy. The sound of our hands rubbing our hard cocks and our heavier breathing was all you could hear. Janet's soft white skin, also marked with tan lines and a fine dark bush of curly hair was all we could see.

Slowly her hand moved to one breast and she caressed it...and her other hand moved down to her crotch... The legs parted slightly - there were those pink lips again! Her fingers found it and began to move in a circle. She moaned lowly. We moaned too!

Tom was to my right, Bill to my left, we were all stroking, practically in unison. Although Tom was initially bigger, once hard, we were not that much apart in length. I had a little bigger head - my brother said it was to keep my hand from slipping off - but a little smaller shaft. Bill was thick...I guessed about two inches across, but the head was nearly the same size. So we all were a little different. Variety, the spice of life. Janet was still rubbing her wet cunt, but watching each of us, approvingly. She said "How about we make it interesting...grab your neighbors' dick...rub it for him...how about it guys...it'll get me hotter!" Yeah, like that was possible. She was the hottest thing any of us had seen! Naked, fingering her pussy, bouncing tits, yeah, definitely hot...

It caught us off guard, we stopped a second, or maybe paused is a better word as we looked to each other. I decided what the hell, and reached over to take Bills' dick in my hand. I'd never touched another guys' cock. Well, not on purpose, anyway. Maybe once getting dressed or in a shower...but there it was, hard as a fucking rock, in my hand! And it didn't feel bad! Bill's eyes met mine. Funny, I had never realized how blue they were. Then I felt it, Tom had reached over and was rubbing my cock! It felt good - I'd had a handjob before, but usually it was dark, and it was either my hand or one of the couple of girls I had been with. Tom's hand was a little more calloused, rougher, but not all that bad. It was a firmer stroke and went all the way around.

Janet watched, her eyes got bigger - as I looked around it was a regular daisy chain with all of us stroking another. Janet rubbed more with renewed vigor. "Oh fuck yeah, guys! Do it! Stroke for me...I want your cum...I wanna see it!" Oh shit. Cum! I hadn't though about that. What if I came first. Would it be enough? Where should I shoot it? What if I made an embarrassing sound? Awwww shit!

Janet must have sensed the question "When you get close boys, move in...shoot it on me...I want to see it...feel it...give it to me!" That just made us stroke a bit more. Surprisingly it was Scott who started us off. I could see the glisten of precum on most of our cocks. The hard rods had turned red and even a purplish hue and glistened. We went back to stroking our own, and Scott moved a little closer, stroking fast and giving little grunts "unh...unh...unh...". He stiffened a bit and suddenly a white streak of hot cum came forward from his cock...followed by another and another. The first burst flashed across Janet landing between Bill and I, the second landed on her white breasts as she gave a little "Ooooo..."

After that it was a bit of a blur. One after another cocks stiffened, we groaned as we reached climax. I remember my own cock starting to spasm, harder than it had cum in, well, ever. My offering landed around her navel and seemed to make a white, gooey lake right there in her belly button.

All the while Janet lay back watching it. Taking load after load of our semen. She smiled and her eyes met each of ours, she actually liked it. She really liked being covered with our cum!

All I can think to compare her body to was a streusel pastry, you know the German kind that has the white frosting drizzled all over? Not sure if "PopTarts" had been invented yet, but that was what it looked like. She had streaks of our jism all over her torso, covering from her tits to her pubes. She saw that we were spent and went to work on herself. Harder than before, fingering, rubbing and moaning. Writhing before us. Her fingers dipped inside her, rubbing her clit, disappearing inside her to appear glistening with her own juices.

Finally she arched and a low moan began. Then it looked like waves were washing over her and she began a "yeeeeesssss"...that hissed and came from deep inside her as much as from her vocal chords... Then, as we kneeled around her, mezmerized, she sat up. I saw my own cum start to run down from her navel into her bush of hair.

Janet got up, and running to the lake said "Who's in for a dip!" Her white ass running into the lake was quite a sight! Not quite as much of a sight as eight white male asses chasing after her! We splashed and enjoyed that water as never before.

Finally after a few minutes we all climbed out and sat naked and dripping on our log circle and one laugh began, not sure by who, but in a moment we were all laughing...and then after a few moments we dressed.

As we left the park that day, we knew we would not be the same. I don't recall a hotter July day since that one in the forest preserve with that group of friends.