 Annie and I were on the way home from another fantastic trip. We've found a tropical paradise, a remote place with crystal clear water and great snorkelling. It's a quiet place and is very relaxing. We've visited twice and are thinking of making it a regular escape from the cold winters of our home city. No – I won't be telling readers where it is.

We'd returned from our favourite outer island to the main resort area. It was two nights there and then another boat back to the airport and home. We were checking in that afternoon and saying hello to some of the locals. I looked along the counter and saw a couple, younger than us, with their two young kids. They were rather attractive. Certainly I liked the look of the woman as she seemed to carry herself in a very sexy way. I guessed they were just arriving, maybe having a few days on the main island to start their holidays. 

My eyes caught his and I smiled. He smiled back. I also noticed that he took a nice look at my Annie. I took another glance at the woman with him and we smiled at one another again. That's when I decided I had to act on my hunch. 

After lunch I figured they would be down at the beach with the kids. The snorkelling is not so great there but its an OK spot for kids. For sure they'd be heading out soon to one of the nearby islands where its quieter, there's fewer boats and the family could relax a little more and enjoy the local wonders.

We exchanged a few looks and I tried to show enough interest - but not too much. She was pretty sexy but he had to be comfortable with it as well. Mind you, Annie got into the action as well and in the end there seemed to be enough flirting to know that we were onto a good thing.

At one point Sara, the wife, was down by the water with their youngsters, wrestling with their snorkelling gear. I casually approached Mark, the husband, and introduced myself. They were an English couple, mid 30s and the kids were aged 9 and 7.

Mark and I spoke only briefly. I was confident they'd agree to a proposal but I had to be careful not to cause a scene. 

'Annie and I enjoy having fun with new friends. We think the four of us could have a lot of fun. Would you both consider joining us after dinner?'

Mark knew what I was asking and he seemed relaxed about it. But they had the kids in tow. I offered to find someone at the resort who'd be able to arrange a babysitter. I know a number of the staff by name and theirs is a culture where kids are greatly valued and always well cared for. I didn't want to pressure Mark but there were only two nights to make something happen. Annie loves chance encounters like that, especially if there's a nice new cock involved. It would be the perfect way to end the holiday. 

All the time Mark and I were speaking I could see Sara stealing glances at us. Later Sara confessed that Mark had mentioned he'd had the same thought when he'd seen us at reception. Sara had known straight away that she was interested. Mark explained that they were teachers and had needed to save hard for this trip. I wondered if being teachers also made it hard for them to indulge in other pleasures. It looked as if they were going to get more on this trip than they'd planned for. 

Mark was tall and a little pudgy. Not exactly Annie's type but he was good looking. She liked his black-rimmed spectacles. He had big hands and we all know what that's supposed to mean. 

Sara was quite tall as well, already well tanned and with short, dark hair. She had curves in all the right places and I liked the way she moved. Her backside was well rounded and I didn't mind at all that she had a bit of meat on her bones. Her breasts looked like probably D-cup. The most important thing was that Mark and Sara were new to us and hopefully ready for the kind of fun Annie and I enjoy the most.

As usual, we'd been having plenty of good sex on this trip. The heat and the outdoor activities had kept Annie's fire stoked. Seeing her slender body and her golden Chinese skin in the sun, watching her in and out of the water in her bathing suit, had been making my cock hard over and over again.

The second outer island we'd visited had only a few visitors and plenty of secluded places down by the water. It was humid and sticky but each night in the cooler air we'd gone and found ourselves a private spot on the sand. We'd fucked right there, in the open air with our towels underneath us and the bright stars over our heads. One night I'd sat in the shallow waves with Annie across my lap, my cock deep in her cunt and fucking until she'd needed no more. Another night I'd finished by shooting my cum all over her chest and tummy and then I'd massaged it all into her skin. We'd lain together panting as my cum dried on her and then entered the warm sea to wash her clean.

On that first night with Sara and Mark our fun was pretty much limited to dinner. They wanted to check us out a little more and we were happy with that approach. It was a nice way to spend an evening.

Mark had made sure to mention that he and Sara weren't 'heavy swingers'. It seemed they'd not done much more than same-room sex with some friends back in their university days. 

I arranged things at dinner so Annie was next to Mark and I was next to Sara. She seemed a little uncomfortable at first but gradually became more and more relaxed with my finding excuses to touch her hand. Annie and Mark were busy touching one another under the table. He was game, but I understood that he wouldn't go further than his wife could handle.

We enjoyed their company and I especially liked Sara. She was quiet but not shy and I liked her strong English accent. She knew what was in the offing but had decided to play things cool for now. Maybe Annie and I seemed a little more hardcore than she was comfortable with. Annie likes to take the opportunity of a new cock on a regular basis but not everyone is like that. Still, I'd seen enough to find a pleasant challenge in Sara even if I didn't get to fuck her. 

The four of us took a short walk along the beach after that first dinner. Somehow Annie managed to get Mark's arm around her. When I was sure that Sara was happy with that I placed my arm around her. I think they both enjoyed the attention they were getting from us. Sara even let me put my hand on her arse once we turned and headed back to the resort. Annie took the chance to give Mark's cock a little rub through his pants (she told me later) and he'd acted a little shocked.

We split up and went to our separate rooms. Sara wanted to get back to her kids and I knew they'd de-brief one another. Annie and I quickly shed our clothes and she insisted I fuck her long and slow on the bed. I fingered her cunt while kissing and cuddling her until she came repeatedly. Later fucked her for as long as I could while I had two fingers gently massaging her arse hole. 

At breakfast the next morning Mark quietly asked if they could see us again that night. 'Dinner and maybe we can do something together after. If you and Annie still want to.'

We did. Mark repeated his caution that he and Sara didn't 'do a lot of this really'. I could see that Mark was very keen to have his way with Annie. So it was important that we didn't rush Sara. Maybe having the kids so close was making her self-conscious. But she'd not protested when I'd felt her bum and I was keen to see if we could lower her guard.

We saw them a few times during the day but not much was said. We exchanged plenty of horny looks though, each couple eyeing off the other. Each of us knew the night ahead was all about physical pleasure. 

That night at dinner the sexual tension was obvious. This time I slid my hand between Sara's thighs and she didn't resist at all. I managed to work her dress up high enough so I could feel the soft skin of her upper thighs. She was warm and smooth and seemingly enjoying my touch.

Mark was trying his best to be an attentive husband. I knew it was hard because there was no doubt that Annie was pressing herself against him and rubbing his cock under the table. She'd already told me it seemed like a good size and I knew the longer she was next to Mark the more she would want him.

We skipped dessert and took another short walk along the beach. It seemed the perfect way to make sure everyone was in the mood. There was a little spot that was screened from view by a rocky outcrop and some palm trees. We paused there, quickly making sure there was no-one close by who could see. Then we swapped as we'd done the night before and again Annie quickly had Mark's arm around her. I followed suit with Sara, moving carefully as I still wasn't certain how far she was prepared to go.

This time Sara seemed not to respond to me. I realised she wasn't even looking at me. Instead her eyes were fixed on her husband and my Annie as they began to softly cuddle one another there on the beach. I moved behind Sara, my arms around her waist. Annie and Mark obliged with a small show, the two of them sinking to their knees and slowly kissing. They were holding one another, seemingly fixated on their new lovers. Sara didn't move her eyes, not even when I pulled her closer to me, hoping she'd feel my stiff cock through her thin dress.

Now was the time when Sara would either call the whole thing off or surrender to the inevitable. I moved my hands up and softly cupped her big tits through her clothes. Again, I got no reaction. Sara was still captured by the sight of her husband making out with another woman. I could feel her breathing, though, and I could tell she was turned on.

I was just about to slip my hands inside her dress when I saw Annie whisper to Mark. I knew what that was about. Annie was ready to head back. I gave Sara a soft hug and whispered to her too. 'If you would like to, now is a good time to come back to our room.' 

Now Sara turned and looked at me. She looked gorgeous out there in the dim light and I could tell she was horny but nervous.

'You and Annie do this a lot. I mean, you seem very experienced.'

'We've done it from time to time.' That was a small lie. 'We have some regular friends back home.'

'Mark told you, didn't he, that we've never done this?'

I smiled, hoping she would get the message in the gloom out there on the beach.

'We played around once, with friends,' she went on. 'We were in the same room. But I've not done anything like this since I was younger.'

That was perfect as far as I was concerned. I was enjoying that English voice of hers and I wanted to enjoy her body as well. 'You don't have to do anything you don't feel comfortable with,' I tried to reassure her. 'But I can tell you that Annie wants to be fucked by your husband and I think we both want to watch that.'

Sara turned her gaze back to the other two. I think she might have even gulped. 'Yes I do,' she breathed softly.

The other two were on their feet again, Annie taking Mark's arm and almost leading him back along the beach. I felt my usual glow of pride at my Annie being so strong and confident. I took Sara's hand and we followed behind them.

Minutes later the four of us were inside our room. Annie dragged Mark over to the bed, him content to let her lead. Myself and Sara took a position on the small sofa where we could watch and make-out ourselves.

Annie, turned-on by the warm night air and the prospect of a new cock, quickly stripped off her T-shirt and her pants. She was braless and wearing only lacy 'boy style' kickers. She was making me extremely horny just watching her so I was certain Mark would not be able to resist.

I'd been telling Annie how much I wanted to see this new guy suckle on her long, dark nipples. I always want to watch people enjoy her nipples. So she pulled his head to her chest while she groped between his legs. Mark obliged and latched onto one of Annie's teats with his mouth, at the same time trying to help Annie remove his loose pants. 

I was already cuddling Sara and things seemed to be going well. Just like on the beach, she couldn't take her eyes off the other two. I took the opportunity this time to slide a hand inside her dress and gently fondle one of her tits. They were full and warm. Right then I wanted those big tits so badly. 

On the bed Annie and Mark were groping one another with passion. His cock was free now and Annie had a firm grip. It looked a nice size and I could see it was as hard as steel. Annie would want him inside her very soon. 

Mark had his hand down her knickers and I guessed his fingers were inside her because Annie would be sopping wet by that point. She loves the feel of flesh in her cunt. She even prefers fingers to toys. If Mark did things right he'd soon be rewarded with one of Annie's shuddering climaxes.

Still Sara was watching them intently. As I was cuddling her close I could feel her breathing becoming faster and more shallow. All the more so since I was fondling her tits at the same time. I wanted to ramp up her arousal.

'Look at them,' I whispered to her. 'Look at your husband and my Annie. This is why we play with other couples. I love watching other people get turned on by Annie.' Sara just gulped. The sight on the bed was having a similar effect on her. 

'If we let them,' I went on, 'those two are going to fuck each other. They are going to fuck one another while we're watching them.' Sara gasped a short 'yes.' Her nipples were hard and soon she'd allow me access to the rest of her body. I leaned around and kissed her softly. Her lips responded but I knew she was still watching the other two on the bed.

'Would you like to see that? Would you like to see our spouses fuck each other in front of us?'

'Oh fuck yes. I wan to see what his big thing looks like inside another woman.'

'Well Annie is not much of a watcher. She is more of a doer.'

'She is so beautiful,' Sara murmured. I smiled. Once again my Annie, with her sexy body and her sexy mind, had done the trick. She is beautiful and the sight of her having so much pleasure had finally convinced Sara that she did want to join in with us.

'So are you.' I assured Sara. 'You are very sexy.' Slowly I reached up and undid her dress. There was no resistance. In fact, Sara shuffled around so I could get the dress off completely. She was left wearing only a bra and what looked like a fairly skimpy pair of knickers. I decided to get the bra off as well. Two large, brown tits spilled out, probably D-cups and with thick nipples that were as hard as pebbles. 

I heard myself moan and took her tits in my hands as our mouths met again. After two kids, Sara's breasts were still firm and round, the skin so soft. Quickly I moved down and began to suckle on those gorgeous fleshy globes. Her nipples seemed to grow in my mouth. From the bed I could hear the sounds of Annie enjoying herself. Sara was watching them and I hoped she'd want the same.

Sara moaned a little herself once I started to flick my tongue over her hardened nipples. She even turned her body a little more towards me. Sara was getting comfortable. She began to pant her lust at me as I continued to enjoy her big tits. I wanted to fuck her so badly. All that wonderful sex with Annie had gotten me very heated up as well. Suddenly, having access to Sara with her tanned skin and her fleshy tits was starting to make me lose control.

But Sara still had her focus mostly on the other two. 'She has such a nice bottom,' Sara murmured aloud, staring at Annie. I had to agree about Annie's pert little arse. I broke away from Sara's big tits and looked over to the bed. Annie was now totally naked and murmuring her lust to Mark as he fingered her cunt. She was trying to keep his long cock in her mouth. That gave me an idea.

'She's sucking on his cock. You're watching your husband's cock being sucked by another woman. Do you like seeing that?'

'Yes, I love it,' she panted at me.

'You like sucking his cock too, don't you?'

'I love it. Mark lets me do it whenever I want.'

Right then it all got too much for Annie and she started on her first orgasm of the night. Not too hard but a nice shuddering orgasm that would be coating Mark's fingers with her juices. I had one of my wicked ideas.

'You should go over and help Annie,' I said to Sara. 'Go on, go and help her suck your husband's cock.'

Sara just looked at me now, as if a little unsure. Then she gave me a big grin. She was enjoying the show but she wanted to suck his cock as well. I nodded my encouragement and Sara slowly rose and moved to the bed. Annie saw her coming and gave me a quick look, watching for signs of jealousy.

'That looked like a very nice orgasm of yours,' I said to Annie. 'Sara wants to help you give Mark a little fun in return.'

Fortunately, Annie is very good at sharing. She smiled and made room for Sara. The teacher was no longer so shy, not with a chance to suck her husband's cock. Mark was looking a little incredulous. But everyone was very happy with our little arrangement. Annie helped Sara get into position and before Mark could say anything the two women were bent down over his rock hard tool. I couldn't see much of what they were doing but it seemed like Annie was taking first turn with Mark in her mouth while Sara was playing with his balls. 

I heard Mark swear something and groan loudly. He couldn't believe his luck as the two women started to suckle noisily on his cock and his balls. For me the important thing was that both women now had their arses stuck out, as if they were being presented to me. It was too good a chance to pass up.

I quickly stripped and stood behind them, rubbing my hands over those arses and enjoying the contrasting sizes and shapes. Annie is tight and rounded, a delight for any arse lover. Sara had more meat and bent over like that she was very inviting. What was more, in that position her skimpy undies were covering even less than before. I could see there was a thick bush under there and some of her dark brown pubes were peeking out around the sides of her knickers.

My hands roamed across those butt cheeks and neither woman protested. So I let my fingers slip down into the two cracks and pressed forward to find two hot, wet slits. 

Sara didn't flinch at the touch of my fingers between her legs. She was warming up nicely. Sharing hubby's cock with her new friend had obviously made her decision for her - she was going to play and she was going to be fucked. Annie knew what I was up to and she moved her hips back towards me, a slight moan escaping from her lips wrapped around a strange cock.

I didn't want to distract the women from their mission. But I wanted to get my fingers wet. I slid two fingers inside Annie – easy enough as she was fully naked and sopping wet. I had to use my free hand to wrestle Sara's skimpy knickers down. But by now quiet Sara had gotten a lot bolder. Maybe it was the fact that her husband's cock was leaking pre-cum into another woman's mouth. Whatever, Sara got up from Mark and swiftly discarded her knickers. I got an eyeful of her mature, sexy body as she moved in close to me.

We hugged quickly and I once more grabbed her full arse, this time pulling her closer to me. My other hand was moving down to her bush when I felt Sara's hand grab my hardened cock. That was good. Sara wanted to get to business. She ran her hand back and forth along my shaft, stroking me firmly, sampling my erection. It was the first new cock Sara had experienced for a long, long time and of course I was totally at attention for her.

On the bed Mark was between Annie's legs, his mouth moving straight to her hot cunt. Annie spread wide, confident of what was happening and what she wanted. Sara paused for a moment. What should she choose? She sat on the edge of the bed, amazingly holding my cock in her hand as she reached out and grabbed Mark's rod. Was it a fantasy of hers to hold two cocks at once? Certainly it was double the pleasure for Mark as his wife stroked his cock while he pushed his face into Annie's gorgeous cunt.
