 Annie loved Craigslist. She could find anything there. A few days ago she found what she wanted – someone willing to gather up a group of men and set up a gangbang. She'd been feeling the itch for something wild and this would be wild indeed.

She set the limits quite clearly. She wanted to pull a train. No oral, no anal. The guys would all get their chance to fuck her pussy but could cum anywhere on her body. Safe sex only. Annie hated condoms but hated the idea of bareback with strangers even more.

She sent along pictures of herself. Annie was average in most respects. Brown hair, brown eyes, curvy figure. She knew she didn't get many second looks from guys but she was used to it. Average doesn't draw much attention. She would be getting plenty of attention tonight.

Per the organizer's request she wore her best lingerie. The royal purple set off her pale skin nicely and she had matching high heels from a wedding. She hoped her request for cocks over 6 inches would be honored as well.

Arriving at the hotel she walked into the lobby looking for the organizer. Mike was there wearing the red polo shirt that made it easy to identify him. They had met once before when she answered the ad so he wasn't a complete stranger. He would make sure they followed her rules.

He smiled as she walked up to him. "I'm glad you showed up. You wouldn't believe how many women flake out after setting up one of these. I know there's going to be some very happy guys as well." He took her arm gently.

They rode the elevator in silence and reached the room quickly. Annie was flushed with anticipation. "Let me go over your rules again. You want to be blindfolded. You don't want anyone shooting on your face. You're OK with them holding you down as long as they don't go above the shoulders. Pussy only. Condoms so they can choose to come inside you or on you. No oral either direction. No pictures. Safe word is 'cat'. Everyone gets at least one turn." He looked at her seriously to make sure he covered everything and that she agreed.

Annie listened closely and nodded at each statement. "I think that about covers it. You picked the guys based on my requirements? No small cocks and no limit on how large?"

Mike nodded. "You also specified no more than six guys but you didn't want to know exactly how many. I can tell you if you want to know now."

She shook her head. "I may ask after but I don't want to know now. I want the surprise of not knowing how many different cocks will be in me." She smiled a bit at the thought.

He smiled back. "OK then. Off with the clothes and on with the blindfold." He stepped back to give her space.

Annie put her bag in the closet and started undressing. She had thought ahead enough to bring a complete change of clothes even though what she was wearing would stay clean. The underwear might not survive and she really didn't want to wear the heels any longer than she had to. She packed her clothes into the bag so she would be ready to go quickly when it was all over.

Standing in front of Mike she felt pangs of anxiety. She was about to let a group of strangers fuck her. She set herself up for this, she asked for this. She took a deep breath, held it, and then let it out in a shuddering sigh. "Blindfold me."

This was the moment Mike had been waiting for. He knew she would go through with it now. They always had that moment of doubt right before it started. At least the good ones did. He felt his cock start to get hard. He liked to organize these and he liked to watch. It's why he did it. Gently but firmly he tied a black silk scarf over her eyes.

He led her to the bed and pulled back the covers. He knew from experience hotel sheets tended to be rougher and gave better traction. He kicked the bedding into the corner so it was out of the way. Gently he guided her to sit on the edge of the bed and arranged the blindfold a little better. "I'll be watching and make sure no one gets out of line."

Annie was getting wet from the new situation. She couldn't see a thing and the waiting was driving her excitement higher every minute. Soon she would hear the door open and then the fun would start. Her fun, her pleasure, her fantasy made real.

She jumped when she heard the knock on the door. All she had was sound now. She couldn't tell how long it took for them to arrive and by the sound of it some of them arrived together. The number of times Mike opened the door didn't match the number of people. She really didn't know how many men were looking at her right now. Annie shifted and enjoyed the feeling of the bed gently rubbing her panties against her wet pussy.

Mike was talking to them softly enough she couldn't make out exactly what he said. She caught a few words and knew he was repeating the limits. There were some questions in different voices and one was loud enough for her to hear. "No pictures? C'mon. Just of her pussy." Mike replied and she could tell the guy wasn't happy. After a short dispute she heard the door open again and someone left.

Annie relaxed even more. Mike was going to make absolutely sure her limits were respected. She didn't care if the men respected her as a person. She wasn't a person. She was a body to be fucked. But she was going to be fucked by her rules or they weren't going to fuck her at all.

"Stand up babe. Show us what you've got." A strange voice was telling her what to do. She stood up as she thought "Mike is going to let them take over now." Taking a small step away from the bed she turned in a slow circle and let them see her from all sides. She was careful to make sure she knew where the bed was and stopped when she completed the full circle.

"Mighty nice."

"She ain't no stick figure. She got some curves on her."

"Damn I like the ones who do what you tell them."

The voices were spread out more and she could hear clothing hitting the floor. The sounds of belt buckles and shoes were louder and made her breathe faster. A group of guys were stripping off and watching her. She ran her hands up her torso and lifted her breasts. Smiling a little she ran her thumbs over her already hard nipples.

She felt bold in her anonymity. She could do anything here and it wouldn't leave the room. Gently she pinched her nipples through the lace of her bra. Annie slid one hand down until her fingertips were just inside her panties.

That seemed to be what they were waiting for. She felt warm bodies in front of her and next to her. Two different hands pushed her hands away from herself and latched onto her breasts. Another hand reached down between her legs. She had to widen her stance to let his hand reach her pussy.

Her wrists were held and pulled down so her hands were suddenly holding two cocks. She let her head drop back as the sensations ran over her. The cocks she could feel matched her requests. Both were long and one was thicker than the other. Stroking them she marveled at the differences. The fingers between her legs pushed her panties to the side and teased her clit.

"Oh yeah. She's going to be all kinds of fun. She's already soaked."

"Feel these nips. They're hard as rocks." 

The one on the left suddenly pinched and pulled on her nipple causing her to gasp and arch her back. The one on the right took advantage to grab onto more of her breast and knead harder. They weren't being as gentle now that they saw she liked it a little rough.

Someone got behind her and firmly moved her away from the bed so he had room. "Strip her. I want skin." He was holding onto her waist as he pressed a hard cock between her ass cheeks. Again she could feel length and thickness but had no way to judge how much of each. He was humping himself against her and started sliding the panties down her legs.

In no time at all Annie was surrounded by men while wearing nothing but three inch heels and a blindfold. Hands were all over her body and the one in front of her suddenly pushed two fingers into her sopping pussy. She gasped at the intrusion and the rest of the guys took advantage to attack her breasts. She was being finger fucked while her tits were being kneaded and her nipples rolled and pulled by expert fingers. The guy behind her was the one lifting and squeezing her breasts for the ones on her nipples. She kept stroking the cocks in her hands and found the thick one was also longer than the other.

"Get her on the bed. I want some of that." The man behind her moved out of the way while he said it. The hands never left her nipples and the fingers stayed in her as she was lifted and laid on the bed. The men moved with her to stay on her body as the cocks were pulled from her hands. Someone pulled off her shoes and she heard them hit the floor.

Annie was squirming on the bed as these men used her body for their pleasure. Her pleasure seemed to be a side effect they enjoyed as well. She felt hands on her blindfold and froze. "I'm just adjusting it. You're moving a lot." Mike's soft voice reassured her and she felt the knot move to the side of her head and tighten. "Now you can lie all the way back. Go with it."

The bed moved as multiple bodies joined her. Once again cocks were put into her hands and these were different ones. Eagerly she explored them. Very long but slender. Shorter and very, very thick. The fingers inside her were removed after one last hard thrust inside. Strong fingers pulled her nipples up hard enough to lift her breasts before letting them slide out.

Hands grabbed her ankles and pulled her legs wide open then pushed her knees back towards her head. It stretched her but wasn't painful. It also didn't get in the way of her hands or the hands on her. Her pussy was on display and she could feel a line of wetness dripping down her slit and asshole. "I'm loving this! Mike was right that it would be wonderful!" Annie was in bliss as she thought this but only moaned out loud.

She heard the sound of a condom wrapper being opened then someone moved between her legs. She couldn't move as she was held firmly in place. The guy on her left moved away to be replaced by yet another cock for her to hold. By this point she had lost track of them and couldn't tell if this was one she had jacked before. This one was slick so he must have put some kind of lube on himself.

Annie felt a cock nudging her slit. She wanted to push back on it but couldn't. There was a line of fire connecting her nipples to her clit. The one on her right moved away so her hand was free. "Hold me babe. Guide me in." The one who was going to take her first wanted her to help him with this first time. She was going to be a willing participant in her gang bang.

She just held the cock in her left hand as she reached down with her right. She wasn't that coordinated. Her hand wrapped around hard latex covered cock right behind the head. She couldn't feel his body against her hand so he had some length to him. Rubbing her clit with the head a few times she moved him down so he was pressing against her opening. 

Annie moved her hand away as he pushed just enough to seat himself in her dripping pussy. He shifted his hips a little and put his hands under her ass to lift her higher. There was no way she had any control over what was going to happen.

The guy on her left started moving so he was using her hand to stroke his cock. No coordination was necessary on her part. She couldn't think of anything except the fucking she was going to get. Different hands on her tits pinched her nipples firmly and held on. The only person moving was the one fucking her hand.

At some signal she couldn't see it happened at once. Her nipples were pulled hard enough to stretch her breasts and the one between her legs filled her with one thrust. She screamed at the sensation and when someone rubbed her clit she went over the edge. Her pussy squeezed the cock inside her hard as her hand clamped down on the cock she held. 

Quickly her right hand was pulled over and wrapped around another slick cock. The five guys got into a practiced rhythm of three cocks moving at the same time and her breasts being squeezed and twisted to match. She came again quickly and the hands tightened on her ass. 

"Man. I wonder how many times she can come."

"Let's find out. Give it to her good." 

The cocks were pulled from her hands and someone latched onto her clit as the first guy picked up speed and pounded into her. The sound of the fucking was wet and sloppy along with the slap of his body hitting hers. 

"Don't take all day man!"

"Fuck you. This is prime pussy!" The man fucking her said this from between gritted teeth as he put everything he had into pounding her hard. She screamed softly as she came again and it took him over the edge. "Oh fuck she's milking me!" He changed to short hard strokes as he came. He pulled out in one fast move.

The bed dipped as he was replaced by number two. "Lemme feel that while it's still tight." He pushed on her thighs as he drove into her. He was thicker but not as long as the first guy and she clamped down on him. "She wants it hard. I'll give it to her." He leaned forward and burrowed into her. He stopped when he was fully in. "Someone get between those tits. She's only letting us use one hole."

Annie felt something cool and wet between her breasts and the hands squeezed her one last time before moving away. The second guy started a strong fuck that kept her on edge. Someone knelt over her and put both hands on the outside of her breasts. The body on top of hers settled closer and a cock dropped onto her chest. Quickly he pushed her tits together and held them in place while pinching her nipples. He started thrusting to match the one fucking her pussy.

"OK. I'm gonna fuck her good now." With that as her warning he leaned back and started fucking her hard and fast. Since he was leaning back the only sound was her wet pussy as he moved in and out of her. The one fucking her tits slowed down and was taking long leisurely strokes. The difference was amazing and she came again. The guys were learning her body and someone gently pinched her clit while her nipples were abused. Another hard orgasm ran through her body.

"Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!" Number two froze inside her. "She made me come!" He sounded disappointed and frustrated. "I didn't want to come yet!" He pulled out slowly to enjoy as much as he could while his dick softened. "I gotta get hard again before this is over."

Titty fuck guy moved off her and another one took his place. He added more lube and was twisting her nipples every time he pushed forward. The bed dipped again as the next one lined up for his turn. Annie was in heaven at all the cock she was getting. "At least three to go. Maybe more if the first ones can get it up again before I'm worn out." She was feeling the effect of coming so many times.

Fuck three was long and thick – a combination of the first two. He varied it up with long deep thrusts then short hard ones. She felt him as deep inside as he could get and that triggered another orgasm. He had more control and let her pussy milk him before starting again. The guy on top of her switched with someone else who wasn't interested in her nipples, just the feeling of her breasts wrapped around his cock.

"Here it comes. Fuck me dry!" The last was almost a shout as he pulled back and slammed into her his full length. His body hit her clit at just the right time for her to have yet another orgasm. They came together and she had a brief wish that she could be filled with cum from all this. Guy three was finishing his own orgasm with short strokes just inside her pussy.

He was panting as he pulled out of her and she had a mini spasm when he pulled his cock out. The one fucking her chest moved off and they let go of her legs. She let them flop down on the bed and wondered what they were going to do next. She didn't have long to ponder it as she was flipped over and pillows were put under her hips. Her legs were spread again. Strong hands gripped her waist and lifted her up as some more pillows were jammed under her. They knew what they were doing as her knees were held open by the pillows and her ass was high in the air.

She felt a finger hook inside of her then pull her juice up to her asshole. "You sure we can't have some of this? Look at that thing wink at me." His finger was running around and over her hole but not trying to push in. She moaned a little at the feeling. "She likes it." He got some more of her wetness and started pushing harder at her asshole.

"Nope. No ass. Her rules." Mike's voice was near her head as her blindfold was moved back into place. She hadn't noticed it sliding off. "If you don't like it you can leave." He was next to her and put one hand on her hip. He seemed close enough to keep the guy from doing it.

"I was just asking. It looks so good." He caressed her one last time before moving his finger away. "From what I've seen that pussy is fine enough for me." He started rubbing his cock all over her pussy and getting himself wet. She gasped as he used the head to circle her clit hard and fast. "Don't want her to cool down quite yet." He moved his cock into position.

As he pushed the head into her she could tell this was the short and thick cock. Her lips stretched to take him and she let out a long, low moan. He stopped at the sound. "She going to make me stop?" He was obviously talking to Mike. He didn't pull out but he also didn't move forward. She already felt stuffed in a very good way.

"She didn't use her safe word and she didn't tell you to stop. I think she's still good to go." Mike sounded cool and confident telling this guy what to do with her. From the sound he was back in his chair. "Do what you want until she says otherwise. She's here to be fucked."

Annie's pussy spasmed at the crude words and fuck four hissed between his teeth. She hoped he would take it slow but didn't tell him that. She wanted to feel his cock stretch her wider than she had ever been stretched and knew it would happen however he wanted. She came here to be used and wouldn't change it now by telling them how to do it.

"I gotta see this. I ain't seen this except in porn. I wanna see that pussy stretch." She recognized the second one's voice. "Man I wish it was her ass too but pussy is just as good." She couldn't tell how many of them were around the bed watching her get fucked.

Once again the crude words made her pussy clamp down. He must have felt it too and chose that moment to push another inch into her. "Ooohhhhhhh..." Annie couldn't keep quiet as he opened her up. It felt like he was shoving a soda can in her. She was panting and felt sweat break out on her forehead. Once again he stopped moving.

"She is fucking tight. So fucking tight." His voice was as strained as her pussy felt. He was breathing heavily and she felt him move a tiny bit with each exhale. "I sure to fuck hope she isn't going to stop me from plowing her out." He was moving back and forth as he talked but not going deeper.

"Do it! I wanna see you balls deep in that pussy."

"She can take it. I loosened her up for you."

Hands reached underneath her and latched onto nipples and clit. She squirmed at the unexpected assault and ended up pushing back onto the cock splitting her wide open. She rocketed through an unexpected orgasm and felt her pussy squeeze out juices around the log being jammed into her.

That was what it took for him to give up his control. He held her hips and pushed forward without stopping this time. Annie was in one continuous orgasm from sensation overload. Her overstuffed pussy was trying to squeeze him which kept her riding peak after peak. He hadn't even started fucking her and she was already out of her mind.

As he pulled out it felt like he was dragging her pussy with him. If she wasn't completely soaked it might have hurt but in her current state it kept her at the height of coming. He forced his way back in and she saw stars as he filled her completely.
