 Another adventure for me, Annie, re-told by John with his usual embellishments. 

*

My first real double penetration was so thrilling and so satisfying. I only got to experience it recently after having to wait for such a long time. It was a big event for me and I felt great to finally cross it off my 'to do' sex list. I felt so good that John wanted to share with you readers. 

I've had both my holes filled before, many times. My wonderful John loves to fuck me with his big cock while he gives me a fat vibrator in the other hole. It is more of an occasional treat and I enjoy it very much.

My recent experience, however, was different. This last time I got a real live cock in both holes at the same time, the way a double penetration should be done. 

John had never asked me to try it for real. Yet I've known for years it was a special fantasy of his. I could not understand his reluctance to arrange a proper DP for me. He tried to explain it, saying that he felt he would be taking advantage of me. The crazy thing about that is that I love to say yes to anything he suggests when it comes to sex.

Before I met John I had a high sex drive but my sex life was very unsatisfying. I rarely got to enjoy sex, I mean to really enjoy it, and often I ended up feeling like the other person had just used me for their fun.

John changed all that and when he started to introduce me to new pleasures I was eager to agree. Whatever he suggested I always knew I would be protected and loved and I would have the most wonderful time. 

He took me way beyond vanilla sex, introducing me to new positions and to anal sex and to toys and to all manner of kinky acts. I was turned into a sexual goddess and encouraged to become a hot wife. I have had sex with other men and with women and I have sucked and swallowed multiple cocks and had threesomes and group sex. I get as much sex as I want whenever and wherever I want it. 

So I told John that I didn't want to feel left out. I wanted to experience a DP for real. I wanted to make that fantasy come true for him. I insisted that he make it so my little Asian body would be filled and consumed by two real live cocks at the same time. 

Which is why, a few weeks ago, John brought home a sexy young man for me. This guy really was young. These days John is kind of obsessed about me fucking young guys. He has chosen several for me in the past year or so and they were all young enough I could have been their mother. 

It does feel good to know that men in their twenties still lust after me. They are very energetic in bed. Of course they have the other advantage of that kind of stamina where they can cum and then keep on going all night and cum for me again. It felt odd but I fucked them anyway and they have worked out well. It John got really turned-on, too. 

I still have lovers who are around my own age. The older ones last longer and have more skill at what they are doing. I am in my mid-forties now and men and women still find me sexy and attractive. As I said, I get as much sex as I want or need.

My new young man, Vince, had the added advantage that he is a body builder, a gym junkie. He is bigger and harder than my John and that was why he'd been selected. He is twenty-six and a little cocky but he was perfect for what I wanted that day. I'd been expecting a nice, hot young man. When John brought Vince into our home I took in his big, chiselled body and I gulped. Instantly I wanted to strip him off.

We all knew what was to happen so we got the small talk out of the way quickly and soon I was in bed, naked and feeling two pairs of big strong arms holding and caressing me. I was feeling so incredibly horny and my cunt was already wet and glistening. Sex on a Saturday afternoon, my favourite. 

Like all the young guys, Vince really wanted to put his cock in my mouth. I happily surrendered as I lay on the bed and they both pleasured my body. Its not a huge cock but I was very horny and very happy to suck on him. He was uncut which was a nice change. With my hand I carefully pulled back the rest of his skin to fully expose the mushroom head. I used my tongue to explore his shape. I traced my tongue along his thick veins. His hardness felt just fine in my mouth. I made sure to give him a little extra fun by stroking his balls as I swallowed his virile young shaft.

John went down on me as I explored and his mouth was as good as ever. Then again, I was so turned on by having two naked men in my bed that I wasn't very demanding. Still, John played me beautifully as always and I shuddered and came repeatedly as he ate my cunt and Vince stroked his length in and out of my mouth. The young man was panting and struggling to keep his control. I enjoyed the taste of his pre-cum as it oozed from the tip of that delicious cock.

I made Vince take his turn between my legs. I expect that of every man I take to my bed. At the same time I got to suck on John's larger cock and thank him a little more directly for bringing home my new lover.

Vince was pretty good at oral and he had plenty of enthusiasm for the task. I was running my fingers through his dark hair and moaning my encouragement to him as he thrust his young tongue into my hole. He was skilled enough to make me cum twice, two very satisfying orgasms. I held his head tightly against my bare cunt as I let my juices flow into his mouth. 

By then, of course, I was really in need of a cock inside me. I told them both that it was time I was fucked and filled by those two rampant cocks. 

John took me first as I lay back in missionary. This is the great part of a threesome, when I get to just lie there and have the horny guys do all the work for me. I languidly spread my thighs for John, making sure that Vince was watching and could see everything. 

I got John's usual expert fucking. Vince was trying to get me to suck his cock again but I resisted. I wanted, needed, him to be hard and desperate when his turn came to fuck me. So he had to be content for the time being with me fondling his balls as I enjoyed the fucking I was receiving. Thanks to John stroking his thick cock in my cunt, I was cumming more or less continuously. I shuddered and moaned all over the bed. 

I'd asked for a DP but I found myself wanting a good long fucking from two horny cocks. I was ready to feel Vince in my cunt again. I signalled to John with a gentle tap on his arm.

I kept my legs wide for Vince and moaned softly as he put his young, muscled body between them. He was going bareback which added to my excitement. We had agreed on this and John had explained the deal to him at their first meeting. John had shown some pictures of me on his smart phone and Vince had agreed to be tested and show us the results. 

I have had enough younger guys to know I should assist Vince. I let him get into position and when he was pointing straight at my soaking wet cunt I reached down and took his young cock in my hand. He felt good, really good and I enjoyed the moan he gave me in response. Softly I guided him to my opening and held him in place as he used his muscles to enter me and bury himself in my sopping hole.

I always love a new cock and this was no exception. He felt so good and he seemed to want to shove his cock into me as far as he could. I was even more excited to have his hard, muscled body on top of mine. I rubbed my hands across his shoulders and his arms as he pumped into me. It was a thrill to feel his muscles rippling as if his lust was coming out through those big guns.

As Vince slid into me John lay down and cuddled me lovingly. I really enjoyed those few moments as I let a new cock fuck my cunt and hugged and thanked the man who'd brought it home for me.

Vince wanted to show us his prowess as a lover. He started to fuck me harder and deeper as if to show how well he could fuck a married woman. I wasn't ready for him to go so hard, however. I know I was being greedy and I was still really excited and turned-on. That was no reason, however, not to make things last and get maximum enjoyment from having my cunt slowly stroked and pleasured. So I asked my young lover to slow down and go more gently. We settled back into a more relaxing fuck as I stroked my John's big cock in my hand. 

It wasn't long before the two of them swapped again. Vince started rubbing my clit as John thrust into me. For a young guy Vince knows a woman's body pretty well and with the extra attention I just kept cumming and cumming around John's cock. 

By the time they swapped once more I was feeling extra sexy and horny and this time I got to really enjoy Vince as he went slow and gave me his full length. I rubbed my hands across his big pecs and massive shoulders. The result was another string of wonderful orgasms for me. 

John knew what I needed and the boys kept swapping and kept fucking my cunt, giving me new sensations each time they took a turn in me. I was in that special kind of heaven.

It was only when John saw I was getting a little tired that we changed pace. John rolled me over onto hands and knees and quickly re-filled my cunt with his big cock. It excites John when I offer my body in that position. I heard him mutter to Vince and I knew what John had in mind. This time I was ready to have the young cock in my mouth. He'd been such a good boy that he deserved it. 

I stayed up on my elbows as Vince took position in front of my face. Up close that young shaft looked so hard and inviting. His cock was covered in my juices, thick and tasty. I love tasting my cunt on a man's cock. Using my lips I was able to slide his foreskin right back. I moaned my delight around his shaft. 

This position is a lovely way to be fucked, just taking my time and enjoy being filled at both ends. Vince was far too excited for that. By then he was panting hard and I smiled to myself with the knowledge I was going to make the young man cum in my mouth. From John's other stories you will know not every guy gets this reward from me. We'd planned it this way, however. Besides, since I was getting the extra benefit of his gym-hardened body it seemed only fair in return that I should swallow his load.

Vince was really starting to move his hips as I sucked on him. I knew the young man was close and I was pleased he had the good manners to warn me. Naturally I took a little more of his shaft into my mouth and sucked a little harder. I felt eager and slutty for his cum. 

I heard Vince cry out and then he was flooding my mouth with his semen. The first load was a big one and he blasted it right to the back of my throat. I quickly swallowed, ready for more. 

The feel and taste of his thick cum was a beautiful reward for me. I could feel his excitement too. Each shot came with a grunt and his entire body seemed to stiffen as he let himself erupt in my mouth. He was moving his hips and threatening to choke me but I simply rode it out with him. After that first wad I moved him back a little to make sure I got plenty on my tongue. When I allow a man to cum in my mouth I always enjoy the taste and I always swallow. 

I kept working until I was sure his balls were empty. Then I just held him in my mouth for a while, enjoying that new, young meat sitting on my tongue as he slowly deflated. John kept on fucking me as I enjoyed the aftermath of Vince's climax.

We three lay together for a time after that. I was so tiny, little Chinese woman in between those two big, muscular Caucasian males. I felt vulnerable and yet safe all at the same time. 

Vince kept wanting to say thank you for letting him cum in my mouth. He didn't seem too sure as to whether he needed to thank me for taking his load or to thank John, as if my man somehow gave me permission to do such a thing.

My man is no slouch in the gym himself but with Vince so close to me I made sure I got a good feel of his young, hard body. He was very impressive and for that time I forgot all my misgivings about those sorts of men. I just relaxed and revelled in the size of his big, young muscles, the power of his arms and his massive chest. I rubbed my hands over his lovely six-pack.

It wasn't long before I saw Vince had another very large erection. I had been so turned-on all day but seeing that stiff cock just set me off. I turned around in the bed and started stroking him, one hand on his shaft and the other fondling his ballsack. Once more he looked so thankful. That's another bonus from the younger guys, they've rarely had the kind of experience an older woman can provide.

John saw what was happening and he began to fondle me in return. His hands were on my bottom and stroking between my legs so I knew he was turned-on as well. I rolled on my side to take Vince into my mouth once again and John helped me part my thighs so he could get his mouth onto my cunt.

As I say, there's nothing to beat a threesome with two guys eager to pleasure me and get me off. Even better was that I remembered where this threesome was going to end up. For a long time I'd wondered what a true DP would feel like. I was about to find out and the thought suddenly made me more playful than usual.

'I want you to fuck me again,' I grinned up at Vince.

'Just tell me when. I'd love to fuck you some more.'

'I love the feeling of your hard cock inside me.'

'You feel so good as well. Really good.'

'I want your cock inside me. Deep inside me so that John can fuck me in my bum.'

'I'll do anything you want me to do for you.'

'I've never had two cocks inside me before. This is my first time and I want your cock in my cunt when it happens.'

'Oh jesus. I am so pleased to be part of your first time.'

'Put your fingers in my cunt and warm me up.' Vince obeyed instantly and John knew well enough to give him room. 

'Slowly, slowly. Treat me gently and I'll be ready to take your cock in me soon.'

Poor young Vince was almost beside himself. This was all part of the routine we'd worked out earlier, to tease and bring out the best in the young man. We didn't want him to suddenly get cold feet and back out.

Still, he had two fingers jammed inside my cunt and was giving me a very nice stroking. I lay back and moaned my delight as John came up to present his cock to my mouth. I took John's big member in my hand and rubbed him slowly, looking in his eyes and smiling. A young stranger was fingering my cunt and soon I was going to get two cocks at the same time. It was just one of those days, the best of times I share with my loving John.

I sucked John's cock, of course, as Vince worked on my cunt. I got a lovely surprise when Vince decided what was required was for him to plant his mouth right on my cunt. I was soaking wet and so incredibly excited. Vince was a quick learner and his tongue on my clit brought me to another small release.

As good as it was, though, I was finding it hard to wait. So I pulled John's cock from my mouth and asked him softly to fuck me. 

The boys swapped positions and John quickly was reaming my cunt. I grabbed hold of Vince's hard, young body. I caressed his balls softly as we both watched John plough me with his thick, hard cock. I was careful not to stimulate him too much. Even though Vince was on his second cum shoot I wanted the final part of our play to last as long as I could. 

'Are you ready to do me?' I asked Vince softly.

'You just say when.'

'Are you ready to fuck my cunt while John fills me back there?'

'I'm ready for anything you want from me. You are so beautiful.'

So I signalled to John and he finally relented from his wonderful screwing. I was feeling so ready and so nervous at the same time. I knew I could take both cocks but this was my first ever real DP. I don't know how the men kept control because I was on the edge myself. 

Everyone got into position. We put Vince on his back and I climbed on top. Mounting that wonderful physique just made me wetter. Then I reached down and guided him to my entrance. I gave him a big smile, so happy and thrilled in myself. In just a moment I lowered myself slowly onto his young, stiff cock. My cunt opened for him and I sank down till he was deep in me. Then I sat up straight, feeling his manhood. Without thinking I started to slowly ride him.

John stood in front of me, wanting his cock sucked some more. By now I was losing control and I just gobbled him down. It was my John's cock, after all, and I was so excited and so in love with him that I would have done absolutely anything for him at that point.

When he thought he was wet enough for me John got in behind. I leaned forward as I slowly rode Vince's cock and John started to lick my backdoor for me. What a delight that was, the double stimulation of a cock in my cunt and John lapping at my anus. I don't know when I last experienced that combination and I knew if John stayed there long enough he would make me cum.

I remember Vince trying to kiss me but I wasn't really able to control my mouth enough to respond. I did try to keep my hips moving slowly on his young hard cock because I was feeling so desperate to cum again. When John slid a finger into my tight bottom to help loosen me up I just went straight over the edge. It was one of those gentle orgasms that I love. I shuddered in my usual way as my body took over from my brain. It helped a lot that Vince was gripping me with his huge arms, holding me tight so he could jam his cock into my hole.

John took charge completely at this point. After all our practice with toys we both knew the right technique. I love anal so much and its still one of the best things John ever taught me. My bum is always ready for him to slip his big cock into me. 

John lifted my hips up and I could hear him muttering instructions to Vince. The young cock slipped out of my cunt for a moment. I didn't want to wait but I knew we had to do this the right way. I didn't want to be too tight and filled to take a cock up my arse. I was in position on my hands and knees, poised over a big, muscular body and ready to be penetrated fully. 

John slipped his finger out of my bottom and I felt him spread some extra spit around my little hole. I heard him add some more to his cock as well, making sure he was nice and slick. 

Then John wedged the tip of his cock against my backdoor, ready to pierce me. I forced myself to relax and held myself steady for his thrust. I love anal in in the missionary position but on days like this I am just so eager to have him fuck me in my bottom. John knew exactly when I was ready and with a steady push he inserted the head of his cock in my soft bumhole. That first little pop of his cockhead pushing past my sphincters almost set me off again. It was a fantastic sensation and I gave up a long sigh of pleasure.

I took him easily as I always do, moaning the whole time, and soon John had thrust his way deep into my arsehole. I slumped against Vince, enjoying the sexy feeling of my insides slowly stretching to accommodate that big cock. It felt so amazingly good. In a few moments I was enjoying the familiar warmth spreading through my body. 

I heard his instruction to Vince to shove his cock back into my cunt. We all knew it would take some force. Now I lifted myself into position, John still in my bottom, poised above Vince so everyone had room to move. Panting hard, my mind on fire, I reached down and took his wet, stiff cock in my hand and held him firmly against my cunt hole. 

'Fuck me now big boy', I whispered to him. 'Put your cock in me and shove it hard.'

I felt Vince thrust his hips and the head of his cock slipped into my cunt. 'God you're so tight now,' he grunted.

'I'm filled up but you have to both fuck me. Shove it in harder. Don't worry, it won't hurt me.' At least I hoped not.

It was a good thing I was so wet, although not surprising in the least. Vince gripped me harder and did as he was told, shoving himself against me. I still had hold of his shaft, guiding it straight into my cunt. He was a tight fit but I knew I could take him. With a further grunt and a little sliding around from me and John I soon had his cock halfway into me. 
