 She had lost another bet and it was time to pay up, they were having a poker party. Pete invited some of the guys over for cards, Annie was going to be the hostess, serve drinks, food and providing entertainment. She was to wear her black nightie and a pair of fuck me heels. Annie was fretting all day has they prepare for the party, she was torn between being very excited and nervous about what may happen. 

As the guys started to arrive food and drinks were brought out, the guys started to play cards. A few comments were made on how sexy Annie looked. Her nipples drew a lot of attention since they were hard as rocks and quite evident with her nightie.

The conversation was lively as the games became more interesting. Annie ever attentive stood next to Pete as he played, as she watched Pete's hand found her very wet pussy. Sliding a couple of fingers inside, she gasps. It was evident to all the guys that Pete was playing with Annie's cunt, as she was biting her lip trying to suppress a coming orgasm.

The game finished it was time for another round of drinks. As Annie passed out the drinks and munchies each guy took the opportunity to give Annie a feel. Her arousal was shown by the blush of her face. One of the guys knock a couple chips off the table. Without thinking Annie picked them up, in the process she displayed herself to everyone at the table. Her arousal very evident to all.

She watched intently as the next hand started, as the hand played out she noticed the ever present fingers of Pete. This aroused her but also made her aware how on edge she was. 

Then she felt a second set of fingers exploring her cunt, this was too much for her to take, two fingers deep inside of her and two playing with her clit. Sending over the edge. She had to put her palms on the table to steady herself as the orgasm rocked her. Her position put her breast on display to all as her body shudder form the orgasm.

With the end of the hand the guys took a break for sandwiches, Annie was able to retreat to the kitchen. 

As Pete came in Annie said, "If the guys stayed I am afraid of what I might do. I am so fucking hot right now I am on the verge of being out of control, I needed cock." 

"Hey, babe, I know you, trust you, I will do whatever you want," he said.

"You won't mind if I lose it," she asked?

"No, you said you want to try fun things, go for it," he replied.

"You are amazing, that is why I love you," she kissed him.

Back in the living room the guys were attacking the food, enjoying a few beers. Annie strolled into the living room ask the guys it they had all they needed.

"Hey babe, come her I need a one of your awesome blow jobs," Pete said.

She hurried over, "You bastard, you know how to push me over the edge." As she fell to her knees.

With well-honed skill she sucked Pete's cock, knowing she was now on display, she had to deliver her best, for her man's honor was now on the line. She attacked his cock like she had not had him in months. 

As she sucked his cock with all she had she felt some fingers in her pussy.

"Oh, God it has started," she said to herself. 

As a cock entered her, she was getting fucked as she sucked on Pete, she did not know who but it felt so damn good. She was taking a pounding and loving every minute of it. She always wanted experience a man at each end.

He exploded inside of her as an orgasm crashed through her body, it was quickly followed up by Pete erupting into her mouth. How she loved his cum! Before she knew it she had her cunt filled again. But this cock has much longer, someone new! Her hair was grabbed as one of the guys guided her to his cock, two new cocks inside of her, oh my and neither is Pete's. New sensations, her mind was whirling, how will Pete react?

She knew how she as reacting, she was on fire, her body responding in ways she had never imaged. She could hear her cum filled cunt, taking a pounding, the suction announcing each stroke of the cock that was fucking her. She noticed a new sensation as her tits were being sucked on, each nipple had a set of lips.

The sensation of four men at one time had her body convulsing with orgasms, she no longer knew which man was making her cum, was it one or two of them? As wave after wave of orgasms tore through her body. She could feel her cunt taking another load of cum as her mouth received an additional load.

She could no longer comprehend time, the waves of sensations had her at a place she never had experienced. Cock after cock took her, all three openings were being used, not know who, where, what, it was just an overload of orgasms, her body felt like a nerve ending. As her body simply reacted to the onslaught. 

Had it lasted for an hour, two hours, she did not know, all she knew was that she was filled and covered in cum, the over flow running out of every opening. Finally, she collapsed, unable to take any more. Her eyes closed as she tried to process it all. 

The next sensation was a familiar smell, it was Pete, his arms wrapped around her.

"How are you love?" he whispered, "now you know what it is like to take on five men. You did yourself proud."

"I what?" She asked.

"You wore out five guys, you blew their minds, and they could not understand how I can handle such an amazing woman," he whispered.

"You're not mad at me are you?" she asked.

"No Babe, you are the best, I am proud of you, glad that you are my slut, love," as he kissed her forehead, "Now I want to taste you and all of their cum inside of you."

He went down between her legs to enjoy the awesome cum dripping from both her holes.