 She awoke on the living room floor in front of the fire, it was noon, thank heaven for small favors. She could hear Pete in the kitchen, probably clean up from last night. 

"OH God, last night, please make it a dream, I really did not do ALL of that did I?" she said to herself.

Pete, hearing her movements in the living room, knowing she will have pangs of guilt, he went to her and slid down next to her, wrapping his arms around her. 

"Good morning, love," as he kisses her forehead. 

"Did I really?" with apprehension she asks.

"You mean turn into a combination of Wonder Woman and Wild Woman? Yes," he smiled.

"Holy Fuck" was all she could say.

"Don't fret my love, all is good, I love you more than I did yesterday," as he kissed her forehead again.

"But," she started.

"No, buts, you really enjoyed yourself, you expressed yourself and all is good," he supported.

"Really," she said

"Really," he replied.

"Did I do all the things I think I did'? she asked.

"Well let me put it this way, the highlight reel would put to shame the top moments in the past 50 Super Bowls, you were amazing," he replied. 

"You're not mad," she asked.

"Babe, I love you for being yourself be it Wonder Woman, Wonder Mom, Wonder Writer, or Wild Woman. We are cool," he whispered.

All she could do is hug him, bit her lip hoping she would not start crying tears of joy.

"I really, like it, is that okay?" she asked.

"Totally, I knew you like to suck cock but damn girl, two at a time, OMG, you were amazing. Then they both exploded at the same time, you couldn't gobble up the up fast enough!" he said.

"Holy Fuck, I remember," she chuckled, turning bright red, looking like a kid getting caught with her hand in the cookie jar.

"Of course there was you riding Jimmy, as Tommy had you bent over fucking your ass, as you were doing your best at sucking off Ronny," he comely added. "Then..."

"Stop it, stop it right now," she pleaded. 

"What? He asked.

"You have me horny all over again, fuck, I need you so bad right now," she pleaded.

"Anything for you, love," he whispered.

"I really got turned on that the guys were bi, into share one another's cum" she whispered back. "Filling me full of cum then licking me clean. I am glad the guys gave me a break for a while and started fucking each other, it was hot to watch and gave me time to re-energize. You have my permission to have me used like that anytime you so desire, I never knew being a slut felt so good."

Later that afternoon

Annie answered the door, it was Jimmy's girlfriend, Carol from last night's poker game. 

"I hear the guys had a hell of a poker night, I am jealous, you should have invited me," she said, "I would of love a taste of you." As she walked in the house.

Annie did not know what to say, Pete was always getting her in these situations.

"Ah, I get it, you are more of the submissive type," Carol said as she grabbed a handful of Annie's hair kissing her.

Carol slid her hand in Annie's shirt twisting her rock hard nipple, as her tongue swirls in Annie's moaning mouth.

"You like that don't you," Carol whispers, "on your knees."

Carol slid up her skirt as Annie fell to her knees. Still with her hand wrapped in Annie's hair Carol pulled Annie to her pussy. Finding Carol's clit, the moans now come from a different place as Annie grabbed Carol's butt and pulls her into her mouth.

"God, yes, eat my cunt, oh fuck that feels so good," Carol cried out, "I am going to cum." As she exploded in Annie's mouth.

Carol's knees buckled from the orgasm as she fell to the floor. She started to lick Annie's cum covered face. Carol worked her way between Annie's legs, sucking on her cunt, finding her clit. Now is was Annie's turn to moan again as an orgasm was not far away.

As her back arched, Annie exploded into Carol's mouth, "Fuck, fuck, fuck, God that was amazing," she whispered, "The next time Pete has the guys over for poker, I have to be invited, and you can't be the only lucky gal."