 What do you get your husband for a twentieth anniversary gift? ...Something special and perhaps memorable. It's supposed to be something of China, porcelain, or craft-like art. I put the coffee mug down that said "World's Best Husband." I didn't know what to get him. 

That evening Rob and I talked about the milestone date and together we decided on a trip, a second honeymoon. The pressure for a traditional gift exchange was off. So like on every anniversary, I told myself the celebration would also include great sex. He always liked that and so did I! Great sex was the real expression of our love and always a nice compliment to whatever gifts we exchanged anyway. 

This time anniversary sex was nothing like I could have planned, dreamed, thought, or expected. It would truly be memorable though. 

Our relationship began when we had fallen in love on a college ski trip. Come what may with love, it was two years afterward that we planned our wedding around the anniversary of that trip. Our honeymoon back then was a ski trip in the Italian Alps. We planned this twentieth anniversary, second honeymoon, much closer to home. It was still a ski trip, just at the new resort half a days drive away. And unlike the first trip when we were excited being young lovers, our giddiness on this trip would be that of mature lovers! 

But first things first... Our passion for skiing aimed our reservations to the resort in the snow covered mountains up north. The resort had a honeymoon suite which overlooked the mountain slopes from the third floor. The latest reviews boasted of the classy amenities for the making of a luxurious stay. And at my age, I'll take the spa treatment whenever its offered. We booked it!

The resort being about four hundred miles away, we would also need someone to watch the house and feed the dogs while we were gone. These were our last obstacles to overcome before departing. The closeness we shared with our best friends always helped with a solution in these types of situations.

Tami and Eric were our closest friends. We came to know each other through our kids. Our kids were the same ages and involved in all the same activities. Consequently we were always attending the same school programs, sports events, etc. We had become such close friends that we would even plan vacations together. Their friendship was practically like an extension of our family. 

That closeness between our families was ironically, with this trip, our hardest obstacle to maneuver around. But we tried. Rob and I were determined we could make this trip be just the two of us.

Tami and Eric were over for dinner and I casually mentioned we were going on a ski trip for our anniversary. I asked Tami if she would mind taking care of the dogs while we were away. As we had hoped they became excited at the thought of our getaway. Rob and I felt relief. They were friends there to help.

Or so, that's what we thought. But they were excited in another way.

"You guys know our anniversary was last September!" Eric started out reminding us. I was perplexed at first at how he thought our anniversaries were close. I began doing the math. That was five months ago. It's now February.

Tami chimed in with her added thoughts. "We should celebrate our anniversaries together. We didn't do anything special on ours. Elsie is coming home from college next weekend. She can watch both houses and take care of the dogs." 

Rob and I were speechless for a moment. Then I remembered and spoke up, "We made our reservations nearly eight months ago." 

Rob also immediately brought up, "The chances of you finding a room are probably impossible."

I purposely added to our negative sentiment and defray our astonishment, "It would be fun if we all were up there together, but it's really too short of notice to get a room there now. Let's plan another ski trip for all of us on another weekend."

I was really hoping what we were saying would deter them. Not so. Eric was immediately looking for rooms with his phone. "Give me a moment here. I think I may have found something. It's not real close by, but close enough to go skiing. Yeehaw! But the room won't be available until Saturday." Eric was elated with his find. And he booked it! 

Our room was available on Friday so we would have to take separate vehicles. That seemed like a blessing right now. I just looked at Rob with a pretend smile and said, "Well Honey, we found someone to feed the dogs. Thank goodness Elsie is coming home. It looks like we can all celebrate our anniversaries skiing." 

Rob also let the alcohol get to him and finished up sarcastically, "Yeehaw!" And like we always get when we are drinking, we all started laughing. Rob and I were forcing our laughs this time a little more pretentiously.

How could we tell them we didn't want them to go. We couldn't, as they were now excited for their hotel find too.

It looked like we were all going skiing together to celebrate our anniversaries. Rob and I conceded to our feelings and tried to be positive. We had always got along together with them in the past so it probably would still be a good trip. Though in the back of my mind I was no longer awaiting the trip with bated breath. 

Eric was happiest now about the trip. He used to be a skier growing up and hadn't been on a mountain in years. As an accountant, sitting at a desk for the last twenty years, he had lost his athletic physique to the point of being a little round in the middle. At one time though, he was an expert skier in great shape. He wanted to rekindle that era of his life.

Rob was maybe an intermediate skier at best. Tami and I were probably closer to my ability of cautious intermediate. It was Eric though who wanted to ski with Rob. He seemed excited more so than I to be on a ski trip. Eric was excited to show Rob how to handle moguls, race the pines, and jump the tree wells. He knew us girls couldn't keep up with him. I was becoming envious of Eric's excitement. Oh boy, he and Rob will be together, skiing all weekend. How romantic is that!

****

Rob and I arrived in the late afternoon on Friday at the resort. For us the drive felt like it took a long time. A romantic dinner actually was more appealing than getting to the ski slopes. So we checked in and started our stay that way. 

The room was spectacular on the third floor with the far wall being all floor to ceiling picture windows. The view overlooked the ski runs on the mountain slopes. It was like being outside with the comfort of being inside. It was easy to just keep watching the people ski down the mountain and embark the chairlifts, over and over. 

But we dressed up for dinner and headed back downstairs, We didn't forget that right now it would be just the two of us. Perhaps our only dinner together all weekend. As old as we were now, we decided to wait until tomorrow to hit the slopes instead of trying the evening skiing. The resort lit up the lower terrain and the two main chairlifts so people could ski until 10:00pm. 

Dinner set the mood for this evening. Our table was a booth over in the corner. A younger couple behind us chose to sit on the same side of the table. They looked cozy, but crowded. It looked appealing to be that romantic. So I sat down next to Rob. After two minutes of keeping our heads turned ninety degrees to have a conversation I got up and moved across to sit opposite of him. We both began to chuckle now that we were comfortable, and caving to our age. 

During the meal I enjoyed slipping my shoes off and running my toes up Rob's leg, behind his calf to the inside of his knee. It was much more romantic now than me sitting next to him. Dinner was served first class with elegance and tasted first class with decadence. And I could use my foot to lovingly touch him with persistence. 

For dessert I played with the white whip cream on the pastry with my lips. Rob just looked at me and said, "You know I have to sit here longer when you play like that." My dinner foreplay was working! I knew what he meant and stopped to give him relief. I wanted to go back upstairs! When dinner was over, we went back to our suite knowing the best part of the evening was about to begin! 

There was a high tech element to the romantic ambience in our room. The lighting was controlled by the occupancy of the room and slowly illuminated as we entered. As we looked to the night lit slopes of people skiing, I felt as if we could be a show with the drapes open. I looked out the windows and said, "Sorry folks. You can't watch what's next." I found the remote control for the drapes and as they motorized to a close I tossed the controller on the bed, turned, and kissed Rob with honeymoon passion. 

It was becoming anniversary celebration sex night. We were half undressed when Rob started looking around the room for the light switch. He couldn't find it at first. It was connected to a master controller that operated everything from a touch screen over by the entry. While he was figuring out how to dim the lights off, I dropped my dress to the floor and stepped out of my panties. Rob had already unhooked my bra so I just tossed it aside. He turned around and I stood before him in front of the bed completely naked with a smile. 

He stood there staring at me when he said, "Here we are twenty years later. You've given me two kids, and look like a woman any man could dream about. I don't want to turn off the lights."

My heart was melting. I gave him a look with a luring smile and said, "Turn off the lights, Dear. What I have planned for you is more pleasurable in the dark." 

I began looking at his erection through his boxers and licking my lips. He finally found the lights off icon and touched it. The room was almost completely black; but we found each other halfway from where we each were. We sort of miscalculated where all the furniture was but we found each other! I helped him pull his boxers down letting his cock rub past my face. As I stood back up I stuck my tongue out to slowly trace his length before standing back on my toes for our lips to unite with passion. Then we lowered ourselves together to the floor. 

Still in a hug and kiss, and laying on the floor his hard cock found the right spot to spread my legs and he was rubbing me everywhere possible with his manhood to find my opening. He wasn't clumsy. He knew I liked feeling his cock all over me. When my love wetness was plenty, his manhood went in easy and was rhythmically pleasing. We were making love and loving it. 

As our eyes finally adjusted to the dark, I was reminded why being on the carpet was for young lovers. My orgasm was building at the same rate I felt like I was attaining a mild carpet burn just below my shoulders. Neither one of us wanted to stop, but I would rather remember the love making tonight, not a carpet burn! 

I had to tell him, "Darling, slow your pace. Let's feel this together on the bed." 

Rob pulled out of me real slow and told me that if he kept going he would probably cum soon anyway. I was about ready for my orgasm to climax too and wanted him back inside me! But after twenty years of marriage we knew exactly what to do. He helped me to my feet and we got comfortable on the bed. I quickly pushed myself up so I was leaning against the headboard. As he came towards me I grabbed his head, and guided his face between my legs. Rob's tongue was twirling around my clitoris as soon as he got there! My way to an orgasm was back on track and I would climax like this! This didn't remind me of our honeymoon. This reminded me of why I am married to him for twenty years!

I always enjoyed feeling his mouth on my clit when I climaxed. It always drives me crazy. I would run my fingers through his hair and he would gently continue to tongue twirl my clit long and slow until I helped lift his head up by pulling his hair back. That's the only way I would let him know I had enough. And other times that's the only way I could get him to stop. God bless him!

I was now ready to straddle his cock and feel him fill me up. We traded places and I mounted his manhood facing him. I slowly began a rhythmic bouncing action. My breasts bounced right in front of him which always drew his hands up. When I could, I would place my hands over his to feel his gentle massage of support. His cock was penetrating me deep. I was ready for another loving orgasm at any time.

We both were attaining such ecstasy. I could tell he was getting close to cumming now with me. He put his hands down to help push his hips up to try and drive deeper into me. His hands were just reaching for anything to push against. One of his hands found my upper thigh area of one leg. His other hand was pushing something hard against the side of my calf muscle of my other leg. My calf was tucked under my thigh as I was still riding him vigorously. When I tried to feel for what was jamming into my calf, the drapes began to open. It was the damn drapes controller! 

The controller had moved across the bed, next to my leg with all the bouncing. We both looked over astonished in the direction of the windows. Frazzled, I stopped all movement and tried to find the button on the thing to re-close them!

Then Rob yelled out, "Why now? I'm just about to cum." 

I threw the damn thing across the room and told him, "I'm cumming too." I continued my rhythmic bouncing just a few more times and curled forward feeling his cock finally throb with his love inside me.

Just experiencing great sex wasn't on our minds once we were done. The ecstasy was instantly replaced with paranoia. We both just stared out the floor to ceiling windows as we climaxed together. The drapes were now all the way open again. Neither one of us wouldn't move a muscle. We were both in a panic as we felt as if everyone on the mountain would stop to stare in on us. 

We just kept staring out the windows wondering what we should do. We were both afraid to move and draw attention. I was on top so I was slowly trying to curl my shoulders together to make myself look smaller. The room was lit only from the ambient light from the ski hill. 

Then slowly we noticed; nobody is looking at us or even looking our way. Everyone is still skiing about their business like we were invisible. "Maybe they can't see us," I said in some bewildered way.

"I don't think they can. It is still darker in here than out there." Rob said in return.

Relief was settling in and panic was going away the more we could see that the outside activity was blind of us. I slowly climbed off him, got up, and walked slowly over to the table to sit. The table was located right in front of the windows. Rob just watched me. On the table was a bottle of wine that needed opening. I stared at every skier I could lay eyes on. No one was looking up at me.

Rob finally stirred after watching that no one outside payed an ounce of attention to me. He somewhat strutted proud to be naked on his way over and opened the bottle while he remained standing. At first I thought he was crazy strutting like that. But I just smirked at him. He was proving to me that no one was looking at us. He affirmed our visibility, or lack thereof, by saying, "Every one would have stopped to look at you. I would have scared everyone away. The fact they keep skiing is proof they don't know we're here naked, looking at them."

I chuckled as he opened the bottle. We sat at the table sharing that bottle of wine and watching all the night skiers. It became obvious that nobody was looking our way! We were sitting there naked in blissful peace enjoying the view and the wine. 

We eventually got up, took a shower together, and went to bed. The drapes remained open and as the chairlift lights went out, the moonlight lit the room until we fell asleep.

*****

The next morning after breakfast we went skiing together. Tami and Eric would be arriving sometime today so we took our time on the slopes, being together. After four runs or so we were ready to sit by the wood stove in the lodge. We didn't have the stamina we had twenty years ago and that was understandably okay. The scenery was beautiful and the lodge was luxurious. It was a treat to just sit there and people watch.

It wasn't even noon yet when I spotted them, Tami and Eric. "Wow, they're here early," Rob commented. Neither one of us moved. It was as if we didn't want to get their attention. Our time, just the two of us, was almost over. It would be inevitable we would run into them at some time. About a second later my phone rang, I looked at it, and said to Rob, "There they are... Hi, Tami. We're over by the wood stove in the lodge. Wonderful - see you in a minute." 

The wood stove was the size of a car and easy to find from anywhere in the lodge. A lot of people could stand near it at the same time and get warm. 

About a minute later we were all together like in the past on most of our adventures. Eric intended to arrive early, so he and Tami had left in the wee hours of the morning. Eric was eager to take Rob skiing. Rob and I looked at each other pretentiously. We knew that our weekend together by ourselves just ended.

After some small chit chat we ate lunch right there at the restaurant in the lodge. Eric was overly eager to get to skiing though. So we ate light meals and right after lunch we went with them to get their ski passes. 

The bad part of arriving as early as they did was they couldn't check in to their hotel room, several miles away, until three o'clock. Until then we would ski which was Eric's plan all along.

The resort used a chair lift which could seat up to four people on the same chair. We all fit fine. Eric made sure we all referred to it as "quad one" so as not to make any mistake as to what lift we were riding. He also was making all the ski plans as we rode up. "Rob and I can do Devil's Passage if you ladies want to hit Squirrelly. That's a green circle, easy peasy, so you should end up at the bottom about the same time we do." 

Devil's Passage was a black diamond. Black diamond runs were way above my ability anyway. So Squirrelly, easy peasy, sounded like more fun anyway right now. 

Tami was a little annoyed that our first run wouldn't include everybody's ability. "Why don't we all do Squirrelly together, for a warm up? Or let us do Devil's Passage with you. We can do it, right, Linda?"

I was quick to respond, "I'm not doing the Devil thing. Rob and I already skied Rainbow Ridge this morning. I can do that. It was nice."

At the top we disembarked and skied over to the side. Eric led Rob to the direction of Devil's Passage. "The Devil run is awesome. I'll meet you all at the bottom. C'mon Rob. You ladies can do the Rainbow or the Squirrely. See you all at the bottom."

Rob and I looked at each other one last time. Eric planted his poles and pushed off as hard as he could. He was skiing like a racer. Rob then pushed off too, but much more gently. As I watched him ski away I sort of realized he may never catch up to Eric. Tami and I pushed off and headed for the easy peasy Squirelly run. 

It took Tami and I about forty-five minutes to get to the bottom. We stopped several times to chat. Our chatting time was out doing our ski time. So we decided to go to the lodge and have a drink. Maybe we could convince ourselves to get the courage to meet up with the men skiing down Devil's Passage. A small bar table was available over by the wood stove. So to muster up our ski courage, we sat down and Tami ordered a bottle of wine.

After twenty minutes or so of catching up on our family sagas, I finally told Tami that I really didn't think any amount of wine would give me the courage to ski down Devil's Passage. I was actually already feeling tipsy. She had already poured her second glass and I could see the affects of the alcohol taking place with her too. 
