 Rob:

My girlfriend and I had the most amazing anniversary last week and we had just had to put it down in writing to make sure we remembered all the details. It has changed everything and we are not sure what the future holds for us. We know we will be together but, well on with the story. Cindy and I had been together one year last week and I invited her to dinner at the same cozy little restaurant where we had our first date.

Perhaps a little background – Cindy and I are both divorced. She had been married to a real jerk, who didn't appreciate her and finally left for a younger woman. Cindy is a beautiful woman who deserved better and her few dates after her divorce had not been wonderful either. I had a great marriage for a number of years until my wife had died in a car accident. I spent several years alone and very sad until Cindy and I met by chance. It was not love at first sight, but we spent hours on the phone and email and then the sex. And it was great sex, and what passion we both brought to the relationship. Both of us had years of repressed sexual tension. It was great we would make love for hours every chance we got. And with each of us having children to nurture – that is not always easy – planning babysitters, making sure our schedules meshed, rides to school and well, you get the picture.

Anyway back to the events – I made reservations at this little restaurant about an hour away. We hadn't been back there since a year ago.

Well one thing on top of another, we got a very late start and I called the restaurant asking them to hold the reservation. They said as long as we arrived by 9:15 pm they could serve us and not to worry because Sunday nights were not that busy. 

We arrived just about that time, and indeed the place was almost empty. Two other couples were leaving as we walked in and it looked like there only a few people left at tables.

We asked for a private spot, I explained the occasion and our waitress took us to a corner booth at the back of the restaurant, which was hidden by the L shaped room and some very large plants. 

We decided to sit together than facing each other. After our drinks arrived we started kissing. Her lips were so delicious I couldn't help myself. We were a bit flustered when the waitress caught us in an extremely passionate kiss and had to interrupt us to take our orders. 

We had a wonderful dinner. The food was terrific and so was Cindy. We teased each other mercilessly. I would rub her legs and my fingertips would graze her breasts and she would brush her hand over my crotch.

We were pretty hot and yet going any further seemed to be totally out of the question. I have never had sex in a public place and neither had Cindy. She just looked so great tonight.

Cindy:

Rob and I were kissing. And I was getting so hot. I really could have jumped him right there. I had to take a break and excused myself to go to the bathroom. The bathrooms were downstairs. I was amazed at how beautiful the downstairs was – rich thick carpets, flowers, mirrors, marble...I didn't remember this. The bathroom was impressive as well. I stepped into the stall. I heard voices and peered out to see who was there. It was my waitress and the other waitress. They were giggling. I heard the other woman say, "You should see how big his penis is – I couldn't fit it all in my mouth. He is so hot. Last night was awesome. We were in the hall after closing just the two of us". My waitress interrupted "Enough already he's the busboy, I want Joe. He keeps flirting with me. Tonight he ran his hand up my skirt and grabbed my ass." The other replied, "Hey, remember I need to leave early tonight – so maybe you'll get lucky and have them both!" 

They both laughed. Our waitress said, "Check out this couple in my section they are so close to doing it right there" They giggled and left. I sat there thinking about what they said. And I was thinking of my Rob. I decided I would give him a real present and I slipped off my panties and then I unsnapped my bra – flimsy as it was – and pulled it off my boobs - naked would definitely turn him on.

Rob:

When Cindy returned, she mentioned she had an anniversary surprise present for me and she took my hand under her skirt. That's when I realized she had taken her panties off and was nude under her skirt. My right hand came alive and I rubbed the insides of her thighs slowly circling closer and closer. My hand grazed her short curly hair and played with her more teasing her until I could tell from her breathing she was ready and then my fingers found her labia and played with her puffy lips, rubbing up and down until I could feel her wetness. Then I plunged two fingers inside her and moved slowly those fingers around and out up over her clitoris. Cindy has this amazing clitoris that when aroused becomes twice as big and twice as sensitive. And when she starts coming she doesn't stop. And this was one of those times.

I had my left hand grazing her breast as our lips were locked in a long kiss. As I rubbed her nipple, I noticed that she was not wearing her bra any more either. Wow, how hot could she be in one night? I lifted her shirt and slid my hand under the fabric teasing her boob. Her nipple was hard and standing out from her pert breast. She gets so turned on by my fondling her tits.

Our waitress came back. Now, We were not that obvious except for Cindy's eyes being closed and breathing hard and flushed face. Okay, so maybe we were a little obvious especially since I was fondling her nipple. The waitress looked at us and winked at me. She watched us for a minute. I noticed she had a really short skirt on and very large tits spilling out of her blouse. Her tits were larger than Cindy's. After a minute or so, she turned around and went through the doors into the back. I watched her ass swing and then returned to more pressing matters. Cindy hadn't realized – she was lost in feelings of ecstasy. She was very close to coming. I was rubbing her clit and plunging in and out with my fingers.

After the waitress left, I decided it was time to be bold and I lifted her blouse and began sucking her nipple. I had both hands under the tablecloth one in her pussy and one stroking her clit. I was in heaven.

Cindy:

I have never been so turned on. Being in public, I mean I know that we were in a secluded spot and that the restaurant was empty – but still it was public. And Rob was working his magic on me – his fingers had me clutching the tablecloth. I couldn't resist and began caressing my own tit. I was pinching my nip through the shirt. Oh it felt so good. I felt so wickedly hot. Rob had unbuttoned several of the lower buttons and was biting my other nipple gently but it was making me so hot.

I snaked my hand under his belt buckle and undid his top button and slid further grasping his hard penis. I began stroking his shaft. This was just so intense for me.

I had my eyes closed and just loving it. I don't know why – all of a sudden I opened my eyes and saw our busboy. He was watching us like a hawk. His eyes were staring at me. And I noticed he understood exactly what we were doing and then I saw he was rubbing his crotch. I thought I'd give him a show. Rob was totally engrossed in me and I loved it and I could see he hadn't seen the busboy. I moved my leg from under the tablecloth so the busboy could see all the way to my thigh. Rob had rolled my skirt up to my waist and he must have thought I was moving my leg to give him better access to my pussy. Well indeed I was, since he had me on the edge. But it felt really good to show off some skin. The busboy could see my leg, and he could see that my skirt was bunched around my waist. I thought about lifting the tablecloth, but I hesitated afraid Rob might notice and get angry. And then I thought why not give the busboy a peep show. I lifted my shirt slowly watching him watch my tit as more and more of my white flesh was exposed. Finally I had my entire boob visible to him. I can't tell you how exciting this was – showing off my body to a complete stranger as Rob's fingers were thrusting into my pussy hard. I was squeezing my nip and pulling on it. I could tell this was getting to the busboy as he was really working his crotch. And he was staring hard at my boob. I could feel him licking his lips. For a second I thought he might join us. Oh, how wicked of me. Just this fantasy with Rob's fingers inside me was enough to push me over the edge.

All of a sudden my body took over and I lost all control and closed my eyes as I came in waves. Like waves rolling onto a beach. I was on fire. When I opened my eyes the busboy was gone so I lowered my shirt just in case anyone else might walk by, and scooted my leg back under the table. Rob had not noticed at all my indiscretions.

Rob:

Cindy exploded in one long orgasm. She looked at me and gave me a long kiss. Cindy straightened herself as I pulled my hands off her.She said she wanted to clean up a little, although I wanted to keep fondling her. And she got up to go to the rest room again. As I waited for her return, I realized we were the only customers left, the closed sign was now on and all of the tables had been cleaned. 

I got up to stretch and smiled to myself at just how sexy Cindy looked. I couldn't believe what had happened. We just played around in public and even in front of the waitress. I really enjoyed pleasing her in every way. I sat down and was thinking of her replaying what had just happened. And I was thinking of how hot it would be when we got back to my place as my daughter was sleeping over at a friend's house and Cindy and I would be alone. My dick was ready and willing to get inside her where my fingers had just been. I daydreamed about making love with her and teasing her tonight to see just how hot I could get her.

I then realized that Cindy had been gone for quite some time. I looked around and realized nobody was in the restaurant – no customers, no busboy, no waitress. Oh well, it was after closing. I figured I'd hit the men's room before we left and headed downstairs. 

Cindy:

When I went downstairs, I heard a strange noise – a whimpering and decided to investigate. Actually it sounded like another woman, actually just like another woman making love. I realized the noise was coming from the men's room and I slowly proceeded through the door. Nothing. And I realized the noises were coming from around the corner and I peeked around the corner. There was our waitress completely naked on her hands and knees with a naked man slamming his dick into her. I stood there riveted, unable to move, and watched them. I had never seen a couple before having sex. The man was holding her ass and pulling his dick out and thrusting hard into her dripping pussy. I was mesmerized. Oh, this was so great.

I pulled up my skirt to play with my own bare pussy as I watched the couple. I stood there getting hotter and hotter. I was rubbing my own clit. I was still wet from Rob's hand and I could feel my juices begin to flow again. I was thinking of Rob's hand, watching this couple, and feeling my own arousal deepen.

That's when I felt Rob's hands again. He had lifted my skirt and was roughly pawing my ass. Oh, it felt so good. I opened my blouse. I could barely refrain from ripping off my shirt. I just had to be completely naked, completely open to him. I just had to have him feel all of me. His fingers were rubbing and feeling my wetness. He then pulled my skirt down my legs and there I was in the men's room in a restaurant totally nude. He put his hands on my shoulders and pushed me down onto the floor and I realized I was also on my hands and knees with my ass up in the air. And I had a great close-up view of the man who was ripping into the waitress as she thrust her hips back into him matching his pulsating cock.

My attention was back to my own body as Rob's hands reached around and grabbed my boobs, roughly pinching my nipples and squeezing my tit flesh. I tore my eyes away from the couple to look at Rob's hands and his arms, as he never had been this rough with me. Don't get me wrong – I liked it – it was just so different.

When I realized I was looking at a snake tattoo. Rob didn't have a tattoo. This was not Rob. Then who? And at that instant, the strange penis touched my pussy. It was like an electric shock current jolting my entire body from my toes to the hairs on my head. I was about to get fucked by a total stranger. On the floor in a men's room – but what really was strange was that I wanted it. I wanted it badly. I really did. I just wanted a penis inside my pussy.

And this penis was big. Not just big, but huge. It opened me up as it slowly entered me. My wetness soothed it inside. I felt it part my lips inch by inch. It kept coming – going further and further until it finally hit bottom. My bottom! And then he pulled it slowly back, slowly until just the tip was inside. Suddenly he slammed into me. It took my breath away. Again. Again. I was getting hot. Really hot. This penis was so big and it filled me up and it felt so good. I thought of the other waitress and her talking about a big penis and I wondered...

The waitress was now screaming. And then she collapsed on the floor. The man pulled his dick out. It was still hard and glistening with her juices. He turned and saw me and saw that I had been watching, and saw that I was being fucked in front of him now. And he grinned at me.

Rob:

I walked down to the men's room. I heard a woman scream. Not in pain but in orgasm. What a night this was turning out to be, I figured I had take a look and see. I opened the door slowly and there was this gorgeous babe on the floor with her ass towards me, and with our busboy slamming his dick into her pussy. And not just any dick – his prick was huge. I mean I have a good-sized penis when hard, but this one eclipsed mine. I just watched as he was pulling on her tits and slamming his dick into her pussy. He would pull way back almost out and then lunge forward. I could see her juices clinging to him as he pulled out.

I couldn't see the woman's face. She definitely loved this cock. This was incredible. I was already turned on by my fingering Cindy. I unzipped my fly and began rubbing my cock watching this couple. I was just staring at the cock and the woman's pussy. It was my own private porn movie.

From around the corner a man approached the woman. He was also naked. His cock was hanging semi-hard and he kneeled in front of the woman and said to the busboy, "Damn, George, this woman is hot, I want some too" and he raised her head to his cock, "Take this, woman, suck me, baby, make me hard".

As he raised her head and stuck his cock in her mouth, I think my eyes must have leaped out of my head. As I saw her hair, her face, her tits I knew. I knew this was my Cindy getting rammed by this monster dick and now sucking another man's cock.

At first I wanted to yell and jump the two men. And then I began to feel something else, a pride in her – this was my girl and she was so hot that every man wanted her, and then I looked at her and realized how much she was loving every minute of this. She was slurping at the cock in her mouth as if it was the last cock on Earth. My own cock was hard as a rock and I was also feeling good. And the busboy was certainly having his pleasures with her. He was just pounding his cock into her. I thought it must hurt, but I realized listening to her moans that these were noises of extreme joy.

The man whose cock Cindy was sucking, turned his head to the side and yelled, "Judy get your butt over here – you have a customer to take care of." I didn't understand at first, and then our waitress walked around the corner. God, she looked good. She looked like she had been fucked within an inch of her life. And her tits were fabulous. Large sand dollar nipples sticking up from these great bouncing tits as she walked towards me with a clean-shaven pussy that was dripping wetness down her thighs.

She dropped to her knees and began sucking my cock and holding my balls in her hands. She pulled my pants down. Her eyes looked up at me with desire. I looked over at Cindy to see the two men switching places. The busboy saw me as he settled in front of Cindy feeding her his huge cock and grinned and gave me a thumb's up. The other man walked behind Cindy and without a hesitation rammed his dick in her pussy.

The waitress fell back on the floor pulling me down on top of her. Her pussy smelled so good. I lowered my head and began working my tongue over her clean baby skin. I stroked her labia and pulled gently on the folds of her skin. I stuck my tongue deep inside her and slowly rotated it up over her clit. She jumped as I hit home. I grabbed her ass cheeks and held her pussy right up to my face and began rocking her clit with my tongue. As she began to push her pelvis into me grinding her clit on my mouth, I reached for her tits and felt those massive boobs and those rock hard nipples, squeezing and sucking. I had her entire body twitching with lust and I realized that she had just been fucked. She still smelled good and she tasted sweet like honey. If Cindy could have two men, I would enjoy our waitress...

Cindy:

I was getting fucked. This was one of my fantasies being with two men. I had seen porn movies and still shots but here I was and I was the main event. My mind was whirling. My body was screaming. One dick in my mouth and another in my pussy. What a night. And not just any dick in my pussy but this monster of a dick that was hitting me in places I didn't even know I had. And then to my surprise, the two dicks switched places. I wasn't sure what was happening. I just knew I needed more. The busboy's penis was incredible. I couldn't take it all in my mouth. And I could taste my own juice – I could taste me. The other man pushed his penis into my sopping wet pussy. And then his fingers found my asshole. My whole bottom was wet and he was using my wetness as lubrication and suddenly his finger burst into me. Rob and I had only played a little with my ass; this was different as the stranger slipped a second finger into me and then a third finger. He was matching the thrusts of his dick and his fingers.

I was trying to concentrate on the penis in my mouth. I could feel it growing even larger. I knew he was close to coming. As I held his penis and swirled m tongue over his tip, I felt the penis pull out of my pussy. I expected it to be back, suddenly the fingers slipped out of my ass, suddenly his penis was brushing against my untouched hole – I wanted to scream – but the penis in my mouth filled me and gagged my yells. And then the penis was pushing inside. It was so tight. It hurt. I wanted to cry. I did cry. But the tears were not from pain. The tears were from joy as the penis popped inside my rear. His fingers reached around and rubbed my clit and he began to fuck my ass with long hard strokes. My body was on fire.

I felt so slutty. It was incredible. I never dreamed I had feelings like this – I just wanted more cock everywhere in me.

The penis in my mouth swelled. I felt his veins swell. And he began to come. I swallowed some, but it was too much and as I pulled back my face was covered with his sweet come. The penis in my ass was swollen and throbbing as he exploded seconds later. My entire being was one large come. I was rocking to and fro and didn't stop. I couldn't stop. I needed more.

Rob:

The waitress held my head to her pussy as she came. I slid up her body and lifted my hips and entered her wet pussy. I sucked on one nipple gently biting and tweaking her to hardness and squeezed her other tit. My thrusts were slow at first and built up speed. She was matching my thrusts and holding me tight. Our sweat mingled as our bodies found a rhythm of passion. I started to hold back and slow down and she pulled my face to hers looked me in the eyes madly and said "Don't you dare stop, I want you to come inside me and I want it NOW."
