 She pushes the tip towards my mouth. I can feel the heat on my lips. I can smell his manhood and see the droplet of precum on his hard purple head. 

This is my moment of truth. My head is spinning and I'm frozen in this moment.

I'm wondering to myself "how did I get here???"

My wife and I have an ongoing tradition of providing each other with one "shock and awe" anniversary gift each year. It started on our first anniversary when I surprised her with a trip to New Orleans for Mardi Gras. What an eye-opening experience that was! She was "girls gone wild" crazy for earning her beads and I found that very attractive! We returned home to our normal conservative lifestyle, but the experience was never far from my mind when the lights went out. On our second anniversary she took me to Vegas and it was my turn to get loose. We gambled aggressively, drank excessively and both of spent way too much of our time ogling at the pretty women everywhere. Certainly it was all in fun but it was really a turn on when she'd elbow me and point out another hottie. Turns out we both have similar taste in women!

But early on it was just for shits & giggles. 

We've alternated our years and had a lot of fun. This year was her turn and she'd been putting a great deal of thought into what she might do to "shock" and "awe" me. The bar had been raised pretty high by now.

We have always been able to entertain each other with titillating conversation during foreplay. We often confess our nastiest little passing thoughts - crazy desires that cross our minds during arousal. So as she was plotting our anniversary adventure she began asking probing questions about the things I'd thought about but would most likely never do. She started off by mentioning that she'd seen a girl that she might like to try kissing. That got me hard of course. Then she asked if I ever had those kinds of thoughts about passing men. I told her no because honestly I'd never seen a man that I'd like to kiss. Eventually however, she got to a question about whether I ever thought about blow jobs. I told her I always think about blowjobs! She'd seen my taste in porn and knew I loved to watch good head and a glorious cum-shot finale.

She asked if I ever wondered what it would be like- to GIVE a blow job... I had to be honest mostly because there wasn't enough blood left in my brain at the time to tell a convincing lie... 

I shared with her that yes, I had spent more time than I like to admit thinking and wondering about how it would feel to be the giver. To have total control of another man's cock. To feel it in my mouth. To taste it. And yes, to make him cum in my mouth. I admitted I was curious about all of that. I told her how I'd even tried to give myself head but I'm just not flexible enough.

So then we'd make love and as the passion heated up she'd run her wetted fingers across my lips and start to push a couple of them into my mouth. I played along and was receptive as she began probing her fingers into and around my mouth. I began to suck as she put them in further and as I continued to suck with more enthusiasm I could see how it made her passion heat up and finally explode. It was becoming a wonderful part of our frequent erotic dance. Our love making. I found that I too, really enjoyed it.

Our anniversary was upon us and she chose Hawaii as our destination. It had been a cold winter and some time in the sun was a welcomed relief. We had a room on the beach at Waikiki that allowed us to enjoy the beach and the sun and the people-watching without having to leave the comfort of our hotel grounds.

We sat outside and ordered margaritas an hour after our plane landed. Ahhhhhh this is the life, I thought to myself. A permanent smile took up residence on my face.

As the afternoon went on we became friendly with our attractive waitress. She was, of course, scantily clad revealing her ample bosoms and firm hard ass. She was blonde with blue eyes but her deep tan and the way she spoke made it clear that she was not new to the island. I was captivated by the way she walked away each time she visited. Her ass was great, as I mentioned, but her thigh-gap was nothing short of delicious. I could not help staring as she walked away. 

"I think she's hot too," my wife finally said as she caught me ogling.

A little embarrassed I laid my head back on my lounge and close my eyes, just smiling again. I thought to myself "shit. I should've asked my wife if she'd ever thought about eating pussy when we were having those conversations". Crap.

The afternoon passed and the shift changed so when it came time to order some pu-pus our waitress had been replaced by an equally attractive waiter. Ironically they were both named Chris. I got a little kick out of that because by now I had a pretty good little buzz on. It made it easy to remember his name.

Chris was tall and slim. Obviously a surfer, his tone body and wavy dishwater blonde hair were dead giveaways. We hit it off immediately and he told us he was originally from Texas but had come to Waikiki for a vacation-two years ago. After a taste of Hawaii he had no desire to return to Texas.

He too was a joy to watch as he walked away. Of course I wasn't aware of that entirely until my wife pointed it out. After that my whole mind went sideways. Every time he'd come to us I'd sit up and take notice. As he stood and talked or took our orders I found myself face to crotch with him. He dressed to the left and he displayed a very attractive package in his tight white dress shorts. "All that dirty talk with my wife has gotten to me" I thought to myself as I tried not to stare.

Looking back up at his face and into his eyes I came back to earth a bit realizing that I still didn't see myself ever kissing him.

As evening was upon us now and we'd had a long day of travel and a wonderful time on the beach, I decided that it was time for a quick dip in the ocean and a shower back in the room. My wife agreed but said she'd pass on the ocean swim and meet me back at our room after she took care of our tab. 

"Be good to our waiter!" I said as I headed out into the surf.

As I swam my mind wandered and thoughts of both of the Chris's passed through my head. I thought about what a wonderful time I could have licking lovely girl-Chris' pussylips while my wife rode me cowboy style and they kissed above me. Mmmmmmmm. But the thought of having a taste of man-Chris' cock also entered my mind... That took me by surprise to a large extent. "I'm really not so gay" I said to myself... But I continued to imagine what it would feel like in my mouth.

I finished my swim and let my manhood return to a more presentable state before I headed back up through the sand and the patio to our room.

I arrived in the room and found that my wife had not yet returned. It was our anniversary so I just figured she was either up to something of she'd found the gift shop. 

I jumped in the shower and started to wash the salt off as I heard the door open. Soon my wife was naked and joining me in the shower. This was working out nicely, I thought to myself as she began to lather me up with both hands. 

"How would you feel about a blowjob tonight?" She said with a twinkle in her eye. "I'm not just talking about our usual blowjob" she continued "I'm referring to an 'anniversary' blowjob"!

She paused her hands and looked me deep in the eyes.

I didn't even know where to go with that. My thoughts raced. What could she mean by "anniversary" blowjob? Was she going to give me an especially enthusiastically performed blow job? That wouldn't really rise to the level of "shock and awe" but I'd still count it! My mind continued to race as she stood and silently stared into my eyes... 

"I have a real surprise waiting that I think you'll really enjoy," she said.

"I noticed you were interested in Chris' cock today" she slowly continued. "What if I told you I brought him back to the room? What if I told you I'd let you watch close up while I gave him head? Would you like that baby? Would you enjoy seeing his cockhead going in and out of my mouth so close up and live? It would be just like those movies you like except it would be me. Live. Would you like that Honey"?

By now I could not deny my arousal. My cock was engorged and poking her directly in her stomach. She owned me now.

"I would really really like that," I said. It was more like I was admitting that I'd like it as much as it was a statement of approval.

She again resumed her lathering of my body. Slowly from head to toe. I was nervously enjoying her attention but all the while wondering. Was Chris really out there? Waiting? Could she be telling me what she's really going to do or is she just making me hot for that enthusiastic blowjob. That was my question as the moment turned into an eternity.

She began to rinse the soap off of my body. As she wiped slowly with her hands she leaned in closer and started to kiss and lick every part of my body. She kissed my collar and shoulders, moving down to my pecs and to my nipples where she kissed and licked my left and simultaneously pinched and pulled my right. God she knew how to please me! Her free hand moved to my now throbbing cock. She stroked and jacked my shaft. She caressed and pulled and tugged at my loose hanging ball sack. 

She paused and looked up at me. "Follow" was all she said.

As we entered the bedroom in nervous anticipation I was not disappointed. There, next to our bed, stood Chris- in all his glory. 

I know I told you about his attractive package while dressed in his tight white dress shorts...but he was truly glorious as he stood high and hard, naked and beautiful. At that moment I had to admit to myself "okay. I'm a little gay". I still didn't want to kiss him but I was very anxious to witness this gorgeous man brought to orgasm right here in front of me. And by my own beautiful wife. 

Shock and awe achieved.

She sat down on the bed, her face just inches from his fully erect cock. It was about 7 or 8 inches in length and maybe an inch and a half or more thick. Not huge but certainly adequate. It was cut, with a large purple helmet and strong veins running the length of it. His pubes were trimmed but not shaven. His balls hung heavy and low in the heat. He was remarkably beautiful. It was then that I realized that this was the first time I'd seen an erect cock live other than my own. I was beginning to understand why women so enjoy the idea of sucking cock. I really longed for a closer look.

My wife slapped her hand on the bed twice right beside her. She was reading my mind. I quickly sat down beside her, Chris' beautiful manhood now inches from our faces.

My wife turned to me, looked me again in the eyes and asked "you okay with this Honey?"

"OH GOD YES!" I said.

With that she took his penis in her hand and brought it to her lips. 

At this moment my state of arousal is obvious and out of control. I begin stroking myself as I witness this moment frozen in time. 

She holds him still at her lips and slowly strokes his cock. Up and down, up and down she strokes, the tip of his cock remaining just off of her lips. She continues as I stare at her mastery. I continue to stroke myself, knowing that soon I'll be spewing my man milk God knows where! I'm so completely aroused and caught up in this glorious moment. I'm stroking. I'm looking at this delicious cock that my wife is stroking faster now and so close to her now parting lips!! I find myself wanting to see her to engulf and swallow his manhood but she continues to stroke. Her mouth begins to open...

She turns and speaks softly "you've wanted to for so long...Take him. Take him now. I want to watch you give your first blowjob. Our 'anniversary' blowjob".

She pushes the tip towards my mouth. I can feel the heat on my lips. I can smell his manhood and see the droplet of precum on the tip of his hard purple head. My head is spinning but I know at this moment that I am in fact going to give my first blowjob. Right here with my wife.

I reach out my free hand and grasp his manhood as she removes her hand from his cock and begins to lovingly caress my neck and back. His cock feels heavy and so hot. My lips part and my tongue darts out tasting that first drop of precum. It's nice. I engulf the head of his member with my mouth. My WHOLE mouth. I had no idea how big it really feels! His cockhead is so hot. It feels so firm yet spongy. I run my tongue around it. I circle the rim of his helmet with the tip of my tongue. I lick up from below. I part his pee hole with my tongue and suck hard. I'm trying to suck his precum out and swirl it in my mouth. I cannot believe how much I'm enjoying sucking on this beautiful cock! I love the heat and the hardness in my mouth. I'm loving the taste of all his manhood. I swirl my tongue along the bottom of his shaft just below the head. I'm still sucking hard as I begin to take his cock deeper into my mouth. I quickly determine that I'll probably not be deep-throating him tonight but I'm taking as much as I can and stroking the rest with my hand. 

I grasp the base of his cock and wrap my fingers around his scrotum, stroking all the while. I'm still stroking my own cock hard and fast as I feel the cock in my mouth becoming even harder! Chris has stopped breathing and I can feel his scrotum tighten. He's coming and I'm wondering how I'll react. Again time stands still with the anticipation. I sense my own orgasm building. My wife is squealing encouragement as she grips the back of my neck. Chris lets loose his first blast as he announces "I'm cumming!!" I feel the first strong blast of hot liquid as it shoots out of his cock hitting the back of my tongue. The quantity is enormous. I had no idea how much it would fill my mouth! Blast after blast he cums. I'm swallowing as fast as I can but he keeps cumming! It tastes luxurious. Not too salty or pungent. Unlike anything else I've ever tasted. But nice. Luxurious with some thickness but mostly just hot glorious liquid. I'm still stroking and swallowing as he continues to empty his load into my mouth. My wife lets out a scream as my orgasm explodes sending ropes of hot semanic fluids onto her legs and Chris' legs. OH GOD!! I had no idea I'd enjoy this moment so much. I AM A COCKSUCKER!! NO DOUBT!!

As our orgasms subside I slowly release Chris from my mouth. I'm careful to capture as much of his cum as I can. I love his cum right now. 

As his penis slowly drops from my mouth I look up at my wife. She has a calm and satisfied look in her eyes. She leans in and we share a deep kiss. As our lips part she looks at me questioningly. 

"What about that?" She says looking down at my cum splattered on her and Chris' legs.

Without a second thought I lean down and clean it all with my mouth. It's cool and a slightly different flavor than Chris' but still delicious. 

The two loads mix and combine in my mouth as I pause and enjoy the moment. I slowly rise and again share a passionate kiss with my wife.

She pulls away, stands and kisses Chris. Showing him to the door. As he leaves she rejoins me on the bed.

She opens her legs and I proceed to lick her until she screams. They I climb back up for one final cummy kiss before we roll back and relax. Spent.

"Happy anniversary..."

"I think I'll invite the other Chris tomorrow," she says.