 Please enjoy this new story. It is a work of fiction, intended for adult readers. All characters are adults, eighteen or older, and unusually horny. Taylor VanCannon.

Something borrowed, something blue...

That's exactly how I felt, blue. I stared into the half-empty cup of cold coffee, frozen in place, unable to decide what to do next. After five years of marriage, I was ambivalent about our relationship... at best. The excitement was long gone... the mystery of sex... the lust, all of it, just gone.

Last night Adrian reached for my breast... but I brushed him off. I could see the desire in his eyes and knew perfectly well what he wanted, but I just didn't want to give it to him. Besides, I didn't want him to know that I got my pubes waxed. Hair is his fetish, at least one of them; he even begs me to let my pits grow. I can't even tell you why I decided to get waxed; not to mention it was painful as hell, especially when they flipped me over and waxed my ass crack. I waited until he started snoring, and then slipped a hand down between my legs and got myself off... and really enjoyed it. How fucked up is that?

This morning, I tried to make it up to him with a hummer. Halfway through I got one of his pubic hairs caught in my mouth. I ignored it, until I couldn't stand it any longer. I pulled off his cock to pick the hair off my tongue.

"June!" he shouted as cum jetted upward only to fall back and splatter over his hairy chest. 

The look of disappointment on his face was a real downer. Did I really fuck up a blow job? Did I do it intentionally?

I stood in front of the bathroom mirror. I could see a bright eyed woman with an engaging smile staring back at me. She had long, dark, shimmering hair, flowing down over her shoulders in large waves. Her tits were a little small, but firm and perky. Her pale skin showed just a hint of a tan. Her waxed pussy lips were tightly closed, revealing nothing of what lay inside. This couldn't be the same hottie that wouldn't give it up for her own husband. What was wrong with me?

We are a perfect match, my handsome prince charming, even if he is a bit hairy. He keeps his thick dark hair cut short and spiky, and his face always looks like he needs a shave. Tight curls cover his chest, arms and legs. I love running my fingers through the thick patch between his nipples. Did I mention that he has a nice cock, not too big, not too small... just right?

I forced myself to focus on our upcoming anniversary, to come up with a plan to rekindle our relationship... roll it back to the first time we fucked. That glorious high school evening, the night I lost my virginity, in the backseat of his mom's caddy. It was risky... intense... and oh so exciting.

On a whim, I chose the Greek Islands to start my search for the perfect place to reboot our marriage. After all, Adrian was of Greek descent; that had to count for something. It wasn't long before my focus turned to Ios, a small Island in the Aegean Sea. One review from an adventurous bride-to-be from Australia chronicled her last fling, along with her bridesmaids, before returning to get married. It read like a steamy potboiler; not exactly the experience I was looking for, but it was in the right direction.

I rolled my hard nipple between my thumb and forefinger. My mind wandered as I read the review. She described the beaches as a smorgasbord of erotic treats, ready to be plucked. I closed my eyes and let my finger drift down until I touched my clit. I tried to imagine Greek Gods, parading their cocks in front of me as I gave them a thumbs up, or thumbs down. It only took a few quick flicks of my finger to get me off... again. I composed myself and read on, doing my best to keep my hands off myself. I tried to imagine Adrian ogling topless beauties as they paraded up and down the beach. It didn't work... I got myself off two more times before I finished the lengthy article.

Would Adrian share my reaction? He was an associate lawyer in a mid-sized Denver law firm. They worked him like a dog, holding out a future partnership as an incentive. He often talked of going out on his own, but he was stuck in a rut, too busy to even try. I checked my calendar to find the best week for my monthly cycle; this could happen in just six weeks!

If I told Adrian about the trip he would come up with a thousand reasons why we couldn't do it. So I didn't. I found a cute whitewashed bungalow, right on a topless beach. It took only one mouse click to confirm the trip, including non-refundable airfare. 

I focused on Adrian and the things I knew he wished for sexually, all the things that I had denied him for the past year. I decided to keep my plans secret, to surprise him on the first day of our trip. I would let my hair grow, both underarm and pubic. Six weeks would be long enough to grow him a tidy little forest to indulge his fetishes. I started making lists... secret lists.

*****

After twenty-four hours of unending travel, we arrived and stepped off a ferry onto the picturesque Greek Island of Ios. The sun beat down brightly from a cloudless sky, onto the shimmering blue water. The fragrance of the Aegean Sea filled me with confidence... and desire.

Hot, sweaty and tired, I was undaunted, determined to rekindle our marriage, starting right now. Adrian hailed a cab and did his best to communicate with the driver, who didn't speak a word of English. Fortunately, I had the address written down and the cabbie was able to make sense of my scribbling.

As soon as the cab pulled away from the curb, I gave Adrian's thigh a tender squeeze, and whispered in his ear, "I want to fuck you, now!"

He looked at me, trying to comprehend; all he wanted was a shower and a bed to crash in.

I moved my hand up and felt for his cock. "I'm serious; I want to fuck you the moment we walk into our room."

"Aren't you tired?"

"Yes, and I'm dirty, sweaty, and stinky. But, I still want to fuck you." I keep massaging his cock until it started to stiffen.

"Careful... the cab driver can hear us."

I didn't care; besides, there was no chance he would understand me. I pulled away from his ear and said, loud enough for the cabbie to hear, "I want to-"

Adrian clamped his hand over my mouth. "Okay, okay... if that's what you want."

"You won't regret it." That was a promise I intended to keep.

He swung open the door to our snug little bungalow and ushered me in. After setting our bags down, he kicked the door closed.

I turned and kissed him passionately, probing his mouth with my tongue. I managed to get his shirt and pants off without separating our lips. I stroked his cock until it was hard. I finally broke away from him, and said, "Take off my blouse."

He gave me a curious look, as if to say that all I really needed to take off was my panties. I glared at him, quashing his feeble attempt to disobey my command. My blouse fell to the floor, along with my bra.

I kissed him again and returned both hands to his cock. This time, when I broke off our kiss, I took one hand off his cock and raised it to the ceiling.

He tried his best to keep his eyes locked on mine, but the matted thicket of dark hair sprouting under my arm was too much of a temptation.

He started to speak, but I smothered his words with my armpit. The look of shock in his eyes was exactly what I intended. I managed to get my panties off with my free hand and pressed myself up against his bulging cock.

He inhaled deeply... several times. The aroma of my stinky underarm would have revolted most men, but not Adrian... not my horny husband.

I fell backwards onto the bed and opened up my legs for him. Just like my underarms, my pussy had sprouted a thicket of dark brown curly hair.

I gasped as he entered me, forcefully. I counted his strokes, knowing that his lust for me had gotten the better of him. It was okay; I didn't need to cum, at least right now. My plan was working. In fact, it worked too good. He popped inside me before I got to ten.

"I'm sorry babe," he said, struggling for breath.

"Don't be honey, that was perfect, just what you needed."

After several minutes of snuggling, I said, "I better get cleaned up."

He kissed me gently on the lips. "Let me do it."

That surprised me. I released my grip on his cock and let him pull out of me with a soft slurping noise.

He licked my breasts and nibbled on my soft nipples. I wanted to say no, to say that I was too stinky, too messy, too anything... but I couldn't get the words out. It only took a few tugs from his soft lips for my nipples to get rock hard and ignite my desire. I put my hands on his shoulders, urging him downward. When his soft tongue entered my slit it overwhelmed my senses. I grabbed his head and thrust my hips upward, trying desperately to devour his tongue with my cunt.

I felt the suction of his lips as he hoovered his goo out me. He lashed at my clit as my mind filled with Greek Gods, parading naked in front of me. I cried out, and locked my legs around his head nearly smothering him with my orgasm. I lay next to him and fought to keep my eyes open. It was a losing battle.

*****

The aroma of strong coffee woke me from a deep slumber. Adrian was already awake and scrubbed clean, sitting at the table with espresso shots and fresh croissants. I rubbed the sleep out of my eyes and gave him a light peck on the lips. He wrinkled his nose.

"That bad?" I asked.

"Nothing a shower won't fix."

"You didn't seem to mind last night." I gave him a knowing wink.

He smiled, no doubt recalling a fond memory.

My whole body shuddered from one sip of the strong coffee, much stronger than my usual morning latte. "Any sugar?"

Adrian pushed over a bowl of what appeared to be rock candy. The sweetened concoction was just right. I left the croissant for later and stepped into the bathroom, eager to wash the stink off me.

I lathered up my hair with a sweet smelling coconut shampoo. It felt so good I moved on to my armpits, and then my crotch where I lingered for a just a moment too long. Memories of last night flooded back and sent a tingle of excitement through my loins. I reluctantly switched to a body wash and scrubbed off forty-eight hours of accumulated grime.

I couldn't resist a second round of the coconut shampoo, and another chance to massage myself, down below. I knew I should wait for Adrian; after all, he was just outside the door, and probably just as horny as I was. But, I had gone too far... and all I could think about was getting off. I rubbed my hard clit with a finger and imagined it was Adrian's soft tongue.

The handheld shower caught my attention. I started with a gentle spray and showered my breasts with tingling jets of water. I switched to the pulse setting and aimed it south to replace my finger. I lifted one foot and rested it on the bench to open myself up. The pulsing jet of water pounded my clit and left my mind reeling with pleasure. The clatter of the shower head hitting the floor jolted me out of my orgasmic stupor. I felt the afterglow of a strong orgasm, but had lost track of time and couldn't remember how long it lasted... or when it had even started.

I reached for a towel and noticed that the door was wide open. I looked out and saw Adrian sitting on the bed, naked, stroking his cock.

"Oops," I said, sheepishly, "busted."

He nodded. "Don't stop now."

Water dripped onto the tile floor as I approached him. Our knees touched and I gave him a wet kiss. "How about a little show?"

He lay back and propped his head up on a pillow, and then he wrapped his fingers around his semi-erect cock.

I toweled off my face and then gently dried my tits. I debated whether to give him a gentle tease, or go directly to his fetish, the stuff I knew he wanted to see. I raised my arm and bent my head to smell my armpit. I inhaled deeply. I tossed the towel over my shoulder and used my fingers to twirl my armpit hair into a twist.

"Nice," Adrian said, "now, turn around."

I turned and whipped the towel across my back, crisscrossing it several times. I bent at the waist and drew the towel across my ass several times. After dropping the towel, I arched my back and rested my hands on my knees. I could only imagine how much of my crack was exposed. I glanced over my shoulder. Adrian stroked his stiffing cock, never taking his eyes off my ass.

I thought about pulling my cheeks open, but then I realized he was close enough to reach out and do it himself. "Honey, open me up... just a little." I felt his firm hand on my left cheek, tugging it open.

He made a little moan as he stroked harder.

I recognized the sound. He was past the point of no return. He couldn't stop now, even if he wanted to. I still had a minute or two, so I decide to make the best of them. I put a finger in my mouth to coat it with saliva. I reached back and wiggled my finger into the crack of my ass, reaching for my intended target.

Adrian's moans came faster than I expected. I jammed my finger into my tight hole, inserting it to the second knuckle.

He panted. I pushed in a second finger, ignoring the slight pain.

He groaned. I pushed in a third finger, fighting off the pain. I was running out of time.

He held his breath.

I counted to five: one thousand one, one thousand two, one thousand three, one thousand four, one thousand five. I whipped around and barely got my mouth over the head of his cock when he erupted, flooding my mouth with hot cum.

He released his cock and I took over pumping his goo into my mouth. I was ready to gulp it down when a nasty thought crept into my mind. Without thinking, I opened my mouth and let the combination of saliva and cum dribble out and coat his pulsing cock. I crept forward and straddled his cock. I rubbed the head along the crack of my ass until I felt it made contact with my asshole. I plunged down through the momentary pain, until I was overwhelmed by the sensation of his still hard cock buried in my ass.

His eyes were as wide as saucers. I felt pride in catching him by surprise. I leaned forward and gave him a sloppy, cum soaked kiss. I managed to get several strokes on his cock before it softened and slipped out. He reached for my clit and finished me off... again. I collapsed onto his chest, my body convulsing with pleasure.

Mission accomplished.

*****

We hit the beach by mid-morning and found a chair rental vendor with nice full length loungers. The attendant set up our chairs, with an umbrella, on the front row of the strand: a thirty yard strip of sand that ran along the vivid blue water of the Aegean Sea. I hung our towels on the spokes of the umbrella and took Adrian by the hand. We plunged headfirst into the refreshing water.

By noon, the beach chairs were several rows deep along the strand, and we watched a steady parade of sun bathers walk by in front of us. Although many of the ladies were topless, I wasn't quite ready to go there.

I flopped the back of my hand onto Adrian's chest and turned to him. "Did I get this one right?"

He smiled and leaned into my ear. "You mean this morning?" he whispered.

Sometimes he could exasperate me. "No, I mean... well yes, that too. But I'm talking about the trip." I moved my hand down and gave his tummy a gentle pat. Things were tense for a couple of weeks after I told him I'd booked the trip. I wasn't surprised when he told me that his law firm refused to give him the time off. It took a lot of convincing on my part, but in the end he relented and submitted his notice. By the time we boarded the plane, he'd made detailed plans for opening his own one-man firm, and would be able to hit the ground running the day after we returned.

He gave me a satisfying smile. "The sex is certainly exciting again."

I moved my hand down further, until my fingers touched the waistband of his swimsuit. "Just like our honeymoon."

"I was thinking even earlier than that... when we were dating," he said, this time giving me a wink.

That was an odd thing for him to say. We started dating our senior hear of high school, and then continued all the way through college. But there were gaps, big ones, where we wandered apart and dated other people. "What do you mean?"

"Nothing," he said. I could tell from his tone that he was holding something back.

"Honey," I said, "this is the best day we've had in a long time. Let's don't fuck it up by keeping things to ourselves. Be honest, tell me what you were thinking?" As I spoke, it dawned on me that he was thinking about the days we didn't think twice about fucking other people. Somehow, that period of our relationship had slipped my mind.

He was just about to say something when I interrupted. "Look to your right." Several topless women were walking our way.

Adrian reached over and squeezed the soft flesh of my thigh. "Thanks for the heads up."

I furrowed my brow and gave him a serious look. "Okay, but just for this one week... and no secrets. We have to tell each other everything... no holding back."

He nodded, a little too enthusiastically.

I parted my knees, just a little, giving his hand room to creep between my legs. "See anything you like?"

He gave me a quizzical look.

"Think of it as window shopping. The girls that just walked by... did you see anything you liked?"

He drew his hand up to the fabric of my swimsuit, grazing my crotch. "You tell me."

I was up to the challenge. "I think the redhead caught your eye." Redheads were another one of his fetishes.

"Good guess," he said, trying to slide his finger under the crotch of my swimsuit.

I swatted his hand away and slipped my fingers under his waistband. "Let's focus on you."

"Here?" he asked, incredulously.

"Shhh, somebody's going to hear you." My fingertip reached the soft head of his cock.

He pulled his towel down off the umbrella and draped it over the arms of his beach chair, giving me plenty of room to work, unobserved.

I deftly got his soft cock out of his swimsuit with one hand. "She had great tits... but you know she wasn't a natural redhead."

"I know, her golden tan gave it away," he said. "But, I'm not the only one with a thing for redheads."

I had no idea what he was talking about.

"Randy... the first string quarter-back in high-school; you stood me up for him at our senior prom."

"He was a redhead?"

"Kind of," he said, "you don't remember?"

I wrapped my fingers around his cock and squeezed until I felt it stiffen. "No holding back, right?"

He nodded.

"I don't remember his being a redhead, but a girl never forgets a cock that big."

"Mmmm," he said, half moaning. "You never mentioned that before. How big are we talking... biggest ever?"

I nodded and tugged on his cock just a little faster.

He glanced around to see if anybody was watching us.

"Check out the blond in the emerald green thong to your left." A shapely young woman stood facing the water, examining a shell that she had just picked up. I stroked harder.

She bent down for another shell, exposing the narrow strip of fabric wedged between her bronzed ass-cheeks. "Good eye," he said, wiggling just a little in his chair.

"To your right," I said. Two lithe women, one black and one white, jogged towards us. "Have you ever tried black?"

He shook his head. "You?"

"Nope... should we add that to our checklist?"

The small bouncing tits of the joggers had the desired effect. He did his best to keep himself under control, but he was no match for my determination. He tried to answer, but only managed to mumble something mixed in with a few grunts. He turned and gazed into my eyes. I locked mine on his as he flooded my palm with sticky hot cum.

When his panting subsided, I said, "Must have been those two joggers."

