 I wake up feeling the soreness from last night’s erotic fun. I am so satisfied and I think I am still cumming even now, hours later. You are sleeping so peacefully with your morning erection tenting the sheet so nicely. I want to lean down and wake you properly but I have other ideas for you today. I quietly go to the bathroom and run us a bath. While waiting for it to fill, I order us breakfast and you a surprise.

You walk in as I am bending over turning the water off and slip your hard on right into my wet pussy. We both moan and slowly start to make love. You are kissing my neck and playing with my clit while I push back into each of your thrusts wiggling in that way that is guaranteed to make you cum. We both are breathing hard and getting close. Just then we hear someone clear their throat and announce that breakfast is served. You freeze but I keep going until neither of us can help but cum in a shattering orgasm. I grin and tell you to get in the tub….it is my turn to give you my anniversary present.

We climb in and turn to see a beautiful sexy red head in nothing but heels and a sexy well endowed black man wheeling in a tray full of goodies. They tell us that they will be feeding us today, to just sit back and relax. You look at me to make sure I knew about this and that I am ok with this. I will admit that I was not in the know about the black guy but now that I have seen him, I can’t wait to see what happens.

You lean back and put my feet in your lap so that you can caress my legs while we are fed. Red goes to you and begins to dribble fruit onto your lips and I watch as you slowly lap up the juices. I jump when he reaches over and does the same to me. I was so into what was happening to you, I actually forgot he was there. We both watch the other as we are fed. They wheel the cart out and then ask for us to stand so that they may cleanse our bodies. I shiver as I stand and see his large black hands move over my body. I look up to see you and Red just staring. You have an erection again and her nipples are at attention and she has a slight wiggle going on.

Then she starts to wash your body and I get lost in the sensation of having someone else wash our bodies while we watch. This seems so much more sensual and intimate than the night before. I think because it is happening to the both of us at the same time and we know what is happening to one is happening to the other. They finish washing us and dry us off. We are led to the other room where you are instructed to lay down and I am instructed to sit in the chair that you occupied last night.

Red begins to kiss all over you. I can see her almost shaved pussy glistening as she moves up your body to straddle your erection. He walks over and plays with her tits while she sits on you. The contrast is amazing. She is so small and pale and he is so large and black. He lifts her up and positions her over your cock. She guides you in as he lowers her onto you. I hear you both moan as he steps back and over to me.

She rides you like the stallion that you are and you are playing with her nipples. You look over to ask me if this is turning me on – seeing you fuck another woman but get your answer before asking as I scream in an orgasm from my fingers pinching my clit. You and she switch places and you fuck her doggie style with you both facing me. I recover enough to look over and see you pounding her hard. She is moaning around the huge erection of her partner. Seeing that dark meat go in and out of her pale pink mouth gets to us both and we cum again. She sucks him off, gets off the bed and walks over to kiss me. I can taste his cum and I know that we both want to taste these beautiful people for ourselves.

You guide her to the chair next to me and begin to eat her out. She is so wet; I can hear the lapping up her juices. She is pushing your face further into pussy and begging you suck her clit harder. She whimpers in ecstasy as you plunge your tongue deep into her pussy and slip a finger up her ass at the same time. I know how she feels; I love it when you do that. But I do not get to watch the fun for longer than that because I feel a warm wet large tongue lapping up my own flowing juices. I just can’t help but lean back and close my eyes. He is different than you but still feels wonderful. He plunges his tongue deep into my pussy and twists it around. I am now squirming and I hook my legs around his head to hold him in place. I manage to look over and see you watching him eat me while you eat her. The look on your face is pure lust with a hint of jealousy. I feel good knowing that you still want only me and do not want to share me but that it is turning you on none the less to see another man eat me.

He stands up, picks me up, sits down and impales me on his massive member. I scream in one part pain and three parts pleasure. I get used to him and begin to ride him hard. I feel him move his arm but I am too caught up in the feel of him. I sense you behind me and then I fill you slip into my ass. Oh my, the feeling of both of you filling me up is out of this world. I do not think I can take much more of this. You both set a face rhythm and if it was not for you anchoring me, I think I would have shot off when the orgasm hit me. You both cum shortly after feeling me milk you with my orgasm.

He is still hard so she jumps on him and rides him to another climax of his own and one loud long one for her. We fall back on the bed and watch them as they pleasure each other.

They tuck us into bed, remind us that we do not have to check out until the next day and that lunch will be brought up at 2. We are drifting off to sleep as they leave; once again floating in a post-orgasmic cloud wrapped in each others arms. MMM, breakfast was never so interesting before….wonder what lunch will bring.