 This is a fictional account, I hope to turn into reality someday soon.

###

My wife Sara and I were out celebrating our third anniversary. She was 34 at the time and I 37. We had no set plans and decided to begin with dinner at a nice restaurant. We finished both our dinner and the pitcher of margaritas we ordered. Upon leaving decided that neither of us should be driving. Instead we decided to walk around the city.

Several blocks away, we came across an adult arcade/bookstore and I kidded her about going inside. She had never been in one and was curious to see what it was like. Who was I to stop her? The store was rather crowded with about a dozen men and two other couples. Everyone looked fairly normal. Most of the single men were looking at magazines and rental movies. Sensing her nervousness, we joined the other couples in the rather tame section containing lotion, novelties and cards. Before long we boldly moved to the section containing the vibrators and dildos were she marveled at the variety of designs and sizes. It was incredibly erotic watching Sara in front of so many strangers examining the large rubber dildos. By the look in her eyes and deep concentration, I could only imagine what was going on in her mind. I'm sure she was thinking what it might be like to have the different sizes and thick nesses inside her, pleasuring her.

Although attractive and sexy, Sara hadn't dated much before we married and had little sexual variety. She had even told me that the few guys she had slept with before we met were all smaller than me and she couldn't imagine handling anything much bigger than mine.

I broke her concentration by nudging her towards the video arcade. Hand in hand, we selected a small dark unoccupied both toward the back. I locked the door and pulled her into a passionate embrace. In the darkness, we could hear sounds coming from the booths next and near by. Most were the sounds from the videos playing of people moaning during sex, but we also heard various muffled noises from the people in the booths.

I broke off the embrace to put a few dollars in video machine. A video of a woman being serviced by several well-hung men began playing. It was clear from both of our obvious states of arousal that this was going to end up with us having sex in the booth until we were both fully satisfied.

I stood behind her letting my hands roam under her blouse, rubbing her firm breasts and rolling her nipples between my fingers while she watched the woman in the video on her hands and knees sucking one big cock while another was thrusting in and out of her cunt. Sara unbuttoned and removed her blouse in order to give me better access. She reached behind her back and fondled my erection through my bulging jeans. She proceeded to unbuttoned & unzip my jeans and pulled my hard on free.

Her hands began squeezing and stroking my hard naked cock. I kicked off my shoes and stepped out of my pants. With her still in front of me I pulled her skirt up above her waist and pushed her panties down to her knees. She took the hint and stepped out of them and removed her skirt leaving her completely exposed from the waist down.

As I watched her do this, I noticed a glory hole between our booth and the one next door. I also noticed in the darkness, someone was looking through the hole watching us. If the guy did not have his face up against the hole, we would have easily seen into the other booth. The sudden realization that someone was watching us - my wife stroking my dick and me playing with her pussy, sent a jolt of excitement through me. Sara had no idea what was happening.

I ran my hands through her soft mound and spread her lips wide with both hands to show our guest how beautiful her cunt was. I began inserting a finger into her sex and discovered that she was soaked and ready for action. I continued to finger fuck her with two fingers from one hand and played with her engorged clit with the other.

Sara's body looked magnificent, on display in the video's dim light as she lean back against my chest. I looked at the hole several times and could make out that we were still being watched. I then had her sit on the bench seat beside the hole. She reached out, grabbed my cock and pulled me directly in front of her. She began licking the head of my cock with her talented tongue. The voyeur was getting a fantastic show.

I decided to tell her that someone was watching us and pointed to the hole. She looked, gasped and tried to fix her clothes. I quickly grabbed her hands and told her that it was ok. She looked at me for several seconds and then asked me "If I was sure?" I replied by guiding her head back to my throbbing cock. She smiled at me and enthusiastically began sucking me I think partially due to her own excitement and also in an attempt to put on a good show for our voyeur. She looked so damn sexy with her lips around my cock - her eyes alternating between looking up into mine and looking at the hole.

To both of our surprise, our voyeur slowly began inserting his own cock through the hole. Sara moaned around my cock as she watched the stranger's cock coming into our booth. I think she moaned because it was apparent that this was no ordinary cock. It was huge and it was a beautiful ebony color. It easily rivaled the largest dildos we had looked at just minutes ago. The cock was still mostly soft and was already easily 8 inches long and thicker than my normal sized tool. I was now reeling at the kinky sexual possibilities that were now before us. Sara stopped sucking and looked up at me as if she were waiting for me to tell her what to do. I asked her if she wanted to try to make it hard. I guess that she had the same idea because she quickly grabbed it with both hands and started rubbing up and down its massive dark length. She never took her eyes off of it as she exclaimed, "It's big and it feels good."

I never imagined I would ever see Sara playing with another man's cock, but it was certainly something I was immensely enjoying as I began playing with my own cock. Sara had managed to bring the faceless, bodiless cock to full attention, as it expanded in both length and thickness. It now pointed up into our booth to what I would have to guess was at least 10".

I'd never touched another man before, but I had to admit that this was absolutely the most awesome specimen of manhood that I have ever seen. I reached down and placed my hand next to hers on the huge muscle. It was almost hot to the touch, hard and soft at the same time.

I knelt down so that we were both eye level with this impressive shaft and I began rubbing the shaft against Sara's face. Back and forth across her cheeks, her forehead and finally her lips. As I was doing this, Sara's hands went between her legs as she played with her clit. I don't think she consciously realized that she was doing this.

At that moment, I wanted to see her suck this big cock or at least suck as much as she could possibly get into her mouth. I asked her if she wanted to take it in her mouth and she looked into my eyes and nodded yes. Still holding the cock, I held it just behind the smooth head and I began rubbing the tip right across her lips. I told her to open up and as she did, I feed just the head inside. Her tongue licked all over the head up to my fingers. I than feed her a few more inches which allowed her to really start using her whole mouth.

Soon she had as much of this large cock as she could fit in her mouth. I began pumping the cock in rhythm with her sucking. With my other hand, I resumed playing with her dripping pussy. Eventually she switched to sucking the cock with a twisting action. I have enjoyed this technique many, many times. She pleasured the shaft for at least 15 minutes while I teased her clit and continued to slide two fingers in and out. I knew that her poor mouth must have been getting tired. I wanted to fuck her badly yet couldn't tear myself away from watching her giving this erotic blowjob to a complete and perfect stranger. It was extremely erotic to see Sara's pale white checks bulging with the big black shaft. I began to wonder if she would be willing to let this massive black rod into her sweet juicy pussy while I watched and helped or if we could accomplish that in the confines of the small booth.

What Sara did next both surprised and shocked me. She took the cock from her mouth and kissed me passionately on the mouth. As her tongue snaked into my mouth, she began rubbing the cock against both of our faces. It was covered with her saliva. It felt so hot and wet on my face as she pulled it down closer to our kiss. We soon began kissing each other all around the shaft, lips rubbing back and forth, and our tongues teasing each other's by darting and flicking underneath. I was completely lost. The world was receding. There was nothing real in the world to me right then but Sara, our mouths and this beautiful long hard dark penis. I would never have done this to another man, but this was not a man, this was just a cock and nothing more, for Sara and I to share in our privacy.

As I followed the path of her tongue, she led me from the cock's base all the way to its head. Her tongue pulled away slightly, leaving me to stop with the tip of the head perched in between my open lips. I paused and looked into her eyes. Sara smiled and asked me if I wanted to finish what she had started. I didn't need to answer, as she knew as much as I did, how badly I wanted and needed to do this. She gently pushed my head forward as I began sucking my first cock.

I held the shaft with both hands and tried to suck as best as I could. My only experience was that of having the same done to me countless times. I closed my eyes as I concentrated, and I felt Sara's familiar mouth now engulfing my own rock hard cock. I matched her rhythm, strokes and tongue movements in order to give this stranger's cock the same pleasure that I was receiving. I could feel the shaft in my mouth throbbing in unison with my own. The world further receded. Now I was only aware of my throbbing prick and my mouth. The rhythms, the sucking, the tongues, the pleasure was all the same. It was as if I were sucking my own cock. I could not last much longer nor did I want this to end.

Sara could tell I was close as she increased her intensity. I did the same. I was cumming. I could feel the pulsing, shooting jet after jet of cum into her mouth. The cum tasted sweet and salty and it easily filled her mouth - my mouth. It took me a few seconds to realize that it wasn't just me that was cumming. He blasted against the roof of my mouth, filling it. I swallowed three times, still had a mouthful and the cock was still cumming.

I pulled back as another jet splashed my cheek. Sara was now beside me and quickly guided it to her mouth as the next shot covered her tongue. She engulfed the ebony prize as it gave up its last few shots. Now totally spent, the ebony pole soon began to soften as she let it slip from her mouth. She turned to me and we kissed. Our tongues pushed cum into each other's mouth as we played and savored the taste. I held her in a loving embrace as we licked the remaining cum from each other's lips, chins and cheeks.

I looked at the wall. The cock was gone. I could see into the next booth and it was now empty. As we were recovering from the sexual high, someone else entered the next booth and began watching us. Another stranger was getting to see Sara's naked body. Her breasts were magnificent and I know the voyeur had a good view of her wet unfucked pussy. I meant to remedy that soon.

Sara smiled at me and we dressed in front of our new voyeur. Once dressed, we exited the booth and headed out of the store but not before purchasing a souvenir. We could not get home fast enough, but as soon as we did, I brought her to five orgasms with her new 10" toy. I had a feeling that our sexual adventures had just begun.