 It was Don and Gabriella's anniversary night. Instead of going out and celebrating with their friends and family, they had decided to stay and home and just be by themselves. Cooking dinner together had always been a treat for them both, and they enjoyed creating a nice meal. He had helped prepare the vegetables and set the table for them, while she prepared the tender chops. Selecting a bottle of wine, he added that to the table settings and put some slow romantic music on the CD player. 

Just as they had carried all the dishes into the dining room and where ready to sit down the doorbell chimed. With a frown on his face, Don went to the front door to open it. But when he opened it, he saw someone that he hadn't seen in a long time. Standing in front of him was George, a friend of old college days. Smiling they hugged each other, "Nice to see you again, where have you been?" asked Don as they walked into the dinning room. "Oh I'm just here on business and I thought I'd surprise you two. Am I interrupting anything?" George asked as he looked at the table settings. "It's our anniversary tonight and we where just sitting down for dinner, but there is plenty for one more, come join us " Don said, inviting his old friend to sit down.

Gabriella quickly brought another plate and wine glass and soon they sat down to enjoy their dinner. Even thou she had wanted to spend a quiet and romantic evening with her husband, she didn't mind the interruption from George. They had all known each other during their college years and had some really fun times together. As they sat and ate, those old times came up again during their conversation. "Remember the time when you thought I was Don and you grabbed me in that dark hallway in the dorm and kissed me?" George asked. Gabriella blushed furiously, but had to laugh with them as they talked about some of the things they had done during their wild younger years.

After dinner the two men helped her putting the dishes in the kitchen, and they all settled in the living room with some more wine. Gabriella had worn a short little black dress for tonight's occasion and now had to be careful as she sat down in the couch to relax. Don sat down beside her, casually resting his arm behind her on the back of the couch, while George sat down in a chair facing them. As they sat and talked, Don would sometimes gently trace her upper arms with his fingertips, showing her his love. 

The evening moved along smoothly, the conversation flowed freely, from old times, back to present, back to the good times they all had together when they where younger. Now they where on their fourth bottle of wine, they had all gotten very relaxed with each other after the first stiffness you experience if you haven't seen someone for a long time. The music was still playing softly in the background. As one particular song came on Gabriella began to move slightly in her seat to the music. Knowing that George had always liked to dance, he suggested "Why don't you and George dance together? You both have always enjoyed that, while I go and get some more wine and some crackers to nibble on." Smiling at Gabriella, George took advantage of his friend's offer and went to her, "May I have this dance?" She got up and easily moved into George's arms, gently swaying her lithe body to the music. She had always enjoyed dancing with her husband's friend and had done so many times when they went out. 

Tonight seemed different somehow. Gabriella had noticed his admiring glances at her, noting that he had glanced at her long, slender legs and had felt his looks on her back as they had moved around in the kitchen earlier that evening. But the alcohol and the relaxed mood soon let her forget those thoughts and she easily danced with him for several songs. The last one was a very slow one, and George pulled Gabriella even closer to his body, resting his hands on her back, and without even thinking, gently caressing her back. As she moved with the music, her pelvis brushed against his and she could feel his hardness pressing against her. Suddenly taken aback her first thought was to move away from him, but not wanting to offend him, she finished the dance, then sat beside her husband on the couch again. Instead of sitting back down, George excused himself to use the restroom.

Gabriella leaned over and whispered into Don's ear "While I was dancing with George he got a hard-on." Don chuckled and replied, "Well that seems to happen every time I touch you, so what's wrong with that?" "Well, he's an old friend, and I like him a lot, but that was just unexpected." Don smiled at his wife and replied, "Wasn't it your fantasy to be with two guys at the same time? Tonight might be the night to make that fantasy come true my dear." Just then George walked back into the living room and sat down, and the conversation picked up again between all three of them. But Gabriella had turned quiet, thinking what her husband had said.

Yes she had always found it a turn on to fantasize about being with two men at the same time, and she had shared that with her husband, but was she willing to act out that fantasy? Don had never openly encouraged her before, even though the chance had arisen a few times before, where she could have been with another friend of his. Casting those thoughts aside again, she joined in the conversation of the two men. Don had refilled their wineglasses and they all sat back enjoying each other's company. Gabriella leaned back into the soft cushions of the couch, unaware that the skirt of her dress had slid up to mid point on her thighs, but both men noticed it. Don caught George looking longingly at his wife, and with a small nod encouraged him. 

That was all that George needed, and he got up and asked to dance with Gabriella again. They got up and moved to the middle of the living room and gently started to sway to the soft music. Being bolder this time, George pulled her very close against him, putting both of his arms around her and softly moving his hands up and down her back. Through the thin fabric of her dress he could feel the fastening of her bra. He could feel her resistance as he pulled her close, but soon she relaxed against him, putting her head on his shoulder. The wine, food and good conversation had relaxed her. As they danced and she could feel George's arousal grow against her abdomen, she thought about her husband's words from earlier, "Tonight might be the night to make your fantasy come true." Smiling to herself, she thought "Why not?" and pressed her body against George's. 

Taking her reaction to his caresses as a yes, George grew even bolder and gently started to stroke Gabriella's bare neck with his fingertips. Feeling another man caress her so intimately felt strange at first, but not unwelcome. It had been a long time that she had been with someone other then Don, but the thought of having sex with George tonight while her husband watched and maybe even participated send shivers of arousal up and down her back. 

Leaning his head forward George gently started to trace his lips across Gabriella's sensitive skin on her neck, kissing her softly, then leaving little wet trails with his tongue. Slowly he worked his way to the other side of her neck, nibbling on her ear, then moving to her mouth. Claiming her slightly open mouth for a long deep kiss, he pulled her even closer against his body, continuing to trace up and down her back with his hands. Breaking the kiss he led her to the chair he had occupied before. Turning her back around, he slowly unzipped her dress. As it fell to a puddle at her feet, she stepped out and carelessly kicked it aside. Sitting down, she leaned back into the chair, looking at her husband over George's shoulders. Don was still sitting on the couch across from her, smiling at her and blowing her a kiss.

George kneeled down in front of Gabriella, leaning forward and kissing her again, while his hands explored her upper torso. Gently massaging and feeling her small but full breasts through the silky material of her bra. Slowly he traced his thumbs over her already erect nipples, making her moan against his mouth. Pulling her towards him, he reached around her, opening her bra, then taking it off, letting it fall on the floor beside the chair. Bending his head forward to first take her right nipple into his mouth. Running his tongue around the hard nub, then slowly sucking on it. Arching her back against his mouth, she moaned out loud, leaning her head back against the cushions of the chair, spreading her legs, so he could move closer to her. 

As he moved forward, his erection pressed against her stomach. Reaching down, Gabriella started to fondle George through his slacks. Her slight touch made him ache for more. Quickly he got up and got undressed, then kneeled back in front of her. Slightly opening her eyes, she looked down at his hardness, then taking his penis into both hands, gently stroking and massaging it, while he continued to kiss and lick each of her breasts in turn. 

By now Don had gotten turned on by watching his wife kiss and feel their old college friend. At first he had stroked his rock hard erection through his pants. But as George had gotten up and gotten undressed, so had Don. Sitting back now he stroked his penis with one hand, resting his other on his balls, gently massaging them, copying his wife movements on George's dick. He had thought he would feel jealous watching is wife together with another man, but instead he found it an enormous turn on and couldn't take his eyes off the two lovers in front of him.

By now George had returned to kissing Gabriella deeply, while she was still fondling his dick. As they broke their kiss he stood up and gently pushed her head to his groin. With her sitting still on the chair, and him standing in front of her, his large erection was right in front of her face. Grinning she kissed his head, then traced her tongue down his shaft. Closing his eyes and moaning quietly, he thrust his hips forward to meet her mouth. Placing one hand on his buttocks while her other hand held his shaft, she first sucked on the tip of his dick, then took his head in her mouth, slowly sucking on it. 

Not wanting to miss a moment of the show in front of him, Don got up, standing beside the chair where Gabriella sat, so he could watch more closely. She noticed that now a second hard dick was in front of her. Grabbing her husband's penis, she pulled him closer and started to kiss and lick him, while her left hand stroked George's dick. She continued licking and blowing each dick in turn. By now she was so turned on, her right hand had found it's way in between her legs. Shoving her panties over to one side, she had started to flick her finger across her clit.

Both men, where in heaven, having their dicks massaged and licked, but as Don opened his eyes slightly to watch, he saw that his wife was pleasuring herself. Nudging George with his elbow to get his attention he said, "Why don't you do something about that?" George was only too happy to oblige. Kneeling down in front of Gabriella, he tugged her soaking wet panties off, then pushed her body back against the chair, with her legs wide apart. Don moved around to the other side of the chair, so Gabriella could continue to lick and suck him and he himself could watch as his wife got serviced by George.

George bend his head forward, sticking out his tongue and stiffening it, then gently lapped up some of Gabriella's free flowing juices. Using both of his thumbs he pulled her outer lips apart. Her clit was red and swollen; greedily he flicked his tongue over it several times. Hearing her moan out loud, he continued licking her, while he drove his index finger deep inside her wetness, pumping it in and out slowly in rhythm with his tongue. Gabriella matched the speed of her sucking on her husband's dick to the movements George was performing on her. Soon the room was filled with slurping and moaning sounds from all of them.

Gabriella's hips where moving with George's finger inside her, her hips rocking back and forth on the chair. Knowing that she was close to climaxing he stopped his efforts and stood up. Grabbing her hands and pulling her up to her feet. Gabriella and Don looked at him with a questioning look, not knowing what he had in mind. George just smiled and sat down in the chair, pulling Gabriella down to sit on his lap, facing with her back to him. As wet as she was, his hard dick slipped inside her with no resistance. Don took up position in front of his wife again, easing his erect member back into her waiting mouth. Now Don's dick was getting mouth fucked in the same rhythm as his best friends dick plunged in and out of his wife's pussy.

George sat up a little bit, so that he was able to reach around Gabriella's front to feel and fondle her breasts. Her nipples where already rock hard, and he made them even more sensitive as he started to roll them in between his fingertips, making her moan out loud in pleasure. 

The tightness of Gabriella's wet hole, while watching her give a blow job to her husband in front of him soon was getting to be too much for George. Not being able to hold back his climax, he started to shoot his cum into her. Feeling his hot semen hit her insides; she suddenly let go of Don's dick to match George's fast motions in and out of her. Crying out loud Gabriella joined George in an enormous climax. Slowing his movements George let Gabriella come down from her high, then slipped out of her, releasing her to slump back against him. 

Gabriella slid on the floor in front of the chair, sitting in between George's spread legs, still catching her breath from one of the best orgasms she ever had. Not being able to stand and watch any longer, Don got on his knees in front of his wife, asking her to turn over on her hands and knees. No sooner had she done that, his hard penis plunged deep inside her dripping pussy. She was so slippery, not only from her own juices, but also from George's cum. 

Gabriella sat up, resting her arms on the armrests of the chair while Don behind her picked up his speed to pump in and out of her faster and faster. One of his hands held her against him, while his right hand found her rosebud, and after wetting his fingertip with his mouth, traced little circles around and across it, arousing her further. 

While watching the show in front of him, George's hands involuntarily traveled down to his still erect penis. Slowly he started to stroke it to full hardness. Seeing George stroke himself in front of her face, Gabriella leaned forward a little bit, starting to kiss and lick the head of his dick, while he continued to massage his hard shaft.

Don from behind both of them had a perfect view of his wife's lips and tongue as they licked across the other man's dick. Feeling her pussy contract around his dick, he doubled his efforts to bring them both over the top. Grabbing both of her hips with his hands, so he was able to penetrate her more deeply. Harder and faster he pushed and pulled out of her, his balls slapping against her with every move. Instead of her stopping to lick George, she kept on sucking him, while she and her husband neared orgasm.

As Don started to climax inside of his wife, she joined him, and at the same time George wasn't able to hold his own climax back any longer. Gabriella was being filled with cum, first from her husband inside her pussy, and her mouth from the semen from his best friend. At first she gagged, but then she started to swallow every little drop. Don slowed down his movements, not wanting to leave the warmness and wetness of his wife's pussy. He stayed inside her, gently rocking back as forth as he watched Gabriella clean up George's penis.

Done with her task she sat down on the carpet, forcing Don to exit her. He laid down on the carpet, too exhausted too move. Gabriella joined him, snuggling close and smiling up at him. Soon George crawled on the floor too, and all three collapsed in a heap. The music still played quietly in the background and they lay huddled together, talking about the experience they just shared. After a while, Gabriella got up, giggled to herself, then reached her hands out to both men. "Lets go upstairs to the bedroom and continue our anniversary party for three." Don and George didn't have to be told twice and followed her upstairs to the bedroom to continue to fulfill some fantasies.