 I'm an average guy with what I like to call an above-average sex drive. Lucky for me, I married an adventurous woman. One evening, as I was pulling into the driveway, I began to think about her recent surprises. Just last night I had come home to find her installing a rubber sheet on our bed. She was stark naked and so proud of herself. 

"We're going to have some fun!" she had smiled proudly. Instead of having dinner at our usual kitchen table, we had made love atop the rubber sheet numerous times. I licked a variety of foods off of her and she did the same for me. It had been amazing. All day long I had fought the urge to relive the night before. In a meeting at lunch, I had actually had to excuse myself to the men's room to jerk off and relieve some of the building pressure. Now that I was about to walk in the door, I was excited about what might be in store for me.

Let me back up a moment and explain. My wife, Holly, and I have been married for ten years. She's beautiful in every way, but had always been withdrawn in the bedroom. I attributed this to the virginal state that she had been in when we first met. She had made me wait weeks before finally relenting to have sex with me. As the years have passed, I have been able to bring her out of her inhibition slowly. But a year ago, someone gave her this book about different lovemaking for 365 days. She had been shy about it at first, but as her inhibitions grew less, she became a wildcat in the bedroom. I now had the kind of wife that every man has dreamed of. She begged me to treat her like a whore some nights. On others, we retreated back to the simple form of love-making that had sustained our relationship for so many years.

Tonight, I was anticipating nothing short of amazing. It was our tenth anniversary tonight and she had promised that the night before had only been leading up to the grand finale. I ached for some release as I turned the key in my ignition and got out of the car.

My suit pants strained against my crotch as I hardened slightly in anticipation. I approached the house and turned the key in the door. Usually, Holly was right inside the door waiting for me with a kiss. Tonight, the house was still. I knew she must be in the bedroom.

As I put down my briefcase and wandered through the house, I could hear soft noises from down the hall. I began to stiffen some more as I realized that they were coming from my bedroom. I loosened my tie and dropped my jacket on the couch as I headed for my wife.

Turning the knob on the door, I slowly pushed it open. To my surprise, Holly was naked on a black satin sheet with her legs spread wide. There was a gorgeous blonde between her legs with a beard trimmer. As she slowly ran the trimmer over my wife's pubic hairs, Holly was rubbing her nipples and licking her lips. She saw me come in.

"Hello honey," she said, unsurprised. "I've been waiting for you." Neither woman made an effort to move as I stood there in disbelief.

"Just give me a second and I'll introduce myself," the blonde said as she continued shaving my wife's pussy. I must have been standing there with my mouth open because Holly laughed at me.

"Happy Anniversary, darling! I'm preparing myself for you now." With that, the blonde finished off the last bit of Holly's pubic hair and got up from the bed. I stood in awe as I watched her return from our adjoined bathroom with a washcloth. She tenderly wiped any excess hair off of Holly's vagina as my wife continued rubbing her nipples. Then, the blonde looked up at me.

"I'm Charlotte," she said, getting off of the bed and coming towards me. She held out her hand and I took it in response. Instead of shaking my hand, she pushed it under her blouse. She was not wearing a bra and my fingers grazed her soft, petal-like skin. Touching her was like the velvety touch of a rose. I pulled away as my penis strained in my pants. My wife was watching.

"It's okay baby. Happy Anniversary. I wanted to make it special for you. Charlotte is for both of us," she whispered while continuing to rub herself. I watched as one of her hands left her nipple and began rubbing her belly in circles. Having watched Holly do this a dozen times, I understood that she would soon be stroking her pussy in anticipation of my cock.

Not wanting to say the wrong thing and destroy this fantasy, I looked at Charlotte who was again taking my hand. She ran it up her thigh, pushing her mini skirt towards her waist. She was not wearing panties. Her pussy was shaved like Holly's was now and I was intrigued by the feel of her flesh. Holly had always refused to shave her pussy and was quite intent on keeping a bush. I was blown away at this new development and I felt my mouth start to water. I allowed Charlotte to rub herself with my hand until I slowly became aware that I was now doing the work for her. She arched her back as one of my fingers dipped low enough to enter her and she unbuttoned my shirt. Slowly, she removed my shirt and I had to pull my hand out of her long enough to take off the sleeve. She guided me right back to her and began working on my pants. I knew that my dick was rock hard and I wondered how easy it would be for her to slide off my boxers with my guy standing at attention. I didn't have to wonder long, though, because she grabbed my busy hand and pulled me to the bed. Forcing me onto my back, she quickly removed my pants and climbed on top of me. She straddled my face as she bent over to take me into her mouth. A sixty-nine! I had long ago perfected this position with Holly and I reached up to spread Charlotte's pussy lips to allow me access. 

Working on me, she licked the knob of my cock playfully. It sent a hundred sensations ripping through me. I felt the pre-cum slide out and she quickly sucked it up. She plunged down on me fully deep-throating all ten of my inches. Holly loved my cock. It was the perfect size for her five-foot-one frame and she often said she felt like I was filling her up as much as her body could bear. As Charlotte suckled on me now, I longed to plunge myself into her glorious pussy. Since I had never eaten a shaved pussy before, I relished the opportunity to not have to push back Holly's pubic hairs. Charlotte's pussy was fresh-smelling and soft. She rubbed herself over my mouth and nose and began moaning as my tongue dug deep inside of her. Wickedly, I reached over to my wife who I could feel writhing on the bed. She was clearly deep into masturbation now and I felt out her pussy with my hand. Not wanting to disrupt her own movements, I shoved a finger up her ass as she shoved her fingers deep inside of her body. She moaned loudly and I felt her rock the bed. Charlotte began to moan loudly as well and I released my load deep into her throat. She sat up a little which pushed her further down on top of my face and rocked her body back and forth until a spasm brought forth her creamy foam. Holly wasn't a "creamer" but rather a "squirter" so I again reveled in this new sensation as Charlotte's cum sat in my mouth. 

Charlotte rolled off of me and lay next to Holly on the bed. I continued fingering Holly's ass until she squirted cum straight up my arm. Smiling, I tucked my arms behind my head and lay there watching the two naked women breathing deeply. Charlotte rolled onto her side and began to kiss Holly's nipples. To my surprise, my wife responded with an, "oh yes." She had never expressed a desire to be with another woman and I marveled at how ten years was still not enough time to learn everything about her. As Charlotte climbed over Holly's body, she nudged her legs further apart with her knees. I watched as she sat up and blew a bit of air on Holly's wet pussy. Holly squirmed and smiled. Charlotte did it again. 

Not wanting to see them stop, I tried to remain still in my spot on the bed. I was hardening again at the sight of my wife with another woman. A beautiful woman, at that. 

Charlotte ducked down and licked Holly's slit one time before Holly erupted in another moan. She smiled wickedly and repeated the gesture. Again, Holly moaned, involuntarily. Charlotte sat up and spun herself around to a sixty-nine position with Holly. "I think you should get me ready for your husband," Charlotte stated. I remained quiet to hear my wife's answer. Was she really going to let me fuck another woman right in front of her? Holly just murmured and stuck her tongue inside of Charlotte. I watched the two women devour one another's pussies as they writhed and moaned on the bed. Suddenly, I couldn't take the heat anymore and I began stroking myself as I watched them. I was pumping my meat up and down in my hand as tightly as I could grip it. When I was almost there, I felt Charlotte's hand reach out and grab my hand. Releasing myself, I let her pump me into climax as she licked Holly into orgasm. We all three came together and I could feel the stickiness of the rubber sheet coated in our cum.

"Damn," I sighed, relaxing again.

"I'm not done with you yet," Charlotte confirmed as she pulled herself off of Holly. I took satisfaction in seeing Holly's mouth rimmed with Charlotte's cream. I was proud of her for eating as much of it as she had. I sat up and leaned over to her to lick the remainder away. Charlotte encouraged me to get up on my knees while I kissed my wife. She got behind me as I was on all fours and began stroking my cock from behind. Tasting her sticky cum on my wife's mouth combined with her touch made me grow yet again. Holly reached up and massaged my balls from underneath. Having both women working on me brought me to full arousal in no time. I wanted to fuck my wife. I wanted to yank her hair and fuck her like the whore I knew she was on the inside. I felt this urge building inside of me and could not control it any further. I reached behind Holly's head and grabbed a handful of her hair. She yelped a bit but seemed to be giving me permission. Charlotte released her grip on me and I climbed on top of my wife. I grabbed her legs and threw them over each of my shoulders. Gripping her firm flesh, I rammed my meat inside of her with all of the force that I could muster. Holly was practically folded in half, but she was screaming, "oh yes! Fuck me!" That was all of the invitation that I needed as I pounded into her time and time again. Charlotte reached over and bit me on the ass which sent me into a wild frenzy. I fucked Holly with every ounce of energy that I had. She cried out as she reached orgasm over and over and when I was ready, I pulled out and sprayed my cum all over her belly. By now, I knew we were in for a long night and I only hoped that Charlotte would clean my wife up with her mouth. Needless to say, this was an anniversary that I would never forget.