 Authors note.

I am a new author, and after many years enjoying other people's tales I thought it time I try it myself and this is my first story to be submitted. I started writing only a few weeks ago and at my wife's suggestion have decided to submit a few here. So thanks to the help of SlaveGirl70 and her editing skills my very first Story is now ready for you guys to read. 

Enjoy

********************

Earlier this year, while celebrating our 10th wedding anniversary at an exclusive hotel set on acres of ground out in the English countryside, my wife and I were enjoying some very rare us time. We don't have any plans, just ready for a relaxing weekend without the kids, so we decide to take a swim in the pool after having had a look around the grounds. We head up to the room to change into our costumes, when you pull out a new bikini, one of the small ones, not quite micro but still enough to hint that you are likely completely shaved. 

You give me a twirl, showing off your legs and bum, then bend over in front of me with your legs straight to pick up your t-shirt from the floor, showing off the thong that just covers you. As you stand up you look back at me with mischievous eyes, silently telling me to be patient. It is only then that I notice your gaze drift down and realise that my shorts have tented from your brief display. You pat my hardness lightly through my shorts and whisper in my ear, "later..." You notice the twitch in my shorts your breath causes, and giggle while walking out of the room with a 'come fuck me' sway in your hips that I can't help but follow. 

I adjust myself to be a bit less conspicuous on the way out of the room, but still get a flush of embarrassment when another couple passes us on the way to the lift. I look over to see if you also caught the glance and twitch of the lips from the lady as she looked us both over. From the slight smile on your face I would say you did, but I can't decide if you're smiling for the look she gave me, or you! 

When we get to the pool, we have it to ourselves apart from an elderly couple doing quiet lengths. As you remove your t-shirt, it shows your nice flat abs and 34DD tits off nicely, stretching them against the small triangles that just cover your modesty. I swear I see the old chap slow down on his next lap to get a better look. Giggling, we both jump in and I proceed to chase you round the pool trying to dunk you. At this point, the old couple gets out and goes to change, leaving us to ourselves in the pool. You swim up behind me and jump on my back, dragging me under the water. During the struggle I find my face buried between your legs, so I give your clit a little nip with my teeth, which makes you grind harder into my face. Coming up for air, I suggest we try the spa pool in the corner while no one else is around. 

Jumping out, we head over to the spa and sit down next to each other so that we can see the door to the pool. You start purring next to me and squirming in your seat. I realise you have positioned yourself on one of the jets and I guess from the movements your hips are making it is stimulating your clit. I move my hand down to your thong and pull it to one side, splitting and spreading your lips so that the jet has unimpeded access to your sex. You move your head to rest on my shoulder and spread your legs. You start moaning quietly to yourself as the jet plays over your wide-open pussy and clit. You start moving your hips back and forth to move the jet's stream around, and I can tell when it hits you just right. You suddenly go still, and I feel you shuddering as you come on the jet. When you come back down, you smile at me and suggest that we move into the sauna to relax for a while. 

By this time I am rock solid and aching to come, but I follow you to the sauna thinking it might be fun. We open the door and move to the middle benches. You decide to lie down on the top row while I settle below you. I'm just beginning to relax in the heat, but it's not long before I hear another moan escape your lips. I look up and see you with two fingers buried deep in your cunt, slowly moving in and out, while your other hand plays with your clit. 

I sit and watch for a moment or two then pull your ankles around so your legs are over the edge and you are spread open before me with one hand disappearing in your very wet pussy and the other still frigging your clit. I can tell you are close to another orgasm and decide to help you out. As I reach out and stroke your thighs, I move my face towards your busy hands. I carefully pull your hand out of you and suck the honey off of your fingers then I let my tongue find your clit while my fingers reach for your g-spot. 

We are so involved in what we are doing, we don't notice the door open until the couple we saw in the hallway outside our room walk in. She is about your height and brunette with a pair of breasts that could be used as pillows—36E, maybe F, but firm and perky. She, too, is wearing a bikini that leaves little to the imagination and also appears to be shaved bare. The man is dressed in Speedo trunks and it's pretty obvious that he finds what he is seeing exciting—his half-hard cock is already filling the front of his trunks nicely. 

For a moment no one says anything, and when the fit young lady asks if we need help, to my complete surprise you reply, "Fuck yes! Play with my tits!" Then you look me straight in the eye and say, "Fuck me, hard baby!"

Never one to say no to such a nice request, I ram my cock into you so hard you start to scream. However, when two more mouths settle over your nipples and start nibbling and kissing them, the scream turns into another groan, "That's it," you say, "right there..." The angle I am fucking you at is perfect for hitting your g-spot and I am making the most of it rubbing the head of my cock right over your g-spot and back again, alternating from almost pulling out to driving in to you so deep I hit your cervix. Then I start again slow, then hard, over and over. I can feel your cum flowing over our joining and down my legs. 

At this point, the brunette moves away from your breast and kisses her way down to where my cock is entering you. As she reaches out to touch my cock moving in and out of you, she takes your clit in her mouth. It's all I can do not to cum seeing this stranger with her head between your legs, lapping up the mess we are making. I can't help myself as I move one of my hands and start to stroke her back slowly, reaching around until I am gripping and stroking her pussy from behind. As I slip a finger into her, she begins to moan onto your clit making you buck in response. I add a second finger to her tight and very hot pussy and try to find her centre to see if we can all come at the same time. 

By now the man has stopped kissing your nipples and has worked his cock out of his trunks it looks to be slightly bigger than my own, but not by much, maybe 8" to my 7", but not as thick. I can see the lust in your face when you see its purple, cut head dribbling pre-cum just inches from your face, and when our eyes meet I give you a nod to show that is ok with me. That is all the permission you need and you take him, cock in hand and feed his monster into your mouth. Now, l know exactly how that feels and I start to ram into you even harder. The attention you have been receiving from me and the brunette starts to show and I can tell you are not far away from coming again. The brunette senses it as well and starts to do something different to you, but I can't see what. However I can feel your response through your pussy walls, and as you start to come hard I can feel you grip and release my cock in rhythmic pulses, almost pushing me over the edge myself. I can hear your muffled screams coming out from around his cock and it doesn't look like he will last much longer either. 

As you start coming back down you focus more on the cock in your mouth, clearly enjoying the experience of being spit roasted. I watch as you treat his cock like a lollipop, licking around the head then devouring as much as you can while pumping the rest of his shaft with your hand. 

The brunette then looks at me with half-closed predatory eyes and slowly pulls me out of you replacing my cock with 4 of her fingers! She starts to move them around causing a new round of moans from you. While she is using her obviously talented hands on you, she lowers her head to my cock and starts to suck me off like a pro. Now I like your blowjobs—they are hot—but this was different. Not better, just different—she would alternate from playing with just the head to engulfing me down her throat so that it seemed as though I was being devoured. Knowing I wouldn't last long I warn her that I am about to come. She doesn't miss a beat, she just keeps on deep throating me using her throat to massage my entire length. I look up just in time to see the man pull out of your mouth and spray your tits with his cum. 

The brunette's fingers are still busy keeping you on the edge of another orgasm. Seeing all this intense activity is too much for me to hold out any longer and with a grunt I come straight down her throat. She sucks out the last of my sperm as if not wanting to waste it, and then she turns around and places her mouth over your pussy and starts going to town on you. You are so worked up that you can just manage one long drawn out moan of, "Oh God, I'm coming. Oh Goooooddddd, here it comes," as her tongue delves into your depths and brings you to the edge and past it. You scream out loud as your orgasm takes hold of you, just as you take hold of her hair, and try to force her tongue deeper inside you while shaking uncontrollably. 

It occurs to me that the brunette is the only one of us to have not come yet and it would seem unfair to just leave her after the fun she has supplied us. So I suggest that she climb up onto the top shelf next to you and to lie back for us. I ask you what you would like and you reply, "Pussy!" How can we men refuse a request like that? So, while you start to tease and tickle her sex with your tongue, we both start to play with her tits nipping and tugging at them until she is screaming and writhing beneath all three of us. We don't stop until she is still again, her skin flushed and her breathing ragged, then I watch as you remove your fingers and lips from her and lick your fingers clean with a "cat that got the cream" smile. Then you suggest we all jump in to the pool to cool off and clean up. 

We lounge around the pool for a bit longer and then dry off before heading back to our rooms. Before we leave we make sure to invite Jade and Mark (as their names turn out to be) to join us for dinner that evening. They agree amiably, and we make plans to meet in the bar at 7. 

To be continued...!